URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/100161/scallops-in-pastry-with-lobster-sauce/
Title:
Scallops in Pastry with Lobster Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/147950.jpg
Ingredients:
¼ cup butter
1 (10 ounce) lobster tail
¼ cup all-purpose flour
1 cup heavy cream
¼ cup cream sherry
12 large sea scallops
4 slices Gouda cheese
1 (15 ounce) package double crust ready-to-use pie crust

Directions:
Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Split the shell of the lobster tail lengthwise and add to the skillet. Cook, turning occasionally, until the shell is bright red and meat is opaque. Remove the tail from the pan.  Peel off the shell and dice the meat; set aside.
Whisk the flour into the butter; cooking and stirring over medium heat for a few minutes, then gradually whisk in the cream and sherry. Continue to stir constantly over medium heat until thickened, about 2 minutes. Fold in lobster meat and remove from the heat.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Unroll the pie crusts onto a clean surface and cut into eight  6 inch circles. You may need to use a rolling pin to make them large enough to get four out of each crust. Press the circles into four individual sized ramekins. You could also cut 4 inch circles and press them into the cups of a muffin tin for appetizer sized servings.
Place 3 scallops into each ramekin and top each serving with a slice of Gouda cheese. Cover with remaining pie crust dough and crimp the edges to seal.
Bake in the preheated oven until the crusts are brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Serve topped with lobster sauce.

Submitter: 
Trish Clifton Wiltshire
Description: 
This is a very rich dish, a little goes a long way! Served as a side dish or an entree, this is my favorite recipe and always gets rave reviews.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
7 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.57
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
40 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
1163 calories
76.4
g fat
61.3
g carbohydrates
56.3
g protein
259
mg cholesterol
1494
mg sodium.
