URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/103104/asparagus-and-yukon-gold-potato-soup-with-crab-and-chive-sour-cream/
Title:
Asparagus and Yukon Gold Potato Soup with Crab and Chive Sour Cream Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1/3 cup light sour cream
1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives
1 tablespoon lemon juice
salt and white pepper to taste
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 tablespoon butter
1 pound fresh asparagus, trimmed and coarsely chopped
1/2 onion, chopped
1 clove garlic, minced
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
6 cups chicken stock
2 Yukon Gold potatoes, cubed
1 pinch salt and white pepper to taste
4 ounces lump crabmeat

Directions:
In a small bowl, stir together the sour cream, chives and lemon juice. Season with salt and white pepper. Cover and refrigerate until needed to blend the flavors.
Heat the olive oil and butter in a soup pot over medium heat. Add the asparagus and onion; cook and stir until onion is soft, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and thyme, and cook just until fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir in the flour until smooth, then gradually whisk in the chicken stock to avoid causing lumps. Add the potatoes and bring to a simmer. Simmer over medium heat until potatoes are tender, about 20 minutes.
Puree the soup in a food processor or blender, or use a stick blender in the pot. Return to the pot and bring to a gentle simmer. Season with salt and white pepper.
To serve, ladle soup into warmed bowls and garnish with a dollop of the chive sour cream and a few chunks of crabmeat. Garnish with additional chives if you have extra.

Submitter: 
MICHELLE0011
Description: 
Delicious spring-time soup. The crab is optional but I think it makes the soup so great. You can substitute shrimp meat for the crab, if you'd like.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Vegetable Soup

Number of ratings:
8 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.125
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
148 calories
6.8
g fat
15.4
g carbohydrates
8.1
g protein
25
mg cholesterol
780
mg sodium.
