URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/104041/strawberry-rhubarb-jam/
Title:
Strawberry Rhubarb Jam Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
3 pints fresh ripe strawberries, stems removed
1 (1.75 ounce) package low methoxyl pectin with calcium *
1 pound fresh rhubarb, leaves removed (see note)
1/2 cup water
1 cup SPLENDA® No Calorie Sweetener, Granulated

Directions:
Wash jars and lids in hot soapy water; rinse with warm water. Fill boiling-water canner half full with water; add jars and water to cover. Bring water to a boil, reduce heat and simmer. Place lids in water to cover in a small saucepan; bring water to a simmer. Simmer until ready to use. Remove and drain jars and lids, one at a time, as needed for filling.
Cut strawberries in half; crush using potato masher or food processor. Place exactly 3 cups of crushed strawberries in a medium bowl; gradually add pectin, stirring until pectin dissolves. Set aside.
Slice rhubarb into 1/2-inch slices; measure exactly 3 cups. Place a medium-size saucepan; add 1/2 cup water. Bring mixture to a boil, reduce heat and simmer, covered, 5 to 8 minutes or until tender.
Add strawberry mixture; bring mixture to a full rolling boil (a boil that doesn't stop bubbling when stirred) over medium-high heat. Boil 1 minute, stirring constantly. Remove from heat; add SPLENDA(R) Granulated Sweetener, stirring until SPLENDA(R) Granulated Sweetener dissolves. Skim off any foam with metal spoon.
Ladle hot jam into prepared jars, filling to within 1/4-inch of tops. Wipe jar rims and threads. Cover with 2-piece lids. Screw bands tightly. Place jars on rack in canner. (Water must cover jars by 1 to 2 inches. Add boiling water, if necessary.) Cover; bring water to gentle boil.
Process 10 minutes. Remove jars and place upright on towel to cool completely. After jars cool, check seals by pressing center of lid with finger. (If lid springs back, lid is not sealed and refrigeration is necessary.) Store in a cool, dark place for up to 1 year. Once opened, store refrigerated and use within 2 weeks.

Submitter: 
Maker of SPLENDA® Sweetener Products
Description: 
Rhubarb is botanically a vegetable, but most often, it is prepared as a fruit in sweet condiments and desserts. Swirl this rosy jam into plain yogurt or spoon it over vanilla ice cream.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
64
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
9 calories
0.1
g fat
2.3
g carbohydrates
0.2
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
2
mg sodium.
