URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/104165/grilled-chicken-greek-salad/
Title:
Grilled Chicken Greek Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/975788.jpg
Ingredients:
Nature's Seasons® Red Wine Vinaigrette/Marinade:
1/2 cup olive oil
1/4 cup red wine vinegar
3 tablespoons lemon juice
2 tablespoons fresh oregano, chopped
2 teaspoons Morton® Nature's Seasons® Seasoning Blend
Salad:
4 (4 ounce) boneless skinless chicken breasts
1 medium red onion, thinly sliced
1 red pepper, cut in wedges
1 green pepper, cut in wedges
1 pint grape or cherry tomatoes, halved
1 small seedless cucumber, cut into 1/2 lengthways and thinly sliced on the bias
12 kalamata olives
1/2 cup crumbled feta cheese

Directions:
To make the vinaigrette/marinade whisk together olive oil, red wine vinegar, lemon juice, oregano and Morton(R) Nature's Seasons(R) Seasoning Blend. Divide the mixture in half reserving half to dress the salad. Cover reserved salad dressing, refrigerate and set aside until needed.
Pat chicken dry with paper towels. Lay chicken in a glass bowl. Pour remaining Nature's Seasons(R) Red Wine Vinaigrette/Marinade over chicken, turning to coat. Cover and refrigerate. Marinate for 1 to 2 hours.
Preheat grill to medium-high (about 400 degrees F).
Remove chicken from marinade, discarding excess marinade. Place onto preheated, seasoned grill. Grill for 6 to 8 minutes per side, until fully cooked. An instant read thermometer should register 175 degrees F). Remove from grill and set aside to cool slightly.
In a bowl combine red onion, red and green peppers, tomato, cucumber and kalamata olives. Drizzle reserved dressing over salad and toss.
Divide the salad equally among 4 plates. Slice grilled chicken on the bias and lay on top of salad. Garnish with crumbled feta cheese.

Submitter: 
Morton Salt
Description: 
Grilled chicken breast slices with Greek seasonings are served over a delicious salad: the perfect summer recipe!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
536 calories
39.9
g fat
15.3
g carbohydrates
30.1
g protein
93
mg cholesterol
1363
mg sodium.
