URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/104155/citrus-angel-bites/
Title:
Citrus Angel Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Angel Bites:
5 egg whites
1/3 cup SPLENDA® No Calorie Sweetener, Granulated
1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 pinch salt
Citrus Filling:
1/2 cup fresh orange juice
1/4 cup fresh lemon juice
4 teaspoons cornstarch
3 tablespoons SPLENDA® No Calorie Sweetener, Granulated
1 egg yolk

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.  Lightly oil a 13x11 inch baking sheet.  Set aside.
Make Angel Bites: Place egg whites in a medium mixing bowl.  Whip on high speed using an electric mixer or wire whisk until frothy.
Add SPLENDA(R) Granulated Sweetener, vanilla and salt.  Mix on high speed until medium-stiff peaks form (approx. 20-30 seconds with an electric mixer).
Spoon rounded tablespoons of egg white mixture onto prepared baking sheet.  Bake in preheated 350 degree F oven 10-15 minutes or until golden brown.  Remove from pan.  Cool.
Make filling: Blend together SPLENDA(R) Granulated Sweetener and egg yolk in a small mixing bowl.  Stir well.  Add juice to egg yolk mixture.  Mix thoroughly.  Add cornstarch.  Stir well.  Pour into a small saucepan.  Cook over medium heat, stirring frequently, until thickened (approx. 2 minutes).  Chill until ready to use.
Assemble Angel Bites: Just before serving, sandwich Angel Bites with filling.  Place filling on the bottom of one Angel Bite and top with another so that the bottoms of the Angel Bites are facing each other and the filling is sandwiched between them.  Repeat with remaining Angel Bites.
Garnish Angel Bites with a dollop of whipped cream, some orange zest and a sprig of mint.

Submitter: 
Maker of SPLENDA® Sweetener Products
Description: 
A uniquely satisfying and indulgent guilt-free dessert!!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3.33333325386047
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
calories
fat
carbohydrates
protein
cholesterol
sodium.
