URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/104156/black-forest-angel-bites/
Title:
Black Forest Angel Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Angel Bites:
5 egg whites
1/3 cup SPLENDA® No Calorie Sweetener, Granulated
1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla
1 pinch salt
Filling:
1 (15 ounce) can unsweetened tart cherries
1 tablespoon SPLENDA® No Calorie Sweetener, Granulated
1 tablespoon cornstarch
3 tablespoons sugar free chocolate chips, melted

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.  Lightly oil a 13x11-inch baking sheet.  Set aside.
Make Angel Bites: Place egg whites in a medium mixing bowl.  Whip on high speed using an electric mixer or wire whisk until frothy.
Add SPLENDA(R) Granulated Sweetener, vanilla and salt.  Mix on high speed until medium-stiff peaks form (approx. 20-30 seconds with an electric mixer).
Spoon rounded tablespoons of egg whites onto prepared baking sheet.  Bake in preheated 350 degrees F oven 10-15 minutes or until golden brown.  Remove from pan.  Cool.
Make filling.  Drain cherries and save juice.  Pour juice into a small saucepan.  Add cornstarch and SPLENDA(R) Granulated Sweetener.  Stir well.  Cook over medium heat until simmering and thick (approx. 2 minutes).  Toss thickened juice with cherries.  Chill until ready to use.
Assemble Angel Bites: Just before serving, sandwich Angel Bites with filling. Place filling on the bottom of one Angel Bite and top with another so that the bottoms of the Angel Bites are facing each other and the filling is sandwiched between them.  Repeat with remaining Angel Bites.
Garnish Angel Bites with a drizzle of melted chocolate and a dollop of whipped cream.

Submitter: 
Maker of SPLENDA® Sweetener Products
Description: 
A uniquely satisfying and indulgent guilt-free dessert!!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
80 calories
2.1
g fat
12.6
g carbohydrates
4.3
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
62
mg sodium.
