URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/104154/peanut-butter-chocolate-angel-bites/
Title:
Peanut Butter Chocolate Angel Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Angel Bites:
5 egg whites
1/3 cup SPLENDA® No Calorie Sweetener, Granulated
1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla
1 pinch salt
Filling:
1/4 cup reduced fat peanut butter
1/2 cup fat free cream cheese
1/4 cup SPLENDA® No Calorie Sweetener, Granulated
1/2 teaspoon vanilla
1/4 cup skim milk
6 reduced fat chocolate wafers, coarsely chopped or crushed
3 tablespoons fat free fudge topping

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.  Lightly oil a 13x11-inch baking sheet.  Set aside.
Make Angel Bites:  Place egg whites in a medium mixing bowl.  Whip on high speed using an electric mixer or wire whisk until frothy.
Add SPLENDA(R) Granulated Sweetener, vanilla and salt.  Mix on high speed until medium-stiff peaks form (approx. 20-30 seconds with an electric mixer).
Spoon rounded tablespoons of egg white mixture onto prepared baking sheet.  Bake in preheated 350?F oven 10-15 minutes or until golden brown.  Remove from pan.  Cool.
Make filling: Place peanut butter, cream cheese, SPLENDA(R) Granulated Sweetener and vanilla in a medium mixing bowl.  Mix 1-2 minutes on medium speed.  Scrape sides and mix until blended with no visible lumps.  Slowly add milk while mixing on low speed.  Stop mixer and scrape sides of bowl.  Mix approximately 1 minute or until well blended.  Add crushed or chopped wafers.  Blend on low speed until just mixed (approx. 30 seconds).  Refrigerate until ready to use.
Assemble Angel Bites:  Just before serving, sandwich Angel Bites with filling. Place filling on the bottom of one Angel Bite and top with another so that the bottoms of the Angel Bites are facing each other and the filling is sandwiched between them.  Repeat with remaining Angel Bites.
Garnish with Fat Free Fudge Topping.

Submitter: 
Maker of SPLENDA® Sweetener Products
Description: 
A uniquely satisfying and indulgent guilt-free dessert!!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
160 calories
5.3
g fat
16.6
g carbohydrates
11.5
g protein
2
mg cholesterol
293
mg sodium.
