URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/104316/pirate-stew/
Title:
Pirate Stew Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F67858.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound beef stew meat, cut into 1-inch pieces
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 small sweet potato, chopped
4 small potatoes, chopped
1  celery rib, chopped
1  turnip, chopped
2  parsnips, chopped
2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar
1 tablespoon butter
1 small onion, chopped
¾ cup pineapple juice
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
¼ cup brown sugar
1 teaspoon crushed garlic
1 cube beef bouillon
3 tablespoons rum

Directions:
Combine the beef, flour, salt, and pepper in a resealable plastic bag; shake to evenly coat the beef.
Heat the olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Brown the beef in the olive oil. Transfer the meat into the bottom of a slow cooker and return the skillet to the heat. Add the sweet potato, potato, celery, turnip, and parsnip. Pour the vinegar into the hot skillet to deglaze the pan, scraping loose the particles from the bottom with a spatula; empty into the slow cooker. Return the skillet to the heat and melt the butter. Cook and stir the onion in the melted butter until softened; scrape into the slow cooker.
Combine the pineapple juice, Worcestershire sauce, brown sugar, garlic, beef bullion, and rum in a small saucepan; cook until the bouillon cube dissolves. Pour into the slow cooker.
Turn the slow cooker on to High; cook for 1 hour. Switch heat to Low and cook an additional 6 hours.

Submitter: 
Pam Buffel
Description: 
This beef stew for the slow cooker has a taste of the Caribbean (brown sugar and rum) that your whole family will love. This recipe is my own creation and uses primarily root vegetables from the ship's hold. Let this cook while you and the crew take on another adventure.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
14 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.64
Prep time: 
45 mins
Ready in:
7 hrs 45 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
733 calories
32.1
g fat
79.4
g carbohydrates
27.1
g protein
84
mg cholesterol
422
mg sodium.
