URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/104401/apple-citrus-pie/
Title:
Apple Citrus Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 double crust ready-to-use pie crust (such as Pillsbury®)
3 cups water
1 cup honey
5 seedless oranges, thinly sliced
1/2 cup packed brown sugar
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/8 teaspoon ground ginger
4 Macintosh apples - peeled, cored, and thinly sliced
3 tablespoons melted butter, divided
2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar

Directions:
Line a 9 inch pie pan with one of the pie crusts, and chill at least 20 minutes before baking to prevent shrinkage. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). Line pastry with a double layer of aluminum foil and a layer of pie weights or dried beans.  Bake in the preheated oven until edge of crust is golden, about 10 minutes. Carefully remove the foil and weights and bake until the crust has set, about 5 minutes more. Let cool.
Bring the water and honey to a boil in a saucepan over high heat. Stir in the orange slices, then reduce heat to medium-low. Cover and simmer 30 minutes, then drain, reserving the orange slices. Combine the brown sugar, cinnamon, and ginger in a mixing bowl. Toss the apples with the sugar mixture; set aside.
Spread 1/3 of the orange slices into the bottom of the pie crust, then top with 1/3 of the sweetened apples. Form 4 more layers with the apples and oranges, then place the second pie crust on top of the pie. Crimp the edges, then cut 3 slits into the top of the pie. Brush the crust with half of the melted butter.
Bake in the preheated oven until the top crust is flaky and golden, about 1 hour. Remove the pie from the oven, and brush with the remaining butter; sprinkle with confectioners' sugar.

Submitter: 
Jenn Russo
Description: 
This is a very refreshing pie - perfect for summer barbecues.  The combination of citrus and fresh apple flavors makes it sweet and an excellent alternative to the more fattening desserts. It takes a little time, but it is worth it!
Categories:
Desserts
Pies
Apple Pie

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
2 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
539 calories
19.5
g fat
92.7
g carbohydrates
4.1
g protein
11
mg cholesterol
271
mg sodium.
