URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/105161/roasted-tenderloin-of-beef-winter-vegetables-and-balsamic-sauce/
Title:
Roasted Tenderloin of Beef, Winter Vegetables and Balsamic Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 pound beef tenderloin roast (about 2-1/2 inches in diameter), trimmed of any fat
4 large carrots, cut into 2x1/2-inch pieces
2 large turnips, cut into 2x1/2-inch pieces
6 shallots, quartered lengthwise
2 red bell peppers, cut into 1/2-inch-wide strips
1 1/2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil
1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh rosemary plus sprigs for garnish
1 small head garlic, halved crosswise and wrapped in aluminum foil
1/4 cup balsamic vinegar
1/2 cup reduced-sodium beef broth
kosher salt (to taste) (optional)
pepper (to taste) (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 450  degrees F.
Pat beef dry and season with salt and pepper to taste.
Toss vegetables, except garlic, in a sheet pan with oil and rosemary and salt and pepper to taste. Spread vegetables out on sheet pan and nestle beef in middle. Place foil package of garlic in upper third of oven and place beef with vegetables in lower third of oven. Roast, stirring vegetables occasionally, until vegetables are golden brown and tender, garlic is very soft and a meat thermometer when inserted 2 inches into center of beef registers 135  degrees F for medium rare, 30 to 40 minutes. Transfer meat to a carving board, cover roast with foil and let stand for 15 minutes before slicing. Transfer vegetables to a serving bowl and season to taste with salt and pepper. Keep warm, covered. Carefully remove garlic from foil and scoop out garlic cloves into a bowl, mashing them with a fork until smooth. Boil vinegar in a small saucepan until reduced by a third, about 3 minutes. Whisk in garlic and broth and boil, whisking occasionally, for 3 minutes. Transfer to a gravy dish.
Cut beef crosswise into 1/8-inch-thick slices and serve on top of roasted vegetables. Drizzle with balsamic sauce and garnish with rosemary.

Submitter: 
The Sonoma Diet Online
Description: 
An elegant beef tenderloin roast is served with roasted vegetables and a balsamic gravy. You will hardly feel like you are on a diet with this wave two meal.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
309 calories
10.2
g fat
31.9
g carbohydrates
23.3
g protein
56
mg cholesterol
277
mg sodium.
