URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/105145/pan-roasted-breast-of-chicken-with-warm-wheat-berry-salad/
Title:
Pan-Roasted Breast of Chicken with Warm Wheat Berry Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 cup hard wheat berries
2 1/2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme
4 teaspoons finely shredded lemon peel
3 boneless chicken breast halves with skin
2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil
3/4 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth
2 ounces crumbled reduced-fat goat cheese
1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice
1 1/2 cups baby arugula
2 tablespoons toasted, salted sunflower seeds
Kosher salt to taste
Pepper to taste

Directions:
Soak wheat berries in cold water to cover by 2 inches in a bowl, overnight, covered and chilled.
Stir together 1-1/2 teaspoons thyme and 2 teaspoons lemon peel with salt and pepper to taste.
Pat chicken dry and spread herb mixture evenly under skin on breast. Season skin with salt and pepper to taste.
Drain wheat berries well and cook in pot of 2 quarts boiling water uncovered until tender, about 30 minutes. Drain well and toss with remaining 1 teaspoon thyme and 2 teaspoons lemon peel.
Heat 1 teaspoon of oil in a large nonstick skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Cook chicken, skin sides down, turning once, until golden brown and cooked through, 16 to 18 minutes. Transfer chicken to a cutting board. Cover roast with foil and stand for 5 minutes.
Wipe skillet clean and add chicken broth. Bring broth to a simmer and add wheat berry mixture. Simmer mixture until broth is reduced to a couple of tablespoons, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a serving bowl, gently toss in goat cheese, lemon juice, and remaining teaspoon oil, and season with salt and pepper to taste.
Slice chicken diagonally crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices.
Add arugula and sunflower seeds to wheat berries, tossing to combine. Mound salad on serving plates and top with sliced chicken.

Submitter: 
The Sonoma Diet Online
Description: 
A wheat berry salad with sunflower seeds and arugula is topped with tender pieces of grilled chicken makes a delicious wave 2 lunch.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
362 calories
10.9
g fat
36.7
g carbohydrates
31.2
g protein
63
mg cholesterol
281
mg sodium.
