URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/105460/red-white-and-blueberry-tart/
Title:
Red, White, and Blueberry Tart Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Crust
1/2 (15 ounce) package refrigerated piecrusts
Filling
1/2 cup SPLENDA® No Calorie Sweetener, Granulated
2 tablespoons cornstarch
1 pinch salt
1 cup 2% reduced-fat milk
2 large eggs, lightly beaten
1/2 (8 ounce) package reduced fat cream cheese, softened
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Topping
1 teaspoon unflavored gelatin
1/2 cup water
1 1/2 tablespoons SPLENDA® No Calorie Sweetener, Granulated
1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice
1 pint fresh blueberries
1 pint fresh strawberries

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.
FIT one piecrust into a 9-inch tart pan; trim edges evenly to top of tart pan. Line pastry with aluminum foil, and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake 10 minutes; remove weights and foil. Bake 5 additional minutes or until crust is golden. Cool on a wire rack.
Combine 1/2 cup SPLENDA(R) Granulated Sweetener, cornstarch, salt, milk, and eggs in a heavy saucepan; whisk until mixture is smooth. Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring constantly. Reduce heat to low and cook for 1 minute or until mixture thickens.
Beat cream cheese until light and fluffy; gradually add hot custard mixture to cream cheese, beating until blended. Stir in vanilla. Spoon filling mixture into prepared tart shell. Press plastic wrap directly over surface of pie; cool completely.
Sprinkle gelatin over cold water in a small saucepan; stir and let stand 1 minute. Stir in SPLENDA(R) Granulated Sweetener and lemon juice; bring mixture to a boil over medium heat stirring until gelatin dissolves. Cool mixture to room temperature.  Arrange berries over tart; drizzle berries with glaze; chill 1 hour.

Submitter: 
Maker of SPLENDA® Sweetener Products
Description: 
Celebrate summer with a seasonal tart. It's as easy as pie when you start with a refrigerated piecrust.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
238 calories
12.7
g fat
25.2
g carbohydrates
6.5
g protein
57
mg cholesterol
200
mg sodium.
