URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/105448/richard-leachs-flourless-chocolate-cake/
Title:
Richard Leach's Flourless Chocolate Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon cornstarch, sifted
2 teaspoons cocoa powder, sifted
6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped
3 tablespoons sour cream
2 tablespoons unsalted butter, chopped
2 cups SPLENDA® No Calorie Sweetener, Granulated, divided
3 egg yolks
1 tablespoon water
5 egg whites

Directions:
Preheat oven to 250 degrees F. Butter an 8- inch round cake pan and line bottom with a parchment paper cake circle.  Set aside.
Mix the cornstarch and cocoa powder together.  Set aside.
Place chocolate, sour cream and butter in the top bowl of a double boiler.  Heat over medium heat until mixture has melted.  Stir frequently.
Mix 1 cup SPLENDA(R) Granulated Sweetener, egg yolks and water in a medium size bowl using a wire whisk.  Whisk until thoroughly mixed.
Pour melted chocolate mixture into the egg yolk mixture, gently folding chocolate into the egg yolks.
Whip egg whites in an electric mixer until soft peaks form.  Add the remaining 1 cup SPLENDA(R) Granulated Sweetener and whisk briefly.
Fold 1/3 of the whipped egg whites into the chocolate mixture until lightly blended.  Fold in the blended cornstarch and cocoa powder.  Fold in the remaining whipped egg whites.
Pour cake batter into prepared cake pan.  Place the cake pan in a larger baking pan.  Pour about 1/2 inch of water into the larger baking pan to create a water bath.
Bake in preheated 250 degrees F oven for 50-60 minutes or until firm.
Remove cake from water bath.  Cool cake completely before removing from the pan.
Carefully invert the pan onto a serving plate to unmold.

Submitter: 
Maker of SPLENDA® Sweetener Products
Description: 
Rich chocolate cake is the perfect ending to a nice meal. This dense cake is also low in sugar.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
189 calories
12.8
g fat
13.8
g carbohydrates
5
g protein
88
mg cholesterol
42
mg sodium.
