URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/105668/dark-chocolate-pots-de-creme/
Title:
Dark Chocolate Pots de Creme Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/983883.jpg
Ingredients:
4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped
1/2 cup fat-free milk
1/2 cup fat free half-and-half
1 teaspoon instant espresso powder
4 large egg yolks
3 tablespoons Splenda or sugar substitute
Pinch salt
South Beach Diet-approved whipped topping (optional)
Fresh raspberries (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.
Place chopped chocolate in a medium bowl. In small heavy saucepan, bring milk, half-and-half, and espresso powder just to a simmer. Remove from heat; pour mixture over chocolate. Whisk until chocolate melts and mixture is smooth.
In separate medium bowl, whisk yolks, sugar substitute, and salt. Add chocolate mixture in a steady stream, whisking constantly. Pour mixture through a fine-mesh strainer into a large glass measuring cup.
Line bottom of a baking pan (large enough to hold four custard cups) with a folded kitchen towel. Divide custard among four custard cups; arrange cups on towel. Add enough hot tap water to baking pan to come halfway up sides of cups. Tightly cover entire pan with foil.
Bake 30 minutes, until custards are set around edges but still slightly wobbly in center. Remove cups from water bath. Cool, then cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until cold. Serve cups cold, garnished with whipped topping and raspberries.

Submitter: 
The South Beach Diet Online
Description: 
Dark chocolate, such as bittersweet, is good for your heart (in moderate amounts)! Do your heart, and your taste buds, a favor with this Phase Three dark chocolate pots de creme. Top with a South Beach Diet -approved whipped topping  and add raspberries to boost the antioxidant power.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
7 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.85714292526245
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
283 calories
16.3
g fat
28.4
g carbohydrates
6.5
g protein
208
mg cholesterol
66
mg sodium.
