URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/106653/adrian-leons-breast-of-chicken-with-manchamantal-sauce-red-mole/
Title:
Adrian Leon's Breast of Chicken with Manchamantal Sauce (Red Mole) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 pounds chicken breast, skinless and boneless
1 ounce guajillo, seeded and de-veined
1 1/2 ounces anchos, seeded and de-veined
1/4 cup fried plantains
1 tablespoon raisins
1 pound plum tomatoes
4 cloves garlic, roasted
1 stick Mexican cinnamon
1 slice bread or challah
2 cloves, whole
2 black peppercorns
1 allspice, whole
1/2 tablespoon salt
2 tablespoons sunflower oil
1 cup fresh pineapple
1 large apple, cored and coarsely chopped
7 cups chicken stock
1 cup SPLENDA® No Calorie Sweetener, Granulated

Directions:
Boil water in a 3 quart sauce pan to soak the chilies.
Blister the chilies on a dry Comal or cast-iron frying pan over medium heat. Place the chilies in a medium mixing bowl, pour the boiling water over and soak for 20 minutes.
Remove chilies from water and use a blender with a little of the chili water, as needed, to puree.
Press the blended mixture through a food mill or sieve to remove skins and set mixture aside.
Heat the chicken stock in a heavy 4 quart pot.
Poach the chicken in the stock over low heat for 35 to 45 minutes. Reserve the stock and set chicken aside on a plate.
Roast tomatoes in a pan over medium heat for 10 to 15 minutes. Remove tomatoes from pan to drain. Roast onions and garlic in same pan.
Blend tomatoes, fried plantains, raisins, garlic, bread, cinnamon, peppercorns, allspice, salt and 2 cups of the reserved stock until pureed and smooth, place in bowl and set aside.
Puree pineapple and apple together and set aside.
Heat the sunflower oil until smoking in a heavy 6 quart stockpot and pan fry the chili mixture. Stirring constantly for 10-15 minutes add the blended tomato mixture and continue to cook and stir for about 10 minutes, add the SPLENDA(R) Granulated Sweetener and keep frying 15 more minutes(thin with stock as needed). Stir in the pineapple and apple puree. Continue cooking until the mole is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon.
Place chicken in a wide bowl and ladle the mole over it.

Submitter: 
Maker of SPLENDA® Sweetener Products
Description: 
An exquisite recipe for entertaining! A vast array of fresh Mexican ingredients are blended into a silky smooth sauce and served over succulent poached chicken breasts.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
268 calories
11.5
g fat
19.5
g carbohydrates
22.6
g protein
57
mg cholesterol
665
mg sodium.
