URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/106664/angela-tustins-blueberry-and-lemon-thyme-scones-with-sweet-lemon-cream/
Title:
Angela Tustin's Blueberry and Lemon Thyme Scones with Sweet Lemon Cream Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Scones:
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 1/2 cups soft cake flour
3 tablespoons baking powder
4 ounces butter, cubed
1/4 cup SPLENDA® Sugar Blend
1/2 cup dried blueberries
3/4 cup buttermilk
1 tablespoon lemon zest
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon cloves
3 sprigs lemon thyme, stems removed, whole leaves
Sweet Lemon Cream:
8 ounces Neufchatel cream cheese
3 tablespoons SPLENDA® Sugar Blend
1 lemon, zest and juice
1 teaspoon vanilla extract

Directions:
Combine the first 11 ingredients except butter and buttermilk into a large mixing bowl. Add cubed butter and press butter into dry mixture by hand until butter mixture is coarse, not smooth (this is especially fun for the kiddies, but beware, it can get messy).
Add buttermilk slowly and mix dough together until lightly combined. Remove dough to a floured surface and knead until ingredients are blended but dough is not over worked.
Roll dough with a rolling pin until 2/3 inch thick. Cut out with a 2 round cutter (re- roll dough when needed) and arrange on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Bake for approximately 6 minutes until tops of scones are golden brown. Remove from oven and serve warm with Sweet Lemon Cream (recipe below).
Sweet Lemon Cream: Place the remaining ingredients into the bowl of an electric mixer. Whip on medium speed until mixture is fluffy and homogenous. Serve with Blueberry and Lemon Thyme Scones.

Submitter: 
Maker of SPLENDA® Sweetener Products
Description: 
Moist, light scones with a golden crusty exterior are served warm with a sweet lemon cream.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
23 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
264 calories
12.6
g fat
32.6
g carbohydrates
4.8
g protein
35
mg cholesterol
400
mg sodium.
