URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/11057/gingerbread-cutouts/
Title:
Gingerbread Cutouts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup shortening
2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
1/2 cup white sugar
1/2 cup molasses
1 egg
1 tablespoon distilled white vinegar
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon ground ginger
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon ground cloves

Directions:
In a mixing bowl beat shortening with an electric mixer on medium to high speed for 30 seconds.  Add about half of the flour, the sugar, molasses, egg, vinegar, baking powder, ginger, baking soda, cinnamon, and cloves.  Beat until thoroughly combined.  Beat in remaining flour.  Cover and chill for at least 3 hours or until dough is easy to handle.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Lightly grease a baking sheet.
Divide the chilled dough in portions to be rolled out.  On a lightly floured surface roll the pieces of dough to 1/8 inch thickness.  Cut with a knife, spatula, or pizza cutter to desired sizes for walls, roof, etc.  Place on greased cookie sheet.
Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 5-6 minutes or until edges are lightly browned.  Cool on the cookie sheet for 1 minute then remove with spatula to wire rack to finish cooling.  Decorate with confectioners'  sugar icing colored as desired with food coloring.  Decorate and or assemble as desired.

Submitter: 
Joyce Guy
Description: 
You can roll out gingerbread dough into rectangular sheets for walls, cut out windows, and bake.  Same for the roof. When done you can fit them together with icing 'glue' and paint them with colored icing.  First decide what size and draw each piece (front, back, ends and roof on paper such as typing or computer paper and fit them together to see how it will look when completed.  You can also cut out shingles and 'glue' them in place after the rest is assembled.  Use the paper pattern as a guide for cutting each piece out of the dough before you bake it. Decorate with icing and decorative candies.
Categories:
Desserts
Cookies
Gingerbread Cookies

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
