URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/110714/burrito-bananas-foster/
Title:
Burrito Bananas Foster Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
9 tablespoons brown sugar, divided
2 tablespoons butter
1/4 cup water
2 tablespoons tequila or dark rum (optional)
3 (10 inch) flour tortillas
2 large bananas, peeled and sliced in coins
3 tablespoons chopped walnuts
toothpicks, for securing tortillas
2 cups vegetable oil
3 cups premium vanilla ice cream

Directions:
In a small saucepan, bring 6 Tbs. of brown sugar and the butter and water to a boil. Stir in liquor; simmer to blend flavors, about 1 minute. Remove from heat, and set aside.
Place one flour tortilla on a work surface. Place 1?3 of the banana slices just below the center, forming the fruit into a log; sprinkle with 1 Tb. brown sugar and 1 Tb. walnuts. Fold both sides of the tortilla over the filling, then fold bottom of the tortilla over the filling and roll it over to form a packet. Secure with toothpicks.  Repeat with remaining tortillas, bananas, sugar and nuts. (You can make ahead to this point and hold at room temperature for 1 hour.)
Meanwhile, warm oil in a Dutch oven set over medium heat until it reaches 350 degrees on a candy or deep-fry thermometer. Add all three stuffed tortillas. Fry, turning once, until golden brown, about 2 minutes on each side.
Transfer to paper towels, lightly blot surface oil, remove toothpicks and halve on the diagonal with a serrated knife.
Spoon 1 Tb. butter sauce in the bottom of each of six shallow bowls. Place half a tortilla and 1?2 cup of ice cream in each pool of sauce. Drizzle with remaining sauce, and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Ben S.
Description: 
Get out the frying pan: Bananas Foster gets a glamorous update that plays off what I call the fried ice cream effect. Bananas, brown sugar and walnuts are folded in a flour tortilla and fried. The tortilla crisps up, and the sugar dissolves into sauce. Top the Breezy Burrito Bananas Foster with a two-minute sauce for a dessert that rivals the Big Easy original.
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Banana Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
493 calories
23.7
g fat
64.4
g carbohydrates
6.3
g protein
39
mg cholesterol
309
mg sodium.
