URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/110902/italian-cream-pie-with-strawberry-sauce/
Title:
Italian Cream Pie with Strawberry Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Crust:
1/2 (15 ounce) package Pillsbury refrigerated pie crust
Filling:
1 cup fat-free milk, divided
1 (1 ounce) package unflavored gelatin
1/4 cup SPLENDA® Sugar Blend
1 cup part-skim ricotta cheese
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 cup frozen fat-free whipped topping, thawed
2 (6 ounce) containers Yoplait® Light Fat Free very vanilla yogurt
Strawberry Sauce:
1/4 cup SPLENDA® Sugar Blend
1 tablespoon cornstarch
1 (10 ounce) package Cascadian Farm® frozen organic strawberries, thawed
1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice

Directions:
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Fit crust into an 8- or 9-inch springform pan, pressing crust up side of pan to top edge. (Do not overwork or allow crust to get too warm.) Prick bottom and side of crust with fork.
Bake 9 to 11 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool completely on wire rack.
To Make Filling: pour 1/2 cup of milk into a medium saucepan; sprinkle gelatin over milk and let stand 1 minute. Stir in remaining 1/2 cup milk and SPLENDA Sugar Blend. Cook over low heat, stirring until gelatin dissolves.
Pour milk mixture into blender; add ricotta and vanilla and process until smooth. Transfer to a large bowl; stir in whipped topping and yogurt.
Remove crust from pan; place on a serving plate. Cut a piece of waxed paper long enough to fit around crust with a 1-inch overlap; fold paper lengthwise into thirds. Wrap paper around outside edge of crust, allowing it to extend about 3 inches above top to form a collar; secure with string. Pour filling into crust. Refrigerate until set, about 4 hours. Serve with Strawberry Sauce.
To Make Strawberry Sauce: combine SPLENDA Sugar Blend and cornstarch in a medium saucepan. Add strawberries and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until mixture comes to a boil. Cook 1 additional minute, stirring constantly. Remove from heat; stir in lemon juice. Cover and chill.

Submitter: 
Maker of SPLENDA® Sweetener Products
Description: 
This deliciously light cheesecake can be whipped up in a matter of minutes. The most difficult part is waiting for it to chill!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
2.5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
4 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
202 calories
6.2
g fat
27
g carbohydrates
6.9
g protein
11
mg cholesterol
130
mg sodium.
