URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/111328/shichimi-seared-pork-tenderloin/
Title:
Shichimi-Seared Pork Tenderloin Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/815094.jpg
Ingredients:
For the Pork:
1/4 cup white sesame seeds
1/4 cup black sesame seeds
2 tablespoons shichimi togarashi (Japanese 7 spice)
4 pounds pork tenderloins
Kosher salt
2 tablespoons canola oil
For the Sauce:
3 shallots, minced
2 tablespoons minced fresh ginger
3/4 cup dry white wine
2 tablespoons fresh lime juice
1 cup whipping cream
2 tablespoons soy sauce
3 tablespoons white miso paste
1 cup cold, unsalted butter, cut into 1-inch cubes
Kosher salt to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat until it begins to smoke. Meanwhile, mix the white and black sesame seeds together with the togarashi powder; set aside. Season the tenderloins with salt, then press into sesame mixture until completely coated. Sear the tenderloins on all sides until golden brown, about 1 minute per side.
Transfer the tenderloins to a baking sheet, and bake in preheated oven until the internal temperature reaches 145 degrees F (63 degrees C), 20 to 25 minutes. When done, remove pork, and allow to rest for five minutes in a warm place.
While pork is roasting, prepare sauce by simmering the shallots, ginger, lime juice, and wine in a small saucepan over medium-high heat until it has reduced to about 2 tablespoons of liquid. Add the cream, and continue to simmer until it has reduced by half. Pour mixture into a blender, along with soy sauce and miso. Blend on low speed for 10 seconds until pureed, then slowly add butter, a few cubes at a time with blender running until it is incorporated. Season to taste with salt, and keep in a warm place until ready to use.
To serve, slice the tenderloin into medallions, and pour warm sauce overtop; serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Ryan Nomura
Description: 
Asian flavors and French technique come together to make a great dish. You can also use chicken, scallops, or most types of hearty fish (i.e. tuna, salmon, etc.) to make this.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian

Number of ratings:
8 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
718 calories
50.8
g fat
10.6
g carbohydrates
51.1
g protein
249
mg cholesterol
705
mg sodium.
