URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/112855/bill-yossess-lemon-pound-cake/
Title:
Bill Yosses's Lemon Pound Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
9 lemons
2 3/4 cups all-purpose flour
3/4 cup SPLENDA速 Sugar Blend
1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
3/4 cup heavy cream
6 large eggs
11 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted
1 1/2 cups water
1 cup SPLENDA速 Sugar Blend
1/4 cup water
2 tablespoons SPLENDA速 Sugar Blend
2 cups fresh or frozen raspberries

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9x5-inch loaf pan, line with parchment or waxed paper. Grease paper.
Prepare lemon segments. Grate zest of 4 lemons; slice tops and bottoms off 3 (reserve fourth). Stand lemons on end on a cutting board, and cut away white pith until the flesh is exposed. Over a bowl, cut segments from membranes, letting fruit and juice fall into bowl (remove seeds). With fork, break segments into 1-inch pieces.
Sift flour, SPLENDA(R) Sugar Blend, and baking powder into the bowl of an electric mixer. Begin mixing on low speed then add cream or creme fraiche. Increase speed to medium, and beat in eggs, one at a time, then butter.
Fold lemon segments, juices, and 3 tablespoons zest gently into batter. Scrape into pan. Bake for 45-60 minutes.
Make the glaze while the cake is baking. JUICE and zest the remaining 6 lemons. Put SPLENDA(R) Sugar Blend in a pot, and add 1 1/2 cups water. Bring to a simmer, and cook, stirring, until sugar dissolves. Stir in lemon juice and remaining zest, and let cool.
Place cake pan on a wire rack for 30 minutes when cake is done.
Adjust oven temperature to 350 degrees F.
Unmold cake, and transfer it to a pie pan or deep dish. Pour lemon syrup over cake, and very gently squeeze the cake to help it absorb syrup. Carefully turn cake upside down in syrup, and squeeze a bit more. Put cake on a baking sheet; return to oven for 10 minutes to "set" the glaze.
Cool on a rack while making coulis. Combine SPLENDA(R) Sugar Blend with 1/4 cup water in a small pot and bring to a boil, stirring until sugar dissolves. Cool completely.
Puree raspberries and syrup in a blender, then strain through a fine sieve.  Serve cake with raspberry coulis either pooled around or over the plated slice.
Serve cake with raspberry coulis either pooled around or over the plated slice.

Submitter: 
Maker of SPLENDA速 Sweetener Products
Description: 
A rich textured buttery cake is enhanced with pieces of fresh lemon and served with a sweet glaze and raspberry coulis.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
2 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
calories
fat
carbohydrates
protein
cholesterol
sodium.
