URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/112853/bill-yossess-cheesecake/
Title:
Bill Yosses's Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Crust:
1 tablespoon butter, room temperature
1 1/4 cups cookie crumbs, divided
Cheescake:
8 ounces cream cheese (at room temperature)
1/4 cup SPLENDA® Sugar Blend
3/4 cup part-skim ricotta cheese
3 eggs
1 cup light sour cream
1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice
1 tablespoon fresh grated lemon zest
Glaze:
1 cup light sour cream
1/4 cup SPLENDA® Sugar Blend
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract

Directions:
Grease the inside of a 9" springform pan, using soft butter. Press 1 cup of cookie crumbs into the bottom of the pan. Set aside.
Place cream cheese and SPLENDA(R) Sugar Blend into a mixer (preferably with a paddle attachment). Run for a few minutes, scraping down the sides and beaters frequently.
Add Ricotta; then add eggs, one by one. Wait for egg to be incorporated into the mix and scrape down the bowl before adding another egg to insure that everything is smoothly blended. Finally add sour cream, lemon juice and zest, and mix to uniform consistency.
Pour batter into the prepared pan and place on a cookie sheet.
Bake at 325 degrees F for 50 -55 minutes, or until almost fully set and the center jiggles slightly. Allow to cool completely.
To Make Glaze: Mix the ingredients in a bowl and use an offset spatula to cover the outside of the un-molded cheesecake.
Cover the top of the cake with a one eighth of an inch layer of the sour cream glaze and lightly coat the sides, use the spatula to stick the remaining 1/4 cup cookie crumbs onto the sides.

Submitter: 
Maker of SPLENDA® Sweetener Products
Description: 
Let Chef Bill Yosses guide you through the process of making the perfect cheesecake.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
2.5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
235 calories
13.3
g fat
19.8
g carbohydrates
7.3
g protein
86
mg cholesterol
194
mg sodium.
