URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/112958/belgian-squirrel/
Title:
Belgian Squirrel Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F5941581.jpg
Ingredients:
3 large squirrels, skinned and gutted
½ cup butter
2  onions, sliced
3 tablespoons white vinegar
⅛ teaspoon dried thyme
salt and pepper to taste
18  pitted prunes
1 ½ teaspoons all-purpose flour
1 cup cold water

Directions:
Clean squirrels, making sure that all shot is removed.  Burn away with a candle any fur that clings.  Rinse the meat though several changes of water and pat dry.  Cut squirrels into serving pieces.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add squirrel pieces and fry until browned on all sides, but do not cook through. Remove the squirrel pieces to a large Dutch oven or oven safe crock. Add onions to the butter in the skillet; cook and stir until tender and browned. Pour the onions and butter into the pot with the squirrel. Fill with enough water to almost cover the meat. Mix in the vinegar and season with thyme, salt and pepper.  Cover and place in the oven.
Bake for 1 hour in the preheated oven. Remove the pot from the oven and add the prunes. Return to the oven and reduce the heat to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Continue baking for another 45 minutes.
Remove the pot from the oven. Mix the flour and cold water together in a cup. Use a slotted spoon to remove the meat and prunes to a serving dish. Set the pot on the stove and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Stir in the flour and water and simmer, stirring constantly, until the gravy is thick enough to coat a metal spoon. Serve meat with a lot of gravy.

Submitter: 
Rhonda Sitzes
Description: 
A person who simply cannot stand wild game will learn to like it after a taste of this unusual dish.  And no, it doesn't have to be a squirrel from Belgium, it will just taste like one!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
7 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.86
Prep time: 
40 mins
Ready in:
2 hrs 45 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
375 calories
19.9
g fat
19.8
g carbohydrates
30.1
g protein
154
mg cholesterol
223
mg sodium.
