URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/11454/dangerously-delicious-dates/
Title:
Dangerously Delicious Dates Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1/3 cup dry sherry
1 cup dried dates
2 tablespoons chopped walnuts
1 tablespoon lemon zest
2 teaspoons ground nutmeg
2 cups milk, divided
5 cups all-purpose flour
1 cup dry pancake mix
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 cup confectioners' sugar
2 cups packed brown sugar
2 teaspoons salt
2 cups applesauce
1/2 teaspoon almond extract
1/2 cup butter
1 egg

Directions:
In a medium size frying pan, bring sherry to a gentle boil. Stir the dried dates, walnuts, lemon zest and nutmeg into it.  Cook until sherry has boiled down (reduce the mixture).  Immediately add milk and set in the fridge.  Chill 1/2 hour.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease cookie sheets.
In a medium size bowl, mix flour, pancake mix, baking powder, 1/2 cup confectioner's sugar, brown sugar and salt together. Using an electric mixer, combine the flour mixture, the applesauce, milk and almond extract.
Cream the margarine and egg, and pour the creamed mixture into the batter. Continue to mix until the mixture is light and fluffy. Fold in the date mixture. Roll the dough into 1 1/2 inch balls and place on a lightly greased cookie sheet.
Bake for 17 minutes, until the edges are light brown and crispy. Immediately sprinkle confectioner's sugar over the warm cookies.  Cool and serve.  These cookies freeze well.

Submitter: 
Luri Peybeckski
Description: 
These cookies are...to die for...there is no other way to describe them!  They were stumbled upon one day when I was left with no other ingredients.  These cookies were named because as I said before they are to die for!  They are perfect for the health food nut...and are seriously sinful!
Categories:
Desserts
Cookies
Fruit Cookies
Date

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
2
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
286 calories
5.3
g fat
55.9
g carbohydrates
4.5
g protein
20
mg cholesterol
400
mg sodium.
