URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/117687/sloppy-joe-mac-and-cheese/
Title:
Sloppy Joe Mac and Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/690495.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (16 ounce) package elbow macaroni
1 pound lean ground beef
1 (14.5 ounce) can diced tomatoes, undrained
1 (6 ounce) can tomato paste
1 (1.3 ounce) envelope Sloppy Joe seasoning mix
1 small onion, finely chopped
1/4 cup butter
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground mustard
1/4 teaspoon pepper
3 cups half-and-half cream
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
4 cups shredded Cheddar cheese, divided

Directions:
Cook macaroni according to package directions. Meanwhile, in a large skillet, cook beef over medium heat until no longer pink; drain. Add the tomatoes, tomato paste and sloppy joe mix. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat; cover and simmer for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Drain macaroni; set aside. In a large saucepan, saute onion in butter until tender. Stir in the flour, salt, mustard and pepper until smooth. Gradually add cream and Worcestershire sauce. Bring to a boil; cook and stir for 1-2 minutes or until thickened. Remove from the heat. Stir in 3 cups cheese until melted. Add macaroni; mix well.
Spread two-thirds of the macaroni mixture in a greased 13-in. x 9-in. x 2-in. baking dish. Spread beef mixture to within 2 in. of edges. Spoon remaining macaroni mixture around edges. Cover and bake at 375 degrees F for 30 minutes. Uncover; sprinkle with remaining cheese. Bake 5-6 minutes longer or until cheese is melted.

Submitter: 
Dorothy Leone
Description: 
Combining two mealtime classics into this casserole was a success for Dorothy Leone. Sloppy Joe Macaroni and Cheese is a hit in her Meredith, New Hampshire home. My grandchildren love it, she says. It's so versatile, too. Instead of the sloppy joe mix, I sometimes add taco seasoning, and I've also experimented with the other ingredients. But I do hope you can lighten it up a bit.'
Categories:

Number of ratings:
12 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
