URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/118482/turkey-with-grandmas-stuffing/
Title:
Turkey with Grandma's Stuffing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/987900.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (12 pound) turkey, with giblets
4 celery ribs with leaves, chopped
1 small onion, finely chopped
4 tablespoons butter or margarine, divided
10 slices day-old white bread, cubed
10 slices day-old whole wheat bread, cubed
1/2 cup egg substitute
3/4 teaspoon poultry seasoning
1/2 teaspoon salt
Dash pepper
3 tablespoons cornstarch
1/4 cup cold water

Directions:
Place giblets in a saucepan and cover with water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat; cover and simmer for 45-50 minutes or until tender. Remove giblets to a cutting board; dice. Set broth and giblets aside. In a skillet, saute celery and onion in 2 tablespoons butter until tender. In a bowl, combine bread cubes, celery mixture, giblets, egg substitute and seasonings. Stir in 1 cup giblet broth.
Just before roasting, loosely stuff turkey with 8 cups stuffing. Place remaining stuffing in a greased 2-cup baking dish; refrigerate. Skewer turkey openings; tie drumsticks together with kitchen string. Place breast side up on a rack in a roasting pan. Pour 1 cup giblet broth over turkey. Melt remaining butter; brush over turkey. Bake, uncovered, at 325 degrees F for 3-1/2 to 4 hours or until a meat thermometer reads 180 degrees F for turkey and 165 degrees F for stuffing, basting occasionally. (Cover loosely with foil if turkey browns to quickly.)
Bake additional stuffing, covered, for 25-30 minutes. Uncover; bake 10 minutes longer. Cover turkey and let stand for 20 minutes before carving. Pour pan drippings into a 2-cup measuring cup; skim fat. Add water or remaining giblet broth to measure 2 cups. In a saucepan, combine cornstarch and cold water until smooth. stir in broth mixture. Bring to a boil; cook and stir for 2 minutes or until thickened.

Submitter: 
Jacinta  Ransom
Description: 
Everyone is ready to dig in when my mom sets this impressive Thanksgiving favorite on the dinner table. The moist turkey, seasoned bread stuffing and flavorful gravy remind her of holiday meals when she was growing up. -Jacinta Ransom, South Haven, Michigan
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
1 h 10 m
Ready in:
4 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
