URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/118656/fresh-grilled-steelhead-trout-over-morel-mushroom-risotto/
Title:
Fresh Grilled Steelhead Trout over Morel Mushroom Risotto Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/982711.jpg
Ingredients:
Trout:
2 large steelhead or rainbow trout, 22 inches
1 medium yellow onion, sliced very thin
2 tablespoons butter
2 tablespoons Hidden Valley® Original Ranch® Salad Dressing & Seasoning Mix
Morel Mushroom Risotto:
4 tablespoons butter
1 medium white onion, finely chopped
4 ounces fresh morel mushrooms, washed and sliced in half
2 cups Arborio rice
5 cups chicken broth
3/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese
Salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Light grill using Kingsford(r) Charcoal with Sure Fire Grooves(tm). Lay trout on aluminum foil, allowing enough to cover, and place 3-4 onion slices along the length of the fish. Top with first 2 tablespoons of butter.  Rub Ranch mix on trout, including inside gut cavity.  Top with remaining onion and butter. Wrap entire fish in aluminum foil and seal tightly. Heat on low-medium grill for 30 to 45 minutes.
Melt butter in a 4 to 5-quart saucepan over medium heat, stirring regularly. Add onion and mushrooms. Cook until onions turn soft and translucent. Add rice and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, for about 3 minutes. Using a ladle, add 1/2-to-3/4 cup of broth, stirring constantly with a spoon. When most of the liquid is absorbed into rice and rice begins to look a bit dry, add another ladle of broth to pan; stir constantly. Continue adding broth in batches.  The risotto is finished when the rice is tender and has a creamy consistency, like thick oatmeal. Add grated Parmesan and salt and pepper to taste; stir well.

Submitter: 
Hidden Valley® Ranch
Description: 
Fresh grilled trout seasoned with Ranch dressing and served over a creamy morel mushroom risotto.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
1140 calories
42.2
g fat
88.9
g carbohydrates
95
g protein
303
mg cholesterol
590
mg sodium.
