URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/118650/summer-veggie-n-barbecue-chicken-pizza/
Title:
Summer Veggie 'n Barbecue Chicken Pizza Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/978681.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup onion slices
1 cup zucchini slices
1 cup red, yellow and green pepper slices
1/2 cup mushroom slices
1/2 cup KC Masterpiece® Garlic & Herb Marinade
1 pound frozen bread dough, thawed
2 tablespoons olive oil
1/2 cup Hidden Valley® Original Ranch® Salad Dressing
1/2 cup shredded Mozzarella cheese
1 cup shredded, cooked chicken breast
1/4 cup KC Masterpiece® Original Barbeque Sauce
Fresh oregano leaves, chopped (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Toss onion, zucchini, peppers and mushrooms with KC Masterpiece(r) Garlic & Herb Marinade. Spread in a single layer on rimmed baking sheet and roast in oven 25 minutes or until softened and edges are browned. Note: This step can be done the day before.
Light grill using Kingsford briquets.
On a lightly-floured work surface, roll out dough into a 15-inch circle.   Brush with 1 tablespoon olive oil.
Lay dough onto grill, oil side down. Cover and grill about 3 minutes or until dough is puffed and underside is browned.
Using tongs, turn pizza over and quickly spread with Hidden Valley(r) Ranch Original(r) Dressing. Scatter cheese, vegetables and chicken over dressing and cover grill. Grill 2-3 minutes or until cheese is melted and underside of pizza is browned. Use tongs to slide onto cutting board.
Drizzle KC Masterpiece(r) Original Barbecue Sauce on top and sprinkle  with chopped oregano, if desired.

Submitter: 
Hidden Valley® Ranch
Description: 
Creamy Ranch dressing replaces the tomato sauce on this grilled pizza topped with marinated vegetables, chicken, and cheese.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
458 calories
20.3
g fat
48.2
g carbohydrates
17.9
g protein
30
mg cholesterol
764
mg sodium.
