URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/118648/smoked-stuffed-chicken-with-ranch-vegetables/
Title:
Smoked Stuffed Chicken with Ranch Vegetables Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/976172.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (6 pound) large roasting chicken
1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided
1 1/2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, divided
2 tablespoons KC Masterpiece® Barbecue Seasoning
4 large cloves garlic, quartered
1 cup chopped red onion
1 cup sliced zucchini
1/2 cup diced red bell pepper
1/2 cup diced celery
1/2 cup cherry tomatoes, halved
2 tablespoons olive oil
3 tablespoons Hidden Valley® Original Ranch® Salad Dressing & Seasoning Mix
4 medium red potatoes, chopped
1 cup KC Masterpiece® Original Barbeque Sauce

Directions:
Light grill using Kingsford(r) Charcoal with Sure Fire Grooves(tm). Rinse inside and outside of chicken.  Season inside with salt and pepper.  Season outside with rub.  Place all vegetables and garlic, except potatoes, into a bowl and drizzle with olive oil; sprinkle with Ranch mix, salt and pepper; mix together.
Stuff cavity of chicken with half of vegetable mixture.  Place chicken in shallow baking dish.
Mix potatoes with remaining vegetables.  Place onto pieces of foil; fold sides over and seal tightly, forming small cooking pockets. Poke a few holes into top of pocket.
Mound coals on one side of grill. Place chicken on side of grill without coals grill.  Baste outside of chicken with KC Masterpiece(r) Original Barbecue Sauce every hour of cooking.  Grill for three hours until internal temperature of chicken reaches 165 degrees F.  After two hours, place foil pouch with potato-vegetable mixture on grill.  Remove from grill with chicken.

Submitter: 
Hidden Valley® Ranch
Description: 
A barbecue rubbed chicken is stuffed with Ranch seasoned potatoes and vegetables then roasted on the grill.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
1229 calories
58.6
g fat
74
g carbohydrates
97.5
g protein
291
mg cholesterol
1686
mg sodium.
