URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/11974/smoked-salmon-ravioli/
Title:
Smoked Salmon Ravioli Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/568900.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups all-purpose flour
2 eggs, beaten
2 egg yolks
1 pound smoked salmon
2 eggs
1 cup heavy cream
2 teaspoons chopped fresh chives
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 egg, beaten
16 ounces shredded Gruyere cheese
1 cup heavy whipping cream

Directions:
TO MAKE THE PASTA, place the flour in a mound on a smooth work area, creating a well in the center. Pour the 2 beaten eggs and 2 egg yolks into the well, and slowly pull the flour into the eggs until it is all incorporated. Finish kneading by hand, adding more flour if needed for a smooth consistency. Divide the pasta in half and roll out each half or feed through pasta roller until thin, number 6 setting on the machine. Roll out as many sheets of pasta as possible.
FOR THE SMOKED SALMON MOUSSE, puree the smoked salmon and 2 eggs together until smooth. Slowly add 1 cup heavy cream, chopped chives, and pepper. Mix thoroughly.
To assemble the raviolis, prepare a smooth, floured surface. Lay out the pasta and divide the smoked salmon mousse into 24 equal-sized portions and place these portions two inches apart on one sheet of pasta. Brush the beaten egg on the pasta between the mounds of salmon mousse, and cover with the other sheet of pasta. Cut raviolis apart, and refrigerate or freeze until you are ready to use.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil, add raviolis, and cook about 6 minutes. Drain well.
Meanwhile, add to each of 8 fireproof plates 1 ounce gruyere cheese and 1/8 cup heavy cream. Heat under the broiler until the cheese melts then add the raviolis and sprinkle 1 ounce more gruyere on top. Place under the broiler until the cheese browns lightly.
Serve the stuffed raviolis on the warm plates.

Submitter: 
MC
Description: 
A fresh pasta recipe with a rich, creamy mousse filling. Serve with melted cheese on warmed fireproof plates and pass around extra Parmesan cheese. An instant classic!
Categories:
Seafood
Fish
Salmon
Smoked

Number of ratings:
20 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
678 calories
47.3
g fat
26.2
g carbohydrates
36.3
g protein
324
mg cholesterol
704
mg sodium.
