URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/125315/the-breakfast-omwich/
Title:
The Breakfast Omwich Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/623983.jpg
Ingredients:
3 slices bacon
3 eggs, lightly beaten
1/2 cup grated Cheddar cheese
1 pinch salt and ground black pepper to taste (optional)
2 slices cooked, chopped ham
1/4 cup finely chopped onion (optional)
1 tablespoon fresh chives, chopped (optional)
1/4 cup chopped fresh mushrooms (optional)
1/4 cup green bell pepper, finely chopped (optional)
1 teaspoon finely chopped jalapeno pepper (optional)
2 drops hot pepper sauce (e.g. Tabasco™), or to taste (optional)
4 slices bread, toasted
2 tablespoons mayonnaise, or to taste (optional)

Directions:
Place the bacon in a skillet and cook over medium heat until evenly browned and crisp. Remove, and drain on paper towels. When cooled, crumble into small pieces.
Stir the eggs and 1/4 cup Cheddar cheese together in a bowl until blended. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Pour the egg mixture into a skillet over medium heat. When the bottom of the eggs is set, layer with the bacon, ham, and if using, onion, chives, mushrooms, green pepper, jalapeno or hot pepper sauce. . Season with hot pepper sauce, if desired. Sprinkle with the remaining 1/4 cup Cheddar cheese. Carefully fold one half of the egg mixture over the filling ingredients. Cook until the cheese melts and the bottom is golden; turn and cook the other side until golden. Remove from the heat.
Set two slices of toast on two serving plates, and spread each slice with mayonnaise, if desired. Cut the egg mixture in half, and place one half on each piece of toast. Top each with the remaining toast, cut each omwich in half, and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Jeff Acord
Description: 
This is a delicious, flavorful breakfast sandwich that will fill you up and get you ready to go in the morning. I like to use Tillamook Cheddar cheese. Add various chopped vegetables and  meats such as sliced chicken, turkey, or roast beef to the egg mixture to suit your taste.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Eggs
Breakfast Sandwiches

Number of ratings:
30 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.66666650772095
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
660 calories
48.4
g fat
30.2
g carbohydrates
26
g protein
342
mg cholesterol
1057
mg sodium.
