URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/126226/chinese-clay-pot-rice-with-chicken/
Title:
Chinese Clay Pot Rice with Chicken Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
2 thick slices back bacon or Canadian bacon, cut into bite-size pieces
5 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed
3  large chicken legs -- boned, skinned, and cut into large chunks
½ cup dark soy sauce, or to taste
2 tablespoons oyster sauce
1 ½ tablespoons light-colored soy sauce
2 cups uncooked white rice
½ cup water

Directions:
Heat the vegetable oil in a large saucepan with a lid over medium heat. Cook and stir the bacon pieces until lightly browned and the oil has a bacon flavor, about 1 minute. Remove the bacon from the pan, turn the heat to high, stir in the garlic, and cook until the garlic cloves are beginning to turn golden brown, about 1 more minute. Add the chicken pieces, stirring to seal the surfaces of the meat. Turn the heat down, and cook until golden brown on the outside but still pink on the inside, about 3 minutes.
Return the bacon pieces to the pan, and stir in the dark soy sauce, oyster sauce, light soy sauce, and rice, and mix everything together until well-combined. Pour in the water (should not reach to the top of the rice mixture), cover the pan, and turn the heat to low. Simmer until the rice is cooked and grains of roasted rice are stuck on the bottom of the pan, about 30 minutes. Serve each portion topped with some of the browned rice kernels scraped from the bottom.

Submitter: 
Li Yung
Description: 
This is a main dish traditionally prepared in a clay pot, with bits of charred rice at the bottom - a real treat! Don't worry about the clean-up; if you're using a stainless steel pan, soak it afterward with a baking soda solution.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
5 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.6
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
55 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
493 calories
13
g fat
52
g carbohydrates
38.6
g protein
112
mg cholesterol
1693
mg sodium.
