URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/126873/nestle-chocolatier-flourless-chocolate-cake/
Title:
Nestle速 Chocolatier Flourless Chocolate Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/981156.jpg
Ingredients:
1 2/3 cups NESTLE速 CHOCOLATIER 62% Cacao Bittersweet Chocolate Morsels
1 cup unsalted butter, cut into pieces
1/4 cup water
1/2 teaspoon NESCAFE速 TASTERS CHOICE速 100% Pure Instant Coffee Granules
1/3 cup granulated sugar
8 large eggs
Powdered sugar
Sweetened whipped cream (optional)

Directions:
PREHEAT oven to 325 degrees  F.  Grease bottom of 9-inch springform pan.  Line bottom with parchment or wax paper.  Grease paper.
PLACE morsels, butter, water and coffee granules in medium, heavy-duty saucepan.  Heat over medium-low heat, stirring frequently, until melted and smooth.  Stir in  granulated sugar until smooth.  Remove from heat.
BEAT eggs in large mixer bowl for 5 minutes or until the volume doubles.  Fold 1/3 of beaten eggs into chocolate mixture.  Fold in remaining beaten eggs 1/3 at a time until thoroughly incorporated.  Pour batter into prepared pan.
BAKE for 33 to 35 minutes or until cake has risen (center will still move and appear underbaked) and edges start to get firm and shiny.  Cool completely in pan on wire rack (center will sink slightly).  Cover cake; refrigerate for 4 hours or overnight.  (Cake can be prepared up to 4 days in advance.)
TO SERVE:  About 30 minutes before serving, remove side of pan by first running knife around edge of cake.  Invert cake on sheet of parchment paper, peel off parchment pan liner, and turn the cake right-side up on serving platter.  Dust with powdered sugar.  Serve with dollop of sweetened whipped cream.

Submitter: 
Nestle Chocolatier
Description: 
Enticingly moist, this decadent cake features rich bittersweet chocolate morsels, a hint of coffee, and a dollop of heavenly whipped cream.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.75
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
431 calories
37.1
g fat
22.6
g carbohydrates
7
g protein
192
mg cholesterol
56
mg sodium.
