URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/126942/ricotta-gnocchi/?src=VD_Summary
Title:
Ricotta Gnocchi Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4570008.jpg
Ingredients:
Gnocchi:
1 (8 ounce) container ricotta cheese
2 eggs
1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon pepper
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 cup all-purpose flour, or as needed
Sauce:
3 tablespoons olive oil
1 tablespoon minced garlic
1 (15.5 ounce) can diced tomatoes
1 dash crushed red pepper flakes (optional)
6 basil leaves, finely shredded
Salt and pepper to taste
8 ounces fresh mozzarella cheese, cut into small chunks

Directions:
Stir together the ricotta cheese, eggs, Parmesan Cheese, salt, pepper, and garlic powder in a large bowl until evenly combined. Mix in 1 cup of flour. Add additional flour if needed to form a soft dough.
Divide the dough into 3 or 4 pieces, and roll into 1/2-inch-thick ropes on a floured surface. Cut each rope into 1-inch pieces, and place on a lightly floured baking sheet. Place in the refrigerator until ready to use.
Heat olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Stir in garlic, and cook until softened and fragrant, about 1 minute. Pour in diced tomatoes and red pepper flakes; bring to a simmer over medium-high heat, and cook for 10 minutes. Stir in shredded basil and season to taste with salt and pepper.
While sauce is simmering, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil over high heat. Boil the gnocchi until they float to the surface, 1 to 2 minutes, then drain.
To assemble the dish, stir the cubed mozzarella cheese into the sauce and allow the heat of the sauce to soften, but not melt the cheese. Place gnocchi into a serving bowl, and spoon sauce overtop.

Submitter: 
Shelbi Awabdy
Description: 
This recipe was passed down to me from my great aunt, it is easy, authentic and delicious! The secret to making these gnocchi is to dry the ingredients as much as you can before using. Let the ricotta drain of excess water by placing it in a strainer over a bowl and leaving it in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes before using.
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
Italian

Number of ratings:
680 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.51764726638794
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
calories
fat
carbohydrates
protein
cholesterol
sodium.
