URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/12773/lobster-salad-with-red-devil-dressing/
Title:
Lobster Salad with Red Devil Dressing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/37293.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 pounds cooked lobster tails - peeled, shredded and chilled
1 medium head garlic
1/2 large onion
salt to taste
1/3 cup extra virgin olive oil
2 large red bell peppers
1 large portobello mushroom, chopped
1/2 lemon, juiced
1 tablespoon fennel seed
1 tablespoon ketchup
1 tablespoon cider vinegar
ground black pepper to taste
4 cups mixed salad greens

Directions:
Preheat oven to broil.  Position rack in the center of the oven.  Lightly oil a baking sheet.
Cut off top of garlic, place on  a square of aluminum foil.  Drizzle with 1 teaspoon olive oil, and sprinkle with a pinch of salt on top.  Wrap in foil, and place on baking sheet.  Prepare onion in the same manner.
Place baking sheet in the center of the oven, and bake garlic and onion for 15 minutes.  Place red bell peppers on sheet; broil for 15 minutes, turning to blacken all sides.  Remove peppers only, and place in a brown paper bag.  Place mushroom on baking sheet, and broil for 15 minutes.  Remove mushroom, onion, and garlic from oven.  Set vegetables aside until cool enough to handle.
Peel and remove seeds from peppers; place in blender, discarding seeds and peel.  Squeeze garlic and onion from skins; add to blender, discarding skins.  Coarsely chop mushroom; add to blender along with remaining olive oil, lemon juice, fennel, ketchup, and vinegar.   Blend until smooth.  Season to taste with salt and ground black pepper.
Place shredded lobster meat in the center of a large bed of salad greens.  Pour dressing around lobster meat.

Submitter: 
LADOLCEVITA
Description: 
This recipe features lobster, the 'Queen of the Sea'. The intensity of the richness of lobster is only amplified by the unique taste of it's dressing.  Laid on a bed of fresh salad greens, it's a great summertime luncheon meal.
Categories:
Salad
Seafood Salad

Number of ratings:
9 Ratings
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
449 calories
24.6
g fat
19.7
g carbohydrates
37.8
g protein
130
mg cholesterol
736
mg sodium.
