URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/12821/firehouse-clam-bake-new-england-style/
Title:
Firehouse Clam Bake New England Style Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/364801.jpg
Ingredients:
20 small (1 pound) lobsters
20 pounds clams in shell, scrubbed
10 pounds mussels, cleaned and debearded
10 pounds cod
20 white potatoes
20 sweet potatoes
20 ears fresh corn
5 pounds bratwurst
5 pounds hot dogs
5 pounds pork sausage
3 pounds sweet onions

Directions:
At the beach dig a hole in the sand with the approximate proportions: width = 2 feet, length = 4 feet, depth = 1-1/2 feet.  Line the hole with stones from the beach.  Build a fire inside of the hole and cover with rocks from the beach. Heat the stones for 2 to 3 hours.
Remove coals and/or embers from the hole. Arrange hot stones evenly across the bottom of the hole. Place fresh 1/2 bushel seaweed (wet) on top of the hot stones.
Working quickly layer the food on top of the seaweed, the food should be layered evenly on top of each other in the following order: clams, mussels, fish, sausage,  hotdogs (wrapped in cheesecloth), onions, potatoes (white and sweet), corn, and finally lobsters.
Cover food with a clean, wet cloth.  Place remaining seaweed on top of cloth.
Cover entire hole of food with a wet tarpaulin, sealing the steam created by the hot stones and seaweed in. Allow a very small amount of steam to escape to relieve pressure. Let bake cook for 1 or more hours.  The bake is completed when the potatoes are soft. Serve bake with melted butter to dip the seafood in and lobster crackers. Don't forget napkins -- you'll need 'em!

Submitter: 
Star Pooley
Description: 
Growing up along the Eastern seaboard in Rhode Island, seafood is a staple of the  state! This is a wonderful recipe that is prepared right on the beach!! A lot of work, but well worth it! You'll have to collect a lot of stones and seaweed for this dish.
Categories:
Main Dish
Seafood
Clams

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
3 h 30 m
Ready in:
5 h
Number of servings: 
40
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
999 calories
48.2
g fat
49.3
g carbohydrates
89.5
g protein
294
mg cholesterol
2368
mg sodium.
