URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/128589/oyakodon-japanese-chicken-and-egg-rice-bowl/
Title:
Oyakodon (Japanese Chicken and Egg Rice Bowl) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/3963616.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups uncooked jasmine rice
4 cups water
4  skinless, boneless chicken thighs, cut into small pieces
1  onion, cut in half and sliced
2 cups dashi stock, made with dashi powder
¼ cup soy sauce
3 tablespoons mirin (Japanese rice wine)
3 tablespoons brown sugar
4  eggs

Directions:
Rinse the rice in 3 to 4 changes of water until the rinse water is almost clear, and drain off the rinse water. Bring the rice and 4 cups of water to a boil in a saucepan over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the rice is tender and the liquid has been absorbed, 20 to 25 minutes.
Place the chicken in a nonstick skillet with a lid, and cook and stir over medium heat until the chicken is no longer pink inside and beginning to brown, about 5 minutes. Stir in the onion, and cook and stir until the onion is soft, about 5 more minutes. Pour in the stock, and whisk in soy sauce, mirin, and brown sugar, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Bring the mixture to a boil, and let simmer until slightly reduced, about 10 minutes.
Whisk the eggs in a bowl until well-beaten, and pour over the chicken and stock. Cover the skillet, reduce heat, and allow to steam for about 5 minutes, until the egg is cooked. Remove from heat.
To serve, place 1 cup of cooked rice per bowl into 4 deep soup bowls, top each bowl with 1/4 of the chicken and egg mixture, and spoon about 1/2 cup of soup into each bowl.

Submitter: 
User
Description: 
This is a delicious traditional Japanese meal consisting of chicken sauteed and then cooked in a Japanese broth, and then finished with egg and served over rice.  It's really easy, filling and delicious.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
125 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.51
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
40 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
688 calories
14.6
g fat
97.9
g carbohydrates
35.3
g protein
208
mg cholesterol
1226
mg sodium.
