URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/130867/holy-trinity-chili/
Title:
Holy Trinity Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 pounds ground beef
1 (12 ounce) package smoked sausages, cut into bite-sized pieces
9 slices bacon, diced
2 tablespoons minced garlic
2 onions, diced
1 (6 ounce) can tomato paste
1 (14 ounce) can beef broth
1 (28 ounce) can diced tomatoes
1 (15 ounce) can mild chili beans, with sauce
2 (15 ounce) cans pinto beans, drained
3 Anaheim (New Mexico) chile peppers, seeded and minced
3 jalapeno peppers, seeded and minced
3 serrano peppers, seeded and minced
3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce
1/3 cup brown sugar
2 teaspoons chipotle chile powder
2 teaspoons ground cumin
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Brown the ground beef in a large soup pot over medium-high heat until cooked and crumbly; drain and set aside. Brown sausages, then set aside. Reduce heat to medium and stir in bacon. Cook until the bacon has released its fat and is beginning to turn crispy. Stir in garlic and onions, and cook until the onions soften and turn translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in tomato paste to coat the onions.
Pour in beef broth, diced tomatoes, chili beans, and pinto beans. Add the Anaheim peppers, jalapeno peppers, and serrano peppers. Season with Worcestershire, brown sugar, chipotle powder, and cumin. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer for 2 hours, or until thickened, stirring occasionally. Season to taste with salt and pepper, then simmer for 5 additional minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
honeybear
Description: 
From the beautiful union of three meats and three chiles comes a chili that will never let you down - thank the heavens and feel the heat! This is best served with sour cream, cheese, cornbread, and something to cool your mouth off (beer).
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Chili
Beef Chili

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3.5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
2 h 55 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
716 calories
40.7
g fat
50
g carbohydrates
39.2
g protein
117
mg cholesterol
1850
mg sodium.
