URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13240/westcoast-style-clam-chowder/
Title:
Westcoast Style Clam Chowder Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1/2 pound diced bacon
2 small onion, chopped
12 cups water
3 carrots, chopped
4 (6.5 ounce) cans minced clams
2 1/4 cups clam juice
4 potatoes, peeled and cubed
1 teaspoon kosher salt
2 (14.5 ounce) cans stewed tomatoes
1 1/2 teaspoons ground black pepper
4 large stalks celery, chopped
1 cup ketchup
4 cups whole milk
1 1/2 cups dry potato flakes

Directions:
In medium skillet lightly fry bacon over medium heat; drain off fat and discard.  Add onions to bacon and saute approximately 3 minutes.  Do not brown.
In a large stock pot add water and bring to boil.  Once boiling add carrots, baby clams (including liquid), clam juice, potatoes, salt and pepper.
Using a food processor or blender, puree tomatoes.  Add to stock pot along with bacon-onion mixture and bring to boil.
Reduce heat and simmer for 30 minutes or until carrots and potatoes are tender.  Do not overcook.
Stir in celery and ketchup and cook for another 5 minutes.
Slowly add milk, stirring constantly while bringing  just to boiling.
Finally, add instant potato flakes and cook for 3 minutes.
Adjust seasoning to taste. If soup is not to your desired thickness add more instant potato flakes, about 2 tablespoons at a time.
Remove soup from heat and let sit for about 15 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
William Anatooskin
Description: 
A clam chowder soup to be enjoyed.  Uncle Bill's Tips:  Fresh baby clams can be used instead of canned clams.  In order to do this you will need 4 pounds of baby clams in the shell.  First, steam clams in 2 1/2 cups water until they open. (Discard any clams that don't open.)  Save the liquid and pour through a very fine sieve to remove any particles.  Extract clams from the shell and add to soup; as directed in the recipe.  You can also use the left over liquid in place of clam juice.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Chowders
Clam Chowder

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
2
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
213 calories
7.6
g fat
22.1
g carbohydrates
14.4
g protein
38
mg cholesterol
556
mg sodium.
