URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/13304/smoky-cod-and-parsnip-chowder/
Title:
Smoky Cod and Parsnip Chowder Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7211905.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound cod fillets
1/2 pound lightly smoked cod, skin and bones removed
1/2 lemon
1 sprig fresh thyme
1 pound parsnip, chopped
1/2 pound potatoes
3 tablespoons butter
1 onion, chopped
1 cup milk
1 cup heavy whipping cream
salt to taste
ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
If the smoked cod has a strong smoky flavor, soak it in water for 30 minutes, drain, and rinse.
In a large saucepan, cover the cod and smoked cod with water, and add the juice of half a lemon and the thyme.  Bring the cooking liquid to a gentle simmer.  Poach the fish for 8 to 10 minutes, or until the fish is just cooked and tender.  Remove the fish to a bowl, and reserve the poaching liquid.  When the fish has cooled enough to handle, break it into large bite-sized pieces.  Set aside.
While the cod is cooking, peel the parsnips, and cut them into 1/4-inch-thick slices.  Peel the potatoes, cut them into 1/2 inch dice, and place them in a bowl of water to prevent discoloring.
In a large saucepan or kettle, melt 2 tablespoons of butter or margarine over medium heat.  Add onion, and cook until wilted and golden.  Add the parsnips, potatoes, and 3 cups of the reserved poaching liquid.  Bring the mixture to a boil, reduce heat, and cover.  Simmer for 15 minutes, or until the vegetables are tender.
Heat the milk and cream in a small saucepan.  Do not boil.  Stir to the vegetable mixture.
Add cod and smoked cod; stir.  Season with salt and freshly ground pepper to taste.  Just before serving, stir in remaining tablespoon of butter.  Top each serving with freshly ground pepper and chives.

Submitter: 
Wendy
Description: 
A wonderful New England creation, merging the sweetness of parsnips with a smoky cod broth.  Good fish alternatives include haddock, pollack, cusk, or whiting.  Smoked haddock and smoked pollack are good substitutes for the smoked cod.  Use 1 1/2 pounds fresh cod alone if no lightly smoked fish is available.  Great on cool Autumn evenings!  Serve with hot, crusty bread and garnish with fresh chives.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Chowders
Fish Chowder

Number of ratings:
21 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.66666650772095
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
7
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
348 calories
19.2
g fat
22.2
g carbohydrates
22.8
g protein
101
mg cholesterol
437
mg sodium.
