URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/133569/pickled-lime-wedges-achar-limau/
Title:
Pickled Lime Wedges (Achar Limau) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
2 pounds small limes
1 pound assorted fresh chile peppers
1 1/2 cups chopped garlic
1 cup chopped fresh ginger root
3 sprigs fresh curry leaves
2 tablespoons mustard seed
2 tablespoons fenugreek seeds
4 1/2 cups distilled white vinegar
3 cups vegetable oil
1 tablespoon salt, or to taste

Directions:
Heat 1 tablespoon of vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Fry as many of the limes as will comfortably fit in the skillet until the skin changes to a light golden brown. Repeat with remaining oil and limes. Set aside to cool. Wipe off the limes and cut each one into 4 wedges. If you have big limes, cut into 8 wedges.
In the container of a food processor, combine the chile peppers, garlic, ginger, and curry leaves. Blend into a smooth paste, adding a splash of oil if needed.
Heat 3 cups of oil in a wok over medium-high heat. Add the mustard and fenugreek seeds and fry until they pop. Stir in the paste from the food processor and simmer for about 10 minutes over medium heat. Remove from the heat and allow to cool slightly.
Add the lime wedges and vinegar to the oil mixture. Transfer the fruit to sterilized jars or bottles and pour in an equal amount of liquid, making sure the fruit is covered. Stir with a thin spatula to remove air bubbles. Cover with lids and rings, sealing the jars tightly. This pickle can be eaten right away, but improves after a few weeks in a cool dark place.

Submitter: 
LynS
Description: 
Quantities in Australian International Measurements.  This is a staple full-flavored additive in South East Asia to steamed rice or as a sambal to curries from India to Vietnam.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Pickled

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
100
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
71 calories
6.9
g fat
2.5
g carbohydrates
0.4
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
71
mg sodium.
