URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/133581/grandma-arndts-pickles/
Title:
Grandma Arndt's Pickles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6852124.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup kosher salt
4 cups water
10 medium pickling cucumbers, sliced lengthwise into spears
4 cups white sugar
3 cups distilled white vinegar
1 cup water
2 tablespoons whole mustard seeds
2 teaspoons celery seed
1 teaspoon ground dried turmeric
1 tablespoon pickling salt
6 large carrots, peeled and sliced lengthwise into sticks
4 green bell peppers, seeded and cut into strips
4 red bell peppers, seeded and cut into strips

Directions:
Make a brine by dissolving 1/2 cup of salt in 4 cups water in a large container, place the cucumber spears into the brine, and let stand overnight.
The next day, drain the cucumbers, rinse well with water, and set aside.
Combine the sugar, vinegar, 1 cup of water, mustard seeds, celery seed, turmeric, and pickling salt in a large nonreactive pot, and bring to a boil. Add the carrot sticks, and boil for 2 minutes, until the carrots are cooked but not mushy. Stir in the pepper slices and cucumbers, and bring back to a boil.
Sterilize canning jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Pack the pickles into the hot, sterilized jars, filling the jars to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a knife or a thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids, and screw on rings. Process in a boiling water bath canner for 15 minutes, remove the jars, and let cool to room temperature.
Once cool, press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
Mandy007
Description: 
These are the best pickles ever! Grandmas always make the best food! Warning...This recipe is very time-consuming...you'll see...
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Pickled

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3.75
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
10 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
40
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
99 calories
0.3
g fat
24.4
g carbohydrates
0.8
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
1323
mg sodium.
