URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/135545/fire-roasted-vegetarian-gumbo/
Title:
Fire Roasted Vegetarian Gumbo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/795021.jpg
Ingredients:
1 serrano pepper
1 banana pepper
1 small jalapeno chile pepper
1/4 cup canola oil
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
2 tablespoons canola oil
2 celery ribs, chopped
1 large onion, chopped
3 green bell peppers, chopped
1 quart vegetable broth
2 cloves garlic, minced
2 tablespoons Cajun seasoning
1 tablespoon smoked paprika
1 tablespoon file powder
1 cup fire-roasted tomatoes
1 sweet potato, peeled and cubed
parsnip, peeled and cubed
1 cup canned red beans, rinsed and drained
1 cup canned black-eyed peas, rinsed and drained
2 cups frozen cut okra, thawed

Directions:
Preheat oven to broil.
Arrange the serrano, banana, and jalapeno chile peppers on a baking sheet and place in the oven. Watch carefully and broil just until the skins blacken and blister, 4 to 5 minutes. Turn the peppers and continue broiling until all sides are blackened. Remove the peppers from the oven and place in a sealed paper bag to steam. After 15 to 20 minutes, remove peppers from the bag and peel off the crispy black skin. Remove stems and seeds from the  peppers, coarsely chop, and place in a bowl.
Heat the canola oil in a large skillet over medium heat until a pinch of flour sprinkled over the oil just begins to bubble. Whisk in the rest of the flour and cook, whisking continuously, until the mixture is well blended and dark brown, about 20 minutes. Once it becomes dark brown, remove the roux from the heat.
Place 2 tablespoons of canola oil into a deep soup pot and heat over medium-high heat. When the oil is just about to smoke, stir in the celery with half of the onions and bell peppers. Cook and stir until the vegetables are tender and the onion is transparent, about 5 minutes. Stir 1/4 cup of the vegetable broth into the pot. Cover, and simmer until almost all the liquid is evaporated, 10 to 15 minutes.
Stir the serrano, banana, and jalapeno chile peppers, along with the uncooked bell peppers and onions, garlic, Cajun seasoning, smoked paprika file powder, into the cooked bell peppers and onions. Stir the roux and 1 cup of stock into the vegetable mixture until the roux dissolves. Cover and simmer 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes, sweet potato, parsnip, red beans, black-eyed peas, okra, and remaining stock. Simmer uncovered 30 minutes more. Season to taste with salt and pepper.

Submitter: 
JessMacintyre
Description: 
The smokiness from the paprika, roasted peppers, and tomatoes takes the place of andouille sausage in this vegetarian gumbo. With a lot of spice and flavor, this gumbo is a great way to warm up on a cold winter’s night.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Stews
Gumbo

Number of ratings:
13 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.92307686805725
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
268 calories
11.8
g fat
35.7
g carbohydrates
6.8
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
886
mg sodium.
