URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/137782/sekanice-easter-meatloaf/
Title:
Sekanice (Easter Meatloaf) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 (1 1/2) pound loaf of white bread, crusts removed and bread torn into pieces
2 pounds pork shoulder roast
2 pounds veal shoulder roast
2 beef neck bones
2 large carrots, cut into 2 inch pieces
2 stalks celery, cut into 3 pieces
1 large yellow onion, cut into wedges
48 eggs
12 cloves garlic, pressed
3 green onions, chopped
1 cup chopped fresh chives
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Place the torn bread pieces into a bowl and let them dry out overnight.
Wrap the pork shoulder and veal shoulder meat in cheesecloth if you can, and place in a large stock pot. Add the neck bones, celery, carrots and yellow onion. Fill the pot with enough water to cover everything and bring to a boil. Simmer over medium heat until the meat is falling apart, 2 to 3 hours.
Remove the meat from the pot and set aside to cool slightly. Strain the vegetables and neck bones from the broth, reserving the broth and discarding the solids.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Crack the eggs into the bowl with the bread pieces. Shred the meat into small pieces and add to the bowl. Mix in the garlic, green onions and chives. Gradually ladle in the broth while mixing until you have something you can form into a loaf. You will need to use your hands to mix thoroughly. Grease a large roasting pan or two or more smaller baking dishes. Pat the mixture into the prepared pans.
Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the loaf comes out clean, about 40 minutes. It may take as long as an hour, depending on what size pan you are using.

Submitter: 
Kelley W
Description: 
This is a recipe my Bohemian grandmother used to make for Easter every year.  I was fortunate enough to have learned how to make it before she passed away and my family says I nailed her recipe on the head.  The key: lots of garlic and chives and onions!  Sorry the quantity is so large, but I have no idea how to scale it down much more.  My grandma said 'back in the day' there were a lot of Bohemians in the neighborhood and they would use crates of eggs and make the mixture in the bathtub!
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Pork
Shoulder

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
14 h
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
389 calories
18.5
g fat
17.1
g carbohydrates
37
g protein
466
mg cholesterol
407
mg sodium.
