URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/139652/caramelized-onion-and-horseradish-smashed-potatoes/
Title:
Caramelized Onion and Horseradish Smashed Potatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/938671.jpg
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons butter
4  onion, sliced and separated into rings
1 tablespoon white wine vinegar
½ teaspoon ground dried thyme
6 large baking potatoes, peeled and cubed
1 tablespoon Dijon mustard
2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, or to taste
salt and cracked black pepper to taste
¼ cup softened butter
¾ cup half-and-half

Directions:
Melt 3 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onions and cook for 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium, and continue cooking, stirring frequently, until the onions have softened, and achieved a deep brown color, 15 to 25 minutes. Stir in vinegar and thyme, and cook for 5 minutes more.
While the onions are cooking, place cubed potatoes in large pot and cover with salted water. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the potatoes can be pierced easily with a fork, about 20 minutes. Drain the potatoes in a colander, and allow to steam for a minute.
To finish the dish, transfer the potatoes to a serving bowl, and use a potato masher to mix with Dijon mustard, horseradish, salt and cracked black pepper until smooth. Mix in softened butter, caramelized onions, and half-and-half until onions are distributed evenly.

Submitter: 
brightlightz
Description: 
Caramelized onions give this incredible side dish a subtle sweetness, and the addition of horseradish gives it a little attitude! They make an absolutely fabulous side dish to prime rib, and have become a tradition every year at family holiday gatherings! To save time, the caramelized onions can be made ahead of time and refrigerated, then warmed before adding to the potatoes.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
96 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.44
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
50 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
381 calories
13.1
g fat
60.8
g carbohydrates
7.7
g protein
35
mg cholesterol
161
mg sodium.
