URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/140274/grandma-mes-clove-studded-leg-of-lamb/
Title:
Grandma Me's Clove-Studded Leg of Lamb Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 (6 pound) bone-in leg of lamb, trimmed
1 tablespoon whole cloves
1 (12 ounce) can apricot nectar
1 teaspoon salt
1 pinch black pepper
1/4 teaspoon soy sauce
4 slices lemon, for garnish
2 teaspoons cornstarch
1/2 cup water
1 cube vegetable bouillon, crushed

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Using a sharp knife, cut through the narrow end of the lamb leg about 3 inches from the end. Cut through the meat around the bone. Remove and discard this piece, leaving clean exposed bone. You may be able to have your butcher do this for you. Stick cloves into the lamb leg in an even pattern, then place into a shallow, metal roasting pan.
Bake in preheated oven for 2 hours, then drain off fat and drippings. Whisk together apricot nectar, salt, pepper, and soy sauce in a small bowl; pour over lamb leg. Return the lamb to the oven, and bake until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part registers 160 degrees F (71 degrees C) for medium-well doneness, basting frequently. Top the roast with lemon slices, and bake 5 minutes longer.
Remove the lamb to a serving platter, and cover with aluminum foil. Allow to rest 10 to 15 minutes before slicing. Meanwhile, place the roasting pan on the stove over medium heat. Dissolve the cornstarch in the water, and pour into the roasting pan along with the bouillon cube. Cook and stir until the bouillon dissolves, and the sauce thickens and clears, about 1 minute. Remove the cloves and lemon slices before slicing the lamb and serving with the sauce.

Submitter: 
Frann R.
Description: 
My grandmother's tender lamb melts in your mouth and the gravy is great on mashed potatoes or rice. This version stands alone, no need for mint jelly.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Lamb
Leg

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
414 calories
24.6
g fat
8
g carbohydrates
38.3
g protein
138
mg cholesterol
404
mg sodium.
