URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/14051/pasta-with-vietnamese-pesto/
Title:
Pasta with Vietnamese Pesto Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 pound dried rice noodles
1 1/2 cups chopped fresh cilantro
1/2 cup sweet Thai basil
2 cloves garlic, halved
1/2 teaspoon minced lemon grass bulb
1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced
1 tablespoon vegetarian fish sauce
4 tablespoons chopped, unsalted dry-roasted peanuts
7 tablespoons canola oil
1/2 lime, cut into wedges
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Soak rice noodles in a large bowl of cold water for 30 minutes. Drain the noodles, and set them aside.
Make the pesto: In a blender or food processor combine the chopped cilantro, basil, garlic cloves, lemongrass, jalapeno peppers, imitation fish sauce or salt, and 2 tablespoons of the peanuts. Whirl just until the herbs and peanuts are coarsely chopped. While the machine is running add the oil in a thin stream. Then add the remaining peanuts and run the machine in short spurts until the peanuts are coarsely chopped.
Place soaked rice noodles into a large skillet with 1/2 cup water over medium-high heat. Stir until most of the water has been absorbed and the noodles are tender.
Add almost all of the pesto, and stir well, adding a few tablespoons of water if the pesto is clumping.
Taste the pasta and add more pesto, lime juice, imitation fish sauce, salt, or pepper if you like. Garnish the pasta with the remaining 2 tablespoons of peanuts, and serve right away.

Submitter: 
jen
Description: 
I like pasta with pesto because it is a one-bowl, one-pot deal. This is a really yummy pesto. If you can't find fresh lemon grass, use an equal amount of grated lemon zest instead.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Vietnamese

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3.5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
694 calories
29.8
g fat
98.8
g carbohydrates
6.8
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
217
mg sodium.
