URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/140994/japanese-inspired-beef-tenderloin/
Title:
Japanese-Inspired Beef Tenderloin Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
4 (6 ounce) beef tenderloin filets
2 tablespoons salt-free seasoning blend
2 tablespoons soy sauce
2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar
2 tablespoons sesame oil
2 tablespoons ground allspice
1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger
1 tablespoon minced garlic
2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, divided
2 cups shredded napa (Chinese) cabbage
1 cup chopped shiitake mushrooms
1 cup chopped cucumber
1 cup bean sprouts
1/2 cup fresh snow peas, trimmed
1 tablespoon chopped green onions
2 cups chopped fresh spinach leaves
1 cup chopped fresh parsley

Directions:
Rub seasoning blend into both sides of filets and place in a large, resealable plastic bag. In a medium bowl, stir together the soy sauce, rice wine vinegar, sesame oil, allspice, ginger, and garlic. Pour marinade into the bag and shake gently to ensure it coats the meat. Refrigerate filets for at least 3 hours or overnight.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Remove filets from plastic bag and reserve marinade. Use a paper towel to pat the meat dry. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Brown the filets on all sides, about 5 minutes. Place filets onto a baking sheet and bake in preheated oven until they reach an internal temperature of 140 degrees F (60 degrees C) for medium, about 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, in a large skillet over medium heat, heat the remaining olive oil. Stir-fry the cabbage, mushrooms, cucumbers, bean sprouts, snow peas, and green onions until tender, about 4 minutes. Stir in the spinach, parsley, and reserved marinade; cook another 5 minutes.
To serve, divide the vegetables between four plates; cut the filets into thick slices and place on top of vegetables.

Submitter: 
IMANKAY
Description: 
This is a delicious, exciting new way to make your favorite beef tenderloins, marinated in garlic, rice wine vinegar, soy sauce, and sesame oil, and served over cooked spinach, carrots, bean sprouts, mushrooms, and snow peas.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Japanese

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3.25
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
529 calories
40.4
g fat
12.1
g carbohydrates
29.8
g protein
90
mg cholesterol
557
mg sodium.
