URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/141218/garden-pasta/
Title:
Garden Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/975969.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups bias-sliced carrots and/or fresh green or wax beans, cut into 2-inch pieces
4 cups broccoli florets, sweet pepper strips, halved and sliced zucchini or yellow summer squash, and/or fresh asparagus, cut into 2-inch pieces
12 ounces dried fettuccine, linguine, vermicelli or spaghetti
1 small onion, cut into thin wedges
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 tablespoon butter
2 cups reduced fat milk
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
2 ounces prosciutto, cut into thin strips
2 tablespoons snipped fresh basil

Directions:
In a large saucepan, cook carrots and/or beans in a small amount of boiling salted water for 10 minutes. Add the broccoli, sweet pepper, zucchini or yellow summer squash, and/or asparagus. Return to boiling; reduce heat. Cover and cook 3 minutes more or until vegetables are crisp-tender. Drain.
Meanwhile, in a Dutch oven or large pot cook pasta according to package directions. Drain; return to Dutch oven. Add the vegetable mixture to the Dutch oven and keep warm while preparing sauce.
For sauce, in a medium saucepan, cook onion and garlic in hot butter over medium heat for 5 to 8 minutes or until tender. In a medium bowl using a whisk, stir together LACTAID(R) Reduced Fat Milk, flour, salt, and black pepper. Add to onion mixture in saucepan. Cook and stir until thickened and bubbly. Cook and stir for 1 minute more. Stir in the prosciutto and basil. Pour sauce over pasta and vegetables. Toss gently to coat.

Submitter: 
Makers of LACTAID® Brand Products
Description: 
Select your favorite fresh vegetables from your garden or local farmer's market to make this colorful pasta dish.
Categories:
Pasta and Noodles
Pasta by Shape

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
353 calories
8.1
g fat
57.8
g carbohydrates
14.2
g protein
20
mg cholesterol
457
mg sodium.
