URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/141540/chicken-ropa-vieja/
Title:
Chicken Ropa Vieja Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/904644.jpg
Ingredients:
1 ½ pounds skinless, boneless chicken breast
1 small onion, quartered
1  tomato, quartered
1  carrot, peeled and cut into 1 inch pieces
2 cloves garlic, peeled
2 tablespoons olive oil
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 small onion, thinly sliced
½  green bell pepper, seeded and thinly sliced
½  red bell pepper, seeded and thinly sliced
¼ cup tomato puree
¼ cup dry white wine
1 teaspoon ground cumin, or to taste
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Place chicken, onion, tomato, carrot, and 2 cloves of garlic into a large pot. Add water to cover, then bring to a boil. Skim and discard the foam that has floated to the surface. Reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer uncovered until the chicken is tender, 30 to 40 minutes. Place the chicken into a bowl and shred it into strips as thick as a pencil; set aside. Strain the cooking liquid and discard the vegetables.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Stir in the garlic, onions, green peppers, and red peppers. Cook and stir until the vegetables have softened, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in tomato puree, white wine, chicken, and enough of the reserved broth to create a thick sauce. Season with cumin, salt, and pepper. Simmer for about 5 minutes more to reduce the sauce slightly and coat the shredded chicken.

Submitter: 
crcowley
Description: 
Ropa Vieja is a mainstay of the Cuban-American diet. It's traditionally made with skirt steak, a stringy cut of meat with the poetic name fajita (girdle) in Spanish. This recipe uses chicken breast and is fantastic; the leftovers are even better. It is wonderful served with white rice and fried plantains or a pineapple-coconut slaw.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
21 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.05
Prep time: 
40 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 25 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
291 calories
10.6
g fat
10.6
g carbohydrates
34.7
g protein
88
mg cholesterol
151
mg sodium.
