URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/141759/grilled-chicken-skewers-with-mango-and-pineapple/
Title:
Grilled Chicken Skewers with Mango and Pineapple Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/977014.jpg
Ingredients:
3/4 cup Hidden Valley® Organic Ranch dressing
1 canned chipotle chile in adobo sauce, seeded and finely chopped
2 teaspoons adobo sauce (from can, above)
1 tablespoon honey
1 tablespoon fresh lime juice
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 pound chicken tenders, cut into bite-size pieces
1/2 pineapple, rind and core removed, flesh cut into 1-inch chunks
1 large mango, peeled, flesh cut into 1-inch chunks
1 small red onion, quartered and separated into layers
2 tablespoons oil for grilling
1/4 cup roughly chopped cilantro
1 lime, quartered

Directions:
In medium bowl, combine Hidden Valley(R) Organic Ranch dressing, chipotle chile, adobo sauce, honey, lime juice and salt. Stir well.
Assemble 4 skewers from ingredients in following order: onion, chicken, mango, chicken, pineapple, chicken, onion. Repeat twice more to complete the skewer.
Lay skewers in shallow pan. Pour 1/4 cup of marinade into small dish and set aside.  Brush remaining marinade over skewers, coating all sides evenly.  Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate about an hour.
Light charcoal fire and let burn until charcoal is covered with gray ash but still very hot. Or, if using gas grill or grill pan, set on medium-high heat.  When grill grates or grill pan are quite hot, remove skewers from marinade (discard excess marinade in pan); brush lightly with oil.  Lay oiled skewers on hot grates and grill until marked on all four sides and cooked through, 10 - 12 minutes total.
Arrange skewers on serving platter, drizzle with reserved 1/4 cup marinade, garnish with chopped cilantro and serve with lime wedges.

Submitter: 
Hidden Valley® Organic Ranch
Description: 
Chunks of chicken, mango, pineapple, and red onion are threaded on to skewers, marinated in a spicy chipotle ranch sauce, and grilled.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.75
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
491 calories
30.9
g fat
28.1
g carbohydrates
26.1
g protein
80
mg cholesterol
769
mg sodium.
