URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/14207063/asian-garlic-beef-cubes-vietnamiese-bo-luc-lac-or-shaking-beef/
Title:
Asian Garlic Beef Cubes (Vietnamiese Bo Luc Lac or Shaking Beef) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1.5 lb beef (tenderloin is preferred, but lean rib-eye will work as well)
.
Marinade:
1 Teaspoon Oriental Fish Sauce
2 Tablespoons Oyster Sauce  (Maekrua Brand preferred)
1 Tablespoon heavy Red Wine (Cabernet)
2 Tablespoons Olive oil
4-6 Large Cloves of Fresh Garlic - Minced
1-2 teaspoons Black Pepper
2-3 drops of Sesame Oil
1 teaspoon regular soy sauce (Optional)
1 teaspoon dark (thick) soy sauce (Optional)
.
Cooking ingredients:
2 Tablespoons Olive oil
2 Tablespoons Oyster Sauce  (Maekrua Brand preferred)
4-6 Large Cloves of Fresh Garlic - Minced
.
Garnishings (For serving)
1 Red Onion Sliced
8 Leaves of Lettuce or Watercress
2 Tomatoes (Sliced)
.
Dipping Sauce (Optional):
1 Tablespoon Oriental Fish Sauce
1 Tablespoon Lemon Juice
1 Tablespoon Black Pepper
.

Directions:
Cut the beef into cubes (~1 inch) and put into sealed container. (Tupperware / Ziploc)
Mix the marinade ingredients and add to beef cubes. (Let sit 10-30 mins)
Mix Dipping Sauce while meat is in marinade.
Add remaining olive oil to a wok and put on high heat.
Add Beef when oil is hot for a quick stir fry. Cook the beef cubes (including marinade) quickly adding minced Garlic and Oyster sauce as needed.  Adding garlic over several times during cooking will produce a better mix flavors.  Sauce will thicken as cooking continues.  Remove from heat quickly when done.
Can be served on a bed of lettuce, onions and tomatoes if desired with White Jasmine or Thai Sticky Rice.
Use dipping sauce for dipping cubes or sprinkle over dish as served for a more interesting taste combination.

Submitter: 
Chip Phelps
Description: 
Delicious beef cubes that offer a variety of flavors and are usually the first to go in any of our dinners.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
60
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
