URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/142193/breaded-chicken-limone/
Title:
Breaded Chicken Limone Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/4578274.jpg
Ingredients:
4  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - pounded to 1/2 inch thickness
2  eggs, lightly beaten
1 cup all-purpose flour
2 cups bread crumbs
salt and pepper to taste
1 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1 tablespoon olive oil
4 tablespoons butter, divided
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 (10 ounce) package frozen Brussels sprouts, thawed and diced
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
¾ cup water
2 tablespoons lemon juice
1 (16 ounce) can navy beans, drained
1 tablespoon white sugar
¼ cup grated Parmesan cheese
1 teaspoon salt
ground black pepper to taste
1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, for garnish
2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese for topping

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Season flour, eggs, and bread crumbs with salt and pepper. Mix cayenne pepper into the flour only. Dip each breast into flour, then into the beaten eggs, and then into the bread crumbs, coating evenly. Place onto a greased cookie sheet. Bake for 15 minutes on each side or until brown and crispy.
While chicken bakes, heat oil and 2 tablespoons of the butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and Brussels sprouts and stir until garlic releases its fragrance and sprouts are heated through, about 2 minutes.
Stir in the flour. Then add the water, lemon juice, drained beans, and sugar. Stir over medium heat until sauce thickens, about 8 minutes. Add additional water if sauce is too thick. Remove from the heat and stir in remaining butter, 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese, salt and pepper.
Place each piece of chicken onto a serving plate. Spoon the sauce over it and garnish with chopped parsley and remaining Parmesan cheese.

Submitter: 
Navy S.
Description: 
At a highly-rated Italian restaurant chain I ordered the Veal Limone with Tuscan Beans and Escarole. It was amazing, but a bit pricey. So I made my own recipe with easier-to-find and affordable ingredients: chicken breasts, navy beans, and Brussels sprouts.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
17 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.88
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
40 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
871 calories
27.7
g fat
100.4
g carbohydrates
55.4
g protein
203
mg cholesterol
1808
mg sodium.
