URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/142644/crispy-green-beans-with-horseradish-wasabi-dip/
Title:
Crispy Green Beans with Horseradish-Wasabi Dip Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/698324.jpg
Ingredients:
½ cup buttermilk ranch dressing
¼ cup peeled, seeded, and finely chopped cucumber
1 tablespoon milk
1 ½ teaspoons prepared horseradish
1 teaspoon wasabi powder (optional)
⅛ teaspoon salt
1 pinch cayenne pepper
4 cups vegetable broth
½ pound fresh green beans, trimmed
1  egg, lightly beaten
1 cup milk
1 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup dry bread crumbs
¾ tablespoon salt
½ teaspoon ground black pepper
¼ teaspoon garlic powder
½ teaspoon onion powder
vegetable oil for frying

Directions:
Make the dip by combining the buttermilk ranch dressing, cucumber, milk, horseradish, wasabi, salt, and cayenne pepper into a blender. Blend on low until well mixed. Pour into a small bowl and refrigerate. The dip will thicken as it chills.
Place the broth in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the beans, cover, and bring to a boil; reduce heat to medium and simmer until beans are bright green and tender, about 8 minutes. Immediately drain beans into a colander and rinse under cold water. Set aside to cool.
Combine the beaten egg with milk in a shallow bowl. Place the flour in another shallow bowl. In a third shallow bowl, combine the bread crumbs, salt, black pepper, garlic powder, and onion powder. Working with a handful of beans at a time, dip each bean first into flour, then into the egg mixture, and then into the bread crumb mixture. Place beans on a plate until all are coated.
Heat 1 1/2 inches of oil in a deep skillet (or use a deep fat fryer) over medium-high heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Fry the beans several at a time, without crowding, until golden brown. Drain on paper towels and cool. Serve with horseradish-wasabi dip.

Submitter: 
Grace Philpot
Description: 
These Southern-style, crispy fried green beans are sure to become your favorite appetizer in no time. My family and friends BEG me to make them!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
11 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.36
Prep time: 
35 mins
Ready in:
50 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
618 calories
36.9
g fat
58.1
g carbohydrates
13.2
g protein
60
mg cholesterol
2381
mg sodium.
