URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/142847/almond-cream-crepes/
Title:
Almond Cream Crepes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Almond filling:
1/3 cup granulated sugar
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 cup reduced fat milk
1 egg
1 egg yolk
1 tablespoon butter
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/4 teaspoon almond extract
1/4 cup finely chopped toasted almonds
Crepes:
2 beaten eggs
1 1/2 cups reduced fat milk
1 cup all-purpose flour
2 tablespoons granulated sugar
1 tablespoon cooking oil
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 tablespoon shortening
1/4 cup sliced almonds, toasted
1/2 cup sifted powdered sugar
Mixed fresh berries (optional)

Directions:
For filling, in a small saucepan combine the 1/3 cup granulated sugar and the 3 tablespoons flour. Add the 1 cup LACTAID(R) Reduced Fat Milk; cook and stir until thickened and bubbly. Cook and stir 1 to 2 minutes more. Beat the whole egg and the 1 egg yolk together slightly. Gradually stir half of the hot mixture into the beaten eggs. Return all of the mixture to the saucepan. Cook and stir over low heat for 2 minutes (do not boil). Remove from heat. Stir in the 1 tablespoon butter, the 1 teaspoon vanilla, the almond extract, and the finely chopped toasted almonds. Cover and set aside.
For crepes, combine the 2 beaten eggs, 1 1/2 cups LACTAID(R) Reduced Fat Milk, 1 cup flour, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, oil, and 1/2 teaspoon vanilla; beat until well mixed. Lightly grease a 6-inch skillet with some shortening. Heat skillet over medium heat; remove from heat. Spoon in 2 tablespoons batter; lift and tilt skillet to spread batter. Return to heat; brown on 1 side only. (Or, cook on a crepe maker according to manufacturers directions.) Invert over paper towels; remove crepe. Repeat with remaining batter to make 20 crepes, greasing skillet occasionally.
To assemble, spread about 1 tablespoon of the filling onto one half of each crepe; fold other half over filling, then fold in half again to form a triangle. Serve immediately or cover and chill until serving time. Sprinkle with sliced almonds and powdered sugar. If desired, serve with fresh berries.

Submitter: 
Makers of LACTAID® Brand Products
Description: 
A French import, crepes epitomize elegance in desserts. In this rendition, the ultra-thin pancakes are stuffed with a scrumptious almond filling and folded into triangles.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
246 calories
10.1
g fat
32.2
g carbohydrates
7.1
g protein
84
mg cholesterol
56
mg sodium.
