URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/142960/everything-but-the-kitchen-sink-casserole/
Title:
Everything But the Kitchen Sink Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 (16 ounce) can chicken broth
1 (1 ounce) package garlic and mushroom soup mix
2 tablespoons prepared mustard
1 tablespoon honey
1 1/2 cups uncooked brown rice
1 1/2 cups cooked and cubed ham
1 pound cubed cooked chicken breast
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 onion, diced
3 cloves garlic, minced
3 celery ribs, finely chopped
2 carrots, peeled and diced
1 (14.5 ounce) can diced tomatoes with garlic and onion
2 tablespoons dry Marsala wine
1 teaspoon dried parsley flakes
1/2 teaspoon crushed bay leaf
1 teaspoon dried basil
1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper (optional)
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme
1 (8 ounce) container sour cream
1 cup dried plain breadcrumbs (optional)
6 ounces fresh mozzarella, grated (optional)
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a baking dish.
Stir the chicken broth, mushroom soup mix, mustard, and honey together in a bowl until thoroughly blended. Set aside.
Spread the rice evenly over the bottom of the prepared baking dish. Cover the rice with a layer of ham, then the chicken.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Stir in the onion, garlic, celery, and carrots; cook until onion is transparent and caramelized, about 5 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes, and cook 5 minutes more. Spoon the vegetables evenly over the chicken in the baking dish. Deglaze the skillet by adding the Marsala wine; cook and stir over medium heat to loosen any browned pieces of vegetables from the bottom. Let the liquid cool slightly, then stir into the chicken broth mixture. Pour the chicken broth mixture over the vegetables in the baking dish. Sprinkle with parsley, bay leaf, basil, cayenne pepper, and thyme. Cover the baking dish with foil.
Bake the casserole in preheated oven until top bubbles, about 50 minutes. Remove the foil, and stir in the sour cream. Sprinkle mozzarella cheese and bread crumbs evenly over the top. Bake, uncovered, 10 minutes more.

Submitter: 
Angie
Description: 
Chicken, veggies, Marsala wine and mozzarella come together to make a delicious, savory casserole. Sometimes I leave the cheese off and put out a bowl, so it can be added as needed. If you're planning on keeping leftovers, I recommend doing this so the cheese doesn't get gummy.
Categories:
Main Dish
Pork
Ham
Honey

Number of ratings:
7 Ratings
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
1 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
526 calories
19.9
g fat
52.7
g carbohydrates
32.6
g protein
85
mg cholesterol
1451
mg sodium.
