URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/143242/peach-beehives-with-hard-sauce/
Title:
Peach Beehives with Hard Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/266518.jpg
Ingredients:
4 small ripe peaches, washed and dried
1 (9 inch) prepared, unbaked pie crust, thawed
1/4 cup butter
1/2 cup confectioners' sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/4 teaspoon ground allspice
1 pinch salt
1/4 cup heavy cream

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C). Lightly grease the bottom of a shallow baking pan.
Unroll the prepared pie crust onto a lightly floured surface, and cut into 1/2 inch wide strips. Place peach stem side down, and wrap strips of dough--over-lapping rows--around the fruit so it's completely covered. For ease, twirl the peach while holding the pastry in place and overlap rows. When completely wrapped, the peach will resemble a beehive. Make sure the entire peach is covered and sealed inside the crust. Repeat with remaining peaches. Arrange the wrapped peaches in a shallow baking pan.
Bake peaches in preheated oven until crust turns golden brown, 35 to 40 minutes.
Meanwhile, cream butter with 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar in a mixing bowl until light and fluffy. Beat in the vanilla extract, allspice, salt, and heavy cream until well blended. Stir in the remaining 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar.
To serve, place baked peaches in serving bowls. Slice each peach in half and remove the pits. Spoon hard sauce over the peach halves.

Submitter: 
Linda B. II
Description: 
These wonderful beehives melt in your mouth! Make sure each peach is completely wrapped and sealed in the pie dough strips. This way the peach skin practically dissolves during baking. This dessert is delicious, rich and different, a treat your family and company will enjoy.
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Peach Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.44444465637207
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
calories
fat
carbohydrates
protein
cholesterol
sodium.
