URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/143384/gailan-chinese-broccoli-with-tofu/
Title:
Gailan (Chinese Broccoli) with Tofu Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 (16 ounce) package firm tofu, quartered lengthwise
1/4 cup oyster sauce
2 tablespoons soy sauce
2 tablespoons white sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, or to taste
2 tablespoons water
1 tablespoon cornstarch
2 tablespoons peanut oil
2 tablespoons fresh peeled and chopped ginger
2 tablespoons chopped garlic
1 pound gailan (Chinese broccoli), cut into 1-inch pieces
1/2 cup water
5 drops sesame oil, or to taste

Directions:
Place tofu slices between layers of paper towels. Place a baking sheet over the tofu. Set a 3- to 5-pound weight on top (a container filled with water works well). Press tofu for 20 to 30 minutes; drain and discard the accumulated liquid.
Combine oyster sauce, soy sauce, sugar salt, and red pepper flakes in a bowl. Whisk sauce until sugar is completely dissolved.
Whisk 2 tablespoons water with cornstarch in a separate bowl to make a slurry.
Heat peanut oil in a large wok over medium-high heat. Cook and stir ginger and garlic until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add gailan; toss to evenly distribute ginger and garlic. Add water and cover; steam for about 2 minutes. Stir in the sauce, tossing quickly to coat. Reduce heat to medium; cook for 1 minute.
Stir the slurry briefly; add to the gailan. Cook and stir until sauce is thickened, 2 to 3 minutes. Garnish with sesame oil.

Submitter: 
Seattle Dad
Description: 
Gailan is a great leafy green vegetable that makes for a great stir-fry. Made this for dinner and couldn't wait to have the leftovers the next day for lunch. Serve with rice or tossed with your favorite noodle. I'm not a vegetarian or anything, but like the value and ease of preparation of tofu in place of chicken.
Categories:
Main Dish
Stir-Fry

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
42 m
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
436 calories
25
g fat
32.9
g carbohydrates
28.5
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
1652
mg sodium.
