URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/143309/toasted-strawberry-cream-cheese-breakfast-sandwiches/
Title:
Toasted Strawberry-Cream Cheese Breakfast Sandwiches Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/78743.jpg
Ingredients:
2 ½ cups fresh strawberries, cleaned, hulled and sliced
¾ cup pink sparkling wine
1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened
¾ cup finely chopped white chocolate
2 teaspoons finely grated orange zest
2 tablespoons fresh orange juice
8 slices cinnamon raisin bread
2 tablespoons butter
½ cup maple syrup

Directions:
Place the strawberries in a bowl with the sparkling wine and let marinate at least 20 minutes. Drain the strawberries, reserving the sparkling wine. Set aside 1/2 cup of strawberries for a garnish.
Meanwhile, combine the cream cheese, white chocolate, orange zest, and orange juice in a separate bowl; stir and blend until smooth.
Spread 4 slices of raisin bread with the cream cheese mixture. Arrange the drained strawberries over the cream cheese. Top with remaining 4 slices of raisin bread to make a sandwich.
Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Place the sandwiches in the skillet; cook until lightly toasted on each side, about 2 minutes per side.
Place the toasted sandwiches on serving plates, and cut in half. Drizzle evenly with maple syrup, and garnish with remaining strawberries. Serve with the reserved sparkling wine.

Submitter: 
Ange Rayner
Description: 
I first made this for my Mum for Mother's Day three years ago. Now she'll never let me cook her anything else for the occasion. Sweet, yummy strawberries, cream cheese, white chocolate, and pink sparkling wine makes a perfect girly breakfast! Garnish the champagne glasses with a strawberry.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
14 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.57
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 6 mins
Number of servings: 
20 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
746 calories
38.5
g fat
84.9
g carbohydrates
11.1
g protein
84
mg cholesterol
446
mg sodium.
