URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/144494/pollo-arvejado-galician-chicken/
Title:
Pollo Arvejado (Galician Chicken) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/5288586.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 (3 pound) whole chicken, cut into 6 pieces
½  onion, diced
3 cloves garlic, chopped
½ cup white wine
1 cup chicken broth
3  carrots, diced
1 (16 ounce) package frozen green peas
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon paprika
salt and pepper to taste
3 large baking potatoes, peeled and cubed
¼ cup olive oil

Directions:
Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a large deep pot or Dutch oven set over medium-high heat. Add the chicken pieces and fry on all sides until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Add the onion and garlic; cook and stir until tender, about 2 minutes. Pour in the wine and stir to loosen any bits of food that are stuck to the bottom of the pot.
Pour in the chicken broth and bring to a boil. Add carrots and peas, and season with cumin, paprika, salt and pepper. Reduce heat to low, cover and simmer for 25 minutes, or until the chicken easily pulls away from the bone.
Heat the remaining olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Fry potatoes in the oil, stirring frequently, until tender. Adjust heat as needed to keep them from burning. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Season with salt and pepper.
To serve, place a piece of chicken onto each plate, spoon some of the carrots and peas with the cooking liquid over it and top with a spoonful of fried potatoes.

Submitter: 
PattyQ
Description: 
This is a traditional dish passed in my family from generation to generation - for more than 300 years!  All the way from Galicia, via Chile, to you. This dish can be also made with lamb ribs - delicious recipe for a complete meal!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
8 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.25
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
583 calories
28.9
g fat
48.3
g carbohydrates
29.4
g protein
62
mg cholesterol
339
mg sodium.
