URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/145361/shortbread-jamwiches/
Title:
Shortbread Jamwiches Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/985779.jpg
Ingredients:
2 1/2 cups PILLSBURY BEST® All Purpose or Unbleached Flour
1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, cut into tablespoon-sized pieces
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 cup SMUCKER'S® Seedless Red Raspberry Jam, or your favorite flavor

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.
Sift flour; set aside.
Beat butter with electric mixer on medium-high speed until creamy, about 5 minutes. Gradually add sugar and continue beating on high speed until very light and fluffy; the mixture should be almost white in color. Beat in vanilla.
Beat in flour mixture in three additions, mixing until dough has come together, scraping down bowl once or twice.
Roll out on floured surface to 1/8-inch thickness. Cut out cookies using 1 1/4-inch fluted-edge round cookie cutter (or cookie cutter of your choice). Transfer to prepared cookie sheet spacing cookies1-inch apart and refrigerate for 1 hour or overnight, if desired.
Bake about 10 to 12 minutes or until the edges are just turning very light golden brown, but the tops of the cookies should remain as white as possible. Slide parchment onto cooling racks to cool cookies completely. (Cookies may be stored at room temperature in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks).
Spread a bit of jam or jelly (about 1/4 teaspoon) on the bottom of a cookie and sandwich with another cookie.

Submitter: 
Smucker's®
Description: 
These tiny cookies can be filled with your favorite Smucker's jam or jelly. The dough is a rich, buttery shortbread. This recipe makes a lot of cookies so there will be plenty on hand for the holidays.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
2.25
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
84
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
47 calories
2.2
g fat
6.4
g carbohydrates
0.4
g protein
6
mg cholesterol
16
mg sodium.
