URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/145534/spicy-fried-shrimp/
Title:
Spicy Fried Shrimp Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 red onion, sliced
1 pound uncooked medium shrimp, peeled and deveined
1 teaspoon ground turmeric, or to taste
salt to taste
1/4 cup water, or as needed
olive oil for frying
1 tablespoon butter, or as needed
3 jalapeno peppers, thinly sliced
2 1/2 tablespoons ginger-garlic paste
2 1/2 teaspoons cayenne pepper
2 tablespoons ground coriander
1 tablespoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
5 tablespoons lime juice
1 tablespoon white vinegar
1 teaspoon soy sauce
1/2 teaspoon red food coloring
1 cinnamon stick
2 teaspoons poppy seeds
1 teaspoon coconut milk powder
2 cardamom pods
2 whole cloves
1 star anise pod
1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano
1/2 teaspoon dried rosemary

Directions:
Puree red onion in a blender or food processor.
Season shrimp with about 1/2 of the turmeric and salt.
Heat a skillet over medium heat. Add shrimp, the remaining turmeric, and water. Season with salt; simmer until water evaporates, 6 to 8 minutes.
Heat oil and butter in a separate skillet over medium heat. Add pureed onions, jalapenos, ginger-garlic paste, cayenne pepper, coriander, cumin, and black pepper. Cook and stir until golden brown, about 7 minutes.
Combine cinnamon stick, poppy seeds, coconut milk powder, cardamom, cloves, star anise, nutmeg, oregano, and rosemary in a separate saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring frequently, until masala is aromatic, 5 to 7 minutes.
Pour masala into the onion-jalapeno mixture; cook, covered, over medium heat until flavors blend, about 7 minutes. Add shrimp, lime juice, vinegar, soy sauce, and red food coloring; cook and stir until flavors are absorbed, about 5 minutes more.

Submitter: 
kanthi sharma
Description: 
Medium-large shrimp cooked in a rich blend of spices and pureed red onions in a skillet...ready to be served with Indian breads and saffron rice. Garnish with lime, sliced red onions, and cilantro. Can sprinkle a few drops of lime juice to give it a kick.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Indian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
335 calories
21
g fat
11.9
g carbohydrates
20.8
g protein
180
mg cholesterol
663
mg sodium.
