URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/14585/grilled-shrimp-and-chicken-pasta/
Title:
Grilled Shrimp and Chicken Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/1307473.jpg
Ingredients:
¼ teaspoon poultry seasoning
¼ teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste
⅛ teaspoon ground white pepper
⅛ teaspoon onion powder
1 tablespoon garlic powder
2 tablespoons butter
1 cup heavy cream
½ cup milk
1 pound linguine pasta
1 tablespoon olive oil
½ cup white wine
4  skinless, boneless chicken breasts
8 ounces shrimp
grated Romano cheese (optional)

Directions:
In a small bowl, mix together the poultry seasoning, cayenne pepper, white pepper, onion powder, and garlic powder. Divide spice mixture in half.
In a small skillet, melt butter over low heat. Slowly stir in cream and milk, and 1/2 of spice mixture. Continue cooking over low heat, stirring frequently, until slightly reduced and thickened to desired sauce consistency. Remove from heat, and set aside.
Preheat grill to high heat. Meanwhile, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook pasta in boiling water for 8 to 10 minutes, or until al dente. Drain, and set aside.
In a large skillet, heat olive oil over medium-high heat. Carefully stir in wine and remaining spice mixture. Place chicken breasts in the skillet, and cook for 16 to 20 minutes, or until no longer pink in center and juices run clear. Remove from heat and set aside.
Lightly oil grill grate. Cook shrimp on preheated grill for 3 to 4 minutes, or until slightly opaque. Serve each chicken breast on a bed of linguine topped with grilled shrimp. Ladle generously with cream sauce. Garnish with Romano cheese, if desired. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Joyce
Description: 
A wonderful creamy pasta in a delicious wine sauce, loaded with grilled shrimp and chicken. This recipe is similar to that of a famous steakhouse which shall remain anonymous! Don't be a 'chicken' - try it!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
48 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.27
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 5 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
937 calories
39.2
g fat
88.5
g carbohydrates
53.2
g protein
257
mg cholesterol
307
mg sodium.
