URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/146002/buffalo-tofu-sandwiches/
Title:
Buffalo Tofu Sandwiches Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1 (8 ounce) container tofu, frozen for at least 36 hours
⅔ cup cornflake crumbs
⅓ teaspoon cayenne pepper
⅓ cup all-purpose flour
¼ cup egg substitute (such as Egg Beaters(<sup>&reg;</sup>))
2 tablespoons canola oil
2 tablespoons buttery spread (such as Smart Balance(<sup>&reg;</sup>))
3 tablespoons hot sauce, or to taste

Directions:
Place tofu in a microwave-safe bowl; heat on defrost setting for about 10 minutes. Cut into 4 slices no more than 1/2-inch thick each.
Arrange tofu slices side-by-side on paper towel-lined cutting board. Wrap paper towel around the tofu. Place a plate on top; set a 3- to 5-pound weight on the plate (a container filled with water works well). Press tofu for 20 to 30 minutes; drain and discard the accumulated liquid.
Mix corn flakes and cayenne pepper together in a bowl. Place flour and egg substitute in 2 separate bowls.
Heat oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Dredge the tofu slices in the flour, the egg substitute, and then the corn flake mixture; immediately place slices in the skillet. Cook until crisp and lightly browned, about 3 minutes per side. Drain on a paper-towel lined plate. Pour out excess oil and crumbs from the skillet.
Melt buttery spread in the skillet over low heat. Turn off the heat and mix in the hot sauce. Dip tofu in the sauce briefly until coated on both sides.

Submitter: 
Sara
Description: 
I try to eat vegetarian but love hot wings. Then, I tried this sandwich at a restaurant in Denver and knew that I had found my fix. After some trial and error, I came up with this recipe. I like to put a little mayo on my buns. Also, I like to use low-fat substitutes, but of course full-fat originals can also be enjoyed. Serve 2 slices to a bun.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
1 day
Number of servings: 
1 day
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
496 calories
28.7
g fat
46.4
g carbohydrates
16.2
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
942
mg sodium.
