URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/146711/grilled-chicken-and-artichoke-soup/
Title:
Grilled Chicken and Artichoke Soup Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F1024576.jpg
Ingredients:
1 ounce dried porcini mushrooms
1 cup boiling water
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
salt and pepper to taste
6 cups chicken broth
½ cup sun-dried tomatoes (not packed in oil), snipped into small pieces
2 tablespoons tomato paste
⅓ cup olive oil
2 cloves cloves garlic, minced
1  red onion, minced
2 (13.75 ounce) cans artichoke bottoms, drained and chopped
¼ teaspoon black pepper
½ cup chopped fresh parsley
2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice
½ cup dry white wine
½ cup grated Parmesan cheese, or to taste

Directions:
Place the dried mushrooms into the boiling water and set aside until softened, about 20 minutes. Once softened, squeeze excess water from mushrooms and finely chop. Reserve the mushroom-flavored water.
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil grate.
Season chicken breasts with salt and pepper. Grill chicken breasts until no longer pink in the center, about 6 minutes per side. Once cooked, set aside.
Pour chicken broth into a large pot, and bring to a boil over high heat. Stir in sun-dried tomatoes, tomato paste, and reserved mushroom liquid. Reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer for 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Stir in garlic and onion, and cook until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in the chopped mushrooms, artichokes, pepper, parsley, lemon juice, and white wine. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat and simmer 10 minutes; add to the simmering chicken broth.
Slice the grilled chicken breasts into strips and stir into the simmering soup. Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese before serving.

Submitter: 
ruthietoothie9
Description: 
This zesty soup is perfect for a cold, blustery day. Use rotisserie chicken instead of chicken breasts to make things simpler if you like. Serve this hot with some fresh garlic bread for the perfect meal.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
4 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.5
Prep time: 
50 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 30 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
263 calories
12.1
g fat
17.6
g carbohydrates
19.3
g protein
37
mg cholesterol
806
mg sodium.
