URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/14792/chinese-new-year-turnip-cake/
Title:
Chinese New Year Turnip Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
8 ounces Chinese dried mushrooms, soaked overnight in water
1/3 cup dried shrimp, soaked in water overnight and drained
1 pound pork sausage, sliced
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
2 slices fresh ginger root
3 turnips, shredded
1 1/2 teaspoons Chinese five-spice powder
2 teaspoons salt
1/2 teaspoon chicken bouillon granules
1 tablespoon ground white pepper
2/3 pound white rice flour

Directions:
Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a wok or large skillet over high heat. Add mushrooms, shrimp and sausages and saute for 1/2 minute. Remove from skillet and set aside. Heat 1 more tablespoon oil in wok/skillet. Add ginger and saute a bit. Add shredded turnips and stir fry for about 3 minutes (do NOT remove turnip water). Add 5-spice powder, salt, chicken bouillon and white pepper and toss all together until evenly distributed. Extract ginger slices from mixture.
Turn off heat. Top turnip mixture with rice flour and use chopsticks to toss and mix flour in evenly. Add reserved sausage mixture and toss to mix in. Remove mixture from wok/skillet and place into a 9x2 inch deep round cake pan.
Clean wok/skillet, fill with water and bring to a boil. Place cake pan on a round wire rack over boiling water. Reduce heat to low and let simmer, steaming cake 'batter', for 45 minutes. (Note: you can also use a large bamboo steamer if you have one). When 'cake' is steamed through, slice into pieces and serve hot OR cool on wire rack before covering tightly with plastic wrap and placing in refrigerator to chill.

Submitter: 
Carol, Chung Chi Wa
Description: 
This recipe is handed down from my mom's mom. This is NOT a dessert (not sweet), but more like a 'quick bread' for the Chinese. This 'cake' is usually made and eaten during the Chinese New Year or its slices are usually found all year round among the DIM-SUMs in the Chinese restaurants. You can chill it in the fridge, but it should always be eaten HOT after re-heating either in the microwave, or frying in a few tablespoons of oil. This cake can be kept for 1 week in the fridge (but usually it's finished within a day!!)
Categories:
Bread
Quick Bread

Number of ratings:
10 Ratings
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
629 calories
29.9
g fat
74.7
g carbohydrates
19.1
g protein
62
mg cholesterol
1504
mg sodium.
