URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/149467/kelloggs-rice-krispies-treats-holiday-house/
Title:
Kellogg's® Rice Krispies Treats® Holiday House Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/976343.jpg
Ingredients:
6 tablespoons margarine or butter, divided
2 (10 ounce) packages regular marshmallows
12 cups Kellogg's® Rice Krispies® cereal or Kellogg's® Cocoa Krispies™ cereal, divided
Optional Ingredients:
Prepared frosting
Gumdrops
Candy-coated milk chocolate pieces
Red cinnamon candies
Powdered sugar
Candy sprinkles
Decorating gel (red and white)

Directions:
Melt 3 tablespoons of the margarine in large saucepan over low heat. Add 1 package (10 oz., about 40) marshmallows and stir until completely melted. When marshmallows are melted, increase heat to medium and cook and stir 2 minutes longer or until mixture starts to boil. Remove from heat.
Add 6 cups of the Kellogg's(R) Rice Krispies(R) cereal. Stir until well coated.
Using buttered spatula or waxed paper, quickly press mixture evenly into 13 x 9 x 2-inch pan coated with cooking spray. Set aside.
While mixture is cooling, repeat steps 1 and 2 with remaining margarine, marshmallows and cereal, pressing mixture evenly into 15 1/2 x 10 1/2 x 1-inch pan coated with cooking spray.
Turn the first pan of Kellogg's(R) Rice Krispies(R) cereal mixture onto a foil-lined tray with right side up. This will be the base of the house.
Cut the second pan of cereal mixture into six 5 x 3 1/2-inch pieces while still in pan.
Remove the 6 cut pieces from the pan. Set aside the remainder of mixture for chimney, door and windows.
With one piece lying vertically, cut top corners off at an angle to form peak of house. Repeat with second piece to form back wall. Side walls lying horizontally should match bottom of angle cut in height. Place the six pieces about 1 inch apart on baking sheet coated with cooking spray.
Bake at 250 degrees F about 25 minutes. Remove from oven. Reshape pieces with knife or spatula. Cool completely. Remove pieces from pan.
Generously pipe frosting on each end of the side walls. Stand front wall in the center of house base. Attach right side wall. Then attach back and left side walls. There should be four cereal walls standing.
To attach roof, pipe prepared frosting around the top edges of the front and back walls. Attach remaining two 5 x 3 1/2-inch pieces to form roof. Use reserved pieces to make, chimney, door and window.
Use a dot of prepared frosting to attached decorations to the house. Use red and white gum drops to decorate the sides of the house. Decorate the edge of the house base by alternately attaching red and green gum drops with prepared frosting. Attach red cinnamon candy around the front wall of the house. Dust with powdered sugar to resemble snow. Decorate as desired.

Submitter: 
Kellogg's® Rice Krispies®
Description: 
This festive holiday house decorated with your favorite candies is fun to build and even more fun to eat.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
3 h 30 m
Ready in:
4 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
