URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/149743/chicken-and-coconut-in-banana-leaves/
Title:
Chicken and Coconut in Banana Leaves Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1 teaspoon low-sodium soy sauce
1 teaspoon barbeque sauce
1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger
¾ cup coconut milk
2  chicken drumsticks
2  chicken thighs
2  yellow plantains, peeled and cut into 3/4 inch slices
1  sweet potato, peeled and cut into thick sticks
1  fresh, unsplit banana leaf

Directions:
Whisk together soy sauce, barbeque sauce, ginger, and coconut. Pour over chicken drumsticks, thighs, plantain, and sweet potato in a resealable plastic bag. Seal, and marinate 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Gently warm the whole banana leaf over a fire or gas burner until the leaf is pliable, but not burnt, 3 to 4 minutes. Cut the leaf into four large squares, measuring at least 12x12 inches. Carefully cut four long, thin strips from the rib of the leaf, these will be used as 'string' to tie the packets later.
Place a piece of meat onto each banana leaf square, and evenly divide the vegetables on top. Pour in any remaining marinade, and fold the leaves around the chicken like a present. Securely tie with the rib strips, and place the packets onto a baking sheet.
Bake in preheated oven until the chicken is tender and no longer pink in the center, about 1 hour. Check the packets occasionally to make sure they do not burn.

Submitter: 
Craig Nanango
Description: 
This is based on a style of cooking that I experienced in Papua New Guinea, however I adapted it slightly to suit Western cooking methods.  It basically involves making banana leaf parcels in which to bake the ingredients. Serve parcels on plates, bamboo mats, or more traditionally fresh green banana leaves. Enjoy with a very cold beer (preferably of Tropical origin) although a bottle of Chardonnay has a lot of appeal as well!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
3 Ratings
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
2 hrs 5 mins
Number of servings: 
30 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
740 calories
33.8
g fat
73.9
g carbohydrates
42.1
g protein
127
mg cholesterol
282
mg sodium.
