URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/150549/pom-broiled-salmon-with-garlic-smashed-potatoes/
Title:
POM-Broiled Salmon with Garlic-Smashed Potatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/982306.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon juice from large POM Wonderful速 Pomegranate,* or POM Wonderful速 100% Pomegranate Juice
4 (6 ounce) salmon fillets
2 tablespoons olive oil
2 tablespoons grainy Dijon mustard
1 tablespoon cracked black pepper
1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley
1 teaspoon chopped fresh dill
1 teaspoon lemon zest
1 1/2 pounds red potatoes
2 cloves garlic, crushed
1/2 cup hot milk or cream
2 tablespoons butter (optional)
salt and pepper to taste
Garnish:
1/4 cup arils from large POM Wonderful速 Pomegranate**

Directions:
Preheat broiler.
Prepare garnish - Score fresh pomegranates and place in a bowl of water. Break open the pomegranates under water to free the arils (seed sacs). The arils will sink to the bottom of the bowl and the membrane will float to the top. Sieve and put the arils in a separate bowl. (Refrigerate or freeze any remaining arils for another use.)
Prepare fresh pomegranate juice.*
Wash potatoes and cut into 2-inch cubes (it is not necessary to peel the potatoes). Boil potatoes in a large pot of water, about 30 minutes.
During the last 10 minutes that the potatoes are cooking, place salmon filets on a greased broiler pan. Brush each filet with olive oil and sprinkle with salt. Mix one tablespoon of pomegranate juice with mustard and cracked black pepper. Spread the pomegranate-mustard mixture on each filet.
Mix together parsley, dill and lemon zest to make gremolada. Set aside.
Broil filets 4 to 5 minutes per side or until flaky when tested with a sharp knife. Set filets aside; keep warm.
Drain potatoes when soft enough to be pierced with a fork; add crushed garlic. Smash with a potato masher or a fork; potatoes should be lumpy. Stir hot milk or cream into potatoes until of desired consistency. Stir in butter, salt and pepper.
Plate the potatoes and top with salmon. Divide gremolada mixture and spread on each filet. Sprinkle 2 tablespoons of arils on each filet.

Submitter: 
POM Wonderful速
Description: 
Salmon fillets are brushed with a pomegranate-mustard mixture, broiled, then topped with a lemon-dill-parsley gremolada. Serve atop garlic mashed potatoes and sprinkle with pomegranate arils for a gourmet feast.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
587 calories
28.3
g fat
40.9
g carbohydrates
41
g protein
132
mg cholesterol
349
mg sodium.
