URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/151823/kishmish-badam-korma/
Title:
Kishmish Badam Korma Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
4 tablespoons vegetable oil
3 tablespoons halved almonds
3 tablespoons golden raisins
6 whole cloves
5 green cardamom pods
1 (2 inch) cinnamon stick
2 bay leaves
1 cup red onion, finely chopped
1 tablespoon minced garlic
1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger
1 tablespoon ground coriander
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon paprika
1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric
5 tablespoons plain yogurt
1 1/4 pounds cubed lean lamb meat
1 cup water
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon garam masala

Directions:
Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat. Fry almonds until pale brown, about 1 minute; remove with a slotted spoon and reserve. Add raisins to the skillet; cook until plump, about 1 minute. Remove with a slotted spoon and reserve.
Place cloves, cardamom, and cinnamon stick in the skillet. Stir for 30 seconds. Add bay leaves; stir once. Add onions, increase heat to medium-high, and fry until they begin to brown at the edges, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and ginger; cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add coriander, cumin, paprika, and turmeric; fry for 1 minute more.
Spoon yogurt into the skillet. Reduce heat to medium. Stir and fry until the mixture becomes pasty and specks of fat appear at the edges, about 2 minutes. Add lamb; stir and fry until nicely browned on all sides, about 8 minutes. Pour in water and add salt. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and cover. Simmer until meat is tender, about 45 minutes.
Increase heat to dry out and thicken sauce, if necessary. Remove skillet from heat, add reserved almonds and raisins and stir in garam masala.

Submitter: 
Priyanka
Description: 
A korma-style Indian curry, spicy but not hot. Serve with Indian naan bread or plain basmati rice, an Indian style vegetable dish, and a mixed salad of sliced onions and tomatoes for a luxurious Indian meal.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Indian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 29 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
474 calories
34.6
g fat
17.5
g carbohydrates
24.1
g protein
83
mg cholesterol
667
mg sodium.
