URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/152364/venison-steak-with-peppers-and-onions/
Title:
Venison Steak with Peppers and Onions Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5845408.jpg
Ingredients:
2 1/2 tablespoons beef broth
2 1/2 tablespoons dry sherry
4 teaspoons soy sauce
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground white pepper
1 pound lean venison, cut into thin strips
1 teaspoon sugar-based curing mixture (such as Morton® Tender Quick®)
2 teaspoons steak seasoning
1 onion, halved and sliced
3 bell peppers, sliced into thin strips
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 tablespoon cornstarch

Directions:
In a medium bowl, stir together the beef broth, sherry, soy sauce, salt and pepper. Season the meat with curing salt and steak seasoning, then place it in the bowl with the marinade. Cover and refrigerate for 2 to 3 hours.
Heat one tablespoon of oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Use tongs or a slotted spoon to transfer the venison to the skillet, reserving the marinade. Cook and stir until browned and cooked through, 3 to 5 minutes, depending on the size of your pieces. Remove to a clean bowl.
Heat the remaining tablespoon of oil in the same skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onion and bell pepper strips; cook and stir until starting to become tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove them from the pan and place them in the bowl with the meat.
Dissolve the cornstarch in 2 tablespoons of the reserved marinade. Pour the rest of the marinade into the skillet. Bring to a boil, then simmer over medium heat for a minute. Stir in the cornstarch slurry and continue to cook, stirring slowly until thickened, about 1 minute. Return the meat and vegetables to the skillet and stir until coated with the sauce. Transfer to a serving dish.

Submitter: 
Barbara Z.
Description: 
This is my brother Bob's recipe.  I've always been loathe to eat food made with Bambi, but I couldn't resist the smell of this.  Know what?  It was delicious!  He brings this out at football watching parties, but denies it's venison until after the taste test. Serve with rice or noodles.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Game Meats
Venison

Number of ratings:
24 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.54166650772095
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
248 calories
9.8
g fat
11
g carbohydrates
27.6
g protein
96
mg cholesterol
2069
mg sodium.
