URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/152621/intensely-chocolate-mousse-cake/
Title:
Intensely Chocolate Mousse Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/976984.jpg
Ingredients:
3/4 cup cold water
1/2 cup corn syrup
1/2 cup sugar
1/4 cup cornstarch
1 1/2 (6 ounce) packages BAKER'S Bittersweet Baking Chocolate, coarsely chopped
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup butter or margarine
3 large eggs, lightly beaten
1 cup whipping cream
Boiling water

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour 9-inch springform pan. Mix cold water, corn syrup, sugar and cornstarch in large heavy saucepan. Cook on low heat until sugar is dissolved, stirring constantly with wire whisk. Add chocolate and salt; increase heat to medium. Continue cooking until chocolate is completely melted and mixture just comes to boil, stirring constantly. Remove from heat. Add butter; stir until melted. Transfer mixture to large bowl. Refrigerate 15 min. or until cooled, stirring occasionally. (Mixture can still be slightly warm to the touch.) Add eggs; mix well.
Beat whipping cream in small bowl with electric mixer on high speed until soft peaks form. Add to chocolate mixture; stir gently until well blended. Spoon into prepared pan. Place pan in larger shallow baking pan, then place on center rack in oven. Carefully pour boiling water into larger pan to come halfway up side of springform pan.
Bake 45 min. or until center is set. (Top will feel slightly firm to the touch.) Remove springform pan to wire rack. Run knife or metal spatula around rim of pan to loosen cake; cool before removing rim of pan. Cover top with plastic wrap. Refrigerate 4 hours or overnight. Garnish with chocolate curls, if desired. (See Tip.) Store leftover cake in refrigerator.

Submitter: 
BAKER'S Chocolate
Description: 
This rich and indulgent chocolate mousse cake is a perfect special-occasion dessert.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
9 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.55555534362793
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
5 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
calories
fat
carbohydrates
protein
cholesterol
sodium.
