URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/153180/java-style-beef-sate/
Title:
Java Style Beef Sate Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 head garlic, peeled
5 shallots, chopped
1 (1 inch) piece galangal, thinly sliced
8 red chile peppers, seeded and chopped
1 cup roasted macadamia nuts
1 teaspoon belacan shrimp paste
1/4 cup vegetable oil
2 pounds boneless beef sirloin steak, cut into 1/2 inch cubes
2 cups water
2 tablespoons palm sugar
1 beef bouillon cube
1 tablespoon salt
3 tablespoons kecap manis
6 kaffir lime leaves, finely chopped
32 wooden skewers, soaked in water for 15 minutes

Directions:
In a mortar with a pestle, mash together the garlic, shallots, galangal, chile peppers, and macadamia nuts into a fine paste. Add the shrimp paste and oil, continue mashing until incorporated. Place the paste into a large skillet over medium-high heat, cook and stir until fragrant, about 3 minutes.
Stir the beef into the sauce and cook for 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Pour in the water, palm sugar, bouillon cube, and salt. Simmer until the water has evaporated, about 10 minutes, stirring frequently. Stir in the kecap manis and lime leaves, then spread the beef out on a baking sheet or large dish, and allow to cool until cool enough to handle.
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat, and lightly oil the grate. Remove the beef cubes from the tray, and thread onto skewers, reserve any leftover sauce for basting.
Cook on preheated grill for a few minutes until slightly browned; baste occasionally with the leftover sauce.

Submitter: 
BOB1414
Description: 
I've had a couple cooking lessons in Bali, my part time home. This is something I learned to make - it is so good - make it a party and try something different!
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Indonesian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
50 m
Ready in:
1 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
423 calories
30.1
g fat
18
g carbohydrates
22.7
g protein
61
mg cholesterol
1374
mg sodium.
