URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/153265/roasted-pork-shoulder-with-pomegranate-sauce/
Title:
Roasted Pork Shoulder with Pomegranate Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/51236.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (3 pound) bone-in pork shoulder roast
2 teaspoons minced garlic
kosher salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 pomegranates with the seeds removed
1/2 cup water
2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar
2 tablespoons turbinado sugar
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Season the pork roast with garlic, kosher salt and pepper. Place in a roasting pan.
Bake the roast for 1hour in the preheated oven. While the roast is baking, combine the pomegranate seeds and water in a large saucepan. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and simmer for 20 to 30 minutes, until the pomegranate seeds have broken down and released their juices. Press through a strainer to get as much juice as possible. You should have about 3/4 cup of juice.
Pour the juice from the pomegranate into a saucepan and bring to a boil. Simmer over medium heat until reduced by half. Remove from the heat and mix in the balsamic vinegar, sugar and cinnamon.
After the roast has been in the oven for 1 hour, start to baste it with the pomegranate sauce, using a brush to apply to the top and sides. Continue to roast the pork until the internal temperature has reached 180 degrees F (80 degrees C). Remove from the oven and allow to rest for 20 minutes before carving and serving.

Submitter: 
The Magpie
Description: 
Just created this tonight and it's definitely a keeper! The Hubby and I can't wait to try it again, next time on the grill; the smoky flavors imparted by cooking over the coals will complement the sauce nicely.  It's a lovely way to serve an otherwise inexpensive piece of meat.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Pork
Shoulder

Number of ratings:
22 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
490 calories
25.9
g fat
20.9
g carbohydrates
42
g protein
136
mg cholesterol
200
mg sodium.
