URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/153591/black-pepper-ice-cream-with-drunken-pineapple-slices/
Title:
Black Pepper Ice Cream with Drunken Pineapple Slices Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
3/4 cup 1% milk
1 tablespoon Spice Islands® Pure Bourbon Vanilla Extract
1/4 teaspoon lime peel
1 tablespoon lime juice
1 (14 ounce) can sweetened condensed milk
1 1/4 cups 1% milk
1 teaspoon Spice Islands® coarse ground black pepper
2 egg yolks
1/4 cup brown sugar
1/4 cup dark rum
7 slices pineapple, 1/2 inch thick

Directions:
For Ice Cream: Combine 3/4 cup milk, vanilla, lime peel, juice and sweetened condensed milk in a bowl; set aside.
Heat 1-1/4 cups milk and pepper in a heavy saucepan over medium heat for 5 to 8 minutes, stirring constantly to avoid scorching. Do not let mixture boil. Remove from heat; cover and let stand for 10 minutes. Strain milk mixture through cheesecloth or fine sieve; discard solids. Whisk egg yolks in a medium bowl. Gradually add hot milk mixture, stirring constantly with whisk. Return milk mixture to saucepan and add sugar. Cook over medium heat stirring constantly until mixture coats back of metal spoon, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat and gradually add in milk and lime mixture. Cover and chill completely. Freeze ice cream according to manufacturer's directions.
For pineapple slices: Preheat broiler. Heat brown sugar and rum in a small sauce pan over medium heat until sugar is dissolved completely. Spray broiler pan with non-stick cooking spray or brush with vegetable oil. Place pineapple slices on broiler pan; baste with rum sauce. Broil two minutes on each side until lightly brown.
To serve: place pineapple slice on dessert plate; top with a scoop of ice cream.

Submitter: 
Spice Islands®
Description: 
ICY HOT describes this fabulous dessert! Pineapple slices basted with a warm caramel rum sauce, topped with cold ice cream that has a pepper bite!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
270 calories
6
g fat
43.5
g carbohydrates
7
g protein
71
mg cholesterol
96
mg sodium.
