URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/15352/sesame-chicken/
Title:
Sesame Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/999762.jpg
Ingredients:
2 teaspoons cornstarch
2 tablespoons rice wine
1 tablespoon lemon juice
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1 dash hot pepper sauce
1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger
1 clove crushed garlic
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, cut into bite size pieces
2 tablespoons sesame seeds
1 tablespoon sesame oil
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
4 ounces fresh mushrooms, quartered
1  green bell pepper, sliced
4  green onions, sliced diagonally into 1/2 inch pieces

Directions:
To Make Marinade: In a nonporous dish or bowl blend cornstarch with wine or sherry; then stir in lemon juice, soy sauce, hot pepper sauce, ginger and garlic. Blend together and stir in chicken strips. Cover dish and refrigerate to marinate for 3 to 4 hours.
In a wok or large skillet, place sesame seeds and dry-fry over medium heat, shaking the wok, until the seeds are a golden brown color. Remove seeds and set aside.
To same wok or skillet add sesame oil and vegetable oil and heat slowly. Drain chicken, reserving marinade, and stir-fry in wok a few pieces at a time, until browned. Remove chicken with a slotted spoon and set aside.
Add mushrooms and green bell pepper to same wok or skillet and stir-fry for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the scallions and stir-fry 1 minute more. Return chicken to wok, together with reserved marinade, and stir over medium high heat for another 2 to 3 minutes, or until the ingredients are evenly coated with the glaze. Sprinkle toasted sesame seeds on top and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Shelley
Description: 
This dish is the real deal, with sesame seeds and oil, veggies, rice wine and spices. A marinated stir-fry chicken dish that will loudly proclaim, 'Open, Sesame!' to your delighted taste buds.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
77 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.82
Prep time: 
4
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
NA
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
279 calories
14.1
g fat
7.2
g carbohydrates
28.8
g protein
66
mg cholesterol
312
mg sodium.
