URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/15693/shepherds-pie-iv/
Title:
Shepherd's Pie IV Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/4487025.jpg
Ingredients:
2 pounds ground sirloin
4 large onions, peeled and diced
1 pound frozen green beans, thawed
1 head cauliflower, chopped
8 ounces shredded Cheddar cheese
2 (10.75 ounce) cans condensed cream of mushroom soup
12  potatoes, peeled and diced
4 ounces cream cheese, softened
¼ cup butter, softened
½ cup milk
⅛ teaspoon garlic powder
1 tablespoon dried chives
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a 10x15x2 inch baking dish.
Place ground sirloin in a large skillet over medium heat and saute 1 minute. Add chopped onion and continue to cook until meat is no longer pink and onion is beginning to brown. Pour mixture into greased baking dish.
Top meat layer with green beans and cauliflower. Sprinkle cheese over vegetables, then spread evenly with cream of mushroom soup.
Place potatoes in a large pot. Cover them with water and bring to a boil. Boil 10 minutes, or until tender. Drain.
To potatoes add softened cream cheese and butter or margarine. Whip until all ingredients are combined. Pour in milk and continue to whip until potatoes are smooth and fluffy. Add garlic powder, salt, and pepper to taste. Spread potatoes over soup layer. Sprinkle lightly with chives.
Bake uncovered in preheated oven for 35 to 45 minutes, until potatoes are golden brown.

Submitter: 
Kathleen Enick
Description: 
Shepherd's Pie is a wonderful 'company meal' to share or to send for my husband's lunches. We like to pack it in disposable containers and share it with home bound friends who are recovering from an illness or with our grandma. Since everything is in one container, it is easy to transport and hearty to eat. If desired, replace the chives with parsley.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
33 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.27
Prep time: 
12
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
NA
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
564 calories
28.2
g fat
51.3
g carbohydrates
27.4
g protein
92
mg cholesterol
574
mg sodium.
