URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/15727/cornish-pasties-iii/
Title:
Cornish Pasties III Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/970549.jpg
Ingredients:
4 cups all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
2 cups lard
1 cup cold water
3 tablespoons vegetable oil
1  onion, finely diced
5  carrots, diced (optional)
2  rutabagas, diced
1 pound lean ground beef
1 pound ground pork
10  green onions, chopped
salt and pepper to taste
½ cup butter
2 tablespoons milk

Directions:
To Make Crust: Place flour and salt in a large bowl. Mix well, then cut in lard until mixture is crumbly. Stir in water, mixing just until dough forms a ball. Allow dough to rest in refrigerator while you make filling.
To Make Filling: Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add vegetable oil, then onions. If using carrots and rutabagas, add them now. Saute vegetables until soft, about 10 minutes.
Add ground beef, ground pork, and green onions to skillet. Saute until meat is no longer pink. Add salt and pepper to taste. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Divide dough into 12 portions and roll out each one to fit a 9-inch pie plate.
Place a pastry circle in a pie pan. Fill one half of pan with meat filling. Dot with some of the butter or margarine. Pat edge of crust with water, then fold over other half of crust. Trim edge, then crimp to seal. Make steam vents in top of crust. Brush with milk. Repeat process until all of dough and all of filling are gone.
Bake in preheated oven for 45 minutes or until crust is golden brown.

Submitter: 
Mary Mrotek
Description: 
The Cornish Pasties made with the lard are the best.  It makes the crust and the rest of the meat pie taste great. Here is the recipe that I grew up with and is the best pastie you will ever eat. You will need 12 9-inch pie pans for this recipe (if you don't have that many, you can buy aluminum pans or make the pasties in batches).
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
25 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.16
Prep time: 
12
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
NA
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
800 calories
61.8
g fat
41.4
g carbohydrates
18.9
g protein
109
mg cholesterol
330
mg sodium.
