URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/159095/ensalada-roja-con-pollo-red-salad-with-chicken/
Title:
Ensalada Roja con Pollo (Red Salad with Chicken) Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F62835.jpg
Ingredients:
6 large baking potatoes, peeled and cubed
4  carrots, diced
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 large onion, chopped
3 cups diced cooked chicken
6  hard-cooked eggs, peeled and chopped
2  dill pickles, chopped
2 tablespoons dill pickle brine
2 cups mayonnaise
salt and pepper to taste
1 cup diced cooked beets

Directions:
Place the potatoes and carrots into a large pot and fill with enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, and cook until potatoes are tender enough to pierce with a fork, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water to cool. Set aside.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onion; cook and stir until tender and light brown, about 10 minutes. Set aside to cool.
In a large bowl, combine the potatoes, carrots, chicken, eggs and pickles. In a separate bowl, whisk together the onion, pickle juice and mayonnaise. Season with salt and pepper. Pour over the potato mixture and stir gently to coat. Adjust the amounts of mayonnaise, salt and pepper if desired. Gently stir in beets last. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour to blend flavors before serving.

Submitter: 
Laurie Gonzales
Description: 
My Venezuelan mother-in-law taught me to make this chicken salad.  Don't let the 'red' part, which comes from beets, scare you away!  I usually just throw this together with however much I have of the ingredients, so trying to figure out measurements is a challenge.  Be sure to suit your own tastes with the dressing using more or less mayonnaise, pickle juice, salt and pepper.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
11 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.73
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 40 mins
Number of servings: 
1 hr
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
540 calories
35.8
g fat
38.7
g carbohydrates
17.4
g protein
146
mg cholesterol
475
mg sodium.
