URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/15955/spinach-pumpkin-swirl-quiche/
Title:
Spinach Pumpkin Swirl Quiche Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/51061.jpg
Ingredients:
1 large sweet potato, peeled and diced
1  butternut squash, peeled and chopped
2  carrots, chopped
2  eggs, beaten
2 tablespoons butter, melted
2 tablespoons olive oil
½ teaspoon salt
3 tablespoons brown sugar
½ teaspoon curry powder
¼ teaspoon ground cumin
½ teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 pinch ground nutmeg
1 (16 ounce) package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and drained
2  eggs
½ teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon ground black pepper
½ cup half-and-half cream
2 tablespoons bread crumbs

Directions:
In a large saucepan, combine sweet potato, squash, and carrots. Pour in enough water to cover vegetables. Cook over low heat until very tender, about 40 minutes. Drain and mash. Allow to cool.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 12 inch pie pan.
To mashed squash mixture, add 2 eggs, butter or margarine, olive oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt, brown sugar, curry powder, cumin, cinnamon, and nutmeg. Puree mixture in blender or food processor.
In food processor or blender, combine spinach, 2 eggs, 1/2 teaspoon salt, pepper, and half and half. Puree until smooth. Stir in 2 tablespoons bread crumbs. If mixture is still liquidy, add more bread crumbs. Pour spinach mixture into pie pan, flattening with a spoon.
Gently pour squash mixture on top of spinach layer. Flatten partially with a spoon, but leave a few waves. Do not spread squash mixture all the way to edges of pan; allow spinach mixture to 'peek' through edges. Using a spoon, gently stir the two mixtures to create a marbled effect. Do not overmix.
Bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes, until set in center.

Submitter: 
Suzy
Description: 
A truly unique looking and tasty pie! Requires some effort but is well worth it for that special occasion. If preferred, use one small pumpkin instead of butternut squash.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
14 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.29
Prep time: 
8
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
NA
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
274 calories
11.2
g fat
39.5
g carbohydrates
8.4
g protein
106
mg cholesterol
440
mg sodium.
