URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/160111/bengali-dhal/
Title:
Bengali Dhal Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3933546.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup red lentils
3 cups water
1 cup onion, thinly sliced, divided
4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, divided
1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric
1 bay leaf
3/4 cup cherry tomatoes
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 (2 inch) whole serrano chile peppers (optional)
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
2 tablespoons chopped cilantro

Directions:
Wash the lentils in a strainer. Combine the lentils and water in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Add half of the sliced onions and garlic, reserving the rest for later. Stir in the turmeric, bay leaf, tomatoes, and salt. Add the chiles, leaving them whole to add flavor or cut in half to add heat. When the mixture begins to boil, reduce the heat to a simmer. Cook until the lentils break apart and thicken slightly, about 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, in a skillet, heat the vegetable oil over medium heat until the oil shimmers. Add the reserved sliced onions; cook and stir until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low, and continue cooking and stirring until the onion is very tender and dark brown, 15 to 20 minutes more. Stir in the rest of the chopped garlic and cook, stirring constantly, until the garlic is fragrant and tender, about 2 minutes.
Pour the contents of the skillet into the cooked lentils and stir. Garnish with chopped cilantro.

Submitter: 
Tabitha C
Description: 
Here is my recipe for dhal based on my many experiences cooking with my friends over the years. We love this served over freshly made basmati rice. Don't skimp on the caramelized onions and garlic - it totally makes this recipe amazing!
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Bangladeshi

Number of ratings:
22 Ratings
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
224 calories
4.1
g fat
34.3
g carbohydrates
13.2
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
304
mg sodium.
