URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/162192/tajin-sibnekh-tunisian-chicken-and-eggs/
Title:
Tajin Sibnekh (Tunisian Chicken and Eggs) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/775965.jpg
Ingredients:
⅓ cup vegetable oil
2  potatoes, peeled and cubed
8 ounces diced chicken breast meat
1 large onion, diced
1 tablespoon harissa
1 ½ teaspoons ras el hanout
½ cup water
1 ½ tablespoons tomato sauce
1 tablespoon butter
1 bunch fresh spinach, washed and chopped
8  eggs
1 cup frozen peas
⅓ cup Parmesan cheese
1 pinch salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Grease a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Fry the potatoes in the hot oil until golden brown and tender, about 7 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon, and drain on a paper towel-lined plate. Stir the chicken into the remaining oil, and cook until white on the outside, but still pink on the inside, about 2 minutes. Add the onion, and continue cooking until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in the harissa, ras el hanout, water, tomato sauce, and butter. Bring to a simmer, then stir in the spinach until wilted. Remove from the heat, and set aside.
Beat the eggs in a large mixing bowl until smooth. Stir in the peas, Parmesan cheese, and fried potatoes. Stir in the chicken mixture a spoonful at a time, season to taste with salt and pepper, then pour into the prepared baking dish.
Bake in preheated oven until the mixture is firm and golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Allow to cool slightly, then cut into 12 squares, and serve warm.

Submitter: 
Asma Khalfaoui
Description: 
This is a Tunisian egg dish that I learned from my mother in law on one of my trips to Tunisia. It can be made with liver (like my mother in law uses), chicken, lamb, or even just vegetables. I prefer chicken.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
8 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.63
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 30 mins
Number of servings: 
25 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
191 calories
11.7
g fat
10.8
g carbohydrates
11.4
g protein
139
mg cholesterol
153
mg sodium.
