URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/162598/asian-twist-chicken-wings/
Title:
Asian Twist Chicken Wings Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/5322964.jpg
Ingredients:
2  sun-dried tomatoes
¼ cup white wine
¼ cup barbeque sauce
1 teaspoon sesame oil
1 tablespoon hot pepper sauce
2 tablespoons soy sauce
1 tablespoon distilled white vinegar
1 tablespoon honey
1 tablespoon cornstarch
20  chicken wings
2 teaspoons minced garlic
1 teaspoon chili powder
salt and pepper to taste
1  lime, cut into wedges
1 ½ teaspoons sesame seeds

Directions:
Place the sun-dried tomatoes and white wine into a blender; puree until smooth, then pour into a saucepan. Stir in the barbeque sauce, sesame oil, hot pepper sauce, soy sauce, vinegar, honey, and cornstarch. Bring to a simmer over medium-high heat, then reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer for several minutes until thickened. Remove from heat, and allow to cool.
While the marinade is cooling, pierce the chicken wings using a fork, and place into a mixing bowl. Toss the chicken wings with the garlic, chili powder, salt, and pepper. Pour the cooled marinade over the wings, and stir to coat. Cover, and refrigerate at least 2 hours.
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium heat, and lightly oil the grate.
Remove the chicken wings from the marinade, and shake off excess. Discard the remaining marinade. Cook the wings on the preheated grill until no longer pink at the bone, about 20 minutes. Turn the wings frequently as they cook to ensure even cooking. Place the cooked wings on a serving platter; squeeze the lime wedges over the wings, and sprinkle with sesame seeds to serve.

Submitter: 
Erin
Description: 
Tender juicy chicken wings, with a crisp outside and Asian twist. A gourmet original, don't get overwhelmed with the ingredients, change them to suit your taste.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
16 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.56
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
3 hrs
Number of servings: 
2 hrs 15 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
342 calories
19.5
g fat
13
g carbohydrates
25.7
g protein
77
mg cholesterol
674
mg sodium.
