URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/16521/peanut-millet-with-grilled-curried-vegetables/
Title:
Peanut Millet with Grilled Curried Vegetables Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 1/3 cups water
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 cup millet
6 tablespoons olive oil
3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar
2 tablespoons orange juice
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger root
2 tablespoons curry powder
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 tablespoon honey
1 red onion, quartered
2 carrots
8 mushrooms, halved
1/2 eggplant, sliced into 1/2 inch rounds
1/2 cup chopped, unsalted dry-roasted peanuts
2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro

Directions:
In a large saucepan over medium heat, heat the water with 1 teaspoon salt until the water comes to a boil. Add the millet, and bring to a boil again. Cover the pan and reduce the heat. Cook the millet for 30 minutes over low heat. Once the millet has finished cooking turn the heat off and let it sit.
While the millet is cooking, heat a grill over a medium-hot fire.
Combine the olive oil, vinegar, orange juice, garlic, ginger, curry powder, cinnamon, black pepper, honey, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a small bowl; stir well.
Place the onion, carrots and button mushrooms in a large bowl; pour the marinade over them. Toss well with your hands. The vegetables can sit for up to 24 hours in this marinade; cover and refrigerate them if you'd like to refrigerate them.
Place the carrots and onions on the coolest part of the grill for 10 minutes or so, turning them periodically. Grill the mushrooms for 3 minutes per side.
Stir the peanuts into the warm millet. Spoon the millet onto plates, then distribute the grilled vegetables on top. Spoon the remaining marinade over the vegetables and sprinkle with cilantro.

Submitter: 
jen
Description: 
Peanuts and grilled vegetables jazz up this nutritious grain dish. Millet is available in whole-food stores and well-stocked supermarkets.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
8 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.375
Prep time: 
50 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
570 calories
32.3
g fat
61.9
g carbohydrates
13
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
912
mg sodium.
