URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/165888/coconut-almond-mocha-macaroons-/
Title:
Coconut Almond Mocha Macaroons  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup honey
1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
1 tablespoon instant espresso powder
2 egg whites
2 tablespoons white sugar, or to taste
1 cup almonds
2 1/2 cups sweetened flaked coconut
3/4 cup matzo cake meal
1/4 teaspoon vanilla bean paste
1 (3.5 ounce) bag chocolate-covered espresso beans

Directions:
Combine honey, cocoa powder, and espresso powder in a small saucepan over medium-low heat. Cook and stir until cocoa and espresso are dissolved and mixture is smooth, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from heat. Let cool, 10 to 15 minutes.
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Beat egg whites in a glass, metal, or ceramic bowl until peaks start to form. Add sugar gradually, continuing to beat until a thick and glossy meringue is formed.
Place almonds in a food processor; grind in short bursts until a fine meal forms.
Stir almond meal, coconut, matzo cake meal, and vanilla bean paste into the cooled espresso mixture. Fold in 1/3 of the egg whites at a time until well mixed.
Spoon out about 1 tablespoon of the dough and roll into a ball. Place on the prepared baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining dough, placing macaroon balls about 1 inch apart. Press an espresso bean onto each macaroon.
Bake in the preheated oven until firm, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove macaroons using a spatula; transfer to a rack to cool for 20 to 30 minutes. Place macaroons in an airtight container; let rest until set, 4 to 6 hours.

Submitter: 
Chef Shelley Pogue
Description: 
Macaroons are a Passover favorite for many who have a sweet tooth. For this new harvest season celebration, I have come up with a new recipe. If you love espresso and also love coconuts and almonds, then you should try this recipe. This is a delicious treat for any and all who love coconut, but we are going to spice them up just a little bit by adding espresso coffee flavor to these little coconut desserts. These mini espresso, coconut, and almond macaroons will melt in your mouth, and are made with just a few ingredients. These will take some time so you may want to make these in advance.
Categories:
Desserts
Nut Desserts
Almond Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
5 h 8 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
187 calories
9.6
g fat
25.1
g carbohydrates
3.7
g protein
< 1
mg cholesterol
41
mg sodium.
