URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/166196/coconut-lime-chicken-with-grilled-pineapple/
Title:
Coconut-Lime Chicken with Grilled Pineapple Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F4538454.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups tequila
2 tablespoons lime juice
1 tablespoon brown sugar
1 teaspoon cayenne pepper
6 (6 ounce) skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
1 (16 ounce) container sour cream
½ cup coconut milk
¼ cup lime juice
2 tablespoons chopped cilantro
1 clove crushed garlic
1 pinch salt and pepper to taste
6 slices peeled, cored pineapple

Directions:
Whisk together the tequila, 2 tablespoons of lime juice, brown sugar, and cayenne pepper; pour into a resealable plastic bag. Add the chicken breasts, coat with the marinade, squeeze out excess air, and seal the bag. Marinate in the refrigerator for 1 hour.
Meanwhile, make the sauce by whisking together the sour cream , coconut milk, and 1/4 cup of lime juice in a bowl. Add the cilantro and garlic, then season to taste with salt and pepper; set aside.
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat, and lightly oil grate. Remove the chicken from the marinade, and shake off excess. Discard the remaining marinade.
Cook the chicken and pineapple slices on the preheated grill until the chicken is no longer pink in the center, and the pineapple slices are nicely marked, about 6 minutes. Serve the chicken breasts topped with a slice of grilled pineapple, and a dollop of the sour cream sauce.

Submitter: 
Mommy Epstein
Description: 
This grilled chicken recipe is the perfect compliment of sweet and savory.  This recipe pairs well with grilled vegetables or a nice, light spinach salad.  Start the grill, light your tiki torches, and let this recipe whisk you away to the tropics!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
29 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.07
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 40 mins
Number of servings: 
1 hr
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
605 calories
24.1
g fat
15
g carbohydrates
38.6
g protein
130
mg cholesterol
130
mg sodium.
