URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/166273/vegan-borscht/
Title:
Vegan Borscht Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3246666.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon olive oil
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 onion, chopped
3 tablespoons olive oil
2 stalks celery, chopped (optional)
2 carrots, finely chopped
1 green bell pepper, chopped
3 beets, including greens, diced
1 (16 ounce) can whole peeled tomatoes
1/2 cup canned peeled and diced tomatoes
2 potatoes, quartered
1 cup shredded Swiss chard
2 cups vegetable broth
4 cups water
2 tablespoons dried dill weed
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 (16 ounce) package silken tofu

Directions:
Heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Stir in the garlic and onion; cook and stir until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes. Set aside. Heat the remaining 3 tablespoons of olive oil in a large pot over medium-high heat. Stir in the celery, carrots, bell pepper, beets including the greens, whole tomatoes, diced tomatoes, potatoes, Swiss chard, and the onion mixture. Cook and stir until the chard begins to wilt, 4 to 8 minutes. Stir in the vegetable broth, water, dill weed, and salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, and reduce heat to low. Simmer for 1 hour.
Strain half the beets from the broth and place in a blender, filling the pitcher no more than halfway full. Hold down the lid of the blender with a folded kitchen towel, and carefully start the blender, using a few quick pulses to get the beets moving before leaving it on to puree. Add the tofu, and continue pureeing until smooth. Stir the tofu mixture back into the pot. Simmer until the mixture is reduced by a third, about another hour. Serve chilled or warm.

Submitter: 
vivid930
Description: 
A vegan version of a traditional Russian/Ukranian soup.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Vegetable Soup
Borscht

Number of ratings:
20 Ratings
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
3 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
198 calories
9.9
g fat
22
g carbohydrates
7.8
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
285
mg sodium.
