URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/166820/cilantro-chili-pepper-sauce/
Title:
Cilantro-Chili Pepper Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4527954.jpg
Ingredients:
3 fresh red chile peppers
1 tablespoon sesame oil
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 pinch kosher salt
1/2 cup malt vinegar
2 tablespoons fish sauce
2 tablespoons brown sugar
3 tablespoons soy sauce
1 teaspoon lime juice
1 bunch cilantro, chopped
1 green onion, chopped

Directions:
Cut the stem end off of the chile peppers, and remove the seeds using a thin knife, otherwise leaving the peppers whole. Place the peppers into a skillet, and toast over medium-high heat, turning frequently, until the skins of the peppers have blackened and loosened, about 10 minutes. The peppers are ready when 1/4 of the skin has blackened. Remove the peppers, place into a small bowl, and cover with plastic wrap. Allow to cool and steam for about 15 minutes, then remove and discard the skins. Chop the peppers, and set aside.
Heat the sesame oil in the skillet over medium heat. Stir in the garlic, and cook for 2 minutes to soften, then increase heat to medium-high, and stir in the chopped peppers and salt. Cook and stir until the mixture is hot and sizzling, about 1 minute. Pour in the vinegar, brown sugar, and fish sauce. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to medium-low, and allow to simmer for 10 minutes.
Scrape the mixture into a blender, and add the soy sauce, lime juice, cilantro, and green onion. Puree until smooth. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Jeff
Description: 
I am overrun with wild cilantro in my back yard.  Literally, it feeds my compost bin more than my family even though we use it in everything.  This sauce (perhaps more of a pesto) is fabulous on anything but the obvious choices are chicken and tuna.  Enjoy.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Sauces

Number of ratings:
8 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.625
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
49 calories
1.8
g fat
7.7
g carbohydrates
1.1
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
673
mg sodium.
