URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/167046/gluten-free-thai-chicken-soup/
Title:
Gluten-Free Thai Chicken Soup Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F211175.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon grapeseed oil
3  shallots, chopped
2 tablespoons chopped cilantro
4 cups chicken stock
2 (14 ounce) cans coconut milk
1 tablespoon agave nectar
1 (8 ounce) package crimini mushrooms, sliced
1 head broccoli, cut into florets
1 pound thinly sliced chicken breast meat
2 teaspoons red curry paste
3 tablespoons lime juice
3 tablespoons fish sauce
½ cup chopped fresh cilantro
2  serrano chile peppers, thinly sliced
¼ cup chopped green onions
8  lime wedges

Directions:
Heat the grapeseed oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Cook and stir the shallots and 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro in the hot pan until the shallot has softened and turned translucent, about 4 minutes. Pour in the chicken stock, coconut milk, and agave nectar; bring to a simmer over medium-high heat. Once the broth reaches a simmer, strain through a mesh strainer into a clean saucepan; discard the shallot and cilantro.
Return the broth to a simmer; stir in the mushrooms and broccoli and cook until the broccoli becomes tender, about 4 minutes. Add the chicken and cook until no longer pink, stirring constantly. Stir the curry paste, lime juice, and fish sauce in a small bowl to dissolve the curry paste; mix into the simmering soup.
Ladle the soup into bowls and sprinkle with 1/2 cup cilantro, serrano peppers, green onions, and lime wedges to serve.

Submitter: 
elanaspantry.com
Description: 
This is my take on a Cook's Illustrated Thai soup recipe minus the gluten and more of the good stuff!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
23 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.52
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
50 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
327 calories
25.2
g fat
13.7
g carbohydrates
17.8
g protein
33
mg cholesterol
846
mg sodium.
