URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/16834/mincemeat-ii/
Title:
Mincemeat II Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/160750.jpg
Ingredients:
3 pounds pork butt roast
2 (12 ounce) packages fresh cranberries
3 cups water
1 quart chopped apples
1 large orange
1 lemon
2 pounds raisins
3 (16 ounce) cans pitted sour red pie cherries
3 (16 ounce) cans gooseberries
2 cups brandy
2 cups distilled white vinegar
4 cups white sugar
1 tablespoon ground cloves
1 tablespoon ground nutmeg
2 tablespoons ground cinnamon
2 tablespoons ground allspice

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place meat in a roasting pan and cook until tender, about 1 1/2 hours. Remove meat when done, but do not turn off oven.
While meat is cooking, place cranberries and water in a medium saucepan and simmer on low heat until cranberries begin to split open.
When meat is done grind it together with chopped apples and set aside.
Grind up orange and lemon, peel and all, and place them in a large ovenproof pan. Add cranberries, raisins, cherries, gooseberries, brandy, vinegar, sugar, cloves, nutmeg, cinnamon, and allspice. Combine thoroughly then stir in meat mixture.
Cover pan with aluminum foil and place in oven. Heat mincemeat for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Sterilize enough canning jars and lids to fit all mincemeat.
Place a wire rack in the bottom of a large stock pot and fill halfway with water. Bring water to a rolling boil.
Pack mincemeat into sterilized jars, ensuring that there are no spaces or air bubbles. Fill jars all the way to the top and screw on lids. Carefully lower jars into boiling water using a holder. Make sure jars have at least 2 inches of space between them. Pour more boiling water over jars if necessary, so that they are covered by 2 inches of water. Cover pot and process for 30 minutes.
Carefully lift jars out of water using a holder, and place on a wooden or cloth-covered surface, at least 2 inches apart. Allow to cool, then check seal by pressing on jar lid. A properly sealed lid will not move up or down at all. Mincemeat should be aged for 2 or 3 months before using.

Submitter: 
Linda Correia
Description: 
I have used this for years. If you are a connoisseur of mincemeat, you will be able to tell this is a good recipe while you are cooking it, and you add the spices to the fruit, and it magically changes to that wonderful aroma of....mincemeat! If you want to, you can omit the meat in this recipe. I prefer peach or apricot brandy for this recipe. If desired you can use half beef and half pork rather than all pork.
Categories:
Desserts
Pies
Fruit Pies
Mincemeat Pie

Number of ratings:
9 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.55555534362793
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
48
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
231 calories
2.7
g fat
43.8
g carbohydrates
4
g protein
11
mg cholesterol
14
mg sodium.
