URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/168539/summertime-hidden-valley-ranch-grilled-chicken-and-vegetable-pasta-salad/
Title:
Summertime Hidden Valley® Ranch Grilled Chicken and Vegetable Pasta Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/985498.jpg
Ingredients:
2/3 cup Refrigerated Hidden Valley® Original Ranch® Dressing, divided
3 large boneless, skinless chicken breasts
1 pound penne pasta
5 tablespoons olive oil, divided
1 large sweet onion, cut into thick rounds
1 large red bell pepper, quartered, cored, seeded and de-ribbed
1 large yellow bell pepper, quartered, cored, seeded and de-ribbed
1 cup pitted Kalamata olives, halved lengthwise
1/4 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley, coarsely chopped
2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh basil
Freshly ground black pepper

Directions:
Marinate the chicken in 1/3 cup of Refrigerated Hidden Valley(R) Original Ranch(R) Dressing for 30 minutes. Remove chicken from the marinade and discard the marinade.
Prepare a medium-hot fire in a charcoal grill. While the grill is heating, cook the pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water until al dente, about 10 minutes. Drain in a colander, rinse under cool water, shake to remove excess water, and transfer to a large mixing bowl.
Using 3 tablespoons of the olive oil, brush the onion and peppers on all sides. Place the vegetables in a single layer on the grill grate, directly over the fire. Grill, turning once, until dark brown grill marks appear and the vegetables are tender, about 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and let cool.
Grill the chicken directly over the fire, turning once, until the juices run clear when pierced into the thickest part of the breast, about 5 to 7 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate to cool slightly.
Cut the grilled onions and peppers into large cubes and add to the pasta in the bowl. Add the olives, parsley, and basil to the pasta. Cut the chicken into large, bite-size cubes and add to the pasta. Toss to combine.
Whisk together the remaining 1/3 cup of the dressing with the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Toss the pasta mixture with the dressing. Add freshly ground pepper to taste. Serve immediately, or transfer to a covered container and refrigerate until ready to serve.

Submitter: 
Diane Morgan on behalf of Hidden Valley® Ranch
Description: 
Boneless skinless chicken breasts are marinated in Refrigerated Hidden Valley® Original Ranch® Dressing, and then grilled, sliced and tossed with penne pasta, fresh vegetables, herbs and Kalamata olives for a summertime chilled pasta salad.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
427 calories
20.6
g fat
39.1
g carbohydrates
21.5
g protein
44
mg cholesterol
397
mg sodium.
