URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/169230/citrus-grilled-pork-filet-with-mint-fig-sauce/
Title:
Citrus Grilled Pork Filet with Mint Fig Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 cup orange juice
2 tablespoons olive oil
3 cloves garlic, minced
6 (6 ounce) boneless pork loin chops
6 slices applewood smoked bacon
6 fresh figs
1 cup fresh mint leaves
1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar
3 tablespoons olive oil
1 tablespoon honey
1/2 cup orange juice
1 pinch sea salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Whisk together 1 cup orange juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, and the minced garlic in a bowl; pour into a resealable plastic bag. Add the pork chops, coat with the marinade, squeeze out excess air, and seal the bag. Marinate in the refrigerator for at least 8 hours.
Place the figs and mint leaves into a blender, and blend until pureed. Add the balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons olive oil, honey, and 1/2 cup orange juice to the blender, and puree until smooth and thick. Season to taste with sea salt and pepper, then set aside.
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat, and lightly oil the grate. Remove the pork from the marinade. Discard the remaining marinade. Wrap each pork chop with a slice of bacon, securing with toothpicks as necessary; season with salt and pepper.
Grill the pork chops until the pork is no longer pink in the center, about 5 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). Pour the mint-fig sauce over the pork chops to serve.

Submitter: 
Terri Harnish
Description: 
The sweet marinade keeps the pork from being dry, plus the mint-fig sauce provides a wonderfully light addition to an already tasty pork.
Categories:
Main Dish
Pork
Pork Chops
Boneless

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.625
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
8 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
421 calories
26.4
g fat
20.2
g carbohydrates
26
g protein
68
mg cholesterol
308
mg sodium.
