URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/17186/pecan-chicken-breasts-stuffed-with-cream-cheese-and-broccoli/
Title:
Pecan Chicken Breasts Stuffed with Cream Cheese and Broccoli Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/21072.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice
¾ cup butter
2 cloves garlic, crushed
¼ teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon chopped pimento
1 cup chopped pecans
1 ½ cups chopped fresh broccoli florets
1 small onion, minced
½ cup sour cream
1 (3 ounce) package cream cheese
8  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
1  egg, beaten
1 cup dry bread crumbs
½ cup chopped pecans
1 tablespoon vegetable oil

Directions:
To Make Broccoli/Cream Cheese Filling: In a medium saucepan over low heat,  heat the lemon juice, butter or margarine, garlic, basil and pimento until butter or margarine has melted. Add the 1 cup pecans, broccoli and onion and cook until broccoli is tender; then add the sour cream and cream cheese and mix all together until smooth. Let cool, cover and refrigerate to chill for 30 minutes.
Place 1 to 2 tablespoons of the broccoli/cream cheese filling in the center of each chicken breast, roll up, tuck in sides and fasten with toothpicks. Put the egg beat in a shallow dish or bowl, and mix the bread crumbs and 1/2 cup pecans together in another shallow dish or bowl. Dip the chicken rolls in the egg, then in the pecan mixture.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium high heat and saute coated chicken rolls in skillet until well browned on both sides, about 2 to 4 minutes each side. Place browned rolls in a lightly greased 9x13 inch baking dish.
Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 minutes, or until chicken is cooked through and chicken meat is white. Serve with a small portion of leftover broccoli/cream cheese mixture on top of each chicken breast.

Submitter: 
MARBALET
Description: 
Chicken breasts rolled up with a creamy cheese-broccoli stuffing, dipped in egg and a pecan coating, browned and baked to magnificence! We make this recipe for all of our special friends and company that enjoy a really delicious and different chicken main entree.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
108 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.12
Prep time: 
1 hr
Ready in:
1 hr 30 mins
Number of servings: 
9
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
514 calories
38.5
g fat
13.9
g carbohydrates
30
g protein
138
mg cholesterol
311
mg sodium.
