URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/17239/chiles-en-nogada-stuffed-poblano-chile-peppers/
Title:
Chiles en Nogada (Stuffed Poblano Chile Peppers) Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F273716.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (4 pound) whole chicken, cut into pieces
1  onion, halved
2  carrots, peeled
1 stalk celery
1 clove garlic, peeled
12  fresh poblano chile peppers - cleaned, roasted and peeled
1  white onion, chopped
3 cloves garlic, chopped
4 ounces raisins
4 ounces brown sugar
4 ounces walnuts
¼ teaspoon ground black pepper
4  bay leaves
1 tablespoon distilled white vinegar
½ cup chopped fresh cilantro
3 tablespoons tomato paste
4 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese
8 ounces soft goat cheese
1 cup sour cream
8 ounces walnuts
½ teaspoon ground nutmeg
¾ teaspoon white sugar
½ bunch cilantro, finely chopped

Directions:
Place chicken in a large pot with the halved onion, two carrots, one stalk celery, and 1 clove garlic, and cover with water. Boil until done. Slice meat into bite-sized pieces.
In a large skillet over medium heat, saute onion and garlic until soft, then add chicken, raisins, brown sugar, 4 ounces walnuts, pepper and bay leaves. Mix together and saute for 3 to 5 minutes, then stir in vinegar, cilantro and tomato paste; reduce heat to low and let all simmer for 15 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool.
Preheat oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C).  Cut a slit in each chile pepper along one side, lengthwise, so that they can be reconstructed after they are stuffed. Stuff each chile pepper with cooled chicken mixture and place in preheated oven to keep warm.
To Make Sauce: In a large saucepan over medium heat, combine the cream cheese, goat cheese, sour cream, 8 ounces walnuts, nutmeg and granulated sugar. Heat, stirring, for 5 to 7 minutes. When blended together, pour sauce over warm chile peppers and garnish with fresh chopped cilantro.

Submitter: 
Alena
Description: 
A savory/sweet stuffing of chicken, raisins, walnuts, sugar and spices fills these chile peppers with flavor. Topped with a creamy goat cheese sauce and garnished with fresh chopped cilantro, this dish is a treat for both eyes and palette. Muy sabroso (very flavorful)!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
20 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.95
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 30 mins
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
942 calories
81
g fat
30.3
g carbohydrates
28.7
g protein
153
mg cholesterol
375
mg sodium.
