URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/172894/cheesy-california-twice-baked-potatoes/
Title:
Cheesy California Twice-Baked Potatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
4 large Russet potatoes
1 cup sour cream
1/4 cup chopped fresh chives
1/2 cup cooked, crumbled bacon
2 cups grated Colby Jack cheese
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper

Directions:
Heat oven to 450 degrees F. Rinse the potatoes under cold running water, scrubbing them lightly with a brush if they are dirty. Prick each one several times with a fork, so it wont burst in the oven. Bake for 65 to 75 minutes or until the skins are dry and crackly, and a small, sharp knife pierces each potato easily.
Remove potatoes from the oven and let them stand until they are cool enough to handle. (If you wish, this initial baking can take place hours - or even a day or two - ahead of time. In that case, refrigerate the cooled potatoes until you are ready to continue with final scooping and stuffing process detailed below.)
Heat oven to 375 degrees F for the second baking. Split each potato lengthwise, scoop out the inside from each half, leaving the outer potato shell 1/4 to 1/3-inch thick. Using a large fork or potato masher, mash the scooped-out potato coarsely, then add the sour cream, chives, bacon, 1/4 cups cheese and the salt and pepper. Mix with a fork until blended, but don't worry about making it perfectly smooth.
Divide the filling among the potato shells, using about 1/2-cup in each. Sprinkle each with about 1 tablespoon of the remaining cheese. Place the potatoes side by side in a 13 x 9-inch baking pan or any baking dish that holds them comfortably. Bake for 20 to 30 minutes or until the cheese has melted and the tops are lightly browned.

Submitter: 
California Milk Advisory Board
Description: 
Make these creamy and cheesy twice-baked potatoes as a comforting side dish. These are easy enough for any night of the week, and are attractive and rich enough for company or holiday meals, too.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
396 calories
21.8
g fat
34.8
g carbohydrates
16.5
g protein
58
mg cholesterol
693
mg sodium.
