URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/172915/port-wine-jelly/
Title:
Port Wine Jelly Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/252695.jpg
Ingredients:
4 cups port wine
1 (2 ounce) package powdered fruit pectin
4 1/2 cups white sugar
1/2 teaspoon butter
5 half pint canning jars with lids and rings

Directions:
Pour the port into a large saucepan, and sprinkle in the pectin. Bring to a boil over high heat, stirring frequently. Once boiling, pour in the sugar, and stir until dissolved. Return the mixture to a boil, and stir in the butter until melted. Continue boiling for 1 minute, skimming and discarding any foam the forms on the surface.
Sterilize the jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Pour the jelly into the hot, sterilized jars, filling the jars to within 1/2 inch of the top. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids, and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil over high heat, then carefully lower the jars into the pot using a holder. Leave a 2 inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary until the water level is at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a full boil, cover the pot, and process for 10 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Once cool, press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
Mama Smith
Description: 
Fredricksburg Texas has some of the best Texas wineries close by.  While experimenting with a great port I found there, I came up with this beautiful, jeweled jelly. It's easy to make for a gift basket.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Jams and Jellies

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.59999990463257
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
4 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
40
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
107 calories
0.1
g fat
23.1
g carbohydrates
0
g protein
< 1
mg cholesterol
2
mg sodium.
