URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/17569/verenika/
Title:
Verenika Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/316913.jpg
Ingredients:
2 ½ cups dry cottage cheese
2  eggs
¼ teaspoon ground black pepper to taste
3 ¾ cups all-purpose flour
⅓ cup nonfat dry milk powder
¾ teaspoon baking powder
½ teaspoon salt
2  eggs
¾ cup water
4 teaspoons vegetable oil
3 tablespoons butter
1 cup cubed ham
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
½ teaspoon salt
⅛ teaspoon black pepper
2 ½ cups warm milk

Directions:
In a blender, combine cottage cheese, 2 eggs and ground black pepper to taste. Cover and blend until smooth, or beat with an electric mixer until smooth;  Set aside.
In a large bowl, stir together flour, milk powder, baking powder and 1/2 teaspoon salt.  In a small bowl, beat together 2 eggs, water and oil; combine with flour mixture.
On a floured surface, knead dough about 10 times or until smooth.  Divide dough in half and roll out each portion to a 1/8 inch thickness. Using a 4 inch round cutter, cut out rounds of dough.
Place 1 tablespoon of filling in the center of each circle. Moisten the edge and fold over to form a half moon shape; pinch to seal.
Bring a large pot of  water to a boil. Add half of the dumplings and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until tender; remove with a slotted spoon and drain. Repeat with remaining dumplings.
While the dumplings are cooking, prepare the gravy. In a medium saucepan, melt the butter over medium-low heat.  Stir in ham, and cook until ham is light brown.  Add 3 tablespoons flour, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/8 teaspoon ground black pepper. Stir.  Pour in milk all at once, stirring constantly; cook and stir until thick and bubbly.  Serve over the dumplings.

Submitter: 
Cindy Droke
Description: 
Cheese-filled dumplings served with ham and cream gravy.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
12 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.25
Prep time: 
1 hr
Ready in:
1 hr 30 mins
Number of servings: 
15 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
127 calories
4.2
g fat
14.9
g carbohydrates
6.8
g protein
35
mg cholesterol
254
mg sodium.
