URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/177555/chocolate-dipped-spiced-twists/
Title:
Chocolate-Dipped Spiced Twists Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/977159.jpg
Ingredients:
1 sheet Pepperidge Farm® Puff Pastry
1/3 cup sugar
1 (2 ounce) jar crystallized ginger root
1 egg
1 tablespoon water
8 ounces dark or semi-sweet chocolate

Directions:
Thaw the pastry sheet at room temperature for 40 minutes or until it's easy to handle. Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease or line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Stir the egg and water with a fork in a small bowl.
Put the sugar and crystallized ginger in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a metal blade. Cover and process until the ginger is finely chopped. Reserve 2 tablespoons of the sugar mixture.
Sprinkle half of the remaining sugar mixture on a work surface. Unfold the pastry sheet on the sugar. Sprinkle the remaining sugar mixture over the pastry. Roll the sheet into a 14-inch square. Fold the pastry in half, making a 14x7-inch rectangle. Cut the pastry crosswise into 24 (1/2-inch wide) strips. Twist the strips and place 2 inches apart on the prepared sheets, pressing down the ends. Brush the twists with the egg mixture. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.
Bake for 20 minutes or until golden. Remove the twists from the baking sheet to a wire rack to cool.
Place the chocolate in a microwaveable bowl. Microwave on HIGH for 1 minute, stirring until the chocolate melts. Dip half of each twist in the melted chocolate and place on a waxed paper-lined pan. Sprinkle with the reserved sugar mixture. Refrigerate for 10 minutes until the chocolate hardens. Store the twists in an airtight container with waxed paper between layers until ready to serve.

Submitter: 
Campbell's Kitchen
Description: 
Pepperidge Farm® Puff Pastry Sheets are sprinkled with a mixture of ground crystallized ginger root and sugar, cut and shaped into twists, baked until golden, and then partially dipped in melted chocolate.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
55 m
Ready in:
1 h 55 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
114 calories
6
g fat
13.9
g carbohydrates
1.5
g protein
8
mg cholesterol
55
mg sodium.
