URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/177613/grilled-asparagus-soup/
Title:
Grilled Asparagus Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/977584.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 pounds asparagus spears, trimmed
3 tablespoons olive oil
1/4 teaspoon cracked black pepper
1 large sweet onion, coarsely chopped
2 cloves garlic, minced
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
6 cups Swanson® Vegetable Broth or Swanson® Certified Organic Vegetable Broth
1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves
Fresh rosemary leaves

Directions:
Place the asparagus in a single layer on a large platter. Drizzle with 1 tablespoon of oil and black pepper.  Toss to coat.
Heat the grill to medium. Place a multi-functional perforated grill pan on the grill. Place the asparagus on the pan in a single layer and grill for 8 minutes or until the asparagus is tender-crisp, turning halfway through cooking. Remove from heat to a cutting board and let cool.
Heat the remaining oil in a 4-quart saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook until tender-crisp.
Meanwhile, cut the grilled asparagus diagonally into 1-inch pieces. Set aside.
Reduce the heat to low. Add the flour to the onion mixture. Cook for 5 minutes, stirring often. Gradually stir in the broth. Heat to a boil. Reduce the heat to low. Cover and cook for 10 minutes.
Place 1/3 of the broth mixture into an electric blender or food processor container. Cover and blend until smooth. Pour the mixture into a medium bowl. Repeat the blending process twice more with the remaining broth mixture. Return all of the pureed mixture to the saucepan. Add the remaining asparagus and rosemary. Cook over medium heat until the mixture is hot. Garnish with rosemary sprigs, if desired.

Submitter: 
Campbell's Kitchen
Description: 
Tender grilled asparagus flavors this fabulous soup made with Swanson® Vegetable Broth, sauteed onion and garlic, and a hint of fresh rosemary.  
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
43 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
89 calories
5.2
g fat
9.1
g carbohydrates
2.3
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
708
mg sodium.
