URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/17844/california-black-bottom-pie/
Title:
California Black Bottom Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1035632.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup finely chopped walnuts
1 cup graham cracker crumbs
1/4 cup white sugar
5 tablespoons butter, melted
1/4 cup cold water
1 tablespoon unflavored gelatin
3/4 cup white sugar
2 tablespoons cornstarch
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 cups milk
4 egg yolks, beaten
1 cup semisweet chocolate chips
2 teaspoons instant coffee granules
4 egg whites
1 dash cream of tartar
1/2 cup white sugar
2 tablespoons rum
1/2 cup heavy cream
8 walnut halves

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C).
In a medium bowl, combine chopped walnuts, graham cracker crumbs, 1/4 cup sugar, and melted butter. Mix thoroughly, then press firmly into a 9 inch deep-dish pie pan. Bake in preheated oven for 8 minutes. Remove and cool.
To Make Chocolate Layer: Place water in a small bowl and sprinkle gelatin over top. Set aside to soften. In a medium saucepan, mix together 3/4 cup sugar, cornstarch, and salt. Whisk in milk and cook over low heat, stirring constantly. When mixture comes to a boil, remove from heat.
Place beaten egg yolks in a small bowl and gradually add 1/2 cup of hot milk mixture, whisking constantly. Whisk egg yolk mixture back into hot milk mixture. Return pan to heat and allow to boil 3 minutes, stirring constantly. Remove from heat and place 1 cup of mixture in a small bowl.
Place chocolate pieces in a glass bowl and microwave at 30 second intervals, stirring at each interval, until chocolate is melted and smooth. Stir chocolate and coffee granules into separated custard. Allow this mixture to cool, then spread into bottom of crust. Place in refrigerator.
To Make Rum Layer: Stir softened gelatin into remaining custard. Place a piece of plastic wrap directly on surface of custard and chill until firm.
In a large glass or metal mixing bowl, beat egg whites with cream of tartar until foamy. Gradually add 1/2 cup sugar, continuing to beat until whites form stiff peaks. Whisk rum into chilled gelatin mixture, then fold in beaten egg whites. Spread mixture on top of chocolate layer. Chill pie at least 2 hours, until filling is set.
Immediately before serving, whip cream until soft peaks form. Place whipped cream in a piping bag with a star tip and make 8 decorative swirls around edges of pie. Place a walnut half in the middle of each swirl. To cut pie, dip sharp knife in hot water.

Submitter: 
DEVINE
Description: 
Traditional pie with creamy chocolate and airy rum layers. This one is livened up by a walnut and graham cracker crust. You can use orange-flavored liqueur in place of the rum if you like. Lots of work, but it is very good.  Please note: this recipe contains raw eggs. We recommend that pregnant women, young children, the elderly and the infirm do not consume raw eggs. Important: be sure to use only fresh eggs for this recipe.
Categories:
Desserts
Pies
No-Bake Pies
Chiffon Pie

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
3 h 55 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
595 calories
34.3
g fat
66.8
g carbohydrates
9.7
g protein
147
mg cholesterol
253
mg sodium.
