URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/178930/almond-chocolate-poached-pears/
Title:
Almond Chocolate Poached Pears Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/982212.jpg
Ingredients:
1 lemon
1 orange
1 (750 milliliter) bottle dry white wine
8 cups water
1/2 cup honey
1/2 teaspoon black peppercorns
1/2 teaspoon cloves
4 cardamom seeds
2 star anise
1 bay leaf
6 Bartlett pears, peeled
8 ounces premium dark chocolate
1/2 cup sliced California Almonds

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.  Juice the lemon and orange. Put juice, wine, water, honey, black peppercorns, cloves, cardamom, star anise and bay leaf in a wide saucepan. Gently place the peeled pears into the liquid.
Make a circle of parchment paper that is 1/2-inch larger than the pot, and cover surface completely with the parchment paper. Be sure the pears are fully submerged, but not touching the bottom of the pot. Bring the poaching liquid and pears to a boil and then reduce the heat to just below a simmer.
While the pears are poaching, roast almonds in oven until golden brown, approximately 10 minutes.
Cook the pears until fork-tender. Gently transfer pears into a glass or ceramic bowl. Pour enough poaching liquid over pears to just cover. Cover and refrigerate until cool, preferably overnight.
Strain remaining poaching liquid and return to saucepan. Cook over high heat until a syrupy consistency is achieved or the syrup coats the back of a spoon. Chill until the pears are served.
In a double boiler, melt chocolate until smooth. Dip each cooled pear into the melted chocolate and then roll in sliced almonds. Place on a parchment-lined baking sheet and refrigerate until chocolate is set, approximately 30 minutes.  Lightly drizzle with reduced poaching liquid and serve at room temperature.

Submitter: 
Almond Board of California
Description: 
Elegant wine-poached pears are dipped in dark chocolate and sprinkled with sliced California Almonds.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3.75
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
528 calories
15.5
g fat
81.5
g carbohydrates
4.4
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
23
mg sodium.
