URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/180502/orcchiette-pasta-with-broccoli-rabe-and-sausage/
Title:
Orcchiette Pasta with Broccoli Rabe and Sausage Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/7083603.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (16 ounce) package orecchiette pasta
2 bunches broccoli rabe, trimmed and chopped
¼ cup extra-virgin olive oil
6 (4 ounce) links hot Italian sausage
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon onion salt
½ teaspoon garlic powder
ground black pepper
1 (4 ounce) can sliced black olives

Directions:
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat. Once the water is boiling, stir in the orcchiette and return to a boil. Cook the pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the pasta has cooked through, but is still firm to the bite, about 12 minutes. Drain well in a colander set in the sink.
At the same time, bring another large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Stir in the broccoli rabe, and cook uncovered until tender, about 6 minutes. Drain, and return to the pot along with the orcchiette pasta.
Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the sausage, and cook until firm turning frequently, about 5 minutes. Cut the sausage into 1/2 inch pieces, and sprinkle with the minced garlic, salt, onion salt, garlic powder, and black pepper. Cook until the sausage is no longer pink in the center, and beginning to brown on the cut sides, about 5 minutes more. Once done, stir the sausage mixture into the pasta along with the sliced black olives to serve.

Submitter: 
bokenbaker
Description: 
One day my boyfriend and I went out to eat in Little Italy and he order a dish that he said was exactly like what I make at home for him!  Why spend $25 when you can do it at home? It's a really warm and filling dish that you won't be able to get enough of!  You can add tomatoes to it if you wish and adjust the garlic, hotness and oil to your liking. Enjoy! I serve this with Romano cheese and crushed red pepper.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
20 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.45
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
35 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
649 calories
32.7
g fat
61.2
g carbohydrates
27.9
g protein
61
mg cholesterol
1442
mg sodium.
