URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/180695/jalapeno-strawberry-jam/?internalSource=hub%20recipe&referringId=1961&referringContentType=recipe%20hub&clickId=cardslot%2010
Title:
Jalapeno Strawberry Jam Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6684668.jpg
Ingredients:
4 cups crushed strawberries
1 cup minced jalapeno peppers
1/4 cup lemon juice
1 (2 ounce) package powdered fruit pectin
7 cups white sugar
8 half pint canning jars with lids and rings

Directions:
Place the crushed strawberries, minced jalapeno pepper, lemon juice, and pectin into a large saucepan, and bring to a boil over high heat. Once simmering, stir in the sugar until dissolved, return to a boil, and cook for 1 minute.
Sterilize the jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Pack the jam into the hot, sterilized jars, filling the jars to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a knife or a thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids, and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil over high heat, then carefully lower the jars into the pot using a holder. Leave a 2 inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary until the water level is at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a full boil, cover the pot, and process for 10 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart. Allow to cool overnight Once cool, press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
Lynette Sullivan
Description: 
This is a favorite in our family at Christmas.  This jam is not spicy, but can be made to be spicy by adding more peppers or a few habanero peppers.  The flavor of the sweet strawberries combined with the flavor of the peppers gives this jam a wonderful flavor dimension. The strawberries may be frozen (thawed and crushed) and the peppers may be canned (drained and chopped).
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Jams and Jellies

Number of ratings:
230 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.78695631027222
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
9 h
Number of servings: 
64
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
90 calories
0.1
g fat
23.1
g carbohydrates
0.1
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
< 1
mg sodium.
