URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/180754/citrus-marinated-cuban-pork-chops/
Title:
Citrus Marinated Cuban Pork Chops Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/265723.jpg
Ingredients:
2 naval oranges, zested and juiced
2 limes, zested and juiced
5 cloves garlic
1/2 cup loosely packed cilantro leaves
1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil
kosher salt and pepper to taste
2 (1 1/2 inches thick) boneless pork chops
1 cup shredded Swiss cheese
2 (3 ounce) ham steaks (1/4 inch thick)
2 dill pickle slices

Directions:
Place the orange juice, orange zest, lime juice, lime zest, garlic, cilantro, and olive oil in to a blender. Season to taste with kosher salt and pepper, then puree until smooth. Pour half of the vinaigrette into a resealable plastic bag. Refrigerate the remaining for use later as a sauce.
Cut each pork chop from one side through the middle horizontally to within one-half inch of the other side. Open the two sides and spread them out like an open book. Pound with a meat mallet to 1/4 inch thick, then place the pork chops into the bag with the marinade. Squeeze out any excess air, and refrigerate 4 to 6 hours.
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat, and lightly oil the grate. Remove the pork chops from the marinade, and shake off excess. Discard the remaining marinade.
Open the pork chops onto your work surface. Sprinkle 1/4 cup of the Swiss cheese on the bottom half of each pork chop. Cover the cheese with the ham steaks, then fan the sliced pickles on top of the ham steaks. Sprinkle the remaining Swiss cheese over the pickles. Fold the top half of the pork chop over the filling, and secure with several toothpicks.
Cook on the preheated grill until the pork is no longer pink in the center and the filling is hot, about 5 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of the filling should read 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). Serve with the reserved citrus vinaigrette drizzled overtop.

Submitter: 
jonnyd523
Description: 
These boneless pork chops are marinated in a citrus bath and filled with ham, Swiss cheese, and pickles and grilled to perfection. This is easy recipe that will leave your guests impressed with your culinary skill.
Categories:
Main Dish
Pork
Pork Chops
Stuffed

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3.75
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
4 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
1508 calories
100.4
g fat
32.9
g carbohydrates
116.1
g protein
309
mg cholesterol
1713
mg sodium.
