URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/181536/castle-cake/
Title:
Castle Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/987921.jpg
Ingredients:
Cake:
2 (18.25 ounce) boxes Betty Crocker® SuperMoist chocolate fudge cake mix
1 1/3 cups water
1/2 cup vegetable oil
3 eggs
Tray or cardboard (18x18 inches), covered with paper or foil
Frosting and Decorations:
2 (16 ounce) containers Betty Crocker® Rich and Creamy milk chocolate frosting
1 fudge-dipped ice cream cone
4 regular-size ice cream cones with pointed ends
5 miniature ice cream cones with pointed ends
1 (4.25 ounce) tube Betty Crocker® white decorating icing
Betty Crocker® blue sugar
Candy stars
5 rectangular vanilla sugar wafer cookies
Pretzel sticks
4 red cinnamon candies
Red string licorice
4 miniature peanut butter cup candies
4 red jujube candies
4 white gum balls
12 miniature chocolate-covered caramels

Directions:
Heat oven to 350 degrees F for shiny metal or glass pans (or 325 degrees F for dark or nonstick pans). Spray bottoms and sides of 4 (8-inch) square pans with baking spray with flour. In large bowl, beat both cake mixes with amounts of water, oil and eggs for both mixes as directed on box. Divide batter among pans (about 2 1/3 cups for each pan). Refrigerate 2 pans of batter while 2 pans bake.
Bake 2 pans at a time, following times on cake mix box for 8-inch round pans. Cool 10 minutes; remove from pans to cooling racks. Cool completely, about 30 minutes.
Cut off domed top from each cake so they will be flat when stacked. On tray, place cake A (see Note for diagram); spread with 1/3 cup chocolate frosting. Top with cake B; spread with 1/3 cup chocolate frosting. Top with cake C; spread with 1/3 cup chocolate frosting.
Cut fourth cake into quarters. Place one quarter (piece 1) on top of stacked cakes; spread top with 1 tablespoon chocolate frosting. Cut second quarter horizontally in half; place half of second quarter on top of first quarter and spread top with 1 tablespoon chocolate frosting. Cut third quarter into 2-inch square; place on center of cake stack. Freeze cake 1 hour. (Discard remaining cake or reserve for another use.)
Reserve 2 tablespoons frosting in resealable food-storage plastic bag. Spread remaining chocolate frosting over entire stacked cake. Place fudge-dipped cone upside down on center of cake. Place 4 regular ice cream cones upside down on corners of cake.
Dip edges of miniature cones in white decorating icing; sprinkle with colored sugar. Place upside down on top of larger cones. Top each cone with candy star, attaching with small amount of white icing.
Cut 1 wafer cookie in half crosswise. Snip tiny corner from bag of frosting; pipe frosting on 2 whole and 1 half cookies for window panes. Place windows on castle. Insert ends of pretzels slightly into cake for drawbridge. Place 2 cookies on drawbridge for door; press tops slightly against cake. Add cinnamon candies to doors and front of cake. Add licorice for bridge wire.
Place peanut butter cup candies upside down on 4 corners near top of castle. To make turrets, add red jujube candies and gum balls to peanut butter candies with small amount of white icing. Add caramels to front of cake for parapets. Store loosely covered at room temperature.

Submitter: 
Betty Crocker®
Description: 
Travel to the land of castles, princes and princesses with a delicious and fun cake.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
55 m
Ready in:
2 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
30
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
366 calories
31.3
g fat
60.2
g carbohydrates
3.2
g protein
17
mg cholesterol
411
mg sodium.
