URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/185891/grilled-stuffed-chicken-with-olive-and-caper-puree/
Title:
Grilled Stuffed Chicken With Olive and Caper Puree Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/1018379.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup pitted black olives
⅓ cup brined capers, drained
2 cloves garlic
¼ cup roughly chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley
¼ teaspoon dried crushed red pepper
¼ teaspoon ground black pepper
¼ teaspoon salt
6 tablespoons olive oil
3  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
olive oil
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium heat, and lightly oil the grate.
Place the olives, capers, garlic, parsley, crushed red pepper, 1/4 teaspoon black pepper, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 6 tablespoons olive oil in a blender or food processor; process until evenly blended into a smooth puree, adding more olive oil if needed to make smooth.
Using a small sharp knife, first cut each chicken breast in half. Then cut a pocket into the side of each piece of chicken, going to within 1/2 inch of each edge. Stuff each pocket of the chicken liberally with the olive puree. Close the pockets with toothpicks. Brush olive oil over the entire outer surface of the chicken; season with salt and pepper.
Cook the chicken breasts, turning once, until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 12 to 15 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).

Submitter: 
Peter Alfieri
Description: 
I came up with this recipe because chicken breast by itself is rather bland in flavor. After several attempts, I finally came up with this full-flavored yet easy to make grilled chicken. It combines sophisticated Italian elements while being a simple indoor/outdoor grilling dish.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
14 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.29
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
35 mins
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
473 calories
39.6
g fat
5
g carbohydrates
25.6
g protein
67
mg cholesterol
1123
mg sodium.
