URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/186731/jian-bing-chinese-crepes/
Title:
Jian Bing (Chinese Crepes) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5169864.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons millet flour
2 tablespoons soy milk
1/2 teaspoon vegetable oil
1 teaspoon water, if needed
1 tablespoon Chinese black bean sauce
1 teaspoon water
1/2 teaspoon Asian chile pepper sauce, or to taste
1 teaspoon water
cooking spray
1 egg, beaten
1/2 green onion, sliced
1 tablespoon torn fresh cilantro leaves
2 whole crackers

Directions:
Whisk together millet flour, soy milk, and vegetable oil in a bowl to make a batter the consistency of heavy cream. Add a teaspoon of water to thin the batter, if necessary.
Mash the black bean sauce in a small bowl with 1 teaspoon of water to make it easy to spread. In a separate small bowl, mix the hot chili sauce with 1 teaspoon of water.  Set the sauces aside.
Spray a large skillet generously with cooking spray, and heat over medium-low heat. Pour the batter into the skillet, and spread evenly to make a thin crepe. Cook the crepe for 1 to 2 minutes, until firm. Pour the egg evenly over the crepe. Cook an additional 1 to 2 minutes, until the egg is set. Sprinkle the crepe with green onion slices and cilantro leaves, pressing them firmly into the cooked egg.
Flip the crepe and spread with bean sauce and chili sauce. Place the crackers in the center of the crepe, leaving about 1/4 inch of space between the two crackers. Flip the top third of the crepe down over the crackers, flip the bottom third up, and then fold the crepe in half so the crackers are stacked on top of each other in a tidy package. Serve hot.

Submitter: 
meowypurr
Description: 
Quick and Easy! There are many variations of Jian Bing, a.k.a. Chinese Crepe; this is only one. I use scallions and cilantro in this recipe, but others use different ingredients, such as sunflower seeds. Instead of crackers one can also use Chinese fried dough (You Tiao). Enjoy!
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Crepes
Savory

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
20 m
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
220 calories
11.2
g fat
20.1
g carbohydrates
10.1
g protein
186
mg cholesterol
266
mg sodium.
