URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/187351/exchange-gang-pasta-with-shrimp/
Title:
Exchange Gang Pasta with Shrimp Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/472948.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 pound spaghetti
4 tablespoons butter, divided
2 shallots, minced
1 cup diced mushrooms
1 cup grape tomatoes, quartered
2 cloves garlic, minced
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 pound uncooked medium shrimp, peeled and deveined
1/4 cup white wine
2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice
2 cups torn fresh spinach leaves
1/2 cup half-and-half cream
1/4 cup shredded Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat. Stir in the spaghetti, and return to a boil. Cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the pasta is cooked through, but still firm to the bite, about 12 minutes. Drain; toss with 2 tablespoons of the butter.
Melt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat, and cook and stir the shallots and mushrooms until the mushrooms are tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in the grape tomatoes and garlic, season with salt and pepper, and cook and stir until tomatoes are heated through, about 3 minutes. Add the shrimp, and cook until the shrimp just begins to turn pink, stirring occasionally.
Stir in the white wine and lemon juice, reduce the heat to medium-low, and simmer until shrimp are opaque, about 5 minutes. Stir in the spinach; once spinach has wilted, stir in the half-and-half and Parmesan cheese. Simmer until all ingredients are heated through and the sauce is slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Serve over the cooked spaghetti.

Submitter: 
Keri
Description: 
I have made several friends on the Recipe Exchange here.  One of them posted a request asking other members to each suggest one ingredient and challenged me to make a dish out of only those ingredients, plus salt and pepper.  After 15 minutes, she gave me the list.  People had so much fun participating and I had a blast creating the dish.  It turned out so good that my kids licked their plates!  Everyone who participated deserves credit for creating the dish, so I have given their display names next to their ingredient.  The recipe you see here is the result of that incredibly fun challenge.
Categories:
Main Dish
Pasta
Shrimp

Number of ratings:
181 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.61878442764282
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
512 calories
18.5
g fat
52.8
g carbohydrates
31.1
g protein
218
mg cholesterol
409
mg sodium.
