URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/189576/chicken-meatballs-and-spaghetti/?src=VD_Summary
Title:
Chicken Meatballs and Spaghetti Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1 (16 ounce) can crushed tomatoes
1 (8 ounce) can diced tomatoes
3 (6 ounce) cans tomato paste
2 ¼ cups water
1 tablespoon dried basil
salt and pepper, to taste
2 pounds ground chicken
1 cup dry bread crumbs
½ cup grated Parmesan cheese
2  eggs, lightly beaten
2 tablespoons Italian seasoning
salt and pepper, to taste
cooking spray
1 (16 ounce) package whole-wheat spaghetti

Directions:
Stir together the crushed tomatoes, diced tomatoes, tomato paste, water, and basil in a large saucepan over medium heat.  Salt and pepper to taste.  Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer for 15 minutes while preparing meatballs.
Mix together the ground chicken, bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese, eggs, Italian seasoning, salt, and pepper in a medium bowl.  Roll into 1 inch balls.  Heat a large skillet over medium heat, and coat with cooking spray. Brown the meatballs on all sides.  Add meatballs to the simmering pasta sauce and cook until internal temperature of meatballs reaches a minimum of 160 degrees F (72 degrees C), about 30 minutes.
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water, and bring to a rolling boil over high heat. Once the water is boiling, stir in the spaghetti, and return to a boil. Cook until the pasta has cooked through, but is still firm to the bite, about 12 minutes. Drain. Serve the meatballs and sauce over the cooked spaghetti.

Submitter: 
Kimberly Anne Thomas
Description: 
Chicken meatballs and spaghetti is a great alternative to beef or pork.  Now, I love beef and pork, but I wanted to give my family something different.  This is a recipe for a family of five, plus a little extra for leftovers.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
94 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 5 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
491 calories
8.3
g fat
65.9
g carbohydrates
42.4
g protein
120
mg cholesterol
876
mg sodium.
