URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/190302/chicken-in-mole-sauce/
Title:
Chicken in Mole Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3395076.jpg
Ingredients:
2 (2 pound) bone-in chickens, giblets removed
1 large onion, cut into chunks
3 cloves garlic, chopped
1 (14 ounce) can chicken broth
2 tablespoons chili powder
20 blanched almonds
1/4 cup diced firm ripe banana
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 teaspoon salt
2 corn tortillas, torn into small pieces
2 tablespoons sesame seeds
1 tablespoon pine nuts (optional)
6 tablespoons butter
1 (1 ounce) square semisweet chocolate

Directions:
Cut the chickens into pieces, reserving the breasts. Place chicken pieces except the breasts in a deep saucepan over medium heat; add the onion, garlic, and chicken broth. Cover the pan and simmer 25 minutes.
Cut the breasts into halves and add to the saucepan; simmer until the chicken breasts are no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, about 20 minutes more. An instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Remove the chicken to a cutting board. Remove the skin and bones from the chicken; cut the meat into bite sized pieces.
Strain the broth through a fine mesh strainer, reserving the liquid and discarding the onion, garlic, and skimmed fat. If you have less than 3 cups of reserved liquid, add water to make 3 cups. If you have more than 3 cups, return to the pan and bring to a boil; cook until volume of liquid reduces to 3 cups.
Combine the chili powder, almonds, banana, cinnamon, salt, tortilla pieces, sesame seeds, and pine nuts in a blender. Blend on low, slowly adding the reserved liquid in a stream until the mixture is smooth. Pour the mixture and remaining liquid into a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the butter and chocolate; cook and stir until the butter and chocolate have melted. Stir the chicken pieces into the sauce; continue cooking until the chicken is heated completely through, 5 to 10 minutes.

Submitter: 
deondra
Description: 
Chocolate is the surprising ingredient in this one. Serve it over rice or with a side of veggies.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Sauces
Mole Sauce

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
875 calories
63.8
g fat
14.6
g carbohydrates
60.1
g protein
259
mg cholesterol
1026
mg sodium.
