URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/19048/fantasy-fudge-in-a-cloud/
Title:
Fantasy Fudge in a Cloud Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/213671.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (18.25 ounce) package yellow cake mix
1 (3.3 ounce) package instant white chocolate pudding mix
1 cup milk
1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, room temperature
1 (8 ounce) container frozen whipped topping, thawed
3 bananas, sliced
1 cup chopped toasted pecans
1 1/4 cups chocolate fudge topping
1 (21 ounce) can cherry pie filling

Directions:
Prepare cake according to package directions and bake in a 9x13 inch pan.  Let cool completely.  Cut half the cake into 1-inch cubes (saving the other half for another dessert).
In a large bowl, beat together pudding mix and milk until thick and creamy.  Beat in cream cheese until fluffy.  Fold in half the whipped topping.
In a large punch or trifle bowl, layer one-third of the cake cubes, one-third of the cream cheese mixture, one-third of the banana slices and one-third of the pecans.  Top with one-third of the fudge sauce.
Repeat cake and cream cheese layers and top with half the cherry pie filling.  Cover the pie filling with one-third of the bananas, one-third of the pecans and one-third of the fudge sauce.
Repeat step 4, omitting the pecan layer.  Top with remaining whipped topping; drizzle with remaining fudge sauce; and sprinkle with remaining pecans.  Refrigerate 4 hours before serving.

Submitter: 
Dana Campbell
Description: 
Rich, white chocolate infused, cream cheese clouds are layered with buttery yellow cake, bananas, cherries, and toasted pecans, and smothered with fudge topping and whipped cream.  This is a fudge sundae at its best --  better yet, feed it to your honey and he'll swoon from the sweetness of it all! Oh, yeah, small portions recommended.
Categories:
Desserts
Specialty Desserts
Trifles

Number of ratings:
32 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
353 calories
15.5
g fat
49.8
g carbohydrates
3.9
g protein
14
mg cholesterol
281
mg sodium.
