URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/19398626/espresso---chocolate-cheesecake/
Title:
Espresso - Chocolate Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Crust:
1 cup crushed chocolate cookies
2 T. sugar
1/4 cup butter, melted
Filling:
24 oz. cream cheese, softened
1 cup sugar
3 T. instant espresso powder
1/4 cup boiling water
3 eggs
1 cup high quality chocolate, chopped

Directions:
Crust:
Spray bottom and sides of a 10 inch springform pan with non-stick cooking spray. Combine crushed cookies, sugar and melted butter; press evenly into bottom of pan.
Filling:
Pour boiling water over espresso powder; stir until dissolved. Melt chocolate in double boiler, or microwave for 20 second itervals. Do not melt chocolate completely; remove from heat source while there are still visible lumps; stir by hand intil smooth and shiny. Using lowest speed, mix cream cheese and sugar until combined. Pour in dissolved espresso powder; scrape bowl and continue mixing until uniform in color. Blend in each egg one by one. Remove 1/2 cup batter and mix into bowl of melted chocolate by hand. When smooth, scrape chocolate batter back into mixing bowl and resume mixing on lowest speed until mixture is consistent color.
Pour filling into crust. Wrap pan in two layers of aluminum foil, bringing foil up sides of pan to form boat. Place on deep cookie sheet in center of oven; fill cookie sheet with water. Place an additional pan of water on oven's bottom rack. Bake at 300 degrees for 1 hr and 15 min or until center is set; allow to rest 30 min. Loosen cake from pan's rim, remove rim and smooth sides with butter knife. For optional finishing touches, drizzle with melted chocolate or cover with crushed chocolate cookies. Chill at least 3 hours. Serve chilled or at room temperature.

Submitter: 
Bren
Description: 
Rich espresso, decadent chocolate and cream cheese. Need I say more?
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min.
Ready in:
1 hr. 45 min.
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
