URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/19452735/bryces-chicken-noodle-soup/
Title:
Bryce's Chicken Noodle Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the chicken:
7 1/2 lbs of boneless, skinless chicken breasts; trimmed of all fat
2 T. whole, black peppercorns
2 T. sea salt
1 t. dry rubbed sage
1 six pack of Shiner Bock beer (this is of course, for the chef)
The rest of it
1 large onion, chopped
5 cloves of garlic, minced
3 celery stalks, cut into 1/2" pieces
2 large carrots, 1/2" pieces.
1 large shallot, sliced very fine
The leaves from 3 sprigs of rosemary, roughly chopped.
2 t. dried basil
2 t. dried oregano
1 1/2 t. dried thyme
1 T. ground cumin
1 T. paprika
2 bay leaves
1 T. Course ground black pepper
1/2 T. Sea Salt
1 t. Celery Salt.
2 pinches of dried red pepper flakes.
4 pkgs of Bertolli fresh fettuccine noodles, laid flat and cut to 1" pieces.
3 T. dried parsley leaves, set aside.
1 Six pack of Shiner Bock (once again, for the chef)
4 49oz cans of low sodium chicken broth.

Directions:
Place all the "for the chicken" ingredients into a 16 qt stock pot and cover them with water. Bring that to a boil and leave it the hell alone for about an hour.
While that is on the boiling phase, it's time to move forth with the rest
I cannot stress the importance of beer during the cooking process. Get all of this prepared while the chicken is being boiled.
Put the first 6 ingredients in a bowl and let it hang out by the stove for a while. In a separate ramekin, get your measuring spoons out an combine the next 10 ingredients and set aside. Drink a beer. Chop those noodles up, and also set aside.
Drink a beer. When the chicken is ready, and it should be nearly falling apart now, strain the water, discarding the peppercorns that will undoubtedly get stuck in the coriander.
While the chicken is cooling down enough to handle, return the stock pot to the stove, and on med-high heat, saute the bowl of veggies with some olive oil until they are relatively soft..about 6 minutes or so.
Drink a beer.
Pour in the chicken broth and add the herbs and spices to the pot while bringing the heat up to high now.
When the chicken has cooled, begin tearing the chicken into little pieces, big enough to notice, but small enough to remain in the spoon with room for a carrot or so and some noodles. DO NOT CUT THE CHICKEN UP. Doing this will cause me to shoot you in the head with my trouser snake.
Tear it up.
Once you are done tearing the chicken up, add it back into the pot.
Drink a beer.
When the liquid comes to a rolling boil, add the noodles.
Since these noodles are fresh and not dried, you need only boil em for about 2 1/2 to 3 minutes and they're done.
So about halfway through that, throw in that left out parsley that you wondering what the  to do with by now.
When the noodles are done. Presto! You're done. Remove the pot from the stove. Put it on the counter.
Grab another beer and a bowl and procede to warm yourselves to the best chicken noodle soup, um, ever.

Submitter: 
Caroline C. Lewis
Description: 

Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
