URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/195181/thai-lettuce-wraps-with-satay-pork-strips/
Title:
Thai Lettuce Wraps with Satay Pork Strips Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/990813.jpg
Ingredients:
4 boneless top loin pork chops, cut 1-inch thick
Vegetable oil cooking spray
Marinade:
1/2 cup hoisin sauce
1/3 cup low-fat sesame ginger salad dressing
Wraps:
2 large heads butterhead lettuce, leaves separated
2 medium carrots, peeled and cut into 2-inch matchsticks
1/2 English cucumber, cut into 2-inch matchsticks
2 ounces thin rice noodles (vermicelli-style)
16 sprigs fresh cilantro, stems removed
Sauce:
1/4 cup prepared Thai sweet chili sauce
1/4 cup prepared Thai peanut sauce
1 tablespoon fresh lime juice
1/4 teaspoon sugar (optional)

Directions:
Place chops in large self-sealing plastic bag; combine marinade ingredients in small bowl and pour over chops. Seal bag and refrigerate 1 to 4 hours. Remove from refrigerator 30 minutes prior to grilling.
Meanwhile, spray cold grill grate with vegetable oil cooking spray. Prepare medium-hot fire in charcoal grill or preheat gas grill to medium-high. Arrange coals or burners so there is a medium zone for finishing chops.
When ready to grill, remove chops from marinade (discarding marinade). Grill pork directly over medium-high fire until seared, 3 minutes per side. Slide chops to cooler part of grill, cover, and continue to grill until the internal temperature reaches 155 degrees F, about 5 minutes longer. Transfer to cutting board and let rest for 5 minutes before slicing.
While pork is resting, soak rice noodles in very hot water for 10 minutes, then drain. Arrange stack of large lettuce leaves attractively on large serving platter. Place carrots, cucumber, rice noodles, and cilantro leaves in small dishes and arrange on serving platter. Combine sauce ingredients and transfer sauce to small bowl or ramekin.
Cut pork into thin slices. If desired, lay 3 medium-sized leaves of lettuce on serving platter and arrange pork on lettuce.
To assemble, let each guest place a lettuce leaf on an appetizer plate. Mound a bit of rice noodles, carrot, and cucumber on lettuce; top with a few slices of pork. Drizzle with sauce and add a couple cilantro leaves. Fold over the lettuce to form a roll and enjoy.

Submitter: 
National Pork Board
Description: 
Not only is this appetizer beautiful as a presentation, but it is a fun appetizer to eat. Guests get to assemble their own, picking and choosing among the condiments and sauces. For the host, everything can be done ahead, even the pork. Marinate and grill the pork early in the day, or even the day before, and refrigerate the chops. Slice the pork just before serving. The sauces can be made and placed in serving bowls several hours ahead; the condiments can be assembled on the platter and then covered and refrigerated ready to serve.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.7142858505249
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
193 calories
6.9
g fat
22.3
g carbohydrates
10.8
g protein
22
mg cholesterol
530
mg sodium.
