URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/196877/coconut-tamari-mushroom-soup/
Title:
Coconut-Tamari Mushroom Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6767211.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cubes vegetable bouillon
6 cups boiling water
4 cups sliced fresh mushrooms
3 tablespoons dried wakame (brown) seaweed
3 tablespoons olive oil
3 cloves garlic, minced
2 (14 ounce) cans coconut milk
1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro
1 lime, juiced
1 teaspoon tamari, or to taste

Directions:
Dissolve the vegetable bouillon cubes in the boiling water, then stir in the sliced mushrooms; set aside for 20 minutes. Place the seaweed in a small bowl, and cover with warm water; set aside.
Heat the olive oil in a large saucepan over medium-low heat. Stir in the garlic and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Strain the mushrooms from the vegetable broth and squeeze dry; reserve the broth. Stir the mushrooms into the pot; cook and stir until the mushrooms have browned and are tender, about 15 minutes. Pour in the coconut milk and reserved vegetable broth. Drain the wakame and squeeze out excess water. Add the wakame to the pot along with the cilantro, lime juice, and tamari. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer to let the flavors mingle, about 20 minutes.

Submitter: 
A
Description: 
A lovely creamy Thai mushroom soup without the cream. I had something similar to this at a local vegan restaurant that imposes a no-waste policy upon its patrons.  I loved the soup, so when I got home I recreated it. It is incredibly simple to make, and incredibly delicious.  I would also like to mention that it's best served with a dense bread to dip into the soup. I find olive bread or a spicy bread compliments well. I like to use Better Than Bouillon® mushroom broth for this soup.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Vegetable Soup

Number of ratings:
10 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
251 calories
26.1
g fat
5.4
g carbohydrates
3.4
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
82
mg sodium.
