URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/202754/super-bean-pie/
Title:
Super Bean Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/951398.jpg
Ingredients:
2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour (spooned and leveled), plus more for rolling and cutting out dough
2 tablespoons white sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup vegetable shortening, chilled
1 1/2 cups butter
6 tablespoons ice water
1/2 cup dried great Northern beans, soaked overnight
1/2 cup dry garbanzo beans, soaked overnight
1/2 cup dry navy beans, soaked overnight
1/2 cup dry black beans, soaked overnight
1/2 cup dried black-eyed peas, soaked overnight
1/2 cup dry mixed lentils, soaked overnight
1/2 cup dried pinto beans, soaked overnight
1/2 cup dry kidney beans, soaked overnight
1/4 cup olive oil
1/2 cup prepared hummus
1 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1 teaspoon ground ginger
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 teaspoon ground allspice
1/2 teaspoon cream of tartar
1 tablespoon vanilla extract

Directions:
Whisk together the flour, sugar, and salt in a mixing bowl. Cut in the chilled shortening and butter with a knife or pastry blender until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. (This can also be done in a food processor: pulse the cold shortening and butter until it's the size of small peas. Turn mixture into a bowl and proceed.) Add the ice water a tablespoon at a time, tossing with a fork, until the flour mixture is moistened. Do not add more water than you need: when you squeeze a handful of the moistened pastry mixture, it should form a ball. Divide the dough in half and shape into balls. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or up to three days. Roll one ball out to fit a 9 inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate and chill for at least 20 minutes before baking. Roll out top crust and set aside.
Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Drain the great Northern beans, garbanzo beans, navy beans, black beans, black-eyed peas, lentils, pinto beans, and kidney beans and place in a food processor. Blend beans while slowly drizzling the olive oil into the mixture. Blend in the hummus. Pour the batter into a large mixing bowl and stir in the nutmeg, ginger, cinnamon, allspice, cream of tartar, and vanilla extract. Pour the batter into the pie crust and smooth with a spatula. Place the second pie crust on top. Seal the edges using a fork.
Bake in the preheated oven until a knife inserted into the center comes out clean, about 45 minutes. Cool in the pans for 10 minutes before removing to cool completely on a wire rack.

Submitter: 
TaurusChefNYC
Description: 
For the legume fanatic, have this for dessert or as a side. A major bean infusion pour into a nutty crust. WARNING: Soak the beans to release any gassy properties.
Categories:
Desserts
Pies

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
2
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
10 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
1078 calories
70
g fat
90.1
g carbohydrates
25.1
g protein
92
mg cholesterol
644
mg sodium.
