URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/203137/baked-lemon-basil-pasta/
Title:
Baked Lemon-Basil Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/352986.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cups bow tie pasta
1  skinless, boneless chicken breast half - cut into bite-size pieces
1 teaspoon lemon pepper
¼ cup margarine
2 tablespoons olive oil
2 cloves garlic, minced
¼ cup white wine
2 cups sour cream
1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil
1  lemon, zested and juiced
¼ cup grated Parmesan cheese
¼ cup grated mozzarella cheese
1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley
½ cup torn fresh spinach

Directions:
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat. Stir in the bow tie pasta; return to a boil. Cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the pasta is cooked through, but still firm to the bite, about 10 minutes. Drain.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Season chicken with lemon pepper.
Melt the margarine with the olive oil in a skillet over medium heat; cook and stir the chicken pieces until no longer pink in the center. Remove the chicken pieces, and place them in the bottom of a casserole dish.
To the same skillet, add the garlic, white wine, sour cream, basil, lemon zest, and 1/2 of the lemon juice. Bring the mixture to a boil, stirring constantly. Remove the skillet from the heat; stir in the pasta. Spoon the pasta and sauce mixture over the chicken. Cover with foil.
Bake in the preheated oven until heated through, about 15 minutes. Uncover, sprinkle evenly with Parmesan cheese, mozzarella cheese, parsley, spinach, and drizzle with the remaining lemon juice. Bake, uncovered, for 10 minutes.

Submitter: 
Brennan Cartwright
Description: 
I was a little unsure about the idea behind this pasta when my wife ordered something similar in a restaurant.  But we both loved it and knew that we had to go home and try to replicate it.  Here is what we came up with!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
158 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.24
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
398 calories
30.7
g fat
20
g carbohydrates
11.5
g protein
49
mg cholesterol
299
mg sodium.
