URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/203200/squashed-washington/
Title:
Squashed Washington Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4131599.jpg
Ingredients:
1 spaghetti squash, halved and seeded
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 cup water
1 pound Italian sausage links
2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil
2 white onions, diced
1 clove garlic, minced
2 teaspoons oregano
3 Washington apples - peeled, cored, and sliced into rings
1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil
4 ounces sliced almonds
6 ounces shredded Monterey Jack cheese

Directions:
Preheat an oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Season the squash with salt and pepper. Place the squash halves with the cut side down into a glass baking dish. Pour the water into the dish.
Bake the squash in the preheated oven for 1 hour. Scrape the squash with a fork into a bowl. Save the dish for later use. Keep the oven hot.
Cook the Italian sausage in a large skillet over medium heat until browned on all sides, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove the sausage from the skillet, reserving the oil, and set aside to cool. Add 2 teaspoons olive oil to the skillet and allow to get hot; cook and stir the onions and garlic in the hot oil until the garlic is browned and the onions are translucent, 7 to 10 minutes. Chop the cooked sausage and add to the mixture along with the squash. Season with the oregano, salt, and pepper. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Transfer the mixture to the glass baking dish.
Arrange the apple slices over the mixture in the baking dish. Drizzle 1 teaspoon olive oil over the apples. Scatter the almonds over the apples and sprinkle with the Monterey Jack cheese.
Bake in the preheated oven until the the cheese is melted completely, about 15 minutes. Serve hot.

Submitter: 
travXrose
Description: 
It's style and substance in one dish. This delectable spaghetti squash is full of classic flavors placed in a modern arrangement. Sausage and spaghetti squash glazed over by sliced almonds and apples all baked in with a cover of Monterey Jack cheese seal in the flavor of this elegant dish and will impress your friends and family with its beautiful presentation. Make sure you're using apples from Washington!
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Pork
Sausage

Number of ratings:
22 Ratings
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
762 calories
53.3
g fat
41.2
g carbohydrates
33.3
g protein
82
mg cholesterol
1207
mg sodium.
