URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/203702/canned-mint-jelly/
Title:
Canned Mint Jelly Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/248740.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup packed fresh mint leaves, chopped
1 cup water
1/2 cup cider vinegar
3 1/2 cups white sugar
5 drops green food coloring
1 (3 ounce) pouch liquid pectin
9 half pint canning jars with lids and rings

Directions:
Mix the mint, water, vinegar, and sugar together in a heavy-bottomed pan over medium-high heat; quickly bring to a boil while stirring. Immediately remove from heat; stir the food coloring and pectin into the mixture. Return the pan to the heat; bring to a full boil for 30 seconds. Immediately remove from heat. Strain the mixture through 2 layers of damp cheesecloth.
Sterilize the jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Pack the strained liquid into the hot, sterilized jars, filling the jars to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a knife or a thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil over high heat; carefully lower the jars into the pot using a holder. Leave a 2-inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary until the water level is at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a full boil, cover the pot, and process for 15 minutes.

Submitter: 
Brian E. Nahodil
Description: 
This easy to make mint jelly is a perfect accompaniment to lamb or as an added surprise to an exotic sandwich. It's even great on toast. By coarsely chopping the mint leaves and using a good abundance of green food coloring, you get a full-flavored resort with a tempting and appetizing color. Bon Appetit!
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Jams and Jellies

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
72
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
calories
fat
carbohydrates
protein
cholesterol
sodium.
