URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/204146/broccoli-mac-and-cheese-with-bacon-and-potato-nugget-topping/
Title:
Broccoli Mac and Cheese with Bacon and Potato Nugget Topping Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/4509737.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (16 ounce) package elbow macaroni
6 slices bacon
2 teaspoons butter
1 head broccoli, cut into florets
1 small onion, chopped
3  eggs
2 cups milk
salt and pepper to taste
¼ teaspoon adobo seasoning
2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese, divided
2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese, divided
20  frozen bite-size potato nuggets (such as Tater Tots(<sup>&reg;</sup>))

Directions:
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat. Once the water is boiling, stir in the macaroni, and return to a boil. Cook the pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the pasta has cooked through, but is still firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Drain well in a colander set in the sink.
Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Place the bacon in a large, deep skillet, and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain the bacon slices on a paper towel-lined plate. Crumble the bacon and set aside. Heat 1 teaspoon of butter in a skillet over medium heat. Stir in the broccoli and onion; cook and stir until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes.
Whisk together the eggs, the remaining 1 teaspoon of butter, and milk in a large bowl. Season with salt, pepper, and adobo seasoning. Stir in 1 cup of Cheddar cheese, 1 cup of mozzarella cheese, the broccoli mixture and half of the potato nuggets. Place macaroni into the baking dish and pour the cheese mixture over the pasta, mixing well. Top with the remaining 1 cup of Cheddar cheese, 1 cup of mozzarella, bacon, and potato nuggets. Cover with aluminum foil.
Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, 40 to 45 minutes.

Submitter: 
Cookin' Care!
Description: 
I was feeling adventurous one day and wanted to try a non ooey and gooey kind of mac and cheese. This dish bakes up to be light and airy. Good way to add some veggies for the picky eaters in your family.  You can also make it lower in fat by using skim milk and low fat cheeses.  If you're feeling adventurous, there are many other things you could toss in here such as ham-diced and browned, left over sliced chicken, more potato nuggets or more bacon, spinach, or other veggies hanging out in the fridge that need to be used up.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
33 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.79
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 30 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
544 calories
23.5
g fat
53.8
g carbohydrates
29.7
g protein
133
mg cholesterol
655
mg sodium.
