URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/204217/wonder-bread-curried-chicken-salad-appetizer-croustades/
Title:
Wonder Bread Curried Chicken Salad Appetizer Croustades Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/991466.jpg
Ingredients:
12 slices Wonder® Classic White Bread
1/2 cup light sour cream
2 tablespoons orange marmalade
3/4 teaspoon curry powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
1 medium rib celery, finely chopped
1 green onion, finely chopped
1/2 red bell pepper, finely diced
1 (9.75 ounce) can white chunk chicken breast, drained
3 tablespoons finely chopped roasted peanuts
12 red grapes, sliced in half

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
Wonder Bread Croustades:  Cut crusts from Wonder Bread and flatten with a rolling pin until quite flat, about 1/8-inch thick. Cut circles from the bread with a 2 1/2-inch round cookie cutter. (You can cut 2 circles from each slice of bread.)
Lightly brush mini-muffin pan with melted butter. Gently press each round of bread into a mini-muffin cup, forming it into a bowl shape. Repeat, making as many Croustades as specified in the recipe.
Bake about 9 to 10 minutes, or until golden brown.
Cool slightly, then remove the Croustades from the pan and allow them to cool completely on a wire rack.
Curried Chicken Salad: In a medium bowl combine the sour cream, marmalade, curry powder, salt and pepper. Add the celery, green onions, red pepper and chicken breast.  Stir to combine; flaking the chicken into small pieces.  Gently fold in peanuts.
Fill Croustades and top with a red grape half.

Submitter: 
Wonder® bread
Description: 
Baked until hot and crispy, these bread cups are the perfect 'bowl' for your favorite filling. Make appetizer Croustades in mini-muffin pans or main dish Croustades in regular muffin pans. Either way, they'll not only taste good, they'll help your family feel good, too. Because now, just two slices of Wonder Classic White Bread have as much calcium as eight ounces of milk.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
139 calories
4.7
g fat
17.6
g carbohydrates
8
g protein
18
mg cholesterol
351
mg sodium.
