URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/204228/wonder-bread-mushroom-appetizer-croustades/
Title:
Wonder® Bread Mushroom Appetizer Croustades Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/990514.jpg
Ingredients:
12 slices Wonder® Classic White Bread
3 tablespoons butter
2 green onions, chopped
8 ounces button mushrooms, finely diced
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 cup light whipping cream
1 tablespoon chopped flat-leaf parsley
1/2 teaspoon lemon juice
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper
2 tablespoons shredded Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
Wonder Bread Croustades: Cut crusts from Wonder Bread and flatten with a rolling pin until quite flat, about 1/8-inch thick. Cut circles from the bread with a 2 1/2-inch round cookie cutter. (You can cut 2 circles from each slice of bread.)
Lightly brush mini-muffin pan with melted butter. Gently press each round of bread into a mini-muffin cup, forming it into a bowl shape. Repeat, making as many Croustades as specified in the recipe.
Bake about 9 to 10 minutes, or until golden brown. Leave them in the muffin pans; set aside.
Reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F.
Mushroom Filling: Melt butter in medium skillet over medium high heat. Cook green onions and mushrooms about 4 to 5 minutes or until moisture evaporates, stirring occasionally.
Sprinkle with flour and stir well. Add cream and bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Continue cooking until mixture thickens.  Remove from heat and stir in parsley, lemon juice and cayenne pepper. Fill cups and sprinkle with Parmesan cheese.
Bake for 7 to 10 minutes.

Submitter: 
Wonder® bread
Description: 
Baked until hot and crispy, these bread cups are the perfect 'bowl' for your favorite filling. Make appetizer Croustades in mini-muffin pans or main dish Croustades in regular muffin pans. Either way, they'll not only taste good, they'll help your family feel good, too. Because now, just two slices of Wonder Classic White Bread have as much calcium as eight ounces of milk.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
99 calories
3.7
g fat
14.9
g carbohydrates
3.1
g protein
8
mg cholesterol
165
mg sodium.
