URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/204952/san-diego-grilled-chicken/
Title:
San Diego Grilled Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/620268.jpg
Ingredients:
2  oranges, zested and juiced
2  lemons, zested and juiced
2  limes, zested and juiced
1 teaspoon ground coriander
½ teaspoon dried red pepper flakes
2 tablespoons olive oil
¼ cup wildflower honey
6  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - pounded to about 3/4-inch thickness
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Stir the orange zest, orange juice, lemon zest, lemon juice, lime zest, lime juice, coriander, red pepper flakes, olive oil, and honey together in a shallow dish. Remove about 1/4 cup of the mixture and set aside for later. Add the chicken breasts to the remaining marinade, turning to coat both sides. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate, turning occasionally, 1 to 4 hours.
Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat, and lightly oil the grate. Remove the chicken breasts from the marinade; discard the marinade.
Basting frequently with the reserved sauce, cook the chicken on the preheated grill until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 5 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).

Submitter: 
Osider760
Description: 
This is a Southern California version of sweet and sour chicken, marinated and grilled with a little extra spice. Great for all barbeque lovers. I usually serve cut into lengths with fresh cilantro, homemade salsa, guacamole, black beans, and flour tortillas warmed on the grill. A little good Southern California karma never hurts anyone. This recipe is light enough to offset the first 2 margaritas. GO CHARGERS!!!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
80 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.26
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 30 mins
Number of servings: 
1 hr
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
251 calories
7.5
g fat
24.7
g carbohydrates
24.8
g protein
65
mg cholesterol
84
mg sodium.
