URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/205572/chicken-bread-bowl/
Title:
Chicken Bread Bowl Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1 teaspoon active dry yeast
⅔ cup warm water
1 tablespoon brown sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoons butter, softened
2 cups all-purpose flour
3  skinless, boneless chicken thighs, cut into 1/2-inch dice
2 slices kiwi, mashed
1 teaspoon dried oregano
½ teaspoon ground cumin
2 teaspoons taco seasoning
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 clove garlic, minced
1 small onion, diced
¾ cup chicken broth
1  tomato, chopped
¼ cup Cheddar cheese, shredded, divided
⅓ cup Parmesan cheese
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon Italian seasoning
½ teaspoon garlic powder
2 teaspoons butter, softened

Directions:
Sprinkle the yeast over 2/3 cup of warm water in a small bowl. The water should be no more than 100 degrees F (40 degrees C). Let stand for 5 minutes until the yeast softens and begins to form a creamy foam.  Mix brown sugar, 1 teaspoon of salt, and butter together in a small bowl. Combine the yeast mixture with the brown sugar mixture in a large mixing bowl; stir well to combine. Stir in 1 cup of flour until no dry spots remain. Stir in the remaining 1 cup of flour, a 1/2 cup at a time, mixing well after each addition.
When the dough has pulled together, turn it out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic, about 8 minutes. Lightly oil a large bowl, then place the dough in the bowl and turn to coat with oil. Cover with a light cloth and let rise in a warm place (80 to 95 degrees F (27 to 35 degrees C)) until doubled in volume, about 1 hour.
Meanwhile, combine chicken thighs, kiwi, oregano, cumin, taco seasoning, 1 teaspoon of salt, and 1 teaspoon of flour; set aside.  Heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Stir in the garlic and onion; cook and stir until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in the chicken thighs; cook and stir for 5 minutes. Pour in the chicken broth and simmer over medium-low heat until the chicken thighs are until no longer pink in the center, about 10 minutes. Stir in the tomato; cook for about 2 minutes. Remove from heat and mix in half of the Cheddar cheese; set aside.
Preheat an oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Deflate the dough and turn it out onto a lightly floured surface. Use a knife to divide the dough into three equal pieces-don't tear it. Coat three equally sized oven safe glass or ceramic bowls with oil and place a piece of dough into each bowl. Take three smaller oven safe glass or ceramic bowls and coat the outside of each bowl with oil. Press the smaller bowl into the larger bowl, leaving about 1/2 an inch between the bowls. Allow bread to rise, while continuously pushing the smaller bowl into the larger bowl, about 10 minutes.
Combine Parmesan cheese, black pepper, Italian seasoning, and garlic powder in a small bowl. Brush the edges of the dough with butter, then sprinkle with with the Parmesan cheese mixture. Place bowls on a baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Allow bowls to cool for 10 minutes, then remove both small and large glass bowls. Fill each bread bowl with the chicken mixture and sprinkle with the remaining Cheddar cheese. Return the filled bread bowls to the oven and bake until the Cheddar cheese melts, about 5 minutes.

Submitter: 
kinse10
Description: 
A a cheesy taco like chicken in a bowl made of bread. My friend would always make this for her 3 year old kid and he loves it!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
4 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.25
Prep time: 
1 hr 20 mins
Ready in:
3 hrs 5 mins
Number of servings: 
1 hr
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
678 calories
24.3
g fat
78
g carbohydrates
35.3
g protein
101
mg cholesterol
1996
mg sodium.
