URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/207395/red-satin-cake-with-peaches-and-raspberries/
Title:
Red Satin Cake with Peaches and Raspberries Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/991156.jpg
Ingredients:
Non-stick baking spray
1 (14.5 ounce) can no-salt-added sliced beets, not drained
1 (18.25 ounce) box devil's food cake mix
1/3 cup 2% milk
3 large eggs
1 tablespoon red food coloring (optional)
1 (15 ounce) can sliced peaches in juice, not drained
3 tablespoons cornstarch
8 ounces low-fat cream cheese, softened
3/4 cup confectioners' sugar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
12 ounces fresh raspberries, cleaned

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Spray 2 (8-inch) layer pans with baking spray; set aside. Puree beets with their juice in a blender until smooth; set aside. Mix the cake mix, pureed beets, milk, eggs and food coloring in the large bowl of an electric mixer. Beat on low speed for 30 seconds and on high for 2 minutes, until batter is thick and smooth. Pour and scrape batter into the prepared pans and bake in the oven for 30 minutes until a tester inserted into the center comes out with a few moist crumbs clinging to it. Cool in the pans on racks for 15 to 20 minutes, until cool enough to touch. Remove the cakes from pans and cool on racks until room temperature.
While the cake is baking prepare filling. Puree peaches with their juice and cornstarch in a blender until smooth. Pour into a large saucepan and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until boiling and thick, about 5 minutes; cool completely.
To make the frosting, puree cream cheese, 2 tablespoons cooled peach filling mixture, confectioners sugar and vanilla in a food processor until smooth; set aside.
To assemble cake, place 1 cake layer on a serving plate, top with the remaining peach mixture and half the raspberries. Place the second layer on top. Ice the sides and top of the cake with cream cheese frosting, and decorate with remaining raspberries. Refrigerate until serving. Cut in 12 wedges and serve.

Submitter: 
Mealtime.org
Description: 
Vegetables for dessert! This delicious Red Satin Cake gets its extra dose of rich flavor (and vitamins A, C and fiber) from pureed, canned beets. With a fruity filling of vitamin-rich, canned peaches between the layers, peach topping and raspberries decorating the top, a slice of this delicious cake brings a half-cup of fruits and veggies along with great flavors to your mealtime finale.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
323 calories
10.3
g fat
51.3
g carbohydrates
7.8
g protein
65
mg cholesterol
439
mg sodium.
