URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/207389/pork-and-beans-skillet-supper/
Title:
Pork and Beans Skillet Supper Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/988572.jpg
Ingredients:
6 boneless, center-cut pork chops, about 3 ounces each
2 teaspoons light brown sugar
Salt and pepper, to taste
1 teaspoon vegetable oil
1/2 cup apple juice
1 (15 ounce) can baked beans
1 (7 ounce) can corn kernels, drained
1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar
Pinch dried thyme (optional)

Directions:
Season the pork chops on both sides with brown sugar, and salt and pepper to taste; set aside.
Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Brown the chops on both sides, about 2 minutes per side.
Add the apple juice and heat to boiling. Stir in the baked beans, corn, vinegar, and thyme, if desired. Stir briefly to combine the liquids in the pan. Simmer until the chops are firm to the touch (an internal temperature of 155 degrees F), about 10 minutes, turning two or three times. Turn off the heat, cover for about five minutes as you finish preparing the meal; pork will come up to 160 degrees F.
When the chops are done move them to a serving platter. If the bean mixture is too liquid, boil over high heat for a few minutes, until lightly thickened, stirring often. Spoon the beans around the chops and serve.

Submitter: 
Mealtime.org
Description: 
Not only is this one-pot dinner fast and easy, it includes ten minutes of unattended simmering time for setting the table, supervising homework, or taking care of other tasks. The chops cook right along with baked beans and corn, and because these vegetables are canned (and therefore already cooked), as soon as the chops are done dinner is served. The recipe also uses a great time-saving technique for browning meat. The trick is that the pork chops are sprinkled with a little brown sugar. Since brown sugar caramelizes easily, it makes the chops brown in record time.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
3 m
Ready in:
18 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
324 calories
11.4
g fat
25
g carbohydrates
31.8
g protein
70
mg cholesterol
379
mg sodium.
