URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/207390/stuffed-garlic-spinach-bread/
Title:
Stuffed Garlic Spinach Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/991473.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided
1 large onion, finely chopped
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 (14.5 ounce) can no-salt-added chopped, spinach, drained and squeezed dry
1/2 cup diced, canned red bell peppers (pimentos)
12 large black olives, chopped (optional)
Pinch crushed red pepper
1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, divided
Kosher salt and ground black pepper, to taste
1 pound frozen pizza dough, thawed

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.
Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion and saute until tender, about 3 minutes. Add garlic and stir 30 seconds. Remove from heat and stir in spinach, peppers, olives, crushed pepper, 3 tablespoons Parmesan cheese, salt and pepper.
Roll out pizza dough into a 12-inch round using just enough flour on the work surface and dough to keep it from sticking. Brush off excess flour and transfer dough to a baking sheet. Sprinkle remaining Parmesan over the center and mound the spinach mixture on one side of the dough leaving a 1/2-inch border of exposed dough at the edge. Brush the exposed edge with water, and fold the other side of the dough over top, stretching it so that it completely encases the filling. Firmly pinch the edges together sealing the filling inside. Cut 4 slits in the top and brush with remaining olive oil. Bake until crisp and brown, about 20 minutes; cool 10 minutes before serving. Cut in 6 wedges.

Submitter: 
Mealtime.org
Description: 
A great combo with soup or salad . . . a perfect 'side' with Italian food . . . a hearty snack. Garlic Spinach Bread packs homemade flavor, along with a half-cup of a nutrient-rich, colorful array of veggies in every slice. Canned spinach and bell peppers, mixed in a savory bread filling, make each hearty slice into a rich source of vitamins A and C.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
294 calories
9.4
g fat
42.3
g carbohydrates
10
g protein
3
mg cholesterol
687
mg sodium.
