URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/207387/sweet-potato-pecan-waffles-with-praline-peaches/
Title:
Sweet Potato Pecan Waffles with Praline Peaches Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/989552.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup chopped toasted pecans, divided
1 tablespoon brown sugar
1 (15 ounce) can sweet potatoes or yams in light syrup, not drained
1/2 cup 2% milk
2 cups buttermilk waffle mix
2 large eggs, separated
2 (15 ounce) cans light sliced peaches, or sliced peaches in juice, not drained
1 tablespoon honey
Non-stick spray oil

Directions:
Heat a medium skillet over medium heat for 1 minute. Add 2 tablespoons chopped pecans and brown sugar. Stir until sugar melts and coats the nuts; be careful that they do not burn; set aside.
Puree sweet potatoes with their liquid and milk in a blender until smooth; set aside.
Preheat a non-stick waffle iron. Mix waffle mix, sweet-potato mixture and egg yolks in a large bowl until well combined. Stir in the remaining, uncooked pecans; set aside.
Beat egg whites in a clean bowl with a whisk until they hold a shape, and fold into the waffle batter; set aside for 5 minutes.
Meanwhile, strain juice from peaches into a large skillet then set peaches aside. Stir honey into juice, and boil over high heat until lightly thickened, about 5 minutes, stirring often. Stir in peaches and reserved sugar-glazed pecans; keep warm.
Lightly coat the interior of the preheated waffle iron with spray oil. Pour about 1/3 of batter onto the hot waffle iron and cook until puffed, brown and crisp, according to manufacturers directions. Repeat with remaining batter. Serve immediately with peach topping.

Submitter: 
Mealtime.org
Description: 
Whip up this better batter, for more nourishing waffles! With pureed, canned sweet potatoes in the batter, these delicious waffles are rich in flavor and loaded with the antioxidant beta carotene. Topped with a praline peach sauce, Sweet Potato Pecan Waffles with Praline Peaches can be enjoyed for breakfast, brunch or even dessert!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
187 calories
4.7
g fat
33
g carbohydrates
4.7
g protein
32
mg cholesterol
282
mg sodium.
