URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/207401/munchable-mini-burgers-with-flavorful-fruit-dips/
Title:
Munchable Mini-Burgers with Flavorful Fruit Dips Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/988891.jpg
Ingredients:
For Sweet Tomato Dip:
1 (8 ounce) can crushed pineapple
1/4 cup ketchup
For the Burgers:
1 (15 ounce) can sweet potatoes (or yams) in syrup, drained
1 tablespoon canned tomato paste
1 pound ground turkey or lean beef
Spray vegetable oil
1 (7.5 ounce) roll refrigerated, lower-fat buttermilk biscuits, baked to package directions

Directions:
To make any dip or mayo:  Puree the canned ingredients in a food processor, blender or immersion blender and mix in remaining ingredients; set aside.
To make burgers:  Mash sweet potatoes and tomato paste in mixing bowl with a fork.  Mix in the ground turkey or beef until thoroughly blended.  Portion in 1/4-cup portions and form into 1/4- to 1/2-inch thick burgers, about 3-inches across. Heat a heavy skillet over medium-high heat and spray with oil.  Cook burgers covered until no longer pink inside, about 4 minutes per side. The internal temperature of the patties should be 165 degrees F. To serve: Split biscuits horizontally and make sandwiches with burgers. Serve dips or mayo for dipping.

Submitter: 
Mealtime.org
Description: 
These adorable mini-burgers are infused with all the nutrition of pureed sweet potatoes--a rich source of vitamin A.  This canned vegetable gives the burgers a soft, creamy consistency that little children love. And the natural sugar in the sweet potatoes helps make the patties brown beautifully in seconds.  Serve them on fresh-baked biscuits (or by their lonesome) with one or more of the delicious fruit dips that follow.  Each dip recipe makes enough for a whole batch of burgers.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
18 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
299 calories
7.5
g fat
40.4
g carbohydrates
18.5
g protein
56
mg cholesterol
649
mg sodium.
