URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/20744016/chicken-marsala/
Title:
Chicken Marsala Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 skinless, boneless, chicken breasts (about 1 1/2 pounds)
1/2 cup All-purpose flour, for dredging
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil
4 ounces prosciutto, thinly sliced
8 ounces crimini or porcini mushrooms, stemmed and halved
1 tsp. tomato paste
1 med. garlic clove minced
1 cup Marsala wine
3/4 cup chicken stock
2 tablespoon unsalted butter
1/4 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley

Directions:
Preheat oven to 200 degrees.
Put the chicken breasts side by side on a cutting board and lay a piece of plastic wrap over them; pound with a flat meat mallet, until they are about 1/4-inch thick. Put some flour in a shallow platter and season with a fair amount of salt and pepper; mix with a fork to distribute evenly.
Heat the oil over medium-high flame in a large skillet. When the oil is nice and hot, dredge both sides of the chicken cutlets in the seasoned flour, shaking off the excess. Slip the cutlets into the pan and fry for 3 minutes on each side until golden, turning once – do this in batches if the pieces don't fit comfortably in the pan. Remove the chicken to a baking sheet in a single layer and put in the oven to keep warm.
Lower the heat to medium and add the prosciutto to the drippings in the pan, saute for 1 minute to render out some of the fat. Now, add the mushrooms and saute until they are nicely browned and their moisture has evaporated, about 5 minutes; add tomato paste and garlic and saute 1 minute until tomato paste begins to brown and  garlic is fragrant; season with salt and pepper. Off heat pour the Marsala in the pan and bring to a boil for a few seconds to cook out the alcohol. Add the chicken stock and simmer vigorously scraping up any brown bits from bottom of pan until sauce is slightly syrupy and reduced to about 1 1/4 cups, about 5 minutes. Stir in the butter and return the chicken to the pan; simmer gently for 1 minute to heat the chicken through. Season with salt and pepper and garnish with chopped parsley before serving.

Submitter: 
Singer6
Description: 

Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
