URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/207402/french-toast-fingers-with-fruit-dips/
Title:
French Toast Fingers with Fruit Dips Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/993257.jpg
Ingredients:
For Vanilla Pear Dip:
1 (15 ounce) can pear halves in extra light syrup
1 tablespoon honey
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 tablespoon butter (optional)
For French Toast Fingers:
3 large or extra-large eggs, lightly beaten
3/4 cup low-fat milk
1/4 cup Vanilla Pear, Maple Peach, or Cinnamon Carrot dip
Cooking spray or melted butter
6 slices whole-grain bread, each cut in 5 1-inch-wide strips

Directions:
For any dip:  Mix the ingredients (except for the butter, if used) for any of the dips in a small bowl. Put 1/4 - cup dip aside for the French toast. Heat the remaining dip in a small saucepan or in the microwave oven until hot, 2 to 3 minutes.  Remove from heat and mix in the butter, if using; keep warm.
For the French toast fingers:  In a flat, wide bowl mix the eggs, milk and 1/4 cup of one of the dips until smooth. Heat a large skillet or griddle over medium heat and coat with cooking spray oil or a small amount of butter. Dip the bread strips in the egg mixture just long enough to coat thoroughly. Cook the strips until browned on both sides, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Cool for 2 to 3 minutes before serving. Serve 5 French Toast Fingers (a hand) per person with a portion of the warm dip.

Submitter: 
Mealtime.org
Description: 
This recipe reinvents French toast for a kid-friendly breakfast feast. French Toast Fingers are not only fun to dunk and down; they have the added advantage of having nutrient-rich canned fruit or vegetables blended into the batter. For even more nutrition, they're served with three luscious dipping sauces that provide more nutrients than the old standby syrup.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
20 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
197 calories
7.5
g fat
24.9
g carbohydrates
8.2
g protein
108
mg cholesterol
190
mg sodium.
