URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/208661/mini-corncakes-with-basil-avocado-spread-and-smoked-salmon/
Title:
Mini Corncakes with Basil, Avocado Spread and Smoked Salmon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/991474.jpg
Ingredients:
Corncakes:
1 cup corn kernels, fresh or thawed frozen
1/3 cup milk
1 egg, lightly beaten
2 tablespoons butter, melted
3 leaves fresh basil, finely chopped
1/2 cup flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
Avocado spread:
2 ripe Chilean Hass avocados
1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and finely chopped
1 tablespoon lime juice, freshly squeezed
1 tablespoon cilantro, finely chopped
1 teaspoon chives, finely chopped
1/2 teaspoon salt
6 ounces smoked salmon, sliced thin
Chives and cilantro leaves for garnish

Directions:
Corncakes: In blender, puree the corn and milk until kernels are coarsely ground, about 30 seconds. Add egg, butter and basil and blend just a second or two, to beat the egg.
In medium bowl, stir together flour, baking powder and salt. Make a well in the center of the dry ingredients and stir in the corn/egg mixture until moistened. Add a little more milk, if necessary, until batter drops easily off a spoon.
Spray or lightly oil a non-stick skillet or griddle and heat over medium-high heat. Drop the batter by rounded teaspoonsful into hot skillet and cook until browned on bottom, about 3 to 4 minutes. Turn and brown on second side, another 3 to 4 minutes.
Avocado Spread: Rinse, halve and seed the avocado. Scoop avocado into shallow bowl. Mash coarsely with fork. Add pepper, lime juice, cilantro, chives and salt and mix.
Spread each corn cake with a tablespoon of avocado spread. Top with smoked salmon, garnish with chives and cilantro and serve.

Submitter: 
Chileanavocados.org
Description: 
Corn is typically Chilean, as are avocados and salmon. This recipe puts all three together in an elegant appetizer that can headline any event.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.7857141494751
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
calories
fat
carbohydrates
protein
cholesterol
sodium.
