URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/210173/polenta-hors-doeuvres-with-sausage-and-basil/
Title:
Polenta Hors D'oeuvres with Sausage and Basil Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/989103.jpg
Ingredients:
Polenta:
7 3/4 cups water
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
1 tablespoon salt
1 (17 ounce) package yellow polenta
Sausage Mixture:
1 tablespoon Bertolli® Extra Virgin Olive Oil
1 medium red onion, chopped
1 pound sweet Italian sausage links, removed from casing and crumbled
1 (24 ounce) jar Bertolli® Tomato and Basil Sauce
Garnishes:
Grated Parmesan cheese
Fresh basil, thinly sliced

Directions:
For polenta, bring water, olive oil and salt to a boil over high heat in 4-quart saucepot. Remove from heat and stir in polenta with a wooden spoon. Cook over medium heat , stirring constantly, 5 minutes. Immediately spread into two lightly greased half sheet pans (18 x 12-inches). Let cool completely. Using a 2-inch round cookie cutter, cut into 48 rounds per sheet pan (6 across and 8 down). Place on clean sheet pan. Store covered with plastic wrap until ready to assemble.
For sausage mixture, meanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in 12-inch skillet over medium-high heat and cook onion and sausage, stirring occasionally, 3 minutes or until sausage is brown. Stir in sauce and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low and simmer, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes or until sausage is done.
To assemble, preheat broiler. Uncover polenta rounds; brush with additional olive oil and season lightly with additional salt. Broil about 7 minutes or until heated through and a light crust forms. Immediately top each round with 1 heaping teaspoon sausage mixture. Sprinkle generously with cheese and garnish with basil. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Bertolli
Description: 
These tender polenta cakes are crowned with sweet Italian sausage and are sure to be a showstopper.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
96
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
41 calories
2.3
g fat
3.5
g carbohydrates
1.4
g protein
4
mg cholesterol
152
mg sodium.
