URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/210412/ghirardelli-chocolate-raspberry-tartlets/
Title:
Ghirardelli® Chocolate Raspberry Tartlets Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/992339.jpg
Ingredients:
Chocolate Crust:
3/4 cup unsalted butter, cut into pieces
6 tablespoons granulated white sugar
Pinch of salt
6 tablespoons Ghirardelli Unsweetened Cocoa
1 1/2 cups cake flour
Chocolate Filling:
1 cup heavy cream
14 ounces Ghirardelli Semi-Sweet Chocolate Chips
3 cups fresh raspberries

Directions:
To make the chocolate crust, combine the butter, sugar, and salt in a food processor and process until blended. Add the cocoa and process until smooth. Add the flour and pulse until the mixture is crumbly but can be pinched to hold together. Divide the dough into six equal pieces, flatten each piece into a disk, and wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes, or overnight.
Remove one piece of dough at a time from the refrigerator and roll it into a 6-inch circle between two sheets of plastic wrap. If the dough gets too soft, refrigerate until firm before continuing. Remove the top sheet of the plastic wrap; invert the dough circle over a 4 1/2 -inch nonstick tartlet pan with a removable bottom. Keeping the plastic wrap on top, press the dough onto the bottom and sides of the pan. Trim any excess dough and carefully peel off the plastic wrap. Repeat with the remaining dough to make six tartlet shells. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
Prick the bottoms of the tartlet shells all over with a fork. Bake for 15 minutes, or until the dough looks dry. Allow to cool completely.
To make the chocolate filling, in a medium saucepan over medium heat, bring the cream to a simmer. Remove from the heat and add the chocolate. Let sit for a few minutes to allow the chocolate to melt, then whisk gently until smooth. Cool to room temperature.
Pour 1/3 cup of the chocolate mixture into each tartlet shell. Refrigerate the tartlets at least 1 hour, until the filling is firm. Carefully remove the tartlets from the pans. Arrange the raspberries decoratively on top of the filling.

Submitter: 
Ghirardelli®
Description: 
Individual chocolate cream tartlets are topped with fresh red raspberries for a show-stopping dessert.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3.33333325386047
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
872 calories
59.7
g fat
95.8
g carbohydrates
10
g protein
115
mg cholesterol
19
mg sodium.
