URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/210527/vankaya-pulusu-pachadi-andhra-sweet-and-sour-eggplant-stew/
Title:
Vankaya Pulusu Pachadi (Andhra Sweet and Sour Eggplant Stew) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 eggplant
1 teaspoon vegetable oil
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
2 dried red chile peppers, broken into pieces
1 teaspoon cumin seeds
1 teaspoon mustard seed
1 pinch asafoetida powder
2 large onions, chopped
3 green chile peppers, chopped
2 sprigs fresh curry leaves
1 1/2 cups water
1 tablespoon tamarind paste
1/4 cup jaggery (palm sugar)
1 teaspoon white sugar
1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric
1/2 teaspoon ground red pepper
salt to taste

Directions:
Preheat an oven to 200 degrees F (95 degrees C).
Coat the outside of the eggplant with 1 teaspoon vegetable oil. Place on a baking sheet and bake in the oven until soft, 20 to 30 minutes. Allow to cool before coarsely mashing; set aside.
Heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large skillet. Fry the dried red chile peppers, cumin seeds, mustard seed, and asafoetida powder in the hot oil until the seeds start to splutter. Add the onions, green chile peppers, and curry leaves; cook and stir until the onions are soft and begin to brown, about 5 minutes. Stir the mashed eggplant, water, tamarind paste, jaggery, white sugar, turmeric, ground red pepper, and salt into the mixture; bring to a boil and cook until the mixture begins to thicken, 5 to 10 minutes.

Submitter: 
SUSMITA
Description: 
This is a classic Andhra dish consisting of roasted eggplant (brinjal) in a sweet and sour stew. The sweetness is from jaggery and the sourness is from tamarind. This pulusu is an excellent accompaniment to patholi, or mudda pappu (plain hard-cooked dal). I also like it just by itself with plain rice and ghee.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Stews

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
191 calories
8.6
g fat
28.6
g carbohydrates
2.3
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
14
mg sodium.
