URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/212346/creamy-mustard-and-tarragon-chicken/
Title:
Creamy Mustard and Tarragon Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F998263.jpg
Ingredients:
⅓ cup all-purpose flour
salt and pepper to taste
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 tablespoon butter
4 (5 ounce) skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
¼ cup finely chopped red onion
½ cup low-sodium chicken broth
½ cup dry white wine
1 tablespoon Dijon mustard
2 tablespoons sour cream
1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon

Directions:
Place the flour in a shallow dish and season lightly with salt and pepper.  Heat the olive oil and butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Season the chicken breasts with salt and pepper and dredge each in the flour.
Cook the chicken in the hot oil and butter until golden, about 3 minutes. Flip chicken and brown on the other side, 3 additional minutes.  Remove chicken from skillet and tent with foil.
Reduce heat to medium. Stir the red onion into the oil and butter that remains in the skillet. Cook until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour the chicken broth into the pan, and simmer while scraping the browned bits of food off of the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Pour in the wine and bring back to a simmer.  Cook the sauce until reduced by half, about 3 minutes. Return chicken to the pan along with any juices that have accumulated. Simmer chicken in the sauce until it is cooked through and no longer pink in the center, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer chicken to a warmed platter.
Whisk the mustard and sour cream into the sauce; stir in the tarragon. Spoon sauce over chicken to serve.

Submitter: 
blancdeblanc
Description: 
These lightly breaded chicken breasts are bathed in a creamy tarragon and mustard sauce. They're quick to fix as a weeknight meal yet fancy enough for company!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
42 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.57
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
30 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
301 calories
9.7
g fat
11
g carbohydrates
34.7
g protein
94
mg cholesterol
227
mg sodium.
