URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/212422/poori-aloo-koora/
Title:
Poori Aloo Koora Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
3 large potatoes
2 tablespoons cooking oil
2 dried red chile peppers, broken into pieces
1 teaspoon skinned split black lentils (urad dal)
1 teaspoon cumin seeds
1 teaspoon mustard seeds
2 onions, sliced thin
3 green chile peppers, chopped
1 sprig fresh curry leaves
1/4 teaspoon asafoetida powder
1 cup water
salt to taste
1 tablespoon chickpea flour (besan)
1 tablespoon water

Directions:
Place the potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water. Bring to a boil; reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain and allow to steam dry for a minute or two. Remove and discard potato skins; mash the potatoes into coarse chunks.
Heat the oil in a skillet; fry the red chile peppers, urad dal, cumin seeds, and mustard seeds in the hot oil until the seeds begin to splutter. Add the onions, green chile peppers, curry leaves, and asafoetida; continue cooking until the onions soften, but not yet beginning to brown. Stir the potatoes and 1 cup water into the mixture. Season with salt. Increase heat to high and bring the mixture to a boil; cook at a boil for 5 minutes.
Mix the chickpea flour and 1 tablespoon water together in a small bowl to make a paste; add to the skillet and stir. Continue cooking and stirring until the mixture thickens, 2 to 3 minutes. Serve hot.

Submitter: 
SUSMITA
Description: 
My mother often makes this aloo (potato) sabji to go along with pooris. It is different from any other poori sabji I have seen and everyone asks her for the secret recipe. Make plenty, because this will get eaten very fast. If you want some sourness, you can add lime juice at the end.

Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Indian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
350 calories
7.8
g fat
64.7
g carbohydrates
8.6
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
28
mg sodium.
