URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/212418/bangaladumpa-potato-upma-koora/
Title:
Bangaladumpa (Potato) Upma Koora Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6765809.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound potatoes
2 tablespoons cooking oil
1 tablespoon skinned split black lentils (urad dal)
1 teaspoon split Bengal gram (chana dal)
1 teaspoon mustard seed
2 dried red chile peppers, broken into pieces
1 pinch asafoetida powder
1 cup chopped onion
3 green chile peppers, sliced into thin rings
1 sprig fresh curry leaves
1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric
1/2 teaspoon ground red pepper
1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger root
salt to taste
2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, or to taste
2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro

Directions:
Place the potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water. Bring to a boil; reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain and allow to steam dry for a minute or two. Remove and discard the skins; roughly mash the potatoes into coarse chunks. Set aside.
Heat the oil in a skillet. Fry the urad dal, chana dal, mustard seed, and dried red chile peppers in the oil until the seeds begin to splutter. Sprinkle the asafoetida powder over the mixture. Stir the onion, green chile peppers, and curry leaves into the mixture and cook until the onion is lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Add the potatoes, turmeric, red pepper, ginger and salt; cook and stir until the potatoes are thoroughly reheated, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and add the lime juice and cilantro to serve.

Submitter: 
SUSMITA
Description: 
This is one of my favourite kooras. I think we call it upma koora because the tadka (spice mixture) ingredients are what we use for upma. I think you will love it too.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Indian

Number of ratings:
12 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.75
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
212 calories
7.5
g fat
33.8
g carbohydrates
4.7
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
14
mg sodium.
