URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/212426/roasted-pears-over-radicchio-with-ricotta-salata-and-sherry-vinaigrette/
Title:
Roasted Pears over Radicchio with Ricotta Salata and Sherry Vinaigrette Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/992025.jpg
Ingredients:
Sherry Vinaigrette:
1/4 cup sherry vinegar
1/2 teaspoon whole grain Dijon mustard
Sea salt to taste
Fresh cracked pepper to taste
1/2 packet Stevia Extract In The Raw®
1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil
Roasted Pears And Ricotta Salata:
4 medium Bosc pears or any winter or summer pears, peeled and cut into 8 wedges
1 (3 ounce) chunk ricotta salata (you may substitute pecorino romano or parmigiano if needed)
1 1/2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
Pinch sea salt
Pinch fresh cracked pepper
12 inch preheated sheet pan or large saute pan
Small head radicchio

Directions:
Sherry Vinaigrette: Combine vinegar, mustard, sea salt, pepper with Stevia Extract In The Raw. Whisk vigorously to dissolve. Add extra virgin olive oil and whisk in until incorporated. Set aside.
Roasted Pears And Ricotta Salata: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F and place rack in middle position in oven.
Toss the cut pears in the olive oil, sea salt and pepper.
Carefully remove preheated sheet pan or saute pan from oven and spread pears out. Quickly put pears back into oven to roast approximately 5 minutes. They should be soft, but maintain firmness. Remove from oven and set aside on rack to cool.
Shave ricotta salata or any hard cheese to substitute like pecorino romano or parmigiano reggiano.
Place pears and cheese on radicchio and serve.

Submitter: 
Stevia Extract In The Raw®
Description: 
Serve this salad to make any meal a special occasion. The unique mixture of fresh flavors will delight your guests.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
341 calories
24
g fat
29.4
g carbohydrates
4.5
g protein
19
mg cholesterol
423
mg sodium.
