URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/21274001/minnesota-peach-cobbler/
Title:
Minnesota Peach Cobbler Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
10 c frozen sliced peaches (approx 2.5 pounds, sliced)
2 T (1/8 c) lemon juice
1 1/2 c granulated sugar
1/4 tsp salt
3/4 c flour (no sifting needed)
1/2 tsp cinnamon
1/2 c melted butter
For Top Crust:
1 c flour
1 c granulated sugar
1 1/2 tsp baking powder
1/4 tsp cinnamon
1/2 tsp salt
1/2 stick softened butter (1/4 c)
2 beaten eggs

Directions:
Measure the peaches and put them in a large mixing bowl.  Let them sit on the counter and thaw for 10 minutes.  Then sprinkle them with lemon juice and toss.
In another smaller bowl comgine white sugar, salt, flour, and cinnamon.  Mix them together with a fork until they're evenly combined.
Pour the dry mixture over the peahes and toss them.  (This works best if you use your hands.)  Once most of the dry mixture is clinging to the peaches, dump them into the cake pan you've prepared.  Sprinkle any dry mixture left in the bowl on top of the peaches in the pan.
Melt the butter.  Drizzle it over the peaches.  Then cover the cake pan tightly with foil.
Bake the peach mixture at 350 degrees F. for 40 minutes.  Take it out of the oven and set it on a heat-proof surface, but DON'T TURN OFF THE OVEN!
Top crust instructions:
Combine the flour, sugar, baking powder, cinnamon, and salt in the smaller bowl you used earlier.  Cut in the softened butter with a couple of forks until the mixture looks like coarse cornmeal.  Add the beaten eggs and mix them in with a fork. For those of you who remember your school library with fondness, the result will resemble library paste but it'll smell a wholw lot better!
Remove the foil cover from the peaches and drop on spoonfuls of the topping.  Because the topping is thick, you'll have to do this in little dibs and dabs scraped from the spoon with another spoon, a rubber spatula, or with your freshly washed finger.  Dab on the topping until the whole pain is polka-dotted.  Don't worry if some spots aren't covered very well-the batter will spread out an fill in as it bakes.
Bake at 350 degrees F., uncovered, for an additional 50 minutes.

Submitter: 
Elle
Description: 
Peach cobbler utilizing frozen peaches
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
