URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/212778/captain-duartes-salt-cod-cakes/
Title:
Captain Duarte's Salt Cod Cakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1947344.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound salted cod fish
2 large potatoes, peeled and cubed
1 teaspoon seafood seasoning
ground black pepper to taste
1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley
2 eggs, beaten
1 large onion, finely chopped
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 cup olive oil for frying

Directions:
Place the salt cod into a bowl and cover with cold water. Refrigerate for 8 hours. Pour off the water and replace with fresh water every 2 hours. After the fish has soaked for 8 hours, rinse in cold water, and cut into 3-inch sections.
Place the cod and potatoes into a large pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the potatoes are tender and the cod flakes easily with a fork, about 20 minutes. Drain and allow to cool for 10 minutes.
Place the potatoes and cod into a mixing bowl. Season with the seafood seasoning, pepper, and parsley; roughly mash with a potato masher. Stir in the eggs and onion until evenly combined. There should still be pieces of cod and potato in the mixture. Form into golf ball-sized pieces, and roll in the flour. Press between your palms to flatten slightly.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook the cod cakes in batches until golden and crispy on both sides, about 3 minutes per side. Drain on a paper towel-lined plate.

Submitter: 
NainInCandia
Description: 
Based on my father-in-laws recipe, these fish cakes use salt cod. Trust me, it is worth the effort to find the salt cod. The slight saltiness of the cod brings out a whole new dimension of flavor. Who knows fish better than a Portuguese fishing Capt? Even Emeril would be proud! Serve with a good tartar sauce.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Tapas

Number of ratings:
32 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.40625
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
9 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
395 calories
4.6
g fat
32.3
g carbohydrates
53.6
g protein
177
mg cholesterol
5436
mg sodium.
