URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/212867/sugared-danish-butter-cookies-with-pecan-halves/
Title:
Sugared Danish Butter Cookies with Pecan Halves Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1078025.jpg
Ingredients:
4 cups all-purpose flour
1 1/2 cups white sugar
1 egg
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 1/2 cups cold unsalted butter, cut into chunks
1 egg, beaten
3 tablespoons coarse sugar crystals
88 pecan halves, toasted
1 tablespoon coarse sugar crystals for sprinkling (optional)

Directions:
Sift the flour and white sugar together in a mixing bowl, and stir in 1 egg and the vanilla extract until well combined. Using a pastry cutter, cut the cold butter into the mixture until it resembles coarse cornmeal. Shape the dough into a ball, wrap it in plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 20 minutes.
Divide the dough in half, and roll into two 11-inch-long logs. Wrap one of the logs in waxed paper and then plastic wrap, and refrigerate overnight. Place 3 tablespoons of coarse sugar crystals on a flat plate. Brush the second log with beaten egg, and roll it in the sugar crystals, coating it thickly. Carefully wrap the sugared log in plastic wrap, and refrigerate overnight. (See Cook's Note.)
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C) and line baking sheets with parchment paper.
Cut the unsugared log of dough into round slices about 1/8-inch thick, and place the rounds onto the prepared baking sheets, about 1/2-inch apart. Top each round with a pecan half. Cut the sugared log of dough into 1/8-inch thick slices, and place them onto prepared baking sheets. Sprinkle each sugared cookie with more coarse sugar crystals, if desired.
Place one baking sheet of cookies at a time into the preheated oven, and bake until the edges barely turn golden, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the cookies to wire racks to cool.

Submitter: 
phoenix__rising
Description: 
This recipe is for a very elegant and tender butter cookie that just melts in your mouth. Half of the dough yields a sugared butter cookie, while the other half is unsugared and topped with a pecan half. This recipe can be easily halved for a smaller yield, but believe me, the cookies disappear quickly. You won't regret making an entire batch because no one can stop eating them. The recipe looks more complicated than it really is. Just be sure not to slice the cookies too thickly.
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
Scandinavian

Number of ratings:
7 Ratings
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 d 1 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
176
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
38 calories
2.1
g fat
4.3
g carbohydrates
0.4
g protein
6
mg cholesterol
< 1
mg sodium.
