URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/212999/filipino-pancit-bihon-with-canton/
Title:
Filipino Pancit Bihon with Canton Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/6925576.jpg
Ingredients:
½ (8 ounce) package pancit bihon (rice noodles)
2 tablespoons olive oil
1  onion, chopped
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 cup chopped cooked chicken
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 cups fresh shrimp, peeled and deveined
2 tablespoons soy sauce
1 small head cabbage, shredded
2 stalks celery, sliced
1  carrot, peeled and cut into matchsticks
2 cups water
½ (8 ounce) package pancit canton (yellow Chinese noodles)

Directions:
Soak bihon in a bowl of warm water until soft, about 5 minutes. Drain.
Heat oil in a large wok over medium-high heat. Saute onion and garlic until onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Add chicken, salt, and pepper. Cook and stir until flavors combine, about 3 minutes. Add shrimp; cook until they start to turn color, about 1 minute. Add soy sauce; toss in cabbage, celery, and carrot. Cook until well combined, about 2 minutes. Add 2 cups water; bring to a boil. Cook until vegetables begin to soften, about 2 minutes.
Transfer chicken, shrimp, and vegetables to a bowl, leaving the liquid behind in the wok. Add bihon and canton noodles to the liquid. Mix well and cover. Let sit until tender, about 5 minutes. Return 1/2 the chicken-vegetable mixture to the wok; mix with the noodles. Pour soup into bowls; garnish with the remaining chicken-vegetable mixture.

Submitter: 
lola
Description: 
This pancit is a favorite Filipino noodle dish that is usually served when you have company. Though time consuming, the end result is always delicious. It can be eaten alone or with rice. Skip the canton noodles if only bihon is desired.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
55 mins
Number of servings: 
5 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
316 calories
8.1
g fat
40.1
g carbohydrates
20.7
g protein
98
mg cholesterol
486
mg sodium.
