URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/212998/pancit-luglug/
Title:
Pancit Luglug Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 (16 ounce) package dried rice vermicelli noodles
2 1/4 pounds small shrimp, peeled and deveined
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 onion, chopped
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 1/2 teaspoons achiote powder
2 1/4 pounds ground pork
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 (10.75 ounce) cans cream of chicken soup
3 1/4 cups chicken broth
3 hard-boiled eggs, crumbled (optional)
green onions, chopped (optional)

Directions:
Soak noodles in a bowl of warm water for 5 minutes. Bring a large pot of water to a rolling boil. Stir in noodles and bring back to a boil. Cook until tender, 4 to 5 minutes. Drain.
Bring a saucepan of water to a boil. Add shrimp and boil until just opaque, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain.
Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add onion and garlic; cook and stir until onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Transfer half the mixture to a bowl and set aside. Stir achiote powder into the skillet with the remaining onion and garlic mixture. Add prawns; reduce heat and let simmer until well coated, about 2 minutes.
Heat a large pot over medium-high heat. Saute pork until browned, crumbly, and no longer pink, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the remaining 1/2 of the onion-garlic mixture; season with salt and pepper. Add cream of chicken soup; stir until well mixed. Add chicken broth; stir until it becomes a thick sauce, about 5 minutes.
Place a portion of the noodles on a plate, ladle a portion of the sauce over, and top with a small portion of the shrimp mixture. Garnish with hard-boiled eggs and green onions.

Submitter: 
lola
Description: 
Pancit is a favorite Pinoy noodle dish; it is usually served as a snack with Filipino pastries. You can easily increase the quantities to feed a crowd. Garnish with pork rinds and fried garlic.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Filipino

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
698 calories
28
g fat
56
g carbohydrates
50.5
g protein
365
mg cholesterol
1408
mg sodium.
