URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/212916/stuffed-filipino-fish-bangus-relleno/
Title:
Stuffed Filipino Fish (Bangus Relleno) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 (8 ounce) fillet whole milkfish (bangus), or to taste
1 lemon
1 tablespoon soy sauce
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 onion
2 cloves garlic, crushed
6 1/2 tablespoons green peas
1 carrot, diced
1 stalk celery, diced
1/4 cup raisins, or more to taste
salt and ground black pepper to taste
vegetable oil for frying

Directions:
Remove scales, gills, and insides of milkfish; cut off part of the tail. Pound fish firmly to loosen it up. Cut fish open lengthwise from the backside. Scrape meat out into a saucepan over medium-high heat, being careful not to tear the skin.
Squeeze 1/2 the lemon onto the fish meat; add soy sauce. Bring to a boil; cook until liquid is absorbed, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool, 5 to 10 minutes. Remove fish bones from the meat.
Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion and garlic; saute until onion is translucent. Add the fish meat, peas, carrot, celery, raisins, salt, and pepper. Cook until fish is opaque and flavors are combined, about 5 minutes. Let filling cool until safe to handle, at least 7 minutes.
Stuff fish skin with the filling. Sew up any openings to seal in the filling.
Heat vegetable oil in a deep saucepan. Fry the stuffed fish whole, turning as needed, until golden brown and crisp, 5 to 7 minutes. Place on a plate or flat work surface and slice fish crosswise.

Submitter: 
lola
Description: 
Bangus relleno (stuffed milkfish) is a great dish to serve for guests. While it takes some time to debone the fish, the end result is truly delectable.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Filipino

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
264 calories
16.3
g fat
18.4
g carbohydrates
14
g protein
30
mg cholesterol
344
mg sodium.
