URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/213063/real-neapolitan-cookies/
Title:
Real Neapolitan Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4555805.jpg
Ingredients:
8 ounces canned almond filling
5 eggs, separated
1 cup margarine
1 cup white sugar
2 1/4 cups sifted all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
3 drops green food coloring, or to taste
3 drops red food coloring, or to taste
1/4 cup apricot preserves
1/4 cup seedless raspberry jam
6 (1 ounce) squares semisweet chocolate

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease three 13x9x2-inch pans; line with waxed paper and grease waxed paper.
Mix almond filling, egg yolks, margarine, and sugar together in a bowl using an electric mixer until light and fluffy.
Combine flour and baking powder in a bowl. Stir into almond mixture.
Beat egg whites together in a bowl using an electric mixer on medium speed until soft peaks form. Fold into almond batter.
Divide batter equally among 3 bowls. Add green food coloring to 1 bowl; add red food coloring to another. Leave the third bowl uncolored. Pour the contents of each bowl into the prepared pans.
Bake in the preheated oven until edges are golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Invert onto wire racks, remove waxed paper, and turn right-side-up on a baking sheet.
Spread apricot jam onto the surface of the green cake; top with the plain cake. Spread raspberry jam onto the plain cake; top with the red cake. Cover with plastic wrap; set a heavy cutting board or flat pan on top. Refrigerate 8 hours to overnight.
Place chocolate in a microwave-safe bowl; heat in the microwave until melted, 1 to 2 minutes. Spread melted chocolate onto the surface of the cake. Allow to set, about 15 minutes.
Cut off all 4 sides of the cake to make the edges clean and even. Cut the cake into 1-inch strips; cut strips into bite-size pieces.

Submitter: 
nella marley
Description: 
These are the kind of cookies you'd spend a fortune on in an Italian bakery. They are made with almond filling, not almond extract. Very rich, cake-like cookie with chocolate topping. This recipe came from my mom. Store in the refrigerator.
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
Italian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
9 h 11 m
Number of servings: 
96
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
63 calories
3.4
g fat
7.6
g carbohydrates
1
g protein
10
mg cholesterol
29
mg sodium.
