URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/213004/beef-morcon-filipino-meat-roll/
Title:
Beef Morcon (Filipino Meat Roll) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 (1 1/2) pound beef top sirloin steak
2 tablespoons soy sauce
1/2 lemon, juiced
1/2 pound ground pork
1 tablespoon sweet pickle relish
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 links chorizo de bilbao (spicy Spanish semi-cured sausage), halved lengthwise
2 hard-boiled eggs, halved lengthwise
1 carrot, halved lengthwise
2 slices ham, halved lengthwise
1 tablespoon vegetable oil, or as needed
2 cups water
2 tomatoes, diced
1 small onion, chopped
2 cloves garlic, crushed
1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, crushed
2 bay leaves
1 (4 ounce) can tomato sauce
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Place sirloin steak on a flat work surface. Slice horizontally through the middle with a very sharp knife, being careful not to cut all the way through to the other side. Open the 2 sides and spread them out like an open book. Place in a dish, season with soy sauce and lemon, and let marinate briefly.
Mix ground pork, sweet relish, salt, and pepper together in a bowl.
Remove the steak from the lemon-soya sauce marinade and lay it on a flat surface, e.g. a cutting board. Reserve the marinade. Spread ground pork mixture over the steak. Arrange chorizo, eggs, carrot, and ham over the pork. Roll steak into a log until filling is entirely covered; secure at both ends with toothpicks. Tie the meat roll with a string.
Heat oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the meat roll; cook until all sides are browned, about 10 minutes. Add water, tomatoes, onion, garlic, peppercorns, bay leaves, and the reserved marinade. Cover and cook for 5 minutes. Add tomato sauce, salt, and pepper. Reduce heat to low and simmer until sauce flavors blend and meat roll is hot in the center, about 20 minutes.
Remove meat roll from the sauce; place on a flat work surface and cut crosswise into slices. Arrange slices on a platter. Pour sauce on top.

Submitter: 
lola
Description: 
Beef Morcon is a meat roll stuffed with vegetables, sausage, ham, and egg that is very popular in the Philippines on special occasions like Christmas. It can easily be prepared in advance.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Filipino

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
304 calories
18.7
g fat
6.6
g carbohydrates
27
g protein
127
mg cholesterol
700
mg sodium.
