URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/213182/celeriac-and-pear-soup/
Title:
Celeriac and Pear Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons butter
1 clove garlic, minced
1 shallot, minced
1 onion, chopped
4 celeriac (celery roots), peeled and cubed
1 carrot, chopped
3 stalks celery, chopped
1 large potato, peeled and cubed
8 cups vegetable broth
1 teaspoon crushed black peppercorns
1 teaspoon dried tarragon
1 teaspoon crumbled dried sage
1 tablespoon dried thyme leaves
1 tablespoon dried parsley
3 pears - peeled, cored, and chopped
1/2 cup heavy cream (optional)
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Melt the butter in a large pot over medium heat. Stir in the garlic, shallot, and onion. Cook and stir until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the celeriac, carrot, celery, potato, and 1 cup of the vegetable broth; cook and stir until the vegetables are heated, about 5 minutes before pouring in the remaining broth. Season with the pepper, tarragon, sage, thyme, and parsley; gently stir the pears into the mixture; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low; cover and simmer until the vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes.
Remove the soup from the heat and allow to cool for 10 minutes; stir the cream into the soup. Pour the soup into a blender, filling the pitcher no more than halfway full. Hold down the lid of the blender with a folded kitchen towel and carefully start the blender, using a few quick pulses to get the soup moving before leaving it on to puree. Puree in batches until smooth and pour into a clean pot. Alternately, you can use a stick blender and puree the soup right in the cooking pot. Season to taste with salt and pepper before serving.

Submitter: 
Alena Natalia
Description: 
A hearty and thick soup made with vegetables, the root of the celery plant, and pears. Very warming. It is very popular in England. Don't be intimidated by all the ingredients, most can be omitted according to taste or availability. Apples can be substituted for the pears, if desired. Garnish with a pinch of fresh parsley, a slice of butter, or a small glob of cream. Enjoy with a hearty bread or crackers.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Vegetable Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3.88888883590698
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
193 calories
5.9
g fat
32.9
g carbohydrates
4.7
g protein
16
mg cholesterol
461
mg sodium.
