URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/213193/southern-fried-chicken-gizzards/
Title:
Southern Fried Chicken Gizzards Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/1468650.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound chicken gizzards, rinsed
2 stalks celery, cut into chunks
1  onion, cut into chunks
2  bay leaves
1 ½ teaspoons celery salt, divided
1 teaspoon seasoned salt
½ teaspoon ground black pepper
½ teaspoon dried Italian herb seasoning
1 teaspoon garlic powder
¼ teaspoon ground cumin
½ teaspoon Louisiana-style hot sauce
3 cups oil for deep frying
1 cup all-purpose flour

Directions:
Place the chicken gizzards, celery, onion, bay leaves, and 1 teaspoon of celery salt into a saucepan, and pour in enough water to cover the gizzards by 1 inch. Bring the gizzards to a boil, reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer until tender, about 2 1/2 hours. Pour in more water during simmering, if needed, to keep gizzards covered. Remove the gizzards to a bowl, discard the celery and onion, and reserve the broth.
Season the gizzards with 1/2 teaspoon of celery salt, the seasoned salt, pepper, Italian seasoning, garlic powder, cumin, and hot sauce, stirring to combine well. Pour 1/3 cup of the reserved broth over the seasoned gizzards, and refrigerate for 30 minutes or more, stirring often. (Save or freeze the remaining broth for another use, if desired.)
Heat oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Place the flour in a plastic bag, and pour in the gizzards with their seasoning. Shake the bag to thoroughly coat the gizzards with flour. Gently lower about 1/4 of the gizzards per batch into the hot oil, and fry until golden brown, about 5 minutes per batch. Drain the gizzards on paper towels, and serve hot.

Submitter: 
pnutmommy
Description: 
These flavorful gizzards are always requested at football and holiday parties.  I don't know if anyone would show up if I didn't make them.  The extra time boiling before frying makes a huge difference in making them tender. Definitely save the broth in the freezer!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
90 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.46
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
3 hrs 30 mins
Number of servings: 
30 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
305 calories
17.1
g fat
20.7
g carbohydrates
16.5
g protein
190
mg cholesterol
594
mg sodium.
