URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/213197/blue-cheese-hot-wings/
Title:
Blue Cheese Hot Wings! Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F785369.jpg
Ingredients:
30  chicken wings, cut apart at joints, wing tips discarded
2 teaspoons ground cayenne pepper
2 teaspoons seasoned salt
1 cup Louisiana-style hot sauce
⅓ cup molasses
1 teaspoon liquid mesquite smoke flavoring
½ cup chopped onion
½ cup chopped green bell pepper
4 cloves garlic, minced
2 cups prepared blue cheese dressing

Directions:
Preheat  oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Sprinkle the chicken wings on all sides with cayenne pepper and seasoned salt, and spread in a single layer into a large baking dish.
Bake the wings in the preheated oven until the skin is browned and crisp, 30 to 40 minutes, turning the wings over halfway through cooking for even browning.
While the wings are baking, combine hot sauce, molasses, and liquid smoke flavoring in a saucepan over medium-low heat. Stir in the onion, green pepper, and garlic, and bring the mixture to a boil. Stir in the blue cheese dressing. Reduce heat to a simmer, and cook until the onions are translucent, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat.
Transfer the wings from the baking dish to paper towels to drain excess grease. Pour off any excess fat from the dish, and return the wings to the dish. Pour the sauce evenly over the wings, turning them over with a spatula or tongs to coat all sides with sauce.
Return to the oven and bake until the sauce has thickened and cooked onto the wings, about 20 minutes. Cool for about 5 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
tashmaxx
Description: 
These yummy, spicy wings are awesome even if you are not a blue cheese lover. They are a must try!  Since football season, I have been trying to come up with a homemade wing sauce -- and I have found it!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
14 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 20 mins
Number of servings: 
5 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
329 calories
26.5
g fat
9.4
g carbohydrates
14.2
g protein
44
mg cholesterol
915
mg sodium.
