URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/213232/bell-pepper-tomato-and-potato-indian-curry/
Title:
Bell Pepper, Tomato, and Potato Indian Curry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5526156.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 teaspoon black mustard seed
5 cloves garlic, minced
1 green chile pepper, chopped
1 sprig fresh curry leaves
1 teaspoon cumin seed
1/2 teaspoon asafoetida powder (optional)
3 small tomatoes, finely chopped
1 tablespoon water, or as needed (optional)
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or more to taste
1 teaspoon ground coriander
1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric
1 large potato, peeled and diced
1 large green bell pepper, chopped
1 tablespoon lemon juice
salt to taste
1/4 cup chopped cilantro leaves, for garnish

Directions:
Heat vegetable oil in a skillet over low heat. Stir mustard seed into hot oil; cook and stir until seeds start to crackle, about 30 seconds. Stir garlic, green chile pepper, curry leaves, cumin seed, and asafoetida powder into mustard seeds; cook and stir until the garlic is fragrant and beginning to turn golden, 3 to 5 minutes.
Stir tomatoes into garlic mixture, increase heat to medium, and cook, stirring frequently, until the tomatoes are softened, about 10 minutes. Add water, cumin, cayenne pepper, coriander, and turmeric to tomato mixture; stir.
Mix potato, bell pepper, lemon juice, and salt into tomato mixture; bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium-low, cover the skillet with a lid, and simmer until potatoes and peppers are tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Garnish with cilantro leaves.

Submitter: 
Arpita
Description: 
This is an authentic, vegetarian, simple, and colorful main dish served with fluffy basmati rice or chapatis. I'm from India and I completely adore Indian cooking; I hope you like this recipe. A word of caution: it could be a little too hot for some folks...feel free to reduce or even skip the hot ingredients! Enjoy!
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Indian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
328 calories
12.4
g fat
50.7
g carbohydrates
8.1
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
108
mg sodium.
