URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/213472/he-jia-tuan-yuan-tofu-ball-soup-for-lunar-chinese-new-year/
Title:
He Jia Tuan Yuan (Tofu Ball Soup for Lunar Chinese New Year) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/1907520.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (14 ounce) package soft tofu
7 ounces ground pork
6 tablespoons cornstarch
1  egg
1 teaspoon chicken bouillon granules (optional)
1 teaspoon salt
5 cups water
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
10  dried shrimp
1 cup fresh pea vine shoots, trimmed
1 teaspoon chicken bouillon granules
¼ teaspoon salt

Directions:
Place the tofu into a large bowl, and mash it into a paste with a large spoon. Stir in the pork, cornstarch, egg, 1 teaspoon chicken bouillon granules, and 1 teaspoon salt until the mixture is very well combined.
Heat the water and vegetable oil to a boil in a large saucepan, and reduce heat to an active simmer but not a full boil. Using gloved hands, pinch off about 1 tablespoon of the tofu mixture, roll it into a ball between your palms, and slide it carefully into the water so it doesn't break apart. Repeat with the rest of the tofu mixture. Without stirring the soup, let the tofu balls simmer until they rise to the top, about 30 minutes.
Turn off the heat, and stir in the dried shrimp, pea vine shoots, 1 teaspoon of chicken bouillon granules, and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Serve hot.

Submitter: 
Tao,RN
Description: 
On Lunar Chinese New Year, we usually like to have meatballs or sweet dumplings. Ball in Chinese is 'wan,' sweet dumpling in Chinese is 'tang yuan.' Their shapes are both round. So we use a meatball dish and/or sweet dumpling dish to emphasize the Chinese expression 'He Jia Tuan Yuan.' 'He Jia' means the whole family. 'Tuan Yuan' means 'all be together' ('yuan' also means circle, round as well, which connects with the shape of the meatballs and the sweet dumplings). This tofu ball dish is easy to make, and it is a great soup for your Lunar New Year meal.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
11 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.73
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
45 mins
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
239 calories
15.3
g fat
11.7
g carbohydrates
14.5
g protein
70
mg cholesterol
786
mg sodium.
