URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/213470/chicken-chicken-curry/
Title:
Chicken Chicken Curry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/575264.jpg
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons olive oil
1  red onion, thinly sliced, divided
salt to taste
1  bay leaf
1 tablespoon water
1 tablespoon ground turmeric
½ teaspoon chili powder
½ teaspoon paprika
2 tablespoons ground ginger
2 tablespoons minced garlic
1 tablespoon water
2 ¼ pounds skinless, boneless chicken breast, cut in bite-sized pieces
1  tomato, thinly sliced
¼ teaspoon white sugar
3  cardamom pods, lightly crushed
3  whole cloves
1 (2 inch) cinnamon stick
1 tablespoon ghee (clarified butter)
1 tablespoon water
1 tablespoon ground coriander
1 bunch cilantro, chopped

Directions:
Heat the olive oil in a skillet over high heat. Stir in 1/3 of the onion; cook and stir until the onion is golden brown and crisp, about 5 minutes. Season with salt. Remove the onion from the oil and drain on a paper towel-lined plate. Set aside.
Place the remaining 2/3 of onion and the bay leaf into the same skillet over high heat. Cook and stir until the onion has turned golden brown, about 5 minutes. Stir in 1 tablespoon of water, then add the turmeric, chili powder, paprika, ginger, and garlic. Reduce heat to medium-high and continue to cook and stir until the liquid has reduced, then stir in another tablespoon of water.
Place the chicken and tomato slices into the onion mixture. Season with salt and sugar. Stir in the cardamom pods, cloves, cinnamon stick, ghee, and 1 tablespoon of water. Cover and simmer on low until the liquid has reduced,  30 to 35 minutes. Stir in the coriander. Simmer until the liquid has evaporated. Sprinkle with cilantro and reserved fried onions before serving.

Submitter: 
madhu
Description: 
There are a hundred different ways to cook chicken curry, but Bengalis (from the eastern part of India) make something called Kosha (or kawshaa) which is very good with either rice or any kind of flat bread. This recipe is called moorgi kosha (or chicken kosha), but my friend Jennie calls it Chicken Chicken Curry!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
33 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.18
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 25 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
289 calories
13
g fat
7.8
g carbohydrates
34.4
g protein
93
mg cholesterol
84
mg sodium.
