URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/213487/chicken-french-rochester-ny-style/
Title:
Chicken French - Rochester, NY Style Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/1948882.jpg
Ingredients:
¼ cup all-purpose flour, or as needed
salt and black pepper to taste
2  eggs, beaten
1 tablespoon white sugar
1 tablespoon grated Parmesan cheese
2 tablespoons olive oil
4  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
¼ cup butter
2 teaspoons minced garlic
¼ cup dry sherry
¼ cup lemon juice
2 teaspoons low-sodium chicken base

Directions:
Mix together the flour, salt, and pepper in a shallow bowl. In another bowl, whisk beaten eggs, sugar, and Parmesan cheese until the mixture is thoroughly blended and the sugar has dissolved.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat until the oil shimmers. Dip the chicken breasts into the flour mixture, then into the egg mixture, and gently lay them into the skillet. Pan-fry the chicken breasts until golden brown and no longer pink in the middle, about 6 minutes on each side. Remove from the skillet and set aside.
In the same skillet over medium-low heat, melt the butter, and stir in garlic, sherry, lemon juice, and chicken base. Bring the sauce to a simmer, and stir until smooth and slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Be sure to dissolve any brown flavor bits from the bottom of the skillet as you stir. Return the chicken breasts to the sauce, and gently simmer until no longer pink in the center, about 15 minutes.
To serve, place a chicken breast on a plate, and top with sauce.

Submitter: 
rocgrandma
Description: 
I've been making this recipe for years, and it is one of my family's most requested meals.  Serve with brown and wild rice or rice pilaf along with Italian-cut green beans.  Enjoy!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
158 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.72
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
30 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
405 calories
22.8
g fat
15
g carbohydrates
32.7
g protein
194
mg cholesterol
416
mg sodium.
