URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/213662/fudgy-bacon-supreme/
Title:
Fudgy Bacon Supreme Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/369089.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cups semisweet chocolate chips
1 (14 ounce) can sweetened condensed milk
1 pinch salt
1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 cup heavy cream
9 ounces milk chocolate, chopped
12 slices good-quality bacon, partially frozen
1 pinch salt

Directions:
For fudge, melt chocolate chips in a saucepan over very low heat . When the chips are nearly all melted,  stir in the condensed milk until the mixture is very smooth and creamy, and add the vanilla extract and a pinch of salt. Pour the fudge into a square 9x9-inch pan, and refrigerate until firm, at least 2 hours.
For ganache topping, place heavy cream and chopped milk chocolate into the top of a double boiler over simmering water, and stir until the chocolate has melted and the mixture is smooth. Remove from heat, and pour the ganache over the chilled fudge in an even layer. Return to refrigerator for at least 2 more hours to chill.
Slice bacon into 1/2-inch squares, and place into a large, deep skillet. Cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until evenly browned and very crisp, about 10 minutes. Drain the bacon on a paper towel-lined plate. Sprinkle bacon bits with a pinch of salt.
Spread the bacon bits over the ganache layer, pressing the bacon lightly into the fudge. Return to refrigerator, chill until bacon is cooled, at least 30 minutes; cut into squares.

Submitter: 
AMANDA
Description: 
Creamy chocolate fudge, topped off with a sweet chocolate ganache and garnished with (YOU GUESSED IT!) crunchy salty bacon! This combination of sweet and savory is PERFECT for unexpected appetizers, or just a dessert worth trying. I used this recipe for a contest, and won 50 bucks!
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Pork

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3.75
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
4 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
80
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
81 calories
4.9
g fat
8.6
g carbohydrates
1.5
g protein
8
mg cholesterol
42
mg sodium.
