URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/213745/ostrich-steaks-with-calvados-sauce/
Title:
Ostrich Steaks with Calvados Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F373606.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons clarified butter
4 (5 ounce) ostrich steaks
½ cup beef stock
⅓ cup creme fraiche
¼ cup Calvados (apple brandy)
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Heat the butter in a skillet over medium-high heat. Cook the ostrich steaks in the hot butter until the outside is just  about to be crisp, shown by darkening patches as with a beef steak, about 2 minutes per side. An instant-read  thermometer inserted into the center should read 145 degrees F (63 degrees C) for rare. Remove the ostrich steaks from the pan, and keep warm.
Pour the beef stock into the skillet, and bring to a boil over high heat. Boil for a few minutes until slightly reduced, then lower the heat to medium-low, and stir in the creme fraiche. Cook and stir 2 minutes, then pour in the Calvados, and season to taste with salt and pepper. Season each ostrich steak with pepper to taste. Spoon the sauce over the steaks to serve.

Submitter: 
Swiss Phil
Description: 
Ostrich and venison are the two meats with the lowest fat contents. Try this for a simple change. Gentle cooking is 
best (cooking too fast will turn the steaks leathery), and we aim for rare or medium. I like mine rare, and turn when 
the outside begins (just) to caramelise. A definite hit with my guests every time I do it. If you can get Creme Fraiche 
then fine, but try to avoid any CF that is labeled 'light'. This curdles when heated. You can thicken the sauce if you 
like by using less stock. Serve with rice or potatoes and some tasty vegetables.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
4 Ratings
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 mins
Ready in:
15 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
295 calories
17.7
g fat
1.1
g carbohydrates
32.1
g protein
147
mg cholesterol
124
mg sodium.
