URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/213810/thai-style-steamed-pandan-pudding/
Title:
Thai-Style Steamed Pandan Pudding Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Pandan Pudding:
5 pandan leaves, chopped
3/4 cup water
3/4 cup rice flour
4 tablespoons arrowroot powder
2 tablespoons mung bean flour
1 cup palm sugar
2 cups coconut milk
Coconut Topping:
2 cups coconut cream
5 tablespoons rice flour
1 teaspoon salt

Directions:
Blend pandan leaves and water in a blender until mostly smooth. Strain the mixture through cheesecloth over a bowl; you should have about 1/2 cup of pandan juice.
Mix rice flour, arrowroot powder, and mung bean flour together in a large bowl. Gradually add the pandan juice and palm sugar into the flour mixture, stirring until completely incorporated. Add the coconut milk and mix well.
Combine coconut cream, rice flour, and salt in a bowl and stir until no lumps remain.
Place a steamer insert into a large saucepan and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer. Add eight 8-ounce ramekins. Bring water to a boil and heat the empty ramekins until hot, 3 minutes.
Remove the ramekins and fill each one with pandan batter until 3/4 full. Return the ramekins to the saucepan and steam until mixture starts to thicken, about 7 minutes.
Remove the ramekins from the saucepan. Divide coconut topping evenly among the ramekins; return to the saucepan. Steam until pudding is set and topping is slightly firm, about 5 minutes.
Remove the ramekins and cool. Serve the puddings in the ramekins or invert each one over a plate and gently shake to release.

Submitter: 
wiley
Description: 
These little puddings are made in ramekins and are composed of 2 parts: the bottom part is the pandan pudding and on top is a coconut cream layer, creating a pleasant surprise for your guests.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Thai

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
492 calories
22.1
g fat
73.2
g carbohydrates
3.2
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
326
mg sodium.
