URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/213988/northern-thai-curry-with-chicken-and-peanuts/
Title:
Northern Thai Curry with Chicken and Peanuts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
3 large, dried red chile peppers
1/2 teaspoon cumin
1/2 teaspoon turmeric powder
1/2 teaspoon coriander seed
1/2 teaspoon ground mace
2 tablespoons peeled and chopped galangal
2 tablespoons thinly sliced lemon grass
1 teaspoon salt
1 shallot, chopped
2 cloves garlic, chopped
2 teaspoons fermented shrimp paste
1 tablespoon peeled and chopped fresh turmeric root
2 tablespoons fish sauce
3 tablespoons palm sugar
2/3 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast, cut into cubes
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
2 cups water
1/2 cup roasted peanuts
1 (2 inch) piece fresh ginger, peeled and julienned
2 tablespoons tamarind juice
2 tablespoons roasted peanuts

Directions:
Place the chili peppers in a bowl; pour enough water over the chili peppers to cover. Allow the peppers to soak until softened, about 10 minutes; drain. Chop the peppers and set aside.
Grind the cumin, turmeric, coriander, and mace using a mortar and pestle into a fine powder. Add the galangal, lemon grass, salt, shallot, garlic, shrimp paste, fresh turmeric, and reconstituted chile peppers and grind into a paste. Stir the fish sauce and palm sugar into the paste. Transfer to a large bowl.
Add the chicken to the paste and toss to coat the chicken evenly; allow to marinate for at least 20 minutes, or up to 24 hours in the refrigerator.
Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat; cook the chicken until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir the water, 1/2 cup peanuts, ginger, and tamarind juice into the chicken, bring to a simmer, and cook until thickened, 20 to 30 minutes. You can also cook this at a lower temperature for up to 2 hours. Garnish with 2 tablespoons peanuts to serve.

Submitter: 
wiley
Description: 
This recipe is a coconut milk-less curry deep with the flavors of Northern Thailand. The curry paste includes lots of dry spices and is finished with peanuts to give it a nice crunch.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Thai

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
364 calories
20.7
g fat
23.2
g carbohydrates
23.8
g protein
48
mg cholesterol
1364
mg sodium.
