URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/214069/honey-mustard-chicken-with-pretzel-crust/
Title:
Honey Mustard Chicken with Pretzel Crust Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F1403149.jpg
Ingredients:
cooking spray
1 tablespoon red wine vinegar
1 tablespoon prepared yellow mustard
1 tablespoon spicy mustard
1 tablespoon coarse-grained mustard
1 tablespoon honey
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
4  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
4 cups salted pretzels
½ cup mayonnaise
2 tablespoons prepared yellow mustard
3 tablespoons honey
½ teaspoon salt

Directions:
Preheat an oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with foil and spray with cooking spray.
In a bowl, mix together the red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, the spicy mustard, coarse-grained mustard, 1 tablespoon of honey, and the vegetable oil.
Place the chicken breasts  between two sheets of heavy plastic (resealable freezer bags work well) on a solid, level surface. Firmly pound the chicken with the smooth side of a meat mallet to a thickness of about 1/4 inch. Coat the chicken well with the mustard mixture.
Place the pretzels into a resealable plastic zipper bag and roll the bag under a rolling pin to finely grind the pretzels. Place the coated chicken breasts, one at a time, into the bag, seal, and shake the bag to thoroughly coat each chicken breast with pretzel meal. Place the chicken breasts on the prepared baking sheet and spray each breast with cooking spray.
Bake the chicken in the preheated oven until the coating is golden brown and the meat is no longer pink in the center, about 25 minutes. Flip the chicken after about 12 minutes of cooking to brown both sides.
Mix together the mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons of yellow mustard, 3 tablespoons of honey, and salt in a bowl. Drizzle the honey-mustard sauce over the chicken to serve.

Submitter: 
Kathleen
Description: 
A crunchy and salty crust to dress up chicken!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
190 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.32
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
45 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
759 calories
31.8
g fat
86.7
g carbohydrates
33.2
g protein
78
mg cholesterol
2175
mg sodium.
