URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/214219/the-maharajahs-mulligatawny/
Title:
The Maharajah's Mulligatawny Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/996445.jpg
Ingredients:
4 fresh red chile peppers, or to taste
1 tablespoon coriander seeds
1 teaspoon cumin seeds
1 teaspoon ground turmeric
1/2 teaspoon grated nutmeg
4 whole cloves
10 whole black peppercorns
6 fresh curry leaves
2 cloves garlic, crushed
1 teaspoon grated ginger root
1 tablespoon ghee (clarified butter)
1 large onion, chopped
1 pound lamb meat, cut into small pieces
2 teaspoons salt
3 3/4 cups lamb stock
2 tablespoons tomato puree
1 large carrot, diced
1 large apple - peeled, cored, and diced
2 lemons, sliced

Directions:
Grind the red chile peppers, coriander seeds, cumin seeds, turmeric powder, nutmeg, cloves, peppercorns, curry leaves, garlic, and ginger into a smooth paste using a food processor or blender.
Melt the ghee in a large skillet over medium heat; fry the onion in the melted ghee until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Add the red chile pepper paste and lamb to the skillet; cook and stir until the lamb is browned, about 5 minutes. Season with salt. Stir the lamb stock and tomato puree into the lamb mixture; reduce heat to medium-low, cover the skillet, and simmer until the lamb is tender, about 30 minutes. Add the carrot and apple; cook another 15 minutes. Remove from heat and allow to cool slightly.
Remove the lamb from the mixture and set aside. Pour the rest of the soup into a blender. Hold down the lid of the blender with a folded kitchen towel and carefully start the blender, using a few quick pulses to get the soup moving before leaving it on to puree. Strain the soup through a fine mesh strainer back into the skillet. You ARE allowed to press on the contents of the strainer! Remove and discard any large and hard pieces. Add the lamb back to the skillet, place over medium heat, and cook until the soup is thoroughly reheated, about 5 minutes. Serve in warmed bowls; garnish with lemon slice.

Submitter: 
Sonya Jane
Description: 
The ultimate Mulligatawny, this is far more than a mere spicy soup! I first cooked this under instruction in a 5-star hotel in India, where it was one of the best sellers. The paste can also be used in other Indian dishes. I cannot recommend this more highly. It is a super 'soup.' Adjust the 'chilliness' to your taste.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
245 calories
8.8
g fat
27.6
g carbohydrates
20
g protein
62
mg cholesterol
1255
mg sodium.
