URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/214494/he-man-chicken/
Title:
He-Man Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F641964.jpg
Ingredients:
3 large skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
bamboo skewers and wooden toothpicks, soaked in water
3 tablespoons prepared chili without beans, divided
3 tablespoons shredded pepperjack cheese, divided
½ pound applewood smoked bacon
1 cup sweet barbecue sauce (such as Sticky Fingers(<sup>&reg;</sup>) Carolina Sweet), divided

Directions:
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium heat and lightly oil the grate.
Lay a chicken breast onto a work surface and place the palm of your hand down on the meat. With a sharp knife, carefully slice the chicken breast half horizontally, without cutting all the way through, and open up the sliced chicken breast like a book. Repeat with the other two chicken breasts.
Place each sliced, opened out chicken breast between two sheets of heavy plastic (resealable freezer bags work well) on a solid, level surface. Firmly pound the chicken with the smooth side of a meat mallet to a thickness of about 1/2 inch.
To stuff the chicken breasts, lay out a flattened breast and place a skewer on the meat, in the center. Spoon about 1 tablespoon of chili over the skewer and top the chili with about a teaspoon of pepperjack cheese. Roll the chicken breast around the skewer and secure with toothpicks. Wrap each chicken roll with 2 slices of bacon and secure with toothpicks. Pour about 1/2 cup of barbecue sauce into a bowl, and brush each roll with sauce. Discard any leftover sauce.
Cook on the preheated grill, turning often and spraying the grill with water occasionally to prevent flare-ups, until the chicken is no longer pink in the middle, the juices run clear, and the bacon is browned, about 15 minutes.
Pour more barbecue sauce into a clean bowl and brush the rolls again before removing from the grill. Let rest about 5 minutes before pulling out the toothpicks and skewers for serving.

Submitter: 
Brad Huebner
Description: 
This is a grilled chicken recipe inspired by a dish found in Del Rio, TX. Truly a man's meal, and not for the faint of arteries, this dish combines three of men's favorite things: Grilling, Bacon, and Chili. Don't love it till you try it! Goes well with a light beer and mashed potatoes.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
5 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.4
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
50 mins
Number of servings: 
5 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
554 calories
19
g fat
32
g carbohydrates
59.1
g protein
167
mg cholesterol
1725
mg sodium.
