URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/214489/stuffed-chicken-breasts-with-artichoke-hearts-feta-cheese-capers-and-black-olives/
Title:
Stuffed Chicken Breasts with Artichoke Hearts, Feta Cheese, Capers, and Black Olives Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/1127719.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
1 (8 ounce) bottle Italian-style salad dressing
½ (14 ounce) can artichoke hearts, drained and chopped
½ (6 ounce) can sliced olives, drained
¼ (4 ounce) jar capers, drained
1 (4 ounce) container crumbled feta cheese

Directions:
Place the chicken breast halves into a plastic zipper bag. Shake the bottle of Italian dressing and pour into the bag. Seal the bag and shake to thoroughly coat the chicken with the dressing; refrigerate at least 8 hours or overnight.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a baking dish with olive oil.
Remove the chicken breast halves and shake off excess marinade. Discard the leftover marinade. Place the chicken between two sheets of heavy plastic (resealable freezer bags work well) on a solid, level surface. Firmly pound the chicken with the smooth side of a meat mallet to a thickness of 1/2 inch.
Mix together the artichoke hearts, olives, capers, and feta cheese in a bowl; spoon about 2 tablespoons of the feta mixture into the middle of each flattened chicken breast. Roll each chicken breast around the filling and secure with toothpicks. Place the rolled chicken breasts into the prepared baking dish.
Bake in the preheated oven until the chicken has browned and the juices run clear, about 30 minutes.

Submitter: 
JennCD
Description: 
My 8-year-old and I love to cook together; here is one of our family recipes. The recipe calls for the chicken to be marinated for a few days,  but that is a viewers' choice.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
35 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.46
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
9 hrs
Number of servings: 
8 hrs
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
403 calories
26.7
g fat
11.8
g carbohydrates
29.2
g protein
90
mg cholesterol
1864
mg sodium.
