URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/214543/mahi-mahi-rockefeller/
Title:
Mahi Mahi Rockefeller Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F6511523.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound bacon
4 (6 ounce) mahi mahi fillets
1 pinch garlic salt, or to taste
1 pinch ground black pepper, or to taste
1 tablespoon butter
6  green onions, chopped
3 cloves garlic, chopped
1 (10 ounce) package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and well drained
2 dashes hot pepper sauce, or to taste
¼ cup evaporated milk, plus more as needed
2 cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese
½ cup shredded Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Place the bacon in a large, deep skillet, and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain the bacon slices on a paper towel-lined plate, then chop. Set aside. Season mahi mahi with garlic salt and pepper. Heat a skillet over medium heat. Cook mahi mahi until it flakes easily, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from skillet and place each filet on a baking dish.
Preheat the oven's broiler and set the oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source.
While the fish is cooking, melt the butter in a separate skillet. Stir in the green onions, garlic, and spinach. Cook and stir until heated through, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the chopped bacon, hot pepper sauce, and evaporated milk. Bring to a low simmer, then add the Monterey Jack cheese a little at a time until fully melted. Stir in more evaporated milk, if needed, to create a sauce. Divide the spinach mixture evenly over each mahi mahi fillet. Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese.
Broil in the preheated oven until the cheese has melted and is lightly browned, 3 to 5 minutes more.

Submitter: 
Kimberly
Description: 
A twist on the classic Oysters Rockefeller. My family loves Oysters Rockefeller and I wanted a main meal that would be available any time of the year. It became a hit that is requested frequently. This is also good with tuna or other firm white fish. Excellent served with twice baked potatoes and steamed green beans.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
38 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 5 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
679 calories
41.3
g fat
8.5
g carbohydrates
67.2
g protein
237
mg cholesterol
1656
mg sodium.
