URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/214502/chipotle-mac-and-cheese/
Title:
Chipotle Mac and Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/425028.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (16 ounce) package elbow macaroni
3 cups whole milk
½ cup butter
½ cup minced onion
4 cloves garlic, minced
3  chipotle chiles in adobo sauce, finely chopped
6 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon paprika
salt and pepper to taste
2 cups shredded extra-sharp Cheddar cheese
1 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese

Directions:
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat. Once the water is boiling, stir in the macaroni, and return to a boil. Cook the pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the pasta has cooked through, but is still firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Drain well in a colander set in the sink.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Spray a 9x13 inch baking dish with cooking spray, and place the macaroni into the bottom of the dish. Heat milk in a saucepan until hot but not boiling.
Melt butter in a saucepan, and cook and stir the onion, garlic, and chipotle chiles until the onions are translucent, about 5 minutes. Whisk in flour, 1 tablespoon at a time, and let cook for about 3 minutes, whisking constantly to avoid burning. Whisk in the hot milk, 1/2 cup at a time, and stir in paprika, salt, and pepper. Bring the mixture to a simmer (do not boil), whisking constantly until thickened, about 2 minutes. Whisk in the cheeses, about 1/2 cup at a time, and stir until the cheeses have melted and the sauce is thick and smooth.
Pour the sauce over the macaroni in the baking dish, and stir gently to combine. Cover the dish with foil.
Bake covered until the dish is bubbling and the macaroni has absorbed some of the sauce, about 40 minutes. Uncover, and bake until golden brown on the edges, 10 to 15 more minutes.

Submitter: 
Krisha Stevens
Description: 
This macaroni and cheese is smoky, spicy, and absolutely delicious. You can adjust the spice level by adding more or less chipotles.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
56 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.38
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 30 mins
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
384 calories
19.7
g fat
36.1
g carbohydrates
15
g protein
55
mg cholesterol
264
mg sodium.
