URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/214575/linguine-allaragosta-fresco-lobster-linguine/
Title:
Linguine all'Aragosta Fresco (Lobster Linguine) Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F4564440.jpg
Ingredients:
2 (5 ounce) uncooked lobster tails
¼ cup unsalted butter, cubed
3  scallions, white parts only, minced
1 ½ tablespoons minced garlic
8  Roma tomatoes, crushed (concasse)
1 tablespoon chili powder
1 ½ teaspoons dried basil
1 cup Chablis wine
1 (16 ounce) package linguine pasta
¼ cup light cream
1  scallion, green part only, thinly sliced
1 pinch sea salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese (optional)

Directions:
Place a steamer insert into a saucepan and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer. Cover; bring the water to a boil over high heat. Add lobster tails, replace cover, and steam until no longer translucent in the center, about 10 minutes. Remove meat from shell and cut into bite-size pieces.
Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add scallion whites and garlic; cook and stir until aromatic, 1 to 2 minutes. Add tomatoes, chili powder, and basil. Cook until tomatoes have softened slightly, 2 to 3 minutes. Add wine; reduce heat to medium-low. Cook the sauce, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until wine has evaporated, about 30 minutes.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook linguine at a boil until tender yet firm to the bite, about 11 minutes; drain.
Reduce heat under sauce. Add lobster, cream, and scallion greens; cook until thickened to your desired consistency, 5 to 10 minutes. Season with sea salt and pepper. Add pasta in batches, tossing thoroughly to coat after each addition. Sprinkle Parmesan cheese on top.

Submitter: 
JedV
Description: 
This is my version of spaghetti lobster. It can be served as an appetizer or entree. Marinated chicken, shrimp, scallops, etc. can be used in place of lobster to make the meal more affordable to people on a budget. Using Holland House(<sup>&reg;</sup>) cooking wine as a substitute also works surprisingly well.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 24 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
694 calories
20
g fat
93.3
g carbohydrates
29.5
g protein
85
mg cholesterol
609
mg sodium.
