URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/214774/adriels-chinese-curry-chicken/
Title:
Adriel's Chinese Curry Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/1018396.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon yellow curry paste
½ cup chicken broth, divided
1 teaspoon white sugar
1 ½ teaspoons curry powder
½ teaspoon salt
4 ½ teaspoons light soy sauce
1 (5.6 ounce) can coconut milk
1 tablespoon canola oil
3  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, sliced
2 teaspoons minced garlic
1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger
1  onion, sliced
2  potatoes - peeled, halved, and sliced

Directions:
In a bowl, mash the yellow curry paste with about 2 tablespoons of chicken broth to help dissolve the paste; whisk in remaining chicken broth, sugar, curry powder, salt, light soy sauce, and coconut milk. Set aside.
Heat a wok or large skillet over high heat for about 30 seconds; pour in the oil. Let the oil heat until shimmering, about 30 more seconds. Stir the chicken, garlic, and ginger into the hot oil; cook and stir until the chicken has begun to brown and the garlic and ginger are fragrant, about 2 minutes. Stir in the onion and potatoes, toss all ingredients in the hot oil, and pour in the sauce mixture. Bring the sauce to a boil, reduce heat, and cover the wok. Simmer until the chicken is cooked through and the potatoes are tender, 20 to 25 minutes.

Submitter: 
BlondeCook
Description: 
My husband is Chinese and this is one of our favorite dishes. My late father-in-law, who used to be a Chinese chef, said my version of this was better than his! Yellow curry paste can be found at an Asian market. You may have to add a little more or less curry paste, depending on your taste. I included a more moderate amount in this recipe. I suggest serving this over cooked jasmine rice. It has a little bit of heat, so probably do not serve to small children. Enjoy!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
72 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.63
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
50 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
241 calories
7.1
g fat
24.1
g carbohydrates
20.1
g protein
46
mg cholesterol
864
mg sodium.
