URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/214775/blueberry-flummery/
Title:
Blueberry Flummery Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 (3.5 ounce) package instant vanilla pudding mix
2 cups cold milk
2 pints fresh blueberries
1/2 cup white sugar, or more to taste
2 cups all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 tablespoon white sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup vegetable oil
1 cup milk

Directions:
Whisk the pudding and 2 cups milk together in a bowl until thickened, about 2 minutes. Refrigerate the pudding until serving time.
Mix blueberries and 1/2 cup sugar in a large saucepan, and pour in enough water to just barely cover the berries. Bring the mixture to a boil over medium heat, reduce heat to low, and simmer while you make the biscuits.
To make drop biscuits, mix flour, baking powder, 1 tablespoon of sugar, and salt together in a bowl. Make a well in the center of the flour mixture, and pour in vegetable oil and 1 cup of milk. Stir until the mixture forms a soft dough.
Bring the berry mixture back to a boil, and drop the biscuit dough into the boiling blueberries by heaping spoonfuls. Cover, and simmer over medium-low heat until the biscuit dough is cooked through, about 15 minutes. A knife inserted into a dumpling will come out clean. To serve, scoop a biscuit into a serving bowl, spoon blueberry sauce over, and top with chilled vanilla pudding.

Submitter: 
Chef Dad
Description: 
This is a recipe shared with me by my Mom, shared with her by her Mom. Grandmom was the wife of a career Navy man. An incredible woman! The mother of 6 children, lovingly raising the future of the world, loving my Grandfather and supporting our freedom. She would move their children and worldly possessions to be as close to my Grandfather as they could be, whenever and wherever the Navy needed Grandpop. Eventually they settled in NJ, known far and wide for its awesome produce, especially its blueberries. It just reminds me Of Mom and Grandmom's love and devotion to their families. Scoop a biscuit into a bowl and spoon blueberry sauce over biscuit, top with the chilled vanilla pudding, and oh my! Enjoy! Heaven on earth!

Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Blueberry Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
490 calories
12.4
g fat
88
g carbohydrates
9.1
g protein
10
mg cholesterol
725
mg sodium.
