URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/214818/mama-maries-moroccan-tuna-brik/
Title:
Mama Marie's Moroccan Tuna Brik Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/426653.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon butter
1 small onion, finely chopped
2 (5 ounce) cans tuna packed in oil, drained
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
1 teaspoon capers, or to taste
2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese
salt and pepper to taste
10 sheets phyllo dough
1 quart vegetable oil for frying
1 lemon, cut into wedges

Directions:
Melt the butter in a skillet over medium heat. Stir in the onion, and cook until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes. Transfer the onion to a mixing bowl, and stir in the tuna, parsley, capers, and Parmesan cheese; season to taste with salt and pepper.
Cut the phyllo sheets in half lengthwise, ending up with long, narrow sheets. Lay out one strip of phyllo at a time on your work surface with one of the narrow ends close to you. Place a heaping tablespoon of filling 1 inch from the end closest to you. Fold the bottom right corner over the filling to the left edge to form a triangle. Fold the triangle up, bringing the point at the bottom left up to rest along the left edge. Turn the lower left corner over to touch the right edge. Continue turning the triangle over in this manner until you reach the end of the phyllo. Lightly brush the last inch of phyllo with water to seal. Repeat with the remaining filling and phyllo dough.
Heat oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Fry the brik in the preheated oil in batches until golden brown and crispy, about 3 minutes. Drain the brik on a paper towel-lined plate. Serve with lemon wedges.

Submitter: 
Avon- status quo PRO
Description: 
A triangle shaped fried appetizer famous throughout the Middle East. This is my mothers recipe for her tuna filled ones. If you can find Italian tuna packed in olive oil, this is most preferable.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Wraps and Rolls

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.72727251052856
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
103 calories
6.8
g fat
6
g carbohydrates
4.7
g protein
4
mg cholesterol
108
mg sodium.
