URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/214836/mushroom-and-chicken-with-sour-cream-soup/
Title:
Mushroom and Chicken with Sour Cream Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/4578945.jpg
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons unsalted butter
½ teaspoon dried tarragon
¼ teaspoon ground nutmeg
1 bunch green onions, lighter half chopped thin and darker green half discarded
2 pinches salt
2 cups chopped button mushrooms
1 cup chopped rotisserie chicken
¼ cup flour
3 cubes beef bouillon
3 ½ cups hot water
1 cup sour cream
1 ½ teaspoons cornstarch
1 cup cold milk
1 teaspoon lemon juice
¼ teaspoon cayenne pepper hot sauce
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Stir the tarragon, nutmeg, green onions, and 2 pinches of salt into the melted butter; cook and stir until the green onions are softened, about 4 minutes. Add the mushrooms, stir to coat, and continue cooking until the mushrooms are tender, about 5 minutes more. Fold the chicken into the mixture and cook together until the chicken gets hot, about 1 minute. Sprinkle the flour over the mixture; stir until completely absorbed into the mixture, 3 to 4 minutes.
Dissolve the beef bouillon cubes in the hot water; pour into the chicken mixture about 1/2 cup at a time, stirring to dissolve any clumps of flour between batches. Increase heat to bring the mixture to a boil; return heat to medium. Stir the sour cream into the mixture until well integrated.
Dissolve the cornstarch into the cold milk; stir into the soup. Increase the heat to medium-high and cook the soup until it begins to bubble on the sides, but not boiling; again return heat to medium, stirring continually. Add the lemon juice, cayenne pepper sauce, salt, and pepper; stir. Serve hot.

Submitter: 
Katie Davis
Description: 
I found this one online and tweaked it. It's rich and filling. Good comfort food.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
14 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.43
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
50 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
378 calories
27.1
g fat
18.2
g carbohydrates
16.9
g protein
84
mg cholesterol
819
mg sodium.
