URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/214829/sweet-plantain-pie/
Title:
Sweet Plantain Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/848421.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons canola oil
1 pound ground pork
2 ounces cooked ham, cut into small dice
½ cup sofrito
12  small pitted olives, chopped
1 tablespoon capers, drained and chopped
¾ teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon garlic powder
¼ teaspoon dried oregano
½ cup tomato sauce
5 large plantains
¼ cup butter, softened
¾ teaspoon white sugar
2 tablespoons melted butter

Directions:
Preheat an oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Butter a baking dish.
Heat the canola oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook the ground pork and cooked ham in the hot oil until the pork is completely cooked and no longer pink, 7 to 10 minutes. Remove from the skillet and set aside, reserving 2 tablespoons of the drippings in the skillet.
Reduce the heat to medium-low. Place the skillet over the heat and add the sofrito; cook and stir the sofrito for 5 minutes. Add the olives, capers, salt, garlic powder, oregano, and tomato sauce to the sofrito; cook and stir another 5 minutes. Return the ground pork and ham to the skillet and stir; simmer for 15 minutes, stirring a few times while it cooks.
Bring a pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Rinse the plantains and cut off their tips, leaving the skin on; cut each plantain into 2 to 3 segments each about 3 inches long. Cook the plantains in the boiling water until tender, about 15 minutes; drain and peel. Put the peeled plantains in a mixing bowl and mash with a potato masher. Add the softened butter and sugar; mix.
Spread about half of the plantain mixture into the bottom of the prepared baking dish. Layer the meat mixture over the plantains. Top with the remaining plantain mixture.
Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Brush the top with the melted butter and continue baking until the top is browned, about 10 minutes more. Remove from oven and allow to rest 10 to 15 minutes before slicing to serve.

Submitter: 
nancyzalani
Description: 
'Piononos' are a Puerto Rican dish that have sweet ripe plantains wrapped around a ground meat filling, then breaded and fried. This fills my craving for them even though it is layered and baked. I served this with basic Puerto Rican white rice and a garden salad with avocado. The meat filling can be made in bulk and frozen in batches for future use. Delicious!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
10 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.7
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 40 mins
Number of servings: 
10 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
643 calories
32.5
g fat
76.1
g carbohydrates
19.9
g protein
85
mg cholesterol
890
mg sodium.
