URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/214995/light-coconut-cream-broccoli-and-barley-soup/
Title:
Light Coconut Cream Broccoli and Barley Soup Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F4568291.jpg
Ingredients:
¾ cup barley
3 cups water
2 tablespoons unsalted butter
1  onion, chopped
2  celery stalks, chopped
5 cloves garlic, cut into slivers and divided
2 tablespoons fresh ground black pepper
1 tablespoon red pepper flakes
1 tablespoon sea salt
2 dashes ground nutmeg
7 cups chopped broccoli florets and stalks
3 ¼ cups low-sodium vegetable stock
1 (14 ounce) can reduced-fat coconut milk
1 cup 2% milk
¼ cup grated Asiago cheese (optional)
½ bunch fresh parsley, chopped (optional)

Directions:
Bring the barley and water to a boil in a saucepan over high heat. Cover, reduce heat to low, and simmer until the barley is tender, about 30 minutes. Drain and set aside.
Melt the butter in a large pot over medium heat. Stir the onion and celery into the melted butter, place a cover on the pot, and cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Add about half the garlic. Season with the black pepper, red pepper flakes, sea salt, and nutmeg. Return the cover to the pot and cook another 5 minutes.
Stir the broccoli, vegetable stock, and remaining garlic into the mixture and bring to a boil. Return the cover to the pot, reduce heat to medium, and cook another 15 minutes, stirring once. Remove the pot from heat.
Pour the soup into a blender, filling the pitcher no more than halfway. Hold the blender lid with a folded kitchen towel and carefully start the blender, using a few quick pulses to get the soup moving before leaving it on to puree. Puree in batches until smooth and pour into a clean pot. Alternately, you can puree the soup with a stick blender directly in the pot.
Return the soup to medium-low heat. Stir the coconut milk, 2% milk, and barley into the pureed soup; cover and cook until hot, 5 to 8 minutes. Ladle into bowls and top with Asiago cheese and parsley to serve.

Submitter: 
HAP
Description: 
This refreshing light cream soup is chock-full of yummy flavors! I was inspired to add the barely for fiber and substance, and the low-fat coconut milk is a tasty change. Super easy to make. The flavor is refreshing, too!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
13 Ratings
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 25 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
343 calories
13.2
g fat
49.9
g carbohydrates
9.7
g protein
17
mg cholesterol
1164
mg sodium.
