URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/215045/asparagus-vinaigrette/
Title:
Asparagus Vinaigrette Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5599485.jpg
Ingredients:
3 eggs
2 pounds fresh asparagus, trimmed
1/2 cup white wine vinegar
2 teaspoons Dijon mustard
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/4 cup green bell pepper, chopped
3 tablespoons dill pickle relish
1 tablespoon fresh parsley, chopped
1 tablespoon fresh chives, chopped
1 cup olive oil
8 cups mixed baby greens
4 radishes, sliced
2 tomatoes, quartered

Directions:
Place the eggs into a saucepan and fill with water to cover the eggs by 1 inch. Cover the saucepan and bring the water to a boil over high heat. Once the water is boiling, remove from the heat and let the eggs stand in the hot water for 15 minutes. Pour out the hot water, then cool the eggs under cold running water in the sink. Peel once cold and cut into slices; set aside.
Meanwhile, place a steamer insert into a saucepan, and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer. Cover, and bring the water to a boil over high heat. Add the asparagus, recover, and steam until just tender, 2 to 6 minutes depending on thickness.
While the asparagus is steaming, whisk together the vinegar, mustard, salt, pepper, green bell pepper, relish, parsley, and chives in a large mixing bowl. Slowly pour in the olive oil while whisking quickly to create a dressing. Toss the hot, steamed asparagus in the dressing, then place into the refrigerator for at least an hour.
To serve, divide the baby greens onto individual plates. Divide the asparagus spears among the salads, then garnish with radish slices, egg slices, and quartered tomatoes.

Submitter: 
Grammy Peggy
Description: 
Mix together early in the day, or better yet the night before.  If you put the asparagus in the dressing while still hot, it will absorb more of the flavor
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Salad Dressings
Vinaigrette Dressing

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
307 calories
29.2
g fat
8.3
g carbohydrates
6.1
g protein
70
mg cholesterol
275
mg sodium.
