URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/215135/rachels-sugar-plum-spice-jam/
Title:
Rachel's Sugar Plum Spice Jam Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/2422500.jpg
Ingredients:
10 red plums, pitted and chopped
2 cups chopped fresh pineapple
1/2 cup apple juice
1/2 (12 fluid ounce) can frozen orange juice concentrate
1 lemon, juiced
1 1/2 teaspoons ground cloves
1 teaspoon ground allspice
1 (1.75 ounce) package powdered fruit pectin
1 tablespoon butter
8 cups white sugar
4 drops red food coloring

Directions:
Place the plums, pineapple, apple juice, orange juice concentrate, and lemon juice into a large pot over medium-low heat, cover, and cook until the plums are soft, 15 to 20 minutes. Mash the plums and pineapple with a potato masher until thoroughly broken up, but leave small chunks of fruit in the mixture. With the fruit mixture at a slow simmer, stir in the cloves, allspice, pectin, and butter (to reduce foaming). Raise heat to high and bring the mixture to a full, rolling boil for 1 minute, stirring constantly. Mix in the sugar, stirring constantly, and cook for 1 more minute at a full, rolling boil. Remove from heat, stir in red food coloring until even in color, and skim off any foam.
Sterilize 12-ounce canning jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Pack the plum jam into the hot, sterilized jars, filling the jars to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a knife or a thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids, and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil over high heat, then carefully lower the jars into the pot using a holder. Leave a 2 inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary until the water level is at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a full boil, cover the pot, and process for 10 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Once cool, press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
Rachel Dobbs
Description: 
This is a recipe I came up with for something new in our seasonal jam and jelly making sessions, in hopes to find something unique for gifts at Christmas. It is absolutely wonderful. Everyone loves it. It's sweet and fruity, with comforting holiday spice undertones.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Jams and Jellies

Number of ratings:
37 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.62162160873413
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
120
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
59 calories
0.1
g fat
15
g carbohydrates
0.1
g protein
< 1
mg cholesterol
< 1
mg sodium.
