URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/215124/judys-brown-sauce/
Title:
Judy's Brown Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1043788.jpg
Ingredients:
10 cups peeled, cored, and roughly chopped tart apples
10 cups pitted and halved fresh prune plums
5 cups chopped onions
6 cups malt vinegar
5 cups white sugar
1/2 cup salt
1/2 cup Worcestershire sauce
4 cloves garlic, minced
2 teaspoons ground ginger
2 teaspoons ground nutmeg
2 teaspoons ground allspice
2 teaspoons ground cayenne pepper
15 half-pint canning jars with lids and rings

Directions:
Working in batches, place the apples, plums and onions into the work bowl of a food processor, and grind until fine. Transfer the ground fruit and onions into a large pot, and stir in the malt vinegar, sugar, salt, Worcestershire sauce, garlic, ginger, nutmeg, allspice, and cayenne pepper until the mixture is well combined. Bring to a simmer over low heat, and simmer until brown and thickened, about 3 to 4 hours.
Sterilize the jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Pack the sauce into the hot, sterilized jars, filling the jars to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a knife or a thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids, and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot, and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil over high heat, then carefully lower the jars into the pot using a holder. Leave a 2 inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary until the water level is at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a full boil, cover the pot, and process for 10 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Once cool, press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
luvz2cook
Description: 
Great with meatloaf, or any meats. Made with plums, apples, and onions basically.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Sauces

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
6 h
Number of servings: 
200
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
32 calories
0.1
g fat
8.1
g carbohydrates
0.1
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
9
mg sodium.
