URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/215228/simply-sensational-chili/
Title:
Simply Sensational Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4419707.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons Goya Extra Virgin Olive Oil
1 cup onion, chopped
1/2 cup green bell pepper, chopped
1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and roughly chopped (optional)
2 teaspoons Goya Minced Garlic
1 pound ground beef
Goya Adobo with Pepper, to taste
1 tablespoon chili powder
1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh cilantro
1 tablespoon dry ground cumin
1 (28 ounce) can whole tomatoes, chopped
1 packet Goya Powdered Beef Bouillon
1 packet Sazon Goya with Coriander and Annatto
1 (15.5 ounce) can Goya Pinto Beans, undrained
Shredded Monterey jack cheese (optional)
Sour cream (optional)
Finely chopped white onions (optional)

Directions:
Heat oil in medium, heavy-bottomed pot over medium-high heat. Add onions, peppers and garlic; cook until vegetables are soft, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Season meat with Adobo. Add meat to the pot, breaking into small pieces with a wooden spoon. Cook until browned, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Stir in chili powder, cilantro and cumin, cook until fragrant, about 1 minute more.
Add 1 cup water, chopped tomatoes (with liquid), beef bouillon and Sazon to pot. Bring tomato mixture to a boil. Lower heat to medium-low and simmer, uncovered, until mixture thickens and flavors come together, stirring occasionally, about 1 hour. Stir in beans. Cook until heated through, about 15 minutes more.
Divide chili among serving bowls. Garnish with cheese, sour cream and onions, if desired.

Submitter: 
Goya
Description: 
Classic, medium strength chili the whole family will enjoy. The slow-simmer method takes a little longer, but the results are worth the wait. We used pinto beans, but you can substitute red kidney or black beans.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
Goya&#174;

Number of ratings:
24 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.625
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
1 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
