URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/215224/shredded-chicken-tacos/
Title:
Shredded Chicken Tacos Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/6444982.jpg
Ingredients:
2 (8 ounce) cans Goya Tomato Sauce
2 teaspoons Goya White Distilled Vinegar
2 teaspoons Goya Minced Garlic
3 ½ teaspoons ancho chile powder
1 teaspoon Goya Ground Cumin
2 teaspoons Goya Oregano Leaf
½ teaspoon sugar
2 tablespoons Goya Extra Virgin Olive Oil
2 pounds bone-in, skin-on chicken breasts
Goya Adobo with Pepper, to taste
1 (10 ounce) package Goya Corn Tortillas, warmed
¼ cup finely chopped white onion
1  lime, cut into wedges
2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh cilantro
Goya Hot Sauce

Directions:
In medium bowl, mix together tomato sauce, vinegar, garlic, chili powder, cumin, oregano, and sugar. Season with Adobo; set aside.
Heat oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Season chicken with Adobo. Cook chicken, turning once, until light golden brown on both sides, about 5 minutes. Add reserved tomato sauce mixture to pan; bring to a boil (be careful, the tomato sauce can splatter). Lower heat to medium low. Simmer, covered, until cooked through (thermometer will register 170 degrees F when inserted into thickest part of breast), flipping once, about 20 minutes.
Transfer chicken to cutting board; reserve sauce in pan. Remove and discard bones and skin. Using two forks, shred chicken breast. Transfer chicken to skillet with sauce, mixing to combine; continue to cook until sauce reduces and blends into chicken, and mixture begins to caramelize, about 10 minutes more.
Transfer chicken mixture to serving bowl. Spoon into warmed corn tortillas. Garnish with lettuce, tomatoes, avocados and/or onions, if desired. Sprinkle with hot sauce, if desired.

Submitter: 
Goya
Description: 
Bone and skin are left on the chicken breasts so they're extra flavorful as they simmer in tomato sauce and a blend of savory seasonings.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
306 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.71
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
50 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
