URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/215270/susies-mocca-cheesecake/
Title:
Susie's Mocca Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Crust:
1 1/4 cups gingersnap cookie crumbs
3 tablespoons butter, melted
Filling:
1 tablespoon unflavored gelatin powder
1/4 cup cold water
1 cup heavy cream
1 (16 ounce) package creamed cottage cheese
2 extra large eggs, yolks and whites separated
1/4 cup brown sugar
6 tablespoons cold strong brewed coffee
1/4 cup brown sugar
Topping:
3 1/2 ounces high quality milk chocolate
3 tablespoons milk
2 teaspoons butter
1 tablespoon heavy cream

Directions:
Grease the bottom and sides of a 9-inch springform pan with cooking spray or butter. Mix 3 tablespoons of melted butter and the cookie crumbs in a bowl; press the mixture into the bottom of the pan. Refrigerate until needed.
Sprinkle the gelatin on top of the cold water in a heat-proof bowl and set aside for 10 minutes. When all of the water is absorbed and the grains have swelled, gently heat the bowl over a pot of simmering water just until the gelatin melts.
Beat 1 cup of cream, cottage cheese, and egg yolks together in a large mixing bowl. (See Editor's Notes if you prefer to pasteurize the egg yolks.) Beat in 1/4 cup of  brown sugar. Pour in the melted gelatin and the cooled coffee and mix well.
In a bowl, whisk the egg whites until soft peaks form, gradually beating in 1/4 cup of  brown sugar (see Notes).
Use a rubber spatula or wire whisk to fold 1/3 of the egg white mixture into the cheese mixture. Gently run the spatula through the center of the bowl, then around the sides of the bowl, repeating until fully incorporated. Add the remaining egg white mixture, folding just until incorporated. Transfer the filling to the cake pan, spreading it gently over the cookie crust to smooth the surface. Chill until set, preferably overnight.
Combine the milk chocolate, milk, and 2 teaspoons of butter in a small saucepan. Melt the chocolate over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat and allow the mixture to cool; it should be fluid but not set. Pour the glaze over the cheesecake, spreading it to evenly coat the surface. Drizzle 1 tablespoon of cream in droplets over the glaze; swirl a toothpick through the glaze and cream to get a marbled effect. Chill until set, about 1 hour.
Carefully remove the outer ring of the springform pan and transfer the cheesecake onto a serving platter.

Submitter: 
SusieBlue
Description: 
I found this recipe in a South African magazine over 20 years ago and have been making a version of it ever since. It's a deliciously creamy cheesecake topped with a layer of chocolate. Serve with coffee after a meal.
Categories:
World Cuisine
African

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.33333349227905
Prep time: 
1 h 15 m
Ready in:
10 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
440 calories
27.9
g fat
37
g carbohydrates
11.4
g protein
123
mg cholesterol
382
mg sodium.
