URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/215207/apricot-chicken-curry/
Title:
Apricot Chicken Curry Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F700985.jpg
Ingredients:
8  chicken drumsticks
salt and pepper to taste
2 tablespoons olive oil
3 cloves garlic, minced
½ teaspoon red pepper flakes, or to taste
4 cups apricot nectar
1 teaspoon cornstarch, or as needed
1 tablespoon water
3 tablespoons Madras curry powder
1 cup dried apricots
1 large onion, roughly chopped
1 large green bell pepper, roughly chopped
4  carrots, thinly sliced
1  fresh green chile pepper, minced (optional)
½ cup chopped water chestnuts (optional)

Directions:
Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Season the chicken drumsticks with salt and pepper.
Heat olive oil in a large oven-safe skillet over medium heat. Stir in garlic and red pepper flakes; cook and stir until garlic is softened and is fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Place the drumsticks in the skillet, and brown the chicken on all sides, about 3 minutes on each side. Transfer the skillet to the oven.
Bake the chicken drumsticks in the preheated oven until no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, 7 to 10 minutes.
Bring the apricot nectar to a boil in a large pot over medium-high eat, then reduce heat to medium-low. Mix cornstarch and water together in a small bowl; stir cornstarch mixture and curry powder into the apricot nectar. Add dried apricots. Transfer the baked drumsticks into the apricot mixture.
Heat the skillet used to cook the chicken over medium heat. Stir in the onion, green bell pepper, carrots, and green chile pepper; cook and stir until the onion has softened. Pour the drumsticks and apricot sauce into the skillet. Cover and simmer until the vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Stir in water chestnuts just before serving.

Submitter: 
Katherine D
Description: 
I love apricot juice as the base for this curry dish. Chicken drumsticks are an economical meat option, but any bone-in pieces would do. Hold back on the madras curry and peppers to keep this dish mild and flavorful; adjust upward if you enjoy a lot of heat! Over rice, this is a complete meal.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
9 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.78
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 10 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
649 calories
23.1
g fat
75.3
g carbohydrates
40.1
g protein
117
mg cholesterol
168
mg sodium.
