URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/215283/tangy-turmeric-chicken-wraps/
Title:
Tangy Turmeric Chicken Wraps Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/4036656.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup plain yogurt
½  onion, chopped
2 tablespoons lemon juice
1 tablespoon ground turmeric
¼ teaspoon ground cumin
½ teaspoon paprika
½ teaspoon salt
⅛ teaspoon ground ginger
⅛ teaspoon cayenne pepper
ground black pepper to taste
2  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - cut into strips
¼ cup water
1 teaspoon vegetable oil
4  pita breads
1 medium cucumber, diced
1 bunch fresh parsley, finely chopped

Directions:
Whisk together the yogurt, onion, lemon juice, turmeric, cumin, paprika, salt, ginger, cayenne pepper, and black pepper in a large glass or ceramic bowl. Add the chicken and toss to evenly coat. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap, and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour.
Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat, and lightly oil the grate. Remove the chicken from the marinade, and shake off excess.
Cook the chicken on the preheated grill until well-browned and no longer pink in the center, 5 to 7 minutes. Cut the chicken into bite-sized pieces. Set aside.
Pour the water, oil, and remaining marinade into a small saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer until thickened and bubbling, about 10 minutes; stir in the chicken.
Serve chicken on the pita breads, and top with cucumber and parsley.

Submitter: 
Jordan VanDijk
Description: 
Simple and quick grilled chicken with a delicious sauce and fresh vegetables in a pita or naan wrap! This recipe is a great base for your own wrap ideas. Play with the ingredient level - maybe you'd like it spicier, saltier or more tangy!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
11 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.55
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 30 mins
Number of servings: 
1 hr
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
307 calories
4.7
g fat
44
g carbohydrates
22.1
g protein
37
mg cholesterol
696
mg sodium.
