URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/215229/asopao-de-pollo-chicken-rice-gumbo/
Title:
Asopao de Pollo (Chicken Rice Gumbo) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/990428.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (3 pound) chicken, cut into pieces
Goya Adobo All-Purpose Seasoning with Pepper, to taste
3 tablespoons Goya Extra Virgin Olive Oil
1/2 green bell pepper, very finely chopped
1 medium yellow onion, very finely chopped
2 ounces smoked ham, cut into 1/2-inch cubes
1 tablespoon Goya Minced Garlic
1 teaspoon Goya Whole Oregano
1 packet Sazon Goya with Coriander and Annatto
1 packet Sazon Goya without Annatto
1 packet Goya Powdered Chicken Bouillon
1 (8 ounce) can Goya Tomato Sauce
1 1/2 cups Goya Medium Grain Rice
4 Goya Manzanilla Olives Stuffed with Minced Pimientos, sliced
1 (4 ounce) jar Goya Fancy Sliced Pimientos, drained
2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro

Directions:
Season chicken on all sides with Adobo. Heat oil in medium pot over medium high heat. Add chicken to pot; cook until golden brown on all sides, about 7 minutes; set aside. Add onion and peppers to pot; cook until soft, about 7 minutes. Add ham, garlic, oregano and Sazon; cook until fragrant, about 1 minute more. Add tomato sauce, reserved chicken pieces and 8 cups water to pot. Bring water to a boil. Stir in rice; boil 1 minute. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until chicken is cooked through and rice is tender, about 25 minutes.
Stir in olives, pimientos and cilantro. Evenly divide asopao among serving bowls. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Goya
Description: 
A classic easy gumbo recipe, Asopao de Pollo--or Chicken and Rice Gumbo--is more than a soup, yet not quite a stew.  GOYA® Medium-Grain Rice thickens this Asopao de Pollo recipe and GOYA® Adobo All-Purpose Seasoning adds zest for a fragrant and comforting meal. No wonder this easy gumbo is a favorite in the Caribbean.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
