URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/215276/senegalese-riz-gras/
Title:
Senegalese Riz Gras Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 cups vegetable oil for frying
14 potatoes, cut into 1-inch chunks
1 cassava (manioc) root, peeled and cut into large chunks
1 onion, thinly sliced
2 cloves garlic, minced
2 cups diced tomatoes
1 (6 ounce) can tomato paste
7 cups water
1 pound stew beef, cubed
1 head cabbage, diced
4 large carrots, sliced
1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley
2 teaspoons salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
3 cups rice

Directions:
Heat vegetable oil in a large pot over medium-high heat. Cook potatoes and cassava in hot oil, turning occasionally, until browned on all sides, about 10 minutes. Transfer potatoes and cassava to a plate with a slotted spoon.
Cook and stir onion in the same hot oil until translucent; add garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir in diced tomatoes and tomato paste; cook until fully incorporated and hot, about 1 minute.
Stir water, beef, cabbage, carrots, parsley, salt, and black pepper into tomato mixture; bring to a boil. Add potatoes and cassava, reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer until the vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes.
Transfer vegetables and meat with a slotted spoon to a large bowl. Measure liquid in the pot, adding water as necessary to make 6 cups of liquid. Return 6 cups liquid to the pot, add rice, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover the pot with a lid, and simmer, stirring occasionally, until rice is tender and liquid is absorbed, 20 to 25 minutes.
Spoon rice onto a platter and top with meat and vegetables.

Submitter: 
Karen B
Description: 
Years ago while living in West Africa, our cook taught me how to make this popular dish served in restaurants and at many cultural celebrations in West Africa. It has been a family favorite ever since.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
834 calories
10.1
g fat
160.8
g carbohydrates
27.5
g protein
30
mg cholesterol
867
mg sodium.
