URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/215461/chipotle-cheeseburger/
Title:
Chipotle Cheeseburger Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/982279.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 cup Goya Mayonnaise
1 chipotle pepper from a can of Goya Chipotle Peppers in Adobo Sauce, finely chopped
1/4 cup sauce from a can of Goya Chipotle Chiles in Adobo Sauce
3 tablespoons Goya Minced Garlic, divided
1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh cilantro
Goya Adobo All-Purpose Seasoning, to taste
2 pounds ground beef (80% lean)
1 teaspoon Goya Vegetable Oil
6 slices Cheddar cheese
6 hamburger buns
6 (1/4 inch thick) slices red onions
6 (1/2 inch thick) slices tomatoes
6 lettuce leaves

Directions:
In medium bowl, stir together mayonnaise, 1 tbsp. chipotle sauce, 1 tsp. garlic, cilantro and adobo; cover and refrigerate until ready to use.
In large bowl, gently mix together beef, chopped chipotle, 3 tbsp. chipotle sauce, remaining garlic and adobo until combined. Divide meat into 6 portions; form into 1 inch-thick patties. (Take care not to over-handle meat or else it will toughen).
Prepare grill to medium-high heat, grease with oil (or heat oil in medium skillet over medium-high heat). Cook burgers, flipping once, until charred and cooked to desired doneness (about 12 minutes total for medium rare). Add cheese to patties about 5 minutes before taking them off grill.
To assemble, divide patties evenly among bottom buns; top with onion slice, tomato slice, lettuce and top bun spread with reserved chipotle mayonnaise.

Submitter: 
Goya
Description: 
A burger with a fiery twist! The classic cheeseburger gets a tasty update with the addition of GOYA® Chipotle Peppers in Adobo Sauce. These chipotle chiles are jalapeno peppers that have been dried, smoked, and then packed in a flavorful sauce made of tomatoes and other spices. Here, we add these special peppers twice--first to the mayonnaise, which gets spread on the buns, and then mixed into the meat before its grilled. And don't skip the red onions and tomatoes: they add a sweet, crisp bite.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
Goya&#174;

Number of ratings:
25 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.44000005722046
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
