URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/215429/matty-cake-ice-cream-cake/
Title:
Matty Cake Ice Cream Cake  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4555750.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon butter
2 cups sweetened coconut flakes
1/4 cup butter
9 milk-chocolate-topped butter cookies (such as Le Petit Ecolier European Biscuits®)
1/4 cup butterscotch topping
1 pint premium quality chocolate ice cream

Directions:
Heat 1 tablespoon butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add coconut flakes. Cook and stir until lightly brown, 2 to 3 minutes; set aside to cool.
Place 1/4 cup butter in a microwave-safe bowl. Heat in the microwave until melted, about 1 minute. Allow to cool slightly. Crush cookies into the butter; stir to combine. Press crust into the bottom of a 4-inch springform pan.
Pour butterscotch topping onto the crust; spread to coat. Put crust in the freezer until hardened, about 10 minutes. Remove ice cream from freezer to soften at the same time.
Spread softened ice cream gently over the crust, using a warm spoon to make it even. Return cake to the freezer to harden, about 10 minutes more. Spread the toasted coconut over the cake.

Submitter: 
emily's recipes
Description: 
Ladies, have you ever wanted to land a hot guitar player, want to be a hot guitar player, or have heard a guitar before and also like ice cream cake? If so, this is the cake for you. Put on a cute outfit, crank up some tunes, and have a rockin' glass of wine...you're about to land the man of your dreams! No sweat pants allowed during the creation of this ice cream cake...Don't drink more than one glass of wine during its preparation...the coconut is the only thing that should be toasted when this ice cream cake is served. Drizzle some carmel and chocolate sauce on top.
Categories:
Desserts
Frozen Desserts
Ice Cream Cake

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
32 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
424 calories
25.8
g fat
46.9
g carbohydrates
4.2
g protein
44
mg cholesterol
260
mg sodium.
