URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/215563/chicken-rolls/
Title:
Chicken Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F478553.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (8 ounce) package refrigerated crescent rolls
1 (3 ounce) package cream cheese with chives, softened
2 tablespoons butter
1 cup shredded cooked chicken
¾ cup sliced fresh mushrooms
½ teaspoon lemon pepper
2 tablespoons butter, melted
3 cups seasoned croutons, crushed
⅓ cup drippings from a roast chicken
1 tablespoon minced onion
½ cup dry white wine
1 cup chicken stock
2 tablespoons cornstarch
3 tablespoons chicken stock
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Roll out and separate the crescent roll dough on a large baking sheet.
Mix together the cream cheese and butter in a bowl until well blended. Stir in the shredded chicken, mushrooms, and lemon pepper. Fill the crescent rolls with a tablespoonful of the chicken mixture. Roll each piece up beginning with the wide end; press and seal the top of the rolled dough. Brush the rolls with butter, then roll them in the crushed croutons. Return the coated rolls back to the baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, about 20 minutes.
Heat the drippings in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Stir in the onion and wine; cook and stir until most of the wine has evaporated, about 5 minutes. Pour in 1 cup of chicken stock and continue to cook and stir until the sauce has reduced by half, about 15 minutes. Reduce heat to low. Mix the cornstarch and remaining 3 tablespoons of chicken stock in a small bowl. Stir the cornstarch mixture into the skillet until thickened, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.
Spoon the hot gravy over the chicken rolls before serving.

Submitter: 
Monica Joy
Description: 
A Sunday night dinner tradition, prepared by my grandmother.  These chicken roll ups are flaky, savory, and comforting.  A great way to use leftover rotisserie chicken.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
16 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.25
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 10 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
662 calories
38.3
g fat
47.3
g carbohydrates
24.9
g protein
78
mg cholesterol
1391
mg sodium.
