URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/215760/mincemeat-cake-with-pecans-/
Title:
Mincemeat Cake with Pecans  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
cooking spray
2 cups all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon baking powder
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, or to taste
2 teaspoons ground allspice, or to taste
1/2 teaspoon salt
4 cups prepared mincemeat pie filling
1 1/2 cups white sugar
3 eggs
1 1/2 cups raisins
2 cups whole maraschino cherries, drained (reserve juice)
1 cup shredded carrots
1 cup chopped pecans, or more to taste
1/2 cup applesauce
1/2 cup canola oil
1 fluid ounce brandy flavoring
1 teaspoon vanilla extract

Directions:
Preheat  oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Spray an angel food tube pan or 2 5x9-inch bread pans with nonstick cooking spray.
Sift the flour, baking soda, baking powder, cinnamon, allspice, and salt together into a bowl.
Stir the mincemeat pie filling, sugar, eggs, raisins, maraschino cherries, carrots, pecans, applesauce, canola oil, brandy flavoring, and vanilla extract together in a large mixing bowl. Mix about 1/3 of the flour mixture into the mincemeat mixture at a time, stirring 3 or 4 times after each addition. If the batter seems dry, stir in reserved maraschino juice, about 1 tablespoon at a time, until batter is desired consistency. Spoon the batter into prepared cake pan.
Bake in the preheated oven until cake is lightly golden brown and a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean, about 1 hour and 10 minutes.

Submitter: 
Kitten
Description: 
This recipe came from my high school cooking class. Over the years I have tweaked it and retweaked it so many times that I have changed it to a mincemeat cake with either pecans or walnuts. It tastes similar to fruitcake, but without the candied fruit. When the kids ask me to make a fruitcake, this is the one they are referring to. At different times I have added coconut, candied fruitcake fruit, and chopped dried fruit. It has a bit of a fruitcake flavor. If you add extra ingredients and it causes the batter to be too moist, more flour can be added. Up to 1/2 cup flour can be added without changing other ingredients. If you add more flour than that, add 1/2 teaspoon of baking powder.
Categories:
Desserts
Nut Desserts
Pecan Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 55 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
641 calories
20
g fat
116.1
g carbohydrates
5.4
g protein
46
mg cholesterol
476
mg sodium.
