URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/215708/the-ultimate-all-bran-burger-and-farmers-market-crudites-salad/
Title:
The Ultimate All-Bran Burger and Farmers Market Crudites Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/993519.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound ground beef, fresh ground (lamb or turkey work great as a substitute)
1 egg
1/2 cup Kellogg's* All-Bran* Original cereal
1 shallot (or small onion) finely minced or grated
Dijon mustard
1 clove garlic, finely minced or grated
1 cup black olives, finely chopped
1 cup (packed) chopped mixed fresh herb leaves - basil, mint, coriander, parsley
1 tablespoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
Season with salt and freshly ground pepper just before cooking
2 purple carrots
2 white carrots
2 yellow carrots
2 red carrots
Variety of different coloured radishes
Variety of baby lettuce leaves and herbs
Sea salt and pepper to taste
Extra virgin olive oil

Directions:
The Ultimate Burger: In a bowl, whisk the All-Bran* cereal "flour" and egg with the mustard to make a paste.
Add the grated shallot, garlic, olives, herbs and spices.
When your flavouring components are combined, work the ground meat into the mixture until well incorporated.
Form into patties (I like an 8-oz. patty, about an inch thick), place them onto a tray lined with parchment paper and allow to sit for a couple of hours in the refrigerator. Ideally, prepare them the day before.
To cook, season with salt and pan fry or grill for about 4 minutes on each side. The internal temperature should reach 160 F or 71 C.
Farmers Market Crudites Salad: Wash the vegetables under cold running water.
Using a vegetable peeler, peel long strips of the vegetables and store them in ice water.
When ready to serve, remove the shaved vegetables from the water and pat dry on paper towel. Toss the vegetables with some olive oil, your favourite fresh herbs and season with sea salt and pepper.

Submitter: 
Kellogg's* All-Bran*
Description: 
So juicy and delicious.  With fresh herbs like coriander, basil and mint, this is a burger like no other.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
407 calories
23.2
g fat
25.3
g carbohydrates
27.5
g protein
126
mg cholesterol
690
mg sodium.
