URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/216054/curried-celery-apple-soup-with-shiitake/
Title:
Curried Celery-Apple Soup with Shiitake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 head garlic, peeled
1/4 teaspoon sea salt
2 tablespoons butter
1/4 cup white miso paste
2 tablespoons ground cumin
2 tablespoons yellow curry powder
1 teaspoon celery seed
1 tablespoon ground black pepper
1 tablespoon sea salt
1 bunch celery, chopped
1 small apple - peeled, cored, and chopped
1 cup chicken broth
2 large skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into bite-size pieces
1/4 cup water
1 cup dried sliced shiitake mushrooms
2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar
1 teaspoon black truffle oil

Directions:
Using a mortar and pestle, smash the garlic with 1/4 teaspoon sea salt into a paste.
Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic paste, miso paste, cumin, curry powder, celery seed, black pepper, 1 tablespoon sea salt, celery, and apple to the skillet; cook and stir until the celery is slightly softened, 5 to 7 minutes.
Spoon about half the apple and celery mixture into a blender along with the chicken broth. Hold the lid of the blender with a folded kitchen towel and carefully start the blender, using a few quick pulses to get the mixture moving before leaving it on to puree. Pour into a stockpot over medium heat along with the remaining mixture from the skillet, keeping some of the drippings in the skillet.
Place the skillet over medium heat. Cook the chicken in the drippings until completely browned, about 5 minutes. Pour the water into the skillet and bring to a boil while scraping the browned bits of food off of the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Pour entire contents of skillet into the stockpot along with the shiitake mushrooms. Simmer the soup until the mushrooms have softened, about 20 minutes. Stir the balsamic vinegar and truffle oil into the soup to serve.

Submitter: 
Aimgrrrl
Description: 
This is simultaneously hearty and light. It has plenty of protein so you're not hungry again an hour later, but doesn't feel like you've eaten a heavy stew. Recipe is very easily adaptable to vegetarian by using tofu for chicken and vegetable stock for the chicken broth.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Fruit Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3.16666674613953
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
163 calories
4.9
g fat
19.9
g carbohydrates
12.3
g protein
30
mg cholesterol
915
mg sodium.
