URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/216012/chocolate-roulade-with-apricot-cream/
Title:
Chocolate Roulade with Apricot Cream Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/991229.jpg
Ingredients:
Cooking spray
2 1/4 cups heavy cream, divided
10 ounces Ghirardelli® 60% Cacao Bittersweet Chocolate Chips
8 egg whites, room temperature
1/4 cup granulated sugar
2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 cup apricot preserves
Confectioners' sugar, for dusting
Unsweetened cocoa powder, for dusting
Fresh or canned apricots, sliced

Directions:
Position rack in middle of oven and heat to 350 degrees F. Spray an 11- x 17-inch jelly-roll pan or a 12- x 17 1/2-inch sheet pan with cooking spray; line with parchment paper. In small saucepan, heat 1 1/4 cups of the cream to a simmer. Add chocolate; reduce heat and whisk until chocolate is melted. Remove from heat; let cool for a few minutes.
In mixer with whisk, whip egg whites with granulated sugar to stiff, glossy peaks. Whisk one-fourth of the egg whites into chocolate mixture. Fold remaining egg whites into chocolate mixture until no streaks remain. Pour into prepared pan; spread evenly with spatula. Bake 10 to 12 minutes or until set and puffy. Transfer to wire rack; cool to room temperature. Lift parchment paper to remove cake from pan; set it on work surface with long side facing edge of table.
For apricot cream, whisk remaining 1 cup cream with confectioners sugar and vanilla until stiff; whisk in apricot preserves. Spread evenly over entire surface of cake. Roll cake starting from the long side facing you. Gently peel parchment paper off as cake layer rolls away. Tuck parchment paper around the roll so it is well wrapped and can be moved easily. Place in freezer for at least 2 hours or overnight. To serve, remove parchment paper, gently rolling cake so that seam is on bottom. (If roll has slumped or twisted, lay a piece of plastic over top and sides and reshape with hands.) Trim ends crosswise or on a diagonal. Dust with confectioners sugar and cocoa powder. Cut into 1-inch-thick slices, lay flat on dessert plates and garnish with sliced apricots.

Submitter: 
Ghirardelli®
Description: 
The word roulade originates from the French word 'rouler' meaning to 'roll.' This roulade is a heavenly combination of a sweet and creamy apricot filling rolled inside a rich chocolate cake.

Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
1
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
570 calories
39.1
g fat
56.1
g carbohydrates
7.8
g protein
92
mg cholesterol
97
mg sodium.
