URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/216189/butterfly-chili-lime-prawn-spedini-with-raspberry-dipping-sauce/
Title:
Butterfly Chili Lime Prawn Spedini with Raspberry Dipping Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/958654.jpg
Ingredients:
Prawns:
2 large limes, juiced
2 tablespoons chili oil
1 teaspoon sea salt
20 peeled and deveined jumbo shrimp, tails still attached
20 wooden skewers
Raspberry Dipping Sauce:
2 tablespoons raspberry vinegar
2 tablespoons white sugar
4 ounces fresh raspberries
1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced

Directions:
Stir together the lime juice, chili oil, and sea salt in a mixing bowl until the salt dissolves. Cut the shrimp through the back vein nearly through to the other side, leaving the two sides attached.  Toss the shrimp in the marinade, cover, and refrigerate 4 hours. Soak the wooden skewers in water for 30 minutes.
Make the raspberry dipping sauce by bringing the raspberry vinegar, sugar, and raspberries to a simmer in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook and stir until the raspberries have lost their form and turned into a sauce. Scrape the raspberry mixture into a fine mesh strainer, and allow any excess liquid to drip away. Discard the liquid, and place the pulp into a small bowl. Stir in the minced jalapeno peppers to complete the dipping sauce.
Preheat the oven's broiler and set the oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source.
Remove the shrimp from the marinade, and thread one onto each soaked skewer. Wiggle the skewer through the shrimp so that the tails are pointing upwards. These should look like lollipops. Place the skewers onto a broiler pan.
Cook in the preheated oven until the shrimp start to look pink and a little toasty, about 2 1/2 minutes per side. Serve with the raspberry dipping sauce.

Submitter: 
Raelee's recipes
Description: 
A fun citrus and spice twist on a beautifully butterflied prawn.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Seafood
Shrimp

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.59999990463257
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
4 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
195 calories
5.8
g fat
13.2
g carbohydrates
23.4
g protein
213
mg cholesterol
599
mg sodium.
