URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/216245/tuscan-savory-sweet-potato-soup/
Title:
Tuscan Savory Sweet Potato Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/833933.jpg
Ingredients:
5 sweet potatoes, peeled and quartered
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 large onion, diced
1 pound bulk sweet Italian sausage
2 cloves minced garlic
8 ounces mushrooms, sliced
1 tablespoon Italian seasoning
1 quart half-and-half, or as needed
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Place the sweet potatoes into a large pot and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil; reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until tender, 6 to 8 minutes. Drain and allow to steam dry for a minute or two. Puree potatoes in a food processor or blender in batches until smooth. Return pureed potatoes to the large pot; set aside.
Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat; cook the onion in the hot oil until translucent, about 4 minutes. Add the sausage to the skillet and cook until completely browned, breaking the meat apart with the back of a wooden spoon as it cooks. Stir the garlic, mushrooms, and Italian seasoning into the sausage-and-onion mixture; continue cooking until the mushrooms are tender, another 4 to 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper; transfer to the pot with the potatoes.
Place the large pot over low heat. Pour the half-and-half over the mixture, stirring to mix. Allow the soup to slowly heat until hot and to your desired consistency. Garnish with Parmesan cheese to serve.

Submitter: 
MARKWILDER55
Description: 
This is a recipe I made up because I love sweet potatoes and soup. Add as much or as little half-and-half as you need. Surprisingly, I use the entire quart and soup is still quite thick.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Vegetable Soup
Sweet Potato Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
493 calories
27.4
g fat
47
g carbohydrates
16.8
g protein
69
mg cholesterol
626
mg sodium.
