URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/216357/easy-money-breakfast-burritos/
Title:
Easy Money Breakfast Burritos Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/879445.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound bulk pork sausage
1/2 small onion, chopped
2 teaspoons butter
12 eggs, beaten
1 (4 ounce) can diced green chilies, drained
3/4 cup process cheese food (such as Velveeta®), divided
3/4 cup salsa
1 (10 ounce) package burrito-size flour tortillas

Directions:
Place the pork sausage and onion into a skillet over medium heat, and cook until the sausage is browned, about 10 minutes. Break the meat apart into crumbles as it cooks. Drain the excess grease.
In a separate skillet over medium heat, melt the butter until the foam subsides, and cook and stir the beaten eggs with the chilies until softly scrambled but not wet, about 3 minutes. Transfer the scrambled eggs into a large bowl, and stir in the cooked sausage mixture.
Place a tortilla onto a microwave-safe plate, and cook in the microwave on High setting for 10 to 20 seconds. The tortilla should be warm and pliable. Spoon about 1/2 cup of the sausage and egg mixture in a line down the the tortilla, slightly off center. Top with about 1 tablespoon of shredded cheese, and 1 tablespoon of salsa. Fold 2 opposite ends of the tortilla over the filling. Press the 2 ends down so they stay folded. Carefully roll the shorter unfolded edge over the burrito, pushing the filling to the back of the roll as you go, to snugly enclose the filling. Keep the 2 ends folded as you roll. Wrap in foil if desired. Repeat with the rest of the tortillas.

Submitter: 
LYNDERAE
Description: 
Yummy burritos that are so good that my husband was selling them for a buck apiece at corp school in the Navy. I was making them every night, and we bought a new couch with the money!  These freeze really well; just defrost and eat. I also add fresh cooked mushrooms in these on occasion.  I do find that these taste better when made ahead of time and eaten at a later time.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Eggs
Breakfast Burritos

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
338 calories
21.4
g fat
17.6
g carbohydrates
18.4
g protein
259
mg cholesterol
1049
mg sodium.
