URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/216440/chicken-breasts-in-a-sour-cream-and-wine-sauce/
Title:
Chicken Breasts in a Sour Cream and Wine Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F2095216.jpg
Ingredients:
3 slices bacon
⅓ cup butter
4  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
1 (4.5 ounce) can sliced mushrooms, drained (optional)
4  green onions (white part only), chopped
2 teaspoons paprika
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 cube chicken bouillon
¼ cup hot water
1 cup dry white wine
½ cup sour cream
2 cups uncooked white rice
4 cups water
1 tablespoon toasted slivered almonds

Directions:
Place the bacon in a large, deep skillet, and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain the bacon slices on a paper towel-lined plate. Crumble when cool; set bacon aside.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray a 7x11-inch baking dish with cooking spray.
Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat, and pan-fry the chicken breast halves until brown on both sides, about 6 minutes per side (meat will still be pink inside). Arrange the chicken breasts in the baking dish, and scatter the mushrooms over the chicken. Cook the green onions in the hot skillet over medium heat until softened, about 3 minutes; stir in paprika and flour. Fry the flour mixture for about 1 minute. Mash the bouillon cube in 1/4 cup of hot water in a small bowl, and whisk the bouillon into the flour mixture. Bring to a boil (sauce will be thick). Gradually whisk white wine into the skillet, and bring to a simmer. Stir the sour cream into the sauce. Pour the sauce over the chicken breasts in the baking dish.
Cover the baking dish with foil, and bake in the preheated oven for 1 hour.
About half an hour before chicken is done, bring the rice and 4 cups of water to a boil in a saucepan over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the rice is tender and the liquid has been absorbed, 20 to 25 minutes. Let rice stand covered for about 10 minutes.
To serve, spoon the cooked rice onto a serving platter, and top with the chicken breasts. Stir remaining sauce in the dish, and spoon over the chicken; garnish with crumbled bacon and slivered almonds.

Submitter: 
AntKathy
Description: 
I adapted this recipe from one received years ago. This is one of the few entrees I make that the entire family enjoys. I've given the recipe to many friends who are looking for a new way to serve chicken, and they've all come back with rave reviews.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
39 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.54
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 45 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
803 calories
28.9
g fat
85.3
g carbohydrates
36.9
g protein
128
mg cholesterol
779
mg sodium.
