URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/216590/classico-spaghetti-carbonara/
Title:
Classico® Spaghetti Carbonara Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/979762.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (16 ounce) package spaghetti pasta
1 (15 ounce) jar Classico® Light Creamy Alfredo Pasta Sauce*
4 eggs, beaten
1/2 pound thinly sliced pancetta*
2 chopped large shallots
2 teaspoons minced garlic
1/2 cup dry white wine
1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese
1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley

Directions:
Cook pasta al dente according to package instructions and drain, reserving about 1/4 cup of pasta water. Return pasta to pot and cover to keep warm. In a medium bowl, whisk together Pasta Sauce and eggs, and set aside.
Meanwhile, in a large skillet over medium heat, brown pancetta for 3 to 4 minutes, or until crisp, turning occasionally. Place pancetta on paper towels and coarsely crumble or chop, reserving drippings.
In the same skillet with reserved drippings over medium high heat, cook shallots and garlic for 2 to 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir in wine and cook for another minute. Remove skillet from heat.
Return pasta pot to stovetop over low heat. Add shallot mixture to warm pasta and lightly toss with tongs. Slowly add Pasta Sauce mixture, a little at a time, tossing pasta frequently to prevent eggs from scrambling. Cook for 4 to 6 minutes, or until sauce is cooked through and thickened. Add reserved hot pasta water if needed to thin sauce to desired consistency. Add cheese, parsley and pancetta crumbles, and cook for another minute, stirring frequently. Season with salt and pepper to taste if desired. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Classico
Description: 
An easier take on an Italian classic. Rich and creamy alfredo sauce combines with Parmesan and Pancetta (Italian bacon) for a delicious pasta dish the whole family will love.
Categories:
Pasta and Noodles
Pasta by Shape

Number of ratings:
14 Ratings
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
381 calories
13.2
g fat
45.7
g carbohydrates
16.5
g protein
130
mg cholesterol
622
mg sodium.
