URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/216651/inca-red-quinoa-salad-with-sweet-apple-chicken-sausage/
Title:
Inca Red Quinoa Salad with Sweet Apple Chicken Sausage Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4513598.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (12 ounce) package al fresco® Sweet Apple Chicken Sausage
2 cups water
1 cup red quinoa, dry
1 cup baby beets*, cooked and quartered
1 teaspoon orange peel, freshly grated
1/2 cup red onion, finely chopped
1/2 cup red pepper, diced 1/4 inch
1 tablespoon fresh mint, chopped (reserve leaves for garnish)
2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar
1/2 cup pomegranate juice
3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
2 tablespoons honey
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon black pepper, ground
2 navel oranges, trim peel and membrane and cut into round slices
Cooking spray, extra virgin olive oil

Directions:
Using a medium skillet coated with pan spray, brown the sweet apple chicken sausages over medium high heat.
Meanwhile, bring a large pot of water to a boil, add red quinoa stir in.  Reduce to a simmer, cover and cook until quinoa is tender, 10 – 15 minutes.  Quinoa should be crunchy.  Strain and chill with cold water, drain well. Transfer to a mixing bowl, and toss in the beets, orange peel, red onion, red pepper and fresh mint.
In a separate bowl, whisk together the balsamic vinegar, pomegranate juice, olive oil, honey, Dijon mustard, salt and pepper. Pour over the salad mixture and mix well.
Slice the browned sweet apple chicken sausage 1/4 inch on the diagonal, and toss with the quinoa salad. Chill or serve immediately
Arrange with the orange slices and garnish with fresh mint.

Submitter: 
al fresco
Description: 
Crunchy red quinoa is tossed with baby beets, red bell pepper, orange zest and mint in a honey-mustard pomegranate vinaigrette, and served with sweet apple chicken sausage and orange slices for a delicious lunch or dinner salad.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
16 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
20 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
calories
fat
carbohydrates
protein
cholesterol
sodium.
