URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/216646/zuccotto-cupcakes/
Title:
"Zuccotto" Cupcakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/2406122.jpg
Ingredients:
For Cupcakes:
1 (18.25 ounce) package white cake mix with pudding
1/3 cup vegetable oil
3 egg whites
1 1/4 cups water
6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped fine
For Filling:
1 cup cold heavy whipping cream
2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar
1/2 cup frozen unsweetened raspberries
1/4 cup chocolate-coated toffee bits
1/2 cup finely chopped toasted hazelnuts, skins removed
For Ganache:
1/2 cup heavy cream
6 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped
For Frosting:
1 (12 ounce) package white chocolate chips
1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature
2 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese, softened
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
food coloring, if desired (optional)

Directions:
Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line muffin tins with 24 cupcake liners.
Combine the cake mix, oil, egg whites, and water in a mixing bowl. Beat with an electric mixer on low speed for 30 seconds, then increase the speed to medium and beat for 2 minutes, scraping down the sides of the bowl. Stir in the chopped bittersweet chocolate and scoop the batter into the cupcake liners, filling them two-thirds full.
Bake in the preheated oven until golden and the tops spring back when lightly pressed, 15 to 20 minutes. A toothpick inserted into the center of a cupcake should come out clean. Remove the cupcakes from the pans and cool completely on wire racks.
Beat 1 cup cold whipping cream on medium-high speed until the cream has thickened, about 1 minute. Add confectioners' sugar and beat until stiff peaks form. Stir in the frozen raspberries, toffee bits, and chopped toasted hazelnuts.
Remove the centers of the cupcakes using an apple corer or paring knife, cutting out the middles in a funnel shape by holding the knife at a 45-degree angle. Spoon or pipe the filling into the cupcakes. Refrigerate the cupcakes while you prepare the ganache.
Place the semisweet chocolate pieces in a heat-safe bowl. Bring 1/2 cup heavy cream to a boil. Pour the hot cream over the chocolate; cover the bowl and set aside for 5 minutes. Whisk the chocolate and cream until well combined; allow the ganache to cool until it reaches a spreadable consistency, about 1 hour. Spread a spoonful of ganache evenly over each cupcake. Refrigerate the cupcakes while you prepare the frosting.
Melt the white chocolate chips in a microwave-safe bowl by heating for 1 minute, stirring after 30 seconds. Allow the white chocolate to cool until almost room temperature but still fluid. Cream the butter and cream cheese together. Blend in the melted white chocolate, vanilla extract, and food coloring (if using). Spread the frosting on the cupcakes. Serve immediately, or refrigerate until serving.

Submitter: 
Kayla
Description: 
These cupcakes are a little labor-intensive, but the end product is definitely worth the effort! Even though they don't have a liqueur incorporated with the cake, I call them zuccotto cupcakes because of the whipped cream filling and ganache topping. I made them for my own wedding, and have had to give out the recipe as well as make them for others' special events many times since!
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
Italian

Number of ratings:
72 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.75
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
487 calories
36.2
g fat
37.9
g carbohydrates
5.3
g protein
66
mg cholesterol
242
mg sodium.
