URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/216745/chocolate-banana-fried-wontons-with-grand-marnier-caramel-sauce/
Title:
Chocolate Banana Fried Wontons with Grand Marnier® Caramel Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/584721.jpg
Ingredients:
2 very ripe bananas
1/3 cup miniature semi-sweet chocolate chips
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 (14 ounce) package wonton wrappers
oil for frying
1/2 cup butter
1/2 cup brown sugar
1 tablespoon brandy-based orange liqueur (such as Grand Marnier®)
2 tablespoons light corn syrup
2 tablespoons miniature semi-sweet chocolate chips

Directions:
Place the bananas, 1/3 cup chocolate chips, clove, cinnamon, and vanilla into a mixing bowl, and mash until evenly blended. Alternatively, chop the mixture in a food processor until the chocolate chips have been reduced in size. This will help prevent the chips from poking through the wonton skins as you handle them. It will also change the texture of the filling - you will not have pockets of melted chocolate in the wontons.
To make the wontons: Separate and place the wonton wrappers onto your work surface. Spoon about 1 teaspoon of the banana filling onto the center of each wrapper. Use your finger or a pastry brush to lightly moisten the edges of the wonton wrappers with water. Fold one corner of the wrapper over the filling onto the opposite corner to form a triangle. Press the edges together to seal. Repeat with the remaining ingredients.
Prepare the sauce by combining the butter, brown sugar, orange liqueur, and corn syrup in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, and cook until the sugar has dissolved and the sauce is smooth, about 4 minutes. Set aside to cool slightly.
Fry the wontons in the hot oil a few at a time until golden brown, about 4 minutes. Turn the wontons over halfway through cooking so they brown evenly. Remove, and drain on a paper towel-lined plate. Serve warm with the caramel sauce. Sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons chocolate chips to garnish.

Submitter: 
chikalin
Description: 
I tried banana wontons at a Chinese restaurant and liked them, so i thought i'd make up a recipe at home when I was making an Asian-themed dinner. My boyfriend said they were better than the restaurant's! They're great with ice cream. Substitute any kind of liqueur you want for the Grand Marnier® - be creative! many different fruit flavors seem to go well with this dessert.
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Banana Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.57142877578735
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
213 calories
13.8
g fat
21.7
g carbohydrates
1.7
g protein
17
mg cholesterol
122
mg sodium.
