URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/216751/elegant-coconut-bavarian-cream/
Title:
Elegant Coconut Bavarian Cream Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/598032.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (.25 ounce) envelope unflavored gelatin
1/4 cup cold water
2 cups milk
2 eggs, separated
1/4 cup white sugar
1/8 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/4 cup cold heavy whipping cream
1/2 cup flaked coconut

Directions:
Sprinkle the gelatin over the cold water and set aside to soften for 10 minutes. In a saucepan over medium-high heat, bring the milk just to the boiling point.
Whisk the egg yolks with the sugar and salt. In a steady stream, pour the hot milk into the egg yolks, whisking constantly.
Add the softened gelatin to the hot custard and stir until fully dissolved. Stir in the vanilla extract. Let the mixture cool to room temperature.
Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Toast the coconut on a baking sheet until golden, about 4 minutes, stirring once or twice. (You may use a toaster oven for this step). Transfer to a plate to cool, reserving about 1 tablespoon toasted coconut for garnishing.
Whip the egg whites until medium-stiff peaks form; gently fold the egg whites into the cooled custard mixture.
Whip the cream until medium-stiff peaks form. Fold the cream into the custard mixture, along with the toasted coconut. Pour the Bavarian cream into serving glasses and chill for at least three hours before serving. Garnish with the reserved toasted coconut.

Submitter: 
cezar
Description: 
A family recipe usually saved for special occasions, this looks beautiful served in wine or martini glasses. It has a rich taste with a light texture. I recommend starting early on this, as the dessert needs time to set in the refrigerator. Great for when the oven is occupied with other dishes!
Categories:
Desserts
Mousse

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
162 calories
8.5
g fat
15.8
g carbohydrates
5.9
g protein
75
mg cholesterol
126
mg sodium.
