URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/217012/grapefruit-vanilla-meringue-pie/
Title:
Grapefruit Vanilla Meringue 'Pie' Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
3 grapefruit
1/4 cup brown sugar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 egg whites
1/4 cup white sugar
1 1/2 cups vanilla ice cream

Directions:
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
With a very sharp knife, cut a slice from the bottom and top of a grapefruit, cutting into the fruit. Stand the grapefruit up on a work surface, and slice off the peel and white pith in vertical slices, exposing the fruit segments (cut slightly into the fruit part). Use your knife to gently slice between the exposed white membranes, and loosen the grapefruit segments into a bowl. Pick out any seeds. Repeat with remaining grapefruit. Shake any droplets of juice into the bowl as you work.
Gently stir the brown sugar and vanilla extract into the fruit until the sugar has dissolved; spoon into a 1-quart baking dish. Beat the egg whites and sugar in a glass or metal bowl with an electric mixer on medium-high speed until the mixture forms soft, glossy peaks. Spread the fruit with the ice cream, and spoon the meringue on top of the grapefruit in decorative peaks and swirls.
Bake in the preheated oven until the meringue is golden brown, about 7 minutes.

Submitter: 
Alisan
Description: 
The tartness of the grapefruit is softened with the help of brown sugar and vanilla ice cream with a smooth and fluffy meringue on top. This dessert screams sophistication, yet it doesn't require expensive ingredients or fancy baking skills. This 'pie' can be served as the final touch on nice dinners or just for your family when you're craving something other than a scoop of vanilla ice cream after dinner. Also, this dish is great because you can be creative and substitute other citrus fruits instead of the grapefruit, like oranges -- or even pineapple, whatever you'd like!
Categories:
Desserts
Pies

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
1
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
200 calories
3.6
g fat
40.2
g carbohydrates
3.4
g protein
15
mg cholesterol
47
mg sodium.
