URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/217170/best-homemade-seitan/
Title:
Best Homemade Seitan Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1806543.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups vital wheat gluten flour
1/4 cup nutritional yeast
1 cup ice cold vegetable stock
1/2 cup soy sauce
1 tablespoon tomato paste
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 teaspoon grated lemon zest
1 teaspoon salt-free seasoning blend
Simmering Broth
1/2 cup soy sauce
10 cups ice cold water
1 teaspoon vegetable oil

Directions:
Combine the vital wheat gluten flour and nutritional yeast flakes in a bowl; set aside. In a separate bowl, mix the vegetable stock, 1/2 cup of soy sauce, tomato paste, garlic, lemon zest, and seasoning blend.
Pour the wet ingredients into the flour mixture and stir with a firm spatula. Knead the dough until a spongy, elastic dough forms, about 3 minutes. Roll the dough into a log shape and cut it into 3 equal pieces.
Combine 1/2 cup of soy sauce and cold water in a large pot. The simmering broth should be very cold when you add the dough to help it keep a firm texture and ensure that it doesn't break apart. Place the dough pieces in the cold broth, partially cover the pot, and bring it to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to low, partially cover the pot, and simmer for 1 hour, turning the dough pieces occasionally.
Remove the pot from the heat and let the gluten cool in the broth for at least 30 minutes. To store the gluten, refrigerate, covered in the broth, in a sealed container for up to 5 days.
If your recipe calls for seitan, cut the gluten into pieces. Add vegetable oil to a heavy skillet and turn the heat to medium-high. Add the gluten pieces and cook for 20 minutes, turning the pieces occasionally.

Submitter: 
soapymayhem
Description: 
This seitan is eaten by vegans as a meat substitute. The flavoring for this goes well with pretty much any dish, but depending what you are using it for you can change the flavors up a bit by adding finely-chopped herbs to the mixture, or if you're making something Asian or Indian, some grated ginger wouldn't hurt.
Categories:
Everyday Cooking
Vegetarian
Protein
Seitan

Number of ratings:
8 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.625
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
2 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
188 calories
1.1
g fat
18
g carbohydrates
24.7
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
2517
mg sodium.
