URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/217189/authentic-homemade-yogurt/
Title:
Authentic Homemade Yogurt Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1028395.jpg
Ingredients:
3/4 cup plain yogurt, preferably Greek-style, with live cultures
1 quart whole milk
1 quart half-and-half
1 pint heavy whipping cream (optional)

Directions:
On a work surface, lay four clean cotton towels in a cross pattern, each with one end overlapping a few inches in the center. Position a large baking dish or glass mixing bowl in the center of the towels.
Set the plain yogurt on the counter to warm to room temperature while preparing milk mixture.
Combine milk and half-and-half in a large, heavy, non-aluminum pot. Heat over low to moderate heat, stirring constantly, until mixture just comes to the boil. Immediately remove from heat and pour mixture into the waiting bowl. Add 1 pint whipping cream, if desired, for added richness.
Allow mixture to cool to 112 degrees F (44 degrees C). Gradually pour 1 cup of the warm milk into the yogurt, whisking constantly. Return the yogurt-milk mixture to the bowl and stir well. Cover bowl with plastic wrap; wrap kitchen towels up and over bowl, covering completely. Let stand at room temperature until firmly set, 8 to 12 hours.
Refrigerate yogurt several hours or overnight to chill completely.

Submitter: 
Sherylann Hope Sharoian
Description: 
Yogurt is a staple in Armenian cuisine. This authentic recipe for homemade yogurt has been passed down in my husband's family for many generations. I've updated the measurements and temperatures to ensure a successful recipe every time. It's fast, easy and economical! I always try to keep some on hand, but this recipe is so versatile and delicious, it's sometimes hard to keep up with the demand!
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.875
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
8 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
367 calories
33.3
g fat
10.5
g carbohydrates
7.9
g protein
114
mg cholesterol
106
mg sodium.
