URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/217177/dazzlin-chicken--n--dumplins/
Title:
Dazzlin' Chicken -n- Dumplin's Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/627689.jpg
Ingredients:
6 chicken breast halves
4 cups water, or as needed to cover
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 teaspoon dried sage
1 cup chopped celery
1 teaspoon onion powder
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, divided
1 cup whole wheat flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
1 1/4 cups heavy cream
1 tablespoon chopped parsley

Directions:
Place the chicken breasts into a large soup pot, cover with water, and sprinkle in the salt, black pepper, and sage. Bring to a boil over medium heat, then reduce heat and simmer until the chicken is no longer pink inside, about 30 minutes. Remove the chicken to a bowl, and let cool; shred chicken when cooled.
While chicken is cooling, bring the chicken broth left in the pot back to a boil over medium heat, and stir in the celery, onion powder, and garlic powder. Reduce heat to a simmer, and cook until the celery is tender, about 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, whisk 1 cup of all-purpose flour, the whole wheat flour, salt, and baking powder together in a mixing bowl. Stir in the cream to make a dough. Sprinkle a work surface with the remaining 1/4 cup of flour, and roll the dough out about 1/4-inch thick. Using a pizza cutter, cut the dough into 1 1/2 inch squares. Toss the dumplings in the flour on the work surface.
Drop the dumplings, a few at a time, into the simmering broth. Stir frequently to keep them from sticking to the bottom; allow to simmer until the dumplings puff up and the broth thickens, about 30 minutes; stir in the cooked shredded chicken and parsley. Bring back to a boil, and serve hot in bowls.

Submitter: 
Kari
Description: 
This is a heartier version (whole wheat dumplings) to a down-home Southern comfort food.  Delicious and easy, sticks to the ribs, and keeps you full for a while. We enjoy having strawberry shortcake for dessert with this meal!
Categories:
Main Dish
Dumplings

Number of ratings:
9 Ratings
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
471 calories
20.5
g fat
37.6
g carbohydrates
34
g protein
136
mg cholesterol
515
mg sodium.
