URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/217276/couscous-a-la-me/
Title:
Couscous a la Me! Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/659751.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups water
1 teaspoon chicken bouillon granules (optional)
2 teaspoons butter
1 (10 ounce) box couscous
2 tablespoons olive oil
½  red bell pepper, chopped
½  yellow bell pepper, chopped
½  orange bell pepper, chopped
½  onion, chopped
¼ teaspoon garlic powder, or to taste
½ pound boneless chicken tenders, cut into bite sized pieces
2 (14.5 ounce) cans diced tomatoes
1 (14.5 ounce) can black beans, drained
1 splash dry white wine (optional)
¼ cup shredded Cheddar cheese (optional)

Directions:
Bring the water to a boil in a saucepan with the chicken bouillon and the butter; pour over the couscous in a large bowl. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and allow the couscous to absorb the moisture entirely, 5 to 7 minutes. Fluff with a fork. Set aside.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over high heat. Cook the red, yellow, and orange bell pepper with onion in the hot oil until softened, about 5 minutes; season with the garlic powder. Add the chicken to the skillet and continue cooking until the chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 5 minutes. Stir the couscous, tomatoes, black beans, and white wine into the mixture; continue cooking and stirring until heated through, 2 to 3 minutes. Top with the cheese to serve.

Submitter: 
Sabrina
Description: 
At 9 weeks pregnant with full-on morning sickness and food aversion, I was craving something with black beans, chicken and tomatoes, but couscous sounded good too. After a search online, nothing popped up so I created this. Turned out pretty good. Enjoy! Next time I'm going to add cream cheese and mix it in. I bet it'll be even better.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
25 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.4
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
35 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
584 calories
15.1
g fat
70
g carbohydrates
36.5
g protein
66
mg cholesterol
935
mg sodium.
