URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/217332/indian-stuffed-eggplant/
Title:
Indian Stuffed Eggplant Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/2351165.jpg
Ingredients:
1 quart vegetable oil for frying
4 small eggplants, halved lengthwise
1/2 cup ghee (clarified butter)
1 large onion, finely chopped
2 cloves garlic, minced
2 teaspoons ground coriander
2 teaspoons vindaloo curry powder (optional)
1 teaspoon chili powder
1 teaspoon salt

Directions:
Scoop the inside out of the eggplant halves, leaving 1/4 inch of flesh attached to the skin. Roughly chop the removed eggplant, and set the shells aside.
Heat the ghee in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir the onion and garlic until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in the coriander, vindaloo powder, chili powder, and salt; continue cooking 2 to 3 minutes until the spices are very fragrant. Stir in the chopped eggplant flesh, and cook until very soft, mashing as you go. Pour in a little water if needed to keep the eggplant from burning. Keep the mashed eggplant hot over low heat.
Heat oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Deep fry the eggplant halves in the hot oil until crisp, about 5 minutes. Drain upside-down on a paper towel-lined plate. Once drained, spoon in the reserved filling, and serve hot.

Submitter: 
Shana McCoy
Description: 
A little tricky and time consuming, this dish is a sure show stopper! Similar to potato boats, only spicy instead of cheesy. This dish is totally vegetarian and can be vegan just be substituting veggie oil for the ghee. If you want it mild, don't add the curry or vindaloo spices. If you want some kick to it, add your favorite curry or vindaloo blend. Fantastic with chicken tikka masala and tabouleh!
Categories:
Side Dish
Vegetables
Eggplant

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
264 calories
24.3
g fat
12.4
g carbohydrates
2.2
g protein
33
mg cholesterol
299
mg sodium.
