URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/217333/chicken-vindaloo/
Title:
Chicken Vindaloo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/707533.jpg
Ingredients:
1 teaspoon ground turmeric
½ teaspoon ground cardamom
½ tablespoon ground cinnamon
½ teaspoon ground coriander
½ teaspoon ground cloves
½ teaspoon ground cumin
½ teaspoon paprika
¼ teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste
1 tablespoon olive oil
2 cups chopped onion
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger root
1 tablespoon tomato paste
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken thighs, cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces
2 large potatoes, cut into 1/2-inch cubes
2 (14.5 ounce) cans diced tomatoes, drained
1 ½ cups chicken broth
2 tablespoons wine vinegar
1  bay leaf
salt and black pepper to taste

Directions:
Toast the turmeric, cardamom, cinnamon, coriander, cloves, cumin, paprika, and cayenne pepper in a Dutch oven or large pot over medium-low heat until the spices are fragrant, about 2 minutes. Stir the spices constantly as they toast, taking care that they do not burn. Stir in the olive oil, onion, garlic, and ginger. Increase heat to medium, and cook until softened, about 5 minutes.
Stir in the  tomato paste until no lumps of paste remain. Add the chicken, potatoes, tomatoes, chicken broth, wine vinegar, and bay leaf. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the potatoes are tender, and the chicken is no longer pink in the center, about 15 minutes. Remove the cover, and cook 5 minutes more to thicken slightly. Season to taste with salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper to serve.

Submitter: 
Keith Dallmer
Description: 
A spicy curry dish is originally a Portuguese dish of spicy pork, but you can add any meat you wish.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
41 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.95
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 5 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
417 calories
11.6
g fat
50.4
g carbohydrates
26.3
g protein
70
mg cholesterol
785
mg sodium.
