URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/217845/aztec-chicken-with-sweet-potato-corn-mash/
Title:
Aztec Chicken with Sweet Potato-Corn Mash Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/4562650.jpg
Ingredients:
canola oil
¼ cup honey
2 tablespoons honey
1 tablespoon ancho chile powder
½ tablespoon garlic powder
2 teaspoons Mexican-style hot sauce (such as Cholula(<sup>&reg;</sup>))
6 (8 ounce) bone-in chicken breast halves
5 ears corn
1 tablespoon canola oil, or as needed
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 large sweet potatoes
¼ cup heavy whipping cream

Directions:
Combine oil, honey, ancho chile powder, garlic, and hot sauce in a bowl; whisk together. Place chicken breasts in a large resealable plastic bag; pour in marinade and close bag. Marinate in refrigerator, 3 hours to overnight.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Place sweet potatoes on a baking sheet. Place corn in a shallow baking pan. Brush with canola oil; season with salt and pepper. Cover pan with aluminum foil.
Bake in the preheated oven until corn is roasted and brown, about 25 minutes. Continue baking until sweet potatoes are tender, about 45 minutes more.
Allow corn and sweet potatoes to cool until easy to handle, about 20 minutes. Cut kernels from ears of corn; transfer half to a blender. Peel and cube sweet potatoes; add to the blender. Add cream; puree. Transfer mash to a bowl; stir in the remaining corn. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and keep warm.
Preheat grill for medium heat and lightly oil the grate.
Remove chicken from bag and place on preheated grill; discard remaining marinade. Cook until no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, about 6 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Cut chicken breasts into 3 equal pieces; serve on top of sweet potato-corn mash.

Submitter: 
Vintage Chef
Description: 
A great taste of central Mexico with a little heat and quite a bit of flavor! Garnish with two halves grilled plantain or banana and cilantro.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
2 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
4 hrs 32 mins
Number of servings: 
3 hrs 20 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
780 calories
37.5
g fat
62.9
g carbohydrates
50.4
g protein
141
mg cholesterol
288
mg sodium.
