URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/217900/chinese-firecrackers/
Title:
Chinese Firecrackers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/777891.jpg
Ingredients:
1 teaspoon vegetable oil
1/2 pound ground turkey
1 cup shredded cabbage
1/2 cup shredded carrots
2 green onions, finely chopped
1 tablespoon chile paste
1 teaspoon cornstarch
1 tablespoon white wine
14 sheets phyllo pastry dough, halved into triangles
4 teaspoons vegetable oil
3/4 cup sweet and sour sauce for dipping

Directions:
Preheat an oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease a baking sheet.
Heat 1 teaspoon vegetable oil in a skillet over medium heat. Cook the turkey in the skillet until no longer pink; add the cabbage, carrots, and green onions and cook together until the vegetables are all slightly tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir the chile paste through the vegetable mixture.
Whisk the cornstarch into the white wine in a small bowl; add to the mixture in the skillet and continue cooking and stirring until the liquid in the skillet is slightly thickened. Remove from heat and set aside to cool.
Place one half sheet of phyllo dough on a flat surface, brush with a small amount of the vegetable oil, and top with a second sheet of phyllo. Place about 2 tablespoons of the turkey mixture on the short end of phyllo; shape mixture into about a four-inch log. Roll phyllo and turkey mixture. Twist the log about 1 inch from each end to make a firecracker shape; place on greased cookie sheet. Repeat with remaining phyllo and mixture until all are used. Lightly brush the firecrackers with vegetable oil.
Bake in the preheated oven until the phyllo dough is crisp and golden brown, 18 to 22 minutes. Serve with the sweet and sour sauce.

Submitter: 
Becky
Description: 
These appetizers are an explosion of flavor with turkey, crisp veggies, and the zing of chili paste.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Wraps and Rolls

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
14
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
120 calories
4.5
g fat
15.2
g carbohydrates
4.8
g protein
12
mg cholesterol
164
mg sodium.
