URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/217978/edens-nectar-bourbon-chicken/
Title:
Eden's Nectar Bourbon Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/4132104.jpg
Ingredients:
1  fresh peach - peeled, pitted and diced
1  mango - peeled, seeded and diced
2 cloves garlic
1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary
½ teaspoon chopped fresh thyme
1 tablespoon brown sugar
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
2 tablespoons good quality bourbon whiskey (such as Maker's Mark(<sup>&reg;</sup>))
1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil
1 ½ teaspoons white wine vinegar
4  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
1  untreated cedar plank, soaked in water for 2 hours

Directions:
Place the peach, mango, garlic, rosemary, thyme, brown sugar, pepper, whiskey, olive oil, and white wine vinegar into a blender. Cover, and puree until smooth.
Pour 2/3 of the marinade into a resealable plastic bag. Add the chicken, coat with the marinade, squeeze out excess air, and seal the bag. Marinate in the refrigerator for 5 hours. Reserve the remaining marinade in a sealed container in the refrigerator.
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat, and lightly oil the grate. Place the plank on the grill and lightly brush the plank with olive oil.
Remove the chicken from the marinade, and shake off excess. Discard the remaining marinade. When the plank has started smoking place the chicken on the plank. Cook the chicken breasts until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 10 minutes per sided. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Brush the chicken with the reserved marinade.

Submitter: 
Chef Eden
Description: 
An aromatic and savory mango and peach grilled chicken dish bolstered with bourbon. This recipe is not a quick fix for dinner. I usually prepare my marinade around noon so that dinner is ready right around 6 pm. There are a lot of variables with grilling, ensure you have the proper amount of coals and it is the proper temp or you will mess this dish up.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
8 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.25
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
5 hrs 45 mins
Number of servings: 
5 hrs
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
236 calories
6.4
g fat
14.6
g carbohydrates
25
g protein
67
mg cholesterol
62
mg sodium.
