URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/217912/spences-pesto-chicken-pasta/
Title:
Spence's Pesto Chicken Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/642143.jpg
Ingredients:
½ pound linguine pasta
1 (8 ounce) skinless, boneless chicken breast, cut into small pieces
salt and ground black pepper to taste
3 tablespoons olive oil
6  whole garlic cloves
4 ounces fresh mushrooms, halved
6 ounces roasted red peppers, drained and chopped
1 (7.5 ounce) jar marinated artichoke hearts, drained and quartered
3 ounces fresh spinach leaves
¼ cup prepared basil pesto, or to taste
1 tablespoon freshly grated Parmesan cheese, divided (optional)

Directions:
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat. Once the water is boiling, stir in the linguine, and return to a boil. Cook the pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the pasta has cooked through, but is still firm to the bite, about 11 minutes. Drain well in a colander set in the sink.
While the pasta is boiling, sprinkle the chicken with salt and black pepper. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat, and cook the chicken pieces until lightly browned, about 10 minutes, stirring frequently. Stir in the garlic cloves, mushrooms, roasted red peppers, and artichoke hearts; reduce heat to a simmer, and cook until the mushrooms begin to give off their juices, 5 to 8 minutes. Stir in the spinach, and simmer just until the leaves are wilted, about 2 minutes.
Transfer the cooked linguine into a bowl, and toss with the basil pesto. Divide the pasta between 2 plates, and serve topped with the chicken mixture. Sprinkle Parmesan cheese over each plate to serve.

Submitter: 
ChezCristy
Description: 
This is a great recipe that my boyfriend put together on a Sunday evening after a bike ride. You can't go wrong with all of the flavors in this dish!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
136 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.44
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
45 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
512 calories
23.3
g fat
53.5
g carbohydrates
26.1
g protein
35
mg cholesterol
540
mg sodium.
