URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/217919/strawberry-chicken/
Title:
Strawberry Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F1010946.jpg
Ingredients:
3  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
2 tablespoons white wine
1 tablespoon crushed dried rosemary
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
½ cup chopped fresh strawberries
½ cup strawberry yogurt
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
¼ teaspoon ground nutmeg
1 tablespoon lemon juice
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Place the chicken breasts into a shallow bowl, and drizzle with white wine; sprinkle with rosemary. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour.
Heat the vegetable oil in a skillet over medium-high heat, and remove the chicken from the marinade, shaking off excess marinade. Retain the marinade. Place the chicken breasts into the hot oil, and brown on both sides, about 5 minutes per side. Set the chicken breasts aside.
Place the strawberries and strawberry yogurt in a blender, and pulse several times to puree. Pour the strawberry mixture into the skillet and stir in the marinade, cinnamon, nutmeg, and lemon juice. Bring to a boil, scraping up and dissolving any brown flavor bits from the bottom of the skillet. Lay the chicken breasts into the strawberry sauce, cover, and simmer over medium-low heat until the chicken is no longer pink inside, about 20 minutes. An instant-read thermometer, inserted into the thickest part of a breast, should read 160 degrees F (70 degrees C). Stir occasionally while simmering.

Submitter: 
Shortney87
Description: 
Inspired by a blackberry chicken recipe and at the request of my roommate, this was an experiment that turned out FANTASTIC! Great if paired with a glass of Riesling or your other favorite white wine!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
9 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.22
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 45 mins
Number of servings: 
1 hr
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
224 calories
7.6
g fat
11.7
g carbohydrates
24.8
g protein
65
mg cholesterol
73
mg sodium.
