URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/218001/strawberry-shortcake-updated/
Title:
Strawberry Shortcake Updated   Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/875892.jpg
Ingredients:
cooking spray
1 1/2 cups graham cracker crumbs
4 eggs at room temperature, separated
1/2 cup honey
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
3 green cardamom pods, crushed
1 whole clove, crushed
1 tablespoon white sugar
1/2 cup red Zinfandel wine
2 tablespoons lemon juice
1 pound fresh strawberries, quartered
1 cup cold heavy cream

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Generously spray a 9-inch springform pan with cooking spray, and line pan with parchment paper.
In a large mixing bowl, beat the egg yolks, honey, vanilla extract, baking soda, and salt together until thoroughly mixed; gently stir in the graham cracker crumbs. In a separate glass or metal bowl, beat the egg whites with an electric mixer until they form stiff peaks. Gently fold the whipped egg whites into the crumb mixture until just combined; do not overmix. Spread the batter into the prepared springform pan.
Bake in the preheated oven until the cake is golden brown, about 30 minutes. Allow to cool in pan for 10 minutes before running a knife around the edge of the cake to loosen sides. Release the springform pan, and gently remove cake from the bottom; cool completely on a wire rack.
In a saucepan, combine cardamom pods, clove, sugar, and Zinfandel wine over medium heat, and bring to a boil; reduce heat to a simmer, and cook until thickened, about 3 minutes; mix in the lemon juice. Place strawberries into a bowl, and pour the hot Zinfandel syrup over the berries; chill  2 to 3 hours to blend flavors.
Freeze a metal mixing bowl and beaters from an electric mixer until ice cold, about 15 minutes. Pour the cold cream into the mixing bowl, and place the cold beaters into the mixer. Beat the cream with the electric mixer set on High just until the cream forms stiff peaks, about 1 minute. Discard the cardamom pods and clove from the strawberries, and top the cake with the strawberries and syrup. Serve with whipped cream.

Submitter: 
the Guiltless Gourmet
Description: 
This is a sophisticated strawberry shortcake. The cake is made with graham cracker crumbs. The strawberries are marinated in a Zinfandel syrup spiced with cardamom and cloves. It is a wonderful ending to any elegant dinner!
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Strawberry Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
247 calories
12.2
g fat
30
g carbohydrates
4.3
g protein
107
mg cholesterol
295
mg sodium.
