URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/218141/cajun-chicken-pot-pie/
Title:
Cajun Chicken Pot Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/657370.jpg
Ingredients:
1  deep dish pastry for double crust
2 tablespoons olive oil
3  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, cut into bite size pieces
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 (8 ounce) package portobello mushrooms, chopped
1 (10.75 ounce) can reduced-fat, reduced-sodium condensed cream of chicken soup, undiluted
1 (10.75 ounce) can reduced-fat, reduced-sodium cream of mushroom soup, undiluted
½ cup chicken broth, or more as needed
1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened
½ (14.5 ounce) can chopped tomatoes, drained
3 cups frozen mixed vegetables, thawed
¼ teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes (optional)

Directions:
Preheat an oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Spray a deep dish pie pan with cooking spray. Arrange one pie crust on the bottom of the pan.
Heat the olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Stir in the the chicken breast and season with salt and pepper. Cook and stir until the chicken is no longer pink in the center, about 7 minutes. Add the portobello mushrooms; cook and stir until the mushrooms are tender. Stir in the cream of chicken and cream of mushroom soups, chicken broth, cream cheese, and tomatoes. Stir in more chicken broth if the mixture becomes too thick. Stir in the mixed vegetables and red pepper flakes.
Pour chicken mixture into the prepared pan, reserving any leftover filling. Place the top crust on top, crimping the edges of the crusts to seal. Poke 4 to 5 holes in the top crust. Cover loosely with aluminum foil.
Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, about 45 minutes. Serve with the leftover chicken mixture.

Submitter: 
Cajun Girl
Description: 
A delicious creamy chicken pot pie with a little bit of kick.  Just add a salad, some bread and you have a wonderful, easy, fast satisfying comfort meal! This can also be made ahead of time.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
16 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.69
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 15 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
655 calories
40.4
g fat
49.8
g carbohydrates
23.5
g protein
79
mg cholesterol
996
mg sodium.
