URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/218294/apple-pizza-tart/
Title:
Apple Pizza Tart Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 cups all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
7/8 cup cold butter
1/3 cup ice water
1/4 cup white sugar, divided
3 cups apples - peeled, cored, and cut into 1/4-inch slices
1 cup apricot jam

Directions:
Whisk together the flour and salt in a mixing bowl. Cut in the cold butter with a knife or pastry blender until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. (This can also be done in a food processor: pulse the cold butter or shortening until it's the size of small peas. Turn mixture into a bowl and proceed.) Add the ice water a tablespoon at a time, tossing with a fork, until the flour mixture is moistened. Do not add more water than you need: when you squeeze a handful of the moistened pastry mixture, it should form a ball. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or overnight.
Lightly butter 2 pizza pans. Separate 1/3 of the dough; roll into a 6-inch circle on a floured surface. Roll the remaining 2/3 of dough into a 12-inch circle. Place the dough on the prepared pans. Refrigerate for 1 hour.
Preheat an oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Sprinkle half of the sugar on the dough. Arrange the apple slices in concentric circles over the dough, then sprinkle with the remaining sugar.
Bake in the preheated oven until the crust is golden brown, about 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, place the apricot jam in a blender, and blend until smooth. Pour the jam into a microwave-safe bowl, and heat on high until the jam is warm, about 1 minute. Brush the warm glaze over the apples before serving.

Submitter: 
William Gerrells
Description: 
Apple slices are arranged in concentric rings on buttery crust, baked, and glazed with hot, blended apricot preserves.  Makes one 12-inch plus one 6-inch pizza.
Categories:
Desserts
Pies
Tarts
Fruit Tarts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
280 calories
13.5
g fat
40.5
g carbohydrates
2.4
g protein
36
mg cholesterol
300
mg sodium.
