URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/218258/stuffed-chilies-with-cactus/
Title:
Stuffed Chilies with Cactus Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
12 poblano peppers
1/4 cup vegetable oil
1 onion, chopped
1 cup ground veal
1 cup ground pork
1/2 cup chopped toasted almonds
1/2 cup toasted pine nuts
2 cups chopped flat cactus leaves (nopales)
3/4 cup raisins
1 bunch cilantro, chopped
salt to taste
1 1/2 cups chopped walnuts
2 cups half-and-half cream
3/4 cup chopped fresh parsley

Directions:
Preheat the oven's broiler and set the oven rack at about 6 inches from the heat source. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil, and place the peppers on top.
Cook the peppers under the preheated broiler until the skin has blistered and mostly blackened, turning every few minutes to ensure even cooking. Remove the peppers to a bowl, and cover with plastic wrap. Let stand, cooling for 20 minutes. Once cool, peel off the blackened skin, slit down the side, and remove the seeds.
Preheat an oven to 200 degrees F (95 degrees C).
Heat the vegetable oil in a large pot over medium-high heat. Stir in the onion, and cook until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the veal and pork; cook and stir until the meat is crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in the almonds, pine nuts, cactus, raisins, and cilantro. Cook and stir until the meat has browned, is crumbly, and no longer pink. Season to taste with salt.
Stuff the roasted chiles with the meat mixture, and place into an ovenproof dish. Cover loosely with aluminum foil, and place in the oven to keep warm. Make the sauce by placing the walnuts into the blender, and pulsing to chop. Set the blender on Low, and slowly pour in the half-and-half to form a smooth sauce. Add the parsley, and blend to combine. Pour sauce over chiles to serve.

Submitter: 
Kathie
Description: 
This is an earthy, slightly spicy dish that I discovered in a little restaurant off the beaten path while exploring in Cancun. It was so delicious and I wanted to be able to make it at home, so I searched the web and started experimenting, testing and tasting, and finally came up with the following. I hope you like it too.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Pork
Ground

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
727 calories
54
g fat
39.5
g carbohydrates
30.4
g protein
89
mg cholesterol
125
mg sodium.
