URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/218229/sarah-roses-dads-made-up-kind-of-a-salad-sort-of-thing-/
Title:
Sarah Rose's Dad's Made-Up Kind of a Salad Sort of Thing  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/661329.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 pound thin spaghetti, broken into 1 1/2-inch lengths
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 cloves garlic, minced, divided
1 tablespoon dried basil, divided
1/4 cup olive oil, divided
2 pints grape tomatoes, diced
1/2 red onion, diced
1 (6 ounce) can small pitted black olives, halved lengthwise
1 (12 ounce) package sliced fresh mushrooms
6 romaine lettuce leaves, torn into bite size pieces

Directions:
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat. Once the water is boiling, stir in the broken spaghetti, and return to a boil. Cook the pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the pasta has cooked through, but is still firm to the bite, about 10 minutes. Drain well in a colander set in the sink. Transfer to a salad bowl while still hot, and season to taste with salt, black pepper, half the minced garlic, half the basil, and 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Refrigerate to chill, about 30 minutes.
In another bowl, mix the remaining minced garlic, basil, 2 more tablespoons of olive oil, grape tomatoes, red onion, black olives, and sliced mushrooms. Lightly toss the chilled spaghetti mixture into the grape tomato mixture, and season with salt and black pepper if needed. For best flavor, allow the pasta mixture to chill overnight to blend the flavors.
Just before serving, toss with the torn romaine lettuce.

Submitter: 
Sarah Rose
Description: 
A lovely and fresh pasta salad my dad threw together one night that became a favorite. It's also very flexible. As Dad says, 'If you want to put something else in, go ahead, ain't no big deal. As long as no one starts poking it with a fork and mumbling,'had a failed science experiment look like this once, only it smelled better,' you're doin' just fine.'
Categories:
Salad
Pasta Salad
Tomato Pasta Salad

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.85714292526245
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
9 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
294 calories
13.2
g fat
38.2
g carbohydrates
8.2
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
263
mg sodium.
