URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/218260/grilled-chicken-kabobs-over-lemon-scented-wacky-mac/
Title:
Grilled Chicken Kabobs over Lemon-Scented Wacky Mac® Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/988670.jpg
Ingredients:
Grilled Chicken Kabobs:
1 1/2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, cut into chunks*
12 baby bella mushrooms (brown mushrooms, about the size of quarters)
6 tablespoons reduced-fat Italian salad dressing, divided
Lemon-Scented Wacky Mac:
1 (12 ounce) package Wacky Mac®
2 teaspoons olive oil
2 large garlic cloves, minced
2 teaspoons lemon zest (outer yellow part only)
4 teaspoons lemon juice
1 cup frozen green peas, thawed
1 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth
1/2 cup finely chopped scallions (green parts only)
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon pepper
1 cup yellow and red cherry and/or grape tomatoes, halved

Directions:
To make chicken kabobs, place chicken chunks in large glass bowl. Halve mushrooms lengthwise and combine with chicken. Add 5 tablespoons salad dressing. Stir gently but well. Cover and refrigerate 1 to 2 hours, stirring once or twice.
Thread 8 skewers, alternating 3 chicken chunks and 2 mushroom halves (If using wooden skewers soak in cold water for 30 minutes before using). Place kabobs on heated grill. Grill for 5 minutes or until bottom side of chicken is golden brown. Brush kabobs with remaining 1 tablespoon salad dressing. Turn over and grill for 3 to 5 minutes or until chicken is well browned and cooked through. Cooking time will vary. To test, cut into a chicken chunk to make sure it's not raw in the center.
To make Lemon-Scented Wacky Mac, prepare Wacky Mac according to directions. Meanwhile, heat oil in small skillet. Add garlic and cook over medium heat for 3 to 5 minutes or until garlic is tender, but not browned.
Drain Wacky Mac and return to pot it was cooked in. Stir in garlic and any remaining oil. Add lemon rind, lemon juice and peas. Add broth. Simmer for 5 minutes to heat through. Stir in scallions, salt and pepper. Add tomatoes and toss gently to mix in.

Submitter: 
Wacky Mac®
Description: 
The perfect paring of grilled chicken kabobs and lemon infused Wacky Mac to create this refreshing dish garnished with pepper and scallions.
Categories:
Pasta and Noodles
Pasta by Shape

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
294 calories
4.4
g fat
37.2
g carbohydrates
26.6
g protein
49
mg cholesterol
507
mg sodium.
