URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/218490/low-carb-flavored-meringue-cookies/
Title:
Low Carb Flavored Meringue Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/953468.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 teaspoons sugar-free strawberry Jell-O® mix
1 cup granulated no-calorie sugar substitute (such as Splenda®)
6 egg whites at room temperature
1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar
1/4 teaspoon salt

Directions:
Preheat oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C). Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.
Cut about 1/4 inch off a corner of a heavy gallon-size resealable plastic bag, and push a large-size cake decorating tip (such as a star tip) into the opening. The fit should be tight.
In a small bowl, stir the gelatin mix with the sugar substitute. In a large bowl, using an electric mixer, beat the egg whites with cream of tartar and salt until stiff peaks form. As you beat the egg whites, gradually add the gelatin mixture, about 1 tablespoon at a time. Spoon the fluffy mixture into the prepared plastic bag, and gently squeeze and twist the bag to force the meringue mixture to the decorating tip. (Do not seal bag, so that air can escape.)
Squeeze the bag to place golf-ball size dollops of meringue mixture onto the prepared baking sheets. For a decorative effect, twist and lift as you place the cookie on the sheet, to make a pretty shape.
Bake in the preheated oven until the cookies are set and dry, about 1 hour and 30 minutes. Do not open oven door while baking. At end of baking time, turn off oven, open oven door, and allow the cookies to slowly cool in the oven before removing from baking sheets. Store in airtight container.

Submitter: 
Alisa Preslar Kennedy
Description: 
A very light and airy low carb treat that satisfies any sweet tooth.  You are able to change the flavor to suit your taste. The secret is sugar-free gelatin!  This is an easy recipe and they bake up beautiful every time.  My son enjoys strawberry. He says they taste like cotton candy!
Categories:
Desserts
Cookies
Meringue Cookies

Number of ratings:
33 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.42424249649048
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
2 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
5 calories
0
g fat
0.1
g carbohydrates
1
g protein
< 1
mg cholesterol
41
mg sodium.
