URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/218434/bc-cherry-jam/
Title:
BC Cherry Jam Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/669586.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cups pitted, chopped fresh cherries
1/2 cup unsweetened apple juice
2 teaspoons lemon juice
2 (2 ounce) packages powdered fruit pectin
3 cups white sugar
4 half pint canning jars with lids and rings

Directions:
Place cherries, apple juice, lemon juice, and pectin into a large saucepan over medium heat; bring to a boil, and mix in the sugar. Cook the jam at a rolling boil for 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Remove from heat and skim off any foam.
Sterilize the jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Pack the cherry jam into the hot, sterilized jars, filling the jars to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a knife or a thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids, and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil over high heat, then carefully lower the jars into the pot using a holder. Leave a 2 inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary until the water level is at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a full boil, cover the pot, and process for 15 minutes, or the time as recommended by your county Extension agent.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Once cool, press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
Pepper
Description: 
When fresh cherries are in season, we preserve them to enjoy all year. This jam is sweet and can be also made as a light version with sugar-free pectin and Splenda®.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Jams and Jellies

Number of ratings:
40 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.47499990463257
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
40
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
67 calories
0.1
g fat
17.2
g carbohydrates
0.1
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
< 1
mg sodium.
