URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/218477/pineapple-shish-kebobs/
Title:
Pineapple Shish Kebobs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/806575.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (8 ounce) can pineapple chunks in juice, undrained
1 (12 ounce) bottle Italian-style salad dressing
10 ounces skinless, boneless chicken breast, cut into bite-size pieces
10 large shrimp, peeled and deveined
1 green bell pepper, cut into bite-size pieces
1 red bell pepper, cut into bite-size pieces
1 sweet onion, cut into bite-size pieces
10 ounces fresh mushrooms, halved
1 clove garlic, minced
1 package bamboo skewers, soaked in water for 60 minutes

Directions:
Gently stir the pineapple chunks in juice, Italian-style salad dressing, chicken, shrimp, green bell pepper, red bell pepper, sweet onion, mushrooms, and garlic together in a large bowl. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap; allow to marinate in refrigerator for 8 hours or overnight.
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium heat, and lightly oil the grate.
Drain the mixture in a colander over a bowl to catch the liquid; shake to remove excess liquid. Alternately thread the chicken, red bell pepper, onion, green bell pepper, onion, pineapple, mushroom, and shrimp onto a skewer until each skewer is full; repeat until all ingredients are used.
Pour the strained marinade into a small saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer for 10 minutes; set aside.
Cook the skewers on the preheated grill, turning frequently, until the chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 15 minutes. Baste skewers generously with the reserved marinade as they cook.

Submitter: 
sammy
Description: 
Yummy summertime BBQ. You can use any meat to your liking. The pineapple makes it sweet and tender. Add your favorite rice dish to complete this meal, or add a salad and garlic bread. Enjoy!
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Chicken
Chicken Breasts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
8 h 55 m
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
365 calories
22.1
g fat
21.8
g carbohydrates
21.6
g protein
96
mg cholesterol
1274
mg sodium.
