URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/218584/chipotle-cream-chicken/
Title:
Chipotle Cream Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F3656886.jpg
Ingredients:
¼ cup all-purpose flour
½ teaspoon garlic powder
½ teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon ground black pepper
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - cut into bite-size pieces
1 tablespoon olive oil
½ cup diced onion
½ cup chopped green bell pepper
1 tablespoon butter
¾ cup low-sodium chicken broth
2  chipotle peppers in adobo sauce
½ cup sour cream
¼ cup chopped cilantro (optional)

Directions:
Place the flour, garlic powder, salt, and black pepper into a large plastic bag. Close the bag and shake a few times to mix the seasonings, and drop in the chicken pieces, a few at a time. Shake the bag to coat the chicken with seasoned flour.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat, and cook and stir the onion and green pepper in the oil until the onion is translucent, about 6 minutes. Stir in butter, and allow to melt. Add the seasoned chicken to the skillet, and cook and stir until the chicken pieces are browned on all sides, about 10 minutes.
Increase heat to medium-high, and pour in chicken broth; stir in the chipotle peppers with adobo sauce. Bring to a boil, and reduce the chicken broth by half, stirring often, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat, stir in the sour cream to make a smooth sauce, and sprinkle with cilantro to serve.

Submitter: 
KNBUCHANAN
Description: 
My picky boyfriend always eats seconds of this. It's like enchiladas without the tortillas. Serve over rice -- we like to serve with yellow rice or Mexican rice.  You will want something to soak up all the delicious sauce.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
87 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.4
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
50 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
291 calories
14
g fat
11
g carbohydrates
29.1
g protein
87
mg cholesterol
456
mg sodium.
