URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/21858/three-cheese-stuffed-french-toast/
Title:
Three Cheese-Stuffed French Toast Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F1008540.jpg
Ingredients:
8 (2 inch thick) slices French bread
¾ cup shredded mozzarella cheese
4 ounces cream cheese, softened
1 tablespoon ricotta cheese
3 tablespoons apricot jam
2  eggs, lightly beaten
½ cup milk
1 cup cornflakes cereal crumbs
2 tablespoons butter
¼ cup butter
2 tablespoons white sugar
2 teaspoons ground ginger
2 cups sliced fresh peaches
¼ cup confectioners' sugar for dusting
4 tablespoons apricot-flavored syrup, or to taste

Directions:
The night before: Split each bread slice four fifths of the way through. Spread the two sides apart so that they look like butterfly wings. Use a fork hollow out a shallow pocket on the inside of each slice. Discard the crumbs; set bread aside.
In a medium bowl, mix together the mozzarella, cream cheese and ricotta cheese. Stir in the apricot jam. Spoon 2 tablespoons of cheese mixture into each bread slice. Place slices in a 9x13-inch baking dish. Cover and chill, 8 hours or overnight.
The next morning: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Beat together eggs and milk. Dip bread slices into egg mixture and dredge in cornflakes crumbs. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat; cook bread 2 minutes on each side or until golden. Place in a lightly greased 9x13-inch baking dish.
Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes.
In a medium frying pan or skillet, heat 1/4 cup butter, 2 tablespoons sugar, and ginger over medium heat. Add peaches and cook for 3 minutes.
Arrange French toast slices on individual plates. Top each serving evenly with peach slices, sprinkle with powdered sugar. Serve with apricot syrup.

Submitter: 
Renee
Description: 
This recipe is for those who enjoy baking and spending some time in the kitchen creating wonderful palate pleasing delights for those whose company we enjoy! So go on and give it a try, make someone's day by giving them brunch in bed!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
6 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.83
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
9 hrs
Number of servings: 
8 hrs
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
436 calories
18.1
g fat
56.2
g carbohydrates
13.4
g protein
94
mg cholesterol
616
mg sodium.
