URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/218501/asian-inspired-mustard-greens/
Title:
Asian-Inspired Mustard Greens Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6294047.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon sesame seeds (optional)
1 teaspoon Asian (toasted) sesame oil
6 cups washed and chopped mustard greens
1/4 cup water
1 teaspoon minced garlic, or to taste
1 tablespoon soy sauce
2 teaspoons Japanese rice wine (mirin) vinegar
1 teaspoon sake (optional)
1 teaspoon white sugar

Directions:
Place the sesame seeds into a large skillet over medium heat, and cook and stir constantly until the seeds are toasted a golden brown and make a continuous crackling noise, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer the seeds immediately to a bowl to stop the cooking process. Set seeds aside.
Place sesame oil in the hot skillet, and heat until it just begins to smoke (this should happen very fast). Place mustard greens into the hot oil, and pour in water. With a spatula, gently toss the greens until they are wilted and reduced in quantity, about 2 minutes. Mix in garlic, soy sauce, rice wine vinegar, sake, and sugar.
Bring the mixture to a boil, stir until sugar has dissolved, and cover the skillet. Reduce heat to a simmer, and cook until the greens are tender, 10 to 15 minutes. If a thicker sauce is desired, remove greens with a slotted spoon, and cook the liquid down to desired thickness; return greens to the skillet, toss in the pan juices, and sprinkle with toasted sesame seeds.

Submitter: 
trepto
Description: 
I don't know what it is about this combination of flavors, but I could eat these every day. Even though it contains the right ingredients in the right proportions for a teriyaki sauce, which is what I was aiming for originally, to describe the flavor as such would be inaccurate. I'm usually perfectly happy with this and a bowl of rice as a meal in itself, but when I'm forced to share, it pairs well with roasted chicken or just about any kind of pork.
Categories:
Side Dish
Vegetables
Greens

Number of ratings:
32 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.21875
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
54 calories
2.5
g fat
6.3
g carbohydrates
3
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
247
mg sodium.
