URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/218652/campfire-chocolate-bread-pudding/
Title:
Campfire Chocolate Bread Pudding Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
16 ounces soft bread crumbs
1 cup nonfat dry milk powder
1 cup granulated sugar substitute (such as Splenda®)
1 cup chopped pecans
1 cup semi-sweet chocolate chips
1/2 teaspoon salt
4 eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
4 cups water, or as needed

Directions:
Build a campfire and allow the fire to burn until it has accumulated a bed of coals. Rake the coals into a flat bed on one side of the fire. Tear off a large sheet of foil or parchment paper, and line the Dutch oven, folding the paper or foil as needed to make it fit (or use a purchased Dutch oven liner).
In a bowl, lightly toss the bread crumbs, dry milk powder, sugar substitute, pecans, chocolate chips, and salt until thoroughly combined. In a separate bowl, beat the eggs with vanilla extract and oil, and whisk in the water. Pour the liquid ingredients into the crumb mixture, and stir to moisten. Pour the pudding mixture into the prepared Dutch oven, and cover the oven.
Place the oven into the hot coals, and place more glowing coals onto the lid of the oven. Cook covered for 1 hour, and don't peek until the hour is up. Check for firmness by inserting a toothpick into the center of the pudding. If it comes out clean, the pudding is done. If not, recover the oven, and cook for an additional 10 to 15 minutes.

Submitter: 
Bill Bonner
Description: 
This is a modification of an old-time favorite recipe by my mother, Aldine Bonner, from the late 1930's, to take with you camping.  A 6-quart Dutch oven is perfect for convenient baking in the coals or with charcoal briquettes. Serves 8 to 10 persons. Good with a fresh pot of coffee or whipped cream if you have it.
Categories:
Desserts
Specialty Desserts
Bread Pudding

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
374 calories
19.2
g fat
41.5
g carbohydrates
12
g protein
77
mg cholesterol
522
mg sodium.
