URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/218770/pan-fried-tilapia-with-tomatillo-red-pepper-sauce/
Title:
Pan-Fried Tilapia with Tomatillo Red Pepper Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
cooking spray
1 large red bell pepper, seeds removed and pepper quartered lengthwise
2 teaspoons canola oil
1 cup husked, cored and chopped tomatillos
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 clove garlic, minced
1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley, or to taste
2 tablespoons rice vinegar
1 teaspoon honey
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons chili powder
1 teaspoon dried oregano
4 tilapia fillets
2 teaspoons canola oil
1 lemon, halved and seeds removed
1 sprig fresh cilantro, chopped (optional)

Directions:
Preheat the oven's broiler and set the oven rack at about 6 inches from the heat source. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil, and spray with cooking spray. Place the pepper pieces cut sides down onto the prepared baking sheet. Cook under the preheated broiler until the skin of the pepper has blackened and blistered, 5 to 10  minutes. Place the blackened pepper pieces into a bowl, and tightly seal with plastic wrap. Allow the pepper to steam as it cools, about 20 minutes. Once cool, remove and discard the skins.
Heat 2 teaspoons of canola oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat, and cook and stir the tomatillos until softened, about 8 minutes. Sprinkle with salt and black pepper, and mix in the garlic. Cook and stir until the garlic is softened, about 1 minute. Place the hot tomatillos into a blender, and add the roasted red pepper, parsley, rice vinegar, and honey. Blend the sauce until smooth, and set aside.
In a shallow bowl, mix together the flour, chili powder, and dried oregano. Sprinkle the fish fillets with salt and black pepper, and dredge in the flour mixture until coated.
Heat 2 teaspoons of canola oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Cook the fish until browned, 2 to 3 minutes; carefully flip the fish over and cook on the other side until the meat is opaque and slightly flaky and the fish has browned, about 4 minutes.
Transfer fish to a serving platter. Squeeze the lemon halves over the fish, and serve with sauce. If sauce has cooled, pour into a microwave-safe bowl, and cook in microwave on medium setting until hot, about 2 minutes.

Submitter: 
Sarah
Description: 
This recipe is a fantastic way to make use of tomatillos in a simple way. As a sauce, it is perfect for the light and versatile tilapia. You'll love it and want to make more!
Categories:
World Cuisine
Latin American
Mexican

Number of ratings:
7 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.2857141494751
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
213 calories
7.2
g fat
12.4
g carbohydrates
24.7
g protein
41
mg cholesterol
68
mg sodium.
