URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/218927/mccormick-spiced-holiday-sugar-cookies/
Title:
McCormick® Spiced Holiday Sugar Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/993358.jpg
Ingredients:
2 1/3 cups flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon McCormick® Ground Cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon McCormick® Ground Nutmeg
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 1/4 cups granulated sugar
1 cup butter, softened
1 egg
2 teaspoons McCormick® Pure Vanilla Extract
Colorful Cookie Icing:
1 cup confectioners' sugar
3 teaspoons milk, or more as needed
1/2 teaspoon McCormick® Pure Vanilla Extract
3 drops McCormick® Assorted Food Colors and Egg Dye, or more if desired

Directions:
Mix flour, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt in medium bowl. Set aside. Beat granulated sugar and butter in large bowl with electric mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy. Add egg and vanilla; mix well. Gradually beat in flour mixture on low speed until well mixed. Refrigerate dough 2 hours or overnight until firm.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Roll out dough on lightly floured surface* to 1/8-inch thickness. Cut into shapes with favorite cookie cutters. Place on greased baking sheets.
Bake 8 to 10 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool on baking sheets 1 minute. Remove to wire racks; cool completely.
For the Icing, mix all ingredients except food colors. (Stir in additional milk as needed to thin icing or more confectioners' sugar to thicken, if needed.) Place small amount of icing into small shallow bowls, using one bowl for each color desired. Stir drops of food color into icing until desired shade is reached.
To ice cookies, hold cookie by its edge and dip top of cookie into icing. (Or spoon the icing onto cookie using a teaspoon.) Place iced cookies on wire rack set over foil-covered baking sheet to dry. (The foil-covered baking sheet will catch drips.) Add decorative details to cookies as follows: Spoon tinted icing into resealable plastic bag. Snip off a tiny piece of the corner. Squeeze icing through hole in plastic bag to decorate cookies. If desired, colored sugar may be sprinkled onto freshly iced cookies.

Submitter: 
McCormick®
Description: 
A twist on traditional sugar cookies, this recipe offers a pinch of cinnamon and nutmeg for holiday inspired flavor that kids and adults alike will enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
13 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.30769228935242
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
2 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
177 calories
8
g fat
24.9
g carbohydrates
1.6
g protein
28
mg cholesterol
135
mg sodium.
