URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/218925/lindys-bacon-and-onion-cheese-spread/
Title:
Lindy's Bacon and Onion Cheese Spread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/937801.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 pound bacon
2 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese, softened
1/2 cup mayonnaise
1/2 cup freshly shredded Parmesan cheese
1/2 bunch green onions, finely chopped

Directions:
Cook the bacon in a large, deep skillet over medium-high heat, until evenly browned and crispy, about 10 minutes; drain on a paper towel-lined plate. Crumble once cool to the touch.
Beat the cream cheese and mayonnaise together in a bowl until light and fluffy. Add the Parmesan cheese, most of the crumbled bacon, and most of the green onion into the cream cheese mixture, reserving just enough bacon and green onion for garnish; stir until all ingredients are evenly incorporated. Chill in refrigerator until slightly firm, 1 to 2 hours; shape the mixture into a ball and roll in the reserved bacon and green onions. Return to refrigerator until set, 8 hours or overnight.

Submitter: 
Lindy Lessard
Description: 
This is a wonderful bacon and onion cheese spread (not dip) that is great for parties and year-round use. For Christmas, I shape this into a tree shape, on a flat tray. I sprinkle the trunk of the tree with crisp bacon and the tree itself with finely chopped green onion tops or chives. I have also shaped it into a cross for my children's confirmation parties, a Christmas stocking, and even a heart for a special Valentine's Day party. If you substitute creamy salad dressing for the mayonnaise it will not be the same. My mom tried that and it didn't turn out well. This is best made the day before and chilled. My family and friends all love this; it's one of those dishes that I have to make for every holiday and get-together.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Pork
Bacon
Appetizers

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.7857141494751
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
9 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
56
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
53 calories
5.1
g fat
0.5
g carbohydrates
1.4
g protein
12
mg cholesterol
78
mg sodium.
