URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/219043/cheesy-broccoli-chicken-casserole/
Title:
Cheesy Broccoli Chicken Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/1556350.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
3  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 teaspoon salt-free seasoning blend
2 large heads broccoli, cut into small florets
½  sweet onion, chopped
3 ½ cups water
2 tablespoons margarine (optional)
2 (5.4 ounce) packages herb and butter-flavored rice side dish (such as Knorr(<sup>&reg;</sup>) Herb & Butter <sup>&reg;</sup>ice Sides)
1 (10.75 ounce) can condensed cream of chicken soup
1 cup mayonnaise
2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese
1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley
2 teaspoons salt-free seasoning blend
2 teaspoons garlic powder
¼ teaspoon curry powder
1 tablespoon lemon juice
2 teaspoons Dijon mustard
½ cup shredded Cheddar cheese

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 2-quart casserole dish.
Heat vegetable oil in a skillet over medium heat. Sprinkle the chicken breasts with salt, black pepper, and 1 teaspoon of salt-free seasoning, and pan-fry in the hot oil until lightly browned on both sides, about 10 minutes per side. Cut the chicken breasts into bite-size pieces, and set aside.
Place a steamer insert into a saucepan, and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer. Cover, and bring the water to a boil. Place the broccoli florets and sweet onion into the steamer basket, cover pan, and steam until broccoli turns bright green and is barely tender, about 3 minutes.
In a large saucepan, bring 3 1/2 cups of water to a boil, and stir in the margarine until it melts. Pour in the contents of the two packages of rice side dish, and reduce heat to a simmer. Cover and cook until rice is tender, 7 to 10 minutes; turn off heat, and allow to stand covered for 2 minutes.
Transfer cooked rice into a large mixing bowl, and stir in the chicken, broccoli, and onion. Mix in the cream of chicken soup, mayonnaise, 2 cups of Cheddar cheese, parsley, 2 teaspoons of salt-free seasoning, garlic powder, curry powder, lemon juice, and Dijon mustard until thoroughly combined. Adjust salt and black pepper. Spoon the mixture into the prepared casserole dish, and sprinkle 1/2 cup of Cheddar cheese over the top.
Bake in preheated oven until the casserole is bubbling and lightly browned, about 30 minutes.

Submitter: 
Frenchy
Description: 
All-in-one casserole with Cheddar cheese, rice, cooked chicken and fresh broccoli.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
77 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.43
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 15 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
648 calories
45.1
g fat
20.5
g carbohydrates
25.4
g protein
78
mg cholesterol
762
mg sodium.
