URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/219189/squash-relish-/
Title:
Squash Relish  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4563317.jpg
Ingredients:
8 cups diced yellow squash
2 cups diced onion (optional)
2 red bell peppers, diced
2 green bell peppers, diced
3 tablespoons salt
3 cups white sugar
2 cups vinegar
2 teaspoons celery seeds
2 teaspoons whole mustard seeds
6 (1 pint) canning jars with lids and rings

Directions:
Place the squash, onion, and red and green bell peppers into a large bowl, and sprinkle with salt. Toss to combine, and allow the vegetables to drain for 1 hour. Discard juice.
Place the sugar, vinegar, celery seeds, and mustard seeds into a large pot, and bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Stir in the squash mixture, and return to a boil. Cook the mixture until the vegetables are tender, about 15 minutes.
Sterilize the jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Pack the squash relish into the hot, sterilized jars, filling the jars to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a knife or a thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids, and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil over high heat, then carefully lower the jars into the pot using a holder. Leave a 2-inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary until the water level is at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a full boil, cover the pot, and process for 10 minutes, or the time recommended for your area.
Remove the jars from the pot, and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Once cool, press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in the refrigerator.

Submitter: 
mbrancherwife
Description: 
Colorful relish that's great with peas (purple hull peas are my favorite) and cornbread. It's perfect with hot dogs, or in any recipe that calls for pickle relish.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Relishes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.80000019073486
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 55 m
Number of servings: 
192
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
15 calories
0
g fat
3.7
g carbohydrates
0.1
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
109
mg sodium.
