URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/219116/caramel-sea-salt-dark-chocolate-coins/?src=VD_Summary
Title:
Caramel Sea Salt Dark Chocolate Coins Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1845467.jpg
Ingredients:
6 ounces dark chocolate, broken into small pieces
1 tablespoon white sugar
1/4 cup heavy cream
sea salt to taste
1 tablespoon cocoa powder, for dusting

Directions:
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Pour about 1 inch of water into the bottom of a saucepan and place over medium-low heat; bring the water to a simmer and turn off the heat. Place a stainless steel bowl over the saucepan. Put the chocolate in the bowl and soften over the hot water.
Place the sugar in a small skillet over medium-low heat and cook until it forms a dark liquid and begins to bubble, 7 to 9 minutes. Carefully pour the cream over the caramelized sugar. Cook and stir the mixture until the caramelized sugar is dissolved into the cream; immediately remove from heat. Pour the hot cream mixture over the warmed chocolate; stir quickly with a spatula until completely incorporated.
Drop the mixture by the teaspoon onto the prepared baking sheet. Top each portion with a sprinkle of sea salt. Cover with plastic wrap. Gently press a second baking sheet onto the chocolate coins to flatten. Chill in refrigerator until firm. Dust with the cocoa.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
These chocolate coins are inspired by my love for the chocolate-salt-caramel flavor combination, and my fascination with edible money. To this day, if I'm in a store and I see those little mesh bags of chocolate coins, I immediately turn into a 5-year-old. Those foil wrapped chocolates were, for whatever reason, my absolute favorite. Come on, money and chocolate in one shiny package…beautiful.
Categories:
Desserts
Chocolate
Dark Chocolate

Number of ratings:
31 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.32258081436157
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
49 calories
3.2
g fat
4.9
g carbohydrates
0.5
g protein
4
mg cholesterol
15
mg sodium.
