URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/219481/lush-turkey/
Title:
Lush Turkey Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4946137.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cups water
1/2 cup margarine
2 (6 ounce) packages stuffing mix for turkey
1 (18 pound) whole turkey, thawed if frozen
2 cups red wine
1 teaspoon salt
1 egg, beaten

Directions:
Preheat an oven to 390 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Bring the water to a boil in a large saucepan, and stir in the margarine until melted. Mix in the stuffing mix until thoroughly moistened, remove from heat, and allow the stuffing to stand for 5 minutes. Fluff with a fork.
Remove neck and giblets from the turkey, if present, and place the turkey into a large roasting pan with a lid. Lightly stuff the cavity of the turkey with the stuffing. Pour the red wine all over the turkey, and sprinkle the bird with salt. Brush the egg over the top of the turkey. Cover the roasting pan.
Roast in the preheated oven for 2 hours. Remove lid, baste the turkey with the pan drippings, and cover the breast of the turkey with a piece of aluminum foil. Return to oven, and roast an additional 30 minutes; baste once more, and roast until the turkey is browned and an instant-read meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of a thigh reads 165 degrees F (75 degrees C), about 2 more hours.
Transfer the turkey to a platter, and allow to stand for 30 minutes. To serve, remove stuffing to a serving dish before carving.

Submitter: 
Jacqueline P Slattery
Description: 
I read a lot of recipes before making my first turkey, and there were just too many to choose from, so I decided to wing it. Nobody was more shocked than I was to see how gorgeous, moist and flavorful it turned out, considering how very few ingredients and work was involved. Yes, the name is a double-entendre (there was a theme to my first Thanksgiving dinner!) I used a semi-sweet red wine, but you can go with whatever vintage you prefer if you want something more bitter. The drippings from the pan are practically a gravy on their own.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Turkey
Whole

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.75
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
5 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
927 calories
42.5
g fat
17
g carbohydrates
106.2
g protein
314
mg cholesterol
806
mg sodium.
