URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/219668/fachamattas-potatoes/?src=VD_Summary
Title:
Fachamatta's Potatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/871262.jpg
Ingredients:
2 (15 ounce) cans Italian-style stewed tomatoes
2 (15 ounce) cans tomato sauce
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
4 large cloves garlic, lightly crushed
1/2 yellow onion, finely chopped
4 fresh basil leaves
1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil
3 pounds potatoes, sliced 1/4-inch thick and patted dry with paper towels
sea salt to taste
freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 pinch crushed red pepper (optional)
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1 pound mozzarella cheese, sliced

Directions:
Stir the Italian-style stewed tomatoes and tomato sauce in a saucepan over medium heat; bring to a simmer.
Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Cook the crushed garlic cloves in the hot oil until lightly browned; remove from the skillet and add to the tomato mixture. Cook and stir the onions in the oil remaining in the skillet until softened, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir the cooked onions into the tomato mixture. Stir the basil leaves into the tomato mixture. Allow the tomato mixture to simmer until the onions partially dissolve into the sauce, at least 2 hours, stirring every 15 minutes. Remove and discard the basil leaves. Set aside 2 quarts of the sauce for use in this recipe. The rest can be frozen for later use.
Heat 1/4 cup olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook the sliced potatoes in the hot oil until the slices begin to soften in the center, turning frequently to ensure even cooking, about 10 minutes; season with sea salt, freshly ground black pepper, and crushed red pepper. Reduce heat to medium-low. Sprinkle the Parmesan cheese over the potatoes, continuing to turn as you add the cheese, and continue cooking until the potatoes are cooked through. Layer the sliced mozzarella over the potatoes, reduce heat to low, and cover the skillet with a lid; simmer until the cheese melts entirely. Pour about 2 quarts of the tomato sauce over the potato and cheese mixture; again cover the skillet and allow to simmer another 5 minutes. Remove the skillet from heat entirely and allow to rest 2 to 3 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Joey
Description: 
This can be served as an unparalleled, festive accompaniment to a main course, or even as the main course with a salad. If you are a bachelor, you can serve this right out of the frying pan onto dinner plates. However, if you want to impress a date and are coordinated and courageous, slide this entire creation from a circular frying pan onto a large, oval serving platter. No guts, no glory. You could also do this as a casserole, but I think you'll have more control over it by using this method. As Edward G. Robinson would say, 'Now, do it my way. See?' Try it with Romano or asiago cheese in place of the Parmesan.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
9 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.77777767181396
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
2 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
