URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/219765/spicy-chicken-marsala/
Title:
Spicy Chicken Marsala Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F1126009.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
6  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
¼ pound bacon, chopped
2  shallots, minced
8  green onions, chopped
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 (14.5 ounce) can fire-roasted diced tomatoes with juice
1 cup Marsala wine
4 cubes chicken bouillon
2 teaspoons whole fresh rosemary leaves
½ cup half-and-half
2 cups grated Parmesan cheese
1 (16 ounce) package spaghetti

Directions:
Heat a large cast-iron skillet over medium heat until very hot. Pour in the vegetable oil, tilt skillet to coat with oil, and place chicken breast halves into the hot skillet. Cook the chicken breasts until browned on each side, about 8 minutes per side.
Increase heat under skillet to medium-high, then stir in bacon, shallots, and green onions. Cook and stir until bacon begins to crisp, about 10 minutes.
Stir in garlic until fragrant, then add fire-roasted tomatoes, Marsala wine, chicken bouillon cubes, and rosemary. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to low; simmer for about 1 hour.
Stir half-and-half and Parmesan cheese into the sauce over medium heat. Continue to cook until cheese melts, about 10 minutes. Remove skillet from heat, and allow the chicken and sauce to rest while cooking the pasta.
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil. Stir in the spaghetti and return to a boil. Cook until the pasta has cooked through but is still slightly firm to the bite, about 12 minutes. Drain well.
Transfer cooked spaghetti to a serving platter and serve topped with chicken breasts and sauce.

Submitter: 
CraigEstes
Description: 
Spicy chicken Marsala will make your guests beg for more. Juicy chicken breasts simmer slowly in Marsala wine with fire-roasted tomatoes.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
7 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.14
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
2 hrs 5 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
753 calories
25
g fat
69.9
g carbohydrates
48.4
g protein
111
mg cholesterol
1595
mg sodium.
