URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/219719/frans-angel-food-pie/?src=VD_Summary
Title:
Fran's Angel Food Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/771324.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups water
1 pinch salt
1 cup white sugar
1/4 cup cornstarch
3 large egg whites
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 (9 inch) baked pie shell
1 pint heavy cream, whipped
1 teaspoon white sugar, or to taste
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract, or to taste
1 tablespoon chopped walnuts

Directions:
Partially fill the bottom of a double boiler with water, and bring the water to a boil. Pour 2 cups of water into the top of the double boiler with the salt. Place the top of the boiler onto the bottom. Whisk 1 cup of sugar with the cornstarch in a bowl until all lumps are gone, and whisk the mixture into the water until smooth. Cook, whisking constantly, until the mixture is thickened and translucent.
In a large bowl, beat the egg whites with an electric mixer until they form stiff peaks. Pour in the hot cornstarch mixture in a slow, steady stream, beating constantly, until the mixture is fluffy and forms peaks. Beat in 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract. Spread the filling into the baked pie shell in an even layer, and chill in refrigerator.
With an electric mixer, beat the cream with 1 teaspoon of sugar and 1/2 teaspoon of vanilla extract in a large metal bowl until the cream forms soft peaks; frost the pie with decorative swirls and peaks of the whipped cream. Sprinkle pie with chopped walnuts. Refrigerate until serving time.

Submitter: 
amyframpton
Description: 
This is Dad's favorite dessert! When Fran (Nana) Bamford was a bride during the Great Depression, this recipe was a wedding present from two ladies who ran the lunch counter in Granddad Douglas' neighborhood in Portland.
Categories:
Desserts
Pies
Vintage Pies

Number of ratings:
8 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.625
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
2 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
415 calories
27.8
g fat
39
g carbohydrates
3.4
g protein
82
mg cholesterol
148
mg sodium.
