URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/219781/french-onion-soup-with-port-wine/
Title:
French Onion Soup with Port Wine Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/938977.jpg
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons butter
3 tablespoons olive oil
6 white onions, sliced into thin rings
1 clove garlic, minced
1 pinch salt
1 1/2 teaspoons ground black pepper
1 tablespoon brown sugar
1 tablespoon dried thyme
1/3 cup port wine
1 (32 ounce) carton beef stock
salt and ground black pepper to taste
5 slices French bread
5 slices Swiss cheese
1/4 cup shredded Parmagiano-Reggiano cheese

Directions:
Melt the butter with the olive oil in a large pot over medium-low heat. Add the onion slices and garlic to the pot; season with a pinch of salt and black pepper. Cook the onions in the oil mixture until caramelized, stirring every 10 minutes to keep from browning too quickly, about 1 hour.
Stir the brown sugar and thyme into the caramelized onions; allow the sugar to melt into the onion mixture, about 2 minutes. Pour the wine over the onions and bring to a boil while scraping the browned bits of food off of the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon; continue simmering another 5 minutes. Add the beef stock; cook together another 10 minutes. Season to taste with more salt and pepper, if desired.
Preheat the oven's broiler.
Ladle the soup into 5 oven-safe crocks arranged onto a baking sheet. Top the soup with a slice of French bread; cover with a slice of Swiss cheese and sprinkle with some of the Parmagiano-Reggiano cheese.
Melt the cheese under the broiler until browned, 2 to 3 minutes.

Submitter: 
Leah Thompson
Description: 
This soup is delicious and rich. We like it best on cold days. You can use more or less broth depending on how thick you like your French Onion Soup. Also try making with a Chardonnay as a delicious variation.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Vegetable Soup
Onion Soup
French Onion Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.75
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
455 calories
25.6
g fat
37
g carbohydrates
17.4
g protein
48
mg cholesterol
426
mg sodium.
