URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/219980/linguine-and-shellfish/
Title:
Linguine and Shellfish Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/2509637.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 teaspoon butter
1/2 Spanish onion, minced
3 cloves garlic, minced
3 1/3 tablespoons olive oil, divided
1 teaspoon butter
2 cups clam juice
1/4 pound fresh mussels, scrubbed and debearded
1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes
2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley
1 teaspoon chopped fresh basil
salt to taste
ground black pepper to taste
1 (16 ounce) package fresh linguine pasta
1 pound uncooked medium shrimp, peeled and deveined
1 cup chopped fresh clam meat
1/2 lemon, juiced
1 cooked lobster tail and claw meat - coarsely chopped
1 tablespoon freshly shaved Parmesan cheese
1/2 lemon, cut into wedges
1 sprig fresh flat-leaf parsley

Directions:
Heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil and 1 teaspoon of butter in a heavy skillet over medium heat, and cook and stir the Spanish onion and garlic until the onion is translucent, about 5 minutes.
While onions and garlic are cooking, bring a pot of salted water to a boil, and drizzle in 1 teaspoon of olive oil.
In the skillet, stir in remaining 3 tablespoons of olive oil and 1 more teaspoon of butter. Allow butter to melt, then stir in the clam juice, mussels, red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons of chopped flat-leaf parsley, basil, salt, and black pepper. Bring the mixture to a simmer and cook just until the mussel shells begin to open, about 3 minutes.
Stir the fresh linguine pasta into the boiling water and cook, stirring occasionally, until the pasta is tender, about 5 minutes.
Drain the linguine and transfer to a large serving platter; keep the linguine warm.
Stir the shrimp and clams into the sauce, and cook until the shrimp turn pink and the clam meat is slightly opaque, about 5 minutes. Drizzle lemon juice over the top of the sauce and stir to combine.
Mix in the lobster meat and allow to cook just until heated, about 1 minute (do not overcook). Adjust salt and black pepper, if desired.
Spoon the sauce and shellfish over the platter of cooked linguine, arranging the mussels in their shells, several shrimp, and lemon wedges decoratively around the edge of the platter. Top the sauce with shaved Parmesan cheese curls in the center of the sauce, and place 1 sprig of parsley in the center for garnish.

Submitter: 
Moodygurl
Description: 
This meal isn't fat free, but it is a recipe that I serve at least once per month anyhow. :D. It's a great dish on its own, but I normally serve it up with some fresh Italian bread and basil-flavored olive oil for dipping. Wicked yummy pasta, people!!  Serve this with a bowl of freshly grated Parmesan cheese on the side, so that people can decide how much they feel like using.
Categories:
Seafood
Shellfish
Lobster

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.66666650772095
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
567 calories
15.7
g fat
48.3
g carbohydrates
55.9
g protein
285
mg cholesterol
863
mg sodium.
