URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/219913/hound-dog-bites/
Title:
Hound Dog Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/2590405.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups packed brown sugar
1 cup water
1/4 cup maple syrup
1 (7 ounce) jar marshmallow creme
2 cups peanut butter
1 1/2 pounds chocolate almond bark (chocolate confectionery coating), broken into chunks
10 (10 inch) flour tortillas
2 cups sugar frosted corn flake cereal, divided
10 large bananas, or as needed

Directions:
Stir the brown sugar, water, and maple syrup together in a saucepan until the sugar has dissolved. Bring to a boil, and reduce heat to medium low to keep warm.
Mix the marshmallow creme with the peanut butter in a large bowl, and pour the brown sugar mixture over the peanut butter mixture.
With an electric mixer, beat the mixture until fluffy. Refrigerate the fluff.
To make the bites, lay a tortilla out onto a work surface. Spread a thin layer of peanut butter fluff onto the tortilla, leaving an edge about 1/4 inch wide all the way around free from spread.
Sprinkle about 1 1/2 tablespoons of frosted flake cereal over the spread.
Lay a banana along one side of the tortilla; if 1 banana is too short to reach the entire length of the tortilla, use 1 1/2 bananas. Tightly roll the tortilla around the banana.
With a sharp serrated knife, cut the roll into 1/2-inch thick slices. Lay the slices out flat on waxed paper.
Place the chocolate almond bark into a microwave-safe bowl, and microwave for 1 minute; stir the chocolate coating, and continue microwaving at 30-second intervals and stirring until the coating is smooth and warm (not hot).
Dip the bottom of a slice into the coating, covering about 2/3 of the height of the slice.  Place the dipped slice coated side down on a sheet of waxed paper to set. Repeat with remaining slices.
Place slices into refrigerator to chill.
Place the remaining cereal flakes in a shallow bowl, and lightly crush them.
Dip the other side of the slices into the chocolate coating, and immediately dip the coated area into the crushed flakes. Place the rolls onto waxed paper, flake sides up. Chill the pieces in the refrigerator until the tops have set up.

Submitter: 
Peggi Weaver Tebben
Description: 
So...I had made a batch of peanut butter fluff and was wondering what I could use it on besides ice cream. Then I got to thinking: peanut butter and bananas! Elvis's favorite sandwich. So I developed this recipe, and in honor of the King, I'm calling it Hound Dog Bites!
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Banana Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
40
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
calories
fat
carbohydrates
protein
cholesterol
sodium.
