URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220001/kiss-from-a-rose-rose-sauce-/
Title:
Kiss From a Rose (Rose Sauce)  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1101556.jpg
Ingredients:
2 whole artichokes
4 roma (plum) tomatoes, seeded and chopped
6 large round tomatoes, seeded and chopped
1 (8 ounce) can tomato sauce
4 ounces tomato paste
1 clove garlic, minced
1/2 cup chopped sun-dried tomatoes
3 tablespoons Italian seasoning
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon dried marjoram
2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon liquid smoke flavoring (optional)
1/4 cup chopped sun-dried tomatoes (optional)
4 cups heavy cream at room temperature
1/4 cup sweet white wine
1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Cut all the leaves away from the artichokes to expose the hearts.
Trim the artichoke stems, and scoop out the fibrous center with a grapefruit spoon or small paring knife.
Mince 1 artichoke heart, and coarsely chop the second. Set the artichoke hearts aside.
Place the roma tomatoes, round tomatoes, and tomato sauce into a blender; pulse several times to mix, then blend the mixture until pureed, about 30 seconds.
Pour the tomato mixture into a large saucepan, and stir in the tomato paste and garlic until smooth.
Heat over medium heat, and stir in the artichoke hearts, 1/2 cup of sun-dried tomatoes, Italian seasoning, oregano, marjoram, and salt.
Bring the sauce to a boil, reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Pour about 1/2 cup of the simmering sauce into a small bowl, mix in the liquid smoke and 1/4 cup of sun-dried tomatoes. Stir this mixture back into the saucepan.
Pour the heavy cream, sweet white wine, and Parmesan cheese into the sauce and stir to combine. Bring the sauce back to a simmer, and cook until the cheese has melted, about 10 minutes. The sauce should be a pink color with red patches from the sun-dried tomatoes.

Submitter: 
Dregun
Description: 
You will never look at another rose sauce the same once you make, serve and share this recipe with your friends and family. This sauce infuses the flavor of artichoke and sun-dried tomato along with fresh tomatoes, cream, and a hint of sweet wine to please all. Serve over pasta of your choice. Shrimp, scallops, or mussels work very well with this sauce!
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Sauces
Pasta Sauces

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
344 calories
30.8
g fat
14.6
g carbohydrates
5.2
g protein
110
mg cholesterol
712
mg sodium.
