URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220074/italian-wedding-soup/
Title:
Italian Wedding Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/990152.jpg
Ingredients:
Tiny Meatballs:
1 (19.76 ounce) package Johnsonville® Mild Italian Sausage, decased
1 egg, lightly beaten
1 cup bread crumbs (plain or seasoned)
2 teaspoons fennel seeds, crushed or chopped
1 tablespoon fresh Italian parsley, minced
1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper (optional)
Soup:
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
1 medium onion, finely diced
1 teaspoon dried thyme
1 teaspoon dried sage leaves
2 cloves garlic, finely minced
1 medium carrot, finely chopped
1 stalk celery, finely chopped
8 cups chicken stock
1 bay leaf
8 ounces orzo pasta, cooked
1 cup spinach, roughly chopped
1/3 cup shredded parmesan cheese

Directions:
Mix meatball ingredients together and roll small meatballs the size of a marble. (If forming the meatball is difficult, cover and refrigerate first.)
In a medium pan, cook orzo al dente, according to package directions, drain and set aside.
Prep the vegetables.
In a large pot, saute onion, thyme and sage in olive oil. When the onion starts to turn a golden color; add garlic, carrot, celery and cook for about 5 minutes stirring occasionally. Set the vegetable mixture aside on a plate.
In the same pot add all the meatballs and cook for 2-3 minutes before stirring (this will keep them from breaking). Gently toss with a rubber spatula to brown on all sides.
Add reserved vegetables, chicken stock, and bay leaf. Simmer gently, (do not boil) until vegetables are tender and meatballs are cooked through.
Add cooked orzo and spinach, stir together. (Adding spinach right before serving will help it maintain its rich green color).
Garnish soup bowls with parmesan cheese.

Submitter: 
The Kitchen at Johnsonville Sausage
Description: 
This traditional soup is packed with fragrant herbs and small meatballs cooked in a flavorful broth.
Categories:
Pasta and Noodles
Pasta by Shape

Number of ratings:
39 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.76923084259033
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
7
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
calories
fat
carbohydrates
protein
cholesterol
sodium.
