URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220092/comforting-chicken-noodle-soup/
Title:
Comforting Chicken Noodle Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/4570132.jpg
Ingredients:
10 cups water
1  leek, halved lengthwise
1  carrot, halved
1 (3 inch) piece fresh ginger, peeled
1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns
2  bone-in chicken breast halves, skin removed
2 ⅓ cups all-purpose flour
⅛ teaspoon salt
2  eggs, beaten
1 tablespoon butter
⅓ cup milk, or as needed
2  chicken bouillon cubes, crumbled
3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh ginger
¾ cup peeled and sliced carrots
1 cup sliced celery
¼ cup cornstarch
¼ cup cold water

Directions:
Pour 10 cups of water into a large soup pot over high heat with the leek, halved carrot, 3-inch piece of ginger, and peppercorns.
Bring to a boil, turn heat to medium-low, and place chicken breasts into the broth
Cover the pot with a lid and simmer the mixture until the chicken is cooked through and tender, 20 to 30 minutes.
While broth is simmering, whisk flour and salt together in a bowl; beat in the eggs, butter, and enough milk to make a stiff but workable dough.
Knead the dough in the bowl until smooth and slightly springy, about 5 minutes; transfer to a bowl, cover with a cloth, and allow to rest for 10 minutes.
Roll the noodle dough out on a floured surface to desired thickness (1/4- to 1/8-inch thick); cut into strips.
Remove chicken breasts, transfer them to a plate, and allow to cool. When cool, remove the bones and shred the meat with a fork.
Strain and retain the broth; discard spent leek, halved carrot, ginger chunk, and peppercorns.
Place strained broth into a large soup pot, bring to a boil, and reduce heat to medium-low. Stir in bouillon cubes, 3 tablespoons of chopped ginger, 3/4 cup sliced carrots, and celery until the bouillon has dissolved. Simmer until the carrots are tender, about 30 minutes.
Gently stir in the noodles, a few at a time. Return broth to a simmer and cook until the noodles are tender, about 10 minutes.
Whisk cornstarch and 1/4 cup of water until smooth; stir half the mixture into the soup and simmer until thickened, about 3 minutes. If thicker soup is desired, stir in remaining cornstarch mixture. Mix in the chicken to serve.

Submitter: 
shasty
Description: 
A combination of several recipes I've made over the years to make this warm, comforting soup. Great for warm days, sick days, or just any day. I sometimes serve this with mashed potatoes as well! The more flour on the pasta from rolling it out, the thicker your soup will be.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
30 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.73
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 45 mins
Number of servings: 
10 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
240 calories
4.1
g fat
37.2
g carbohydrates
12.6
g protein
68
mg cholesterol
410
mg sodium.
