URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220077/quattro-formaggi-pizza/
Title:
Quattro Formaggi Pizza Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/989849.jpg
Ingredients:
Dough:
2 teaspoons sugar
1/2 cup lukewarm water
1 (.25 ounce) envelope active dry yeast
2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, plus more for brushing and drizzling
3 cups all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
Cornmeal for sprinkling
Topping:
1 (19.76 ounce) package Johnsonville® Ground Mild Italian Sausage or Links, casings removed
1/3 cup ricotta cheese
1/2 cup mozzarella cheese, cut into 1-inch slices
1/2 cup Gorgonzola cheese, crumbled
1/4 cup shredded Parmesan cheese
1 teaspoon fresh herbs, chopped (optional)

Directions:
Stir 2 tablespoons sugar into the warm water; sprinkle the yeast on top and stir to mix. Set aside for 5 minutes. Whisk the flour and salt in a large bowl. Make a well in the center; pour in the yeast mixture and stir to make a shaggy dough. Place dough on a floured surface and knead about 5 minutes, until smooth and elastic, adding just enough flour to prevent it from sticking.
Form into a ball, place in a large oiled bowl, turning to coat with the oil. Arrange dough seam-side down and cover bowl with plastic wrap. Let rise at room temperature about 1 hour 30 minutes, or until doubled in size.
Position oven rack to top shelf, along with a pizza stone or baking sheet. Preheat to 450 degrees F.
Prepare sausage in a large skillet. Remove and drain the fat.
Sprinkle working surface and rolling pin with cornmeal to prevent sticking. Knead dough for a few seconds to begin shaping it into a ball. Using rolling pin, roll the dough out to a circle that is approximately 10" in diameter. Finish stretching using your hands. The dough should be thin.
Remove baking sheet or pizza stone from the oven and sprinkle it with cornmeal. Carefully place the pizza dough on the stone or baking sheet and quickly sprinkle with Ricotta cheese. Scatter the Mozzarella and Gorgonzola pieces, along with the sausage, and finally, top with Parmesan cheese.
Bake for 10 to 12 minutes, until the crust is golden brown and the cheese is bubbly. Remove from oven, garnish with fresh herbs, cut and enjoy!

Submitter: 
The Kitchen at Johnsonville Sausage
Description: 
Homemade pizza dough, topped with Italian sausage and four kinds of cheese, makes a tasty dinner everyone will love.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
2 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
839 calories
47
g fat
65
g carbohydrates
35.1
g protein
114
mg cholesterol
1822
mg sodium.
