URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220014/lobster-mashed-potatoes/
Title:
Lobster Mashed Potatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/784946.jpg
Ingredients:
water
salt
1 (2 pound) lobster
1 teaspoon salt
2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 2-inch pieces
1/4 cup butter
1/2 cup cream, or more as needed
1/4 teaspoon paprika

Directions:
Preheat an oven to 200 degrees F (95 degrees C).
Combine the water with 2 tablespoons salt in a large pot; bring to a boil
Plunge lobster into boiling water, cover the pot, and return the water to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook at a simmer until the lobster becomes bright right, about 10 minutes.
Remove the lobster from the water and set aside to cool.
When cool enough to handle, clean lobster and pull out tail meat, reserving the tail shell. Crack claws and remove the meat.
Chop the tail meat coarsely and reserve with the intact claw meat in a covered dish; keep warm in the preheated oven.
Put about 1 inch of water in the bottom of a saucepan with 1 teaspoon salt; bring to boil.
Add potatoes to the boiling water; top with intact lobster tail shell.
Cover the saucepan and return the water to a boil. Reduce heat to medium low and cook at a simmer until the potatoes are easily pierced with a fork, 20 to 30 minutes.
Remove lobster shell and discard.
Drain the water from the saucepan.
Reduce the heat to low. Gently shake the pan over low heat to dry the potatoes.
Add the butter to the potatoes and mash until no lumps remain.
Add cream until you get your preferred consistency
Fold in reserved chopped lobster meat.
Sprinkle with paprika to serve.

Submitter: 
mauigirl
Description: 
I had this amazing dish at a lovely Pacific Northwest steakhouse and I knew I had to figure out how to make this special treat. These potatoes were so delicious, I could have skipped the steak entirely. This is my take on this rich and decadent side dish. This has become one of our traditions on Valentine's Day with a fabulous tenderloin steak. YUMMY! This would work well with your own mashed potato recipe instead of the basic mashed potato recipe listed here. You could certainly do this recipe with lobster tails instead of the whole lobster. You could even use precooked lobster ignoring the lobster cooking instructions. It looks like it is time consuming, but it is so easy and worth the effort for a special meal.
Categories:
Side Dish
Potatoes
Mashed Potatoes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.83333349227905
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
503 calories
18.3
g fat
43.6
g carbohydrates
40.2
g protein
178
mg cholesterol
5336
mg sodium.
