URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220101/asian-style-paper-wrapped-chicken/
Title:
Asian Style Paper Wrapped Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F848189.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons soy sauce
1  green onion, finely chopped
1 tablespoon hoisin sauce
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 tablespoon white wine
1 tablespoon cornstarch
1 teaspoon white sugar
1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger
1 teaspoon chopped garlic
¼ teaspoon Chinese five-spice powder
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, cut into 1-inch cubes
1 cup peanut oil for frying, or as needed
18  6x6-inch squares of aluminum foil, or as needed

Directions:
Mix soy sauce, green onion, hoisin sauce, vegetable oil, white wine, cornstarch, sugar, ginger, garlic, five-spice powder, salt, and black pepper in a large bowl. Stir chicken cubes into the sauce to coat; marinate in refrigerator for 2 hours.
Place 1 to 2 chicken cubes onto a square of aluminum foil and fold the foil diagonally to make a triangle. Fold the edges over tightly several times, about 1/4 inch per fold, squeezing as much air as possible out of the packet. Repeat with remaining ingredients and foil.
Pour 1 cup peanut oil, or as needed, into a heavy skillet (such as a cast-iron pan) to a depth of 1/2 inch; heat over medium heat until oil is shimmering.
Gently lay the chicken packets, working in batches if necessary, into the hot oil and cook until chicken is no longer pink and the juices run clear (open a test packet to be sure), about 5 minutes per side. Drain packets on paper towels. Serve chicken in foil wrappers and let diners unwrap their own.

Submitter: 
seanbhalliday
Description: 
Paper-wrapped chicken like in a pu pu platter. It is called 'Paper Wrapped' although it is actually wrapped in aluminum foil. This is one of the best appetizers I have ever had at an Asian restaurant and this is my attempt to duplicate it. It goes very well on the pu pu platter.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
2 Ratings
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
2 hrs 40 mins
Number of servings: 
2 hrs
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
150 calories
7.6
g fat
4
g carbohydrates
15.2
g protein
39
mg cholesterol
376
mg sodium.
