URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220118/mahi-and-mushrooms/
Title:
Mahi and Mushrooms Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7162092.jpg
Ingredients:
1 clove garlic, minced, or more to taste
1 tablespoon minced shallot, or more to taste
1 pinch red pepper flakes, or to taste
2 tablespoons olive oil
2 (4 ounce) mahi mahi fillets
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 teaspoons olive oil
1 cup fresh oyster mushrooms, stemmed and sliced
1/2 cup halved yellow and red grape tomatoes, or more to taste
1/4 cup white wine (optional)
1 tablespoon butter (optional)

Directions:
Mix the garlic, shallot, red pepper flakes, and 2 tablespoons olive oil together in a shallow dish.
Lay the mahi mahi fillets in the olive oil mixture; turn to coat.
Season the fillets with salt and black pepper.
Transfer the dish to the refrigerator and allow the fillets to marinate 30 minutes to overnight.
Heat 2 teaspoons olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat.
Cook and stir the oyster mushrooms in the hot oil until tender, about 5 minutes; season with salt and black pepper.
Pour the white wine over the mushrooms; bring to a simmer and allow to cook while you prepare the mahi mahi.
Remove the mahi mahi fillets from the marinade; shake to remove any excess marinade.
Heat a skillet over medium heat.
Gently lay the fillets in the hot skillet; cook about 5 minutes. Pour the marinade over the fillets and continue cooking until the fish is just beginning to flake in the center; remove from heat, transfer to a serving dish, and keep warm.
Add the tomatoes and butter to the mushroom and wine mixture. Cook and stir together just until the butter has melted; spoon over the mahi mahi fillets to serve.

Submitter: 
Spencer & Serena
Description: 
Marinated, pan-cooked Mahi with sauteed mushrooms and grape tomatoes. Serve it with a salad and some bread. YUM! You can marinate overnight; then it only takes a few minutes to get ready before cooking. Oyster mushrooms are my favorites, but criminis work well also. I use both yellow and red grape tomatoes.
Categories:
Seafood
Fish
Mahi Mahi

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.7619047164917
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
363 calories
25.2
g fat
6.4
g carbohydrates
22.6
g protein
97
mg cholesterol
152
mg sodium.
