URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220100/paper-wrapped-chicken/
Title:
Paper-Wrapped Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F1148053.jpg
Ingredients:
½ cup teriyaki sauce
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 (1 inch) piece fresh ginger, grated
¼ teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - cut into bite-size pieces
30  4x4-inch squares aluminum foil, or as needed
oil for deep frying

Directions:
Mix the teriyaki sauce, garlic, ginger, and red pepper flakes in a bowl; stir in the chicken pieces until thoroughly coated.
Cover the bowl and refrigerate the chicken 3 to 4 hours to overnight.
Remove a piece of chicken from the marinade and place into the center of an aluminum square.
Fold the square diagonally over the chicken piece in a triangle shape; fold up the open edges of the triangle several times and press tightly together to seal the chicken into the foil. Repeat with remaining chicken pieces. Discard the used marinade.
Heat oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Gently add the sealed foil packets to the hot oil and fry until the chicken is tender and cooked through, 2 to 4 minutes. Drain the packets on paper towels and allow to cool slightly.
To serve, tear open the packets along the sealed edges.

Submitter: 
witchywoman
Description: 
I eat this quite a bit at our local Chinese restaurants, so I recreated it at home and made it even tastier. These are time-consuming, and I recommend using oil in the deep fryer that is ready to change as the marinade will ruin it for cooking anything else. I've also done this technique successfully with squid. I've also added in very thinly sliced onion and green peppers to the marinade and it was really good.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
10 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.6
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
4 hrs
Number of servings: 
3 hrs
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
119 calories
8.3
g fat
2.2
g carbohydrates
8.6
g protein
22
mg cholesterol
479
mg sodium.
