URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220108/pork-yaka-mein-a-la-dug/
Title:
Pork Yaka Mein a la Dug Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/2147259.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (4 pound) bone-in pork shoulder roast
1 (32 ounce) carton chicken broth
2 cups water, or as needed to cover
2 chicken bouillon cubes
4 teaspoons seasoned salt (such as LAWRY'S®)
2 tablespoons Cajun seasoning
1 tablespoon onion powder
1/4 cup butter
3 large heads bok choy - large outer leaves and base trimmed off, heads thickly sliced
2 bunches fresh cilantro leaves, chopped - divided
1 cup water
2 (8 ounce) packages dried flat rice noodles
crushed red pepper flakes to taste
grated Parmesan cheese to taste
lime wedges

Directions:
Place the pork roast into a slow cooker, pour in the chicken broth, and add 2 cups water or enough to completely cover the roast.
Mix in bouillon cubes, seasoned salt, Cajun seasoning, onion powder, and butter.
Set cooker on Low and cook until the meat has fallen off the bone, 8 to 10 hours.
Remove the meat from the broth and shred the pork with two forks; set the meat aside.
Strain the broth through a fine-mesh strainer, discarding the bones; pour broth into a large pot and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and stir the shredded pork back into the broth.
If desired, skim excess fat from broth with a large spoon.
Stir in the bok choy, about 3/4 of the chopped cilantro leaves, and 1 cup water. Set aside remaining cilantro leaves for garnish. Simmer the soup while you prepare the rice noodles.
Place rice noodles into a large bowl and cover with very hot tap water. Stir to separate the noodles and allow to soak until translucent, 25 to 30 minutes. Drain the noodles.
To serve, place about 1/2 cup of rice noodles into a bowl and ladle the soup over the noodles. Sprinkle with reserved cilantro, crushed red pepper flakes, and Parmesan cheese to taste; serve with lime wedges.

Submitter: 
dugpark
Description: 
My spin on 'yaka mein soup' with pork and bok choy. It's a family favorite (for our gluten-free family). Everyone from my 5-year-old to my wife and I can't get enough, especially on a cold or grey day. This recipe generally makes enough for us to have two meals for five people with some lunches left over. Serve with condiments including crushed red pepper flakes, Parmesan cheese, and lime wedges.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Pork
Shoulder

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
8 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
321 calories
13.7
g fat
28.6
g carbohydrates
20.4
g protein
72
mg cholesterol
1270
mg sodium.
