URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220134/authentic-pad-thai-noodles/
Title:
Authentic Pad Thai Noodles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/824871.jpg
Ingredients:
2/3 cup dried rice vermicelli
1/4 cup peanut oil
2/3 cup thinly sliced firm tofu
1 large egg, beaten
4 cloves garlic, finely chopped
1/4 cup vegetable broth
2 tablespoons fresh lime juice
2 tablespoons soy sauce
1 tablespoon white sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon dried red chili flakes
3 tablespoons chopped peanuts
1 pound bean sprouts, divided
3 green onions, whites cut thinly across and greens sliced into thin lengths - divided
3 tablespoons chopped peanuts
2 limes, cut into wedges for garnish

Directions:
Soak rice vermicelli noodles in a bowl filled with hot water until softened, 30 minutes to 1 hour.  Drain and set aside.
Heat peanut oil over medium heat in a large wok.
Cook and stir tofu in the wok, turning the pieces until they are golden on all sides.
Remove tofu with a slotted spoon and drain on plate lined with paper towels.
Pour all but 1 tablespoon of used oil from the wok into a small bowl; it will be used again in a later step.
Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon of oil in the wok over medium heat until it starts to sizzle.
Pour in beaten egg and lightly toss in the hot oil to scramble the egg.
Remove egg from the wok and set aside.
Pour reserved peanut oil in the small bowl back into the wok.
Toss garlic and drained noodles in wok until they are coated with oil.
Stir in vegetable broth, lime juice, soy sauce, and sugar. Toss and gently push noodles around the pan to coat with sauce.
Gently mix in tofu, scrambled egg, salt, chili flakes, and 3 tablespoons peanuts; toss to mix all ingredients.
Mix in bean sprouts and green onions, reserving about 1 tablespoon of each for garnish. Cook and stir until bean sprouts have softened slightly, 1 to 2 minutes.
Arrange noodles on a warm serving platter and garnish with 3 tablespoons peanuts and reserved bean sprouts and green onions.  Place lime wedges around the edges of the platter.

Submitter: 
Julia
Description: 
This is an authentic Thai recipe, with the proper ingredients (no ketchup or peanut butter).  It is easy, quick, and absolutely delicious.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Thai

Number of ratings:
68 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.25
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
397 calories
23.3
g fat
39.5
g carbohydrates
13.2
g protein
41
mg cholesterol
1234
mg sodium.
