URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220211/pretzel-and-parmesan-crusted-chicken/
Title:
Pretzel and Parmesan Crusted Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/974913.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup light olive oil
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil
1 ½ teaspoons dried rosemary
1 teaspoon ground thyme
ground black pepper to taste
4  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
7 ounces hard sourdough pretzels
⅔ cup freshly shredded Parmesan cheese
1 ½ teaspoons dried parsley
½ teaspoon garlic powder

Directions:
Whisk together olive oil, minced garlic, basil, rosemary, thyme, and black pepper in a bowl.
Place chicken breasts between two sheets of heavy plastic (resealable freezer bags work well) on a solid, level surface. Firmly pound the chicken with the smooth side of a meat mallet to a thickness of about 1 inch.
Transfer chicken breasts to the bowl with the olive oil marinade; cover and refrigerate overnight.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place pretzels and Parmesan cheese into a food processor; pulse until the pretzels are finely crushed and combined with cheese.
Mix in parsley and garlic powder by pulsing once or twice. Transfer the mixture to a shallow dish.
Remove chicken from the marinade, and shake off excess. Discard the remaining marinade.
Press chicken into pretzel mixture, coating both sides.
Arrange coated chicken in a baking dish. Sprinkle about 1 tablespoon additional pretzel mixture on top.
Bake chicken breasts in the preheated oven until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 30 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Cover chicken with a foil tent and allow to rest for 10 to 15 minutes before slicing and serving.

Submitter: 
Terri May Stocke
Description: 
This recipe was inspired by a wedding reception that I attended. The original was stuffed with a creamy white cheese (possibly Gouda).  I omitted the cheese on the inside, and instead opted to add Parmesan to the outside. This is delicious! Crunchy on the outside and moist on the inside. The measurements for the marinade are an estimate.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
10 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.4
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
8 hrs 55 mins
Number of servings: 
8 hrs 10 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
863 calories
64.3
g fat
41.5
g carbohydrates
34.4
g protein
77
mg cholesterol
1137
mg sodium.
