URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220241/marshalls-dreamy-oyster-stew/
Title:
Marshall's Dreamy Oyster Stew Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
1 yellow potato, cut into small dice
1/4 cup finely diced sweet onion
2 teaspoons minced garlic
1 pinch salt and ground black pepper to taste
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 pint raw oysters, cut into bite-size pieces and liquid reserved
2 1/2 cups skim milk

Directions:
Heat olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add potato, onion, and garlic to the hot oil, reduce heat to medium-low, and bring the mixture to a simmer. Place a lid on the saucepan and cook the mixture at a simmer, stirring occasionally, until the onion and potato soften, 5 to 7 minutes.
Season the potato mixture with salt and black pepper.
Stir flour into the mixture to make a roux. Increase heat to medium and stir the mixture constantly to cook the flour, 3 to 4 minutes.
Pour reserved oyster liquid into the potato mixture. Increase heat to medium-high.
Slowly stream skim milk into the saucepan while stirring continually; cook and stir until the mixture begins to thicken and bubble, 5 to 7 minutes. Season again with salt and black pepper as needed.
Reduce heat to medium-low. Add oysters to the saucepan; continue to cook and stir until the mixture is thick and the oysters are just cooked through, about 3 minutes.
Turn off the heat and continue to stir until you are sure soup will not boil after covered. Cover and let stand 10 minutes for the flavors to blend.

Submitter: 
ezfromwi
Description: 
This recipe was originally a higher-fat recipe. But with age and ailments comes restraint and tradeoffs. To try the original recipe, use butter instead of extra-virgin olive oil and whole milk instead of skim. I am not much of a celery fan, especially in mild-flavored foods, but if you like celery, add small diced celery to taste along with the onion, garlic and potato. Serve with crackers of choice. I personally don't use crackers. I feel they detract from enjoying the mild desired flavor and creamy dreaminess.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Stews
Seafood

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
553 calories
24.1
g fat
55.6
g carbohydrates
28
g protein
78
mg cholesterol
288
mg sodium.
