URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220469/irish-chicken/
Title:
Irish Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/807765.jpg
Ingredients:
5 (5 ounce) skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
1 cup coarsely chopped bacon
5 slices provolone cheese
3 tablespoons water
8  red potatoes, cut into 1/4-inch thick slices
⅔ cup heavy cream
½ pound shredded mozzarella cheese
5 slices bacon
1 ½ pounds fresh green beans, trimmed
2 fluid ounces Irish cream liqueur
¼ cup heavy whipping cream
½ cup chopped peanuts
1 tablespoon butter
1 (6 ounce) package sliced fresh mushrooms
5 fluid ounces Irish cream liqueur
⅔ cup heavy whipping cream

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Slice a pocket in thick side of each chicken breast.
Spoon about 2 tablespoons of chopped bacon into the center of a provolone slice; fold cheese around bacon and stuff into a chicken breast. Repeat with remaining chicken breasts.
Arrange stuffed chicken breasts on a baking sheet and sprinkle with water.
Bake in the preheated oven until the chicken meat is no longer pink inside, the bacon is cooked, and the provolone cheese has melted, about 1 hour.
Cover potatoes with water in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Cook over medium heat until potatoes are tender, about 15 minutes. Drain well.
Heat 2/3 cup heavy cream in a saucepan over low heat; stir in mozzarella cheese and melt. Pour mozzarella cheese mixture into the saucepan with potatoes and toss to coat.
Place 5 slices of bacon into a skillet over medium heat and cook, turning occasionally, until bacon is just starting to brown but is still soft, about 5 minutes. Drain fat; transfer bacon to a plate and allow to cool until easy to handle.
Wrap 1 bacon slice around 10 green beans and secure with a toothpick; repeat with remaining bacon slices.
Place green bean bundles in the skillet and cook over medium heat until bacon is browned and crisp and the green beans are tender, about 10 minutes; turn often.
Pour 2 fluid ounces Irish cream liqueur and 1/4 cup heavy whipping cream into the skillet with green bean bundles over low heat; spoon over green bean bundles. Sprinkle with chopped peanuts.
Melt butter in a skillet over medium heat; cook and stir mushrooms until most of the liquid has evaporated, about 10 minutes.
Stir 5 fluid ounces of Irish cream and 2/3 cup heavy whipping cream into mushrooms over medium heat. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and cook until sauce has thickened, about 10 minutes.
Pour mushroom sauce over baked stuffed chicken. Serve green bean bundles and potatoes on the side.

Submitter: 
Dace
Description: 
Boneless chicken breast stuffed with provolone cheese and bacon is covered with a mushroom and Irish creme sauce. Served traditionally with roasted potatoes in a creamy cheese sauce. Any veg will do, but the green beans are awesome!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
6 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.5
Prep time: 
1 hr
Ready in:
2 hrs
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
1097 calories
64.9
g fat
47.1
g carbohydrates
65.2
g protein
262
mg cholesterol
1147
mg sodium.
