URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220508/indian-curry-couscous-with-broccoli-and-edamame/
Title:
Indian Curry Couscous with Broccoli and Edamame Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6413883.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup vegetable broth
1/2 cup couscous
1 tablespoon canola oil
1 teaspoon ajwain (carom) seeds
1 clove garlic, coarsely chopped
1 teaspoon turmeric powder
1 teaspoon curry powder
1/2 teaspoon hing powder (asafoetida)
1 pinch chili powder (optional)
1 pinch ground cinnamon
1 (12 ounce) package frozen shelled edamame (green soybeans)
1 bunch broccoli, cut into florets
sea salt to taste
ground black pepper to taste
1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil

Directions:
Bring the vegetable broth to a boil in a saucepan. Add couscous and reduce heat to medium; simmer until broth is absorbed and couscous is tender, about 10 minutes. Fluff with a fork.
Heat canola oil in a large skillet or wok over medium-high heat. Add ajowan seeds.
When seeds begin to sputter, stir in garlic and reduce heat to medium.
Stir turmeric, curry powder, hing powder, chili powder, and cinnamon into the garlic mixture until garlic is browned, about 3 minutes.
Cook and stir edamame and broccoli in the spice mixture until vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and black pepper.
Drizzle sesame oil atop vegetables.
Spoon vegetables over couscous to serve.

Submitter: 
namiknows
Description: 
A quick, light couscous stir-fry with Indian flavors. Great for vegetarians, but easily adapted into a chicken dish. Feel free to substitute veggies any way you like. Other options include sliced zucchini, string beans, eggplant, carrots, snow peas, and celery. Also try adding sesame seeds, flax seeds, or sesame seeds towards the end of stir-frying. Can be served with plain yogurt.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Indian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
413 calories
18
g fat
45.6
g carbohydrates
22
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
317
mg sodium.
