URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220533/the-irish-potatoes/
Title:
The Irish Potatoes Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F5127633.jpg
Ingredients:
8 large russet potatoes
1 tablespoon butter
½ small onion, minced
salt and ground black pepper to taste
½ cup butter, melted
½ cup heavy whipping cream
½ cup half-and-half
¼ teaspoon paprika (optional)
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley (optional)

Directions:
Place the potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Cook the potatoes at a boil for 10 minutes; drain. Set potatoes aside to cool.
Once potatoes are cool enough to handle, slide the skin from the potatoes and discard; refrigerate peeled potatoes until completely cold, about 1 hour.
Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease a 9x13-inch baking dish with 1 tablespoon butter.
Grate 2 of the potatoes into the bottom of the prepared baking dish. Sprinkle about 1/4 of the minced onion over the layer of potato; season with salt and black pepper. Repeat layering until all ingredients are used and dish is full.
Drizzle melted butter, whipping cream, and half and half over the potato mixture; season with paprika.
Bake in the preheated oven until the top is bubbling, about 30 minutes.
Garnish with chopped fresh parsley to serve.

Submitter: 
LillyfromPhilly
Description: 
My sister gave me this recipe years ago and it has become a staple of our holiday or 'company is coming' type of dinner. It's easy to assemble and can be prepared ahead of time. It pairs well with beef, ham, or chicken. Leftovers, if there are any, reheat well. Everyone always loves 'The Irish Potatoes.' Yes, I know 'The Irish Potatoes' are fattening, but without the butter, whipping cream, and half and half it is just not as good. Substituting margarine or frozen hash browns would be a travesty.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
26 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.23
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
2 hrs
Number of servings: 
1 hr
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
448 calories
17.8
g fat
67.8
g carbohydrates
6.5
g protein
50
mg cholesterol
118
mg sodium.
