URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220622/guilt-free-cream-of-asparagus-soup/
Title:
Guilt-Free Cream of Asparagus Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1583968.jpg
Ingredients:
2 small boiling potatoes
1/4 cup fat-free sour cream
1 pound asparagus
6 cups vegetable broth
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 cup chopped onion
2 cloves garlic, crushed
1 (8 ounce) package sliced fresh mushrooms
1 clove garlic, crushed
1/4 cup dry white wine (optional)
1 pinch cayenne pepper
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Place the potatoes into a small pot with enough water to cover; bring to a boil, then reduce heat to medium-low, place a cover on the pot, and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes.
Drain the potatoes and transfer to a bowl; add the sour cream and mash lightly; scrape into the bowl of a blender.
Cut asparagus into 3 parts: woody ends, tips, and center pieces.
Combine the woody ends of the asparagus with the vegetable broth in a stockpot; bring to a boil and cook until the woody ends are tender. Remove woody ends with a slotted spoon and discard.
Remove 2 tablespoons broth to a bowl with the asparagus tips. Transfer remainder of stock to blender with the potatoes.
Chop the middle segments of the asparagus.
Heat olive oil in a skillet over low-heat; cook and stir the chopped asparagus, chopped onion, and 2 crushed cloves garlic in the hot oil until the asparagus is tender, about 10 minutes. Add to the broth in the blender, reserving oil in the skillet.
Blend the mixture in the blender on high until smooth and creamy; return to the stockpot.
Cook and stir the sliced mushrooms and 1 crushed garlic clove in the remaining oil over medium-low heat until the mushrooms soften, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the white wine; cook another 1 to 2 minutes. Stir the mushroom mixture into the soup.
Heat the asparagus tips and broth in the microwave for 2 minutes; stir into the soup.
Season the soup with cayenne pepper, salt, and black pepper.

Submitter: 
Lucia Dargis
Description: 
I love this recipe because it is so easy to make and filling. If doing a low-carb diet you can eliminate the potato. I have also substituted the asparagus with broccoli and/or spinach.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Cream Soups
Cream of Potato Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.66666650772095
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
167 calories
5.3
g fat
23.7
g carbohydrates
6
g protein
2
mg cholesterol
485
mg sodium.
