URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220721/butter-garlic-cabbage-and-kluski-noodles/
Title:
Butter Garlic Cabbage and Kluski Noodles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1112217.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (12 ounce) package kluski noodles
3 tablespoons butter
2 tablespoons butter
1 sweet onion, finely chopped
1 tablespoon minced garlic
1 pinch crushed red pepper flakes
1/2 teaspoon dried Italian herb seasoning
1 large head cabbage, cored and finely chopped
1/4 cup water
3 tablespoons butter (optional)
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 pinch garlic powder, or to taste (optional)

Directions:
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil. Stir in kluski noodles and return to a boil. Cook kluski noodles uncovered, stirring occasionally, until tender but still slightly firm, 7 to 10 minutes. Drain well. Return to pot and stir in 3 tablespoons butter until butter has melted and coated the noodles. Set noodles aside.
Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large pot over medium heat; cook and stir sweet onion in butter until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add garlic; cook and stir until fragrant, about 30 seconds.
Thoroughly mix in crushed red pepper flakes and Italian seasoning. Stir cabbage and water into onion mixture until well combined. Cover and cook, stirring often, until cabbage is tender and reduced in volume by about half, 15 to 20 minutes. There should be a small amount of liquid left in pot.
Gently stir the buttered kluski noodles into the cabbage mixture until well combined. For a more buttery flavor, stir in 3 more tablespoons butter if desired; season to taste with salt, black pepper, and garlic powder.

Submitter: 
jillerinbott
Description: 
Buttery, garlicky cabbage and noodles! I have found this to work with other vegetables as well. Instead of cabbage, use spinach, collards, or any other leafy vegetable that wilts well. What doesn't taste good with garlic and butter?
Categories:
Side Dish

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
416 calories
18.1
g fat
55.1
g carbohydrates
11.2
g protein
88
mg cholesterol
160
mg sodium.
