URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220794/caribbean-coconut-chicken-bites/
Title:
Caribbean Coconut Chicken Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/2493297.jpg
Ingredients:
4 thin slices prosciutto
4 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - pounded to 1/4-inch thickness
1 ripe mango - peeled and cut into eight 1-inch wide strips
1 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon curry powder
1/8 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/8 teaspoon finely crumbled dried thyme
2 eggs, beaten
2 cups unsweetened shredded coconut
vegetable oil for deep frying, or as needed
1 lime, juiced
1 lime, cut into wedges

Directions:
Place a prosciutto slice on each chicken breast. Trim prosciutto to fit inside the chicken breast with a 1/2-inch border of chicken.
Place 2 slices mango in the center of each prosciutto slice.
Roll the chicken breast lengthwise to completely enclose the mango and prosciutto. Tuck and pinch the ends to seal rolls tightly.
Arrange chicken rolls on a baking sheet and refrigerate until very firm, about 30 minutes.
Combine flour, salt, curry powder, black pepper, and thyme in a bowl. Pour mixture onto a plate.
Pour beaten eggs onto a separate plate.
Sprinkle coconut onto a third plate.
Slice chicken rolls into 1 to 1 1/2-inch pieces.
Roll chicken in the flour mixture and shake off any excess flour.
Coat chicken in the beaten egg until completely covered; allow excess egg to drip off.
Roll chicken in coconut.
Arrange the coated chicken rolls on a plate in a single layer. Cover and refrigerate to allow coating to set, 15 minutes.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Heat enough vegetable oil in a deep, heavy skillet to immerse chicken rolls. Turn heat to medium.
Fry half the chicken rolls in the hot oil until golden brown, about 4 minutes.
Remove chicken rolls with a slotted spoon and drain on several layers of paper towels. Repeat with remaining chicken rolls.
Place chicken rolls on a baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until chicken is no longer pink in the center and juices run clear, about 10 minutes.
Splash chicken rolls with lime juice and serve alongside lime wedges.

Submitter: 
Jerri Reed
Description: 
This recipe translates into finger food and hors d'oeuvres as easily as it is served for a main course.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Tapas

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
420 calories
30
g fat
22.1
g carbohydrates
17.9
g protein
83
mg cholesterol
270
mg sodium.
