URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220815/spinach-stuffed-portobello-mushrooms-with-avocado/
Title:
Spinach Stuffed Portobello Mushrooms with Avocado Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1126004.jpg
Ingredients:
6 sun-dried tomatoes
4 large portobello mushrooms, stems reserved and gills removed
extra-virgin olive oil, or as needed
1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano
sea salt to taste
ground black pepper to taste
1 large red bell pepper, cut into 1-inch pieces
2 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped
1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil
2 (10 ounce) bags fresh spinach leaves
3 large avocados - peeled, pitted, and diced
1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Soak sun-dried tomatoes in a bowl of hot water until softened, about 20 minutes. Drain.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Rub the caps of the portobello mushrooms with 2 tablespoons olive oil, or as needed; arrange mushrooms gill sides up on the prepared baking sheet. Season mushrooms with oregano, sea salt, and black pepper.
Bake mushrooms in the preheated oven until tender, 8 to 10 minutes.
Place the mushroom stems, sun-dried tomatoes, red bell pepper, and garlic cloves in a food processor; pulse until finely chopped.
Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir sun-dried tomato mixture in the hot oil until fragrant, about 2 minutes.
Stir spinach into the skillet; cover, reduce heat to medium-low, and cook until spinach is wilted, about 3 minutes more, stirring occasionally. Drain excess liquid from skillet.
Spoon spinach mixture over baked mushroom caps.
Divide diced avocado atop stuff mushrooms and sprinkle with Parmesan cheese to serve.

Submitter: 
tamiru
Description: 
These mushrooms are delicious on their own, or put them on toasted sourdough bread with Dijon mustard for a great veggie sandwich. Use a mixture of chopped fresh Italian herbs (oregano, basil, thyme, and parsley).
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Vegetable
Mushrooms
Stuffed Mushrooms

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.125
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
539 calories
43.8
g fat
34.1
g carbohydrates
14
g protein
4
mg cholesterol
364
mg sodium.
