URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220830/spicy-and-savory-slow-cooker-beef-ragout/
Title:
Spicy and Savory Slow Cooker Beef Ragout Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning blend (such as Tony Chachere's®)
1 pound cubed lean beef stew meat
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 (16 ounce) package frozen stew vegetables, thawed
4 cups beef broth
1 pound fresh morel mushrooms, sliced
1 (10 ounce) can diced tomatoes and green chiles (such as RO*TEL® Mild)
1 (8 ounce) can tomato sauce
1/2 cup chopped fresh basil
2 tablespoons garlic, minced
1 tablespoon herbes de Provence (optional)
2 bay leaves
1/2 cup Merlot wine
sea salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Combine flour and Cajun seasoning in a resealable plastic bag.
Pat stew meat pieces dry with paper towels; place meat, a few pieces at a time, into the bag. Seal the bag and shake several times to coat beef with seasoned flour. Set seasoned beef aside; repeat with remaining meat.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook the meat in batches until browned on all sides, stirring often.
Place stew vegetables, beef broth, morel mushrooms, diced tomatoes with green chiles, tomato sauce, basil, garlic, herbe de Provence, and bay leaves in a large slow cooker set on High setting.
Stir the browned beef into the stew, cover, and cook until beef is tender, about 6 hours.
Reduce slow cooker setting to Low and stir in Merlot wine. Cover cooker and cook until wine is slightly reduced and flavors have blended, about 30 more minutes. Season with sea salt and black pepper.

Submitter: 
Edie Talley
Description: 
This 'set it and forget it' recipe is always a big hit at my house. The diced tomatoes and green chilies, fresh basil, fresh mushrooms, and Merlot make this more than an everyday beef stew - it's a gourmet ragout. This is one of those dishes that actually tastes better the next day, after the flavors have had a chance to blend together. If possible, make ahead, refrigerate overnight, then heat and serve the next day. Serve over cooked rice. Enjoy!
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Stews
Beef

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.33333349227905
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
7 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
174 calories
5.7
g fat
16.3
g carbohydrates
12.4
g protein
24
mg cholesterol
765
mg sodium.
