URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220985/traditional-muhammara-syrian-hot-pepper-dip/
Title:
Traditional Muhammara (Syrian Hot Pepper Dip) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3736530.jpg
Ingredients:
2 sweet bell peppers, seeded and quartered
3 slices whole wheat bread, crusts removed
3/4 cup toasted walnuts, chopped
2 tablespoons lemon juice
2 tablespoons Aleppo pepper
2 teaspoons pomegranate molasses
1 clove garlic, minced
1 teaspoon cumin seeds, coarsely ground
salt to taste
1/2 cup olive oil
1 pinch sumac powder

Directions:
Set oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.
Place the bell peppers with cut sides down onto the prepared baking sheet; roast under the preheated broiler until the skin of the peppers has blackened and blistered, 5 to 8 minutes.
Toast the bread slices in a toaster and let cool; place into a resealable plastic bag, squeeze out air, seal bag, and crush with a rolling pin to make crumbs.
Transfer peppers to a bowl and tightly seal with plastic wrap. Set aside until the skins of the peppers are loose, about 15 minutes; remove and discard skins. Mash the peeled peppers with a fork.
Combine mashed peppers, bread crumbs, walnuts, lemon juice, Aleppo pepper, pomegranate molasses, garlic, cumin, and salt in a food processor; pulse the mixture a few times to blend before running at lowest setting. Slowly stream olive oil into the pepper mixture as it blends until integrated completely; transfer mixture to a serving dish. Sprinkle sumac over the mixture to serve.

Submitter: 
James
Description: 
This is a traditional hot pepper dip/spread from Aleppo, Syria. It is quite popular in eastern Mediterranean dishes, especially Turkey. This is very traditional and authentic, and I am sure you will enjoy! Serve with traditional Turkish pide (or your favorite flat bread) or spread on crackers.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Spicy

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
236 calories
21.6
g fat
9.3
g carbohydrates
3.7
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
53
mg sodium.
