URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220904/creamy-southern-shrimp-and-cheese-grits/
Title:
Creamy Southern Shrimp and Cheese Grits Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1054351.jpg
Ingredients:
3 1/2 cups water
1 cup quick-cooking grits
3 ounces farmers cheese
2 ounces goat cheese
1 slice American cheese
2 tablespoons butter
2 teaspoons vegetable oil
1 large tomato, diced
2 green onions, sliced
1 clove garlic, minced
1 teaspoon bacon drippings, or to taste (optional)
1 pound fresh shrimp - peeled, deveined, and tails removed
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1/4 cup half-and-half, or more to taste
1 tablespoon dry sherry
1 green onion (green tops only), sliced

Directions:
Bring water to a boil in a large saucepan and slowly whisk in grits; reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until thickened and tender, 5 to 7 minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir farmers cheese, goat cheese, and American cheese into grits until cheese has melted. Set grits aside and keep warm.
Melt butter with vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir tomato, 2 green onions, and garlic in the hot skillet until the vegetables are tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in bacon drippings until combined. Cook and stir shrimp with vegetables until bright pink, about 5 minutes; season to taste with salt and black pepper.
Mix grits into shrimp mixture and stir in half-and-half until smooth. Simmer the mixture to blend flavors, about 5 minutes, and add  sherry. Simmer 3 more minutes before adjusting salt and black pepper. Garnish with sliced green tops of 1 green onion before serving.

Submitter: 
Bella V.
Description: 
I came up with this recipe when I couldn't find anything else that would satisfy my cravings for a gourmet shrimp and grits without spending a ton of money at restaurants. This is simple and delicious, and is made with things we mostly all have in our homes. Use chicken stock in grits, if you prefer.
Categories:
Side Dish
Grains
Grits

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
255 calories
16.4
g fat
6.7
g carbohydrates
19.6
g protein
154
mg cholesterol
401
mg sodium.
