URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220900/neo-traditional-shrimp-and-grits-meal/
Title:
Neo-Traditional Shrimp and Grits Meal Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 pounds jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined
3 tablespoons Dijon mustard
1 pinch seafood seasoning (such as Old Bay®), or to taste
2 1/2 cups heavy whipping cream
2 1/2 cups chicken stock
1 shallot, finely chopped
3 tablespoons butter
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 cup regular grits, uncooked
salt and ground black pepper to taste
12 slices maple-cured bacon
1 loaf Italian bread
1/4 cup olive oil, divided
3/4 cup shredded Cheddar cheese

Directions:
Preheat oven to 200 degrees F (95 degrees C).
Toss shrimp in a bowl with Dijon mustard until coated and sprinkle with seafood seasoning. Refrigerate shrimp while you complete remaining steps.
Pour cream and chicken stock into a large pot and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low; stir in shallot, butter, garlic powder, and grits. Bring mixture to a simmer and cook until grits have absorbed the liquid and are thick and smooth, about 20 minutes. Season with salt and black pepper.
Place bacon in a large, deep skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain the bacon slices on a paper towel-lined plate.
Wrap Italian bread in aluminum foil and place in preheated oven to heat, about 10 minutes. When bread is hot and the outside is slightly crunchy, slice into triangles. Cut the triangles apart horizontally, place onto a baking sheet, and brush with 2 tablespoons olive oil. Return to oven to toast, about 5 minutes; remove and keep warm.
Pour 2 more tablespoons olive oil into skillet with bacon drippings and place skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir shrimp until pink and no longer translucent inside, about 5 minutes.
Divide grits among 6 serving bowls and arrange cooked shrimp around the edges of the bowls. Place each bowl on a serving plate with 2 slices of bacon and 2 toast triangles. Sprinkle grits with shredded Cheddar cheese.

Submitter: 
Sondra BJ
Description: 
This recipe for shrimp and grits is a combination of suggestions from my friends with a few enhancements of my own. The result is a rich and flavorful shrimp and grits recipe that will have you saying 'Yum!' I know you want to add a ton of cheese and butter, but you have to trust me that you won't need it! I served this dish on Christmas morning with a light lemonade infused with strawberries and mint.
Categories:
Side Dish
Grains
Grits

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.75
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
1055 calories
69
g fat
66.3
g carbohydrates
41.7
g protein
359
mg cholesterol
1922
mg sodium.
