URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/221052/honey-skirt-steak-appetizer-with-horsey-sauce/
Title:
Honey Skirt Steak Appetizer with Horsey Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/879305.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (1/2 pound) trimmed beef skirt steak
2 teaspoons salt, divided
1 teaspoon ground black pepper, divided
2 tablespoons honey, or to taste - divided
2 tablespoons prepared horseradish
2 tablespoons mayonnaise
1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce

Directions:
Pound skirt steak briefly on each side with the textured side of a meat mallet.
Cut a piece of parchment twice as long as the skirt steak; place steak on top half of the paper. Rub top of steak with 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon black pepper; drizzle 1 tablespoon honey in an S-shaped line down the top of the steak.
Fold bottom of the parchment paper up over the steak; flip steak over and peel the parchment paper from the unseasoned side of steak. Repeat seasoning with remaining 1 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon black pepper, and 1 more tablespoon honey.
Fold  parchment paper tightly around  steak, folding the edges over several times so honey can't leak out. Place wrapped steak in a resealable plastic bag. Refrigerate 8 hours to overnight.
Preheat outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil the grate.
Lay steak on the hot grill; grill for 1 minute, then use tongs to flip steak and move to another area of the hot  grate. Continue flipping and moving the steak at 1-minute intervals until the steak is very well seared on both sides, 4 to 5 minutes in all. Inside of meat should still be pink.
Remove steak and wrap in aluminum foil; let rest 5 to 10 minutes before cutting the steak diagonally across the grain into 1/2-inch strips.
Mix horseradish, mayonnaise, and Worcestershire sauce in a bowl; serve as dipping sauce with steak.

Submitter: 
JKana77
Description: 
Every time I serve this, I get phone calls asking for the recipe. So here is the secret to my famous Honey Skirt Steak for all of those that have asked. Told you it is easy! A great before-dinner treat or side dish. If done right, this will blow your socks off. The skirt will have a honey glaze complemented with a nice horseradish sauce. Very easy, very fast, and a load of complements to follows. Horsey Sauce is to your preferred taste. I prefer to cut the horseradish with mayo instead of sour cream - I like a sharper flavor to my sauce. Sour cream could be used, of course.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Meat and Poultry
Beef

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3.5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
8 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
110 calories
6.3
g fat
8.2
g carbohydrates
5.6
g protein
12
mg cholesterol
997
mg sodium.
