URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/221296/carbonara-quesadillas/
Title:
Carbonara Quesadillas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/873653.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound thinly sliced chicken breast meat
½ teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon ground black pepper
2 tablespoons olive oil
14 slices precooked bacon, chopped
1 (8 ounce) package sliced fresh mushrooms
1 cup Alfredo sauce (such as Classico(<sup>&reg;</sup>))
1 teaspoon butter, or more if needed
5 large flour tortillas
2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese

Directions:
Season chicken with salt and black pepper.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir chicken in the hot oil until chicken is fully cooked and no longer pink in the center, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove chicken from skillet and set aside. Pour out any excess grease from the pan.
Cook and stir bacon and mushrooms in the same skillet over medium heat until mushrooms are lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to low.
Slice chicken into bite-size strips.
Stir Alfredo sauce and chicken strips into mushroom mixture; simmer for a few minutes.
Melt butter in a separate large skillet. Place a tortilla in the melted butter.
Scoop about 1/5 chicken alfredo mixture onto 1 half of warm tortilla.
Sprinkle about 1/5 mozzarella cheese over chicken alfredo mixture layer; fold tortilla in half. Cook until bottom of tortilla is lightly browned and mozzarella is melted, 3 to 5 minutes.
Carefully flip quesadilla with a spatula and lightly brown the other side of tortilla, 3 to 5 minutes. Repeat with remaining tortillas and filling.
Slice quesadillas into thirds to serve.

Submitter: 
Tina D
Description: 
Chicken, bacon, mozzarella, mushrooms, and creamy Alfredo sauce are all inside a warm, crunchy quesadilla! Fun and easy to make. Impressively great flavor! Try these tonight!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
7 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.43
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
50 mins
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
971 calories
53.2
g fat
65.8
g carbohydrates
55.8
g protein
140
mg cholesterol
2566
mg sodium.
