URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/221341/nasi-goreng-indonesian-fried-rice/
Title:
Nasi Goreng (Indonesian Fried Rice) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4564841.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup uncooked white rice
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
2 eggs, beaten
salt to taste
1/2 cup onion, chopped
1 teaspoon dried minced garlic
1 teaspoon crushed red pepper
1 tablespoon soy sauce, divided, or to taste
8 grape tomatoes, halved
6 slices cucumber

Directions:
Bring water and rice to a boil in a saucepan. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until rice is tender and liquid has been absorbed, 20 to 25 minutes.
Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat. Pour in eggs. Cook, tilting the pan occasionally, until edges are nearly dry, about 3 minutes. Season with salt. Flip and continue cooking until eggs are set, about 2 minutes more. Flip eggs on to a cutting board; roll up like a crepe and slice into strips.
Place onion, garlic, and red pepper in the same skillet over medium-high heat. Saute until fragrant, about 4 minutes. Add egg strips, 1 1/2 teaspoons soy sauce, and a pinch of salt. Saute until well combined, about 2 minutes.
Mix the rice and remaining soy sauce into the egg mixture. Saute until rice is well coated in sauce, about 3 minutes. Mix in tomatoes. Serve on a plate with cucumbers as garnish.

Submitter: 
hchristie
Description: 
Nasi goreng is basically fried rice for anyone living in a Southeast Asia island. There are so many different types that no one really knows them all (or maybe someone does, but that poor soul has way too much time on his hands). This is the most basic recipe that you can have that still makes something resembling nasi goreng. You can add other ingredients, such as peas, sweet red peppers, shallots, spinach, chicken, shrimp, beef, bean sprouts, or anything else you feel like adding, but you'll have to experiment on your own for those.
Categories:
Main Dish
Rice
Fried Rice

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
59 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
516 calories
13
g fat
84.5
g carbohydrates
15
g protein
186
mg cholesterol
612
mg sodium.
