URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/221571/lettuce-wrapped-appetizers/
Title:
Lettuce-Wrapped Appetizers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
5 dried Chinese black mushrooms
1/2 (8 ounce) package dried rice vermicelli, or to taste, broken into 1-inch pieces
1 tablespoon vegetable oil, or as needed, divided
2 pounds Chinese roasted Peking duck meat, chopped into cubes, or more to taste
vegetable oil for frying
salt and ground black pepper to taste
5 leaves lettuce, halved lengthwise, or more as needed
1/4 cup hoisin sauce

Directions:
Place mushrooms and vermicelli in 2 separate bowls with lukewarm water to cover. Let soak until softened, at least 15 minutes. Drain mushrooms and chop into small cubes. Drain vermicelli.
Heat 1 to 2 teaspoons vegetable oil in a wok over medium-high heat. Add duck; cook, stirring continuously, until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer duck to a bowl.
Heat about 3 inches vegetable oil in a medium-large pot to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Add vermicelli; fry until fritters are crisp and crunchy but not golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes.
Pour the remaining vegetable oil into the wok over medium heat. Add mushrooms; cook and stir until soft, 4 to 5 minutes. Return duck to the wok; cook until heated through, about 2 minutes.
Place vermicelli fritters on a large plate; pour the duck stir-fry on top. To eat, drizzle hoisin sauce on a piece of lettuce; spoon the duck and vermicelli stir fry on top. Hold the lettuce wrap together with your fingers.

Submitter: 
Mendy L
Description: 
This in Chinese is called 'song choi bao.' It's a very nice appetizer for a small party, not too big. Serve with hoisin sauce or duck sauce.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Wraps and Rolls

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
52 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
370 calories
20.4
g fat
22.9
g carbohydrates
24.2
g protein
124
mg cholesterol
217
mg sodium.
