URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/221551/chicken-with-chanterelle-mushrooms-and-marsala-wine/
Title:
Chicken with Chanterelle Mushrooms and Marsala Wine Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/5916895.jpg
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
½ teaspoon paprika
2  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
2 tablespoons butter
½ pound sliced chanterelle mushrooms
4 tablespoons butter
salt and ground black pepper, or to taste
1 cup chicken broth
½ cup dry Marsala wine
1 teaspoon dried tarragon, crushed

Directions:
Stir flour and paprika together in a shallow dish. Remove and set aside 1 tablespoon of the flour mixture for later use. Dredge the chicken in the flour mixture to coat evenly.
Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a skillet over medium heat; cook and stir chanterelle mushrooms in melted butter until they release their liquid and begin to brown, about 5 minutes. Transfer mushrooms to a bowl and set aside.
Melt 4 tablespoons butter in the skillet. Cook the chicken breasts in the melted butter until browned, about 3 minutes per side; season with salt and pepper.
Return the cooked mushrooms to the skillet and stir in chicken broth, reserved 1 tablespoon of flour-paprika mixture, Marsala wine, and dried tarragon. Place a cover on the skillet, reduce heat to low, and cook until the sauce is thick, the chicken is no longer pink in the center, and the juices run clear, about 20 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of a chicken breast should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).

Submitter: 
Kelly
Description: 
A fortunate mistake in forgetting to marinate the chicken in additional ingredients made me come up with this last-minute preparation. It's chanterelle season in Oregon, and I love to use this wild mushroom as often as I can in the fall.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
9 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.56
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
45 mins
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
637 calories
38.4
g fat
24.8
g carbohydrates
29.9
g protein
161
mg cholesterol
337
mg sodium.
