URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/22153/spicy-split-peas-with-vegetables/
Title:
Spicy Split Peas with Vegetables Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
4 cups water
1 cup dried yellow split peas
1 cup uncooked white rice
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
2 tablespoons shredded or flaked coconut
1 teaspoon coriander seeds
1/2 teaspoon fenugreek seeds
1 cinnamon stick, 1/2 inch long
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon ground red pepper
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
3 carrots, diced
2 zucchini, diced
1 onion, finely chopped
1 small eggplant, diced
2 tablespoons water
1 tablespoon tamarind pulp
chopped fresh cilantro

Directions:
Heat 4 cups water and the split peas to boiling in 2-quart saucepan; reduce heat. Cover and simmer 45 minutes.
In a saucepan bring 2 cups water to a boil.  Add rice and stir.  Reduce heat, cover and simmer for 20 minutes.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in 8-inch skillet over medium heat. Cook coconut, coriander, fenugreek and cinnamon in oil, stirring constantly, until coconut is light brown. Remove from heat; stir in salt and red pepper. Crush coconut mixture with mortar and pestle until finely ground; set aside.
Heat 2 tablespoons oil in 12-inch skillet over medium heat. Cook carrots, zucchini, onion and eggplant in oil, stirring occasionally, until tender
Stir 2 tablespoons water into tamarind pulp until softened. Stir tamarind mixture, coconut mixture and peas into vegetable mixture. Cook over low heat, stirring occasionally and adding water if necessary until consistency of thick soup, until hot and well blended. Serve over rice. Garnish with cilantro.

Submitter: 
Betty Crocker®
Description: 
Indian dal is a spiced lentil, split pea, farina or dried bean mixture that is cooked almost to a smooth texture. Sambar takes dal several steps further, adding a variety of fresh vegetables. This version of sambar is flavored with just a sampling of the spices and fruit loved by the Indians: coriander, fenugreek, cinnamon and tamarind.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
292 calories
8.9
g fat
47.4
g carbohydrates
7.7
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
116
mg sodium.
