URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/221851/steak-tartare-thanks-to-fredy/
Title:
Steak Tartare (Thanks to Fredy) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 teaspoons olive oil
2 tablespoons ketchup
1 1/2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce
1 tablespoon Dijon mustard
2 dashes hot pepper sauce (such as Tabasco®), or more to taste
1/4 teaspoon curry powder, or to taste
1 pinch salt
1 pinch ground black pepper
4 anchovy fillets
2 tablespoons finely chopped onion
1 tablespoon finely chopped gherkin
1/2 tablespoon capers, roughly chopped
10 1/2 ounces beef filet, finely chopped by hand
2 egg yolks
1/4 cup beer

Directions:
Put olive oil in a serving bowl. Add ketchup, Worcestershire sauce, Dijon mustard, hot pepper sauce, curry powder, curry powder, salt, and ground pepper. Mix thoroughly.
Crush anchovy fillets on a plate using 2 forks until they are finely separated. Add onion, gherkin, and capers; stir together before scraping into the bowl with the ketchup mixture. Add chopped beef; mix thoroughly. Stir in egg yolks and beer.

Submitter: 
Sonya Jane
Description: 
Tartare is a word that the French give to something with (mostly) raw ingredients that are minced and/or chopped. This is a world-famous, award-winning recipe given to my father by the barman at a deluxe hotel, who would knock this up on demand in record time. And boy, was it in demand! Chop the beef by hand, as machines tend to crush the meat and you end up with a soggy mess. My father's award-winning barman friend (sadly, now no longer with us) actually used 2 knives simultaneously in each hand to do this. He prepared the whole thing, including chopping the meat, in 15 minutes. If he knew he was going to be busy, then he pre-cut and sliced and diced everything beforehand, in which case he served it in less than 5 minutes. Serve with thin, buttered toast.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Seafood

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
15 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
293 calories
22.2
g fat
5.5
g carbohydrates
16
g protein
159
mg cholesterol
501
mg sodium.
