URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/22196743/minestrone-soup/
Title:
Minestrone Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons olive oil
3 cloves garlic, chopped
.5 large yellow onion, chopped
1.5 cups chopped celery
1.5 cups carrots, sliced
3 cups chicken broth
2 cups water
2 15oz cans tomato sauce
1/2 cup red wine
1 can kidney beans, drained
1 can Garbanzo beans, drained
1/4lbs green beans, washed and cut into chunks
2 cups baby spinach, rinsed
3 zucchinis, halved and sliced
1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano
2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil
salt and pepper to taste
1 cup pasta (seashells or rotini)
2 tablespoons grated Parmesan

Directions:
In a large stock pot, over medium heat, heat olive oil and saute onion until  translucent (about 5min).
Add celery, garlic, and carrots, saute until onions are begining to get golden (about 3-5 more min).
Add chicken broth, water, optional wine, and tomato sauce and bring to boil, stirring frequently.
Reduce heat to low and add kidney beans, garbanzo beans, green beans, spinach leaves, zucchini, oregano, basil, salt and pepper. Simmer for 45 minutes to an hour.
If adding pasta, fill a medium saucepan with water, add a few tablespoons of salt, and bring to a boil. Add pasta and cook until al dente. Drain and set aside.
Ladle soup into individual bowls (on top of a small amount of pasta, if desired) and sprinkle parmesan cheese on top. Serve with croutons on top or with crusty bread.

Submitter: 
MAYAESR
Description: 
Delicious classic Minestrone - wayyy better than in a can! Lots of fresh veggies in this one - and you can make it vegan just by using vegetable broth insted of chicken broth. And feel free to use dried basil and oregano. Serve with croutons and grated parmasan on top, or eat with a crusty bread. Eat it without the pasta added for less carbs.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
1.5 h
Number of servings: 
9
Nutritional Facts:
NA
