URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/221994/parkers-perfect-pigskin-chili/
Title:
Parker's Perfect Pigskin Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 (2 1/2 pound) beef roast
4 cups beef stock
2 tablespoons crushed garlic
1 fluid ounce Scotch whiskey (such as Laphroiag®)
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 large onion, diced
2 green bell peppers, diced
2 tablespoons crushed garlic
2 (28 ounce) cans diced tomatoes
1 (14 ounce) can tomato sauce
1/2 cup beef suet (optional)
1 cup New Mexico red chile powder
1/4 cup ground cumin, or more to taste
1/4 cup dried oregano
2 tablespoons dried basil
6 tablespoons fish sauce
2 tablespoons lime juice
1 fluid ounce Scotch whiskey (such as Laphroiag®)
1 tablespoon honey
2 dashes hot pepper sauce, or more to taste
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Brown the beef roast in a large Dutch oven or pot over medium heat, about 5 minutes on each side. Cover beef with beef stock, 2 tablespoons garlic, and 1 fluid ounce Scotch whiskey; braise over low heat until beef is tender, 3 to 4 hours.
Heat olive oil in a large pot over medium heat; cook and stir onion, green bell pepper, and 2 tablespoons garlic in the hot oil until lightly browned, 5 to 8 minutes. Add diced tomatoes, tomato sauce, beef suet, chili powder, cumin, oregano, basil, fish sauce, lime juice, 1 fluid ounce Scotch whiskey, and honey to onion mixture. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer for 3 to 4 hours.
Remove beef from braising liquid and shred. Stir braising liquid and shredded beef into tomato mixture; simmer to blend flavors, about 1 more hour. Season with hot sauce, salt, and black pepper.

Submitter: 
Parker Whittle
Description: 
This is the chili I make for Super Bowl (and many other occasions). I developed the recipe over about a five year period, and it is a huge hit with my friends. The 'secret' ingredients include Thai fish sauce, lime, and whiskey. This recipe takes a long time with multiple steps. You can braise and shred the beef and make the sauce on separate days, and it's definitely better the next day. Garnish with sweet onion, Cheddar cheese, sour cream, and salsa. Serve over rice, beans, or pasta.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Chili
Chili Without Beans

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
7 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
179 calories
11.9
g fat
10.5
g carbohydrates
8.4
g protein
24
mg cholesterol
540
mg sodium.
