URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/221924/avocado-sushi-with-brown-rice/
Title:
Avocado Sushi with Brown Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/2535139.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup uncooked short grain brown rice
2 cups water
1 pinch sea salt
1 tablespoon brown rice vinegar
1 avocado - peeled, pitted, and thinly sliced
1/4 red bell pepper, cut into matchsticks
1/4 cup alfalfa sprouts, or to taste
4 sheets nori (dry seaweed)

Directions:
Rinse and drain brown rice, place into a saucepan over medium heat, and pour in water. Stir in sea salt, bring to a boil, and simmer until rice has absorbed the water, about 45 minutes. Let rice cool until warm; stir in brown rice vinegar. Rice will be slightly sticky.
To roll the sushi, cover a bamboo sushi rolling mat with plastic wrap. Lay a sheet of nori, rough side up, on the plastic wrap. With wet fingers, firmly pat a thick, even layer of brown rice over the nori, leaving top edge about 1/2-inch deep uncovered with rice. Place 1 or 2 slices of avocado and a small amount of red bell pepper strips and alfalfa sprouts in a line along the bottom edge of the sheet.
Pick up the edge of the bamboo rolling sheet, fold the bottom edge of the sheet up, enclosing the vegetables, and tightly roll the sushi into a thick cylinder. Dampen the bare nori edge with a wet finger and seal the roll. Once the sushi is rolled, wrap it in the mat and gently squeeze to compact it tightly. Let rolls rest for a few minutes before cutting each roll into 6 pieces for serving.

Submitter: 
Heather: Healthy Vegan Recipes
Description: 
This avocado sushi recipe  goes over the basics of sushi rolling so that you can make your own amazing brown rice  sushi. It might take some practice to get the hang of rolling, but it's worth it. Short grain brown rice is sticky enough to use instead of white sushi rice, but long grain brown rice will not work. Use apple cider vinegar if you can't find brown rice vinegar. Bowls of tamari (or soy sauce), pickled ginger and wasabi are commonly served alongside for dipping.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Japanese

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
258 calories
8.4
g fat
41.4
g carbohydrates
5.3
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
89
mg sodium.
