URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222272/tangy-rhubarb-salsa/
Title:
Tangy Rhubarb Salsa Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/832137.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups thinly sliced rhubarb
1 small red onion, coarsely chopped
1 large green bell pepper, seeded and coarsely chopped
1 large red bell pepper, seeded and coarsely chopped
1 large yellow bell pepper, seeded and coarsely chopped
1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and coarsely chopped - or to taste
1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro
3 roma (plum) tomatoes, finely diced
2 teaspoons brown sugar
5 tablespoons Key lime juice
2 teaspoons coarse salt
1 pinch garlic powder, or to taste
ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Stir rhubarb into a large pot of boiling water and cook for 10 seconds. Quickly drain rhubarb and rinse with cold water until cool; transfer rhubarb to a large bowl.
Place red onion, green, red, and yellow bell peppers, jalapeno pepper, and cilantro into a food processor and pulse 3 or 4 times to finely chop; transfer pepper mixture to bowl with rhubarb. Stir in roma tomatoes.
Dissolve brown sugar in Key lime juice in a bowl; lightly stir lime juice mixture into rhubarb mixture. Sprinkle salsa with salt, garlic powder, and black pepper and stir salsa again. Refrigerate at least 3 hours to blend flavors.

Submitter: 
Miss Diane
Description: 
This is a recipe I came up with while trying to figure out what to do with an over-abundance of rhubarb. I'm not fond of sugary, syrupy rhubarb sauces but I love rhubarb and I love salsa, so I figured why not put them together! Just grab a bag of tortilla chips, or better yet make your own, and enjoy! Feel free to adjust ingredients to your liking. Don't like jalapenos? Don't use them. Mix and match peppers however you like, just be sure to use 3 of them. Also, I prefer Nellie and Joe's® lime juice because it's a bit more tart than regular bottled or fresh-squeezed lime juice, but if you can't find it that's fine, just use what you have.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Dips and Spreads
Salsa

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.89473676681519
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
26 calories
0.2
g fat
6.1
g carbohydrates
0.9
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
392
mg sodium.
