URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222353/corn-cob-puppies-corn-dogs/
Title:
Corn Cob Puppies (Corn Dogs) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/882596.jpg
Ingredients:
8  bun-length hot dogs (such as Gwaltney(<sup>&reg;</sup>) Bun Sized Jumbo Franks)
1 quart vegetable oil for frying
2 cups all-purpose flour
1 cup corn meal
1 cup buttermilk
2  large eggs
2 tablespoons white sugar
2 tablespoons bacon drippings
2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons baking powder
1 pinch garlic powder
8  sturdy bamboo skewers

Directions:
Place hot dogs into a large pot of simmering water and keep hot.
Heat vegetable oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Whisk flour, corn meal, buttermilk, eggs, sugar, bacon drippings, salt, baking powder, and garlic powder in a large bowl until moistened; beat batter until smooth, 2 to 3 minutes.
Remove a hot dog from the water and blot completely dry with paper towels; skewer the hot dog lengthwise with a bamboo skewer. Using the skewer end as a handle, roll the hot dog in the batter to thoroughly coat.
Roll the corn dog in the hot oil with the same continuous rolling motion, setting the batter; continue to roll the corn dog in the hot oil until deep golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Alternately, lay corn dog into hot oil after initial rolling to finish cooking the batter, about 1 minute per side. Drain corn dogs on paper towels to blot excess oil.

Submitter: 
Lewis Miller
Description: 
This is my own tried and true original corn dog recipe that I have tweaked and modified to my own personal taste. If you like fair dogs, you will love these! After cooking, place corn dog on a towel on a paper plate or wrap in a towel, top with mustard or ketchup, and enjoy!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
8 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
40 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
519 calories
32.6
g fat
43.6
g carbohydrates
13.1
g protein
96
mg cholesterol
1440
mg sodium.
