URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222339/butternut-mascarpone-gnocchi/
Title:
Butternut Mascarpone Gnocchi Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1597278.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound butternut squash
1 cup mascarpone cheese
1/2 cup finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese
2 large eggs
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 cup all-purpose flour, divided
1/2 cup unsalted butter
1 pinch cayenne pepper
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1/4 cup thinly sliced fresh sage leaves
1 tablespoon finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese

Directions:
Trim stem and cut butternut squash in half lengthwise. Place in a microwave-safe dish, cover with plastic wrap, and microwave until tender, about 8 minutes. Transfer to paper towels to cool. Discard skin and set squash aside.
Whisk mascarpone cheese, 1/2 cup Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, eggs, salt, and black pepper in a bowl until smooth. Whisk in butternut squash until blended.
Whisk in 1/2 cup flour until just incorporated. Whisk in remaining 1/2 cup flour, stirring until flour just disappears. Cover and refrigerate for at least 8 hours or overnight.
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.
Melt about 1/3 of the butter in large nonstick skillet; remove from heat.
Scoop out approximately 1 1/2 teaspoons of the butternut squash dough with a spoon. Using a second spoon, push the dough off the first spoon and into the boiling water. Repeat with remaining dough, working in batches of 12 to 15 gnocchi at a time. When a gnocchi rise to the surface, cook for 1 additional minute, then transfer with a slotted spoon to the melted butter in the skillet.
Place the skillet over medium-high heat; cook gnocchi until golden brown on one side, about 3 minutes. Season with cayenne pepper, salt, and black pepper. Turn gnocchi over and stir in sage leaves. Cook until second side is golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to plate and drizzle with browned butter from the skillet. Garnish with 1 tablespoon Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese and serve.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
When I tell people I don't like gnocchi, I always have to clarify that I'm talking about the traditional, potato-dough style dumplings, and not the much easier and lighter, cheese-based versions, like this one featuring butternut squash and mascarpone cheese. Prepare your palate for some incredibly light, tender, and delicious gnocchi.
Categories:
Main Dish
Dumplings

Number of ratings:
43 Ratings
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
9 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
232 calories
18.4
g fat
12.8
g carbohydrates
5.4
g protein
78
mg cholesterol
385
mg sodium.
