URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222455/verde-chilaquiles/
Title:
Verde Chilaquiles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/4561856.jpg
Ingredients:
10  tomatillos, husked and rinsed
2  fresh jalapeno peppers, sliced
⅓ cup chopped cilantro
3 cloves garlic, crushed
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
¾ pound shredded cooked chicken breast, or more to taste
½  red onion, thinly sliced
⅓ cup sliced black olives, or more to taste
2 tablespoons cilantro leaves
1 (8 ounce) package tortilla chips, or as needed
¼ cup crumbled cotija cheese, or to taste

Directions:
Place tomatillos in a saucepan with water to cover; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low; simmer until color begins to lighten and fruit is soft to the touch, 10 to 15 minutes.
Transfer tomatillos to a food processor or blender. Add jalapenos, 1/3 cup cilantro, garlic, salt, and pepper; blend until smooth. Cover with plastic wrap. Refrigerate at least 2 hours for best flavor.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir chicken and onion until onions begin to brown, about 10 minutes. Add olives; cook for 5 minutes. Add cilantro; cook and stir until wilted, about 1 minute more. Remove from heat.
Line the bottom of a 8-inch square casserole dish with 2 to 3 layers of tortilla chips, breaking chips slightly. Add half of the sauce; toss with chips. Top with chicken mixture and the remaining sauce. Sprinkle cotija cheese on top.
Bake in the preheated oven until tortilla chips are softened, 15 to 25 minutes.

Submitter: 
oceanman99507
Description: 
This recipe was something I made up after having some sub-par chilaquiles at my favorite local breakfast place. This is my favorite Mexican breakfast dish and is great for a light dinner as well, serve with refried beans and some pico de gallo and you'll be craving for more! Garnish with more cilantro and sour cream. Great for leftover salsa verde or stale tortilla chips, perfect for a family brunch or other special breakfast occasion.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
2 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
3 hrs 16 mins
Number of servings: 
2 hrs
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
384 calories
20.7
g fat
30.4
g carbohydrates
20.6
g protein
48
mg cholesterol
354
mg sodium.
