URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222478/turkey-mole-poblano/
Title:
Turkey Mole Poblano Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4561851.jpg
Ingredients:
2 dried pasilla chiles
2 dried guajillo chilies
2 dried ancho chile peppers
1 dried cascabel chile
1 dried morita chile
3 large Roma tomatoes
3/4 cup vegetable oil, divided
1 large white onion, diced
5 cloves garlic, crushed
4 whole cloves
1/2 teaspoon sesame seeds
1/4 teaspoon coriander seeds
1/3 cup sweetened dried cranberries (such as Craisins®)
1/3 cup unsalted peanuts
1/3 cup chopped almonds
2 (6 inch) corn tortillas
3/4 Mexican hot chocolate drink tablet (such as Nestle® Abuelita)
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground white pepper
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin
1/2 teaspoon dried Mexican oregano
1 1/4 cups turkey stock
1 cinnamon stick
2 pounds leftover turkey meat, or to taste

Directions:
Heat about 3 cups water in a microwave-safe bowl for 3 minutes.
Heat a griddle or comal over medium heat. Toast pasilla chiles, guajillo chiles, ancho chiles, cascabel chile, and morita chile for about 1 minute. Turn chiles over and toast until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove stems and seeds. Place chiles in the bowl of water; cover and let soak, 10 to 15 minutes.
Place tomatoes on the hot griddle. Cook until blackened on all sides, 10 to 15 minutes. Transfer to a blender.
Heat 1/4 cup oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add onion and garlic; cook and stir until onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Transfer onion and garlic to the blender using tongs, tilting the skillet to reserve the oil.
Toast cloves, sesame seeds, and coriander seeds in the hot skillet until fragrant and lightly browned, 30 to 60 seconds. Place in the blender. Cook cranberries in the skillet until toasted, about 1 minute; place in the blender.
Pour an additional 1/4 cup oil in the skillet; reheat over medium heat. Stir in peanuts and almonds; cook and stir until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add to the blender, reserving oil in the skillet.
Place tortillas in the hot skillet; increase heat to medium-high. Fry until slightly crisped, about 1 minute; place on a plate. Add the remaining oil and chocolate tablet to the skillet; cook and stir until melted, about 2 minutes. Pour into the blender.
Place softened chiles and 1/3 of the soaking liquid into the blender. Add salt, white pepper, cumin, and oregano. Blend until smooth. Tear tortillas and add to blender; blend mole until smooth.
Pour mixture into a large pot over low heat. Stir in broth slowly and add cinnamon stick. Simmer until slightly thickened and flavors meld, about 1 hour. Remove cinnamon stick. Pour mole over reheated turkey.

Submitter: 
Sherbear1
Description: 
Moles come in various flavors and ingredients, with chili peppers as the common factor. However, the classic mole version is the variety called mole poblano, which is a dark red or brown sauce served over meat. This is a version that works great to help use up that extra turkey on Thanksgiving. We also make this every year for our Christmas dinner with my husbands family. Sprinkle sesame seeds over mole if desired. Garnish with onions and limes. Serve with rice on the sides and tostadas or tortillas.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Sauces
Mole Sauce

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
2 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
519 calories
21.4
g fat
31.9
g carbohydrates
51.4
g protein
115
mg cholesterol
582
mg sodium.
