URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222488/zippy-posole-pozole-soup/
Title:
Zippy Posole (Pozole) Soup Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F5891051.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 pound bone-in pork chops
1  skinless, boneless chicken breast half
2  Hatch green chile peppers, diced
1  onion, diced
2  jalapeno peppers, seeded and diced
3 cloves garlic
6 cups chicken stock, divided
8 ounces salsa verde
3 (15.5 ounce) cans hominy, drained and rinsed
2 tablespoons ground cumin
1 tablespoon New Mexico chile powder
1 teaspoon ground coriander
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 cups thinly sliced cabbage
1 cup plain Greek yogurt
1 bunch cilantro
6  radishes, sliced thinly

Directions:
Heat oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add pork, chicken, Hatch chile peppers, onion, jalapeno peppers, and garlic. Saute, turning meat, until lightly brown, about 8 minutes.
Pour 2 cups stock into pot; add enough water to cover meat by 3/4 inch. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, covered, for 45 minutes. Remove pork and chicken and place on a plate; let cool until safe to handle. Remove garlic cloves, mash, and add back to soup.
Shred pork and chicken into small chunks. Add salsa to the pot. Let soup simmer for 15 to 30 minutes more.
Place hominy, shredded meat, remaining 4 cups stock, New Mexico chile powder, coriander, salt, and pepper into the pot of soup. Bring to a boil; reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, at least 30 minutes.
Serve with cabbage, yogurt, cilantro, and radishes to garnish.

Submitter: 
MagnetGuy
Description: 
This is a flavorful, somewhat spicy version of New Mexican pozole soup made with readily available ingredients. A variety of peppers can be substituted to make it more or less spicy, according to your own tastes.  We typically serve it with the listed garnishes, tearing the cilantro leaves from the stems right at the table (much like basil leaves and Vietnamese pho). The Greek yogurt is a healthier choice to sour cream, although sour cream would also be very tasty! Great fall and winter fare, served with warm tortillas or tortilla chips. (Leftovers are wonderful, but good luck with that!)
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
2 hrs 18 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
327 calories
12.5
g fat
31.9
g carbohydrates
20.8
g protein
53
mg cholesterol
1033
mg sodium.
