URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222501/fish-tamales/
Title:
Fish Tamales Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
50 dried corn husks
1 (4 ounce) can chopped roasted green chile peppers
1/4 cup lemon juice
5 teaspoons hot sauce (such as Cholula®)
5 cloves garlic, pressed, divided
1 tablespoon finely minced white onion
1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil
5 pounds tilapia fillets
3 roasted red peppers, drained and chopped
5 bay leaves
1 tablespoon kosher salt
2 teaspoons ground black pepper
1 teaspoon cayenne pepper
2 cups coarsely chopped green cabbage
1/4 cup finely shredded red cabbage
3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar
2 tablespoons whole-grain mustard
1 (2 pound) package masa harina
2 tablespoons lard
1 teaspoon baking powder
2 cups water
5 tablespoons chili powder

Directions:
Soak corn husks in water for at least 1 hour. Drain.
Combine green chiles, lemon juice, hot sauce, 1 garlic clove, and onion in a blender and blend. Add olive oil slowly, blending sauce on low speed.
Place tilapia on a griddle over medium heat. Top fillets with roasted red peppers and 1 bay leaf each. Pour sauce evenly over the fish. Add 3 garlic cloves, salt, pepper, and cayenne pepper. Cook for 5 minutes; flip and cook until lightly browned, about 3 minutes more. Remove sauce and reserve in a bowl. Transfer tilapia to a separate bowl and mash.
Combine green cabbage, red cabbage, vinegar, and mustard in a bowl. Combine the reserved sauce, masa, lard, and baking powder in a large bowl; mix well. Add water, 1 teaspoon at a time, until the mixture is as thick as biscuit dough. Divide dough into 50 equal-sized balls.
Flatten balls into circles using a tortilla press or 2 cutting boards and 2 sheets of waxed paper. Place a circle into a soaked and drained corn husk; add 1 1/2 ounces of fish mix in a line parallel with the husk. Top with a small amount of cabbage. Fold sides of dough over the filling and roll the husk around the tamale, folding in 1 end after rolling. Repeat with remaining husks, fish, and cabbage.
Combine water, chili powder, and remaining 2 garlic cloves in a saucepan with a steamer basket; bring to a boil. Stand tamales in basket with the folded ends down. Cover and steam for 20 minutes. Remove from heat and remove tamales from husks.

Submitter: 
Marvin Howard
Description: 
Seafood version of the classic. Top with chili sauce and sour cream, if desired.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Latin American
Mexican

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
2 h 28 m
Number of servings: 
25
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
267 calories
6.3
g fat
30.5
g carbohydrates
22.6
g protein
34
mg cholesterol
442
mg sodium.
