URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222507/traditional-slovak-haluski/
Title:
Traditional Slovak Haluski Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/835392.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound bacon
4 small potatoes, peeled and coarsely chopped
1 cup all-purpose flour
2 eggs, beaten
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 pinch salt
2 cups shredded Wisconsin brick cheese

Directions:
Cook bacon in a large skillet over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain the bacon slices on paper towels. When bacon is cool, crumble and set aside.
Place potatoes into a food processor and process until pureed, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and stir in flour, eggs, baking powder, and salt to make a sticky dough. Set dough aside.
Fill a large pot about half full of lightly salted water and bring to a boil. Ladle large spoonfuls of the sticky dough to a small cutting board and use a knife to chop the dough into tablespoon-size pieces; as you cut off a piece, drop it into the boiling water. Let the dumplings boil over medium heat until they float, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove dumplings with a slotted spoon to a large serving bowl.
Sprinkle bacon crumbles and a handful of shredded brick cheese over each batch of dumplings; continue to make, boil, and transfer dumplings to the bowl, sprinkling each batch with bacon and brick cheese. When all dumplings are made, gently stir the haluski to mix all ingredients.

Submitter: 
WickedCreations
Description: 
This has been in my family for generations coming from Czechoslovakia. Traditionally, it is mixed with goat cheese from Czechoslovakia but since it's not available here in the States, we use brick cheese or feta. We eat this as a main meal but can be served as a side. Serve as is or add kielbasa on the side or slice up kielbasa and mix it in with haluski! Serve with warm crusty bread.
Categories:
Main Dish
Dumplings

Number of ratings:
9 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.77777767181396
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
346 calories
17.6
g fat
28
g carbohydrates
18.4
g protein
94
mg cholesterol
661
mg sodium.
