URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222670/cauliflower-and-potato-stir-fry---east-indian-recipe/
Title:
Cauliflower and Potato Stir-Fry - East Indian Recipe Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7031995.jpg
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons canola oil
2 teaspoons cumin seeds
1 teaspoon caraway seeds
1/2 red onion, chopped
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 head cauliflower, cut into florets with 1-inch stalks
1 large potato, diced
1 teaspoon red chili powder
1 teaspoon ground turmeric
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro, or to taste

Directions:
Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat; add cumin and caraway seeds until they begin to pop and oil bubbles, 1 to 2 minutes. Cook and stir onion and garlic in the hot oil until onion is soft and translucent, 5 to 10 minutes.
Stir cauliflower and potato into onion mixture to coat with oil. Add chili powder, turmeric, and salt; stir to coat vegetables.
Cover skillet and cook vegetables over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally, until cauliflower and potatoes are softened, about 20 minutes. Sprinkle with cilantro.

Submitter: 
sugarFiend
Description: 
This is a quick and delicious recipe that goes well with white rice by itself, or with white rice and lentils. Its filling and doesn't require too much salt or oil. A drier version can be eaten with flat bread, naan, or pita. Reduce chili powder for a kid-friendly meal. Fast-cooking vegetables such as beans, peas and corn can be added for extra crunch and color. You can use white onion instead of the more pungent red if you prefer. If you find the vegetables catching bottom without being fully cooked, add half a cup of water and replace lid. Once cooked, remove lid and cook on very low till the water evaporates.
Categories:
Fruits and Vegetables
Vegetables
Cauliflower
Fried

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
220 calories
11.2
g fat
27.6
g carbohydrates
5.5
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
641
mg sodium.
