URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222799/summer-salad-with-grilled-shrimp-and-pineapple-in-champagne-vinaigrette/
Title:
Summer Salad with Grilled Shrimp and Pineapple in Champagne Vinaigrette Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/989803.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 cup Carapelli Premium 100% Italian Extra Virgin Olive Oil
2 tablespoons Champagne vinegar or sherry vinegar
2 teaspoons Dijon mustard
1/4 teaspoon coarse sea salt or kosher salt
1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 pound uncooked large shrimp, peeled and deveined
1/2 fresh pineapple, peeled and cored, cut lengthwise into 4 slabs
8 cups mixed field greens or baby greens
3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil or tarragon leaves

Directions:
Heat a grill to medium-high heat or have a ridged grill pan ready. For vinaigrette, whisk together oil, vinegar, mustard, salt and pepper in a small bowl. Transfer 3 tablespoons of the mixture to a pie plate or shallow plate. Stir pepper flakes and garlic into oil mixture on plate.
(Sneak a quick dip of artisan bread into the mixture - so good!)
Add shrimp to plate; toss with oil mixture. Thread shrimp onto metal skewers or soaked bamboo skewers. Brush oil mixture from plate over skewers. Transfer skewers to grill; discard marinade on plate. Add pineapple to grill. Grill shrimp and pineapple (or cook shrimp in a heated ridged grill pan over medium heat and grill pineapple in pan after shrimp is removed) 4 minutes. Turn skewers and pineapple over; continue grilling 4 to 5 minutes or until shrimp are opaque.
Meanwhile, toss mixed greens with remaining vinaigrette; arrange on four large serving plates. Carve pineapple crosswise into 1/2 inch thick slices; arrange over salads. Remove shrimp from skewers; arrange over salads. Top with basil.

Submitter: 
Carapelli® Olive Oil
Description: 
Freshen up your grill with this mouthwatering summer salad recipe from Carapelli Extra Virgin Olive Oil. Made for sharing, this salad is savory, sweet and all-together amazing.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
Carapelli&#174; Olive Oil

Number of ratings:
8 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.125
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
264 calories
15.4
g fat
13
g carbohydrates
20.8
g protein
173
mg cholesterol
400
mg sodium.
