URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222713/roasted-red-pepper-and-feta-bruschetta/
Title:
Roasted Red Pepper and Feta Bruschetta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1870079.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (12 inch) baguette, cut into 1/2-inch thick slices
1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil for brushing, or as needed
1 red bell pepper, halved and seeded
1 (4 ounce) package crumbled feta cheese with basil and sun-dried tomatoes
1/4 cup thinly sliced cherry tomatoes
6 kalamata olives, pitted and chopped
2 tablespoons minced green onion
1 tablespoon basil pesto
1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil
1 teaspoon lemon juice
1 clove garlic, minced
1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese, divided

Directions:
Preheat the oven's broiler and set the oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source.
Brush both sides of each baguette slice with extra-virgin olive oil. Arrange baguette slices on a baking sheet and toast under the broiler, about 1 minute per side; watch carefully to avoid burning. Remove toasted slices and set aside on baking sheet.
Place red pepper halves, cut sides down, on a baking sheet; broil until skin is charred and blistered, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer pepper halves to a bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Let peppers cool and strip off and discard blackened skin. Chop the roasted peppers.
Mix chopped roasted red pepper, feta cheese, cherry tomatoes, kalamata olives, green onion, pesto, 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, lemon juice, and garlic together in a bowl. Top each bread slice with about 1 tablespoon of the mixture and sprinkle each appetizer lightly with Parmesan cheese.
Place bruschetta on baking sheet under broiler just until the topping is lightly browned and bubbly, about 1 to 2 minutes.

Submitter: 
Jessica
Description: 
I'm not a big fan of bruschetta, but I love this recipe, and so does everyone I've made it for! This is just as good as anything from a restaurant. This recipe takes longer the first few times you do it, before you really get the hang of it. It is a bit of work, but trust me, it's worth it! Most likely, you won't have leftovers.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Bruschetta

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
73 calories
4.8
g fat
5.3
g carbohydrates
2.1
g protein
5
mg cholesterol
138
mg sodium.
