URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222803/chicken-chow-mein-west-indian-style/
Title:
Chicken Chow Mein (West Indian Style) Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F924350.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (8 ounce) package egg noodles
½ cup vegetable oil for frying, or as needed
2  chile peppers, chopped
1  onion, finely chopped
1 clove garlic, minced
1 (1 1/2 inch) piece ginger root, cut into strips
5 tablespoons dark soy sauce
2  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, chopped
1  green bell pepper, cut into strips
2 large carrots, cut into strips
1 tablespoon ground white pepper
5 tablespoons dark soy sauce
¼ cup chopped fresh cilantro, or more to taste
salt to taste (optional)
4  green onions, finely chopped

Directions:
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook egg noodles in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until cooked through but firm to the bite, about 5 minutes. Drain.
Heat vegetable oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add chile peppers, onion, garlic, and ginger; cook until fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Add 5 tablespoons dark soy sauce; fry for 1 more minute.
Cook and stir chicken in the onion mixture over high heat until chicken is no longer pink in the center, 5 to 7 minutes. Add green bell pepper and carrots and cook until softened, about 5 more minutes.
Gently fold noodles into chicken mixture. Mix in white pepper, 5 more tablespoons dark soy sauce, and cilantro until heated through, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle with green onion to serve.

Submitter: 
Tatiana
Description: 
In the West Indies we eat chicken chow mein with lots of chile. It's usually served with plain rice. This dish has tons of flavor and is a bit different from what you'd get in a Chinese restaurant.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
8 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.38
Prep time: 
35 mins
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
380 calories
7
g fat
55.5
g carbohydrates
24.6
g protein
81
mg cholesterol
2328
mg sodium.
