URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222840/rhubarb-chipotle-sausage/
Title:
Rhubarb-Chipotle Sausage Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/844835.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups rhubarb, cut into 1/2-inch pieces
1 (7 ounce) can chipotle peppers in adobo sauce
1/4 cup ruby port wine
2 tablespoons white sugar
5 pounds ground pork
2 teaspoons salt, or to taste
2 teaspoons ground black pepper, or to taste
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
30 dried corn husks, or as needed
kitchen twine

Directions:
Bring rhubarb, chipotle peppers with sauce, ruby port, and sugar to a boil in a saucepan; simmer over medium-low heat until rhubarb is tender, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool.
Blend the rhubarb-chipotle mixture in a blender until smooth. Place ground pork in a large bowl and thoroughly mix 2/3 of the blended sauce into the pork. Season with salt and black pepper.
Heat vegetable oil in a skillet over medium heat. Form about 2 tablespoons of the pork mixture into a small patty and pan-fry the patty until browned and no longer pink, about 5 minutes per side. Taste the patty and mix remaining rhubarb-chipotle sauce, salt, and black pepper to taste into the uncooked pork mixture (do not taste uncooked pork).
Soak corn husks in warm water in a large bowl until softened, about 10 minutes. Heat a smoker to 250 to 275 degrees F (120 to 135 degrees C) and add wood chips to the smoker.
Scoop up about 1/3 cup to a scant 1/2 cup of seasoned pork mixture and form into a sausage shape; place into a soaked corn husk and tie the ends of the husk with twine to enclose the sausage. If husk is too narrow to cover entire sausage, use 2 husks per sausage. Repeat with remaining husks and pork mixture.
Smoke sausages in the preheated smoker until thoroughly cooked and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the middle of the thickest sausage reads 160 degrees F (70 degrees C), about 2 hours.

Submitter: 
gonefishn
Description: 
What can I say...I love rhubarb and its versatility. This is a sweet/spicy sausage that is delicious smoked with hickory wood chips. I fried a test patty on the stove to check the seasonings before the corn husk wrapping party began and it's very tasty that way too. It cooks in minutes as opposed to hours if you don't have the patience or time to sit by the grill.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Pork
Ground

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
3 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
30
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
169 calories
11.4
g fat
1.8
g carbohydrates
13.5
g protein
49
mg cholesterol
223
mg sodium.
