URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222994/loquat-chicken/
Title:
Loquat Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F883855.jpg
Ingredients:
6 large ripe loquats, peeled and pitted
½ cup water
½ cup orange juice
⅓ cup brown sugar
1 tablespoon ground ginger
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
½ teaspoon lemon pepper
½ teaspoon smoked paprika
¼ cup vinegar
1 tablespoon grapeseed oil
2  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves

Directions:
Place loquats into a saucepan and stir in water, orange juice, and brown sugar until sugar has dissolved. Bring the mixture to a boil and stir in ground ginger, cinnamon, lemon pepper, and smoked paprika. Reduce heat to low and simmer until loquats are soft and starting to break apart, about 20 minutes, occasionally whisking vigorously to help break up the fruit. When sauce is thick, stir in vinegar and simmer 3 more minutes. Remove from heat.
Heat grapeseed oil in a skillet over medium heat and pan-fry chicken breasts until golden brown and no longer pink in the center, 5 to 8 minutes per side. Remove chicken breasts and cut into bite-size pieces, return to skillet, and stir in 1/4 the loquat sauce, scraping and dissolving any browned bits of food into the sauce. Serve with remaining loquat sauce on the side.

Submitter: 
dalcazar
Description: 
If you have a loquat tree in your back yard or know someone who does, you'll be trying to find something to do with them. This is a great tart and spicy way to use some up of those seemingly endless loquats. Recipe would work well with pork too. Loquats are very much a seasonal fruit. Late spring to early summer is the only time of year you can find them. Pairs very well with rice.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
13 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.38
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
45 mins
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
401 calories
10.1
g fat
52.9
g carbohydrates
25.6
g protein
67
mg cholesterol
188
mg sodium.
