URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222909/planked-new-york-strip-steak-with-grilled-veggies/
Title:
Planked New York Strip Steak with Grilled Veggies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1051862.jpg
Ingredients:
2 untreated cedar planks
2 (1 pound) New York strip steaks
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
1 tablespoon walnut oil
ground sea salt
freshly ground black pepper
1 large zucchini, cut into chunks
1 large yellow squash, cut into chunks
1 orange bell pepper, cut into 1-inch pieces
2 small tomatoes, cut into wedges
4 small red potatoes, cut into small wedges
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
1 pinch garlic and herb seasoning, or more to taste
ground sea salt
freshly ground black pepper

Directions:
Soak the grilling planks in water.
Trim fat from the steaks and pat them dry with paper towels. Place the steaks in a zip-top plastic bag with 2 tablespoons olive oil and the walnut oil. Massage the oil into the steaks - I like to pound them a bit with my fists. Think anger management. Grind in the salt and pepper and squish them around in the bag to coat the steaks. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours.
Place zucchini, yellow squash, orange bell pepper, tomatoes, and red potatoes on a baking tray and toss them with 2 more tablespoons olive oil, garlic and herb seasoning, a pinch of sea sal and a pinch of black pepper.
Preheat grill for medium heat and lightly oil the grate.
Place the wet planks on the hot grill, close the lid, and leave them for 3 to 5 minutes, or until slightly charred on the bottom. Turn the planks over and place the steaks on one plank. Transfer the mixed vegetables from the baking tray to the other plank. Close the lid of the grill and cook to desired doneness.

Submitter: 
Novarullah
Description: 
This simple steak melts in your mouth. Grilled veggies have a campfire flavor.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Beef
Steaks
Strip Steak

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
2
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
1178 calories
60.4
g fat
71.8
g carbohydrates
87.7
g protein
204
mg cholesterol
547
mg sodium.
