URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222949/apricot-jam/
Title:
Apricot Jam Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3792112.jpg
Ingredients:
8 cups fresh apricots - peeled, pitted, and crushed
1/4 cup lemon juice
6 cups white sugar
5 (1 pint) canning jars with lids and rings

Directions:
Mix apricots and lemon juice in a large pot; add sugar. Slowly bring to a boil, stirring until sugar dissolves. Cook and stir until apricot mixture thickens, about 25 minutes. Remove from heat and skim foam if necessary.
Meanwhile, prepare jars, lids, and rings by cleaning and sterilizing in dishwasher or boiling water bath. Leave lids in simmering water until ready to seal jars.
Ladle hot jam into hot sterilized jars, leaving about 1/4 inch of space on top. Run a knife or a thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil, then carefully lower the jars into the pot using a holder. Leave a 2-inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary until the water level is at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a full boil, cover the pot, and process for 15 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Once cool, press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
Megan
Description: 
I love to save money, especially with my big family. So making my own jams and jellies is a favorite hobby of mine to share with my kids. This jam is not only fun to make, but it is also very delicious. There's nothing like your own fresh jam on toasted Italian bread.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Jams and Jellies

Number of ratings:
54 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.44444465637207
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
50
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
105 calories
0.1
g fat
26.9
g carbohydrates
0.4
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
< 1
mg sodium.
