URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/222911/fiesta-slaw/
Title:
Fiesta Slaw Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/924622.jpg
Ingredients:
1 dried chipotle chili pepper
1/2 cup boiling water
1/2 cup frozen pineapple juice concentrate
1/2 cup olive oil
6 cloves garlic, minced
2 limes, zested and juiced
1/4 cup cumin seeds
1 small fresh pineapple - peeled, cored, and cut into chunks
1/2 head green cabbage, cored and shredded
1/2 head red cabbage, cored and shredded
1/2 cup chopped cilantro
2 red bell peppers, seeded and cut into strips
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Heat a small skillet over medium heat; toast chipotle pepper in the skillet, occasionally shaking the skillet, until pepper is fragrant and pliable, 3 to 5 minutes.
Use scissors to cut pepper and remove stem and seeds and transfer pepper in a small bowl. Pour boiling water over pepper. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and allow pepper to rehydrate and soften, about 5 minutes. Drain and mince pepper; set aside. Place the pineapple concentrate, olive oil, lime zest and juice, and minced garlic in a separate bowl.
Toast the cumin seeds over medium heat for a minute or two in the same skillet used for the chipotle pepper. Add cumin and reserved minced chipotle pepper to pineapple olive oil mixture; stir to combine.
Combine the pineapple chunks, green cabbage, and red cabbage, cilantro, and red bell pepper in a bowl. Add the dressing mix and toss thoroughly. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate for at least an hour before serving, stirring occasionally.

Submitter: 
Always Cooking Up Something
Description: 
This slaw combines fresh crunchy cabbage and red peppers with sweet, tangy pineapple, made zesty with chipotle pepper and lime juice. It is a great accompaniment for barbecued meats.
Categories:
Salad
Coleslaw
No Mayo

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
154 calories
9.7
g fat
17.2
g carbohydrates
2.2
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
25
mg sodium.
