URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/223056/goat-cheese-stuffed-chicken/
Title:
Goat Cheese-Stuffed Chicken Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1 (14 ounce) can diced tomatoes with basil, garlic, and oregano - drained
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
½  onion, chopped
3 cloves garlic, minced
2 tablespoons tomato paste
2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme
½ teaspoon white sugar
¼ teaspoon salt
4  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
1 (4 ounce) log goat cheese, crumbled
2  green onions, diced
2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme
½ teaspoon ground black pepper
2 tablespoons butter
1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil

Directions:
Place tomatoes in a shallow dish; crush with a potato masher or by hand.
Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add onion; cook and stir until softened and translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. Add garlic; cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add crushed tomatoes, tomato paste, 2 tablespoons thyme, sugar, and salt. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer, covered, until sauce-like in consistency, about 10 minutes. Remove sauce from heat.
Wrap chicken breasts in plastic wrap; place on a flat work surface. Firmly pound chicken with the smooth side of a meat mallet to a 1/2-inch thickness.
Combine goat cheese, green onions, 2 tablespoons thyme, and pepper in a bowl. Spread 1/4 of the mixture over the middle of each chicken breast. Roll up each chicken breast and place onto a plate, seam side-down.
Heat butter and 1 teaspoon oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add chicken, seam side-down; cook until golden brown, about 5 minutes per side. Add the tomato sauce; reduce heat to medium-low. Cover and simmer until chicken is longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 5 to 7 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).

Submitter: 
Mary
Description: 
I came up with this recipe after being inspired by a Spanish tapa I had at an amazing restaurant in Las Vegas. I basically took their goat cheese tomato sauce appetizer idea and added chicken. This is restaurant-quality and will wow any dinner guest!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
58 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
390 calories
24.6
g fat
12.4
g carbohydrates
30.1
g protein
96
mg cholesterol
826
mg sodium.
