URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/223053/mixed-meat-and-seafood-paella-from-palma/
Title:
Mixed Meat and Seafood Paella from Palma Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1/2 pound fresh green beans, trimmed
1/2 cup minced fresh parsley
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 saffron thread, or more to taste
sea salt to taste
1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil
1 1/4 pounds pork spareribs, cut into small pieces
1/2 pound rabbit, cut into small pieces
1 (2.5 pound) whole chicken, cut into small pieces
1/2 pound squid, cut into small pieces
2 large tomatoes, peeled and chopped
1 onion, chopped
1 red bell pepper, seeded and sliced into strips
2 1/2 cups short-grain rice (such as Bomba or Calasparra)
1/2 pound frozen peas
1 lemon, juiced
4 cups hot chicken stock
1 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined
1 pound mussels, cleaned and debearded
freshly ground pepper to taste
1 lemon, cut into wedges
4 sprigs flat-leaf parsley

Directions:
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add green beans and cook uncovered until bright green in color, about 3 minutes. Drain in a colander and immediately immerse in ice water for several minutes to stop the cooking process. Drain.
Place parsley, garlic, saffron, and salt in a small bowl or mortar. Mash into a paste.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add pork and rabbit and cook, stirring frequently, until browned on all sides and cooked through, 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer meat to a platter. Repeat cooking, stirring, and transferring, this time with the chicken pieces. Add squid to the skillet. Cook and stir until slightly tender, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer cooked squid to the platter.
Place tomato, onion, and red pepper in the skillet; cook and stir until softened but not browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Return the cooked pork, rabbit, chicken, and squid to the skillet. Stir in the garlic-parsley paste, the green beans, rice, peas, and lemon juice. Cook until peas are tender, 2 to 3 minutes.
Pour chicken stock into the skillet. Stir and bring to a boil; reduce heat to low and simmer until rice is more tender, about 10 minutes. Tuck the shrimp and mussels into the paella and simmer until shrimp is opaque and rice is fully tender, about 10 minutes more.
Discard any mussels that do not open. Season paella with pepper. Remove from heat and cover to let rice absorb any excess liquid, about 10 minutes. Garnish with lemon wedges and parsley sprigs.

Submitter: 
Michael Powers
Description: 
On a recent visit to Palma, Mallorca, we made this meat and seafood paella in a pan large enough to serve about 40 people, a common practice for community gatherings and festivals throughout Spain. The recipe has been scaled to serve 8.
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
Spanish

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h 5 m
Ready in:
2 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
908 calories
38.9
g fat
78.2
g carbohydrates
59.9
g protein
260
mg cholesterol
832
mg sodium.
