URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/223062/dried-apricot-jam/
Title:
Dried Apricot Jam Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1044664.jpg
Ingredients:
4 1/2 cups dried apricots
4 1/2 cups boiling water
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 (1.75 ounce) package powdered fruit pectin
7 cups white sugar
1/4 cup lemon juice

Directions:
Soak apricots in boiling water in a bowl until hydrated, about 30 minutes. Blend apricots, remaining water, and vanilla extract in a food processor, working in batches, until blended but still slightly chunky.
Combine apricot mixture with pectin in a large pot over medium heat; cook until just boiling. Add sugar and lemon juice; boil until sugar has dissolved, 1 to 2 minutes.
Sterilize jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Pack the apricot jam into the hot, sterilized jars, filling the jars to within 1/4-inch of the top. Run a knife or a thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids, and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil, then carefully lower the jars into the pot using a holder. Leave a 2-inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary until the water level is at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a full boil, cover the pot, and process for 10 minutes.
Remove jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool, about 1 hour. Once cool, press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
Cookin4Six!
Description: 
Yes you can use dried apricots to make jam! This has beautiful color and flavor. I have dried California Blenheim apricots from Apricot King shipped to me in Washington and they are wonderful.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Jams and Jellies

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.55555534362793
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
1 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
144
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
48 calories
0
g fat
12.3
g carbohydrates
0.1
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
< 1
mg sodium.
