URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/223032/grandpas-garden-chicken-soup/
Title:
Grandpa's Garden Chicken Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/919160.jpg
Ingredients:
1  whole chicken, quartered
water, to cover
½ large onion, chopped
1 stalk celery with leaves, cut into chunks
3 cubes chicken bouillon
¼ cup chopped fresh basil
¼ cup chopped fresh parsley
1 tablespoon chopped garlic
1 pinch salt and ground black pepper to taste
2  Yukon Gold potatoes, diced
2  kohlrabi bulbs, peeled and diced
2  carrots, sliced
1 large turnip, diced
½ medium head cabbage, chopped
2 ears sweet corn, cut from cob
4 ounces fresh green beans, trimmed
1  tomato, chopped

Directions:
Put chicken pieces in a large stockpot; pour enough water over chicken to cover completely. Add onion, celery, bouillon cubes, basil, parsley, garlic, salt, and pepper to the pot; bring to a simmer over medium-high heat. Cook at a simmer until the chicken is cooked through and tender, about 1 hour.
Remove and discard celery chunks. Remove chicken to a cutting board to cool; cut as much meat as possible from the bones and chop roughly. Return chicken to stock.
Stir potatoes, kohlrabi, carrots, and turnip into the soup; cook until the vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes. Add cabbage, corn, green beans, and tomato; cook until the green beans are tender, 7 to 10 minutes more.

Submitter: 
SRF0079
Description: 
Grandpa sends me veggies from his huge garden every year and I use 'em for this soup, which has been called 'the best soup I've ever eaten' by friends. It's pretty unstructured and can change to meet your personal tastes. It's basically a chicken veggie soup; it's the FRESH veggies that make it the best. I just throw stuff in until it looks and tastes the way I want it to. It's also GREAT if you're sick; I swear it'll cure what ails ya! YUM! The longer you SLOWLY cook the soup, the more flavorful it becomes. I often eat a bowl while it's simmering 'cause I can't wait.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
27 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.74
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
2 hrs
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
209 calories
8.5
g fat
15.5
g carbohydrates
18.6
g protein
50
mg cholesterol
376
mg sodium.
