URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/223048/chef-johns-chicken-and-dumplings/?src=VD_Summary
Title:
Chef John's Chicken and Dumplings Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1 (3 to 3 1/2 pound) whole chicken
2 ½ quarts cold water
1 large carrot, cubed
1 stalk celery, chopped
1  onion, chopped
3 sprigs fresh thyme
1  bay leaf
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, or as needed
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
½ teaspoon cayenne pepper, or more to taste
½ cup creme fraiche
½ cup milk
2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves
2  eggs
2 cups self-rising flour
4 sprigs thyme, for garnish

Directions:
Place chicken in a Dutch oven. Add water, carrot, celery, onion, 3 sprigs of thyme, and bay leaf. Bring to a boil, cover, reduce heat to low, and simmer for 1 hour. Remove chicken from dutch oven and transfer to a bowl; set aside to cool.
Increase heat and bring the stock to a simmer. Skim off any chicken fat that appears on top of the stock and reserve in a bowl. Combine 2 to 3 tablespoons of the reserved fat with flour in a small bowl; stir to make a paste, adding more flour if needed. Add the chicken fat and flour mixture to the stock. Reduce heat and simmer for 15 minutes.
Remove chicken meat from the carcass and add to the stock. Season with salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper to taste. Continue simmering for 10 to 15 minutes.
Whisk creme fraiche, milk, 2 teaspoons of thyme leaves, and eggs together in a large bowl. Stir in self-rising flour until almost entirely incorporated; do not overmix.
Scoop large dollops of dumpling mixture on top of the chicken stock. Increase heat slightly to medium-high. Cover and simmer until dumplings appear light and fluffy, and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 10 to 15 minutes. Serve garnish with thyme sprigs.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
Not only is this American classic American and classic, it is also one of the most comforting things you'll ever eat and the great thing about this dumpling recipe is that it will work on just about any soup or stew!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
183 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.42
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
2 hrs
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
750 calories
36.8
g fat
59.7
g carbohydrates
43.7
g protein
217
mg cholesterol
1012
mg sodium.
