URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/223241/creamy-curried-root-vegetable-soup/
Title:
Creamy Curried Root Vegetable Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5196670.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons butter
6 Hakurei turnips, chopped
6 red radishes, chopped
2 heads garlic, chopped
6 green onions, chopped
5 carrots, peeled and chopped
1 1/2 pounds red potatoes, cut into cubes
1 quart vegetable stock
1 bay leaf
1 1/2 cups milk
3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce
2 tablespoons curry powder
2 tablespoons brown sugar
10 grinds cracked black pepper

Directions:
Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir turnips, radishes, garlic, and green onions in melted butter until hot, about 3 minutes. Stir carrots, red potatoes, and vegetable stock into the turnip mixture; bring to a simmer, add bay leaf, and reduce heat to low. Cook at a simmer, stirring occasionally, for 45 minutes.
Remove and discard bay leaf. Working in batches, pour the turnip mixture into a blender, filling the pitcher no more than half full. Carefully start the blender, using a few quick pulses to get the mixture moving before leaving it on to puree. Transfer to a large saucepan over low heat.
Stir milk, Worcestershire sauce, curry powder, brown sugar, and black pepper into the soup; cook and stir constantly until color and spices are evenly mixed. Let soup simmer over very low heat for another 10 minutes.

Submitter: 
tylerss20
Description: 
This is a hearty, thick soup with a little bit of heat from the curry. I've used this combination of vegetables a few times with great success, but using earthy tubers, taproots, and alliums is the key, so try different things. For this recipe, you'll need a large skillet or wok, a medium saucepan, and a food processor or blender. I enjoy spicy foods, so you may want to reduce pepper and curry amounts. I used half milk and half cream once and got a very nice creamy soup, but some may prefer the thinner consistency of using only milk. This recipe can be adjusted for vegan palettes by using an olive oil substitute for the butter, coconut or soy milk, and an anchovy-free Worcestershire sauce. Balsamic vinegar can do in a pinch.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Vegetable Soup

Number of ratings:
9 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.11111116409302
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
287 calories
6.3
g fat
52.9
g carbohydrates
8.2
g protein
15
mg cholesterol
457
mg sodium.
