URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/223328/crazy-spicy-chicken/
Title:
Crazy Spicy Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/1033470.jpg
Ingredients:
3 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, cubed
3 tablespoons butter
2 (14.5 ounce) cans diced tomatoes, drained
1 cup chopped mango
1 large sweet onion (such as Vidalia(<sup>&reg;</sup>)), chopped
4  serrano chile peppers - halved, seeded, and sliced 1/4-inch thick
½ teaspoon ground white pepper
½ teaspoon ground dry mustard
1 ½ teaspoons curry powder
¼ teaspoon salt
2 cups basmati rice
4 cups water
2 pounds fresh asparagus, trimmed
3 tablespoons butter, melted

Directions:
Cook and stir chicken pieces in 3 tablespoons butter in a skillet over medium heat until chicken is white outside and slightly pink inside, 5 to 8 minutes. Add tomatoes, mango, sweet onion, serrano peppers, white pepper, dry mustard, curry powder, and salt. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer until chicken and onion are very tender, about 45 minutes.
While curry is simmering, bring rice and water to a boil in a saucepan. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the rice is tender and fluffy and the liquid has been absorbed, 20 to 25 minutes.
Bring a skillet of lightly-salted water to a boil, reduce heat, and place asparagus into the boiling water. Cook until asparagus are tender and still bright green, about 12 minutes; drain water and drizzle asparagus with 3 tablespoons melted butter.
To serve, spoon rice onto serving plates and top each serving with several asparagus spears; top with chicken curry.

Submitter: 
Michael Kinsel
Description: 
A nice spicy blend of peppers and a hint of Indian. My family loves this. Can be made mild to super-spicy. Add more serrano peppers or substitute Madras, vindaloo, or phaal curry for the milder yellow curry for more heat.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
5 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.4
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 20 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
643 calories
17.3
g fat
67.1
g carbohydrates
54
g protein
148
mg cholesterol
497
mg sodium.
