URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/223340/healthier-penne-rosa-with-chicken/
Title:
Healthier Penne Rosa with Chicken Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1 (13 ounce) package whole-wheat penne
2 tablespoons olive oil, divided
1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, sliced into thin strips
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 pinch red pepper flakes
2  tomatoes, chopped
salt and ground black pepper to taste
4 cups fresh spinach
1 ½ cups marinara sauce
1 (6 ounce) container nonfat plain Greek yogurt
1 bunch fresh basil, chopped
¼ cup grated Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a boil. Stir in penne and return to a boil. Cook pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, until cooked through, but still firm to the bite, about 11 minutes. Drain.
Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add chicken; cook and stir until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 5 minutes. Transfer chicken to a plate. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in the same skillet. Add garlic and red pepper flakes; cook and stir until garlic begins to soften, about 2 minutes. Stir in tomatoes; cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from heat. Stir in spinach; cover and let stand until wilted, about 2 minutes.
Pour marinara sauce into a separate saucepan over medium heat. Cook until heated through, about 5 minutes. Transfer 1/2 the sauce into a bowl; stir in yogurt. Whisk mixture into the rest of the marinara in the saucepan.
Uncover tomatoes and spinach and place back over low heat. Stir in penne, sauce, and basil; cook until heated through, about 5 minutes. Divide penne into bowls and serve topped with chicken and Parmesan cheese.

Submitter: 
JAIM71
Description: 
This healthy twist on penne rosa is just as delicious as the original. Substituting fat-free Greek yogurt instead of heavy cream and whole wheat pasta makes this dish a much lower-calorie and lower-fat option. Add grilled chicken to up the protein!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
55 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
612 calories
13.7
g fat
81.1
g carbohydrates
43.8
g protein
70
mg cholesterol
719
mg sodium.
