URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/223437/healthy-creamy-chicken-and-pasta/
Title:
Healthy Creamy Chicken and Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F1107948.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (8 ounce) package whole wheat penne pasta
2 tablespoons olive oil
3 tablespoons minced garlic
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cubed
1 (8 ounce) package sliced fresh mushrooms
1 (10.5 ounce) can fat-free cream of mushroom soup
½ cup water, or as needed
1 pinch garlic salt, or to taste
1 pinch red pepper flakes, or to taste

Directions:
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a boil. Stir in penne and return to a boil. Cook pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, until cooked through but still firm to the bite, about 11 minutes; drain.
Cook and stir olive oil and garlic in a large skillet over high heat just until brown and fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add chicken and mushrooms; stir to coat with garlic and olive oil. Cook chicken until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 6 to 8 minutes. Stir in cream of mushroom soup; gradually add 1/2 cup of water about 1 tablespoon at a time, adding enough to make sauce light and creamy.
Reduce heat to medium-low heat and gently fold pasta into the chicken and sauce until coated. Add garlic salt and red pepper to taste; remove from heat and serve.

Submitter: 
lepowers
Description: 
Being on a diet, the words creamy and pasta usually are reserved for only my cheat days. I wanted to make something and not feel guilty about eating it, so I whipped this up in the kitchen. It's delicious and very adaptable; change it up however you like! Has a nice little bite with the red pepper flakes added. This would also be fantastic with onion added.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
32 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.84
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
30 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
472 calories
15.4
g fat
49.9
g carbohydrates
34.4
g protein
65
mg cholesterol
627
mg sodium.
