URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/223591/bea-and-bills-bread-and-butter-pickles/
Title:
Bea and Bill's Bread and Butter Pickles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/872293.jpg
Ingredients:
16 cups thinly sliced cucumbers
8 white onions, sliced thinly
1/3 cup pickling salt
3 cloves garlic, halved
cracked ice, or as needed
4 cups white sugar
3 cups cider vinegar
2 tablespoons mustard seed
1 1/2 teaspoons ground turmeric
1 1/2 teaspoons celery seed
6 1-quart canning jars with lids and rings

Directions:
Combine cucumbers, onions, pickling salt, and garlic in a large pot. Place enough cracked ice atop the cucumber mixture to cover by at least 2 inches.
Cover the pot with a lid and refrigerate 3 to 12 hours. Drain all liquid from the mixture. Discard any remaining pieces of ice. Remove the garlic and set aside.
Bring the sugar, vinegar, mustard seed, turmeric, and celery seed to a boil in a separate large saucepan, stirring frequently. Add the cucumber and onion mixture; return to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook at a simmer until cucumbers and onion are soft,  5 to 10 minutes.
Sterilize the jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Pack the cucumber and onion mixture into the hot, sterilized jars, filling the jars to within 1/2 inch of the top. Run a knife or a thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids and screw on rings.
Place jars in a canning pot with at least an inch of water covering all of the jars and boil for 10 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Once cool, press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). If you have a can that does not seal, just stick it in the fridge and eat that jar first. Store in a cool, dark area, and wait at least 3 hours before opening.

Submitter: 
Matt Henchen
Description: 
These are the pickles that were present at every family event. One taste and memories of summer and our grandparents - Bill and Beatrice Cooper - come flooding back. Enjoy!
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Pickled

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.85714292526245
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
6 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
30
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
149 calories
0.4
g fat
35.9
g carbohydrates
1.4
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
1236
mg sodium.
