URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/223596/easy-smothered-chicken-breasts/
Title:
Easy Smothered Chicken Breasts Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F1007037.jpg
Ingredients:
½ cup all-purpose flour
¼ cup seasoned bread crumbs
2 teaspoons garlic salt
1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
4 (6 ounce) skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, pounded thin
8  bacon strips
1  onion, sliced
¼ teaspoon lemon-pepper seasoning
¼ teaspoon Italian seasoning
¼ teaspoon salt
⅛ teaspoon red pepper flakes, or more to taste
¼ cup packed brown sugar
½ cup shredded Colby-Monterey Jack cheese

Directions:
Mix flour, bread crumbs, garlic salt, and black pepper together in a bowl. Coat each chicken breast with flour mixture.
Place bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Remove bacon with a slotted spoon, reserving bacon drippings; drain bacon on paper towels.
Cook and stir coated chicken breasts in the bacon drippings until chicken is no longer pink in the center and juices run clear, about 5 minutes per side; remove and keep warm.
Cook and stir onion, lemon-pepper seasoning, Italian seasoning, salt, red pepper flakes, and brown sugar in the same skillet until onion is golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes.
Set oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler.
Arrange chicken breasts on a baking sheet; top each breast with 2 bacon slices. Top with caramelized onion and Colby-Monterey Jack cheese.
Broil chicken breasts until cheese is melted and bubbling, 1 to 3 minutes.

Submitter: 
Stephanie (Nussear) Back
Description: 
After reading this recipe here, it sounded so good that I had to put my personal touches to it. I'm not particularly fond of chicken breasts unless they're flattened to a pulp and delicately browned after being dredged in flour. After that I followed the original recipe except I added crushed red peppers and Italian seasoning. I served this with fettuccine alfredo and roasted asparagus on the side. Delizioso!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
42 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.62
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
45 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
664 calories
35.7
g fat
34.5
g carbohydrates
48.7
g protein
152
mg cholesterol
1823
mg sodium.
