URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/22548/covered-with-kisses-chocolate-cherry-torte/
Title:
Covered with Kisses Chocolate-Cherry Torte Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/979077.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup butter
1 1/4 cups white sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 eggs
2/3 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 cup HERSHEY®'S Cocoa Powder
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened
1 cup confectioners' sugar
1/2 cup heavy cream, chilled
1 (21 ounce) can cherry pie filling, chilled
1 (10 ounce) package HERSHEY®'S MINI KISSES™ Milk Chocolate Baking Pieces

Directions:
Heat oven to 350 F.  Grease bottom only of 9-inch springform pan, or line 9-inch round cake pan with foil; grease bottom of foil.
Stir together melted butter, granulated sugar and vanilla in large bowl.  Add eggs; using spoon, beat well.  Stir together flour, cocoa, baking powder and salt; gradually add to egg mixture, beating with spoon until well blended.  Spread batter into prepared pan.
Bake 25 to 30 minutes or until cake is set.  (Cake is fudgey and will not test done.)  Remove from oven; cool completely in pan on wire rack.
Beat cream cheese and confectioners' sugar in medium bowl until well blended.  Beat cream until stiff; gradually fold into cream cheese mixture, blending well.  Spread over top of torte; refrigerate several hours or until set.  With knife loosen cake from side of pan; remove side of pan.  (Or, lift torte out of pan, using foil; remove foil.).
Just before serving, put baking pieces in 6-inch-wide heart outline in center of cake.  Fill heart shape with cherries from pie filling; put baking pieces all around outside edge.  Serve cold, cut into wedges, with remaining pie filling.  Cover; refrigerate leftover dessert.

Submitter: 
HersheysKitchens.com
Description: 
Fudgey chocolate cake frosted with cream cheese. On the top, a heart is outlined in Mini Kisses and filled in with cherry pie filling.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
624 calories
31.3
g fat
80.3
g carbohydrates
7
g protein
112
mg cholesterol
256
mg sodium.
