URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/22657/tofu-turkey-ii/
Title:
Tofu Turkey II Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/4015405.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound firm tofu
1 teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon dried marjoram
¼ teaspoon dried savory
¼ teaspoon pepper
1 (12 ounce) package dry bread stuffing mix
⅔ cup water
¼ cup soy margarine
1 slice bread, cubed
½ teaspoon sage
2 tablespoons water
5 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided
1 teaspoon barbeque sauce
½ teaspoon prepared mustard
1 tablespoon orange jam
1 teaspoon orange juice
1 tablespoon sesame seeds

Directions:
Drain and rinse tofu; in a food processor or blender,  process tofu until smooth.  Stir in salt, marjoram, savory and pepper.  Line a sieve with 2 sheets of paper towel and place over an empty bowl.  Place tofu in lined sieve and press against sides to form a deep well in the middle.  Place 2 more sheets of paper towel over tofu and refrigerate for 2 hours.
Meanwhile, in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat combine stuffing mix, 2/3 cup water and margarine.  Bring to a boil; reduce heat to low, cover and simmer for 5 minutes.  Remove from heat; let stand 5 minutes and fluff with a fork.  To the stuffing add bread cubes, sage and 2 tablespoons water.
After tofu has chilled for 2 hours,  preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).  With 2 tablespoons of the vegetable oil, grease a baking sheet.
Remove the top layer of paper towels from the tofu.  If necessary, again press tofu against the sides of the sieve to form a well.  Spoon the stuffing mixture into the well and smooth the surface with a spoon.   Invert the tofu mold onto prepared baking sheet.  Remove the remaining paper towel layer and shape the tofu with your hands if it has cracked or lost its shape.
Bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, prepare the glaze by combining barbecue sauce, mustard, orange jam, orange juice, sesame seeds and remaining 3 tablespoons oil.  After tofu has baked for 30 minutes, brush or spoon the glaze over it.  Return to the oven and bake for 20 minutes more.
Broil for 3 to 5 minutes, or until tofu is browned and crispy.

Submitter: 
Holly
Description: 
This is an incredibly delicious and guilt-free alternative to the traditional bird, and I make it every holiday. I've even tried this out on meat eaters, and they were asking for seconds! The directions may seem a bit daunting at first glance, but don't worry!! It is much, much easier than it appears and the actual preparation time you spend in the kitchen is under fifteen minutes.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
46 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.8
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
3 hrs 5 mins
Number of servings: 
2 hrs
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
787 calories
42.4
g fat
76.9
g carbohydrates
28.2
g protein
1
mg cholesterol
2124
mg sodium.
