URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/22687282/dianes-chinese-restaurant-style-fried-rice/
Title:
Diane's Chinese Restaurant-Style Fried Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 cups cold cooked rice
2 large eggs
1 tsp salt
1/2 tst pepper
4 Tablespoons peanut oil
1/2 cup thinly sliced scallion
1/4 tsp red pepper flakes
2 Tablespoons (or more) soy sauce
2 Tablespoons (or more) Oyster Sauce
1 cup thawed frozen peas
1 cup diced carrots, parboiled
1/2 cup diced cooked ham or other meat (optional)
1 cup fresh bean sprouts

Directions:
Place rice in a large bowl and use your fingers to break up any lumps.  Set aside.
Beat the eggs in a separate bowl with the salt and pepper.  Set aside.
Pour the oil into a wok or large skillet and place the pan over medium high heat.  When the oil is very hot, add the scallions and red pepper flakes, they should sizzle.  Stir fry for about 15 seconds.
Stir in the beaten eggs with a metal spatula and scramble quickly until the eggs are dry and separate. About 30 seconds to 1 minute.
Add the rice to the eggs and scallions and mix thoroughly.
Pour the sauces evenly over the mixture. Quickly add the peas, carrots, meat (if using)and bean sprouts.  Stir constantly until all the ingredients are well mixed and heated through.  Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Dianemwj
Description: 
A wok works best, but any large skillet will work too.  Be sure to use peanut oil. I put the frozen peas in a colander, then I par-boil the cubed carrots in boiling water until soft, then pour the hot water and carrots over the frozen peas.  You must use cold cooked rice. Cook the rice the day before, or in the moring before frying it.  I usually use a little more soy and oyster sauce than called for in the recipe.  Have everything chopped and ready to go before starting.  This comes together fast. The meat is optional, I rarely use it, but you can put in cooked shrimp if you like.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
35 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
