URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228065/watermelon-pickles/
Title:
Watermelon Pickles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6710989.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup canning salt
1 gallon water
16 cups (1-inch) cubes watermelon rind
1 gallon water
3 cinnamon sticks
1 teaspoon whole allspice
1 teaspoon whole cloves
2 cups white vinegar (5% acidity)
3 cups white sugar, or more to taste
12 maraschino cherries, halved
1 lemon, thinly sliced
6 1-pint canning jars with lids and rings

Directions:
Stir canning salt into 1 gallon water in a large container until dissolved; add watermelon rind. Cover the container with plastic wrap or a lid and let sit 12 hours. Drain and rinse completely.
Combine drained watermelon rind and 1 gallon water in a stock pot. Bring the water to a boil, reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer until the rind is tender, 45 minutes to 1 hour; drain and set aside.
Put cinnamon sticks, allspice, and cloves in cheesecloth or spice bag. Combine vinegar, sugar, spice bag, maraschino cherries, and lemon slices in the stock pot; stir until sugar is dissolved. Add watermelon rind to the pot; bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer until the rind is transparent, about 5-10 minutes. Remove the spice bag and set aside.
Sterilize the jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Put one whole clove into each jar. Break cinnamon sticks into pieces and put 1 piece into each jar.
Pack the watermelon rind with the vinegar mixture into the hot, sterilized jars, filling the jars to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a knife or a thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars into the boiling water using a holder. Leave a 2-inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary to bring the water level to at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a rolling boil, cover the pot, and process for 10 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Once cool, press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
KERYNE
Description: 
Watermelon pickle is made using the white part of the watermelon's rind. It is delicious by itself as a winter treat or as a condiment with turnip greens or turkey and cornbread dressing. Home canning is a delightful cooking experience, but  requires equipment such as a canner (very large pot), a rack for the jars to rest in, and the jars and lids. I recommend following the home canning guidance in the 'Ball Blue Book of Preserving' to obtain precise instructions on how to sterilize jars and guarantee results that are tasty and safe.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Pickled

Number of ratings:
9 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.66666650772095
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
21 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
136 calories
0.5
g fat
34.2
g carbohydrates
0.7
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
4624
mg sodium.
