URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228094/paleo-protein-banana-waffles/
Title:
Paleo Protein Banana Waffles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup unsweetened shredded coconut
1/2 cup almond flour
1/4 cup whey protein powder
1/8 teaspoon baking powder
1/8 teaspoon baking soda
1/8 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 cup mashed ripe banana
1/4 cup milk
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
2 tablespoons dark (grade B) maple syrup (optional)
2 eggs
1 egg white
1 very ripe banana, mashed

Directions:
Preheat a waffle iron according to manufacturer's instructions. Grease waffle iron evenly.
Place coconut into a blender and pulse several times; blend until coconut becomes a fine powder. Combine coconut, almond flour, whey protein powder, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and cinnamon in a medium bowl.
Mix together 1/2 cup mashed banana, milk, vanilla extract, and maple syrup in a small bowl.
Separate the whites from the yolks of the 2 eggs; transfer all 3 egg whites to a metal bowl. Mix 2 egg yolks into the banana mixture. Beat egg whites until foamy using an electric mixer, beating until stiff peaks form. Lift your beater or whisk straight up: the egg whites will form sharp peaks.
Pour banana mixture into almond flour mixture and stir until combined. Mix in 1/3 of the egg white mixture until combined; gently fold in remaining 2/3 egg white mixture, preserving as much volume as possible.
Ladle batter into preheated waffle iron in the amount recommended by manufacturer. Close lid and cook waffle until golden and crisp, 3 to 4 minutes. Repeat with remaining batter. Top waffles with remaining 1 mashed banana.

Submitter: 
Talisha
Description: 
Created for easing into a grain-free lifestyle change, these waffles are perfect for families looking for a traditional breakfast food. Use leftover banana from recipe mixed with whipped cream for a low sugar topping! These waffles are very dense because of the almond flour. My family can usually finish 1, maybe 1 1/2 waffles a person if serving with other things like eggs or meats. We like to use the leftover banana mush mixed with whipped cream and butter to top them.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Waffles

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
1
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
332 calories
18.3
g fat
34.4
g carbohydrates
10.5
g protein
95
mg cholesterol
286
mg sodium.
