URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228161/curry-root-vegetable-pot-pie/
Title:
Curry Root Vegetable Pot Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/927980.jpg
Ingredients:
1 ¾ cups sweet potato, peeled and  cut into 2-inch chunks
1 ¾ cups red potatoes, peeled and cut into 2-inch chunks
1 ¾ cups parsnips, peeled and cut into 2-inch chunks
1 ¾ cups carrots, peeled and cut into 2-inch chunks
2 tablespoons olive oil
sea salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 tablespoon butter
1 cup chopped onion
2 tablespoons butter
1 ½ cups vegetable broth
½ cup whole milk
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 ½ teaspoons curry powder, or more to taste
1 (17.25 ounce) package frozen puff pastry, thawed and cut into four 5-inch squares

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Place sweet potato, red potatoes, parsnips, and carrots in a roasting pan. Toss with olive oil; season with sea salt and black pepper.
Roast sweet potato mixture in the preheated oven until vegetables are slightly softened, 20 to 30 minutes.
Heat 1 tablespoon butter in a pot over medium heat; cook and stir onion until slightly softened, 3 to 5 minutes. Add sweet potato mixture and 2 more tablespoons butter; season with salt and black pepper. Cook and stir until butter is melted, 2 to 3 minutes.
Heat vegetable broth and milk together in a separate saucepan over medium heat until mixture is almost at a boil.
Stir flour and curry powder into sweet potato mixture until evenly coated. Gradually pour broth mixture into sweet potato mixture; stir until liquid is thickened, about 3 minutes. Divide mixture among four pot pie dishes. Top each with a puff pastry square.
Bake in the preheated oven until pastry is golden brown and puffed, 17 to 20 minutes.

Submitter: 
twogingers
Description: 
I fell in love with the curry vegetable pot pie at a local but very pricey bakery, so I decided to try and make my own version! This is what I came up with using a few other recipes as guidelines. I think it's even better than what I was trying to mimic. Any combination of squash, sweet potato, potato, carrots, parsnips, turnips, rutabaga, pumpkin etc. will do. I can recommend highly a combination of sweet potato, mini red potatoes, parsnips, and carrots.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
19 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.89
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
518 calories
31.6
g fat
52.5
g carbohydrates
7.4
g protein
13
mg cholesterol
356
mg sodium.
