URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228240/bibimbap-korean-rice-with-mixed-vegetables/
Title:
Bibimbap (Korean Rice With Mixed Vegetables) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3961066.jpg
Ingredients:
1 English cucumber, cut into matchsticks
1/4 cup gochujang (Korean hot pepper paste)
1 bunch fresh spinach, cut into thin strips
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1 teaspoon olive oil
2 carrots, cut into matchsticks
1 clove garlic, minced
1 pinch red pepper flakes
1 pound thinly-sliced beef top round steak
1 teaspoon olive oil
4 large eggs
4 cups cooked white rice
4 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, divided
1 teaspoon sesame seeds
2 teaspoons gochujang (Korean hot pepper paste), divided (optional)

Directions:
Stir cucumber pieces with 1/4 cup gochujang paste in a bowl; set aside.
Bring about 2 cups of water to a boil in a large nonstick skillet and stir in spinach; cook until spinach is bright green and wilted, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain spinach and squeeze out as much moisture as possible; set spinach aside in a bowl and stir soy sauce into spinach.
Heat 1 teaspoon olive oil in large nonstick skillet and cook and stir carrots until softened, about 3 minutes; stir in garlic and cook just until fragrant, about 1 more minute. Stir in cucumber pieces with gochujang paste; sprinkle with red pepper flakes, and set the mixture aside in a bowl.
Brown beef in a clean nonstick skillet over medium heat, about 5 minutes per side, and set aside. In a separate nonstick skillet, heat 1 more teaspoon olive oil over medium-low heat and fry the eggs just on one side until yolks are runny but whites are firm, 2 to 4 minutes each.
To assemble the dish, divide cooked rice into 4 large serving bowls; top with spinach mixture, a few pieces of beef, and cucumber mixture. Place 1 egg atop each serving. Drizzle each bowl with 1 teaspoon of sesame oil, a sprinkle of sesame seeds, and a small amount of gochujang paste if desired.

Submitter: 
mykoreaneats
Description: 
Along with kimchi, bibimbap takes its place among the favored foods in Korean cuisine. Literally meaning 'mixed rice,' it's a popular meal consisting of white rice topped with vegetables, beef, a whole egg, and gochujang (red chili pepper paste). For those who cannot handle the spiciness (like our children), you can substitute with soy sauce or Sriracha (rooster sauce) in place of it.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Korean

Number of ratings:
58 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.56896543502808
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
569 calories
19.3
g fat
63
g carbohydrates
34.9
g protein
243
mg cholesterol
574
mg sodium.
