URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228293/curry-stand-chicken-tikka-masala-sauce/?src=VD_Summary
Title:
Curry Stand Chicken Tikka Masala Sauce Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons ghee (clarified butter)
1  onion, finely chopped
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 tablespoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground ginger
1 teaspoon cayenne pepper
½ teaspoon ground cinnamon
¼ teaspoon ground turmeric
1 (14 ounce) can tomato sauce
1 cup heavy whipping cream
2 teaspoons paprika
1 tablespoon white sugar
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
4  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, cut into bite-size pieces
½ teaspoon curry powder
½ teaspoon salt, or to taste (optional)
1 teaspoon white sugar, or to taste (optional)

Directions:
Heat ghee in a large skillet over medium heat and cook and stir onion until translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in garlic; cook and stir just until fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, ginger, cayenne pepper, cinnamon, and turmeric into the onion mixture; fry until fragrant, about 2 minutes.
Stir tomato sauce into the onion and spice mixture, bring to a boil, and reduce heat to low. Simmer sauce for 10 minutes, then mix in cream, paprika, and 1 tablespoon sugar. Bring sauce back to a simmer and cook, stirring often, until sauce is thickened, 10 to 15 minutes.
Heat vegetable oil in a separate skillet over medium heat. Stir chicken into the hot oil, sprinkle with curry powder, and sear chicken until lightly browned but still pink inside, about 3 minutes; stir often. Transfer chicken and any pan juices into the sauce. Simmer chicken in sauce until no longer pink, about 30 minutes; adjust salt and sugar to taste.

Submitter: 
Chris Bellers
Description: 
A classic curry-stand recipe. This is not haute cuisine; this is the kind of nuclear-orange tikka masala that you crave when you stumble out of a pub at 2 a.m. I make vast quantities of the sauce at one time, and it freezes very well. I also added much more cayenne pepper than 1 teaspoon, but I give out the recipe like this for people who don't like heat.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1955 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.91
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 20 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
328 calories
23.4
g fat
13.2
g carbohydrates
17.9
g protein
106
mg cholesterol
980
mg sodium.
