URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228321/brownie-pops/
Title:
Brownie Pops Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup butter
1 cup white sugar
2 (1 ounce) squares unsweetened baking chocolate, chopped
2 eggs
3/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon brandy-based orange liqueur (such as Grand Marnier®) (optional)
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup butter
1 (1 ounce) square unsweetened baking chocolate, chopped
1 tablespoon brandy-based orange liqueur (such as Grand Marnier®)
1/2 cup confectioners' sugar
1 1/2 cups chocolate confectioners' coating
1/4 cup bittersweet chocolate chips

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease an 8x8-inch baking pan.
Place 1/2 cup butter and white sugar in a microwave-safe bowl. Heat in microwave on high until butter is melted, about 1 minute. Stir 2 ounces baking chocolate into butter-sugar mixture until chocolate melts. Stir in eggs; mix well. Add flour, 1 tablespoon orange liqueur, vanilla extract, and salt; stir to combine. Pour batter into the prepared baking dish.
Bake in the preheated oven until the top is dry and the edges have started to pull away from the sides of the pan, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from oven and cool completely.
Place remaining 1/4 cup butter in a large microwave-safe bowl. Heat in microwave on high until melted, about 30 seconds. Stir 1 ounce baking chocolate into melted butter until chocolate melts. Stir in orange liqueur and 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar. Crumble the cooled brownies into the mixture; stir to combine.
Form brownie mixture into 1-inch balls; arrange on a baking sheet. Refrigerate until firm, about 2 hours. Insert a lollipop stick into each brownie ball.
Melt chocolate coating and chocolate chips in the top of a double boiler over simmering water, stirring frequently and scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula to avoid scorching. Keep warm.
Dip each brownie pop into the chocolate coating, allowing excess chocolate to drip back into the saucepan. Transfer the coated brownie pops onto a baking sheet or set upright into a piece of craft foam. Allow coating to set, about 1 hour.

Submitter: 
michellekb
Description: 
Brownie lollipops - a delicious brownie-candy combination! Easy to make and versatile enough to decorate for any occasion! Substitute white chocolate coating for chocolate if you like. Decorate with sprinkles or your favorite topping.
Categories:
Desserts
Specialty Desserts
Liqueur Desserts
Orange Liqueur

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
4 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
25
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
186 calories
12.2
g fat
20.8
g carbohydrates
2.3
g protein
30
mg cholesterol
70
mg sodium.
