URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228408/german-twists/
Title:
German Twists Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4406852.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (.25 ounce) package active dry yeast
1/4 cup warm water
3 1/2 cups bleached all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup butter, sliced
3/4 cup sour cream
1 large egg
2 large egg yolks
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 cup white sugar, or as needed

Directions:
Sprinkle yeast over warm water in a bowl and let activate while you complete remaining steps.
Place flour and salt into a food processor and pulse once or twice to combine. Scatter butter slices over flour and process until butter is thoroughly mixed into the flour, about 1 minute.
Whisk yeast mixture, sour cream, egg, egg yolks, and vanilla extract together in a bowl; pour mixture into food processor. Pulse several times, just until the dough starts to hold together and clean the sides of the bowl (do not overmix). Remove dough from food processor and divide in half; form each half into a thick disk, wrap in plastic wrap, and refrigerate at least 2 hours. For best texture, refrigerate overnight.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Line several baking sheets with parchment paper.
Sprinkle a work surface generously with sugar and roll out one of the dough disks into an 8x16-inch rectangle. Sprinkle dough with a generous amount of sugar. Fold the dough over in thirds, letter-style, and roll out again; fold as before and roll out and fold a third time, sprinkling dough with sugar each time. Finally, roll dough into a 4x14-inch rectangle, about 1/4 inch thick. Repeat process with second dough disk.
Cut strips from the short side of the dough rectangles, making them 1/2 to 3/4 inch wide. Place strips onto the parchment-lined baking sheets, twisting and slightly stretching them. If preferred, form into horseshoe shapes.
Bake in the preheated oven until lightly golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Cookies will puff up a bit to reveal delicate layers. Let cookies cool for about 5 minutes on sheets before transferring to wire cooling racks.

Submitter: 
Eliserae
Description: 
This rich and tender sour cream and yeast cookie is delicious and so lovely with its many delicate layers and twists. It is a classic and historic recipe for which many variations can be found. This updated version uses all butter and a food processor for wonderful flavor and ease of mixing. The rich yeast dough actually contains no sugar, but the sweetness and the layering results from well sugaring the dough and work surface, while rolling and folding it several times prior to cutting and shaping the cookies.
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
German

Number of ratings:
21 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.57142877578735
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
3 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
191 calories
9.9
g fat
22.8
g carbohydrates
2.8
g protein
48
mg cholesterol
159
mg sodium.
