URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228522/mamma-ks-fig-preserves-with-a-twist/
Title:
Mamma K's Fig Preserves with a Twist Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1904563.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cups fresh figs, stemmed and quartered
3 cups white sugar
1 lemon, thinly sliced and seeds removed
2 (3 ounce) packages strawberry-flavored Jell-O® mix
3 1-pint canning jars with lids and rings, or as needed

Directions:
Mix figs, sugar, lemon slices, and strawberry gelatin in a large pot. Let stand for 1 hour. Bring to a boil and cook over medium heat, stirring often to prevent burning, until foam has disappeared and the preserves are thickened, 25 to 40 minutes.
Sterilize jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Pack the fig preserves into the hot, sterilized jars, filling the jars to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a knife or a thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids, and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars into the boiling water using a holder. Leave a 2-inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary to bring the water level to at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a rolling boil, cover the pot, and process for 10 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Once cool, press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area, and wait at least 2 days before opening.

Submitter: 
mammak
Description: 
Many times people mistake my fig preserves for strawberry or blackberry jam. It is so easy to do, and my kids love the twist on the sometimes-boring fig preserves.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Jams and Jellies

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
36
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
92 calories
0.1
g fat
23.7
g carbohydrates
0.6
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
19
mg sodium.
