URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228560/green-tomato-and-pepper-relish/
Title:
Green Tomato and Pepper Relish Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7030379.jpg
Ingredients:
12 large green tomatoes, cut into large chunks
6 large green bell peppers, cut into large chunks
6 large red bell peppers, cut into large chunks
10 large onions, cut into large chunks
4 cups boiling water, or as needed
4 cups vinegar
5 cups white sugar
1 tablespoon salt
2 teaspoons ground turmeric
1 (8 ounce) jar mustard
6 (1 pint) canning jars with lids and rings

Directions:
Place green tomatoes, green bell peppers, red bell peppers, and onions in a food processor; pulse until coarsely chopped. Transfer to a large bowl. Pour boiling water over vegetable mixture; drain. Transfer vegetable mixture to a large pot. Add vinegar, sugar, salt, turmeric, and mustard; stir to combine. Bring mixture to a boil until vegetables are softened, 10 minutes.
Sterilize the jars, lids, and rings in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Pack the relish into the hot, sterilized jars, filling the jars to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a knife or a thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids, and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars into the boiling water using a holder. Leave a 2-inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary to bring the water level to at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a rolling boil, cover the pot, and process for 15 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Once cool, press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
AlyssaLibby
Description: 
A great relish to put on everything. You'll be cooking things just so you can use this recipe.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Relishes

Number of ratings:
7 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.42857122421265
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
64
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
88 calories
0.3
g fat
21.4
g carbohydrates
1.1
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
156
mg sodium.
