URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228524/strawberry-fig-preserves/
Title:
Strawberry Fig Preserves Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1041623.jpg
Ingredients:
4 cups fresh figs, stems removed
3 cups white sugar
1 (3 ounce) package strawberry flavored Jell-O®
5 half-pint canning jars with lids and rings, or as needed

Directions:
Mix figs and sugar together in a large saucepan, place over medium heat, and cook, stirring often, until sugar has dissolved. Mix in strawberry gelatin; bring the mixture to a boil and boil for 7 minutes. Mash preserves with a potato masher if desired.
Sterilize the jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Pack the fig preserves into the hot, sterilized jars, filling the jars to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a knife or a thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars into the boiling water using a holder. Leave a 2-inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary to bring the water level to at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a rolling boil, cover the pot, and process for 10 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Once cool, press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
Paula
Description: 
Everyone thinks these are strawberry preserves. No one has a clue they are made with figs! You can even use different flavors of gelatin like peach or raspberry. Since this recipe makes so little, you could skip the hot water bath and refrigerate the jars of preserves.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Jams and Jellies

Number of ratings:
33 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.63636350631714
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
40
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
78 calories
0
g fat
20
g carbohydrates
0.3
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
9
mg sodium.
