URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228622/peppy-pear-preserves/
Title:
Peppy Pear Preserves Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
3 pounds pears - peeled, cored, and chopped
4 cups white sugar
1/2 cup chopped crystallized ginger
1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice
2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger
1 teaspoon lemon zest

Directions:
Mix chopped pears with sugar, crystallized ginger, lemon juice, fresh ginger, and lemon zest in a large heavy pot; let the mixture stand for 2 hours for pears to release their juice. Place the pot over medium-high heat, bring to a boil; cook, stirring often, until preserves are thick and fall off a metal spoon in sheets, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Pear pieces will be translucent and preserves will be darkened.
Sterilize the jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Pack the pear preserves into the hot, sterilized jars, filling the jars to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a knife or a thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids, and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars into the boiling water using a holder. Leave a 2-inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary to bring the water level to at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a rolling boil, cover the pot, and process for 10 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Once cool, press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
Rachel
Description: 
It's the ginger in this one that distinguishes it from other pear preserves.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Jams and Jellies

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
48
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
84 calories
0
g fat
21.9
g carbohydrates
0.1
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
< 1
mg sodium.
