URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228678/zucchini-pickles/
Title:
Zucchini Pickles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3586906.jpg
Ingredients:
2 pounds zucchini, thinly sliced
1/2 pound onions, quartered and thinly sliced
1/4 cup salt
2 cups white sugar
2 cups apple cider vinegar
1 teaspoon celery seed
1 teaspoon ground turmeric
1 teaspoon prepared yellow mustard
2 teaspoons mustard seeds
3 1-quart canning jars with lids and rings

Directions:
Place zucchini and onions into a large bowl, cover with water, and stir in salt until dissolved. Let the vegetables soak in the salted water for at least 2 hours; drain and transfer to a large heatproof bowl.
Bring sugar, vinegar, celery seed, turmeric, mustard, and mustard seeds to a boil in a saucepan; pour the mixture over the zucchini and onions. Let the mixture stand for at least 2 more hours. Return zucchini, onions, and pickling liquid with spices to a large pot and bring to a boil. Boil for 3 minutes.
While vegetables are soaking in pickling liquid, sterilize jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Pack the zucchini and onion into the hot, sterilized jars, filling the jars to within 1/4 inch of the top with pickling liquid. Run a knife or a thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars into the boiling water using a holder. Leave a 2-inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary to bring the water level to at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a rolling boil, cover the pot, and process for 10 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Once cool, press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area, and wait at least 24 hours before opening.

Submitter: 
c@lover
Description: 
A great way to use all those zucchini your garden produced! Most of the time spent on this recipe is letting the ingredients stand.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Pickled

Number of ratings:
66 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.56060600280762
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 d 35 m
Number of servings: 
96
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
20 calories
0.1
g fat
4.8
g carbohydrates
0.2
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
2
mg sodium.
