URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228922/north-end-sunday-gravy/
Title:
North End Sunday Gravy Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/2041716.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 cup olive oil
2 pork neck bones
1 country-style pork rib
1 (8 ounce) beef chuck in 1 piece
1 beef rib, or more to taste
1 lamb shank (optional)
1/4 cup olive oil
1 pinch dried basil, or to taste
1 pinch dried mint, or to taste
1 pinch red pepper flakes, or to taste
1 onion, chopped
1 clove garlic, minced
1 (12 ounce) can tomato paste
2 (28 ounce) cans crushed tomatoes
7 cups water, or as needed
2 pinches dried basil
2 pinches dried mint
2 pinches crushed red pepper flakes
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 pound bulk Italian sausage
1/2 tablespoon white sugar, or to taste
1 pound ground beef
1/4 pound ground pork
2 eggs
1/2 cup milk
1 cup Italian bread crumbs
1/2 cup chopped Italian flat leaf parsley
1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1 clove garlic, minced
1 1/2 teaspoons olive oil

Directions:
Heat 1/4 cup olive oil in a stockpot over medium heat. Cook neck bones, country-style pork rib, beef chuck, beef rib, and lamb shank in hot oil, turning regularly, until browned on all sides, 7 to 10 minutes. Remove all the meat to a large bowl.
Pour another 1/4 cup olive oil into the stockpot and heat over medium heat; stir a pinch of basil, a pinch of mint, and a pinch of red pepper flakes into the oil. Cook and stir onions in hot oil until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add garlic; cook and stir 1 minute more. Stir the tomato paste into the onion mixture until incorporated. Pour crushed tomatoes and water into the mixture and bring to a low boil. Add an additional 2 pinches each of basil, mint, and red pepper flakes. Season with salt and black pepper.
Return the browned meats to the tomato mixture; bring to a simmer and cook, stirring every 15 minutes, for 2 1/2 hours. Remove the neck bones and discard.
Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Crumble Italian sausage into the skillet; cook and stir until crumbly, evenly browned, and no longer pink, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain and discard any excess grease. Stir sausage into the tomato sauce with sugar. Return the sauce to a simmer and cook another 1 1/2 hours.
Mix ground beef, ground pork, eggs, milk, Italian bread crumbs, parsley, Parmesan cheese, and garlic with your hands in a large bowl until evenly mixed; shape into 2-inch balls.
Heat 1 1/2 teaspoons in a skillet over medium heat. Cook the meat balls in hot oil until evenly browned, 5 to 7 minutes.
Add meatballs to the tomato sauce. Cook at a simmer for 1 hour, adding water as needed to keep sauce from becoming too thick. Remove stockpot from heat; let sit 2 to 3 minutes. Skim and discard any fat from the top of the sauce.

Submitter: 
owensjo
Description: 
This recipe takes some time but makes a delicious gravy that would make your Italian grandmother proud. The dried mint is not 'minty' at all but rather lends a sweetly herbal flavor to the sauce. You can leave out the lamb shank, but it is the secret ingredient that makes the sauce extra delicious. Many people prefer San Marzano® tomatoes, but they are expensive and I think our own domestic tomatoes actually make a better sauce.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Sauces
Pasta Sauces
Tomato

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
6 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
527 calories
35.8
g fat
25
g carbohydrates
28.4
g protein
110
mg cholesterol
869
mg sodium.
