URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228952/nigiri-sushi/
Title:
Nigiri Sushi Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
4 cups water
2 cups uncooked white rice
1/2 cup seasoned rice vinegar
1 teaspoon white sugar, or as needed
1 teaspoon salt, or as needed
1/4 pound hamachi (yellowtail)
1/4 pound maguro (tuna)
1/4 pound cooked Ebi (shrimp), shelled and butterflied
6 eggs
1/2 teaspoon white sugar
1/8 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon wasabi paste (optional)
1 sheet nori, cut into 1-inch strips

Directions:
Bring water and rice to a boil in a saucepan over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the rice is tender and the liquid has been absorbed, 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer rice to a bowl and cut in rice vinegar using a rice paddle or wooden spoon. Season with 1 teaspoon sugar and 1 teaspoon salt, or to taste. Allow to cool to room temperature, about 30 minutes.
Prepare fish for wrapping by slicing against the grain into thin pieces about 2 inches long and 1 inch wide. Refrigerate until ready to use.
Whisk eggs, 1/2 teaspoon sugar, and 1/4 teaspoon salt together in a bowl. Pour about 1/4 of the mixture in a thin layer in a large greased skillet over medium heat. Cook without stirring until cooked through, about 2 to 3 minutes. Roll into a log and set in one side of the pan. Repeat with 1/4 of the egg mixture, rolling each log into a new log, to create one large log. Slice omelet on the diagonal into pieces about 1/2-inch thick.
Place a piece of fish or shrimp in your hand and smear it lightly with wasabi paste if desired. Grab 1 to 2 tablespoons of rice and roll it into a small nugget in your hand. Place the rice ball on top of the fish or shrimp, squeezing gently to make it adhere. Set aside while you assemble the remaining pieces of fish and shrimp.
Take a slice of egg omelet in your hand, grab 1 to 2 tablespoons of rice, and roll it into a small nugget in your hand. Place the rice ball on top of the egg, squeezing gently to make it adhere.
Wrap a strip of nori around each package; moisten one end of the nori strip and seal to join.

Submitter: 
Allrecipes
Description: 
Seasoned rice is wrapped with fresh raw fish, cooked shrimp, or egg omelet for traditional Japanese nigiri sushi.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Japanese

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.25
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
2 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
557 calories
10.3
g fat
77.1
g carbohydrates
35
g protein
351
mg cholesterol
861
mg sodium.
