URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/229116/grilled-sausage-with-pepperonatta/
Title:
Grilled Sausage with Pepperonatta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/928117.jpg
Ingredients:
2 red bell peppers
1 yellow bell pepper
1 orange bell pepper
8 (3.5 ounce) links Italian sausage
1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil
1 large yellow onion, cut into large dice
1/2 cup red wine
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat grill for medium heat and lightly oil the grate.
Roast red, yellow, and orange bell peppers on the preheated grill until blackened on all sides, about 15 minutes. Turn peppers as they blacken. Transfer peppers to a large resealable plastic bag and close the bag; set peppers aside until cool. Strip off and discard the skins, remove stems and seeds, and dice the peppers.
Cook sausages on the grill until browned and no longer pink inside, about 8 minutes per side. An instant-read meat thermometer inserted into the center of a sausage should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C).
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat and cook onion until tender, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Add diced peppers to the onion mixture; cook and stir until heated through. Slice cooked sausages on the diagonal into bite-size pieces and stir into the onion and peppers.
Raise heat to medium-high and stir in red wine and oregano. Bring to a boil and cook, stirring often, until the red wine has reduced by one third, about 10 minutes. Season to taste with salt and black pepper.

Submitter: 
cookinwithmom
Description: 
We took a cooking class and learned this recipe. We LOVE it! Roasting the peppers gives it a rustic, slightly smoky layer of flavor. We serve it on top of Allrecipes' 'Pasta with Fennel and Onions,' for an Italian family feast!
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
Italian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3.5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
316 calories
24.3
g fat
8.5
g carbohydrates
12.8
g protein
36
mg cholesterol
761
mg sodium.
