URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/229342/maple-syrup-sugar-pie/
Title:
Maple Syrup Sugar Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1026633.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup vegetable shortening
1 cup all-purpose flour
1 egg
1/4 cup cold water
3/4 teaspoon vinegar
1 cup real maple syrup
2 eggs
3/4 cup sweetened condensed milk
1/2 cup dark brown sugar

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Chop vegetable shortening into flour in a bowl with a pastry cutter until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Whisk 1 egg with cold water and vinegar in a measuring cup. Use your fingers to make a well in the center of the flour mixture and pour about half the egg mixture into the well; mix the liquid ingredients into the flour mixture. Mix remaining half of egg mixture into dough, stirring just until combined.
Roll dough into an 10-inch circle on a floured work surface and fit the pie crust into the bottom of an 8-inch pie dish. Trim and flute the edges of the crust.
Whisk maple syrup, 2 eggs, sweetened condensed milk, and brown sugar together in a bowl until brown sugar has dissolved. Pour filling into crust.
Bake in the preheated oven until the filling is set and small spots of sugary crust form on top of the filling, about 45 minutes. Chill until cold and firm, 5 to 6 hours, before serving.

Submitter: 
CAIROTAIVA
Description: 
My husband's coworker was looking for someone to bake him a perfect sugar pie, which I'm told is served as a traditional dessert in Quebec, Canada. Of course, I took up the challenge when he asked and was able to come up with this recipe. He states that he's never seen his mom take two helpings of dessert and that its taste and texture is perfect. The pie crust is my mom's recipe. This is a very sweet pie and I have found that a good quality maple syrup is essential. You can also add raisins or currants for a little bit of a switch-up!
Categories:
Desserts
Pies
Vintage Pies

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.75
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
6 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
444 calories
17.4
g fat
67.6
g carbohydrates
6.3
g protein
80
mg cholesterol
71
mg sodium.
