URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/229536/glazed-turkey-with-maille-honey-dijon-mustard/
Title:
Glazed Turkey with Maille® Honey Dijon Mustard Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/987964.jpg
Ingredients:
Stuffing:
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
4 slices lightly smoked bacon, rinded and chopped
1 onion, peeled and finely chopped
6 tablespoons fresh white breadcrumbs
8 dried apricots, snipped
1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley
Salt and freshly ground black pepper
Turkey:
1 lemon cut into quarters
1 onion cut into quarters
1 (10 pound) turkey
3 tablespoons Maille® Honey Dijon mustard
Vegetables:
8 baby beets, trimmed
1 butternut squash peeled, seeded and chunked
8 baby red onions, peeled and trimmed
8 baby turnips, trimmed
2 celery hearts, quartered
16 baby zucchini, trimmed
Olive oil for drizzling

Directions:
First make the stuffing. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a pan and fry bacon. Add remaining oil to pan and gently fry onion over low heat to soften, but not brown. Place breadcrumbs in a bowl and add bacon and onion, apricots and parsley. Season well.
Using pastry brush, paint Maille(R) Honey Dijon mustard over turkey. Place lemon and onion in turkey cavity and season. Spoon stuffing into neck end, pressing in tightly. Secure neck flap underneath. Lightly cover with foil. Place in a pre-heated oven at 350 degrees F and roast for 3 1/2 hours, basting every hour and replacing foil. Test for thorough cooking by piercing the thick part of the thigh with a skewer. The juices should run clear with no pink tinge.
Place vegetables in a roasting tin, drizzle with olive oil and season. Place in oven 35 minutes before the end of roasting time. Turn occasionally.

Submitter: 
Maille
Description: 
This roast turkey is filled with a flavorful stuffing of bacon, Dijon mustard, apricots, onions, and breadcrumbs and roasted with root vegetables, celery, and zucchini. It's an elegant and satisfying meal for Thanksgiving, or any special occasion.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
Maille&#174;

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
1245 calories
54.1
g fat
63.9
g carbohydrates
125.9
g protein
345
mg cholesterol
651
mg sodium.
