URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/229522/cherry-berries-on-a-cloud/
Title:
Cherry Berries on a Cloud Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 (3 ounce) package cream cheese, softened
1/2 cup white sugar
1 cup miniature marshmallows
1 (8 ounce) container frozen whipped topping, thawed
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
4 egg whites
1 teaspoon cream of tartar
1 cup white sugar
1 (12 ounce) can cherry pie filling
8 ounces frozen strawberries, thawed and drained (optional)
1 teaspoon lemon juice

Directions:
Beat cream cheese and 1/2 cup sugar together in a bowl. Stir marshmallows, whipped topping, and vanilla through the cream cheese mixture. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate 8 to 12 hours.
Preheat oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C).
Beat egg whites with cream of tartar in a large bowl; add 1 cup sugar in small amounts into the egg white mixture and keep beating until very stiff. Draw a large circle onto a piece of brown paper or parchment.  Fill in the circle with the meringue mixture building up the sides.
Draw a large circle onto a sheet parchment paper. Fill the circle with the egg white mixture building up the sides to form a large cylinder.
Bake in preheated oven for 1 hour. Turn heat off and let meringue cool undisturbed in the oven without ever opening the oven door for 1 hour more.
Stir cherry pie filling, strawberries, and lemon juice together in a bowl.
Gently spread cream cheese mixture over the top of the meringue; top with cherry pie filling mixture.

Submitter: 
MrsA
Description: 
Beautiful and light meringue based dessert. Excellent for Valentine's day and Christmas. I often make individual servings using a coffee mug for a pattern. Your guests will think you have slaved for hours.
Categories:
Desserts
Specialty Desserts
Pavlova

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
10 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
242 calories
7.2
g fat
42.8
g carbohydrates
2.2
g protein
8
mg cholesterol
55
mg sodium.
