URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/229532/mini-veggie-pizza-with-maille-honey-dijon-mustard/
Title:
Mini Veggie Pizza with Maille® Honey Dijon Mustard Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/992148.jpg
Ingredients:
Pizza dough:
1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
3/4 cup slightly warm water
1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil
1 tablespoon salt
1/4 ounce active dry yeast
Leek Fondue with Maille® Honey Dijon mustard:
1 leek (white part only)
1 1/2 tablespoons butter
2 tablespoons Maille® Honey Dijon mustard
1 cup whipping cream
1 tablespoon whisky
Salt and fresh ground pepper
Vegetables:
2 potatoes
8 red cherry tomatoes
1 cup Parmesan cheese
Handful of arugula leaves
Balsamic vinegar

Directions:
Pizza dough: Mix all the ingredients together in a large bowl and knead the dough for 5 minutes. Let it rest for 1 hour. Divide the dough into 4 equally sized balls. Let balls rest for 30 minutes, then flatten each with a rolling pin and place on an oven tray.
Leek Fondue with Maille(R) Honey Dijon mustard: Slice the leek as thinly as possible and wash it. Melt the butter in a sauce pan then add the sliced leek. Cook the leek gently for 10 minutes. Add the whipping cream and the Maille(R) Honey Dijon mustard. Cook gently for 5 minutes. Once cooked add the whisky. Season with salt and freshly ground pepper, then chill.
Vegetables: Boil potatoes until tender. Peel and cut the potatoes in thin slices. Sprinkle on Parmesan cheese. Slice the cherry tomatoes in half.
Assembly: Cover the flattened pizza dough with the Maille(R) Honey Dijon mustard leek fondue. Top with the slices of potatoes and sliced cherry tomatoes. Cook the pizzas at 430 degrees F for 8 minutes. Top with a few leaves of arugula and a splash of balsamic vinegar. Serve hot.

Submitter: 
Maille
Description: 
These vegetarian pizzas are topped with a creamy leek and Dijon mustard white sauce and vegetables, elevating this from a simple supper to a splendid dinner!
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
Maille&#174;

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
666 calories
38
g fat
63
g carbohydrates
17.4
g protein
111
mg cholesterol
2123
mg sodium.
