URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/229899/apple-butter-for-the-slow-cooker/
Title:
Apple Butter for the Slow Cooker Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5933545.jpg
Ingredients:
12 apples - peeled, cored, and cut into small cubes
2 cups brown sugar
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon ground allspice
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves

Directions:
Combine apples, brown sugar, cinnamon, allspice, salt, and cloves in a slow cooker.
Cook on High until the apples are tender enough to easily mash with a fork, 4 to 6 hours.
Puree apple mixture with an immersion blender until smooth.
Sterilize the jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Pack apple butter into the hot, sterilized jars, filling the jars to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a knife or a thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids, and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars into the boiling water using a holder. Leave a 2-inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary to bring the water level to at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a rolling boil, cover the pot, and process for 10 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Once cool, press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
Carrie Whitney Milburn
Description: 
Slow cooker apple butter. Friends have told me it is THE BEST ever! We name ours 'Panther Butter' for our local high school football team!
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Fruit Butters

Number of ratings:
29 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.68965530395508
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
4 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
112
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
23 calories
0
g fat
5.9
g carbohydrates
0
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
6
mg sodium.
