URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/229895/slow-cooker-apple-butter-for-food-gifts/
Title:
Slow Cooker Apple Butter for Food Gifts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/2968646.jpg
Ingredients:
10 apples, peeled, cored, and chopped
1 cup white sugar
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, or more to taste
1/2 teaspoon ground cloves (optional)
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
8 half pint canning jars with lids and rings

Directions:
Cook apples in slow cooker on Low until apples are very soft, about 18 hours.
Puree apples in a blender or food processor; return pureed apples to the slow cooker. Stir sugar, cinnamon, cloves, and nutmeg through the pureed apples.
Continue cooking on Low until thick, about 4 hours.
Sterilize the jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Pack the apple butter into the hot, sterilized jars, filling the jars to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a knife or a thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids, and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars into the boiling water using a holder. Leave a 2-inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary to bring the water level to at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a rolling boil, cover the pot, and process for 10 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Once cool, press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
Maria
Description: 
After trying a few different recipes and methods for gifts this year, I finally found one that worked well in the kitchen and in the jar!  Everyone thought this one was perfect - not too sweet, but just right! Serve immediately, can into sterilized jars and process, or cool and freeze.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Fruit Butters

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
22 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
64
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
24 calories
0
g fat
6.2
g carbohydrates
0.1
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
< 1
mg sodium.
