URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/229948/slow-cooker-white-chili-with-chicken/
Title:
Slow Cooker White Chili with Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/917441.jpg
Ingredients:
½ pound dried Great Northern beans
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
1 small onion, chopped
3 cups chicken broth
1 tablespoon chopped jalapeno pepper
1 teaspoon ground cumin
½ teaspoon ground oregano
½ teaspoon garlic powder
1  tomato, chopped (optional)
4 ounces shredded Mexican cheese blend (optional)
¼ cup chopped fresh cilantro, or to taste (optional)

Directions:
Place Great Northern beans into a large container and cover with several inches of cool water; let stand 8 hours to overnight. Drain and rinse beans.
Place beans, chicken, onion, chicken broth, jalapeno pepper, cumin, oregano, and garlic powder in a slow cooker.
Cook on High for 4 hours or on Low for 8 hours. Remove chicken breasts from the chili and place on a work surface; shred chicken breasts with a fork and mix back into chili.
Spoon chili into 4 bowls; top each serving with 1/4 of the chopped tomato, 1 ounce Mexican cheese blend, and 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro.

Submitter: 
Renee
Description: 
Not your average chili. Because this is a chili and not a stew or soup, it is deliberately under-watered. I would add 1 cup of water if you are planning on leaving the house while this cooks, especially on High. And if you are using frozen chicken, allow an extra hour to reach the correct consistency. Also, you may need to add salt depending on how salty the broth you are using is. If you like your chili spicier, I would add a lot more jalapenos. I think I used about 3 tablespoons on a half recipe of this. For a more intense cumin flavor, use cumin seeds instead or add the cumin at the end.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
39 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.1
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
12 hrs 15 mins
Number of servings: 
8 hrs
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
416 calories
12.9
g fat
32.8
g carbohydrates
42.2
g protein
95
mg cholesterol
1000
mg sodium.
