URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/230068/grandmas-chicken-n-stuffing/
Title:
Grandma's Chicken 'n Stuffing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/967618.jpg
Ingredients:
cooking spray
6  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, cut into thirds
2 cups water
1 cup butter
1 (14 ounce) package dry bread stuffing mix (such as Brownberry(<sup>&reg;</sup>) Traditional Sage and Onion Flavor)
½ teaspoon chicken bouillon granules
½ cup hot water
6 tablespoons butter
½  onion, diced
¼ cup all-purpose flour
5 cups milk
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray a 9x13-inch baking dish with cooking spray.
Arrange chicken breast pieces in the baking dish. Bring water and 1 cup butter to a boil in a large saucepan, stirring until butter is melted; lightly stir stuffing mix into water and butter and fluff with a fork. Spread the stuffing over the chicken breast pieces.
Stir chicken bouillon granules into 1/2 cup hot water until dissolved; set aside.
Melt 6 tablespoons butter in a saucepan over medium heat; cook and stir onion in the hot butter until translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir flour into butter and onion, mashing the flour with the butter with the back of a spoon until smooth and paste-like. Whisk chicken bouillon into the butter and flour mixture, followed by milk. Heat until the sauce is thick and smooth, 5 to 10 minutes, whisking constantly. Season sauce with salt and black pepper. Pour sauce over stuffing and chicken.
Bake in the preheated oven until the chicken is no longer pink inside and the dish is bubbling, about 1 hour. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).

Submitter: 
Ginny Maziarka
Description: 
A warm and comforting dish that complements potatoes or rice. A touch of Thanksgiving without all the fuss! Serve a side of fresh green beans and cranberry sauce for that special touch that will leave your guests THANKFUL. Don't use skim milk.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
3 Ratings
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 25 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
872 calories
50.9
g fat
65.6
g carbohydrates
37.2
g protein
187
mg cholesterol
1515
mg sodium.
