URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/230142/spicy-chicken-broccoli-casserole-with-fresh-arugula/
Title:
Spicy Chicken Broccoli Casserole with Fresh Arugula Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/2449868.jpg
Ingredients:
cooking spray
4  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
1 head broccoli, cut into small pieces
3 tablespoons butter
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
½ cup chicken stock
½ cup milk
½ cup chopped onion
¼  red bell pepper, chopped
1  serrano chile pepper, minced
1  habanero pepper, minced (wear gloves)
1  carrot, minced
1 teaspoon butter
½ cup chopped fresh mushrooms
¼ cup bread crumbs
½ cup grated Parmesan cheese
1 cup arugula, or to taste

Directions:
Spray a skillet with cooking spray and place over medium heat; cook chicken in the hot skillet until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 6 to 8 minutes per side. Set chicken aside.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray a 9x13-inch casserole dish with cooking spray.
Place broccoli in the prepared casserole dish.
Melt 3 tablespoons butter in a saucepan over medium heat; stir flour into the melted butter until combined and thickened, 3 to 5 minutes. Slowly pour in chicken stock and milk, stirring constantly; continue cooking and stirring until sauce is thickened, 5 to 10 more minutes.
Stir onion, red bell pepper, serrano chile pepper, habanero pepper, and carrot into the sauce; simmer until vegetables are slightly softened, 5 to 10 minutes.
Cut the cooled chicken into cubes and sprinkle over broccoli. Pour sauce over chicken and broccoli.
Heat 1 teaspoon butter in a skillet over medium heat; cook and stir mushrooms until tender, 5 to 10 minutes. Spoon over sauce layer in the casserole dish. Sprinkle bread crumbs and Parmesan cheese over mushroom layer.
Bake in the preheated oven until cooked through and bubbling, about 30 minutes. Turn on the oven's broiler; broil casserole until topping is browned, 2 to 4 minutes.
Spoon casserole into 4 bowls and sprinkle 1/4 cup arugula atop each serving.

Submitter: 
tolunda
Description: 
This is my slightly healthier and much spicier version of this yummy comfort food. I threw it together with the veggies I had on hand and it turned out delicious, so fiance asked me to save it in our rotation. We like everything pretty insanely spicy, so if you don't, just omit the habanero and serrano peppers.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
5 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.4
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 20 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
371 calories
16.9
g fat
20.8
g carbohydrates
34.1
g protein
104
mg cholesterol
466
mg sodium.
