URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/230291/french-peppermint-cookies-with-chocolate-ganache/
Title:
French Peppermint Cookies with Chocolate Ganache Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/958409.jpg
Ingredients:
3 egg whites at room temperature
1/4 cup white sugar
1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar
1 dash peppermint extract, or to taste
2 cups confectioners' sugar, or as needed
1 (6 ounce) package semisweet chocolate chips
3/4 cup heavy whipping cream, or as needed
1 teaspoon white sugar, or to taste
1 peppermint candy cane, finely crushed

Directions:
Move rack to the bottom of oven and preheat oven to 175 degrees F (80 degrees C). Line baking sheets with aluminum foil.
Whisk egg whites and 1/4 cup white sugar in the top of a double boiler set over simmering water until smooth. Whisk cream of tartar and peppermint extract into egg mixture and beat until foamy. Gradually whisk confectioners' sugar into mixture, beating until egg white meringue holds stiff peaks.
Scoop about 1 tablespoon of meringue per cookie and gently transfer to the prepared baking sheets; use spoon to shape the meringue cookies into football shape with 2 gently pointed ends.
Bake cookies on bottom rack of the preheated oven until dry on the outside but still slightly soft in the centers, about 1 1/2 hours. Let cool completely before removing from baking sheets.
Melt chocolate chips in the top of a double boiler over simmering water until melted, stirring until smooth. Gradually mix cream into chocolate until mixture is thick but not pasty; stir 1 teaspoon white sugar into chocolate ganache until sugar has dissolved. Dip cookies in ganache. Place dipped cookies atop a piece of parchment paper and sprinkle with crushed peppermint candy. Let cookies set; refrigerate leftovers.

Submitter: 
Lillie
Description: 
Crisp on the outside, softer in the middle, and coated with creamy chocolate ganache. These French-influenced cookies have a meringue-and-confectioners'-sugar base with peppermint flavoring and peppermint candy. You may add any flavoring, including cinnamon, creme de menthe, raspberry, orange, etc. in lieu of peppermint. Garnish with peppermint or as desired.
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
French

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
115 calories
4.9
g fat
18.5
g carbohydrates
0.9
g protein
10
mg cholesterol
11
mg sodium.
