URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/230326/gnocchi-with-chicken-pesto-and-fresh-mozzarella/
Title:
Gnocchi with Chicken, Pesto and Fresh Mozzarella Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/973829.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 skinless, boneless chicken breast half - cut into 1 1/2-inch cubes
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 tablespoons chicken broth
1 (8 ounce) jar prepared pesto
1 (12 ounce) package potato gnocchi
4 ounces small fresh mozzarella balls

Directions:
Heat olive oil in a saucepan. Season chicken pieces with salt and pepper; cook and stir in the hot oil until no longer pink in the middle, 7 to 10 minutes. Remove chicken to a bowl using a slotted spoon, retaining drippings in the pan.
Pour chicken broth into the saucepan. Bring broth to a boil while scraping the browned bits of food off of the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon; continue cooking until the broth reduces in volume by about half, 7 to 10 minutes. Return cooked chicken to the saucepan. Stir pesto through the chicken mixture; remove from heat.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a rolling boil. Cook gnocchi at a boil until they float to the top, about 3 minutes. Remove gnocchi from the water to a large bowl using a slotted spoon, retaining water in the pot.
Place the saucepan with the chicken and pesto over the boiling water; cook and stir over the boiling water until warmed completely, about 5 minutes. Pour chicken and pesto mixture over the gnocchi; add mozzarella and stir until evenly mixed.

Submitter: 
slocatelli
Description: 
Quick recipe that can be made with prepared gnocchi and pesto, plus chicken breast and fresh mozzarella. Very easy; so easy, I'm sure it borders on a non-recipe. You're really just combining ingredients. You can also experiment with adding other ingredients, like mushrooms or veggies.  Anything that needs to be cooked can probably be added at the chicken stage. I did not add any onions or garlic, because the pesto I used already had both, but if your pesto does not, you can add those with the oil as well.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Chicken
Chicken Breasts
Pasta

Number of ratings:
33 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.63636350631714
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
570 calories
44
g fat
20.1
g carbohydrates
24.5
g protein
75
mg cholesterol
653
mg sodium.
