URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/230573/pecan-encrusted-stuffed-chicken-breasts/
Title:
Pecan Encrusted Stuffed Chicken Breasts Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F964860.jpg
Ingredients:
1 ½ cups water
¼ cup butter, or as needed
1 (6 ounce) package chicken-flavored stuffing mix (such as StoveTop®)
1 cup all-purpose flour
2  eggs, beaten
½ cup bread crumbs
½ cup finely chopped pecans
salt and ground black pepper to taste
4  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - pounded thin
4 slices provolone cheese
1 cup canola oil, or as needed

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Bring water and butter to a boil in a saucepan; stir in stuffing mix. Cover and remove saucepan from heat. Let stand until water is absorbed, 5 minutes; fluff stuffing with a fork.
Place flour in a medium bowl. Whisk eggs in a separate bowl. Combine bread crumbs, pecans, salt, and pepper together in a third bowl.
Fill each chicken breast with 1/4 of the stuffing and a provolone cheese slice. Roll each chicken breast around the filling; tie kitchen twine around each rolled breast to keep closed.
Coat each chicken roll in flour; dip each chicken roll into whisked eggs. Press each chicken roll in the bread crumb-pecan mixture until fully coated.
Pour canola oil into a large skillet to a depth of 1/4 inch and heat until little wisps of smoke rise from the oil.
Fry coated chicken in the hot oil until crust is lightly browned, about 5 minutes per side; transfer to a baking dish.
Bake in the preheated oven until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 20 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).

Submitter: 
Chad Hammond
Description: 
Boneless chicken breasts are stuffed with cheese and stuffing mix and encrusted with a delicious pecan and bread crumb mixture.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
3 Ratings
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
45 mins
Number of servings: 
5 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
831 calories
42.3
g fat
66.5
g carbohydrates
46.3
g protein
208
mg cholesterol
1303
mg sodium.
