URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/230737/chicken-paprika/
Title:
Chicken Paprika Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F1540931.jpg
Ingredients:
⅓ cup all-purpose flour
2 tablespoons paprika
1 teaspoon salt
1 pinch ground black pepper
6  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, cut into bite-size pieces
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1  onion, chopped
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 cup chicken stock
2 tablespoons tomato paste
1 ½ cups sour cream
1 tablespoon paprika
1 teaspoon cornstarch

Directions:
Mix flour, 2 tablespoons paprika, salt, and pepper on a shallow plate. Dip chicken pieces in mixture to coat.
Heat vegetable oil in a heavy skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir chicken in hot oil until browned completely, about 5 minutes. Remove chicken with a slotted spoon to a bowl, reserving oil and drippings in skillet.
Cook and stir onion and garlic in the reserved drippings until tender, about 5 minutes. Return chicken to the skillet. Pour chicken stock over the chicken mixture. Stir tomato paste into the chicken stock until integrated completely.
Bring the chicken stock to a boil, reduce heat to medium-low, place a cover on the skillet, and cook at a simmer until the chicken is cooked through, 5 to 8 minutes.
Whisk sour cream, 1 teaspoon paprika, and cornstarch together in a small bowl; stir into the chicken mixture and cook until hot, 2 to 3 minutes.

Submitter: 
Khall88
Description: 
My whole family, full of picky eaters, loves this dish, and it's great for freezing and reheating on a cold day or for an easy dinner on cold nights. This dish comes out as more like a stew than a meat with a sauce. Serve over egg noodles or hot cooked rice. Goes great with fresh, crusty pumpernickel bread for hearty winter meal. Easy to make and can be kept on low heat on the stove for lengthy parties.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
33 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.21
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
40 mins
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
170 calories
9.8
g fat
7.8
g carbohydrates
13
g protein
42
mg cholesterol
313
mg sodium.
