URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/230735/sweet-chili-lime-chicken-with-cilantro-couscous/
Title:
Sweet Chili Lime Chicken with Cilantro Couscous Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, cubed
1 pinch monosodium glutamate (such as Ac'cent(<sup>&reg;</sup>)), or to taste
6 tablespoons soy sauce
6 tablespoons brown sugar
½ teaspoon red pepper flakes, or more to taste
1  lime, juiced and zested
2 cups vegetable broth
1 cup couscous
⅓ cup chopped cilantro
4 wedges lime for garnish

Directions:
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat; cook and stir chicken breast cubes in the hot oil until the juices run clear and chicken is no longer pink inside, 5 to 6 minutes. Sprinkle chicken with monosodium glutamate as it cooks. Remove chicken from skillet.
Mix soy sauce, brown sugar, red pepper flakes, lime juice, and lime zest in a bowl, stirring to dissolve sugar. Pour sauce into hot skillet, bring to a boil, and reduce heat to low. Simmer, stirring occasionally, until sauce begins to reduce slightly, 3 to 4 minutes. Mix cooked chicken into sauce and cook until sauce forms a glaze on chicken pieces, about 2 to 3 more minutes, stirring often.
Bring vegetable broth to a boil in a saucepan. Stir couscous into vegetable broth, turn off the heat, and let couscous stand until broth is absorbed, about 5 minutes. Stir cilantro into couscous.
Arrange couscous onto a serving platter, top with chicken and sauce, and serve with lime wedges. Squeeze lime wedges over couscous and chicken before serving.

Submitter: 
Grumpy's Honeybunch
Description: 
A very flavorful Asian-type meal with a sweet heat that incorporates my favorite flavors (chili, lime, and cilantro) with a little bit of sugar. The sauce glazes the chicken and is wonderful over the cilantro couscous. You can substitute salt and pepper to taste for MSG.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
94 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.6
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
35 mins
Number of servings: 
5 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
380 calories
6.2
g fat
52
g carbohydrates
28.4
g protein
59
mg cholesterol
1675
mg sodium.
