URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/230868/shrimp-broccoli-rabe-and-tomatoes-over-penne-pasta/
Title:
Shrimp, Broccoli Rabe, and Tomatoes Over Penne Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/1111232.jpg
Ingredients:
12 ounces penne pasta
¼ cup extra-virgin olive oil
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 pound uncooked shrimp, peeled and deveined
1 bunch broccoli rabe
⅛ teaspoon red pepper flakes (optional)
¾ cup cream of chicken soup
2 tablespoons dry white wine
1 pound ripe tomatoes, diced and drained
2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice
½ cup chopped fresh basil, divided
1 cup shredded Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, divided
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a boil. Stir in penne and return to a boil. Cook pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, until cooked through but still firm to the bite, about 11 minutes. Drain penne and place in a large serving bowl.
Heat olive oil in a deep skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir garlic in the hot oil until fragrant, about 30 seconds; add shrimp and cook until pink and opaque, about 2 minutes. Remove shrimp and set aside, reserving olive oil in skillet.
Add broccoli rabe and red pepper flakes to skillet; cook and stir until rabe is tender and bright green, about 5 minutes. Add cream of chicken soup, white wine, diced tomatoes, cooked shrimp, lemon juice, 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil, 1/2 cup grated Parmigiano Reggiano cheese, salt, and ground black pepper; cook and stir until tomatoes are heated through, about 2 minutes.
Toss shrimp and broccoli rabe mixture with penne in serving bowl; top with remaining 1/4 cup basil and 1/2 cup Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese.

Submitter: 
Nabom
Description: 
This shrimp and vegetable pasta dish goes great with a light, crisp white wine. If you love shrimp and you love pasta, why not add some vegetables.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
7 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.57
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
55 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
461 calories
16.9
g fat
49.6
g carbohydrates
27.8
g protein
127
mg cholesterol
582
mg sodium.
