URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/230986/blood-orange-chicken/
Title:
Blood Orange Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F972201.jpg
Ingredients:
4  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
2  blood oranges, juiced
3 tablespoons olive oil
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 tablespoon butter
½  onion, minced
3 cloves garlic, chopped
3  blood oranges, juiced
¾ cup chicken stock
3 tablespoons dry white wine
1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley
1 tablespoon honey

Directions:
Place chicken breasts into a baking dish. Squeeze juice of 2 blood oranges over chicken. Marinate from 12 to 24 hours; drain and discard used marinade.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Season each chicken breast with salt and black pepper. Brown chicken in hot oil on both sides, about 4 minutes per side; transfer to a plate and cover with aluminum foil.
Melt butter in a clean skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir onion and garlic in melted butter until onion is translucent and garlic has begun to brown, about 5 minutes. Stir in juice of 3 blood oranges, chicken stock, white wine, and parsley. Bring mixture to a boil. Return chicken breasts to skillet, reduce heat to low, and cover. Simmer until chicken is no longer pink inside, about 7 minutes per side.
Place chicken to serving plates, leaving pan juices; dissolve honey in the pan juices and simmer sauce until thickened, about 2 minutes. Spoon sauce over chicken breasts to serve.

Submitter: 
Christie Biggers
Description: 
I am so in love with blood oranges! And I set out to create a dish that highlighted their deep citrus flavor and absolutely beautiful coloring! However, this dish can be made with navel oranges as well, if blood oranges are out of season. Pairs really well with some fresh steamed vegetables for a healthy dinner!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
12 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
12 hrs 45 mins
Number of servings: 
12 hrs
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
349 calories
19.2
g fat
19
g carbohydrates
23
g protein
67
mg cholesterol
202
mg sodium.
