URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/230961/dad-gs-crab-cakes/
Title:
Dad G's Crab Cakes Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons margarine
½ cup minced onion
½ cup minced green bell pepper
1 tablespoon dry mustard
1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
1 teaspoon seafood seasoning (such as Old Bay(<sup>&reg;</sup>))
¾ teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon hot pepper sauce (such as Tabasco(<sup>&reg;</sup>))
¼ teaspoon ground black pepper
1 pinch cayenne pepper
¼ cup all-purpose flour
1 ¼ cups light cream
1 pound crab meat
2  egg yolks, beaten
½ cup bread crumbs
1 tablespoon melted butter
½ teaspoon paprika
1 cup corn oil, or as needed

Directions:
Melt margarine in a skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir onion and green bell pepper in margarine until tender, about 5 minutes. Stir mustard, Worcestershire sauce, seafood seasoning, salt, hot pepper sauce, black pepper, and cayenne pepper into the onion mixture. Sprinkle flour over the mixture; stir to integrate. Pour cream over the mixture; bring to a boil, stirring constantly and cook for 1 minute. Fold crab meat into the mixture.
Spoon some of the liquid from the skillet into the bowl with the beaten egg yolks to temper the egg; stir. Pour the egg mixture into the skillet and stir. Cook, stirring constantly, until the mixture thickens, about 5 minutes.
Transfer crab mixture to a bowl; refrigerate until chilled completely, about 1 hour.
Mix bread crumbs, melted butter, and paprika in a shallow bowl.
Divide the crab mixture into 4 portions; form into patties. Gently press the patties into the bread crumb mixture to coat.
Pour enough corn oil into a flat-bottomed pan to be 1-inch deep; heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Cook patties in hot oil until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes per side.

Submitter: 
chrisG
Description: 
Great crab cake recipe. Thanks Dad. We miss you!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
2 Ratings
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 50 mins
Number of servings: 
1 hr
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
326 calories
13.3
g fat
25.4
g carbohydrates
25.6
g protein
177
mg cholesterol
1113
mg sodium.
