URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/231098/recado-de-pepian-indio-guatemalan-pepian-indio-sauce/
Title:
Recado de Pepian Indio (Guatemalan Pepian Indio Sauce) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1096039.jpg
Ingredients:
6 tomatoes
8 fresh tomatillos, husks removed
1 onion, peeled
2 garlic cloves
2 tablespoons sesame seeds
2 tablespoons hulled pumpkin seeds
1 thick slice of French baguette
4 sprigs fresh cilantro
1 teaspoon salt
2 black peppercorns
3 cups chicken broth
1/4 cup olive oil
1 chayote, cut into 8 pieces
4 potatoes, thickly sliced
1 cup fresh corn kernels
3 cups chicken broth

Directions:
Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat; place tomatoes, tomatillos, onion, and garlic into the hot skillet and stir until vegetables are lightly charred, about 20 minutes. Remove vegetables from skillet; stir sesame and pumpkin seeds into the hot skillet, stirring until seeds are lightly toasted, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat.
Toast baguette slice in a toaster. Place baguette slice, tomatoes, onion, garlic, sesame seeds, cilantro, salt, and black peppercorns into a blender; pulse several times to chop, then blend the mixture until smooth. Pour 3 cups chicken broth into blender and puree again.
Strain blended sauce through a sieve and pour into a large saucepan; stir olive oil into sauce. Place over medium-high heat, bring to a boil, and cook for 3 minutes. Stir chayote, potatoes, and corn into sauce; stir in 3 cups chicken broth. Bring back to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer until chayote and potatoes are tender, about 20 minutes.

Submitter: 
El_Ixto
Description: 
Pepian is among the 4 national dishes of Guatemala. Pepian is hot, hearty, simple, yet complex. In Guatemala, pepian has as many variations as there are cooks. Here is my recipe for a simpler version of this sauce. Serve with white rice.
Categories:
Side Dish
Vegetables
Tomatoes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
319 calories
13.6
g fat
44.6
g carbohydrates
8.4
g protein
5
mg cholesterol
1386
mg sodium.
