URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/231117/lobster-pot-pie/
Title:
Lobster Pot Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup clarified butter, divided
1 cup minced onion
1 tablespoon thinly sliced shallots
1 tablespoon minced garlic
1 tablespoon thinly sliced leeks
1 cup diced acorn squash
1 cup minced parsnips
1 cup diced carrots
1 cup minced celery
1/2 cup diced celery root (celeriac)
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
4 cups lobster stock
1 cup minced crimini mushrooms
6 tablespoons sherry wine
1/2 cup chopped fresh tarragon
1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley
1/4 teaspoon hot pepper sauce (such as Tabasco®)
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 bay leaves
2 tablespoons sherry vinegar
1 cup cooked and coarsely chopped lobster meat
1 cup sweet baby peas
1 (17.5 ounce) package frozen puff pastry, thawed

Directions:
Heat 1/4 cup butter in a skillet over medium heat; stir in onion. Cook and stir until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes. Mix in shallots, garlic, and leeks; cook until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Add acorn squash, parsnips, carrots, celery, and celery root. Reduce heat to low and cook vegetables until softened, about 10 minutes. Transfer vegetables to a bowl.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (232 degrees C).
Heat remaining butter in the same skillet over medium heat until a pinch of flour sprinkled into the oil will just begin to bubble. Whisk in flour to form a thick paste the consistency of cake frosting. Continue cooking the roux, whisking constantly, until flour has turned golden and begins to smell like toast, about 20 minutes.
Stir vegetable mixture, lobster stock, mushrooms, sherry wine, tarragon, parsley, pepper sauce, salt, and pepper into the roux. Cook and stir gently until thick, 12 to 15 minutes. Stir in sherry vinegar. Add lobster meat and peas. Spoon roux mixture into a casserole dish or ramekins. Cover and place near or above the hot oven until ready to use.
Unroll puff pastry. Cut sheets into crusts slightly larger than the pie plate. Press 1 layer onto the bottom of a 9-inch pie plate.
Bake bottom crust in the preheated oven until light brown, about 8 minutes. Remove from oven and fill with roux mixture. Place top crust over filling; press its edges onto the bottom crust to seal.
Continue baking until top crust is golden brown, 30 to 35 minutes.

Submitter: 
ABoston
Description: 
Rich pot pie, perfect evening comfort food on a cold night! It is labor-intensive and expensive, but the end result is worth the effort--avoid shortcuts and substitutions if possible. Lobster stock is the easiest way to cut down on cost without sacrificing taste.
Categories:
Seafood
Shellfish
Lobster

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
2 h 27 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
583 calories
37.4
g fat
47.4
g carbohydrates
14.1
g protein
47
mg cholesterol
565
mg sodium.
