URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/231301/low-fat-lemon-raspberry-cake/
Title:
Low-Fat Lemon Raspberry Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6684153.jpg
Ingredients:
cooking spray
Cake batter:
1 (18.25 ounce) package lemon cake mix
1 (3 ounce) package sugar-free lemon pudding mix
1 1/4 cups water
1/2 cup fat-free sour cream
1/2 cup egg whites
Filling:
1 (12 ounce) package frozen raspberries, thawed and drained (reserve drained liquid)
1 1/2 teaspoons cornstarch
Frosting:
1 (8 ounce) container fat-free lemon yogurt
1 (8 ounce) container reduced-fat frozen whipped topping, thawed

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Coat two 9-inch round cake pans with non-stick cooking spray and dust with flour
Mix cake mix and pudding mix in a large bowl. Add water, sour cream, and egg whites; beat on medium speed with electric mixer for 2 minutes. Pour about half the batter into each of the prepared cake pans.
Bake in the preheated oven until golden and the tops spring back when lightly pressed, about 25 minutes; set aside to cook to room temperature.
Mix 1 tablespoon reserved juice from raspberries and cornstarch in a small bowl; set aside.
Bring the berries to a simmer in a saucepan over medium heat; cook and stir until the berries break down, about 10 minutes. Stir the cornstarch mixture into the berries; continue cooking until thickened, about 2 minutes more. Remove saucepan from heat and cool berry mixture to room temperature.
When the cakes are completely cool, run a paring knife between cake and pan edges. Hold a cake pan on its side and gently tap the sides of the pan against the counter to loosen cake layer. Cover the cake pan with a plate and invert it to tip the cake out of the pan and onto the plate.
Place one cake layer onto a serving plate. Spread raspberry filling over the top of the layer. Top with remaining cake.
Prepare frosting by gently folding yogurt into the whipped topping in a large bowl; spread over top and sides of cake.
Cool cake in refrigerator for 2 hours before serving.

Submitter: 
tahoegirl
Description: 
My grandma came up with this refreshing treat perfect for warm summer days. The best part is that it is low-fat!
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Raspberry Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
2 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
224 calories
5.5
g fat
39.9
g carbohydrates
4.2
g protein
10
mg cholesterol
348
mg sodium.
