URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/231634/lemon-and-lavender-scones/
Title:
Lemon and Lavender Scones Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/1101990.jpg
Ingredients:
1 teaspoon baking soda
½ cup lemon yogurt
2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for kneading
⅓ cup white sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
½ cup cold butter, cut into cubes
2 tablespoons butter, melted
1  egg, beaten
1 ½ teaspoons lavender flowers
1 teaspoon lemon zest
1 tablespoon butter, melted, or as needed
1 teaspoon white sugar, or as needed

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Stir baking soda and yogurt together in a bowl.
Sift flour, 1/3 cup sugar, and baking powder together in a bowl. Cut cold butter into flour mixture using a pastry cutter or two forks until mixture is crumbly.
Mix yogurt mixture, 2 tablespoons melted butter, egg, lavender, and lemon zest in a separate bowl. Stir yogurt-lavender mixture into flour mixture until just moistened.
Turn dough onto a lightly floured surface and gently knead 8 to 10 times, adding more flour if dough is too sticky.
Divide dough into 2 pieces and place on an ungreased baking sheet. Pat and shape each piece into a 6-inch circle. Score each circle into 6 wedges using a sharp floured knife. Brush tops with 1 tablespoon melted butter; sprinkle with 1 teaspoon white sugar.
Bake in the preheated oven until scones are just golden, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from oven, break into wedges, and cool on a wire rack.

Submitter: 
Marilyn
Description: 
These lovely old-fashioned scones are very light; they will literally melt in your mouth! The recipe is very versatile. Substitute your favorite flavor of yogurt and add a tablespoon or two of a chopped complementary fruit, raisins, or currants instead of the lavender. Serve with honey, fruit preserves, or if you're lucky enough to be able to get it, clotted cream.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
17 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.41
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
30 mins
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
207 calories
11.3
g fat
23.5
g carbohydrates
3.3
g protein
44
mg cholesterol
314
mg sodium.
