URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/231893/idahoan-molten-lava-cakes/
Title:
Idahoan Molten Lava Cakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/996611.jpg
Ingredients:
4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, broken into small pieces
4 ounces semisweet chocolate, broken into small pieces
1/4 cup unsalted butter, cut into small pieces
4 eggs
1/2 cup sugar
1/4 cup Idahoan® Boxed Original Mashed Potatoes, dry
1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 teaspoon instant espresso powder
1/2 teaspoon salt

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
Liberally spray six 6 oz ramekins with nonstick cooking spray and place on a baking sheet.
In a double boiler, melt the chocolate and butter.
Alternative: Use a medium size stainless bowl that sits on top of a small saucepan (with water in saucepan) if you do not have a double boiler. Do not let any water get into the melting chocolate.
Remove from heat and cool.
In a large mixing bowl beat eggs with hand mixer for several minutes and thoroughly foamy.
Add sugar, dry mashed potatoes, cocoa powder, vanilla extract, espresso powder and salt. Beat a couple of minutes to mix.
Add the melted chocolate mixture and beat for five minutes. This recipe works best if lots of air is incorporated into the mixture to make the cakes light and airy.
Pour into ramekins. DO NOT under bake or over bake the cakes. Bake for 15 to 17 minutes. Keep your eye on them; you want them to be molten (a bit soft in the middle), but not too much.
Let them rest a few minutes before serving. The center may sink a little - don't worry.
Run a thin knife around the inside edge to help release the cakes.
Top with powdered sugar and whip cream.

Submitter: 
Idahoan
Description: 
This recipe for Molten Lava Cake proves that Idahoan Mashed Potatoes don't have to be saved for just savory applications!
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
Idahoan&#174;

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.88888883590698
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
