URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/232216/delicata-squash-burger-patties/
Title:
Delicata Squash Burger Patties Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/2436193.jpg
Ingredients:
1  delicata squash, halved lengthwise and seeded
1 tablespoon olive oil (optional)
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 tablespoons butter
1  shallot, minced
1 clove garlic, minced
6  sun-dried tomatoes, chopped
1 cup bread crumbs, or more if needed
1  egg, beaten
¼ cup grated Parmesan cheese
¼ cup vegetable oil, or as needed

Directions:
Preheat an oven to 475 degrees F (245 degrees C).
Place squash on a baking sheet; drizzle with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper.
Bake in the preheated oven until tender, about 45 minutes. Remove and cool. Cut into cubes.
Heat butter in a skillet over medium heat; cook and stir shallot and garlic in the melted butter until shallot is transparent, 5 to 10 minutes. Add sun-dried tomatoes; cook until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Mash squash cubes into shallot mixture until relatively smooth. Remove from heat, transfer mixture to a bowl, and cool for 2 to 3 minutes.
Stir bread crumbs, egg, and Parmesan cheese into squash mixture. Add more bread crumbs if mixture is too sticky. Season with salt and pepper. Shape mixture into 4 patties.
Heat vegetable oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat; cook patties in the hot oil until browned, 4 to 5 minutes per side.

Submitter: 
kphanie
Description: 
Hey vegetarians! I came up with a scrumptious way to eat burgers. And this weird striped little squash. I'm not a vegetarian anymore, but I still make it often because it's so good! Serve in burgers, or by itself with a side of green salad, rice or potatoes. This also makes for a wonderful ravioli stuffing.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
5 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.6
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 15 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
299 calories
14.7
g fat
35
g carbohydrates
8.8
g protein
66
mg cholesterol
400
mg sodium.
