URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/232297/country-fried-chicken/
Title:
Country Fried Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/1008181.jpg
Ingredients:
8  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
1 quart buttermilk
3  shallots, finely chopped
2 tablespoons chopped garlic
2 tablespoons salt
2 tablespoons white sugar
1 ¼ teaspoons ground cumin
1 ½ teaspoons ground black pepper
2 cups vegetable oil for frying, or as needed
4 cups all purpose flour
2 tablespoons baking powder
2 teaspoons salt
8 large eggs, beaten

Directions:
Place chicken breasts between two sheets of heavy plastic and pound chicken with the smooth side of a meat mallet to a thickness of 3/4 inch.
Whisk buttermilk, shallots, garlic, 2 tablespoons salt, sugar, cumin, and pepper in a bowl; transfer mixture to a resealable plastic bag. Add chicken breasts, coat with the marinade, squeeze out excess air, and seal the bag. Marinate in the refrigerator overnight.
Fill a large skillet with about 2 inches of vegetable oil and heat over medium heat.
Remove chicken from the marinade and shake off excess. Pat chicken dry with a paper towel. Discard the remaining marinade.
Sift flour, baking powder, and 2 teaspoons salt together in a shallow bowl. Press chicken breasts one at a time into flour mixture until lightly coated. Dip coated chicken into beaten eggs, then press into flour mixture again to coat; shake off excess flour.
Fry chicken breasts in batches in preheated oil until chicken is golden brown and no longer pink in the center, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Drain on a paper towel-lined platter and repeat with remaining chicken.

Submitter: 
visions
Description: 
Classic Southern fried chicken fritter. Top with country or chicken gravy and serve with mashed potatoes, or dress it up how you please. I've been cooking this for years and never get tired of it.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
15 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.53
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
8 hrs 35 mins
Number of servings: 
8 hrs
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
635 calories
22.7
g fat
69.4
g carbohydrates
37.1
g protein
258
mg cholesterol
3112
mg sodium.
