URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/232426/mahogany-grilled-baby-back-ribs/
Title:
Mahogany Grilled Baby Back Ribs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 onion, chopped
1 carrot, chopped
2 cloves garlic, minced
4 cups pineapple juice
3 pounds baby back ribs
2 tablespoons hot pepper sauce (such as Tabasco®), or to taste
1 bay leaf
3 cups chicken broth, or as needed
Glaze:
3/4 cup plum sauce
1/3 cup tomato paste
1/3 cup soy sauce
1 tablespoon hot pepper sauce (such as Tabasco®), or to taste
1 tablespoon red wine vinegar
1 tablespoon lime juice
2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger
3 cloves garlic, minced

Directions:
Heat vegetable oil in a skillet over medium heat; cook and stir onion, carrot, and 2 cloves minced garlic in the hot oil until onion is softened, about 10 minutes. Pour pineapple juice into onion mixture; bring to a boil. Add ribs, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, and bay leaf. Pour in enough chicken broth to cover ribs. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer until ribs are tender, 45 to 60 minutes.
Remove skillet from heat and cool ribs in the cooking liquid until no longer steaming; discard cooking liquid.
Combine plum sauce, tomato paste, soy sauce, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, red wine vinegar, lime juice, ginger, and 3 cloves minced garlic in a saucepan; bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer until flavors combine and glaze is thickened, about 5 minutes.
Place ribs in a bowl; generously brush ribs with glaze. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and marinate ribs in the refrigerator for 2 hours to overnight. Reserve extra glaze in the refrigerator for basting.
Remove ribs from refrigerator and bring to room temperature for 30 minutes.
Preheat grill for medium heat and lightly oil the grate.
Grill ribs, basting occasionally with glaze, on the preheated grill until the meat pulls away easily from the bone, 15 to 20 minutes.

Submitter: 
Karen
Description: 
My mom first made these ribs many years ago, and I added it to my recipe collection at that time. This recipe is some extra work, so over the years I have looked for a recipe that might be just as good, but not as much work. I have given up the search! These ribs have now become a family favorite and I conclude, they are worth the extra time!
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Pork
Ribs
Baby Back Ribs

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
9
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
407 calories
23.3
g fat
30.8
g carbohydrates
18.4
g protein
80
mg cholesterol
1203
mg sodium.
