URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/232424/cajun-chicken-and-sausage-pasta/
Title:
Cajun Chicken and Sausage Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/1066252.jpg
Ingredients:
1  skinless, boneless chicken breast half
½ teaspoon Cajun seasoning, or to taste
1 link pork sausage with jalapeno pepper
4 ounces farfalle (bow tie) pasta
2 tablespoons butter
1  green bell pepper, chopped
½  red bell pepper, chopped
½  onion, chopped
1 clove garlic, chopped
1 ½ cups fat-free half-and-half, divided
1 tablespoon cornstarch, or as needed
1 pinch Cajun seasoning, or to taste
1 pinch dried basil, or to taste

Directions:
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate.
Sprinkle both sides of chicken breast with 1/2 teaspoon Cajun seasoning, or to taste.
Grill chicken breast and pork sausage on the preheated grill until browned and no longer pink inside, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate and let rest for 5 minutes. Cut chicken and sausage into bite-size pieces.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook the farfalle pasta at a boil, stirring occasionally, until cooked through yet firm to the bite, about 12 minutes; drain.
Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir green bell pepper, red bell pepper, onion, and garlic in hot butter until slightly softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir chicken and sausage pieces into vegetables, reduce heat to medium-low, and pour 1 cup half-and-half into skillet. Stir to combine.
Mix cornstarch into remaining 1/2 cup half-and-half in a small bowl until smooth; pour into skillet and stir until sauce simmers and thickens, about 5 minutes. Toss cooked farfalle pasta into mixture until coated; season with additional Cajun seasoning and dried basil.

Submitter: 
KELLYRAE94
Description: 
Serve up a spicy dinner for two.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
5 Ratings
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 10 mins
Number of servings: 
5 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
561 calories
18.8
g fat
72
g carbohydrates
27.4
g protein
79
mg cholesterol
629
mg sodium.
