URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/232568/warm-chicken-bacon-and-egg-salad-with-mayonnaise-dressing/
Title:
Warm Chicken, Bacon, and Egg Salad with Mayonnaise Dressing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1032075.jpg
Ingredients:
2 slices smoked bacon
2 large eggs
2 teaspoons vegetable oil
2 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, cubed
1 white onion, sliced
3/4 cup sliced fresh mushrooms
3 cups torn iceberg lettuce
1/2 red bell pepper, diced
10 cherry tomatoes
2 ounces white Cheddar cheese, cut into 1/2-inch cubes
1/4 cup mayonnaise
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Place the bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain the bacon slices on paper towels. Chop bacon when cool enough to handle.
Bring a saucepan of water to a boil, reduce heat to medium, and gently lower eggs into the boiling water using a spoon. Boil for 8 minutes. Remove immediately from heat, drain, and cover eggs with cold water.
Heat vegetable oil in a skillet over medium heat; cook and stir chicken cubes, onion, and mushrooms in the hot oil until the meat is no longer pink inside and mushrooms are softened, about 10 minutes.
Place iceberg lettuce into a salad bowl. Add chicken-mushroom mixture and bacon. Top with red bell pepper, cherry tomatoes, and white Cheddar cheese. Stir mayonnaise into salad, tossing gently to coat. Peel eggs and cut each egg in half; cut halves horizontally into 3 wedges apiece. Arrange eggs on top of salad; serve warm.

Submitter: 
holliek8
Description: 
This is a delicious and tasty salad served with warm chicken and bacon, tossed in a mayonnaise dressing, and topped with semi-soft boiled eggs and cheese. Serve with crusty bread and butter.
Categories:
Salad
Green Salads

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
658 calories
47.5
g fat
15.9
g carbohydrates
43
g protein
297
mg cholesterol
758
mg sodium.
