URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/232625/finally-a-perfect-fried-chicken-recipe/
Title:
Finally, A  Perfect Fried Chicken Recipe Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F5213058.jpg
Ingredients:
6  chicken leg quarters, cut into thighs and drumsticks
3 cups buttermilk
1 cup all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons onion powder
2 teaspoons garlic powder
2 teaspoons seasoned salt
1 ½ teaspoons chicken bouillon granules
¾ teaspoon crumbled dried sage
½ teaspoon ground black pepper
¼ teaspoon ground thyme
1 pinch dried marjoram
2  eggs
½ cup milk
1 cup vegetable oil for frying, or as needed

Directions:
Place chicken thighs and drumsticks into a bowl and pour buttermilk over chicken. Stir to coat. Cover and marinate in refrigerator for 3 hours (or up to overnight).
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Place flour, onion powder, garlic powder, seasoned salt, chicken bouillon granules, sage, black pepper, thyme, and marjoram into a 1-gallon resealable plastic bag. Close bag and shake to combine flour and seasonings. Whisk eggs and milk in a large bowl.
Pour vegetable oil into a cast-iron skillet or an oven-safe glass or metal pan. Heat skillet with oil in the hot oven for 10 minutes.
While oil is heating, drain buttermilk from chicken pieces and place each chicken piece into plastic bag of seasoned flour. Seal bag and shake to coat chicken piece with seasoned flour. Dip each coated piece in egg mixture, then return the piece to the bag of flour mixture and shake to coat a second time. Place coated chicken pieces onto a plate to rest for 5 minutes to set coating.
Place coated chicken into hot oil in the skillet and bake for 30 minutes. Turn chicken over and bake until no longer pink inside and the coating is golden brown, about 20 more minutes. Place chicken pieces on a rack to drain oil before serving.

Submitter: 
3BoysMomma
Description: 
Like fried chicken? Like it better cold but hate it when the yummy crust falls off? This is my  years-in-the-making  recipe that keeps the crust on, even when cold! Great for picnics!!!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
3 Ratings
Number of stars:
2.67
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
4 hrs 10 mins
Number of servings: 
3 hrs
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
491 calories
20
g fat
24.8
g carbohydrates
50.5
g protein
211
mg cholesterol
699
mg sodium.
