URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/232766/chicken-fried-steak-with-cream-gravy/
Title:
Chicken Fried Steak with Cream Gravy Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1013801.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound boneless beef top round steak, cut 1/2 inch thick, or cubed steaks
1 egg, lightly beaten
1 tablespoon milk
3/4 cup fine dry bread crumbs
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
Cream Gravy:
1 1/2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 cup milk
1/3 cup half-and-half or whipping cream
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme
Salt to taste
Ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Trim fat from the steak. Cut steak into four serving-size pieces. To tenderize the steak pieces, place each piece between two pieces of plastic wrap. Using the flat side of a meat mallet, pound meat lightly until about 1/4 inch thick. Remove and discard plastic wrap.
Combine egg and the 1 tablespoon milk in a shallow bowl. Combine bread crumbs, salt, and pepper in another shallow bowl. Dip steak pieces into egg mixture, turning to coat all sides evenly. Then dip into bread crumb mixture, turning to coat all sides evenly. Gently shake off any excess bread crumbs.
[Cleaning tip: Wipe off any meat residue or egg spills on the countertop with Clorox(R) Disinfecting Wipes*. Rinse hands once complete.]
Heat oil over medium heat in a very large skillet. Add half of the steak pieces to the skillet and cook for 6 minutes or until brown on both sides, turning once. Remove steaks from skillet and place on a paper-towel lined plate. Repeat with remaining steak pieces, adding more oil if necessary. Return all of the steaks to the skillet. Reduce heat to medium-low. Cook, covered, for 45 to 60 minutes or until steaks are tender. Transfer steaks to a serving platter and cover to keep warm. Reserve 1 1/2 tablespoons drippings in the skillet; discard remaining drippings, or add additional oil if needed.
For Cream Gravy: Heat reserved drippings in skillet. Whisk in flour. Gradually stir in the 1 cup milk, half-and-half, and thyme. Cook, stirring constantly, until thickened and bubbly. Cook, stirring constantly, for 1 minute more. Season to taste with additional salt and pepper. Serve gravy over Chicken Fried Steak.
[Cleaning tip: Once the stove top is cool, wipe up any oil splatters or spills with Clorox(R) Disinfecting Wipes*.]

Submitter: 
Clorox® Disinfecting Wipes
Description: 
Top round steak is pounded thin, dredged in bread crumbs, then pan fried until browned. Served with creamy gravy, this is comfort food at its finest.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
16 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.125
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
1 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
395 calories
20.4
g fat
21.1
g carbohydrates
30
g protein
119
mg cholesterol
560
mg sodium.
