URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/232721/cucumber-and-onion-relish/
Title:
Cucumber and Onion Relish Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3870992.jpg
Ingredients:
7 large cucumbers, grated
5 large onions, grated
2 tablespoons salt, or as needed
3 cups white vinegar
3 cups white sugar
1 cup water
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon ground turmeric
1 teaspoon ground ginger
1 teaspoon ground black pepper

Directions:
Combine cucumbers, onions, and salt together in a colander fitted over a bowl; place in the refrigerator for cucumbers and onions to drain, 8 hours to overnight.
Mix vinegar, sugar, water, flour, turmeric, ginger, and black pepper in a large saucepan; bring to a boil. Cook, stirring occasionally, until mixture is thickened, about 5 minutes. Add cucumbers and onions; boil for about 10 more minutes.
Sterilize jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Pack the relish into the hot, sterilized jars, filling the jars to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a knife or a thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars into the boiling water using a holder. Leave a 2-inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary to bring the water level to at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a rolling boil, cover the pot, and process for about 15 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Once cool, press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
Lynn Mott
Description: 
This has been handed down for generations and it is my family's favorite relish. Great with any beef dish or in a sandwich.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Relishes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.66666650772095
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
8 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
60
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
53 calories
0.1
g fat
13.3
g carbohydrates
0.5
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
234
mg sodium.
