URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/232800/easy-german-cut-out-cookies/
Title:
Easy German Cut-Out Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4540555.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup unsalted butter, softened
1 tablespoon unsalted butter, softened
2/3 cup white sugar
1 individual packet vanilla sugar
1 egg
2 cups all-purpose flour, plus extra for dusting
1 teaspoon baking powder
Glaze:
3 tablespoons confectioners' sugar
2 teaspoons lemon juice, or more if needed
1 drop assorted food coloring (optional)
1 (1.75 ounce) package multicolored candy sprinkles, or as desired (optional)

Directions:
Combine butter, white sugar, vanilla sugar, and egg in a bowl and beat with an electric mixer until light and fluffy.
Mix flour and baking powder; add to butter mixture with electric mixer on lowest setting until dough becomes crumbly. Work dough crumbles with your hands into a smooth dough and place into a sealable container. Refrigerate until chilled, about 1 to 2 hours.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.
Roll the dough out to 1/4 inch thick on lightly floured surface and cut into desired shapes using cookie cutters. Place cookies 1 inch apart onto the prepared baking sheets.
Pick up all the left over dough, press together into a ball, and repeat the rolling and cutting out process until all the dough is used up.
Bake in the preheated oven until edges are lightly browned, about 8 to 10 minutes. Allow cookies to cool on baking sheet for 5 minutes before carefully removing to a wire rack with a knife or thin spatula to cool completely.
To make glaze, mix together powdered sugar and lemon juice until it has a smooth and spreadable consistency. Add more lemon juice if you like a thinner glaze. Add food coloring if you like. Brush frosting on cooled cookies and add chocolate sprinkles or sugar sprinkles as you like.

Submitter: 
barbara
Description: 
These simple cut out cookies are a must during Christmas time in Germany. Especially kids delight in helping cutting out fun shapes and later decorating and eating these delicious cookies that hold their shape.
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
German

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 38 m
Number of servings: 
30
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
92 calories
4
g fat
13.1
g carbohydrates
1.1
g protein
15
mg cholesterol
43
mg sodium.
