URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/232973/stuffed-roasted-barbecue-chicken/
Title:
Stuffed Roasted Barbecue Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/3301902.jpg
Ingredients:
¼ cup ground black pepper
2 tablespoons smoked paprika
4  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, pounded flat
2 tablespoons ground chipotle
2 cubes vegetable bouillon, or more to taste
¼ cup chopped fresh rosemary
16  baby carrots, chopped
2  shiitake mushrooms, sliced (optional)
2 stalks celery, chopped
5 cloves garlic, chopped
1 pinch ground chipotle, or to taste
¼ cup barbeque sauce

Directions:
Mix black pepper and smoked paprika together in a bowl; season 1 side of each chicken breast with black pepper  mixture. Flip each chicken breast over and season the other side with about 1 1/2 teaspoons ground chipotle per chicken breast. Wrap chicken breasts in plastic wrap and refrigerate 8 hours to overnight.
Bring a pot of water to a boil; add vegetable bouillon and rosemary. Stir carrots, mushrooms, celery, and garlic into boiling broth; cook until vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes. Strain vegetables from broth using a slotted spoon and transfer to a bowl.
Preheat the grill to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Soak 8 toothpicks in a bowl of water.
Remove plastic wrap from chicken breasts and place chipotle-side down on a work surface. Spoon the vegetable mixture onto each chicken breast; roll chicken breast around filling. Secure each breast with 2 toothpicks. Season outside of rolls with more ground chipotle.
Grill chicken breasts until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 30 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Brush chicken breasts with barbeque sauce; cook until exterior is caramelized, about 10 more minutes.

Submitter: 
yofe
Description: 
The taste of roasted chicken on your grill with the tang of a little bit of BBQ sauce.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
9 hrs 10 mins
Number of servings: 
8 hrs
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
217 calories
4.2
g fat
19.2
g carbohydrates
26.9
g protein
67
mg cholesterol
293
mg sodium.
