URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/232988/crispy-restaurant-style-buffalo-chicken-wings/
Title:
Crispy Restaurant Style Buffalo Chicken Wings Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/3322023.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons ground paprika
1 tablespoon ground black pepper
1 tablespoon chili powder
1 tablespoon seasoned salt
2 teaspoons cayenne pepper
1 ½ teaspoons onion powder
1 ½ teaspoons garlic powder
1 teaspoon ground white pepper
1 teaspoon mustard powder
2 pounds chicken wings
2 cups vegetable oil, or as needed
2 cups peanut oil, or as needed

Directions:
Mix paprika, black pepper, chili powder, seasoned salt, cayenne pepper, onion powder, garlic powder, white pepper, and mustard powder together in a bowl until seasoning mix is evenly combined. Dry chicken wings thoroughly with a paper towel.
Heat enough vegetable oil and peanut oil in a deep cast iron pot or heavy pot to reach a depth of about 2 inches; bring to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C).
Split wings into 2 batches and fry each batch in the hot oil, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer each batch to a paper towel-lined plate to drain.
Increase oil temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Fry each batch of wings in the hot oil until skin is crispy, golden brown and meat is no longer pink in the center, 5 to 6 minutes. Drain wings on a paper towel-lined plate; transfer to a bowl.
Sprinkle seasoning mix over cooked wings and toss to evenly coat.

Submitter: 
vince's princess
Description: 
Regardless of how you dress your wings, the key to making amazing wings is to fry them twice. I love them tossed in the dry seasoning rub listed below, since they maintain their crunchy flavor! I never understood those who chose to oven-bake their wings; it's called a guilty pleasure for a reason!  You can also season the wings with an Asian soy, BBQ, herb or traditional buffalo-style hot sauce. Serve immediately along side celery and ranch or blue cheese dressing, if desired!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
3 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.67
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
35 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
235 calories
19
g fat
4.8
g carbohydrates
12.5
g protein
32
mg cholesterol
509
mg sodium.
