URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/233189/herdez-chorizo-stuffed-bell-peppers/
Title:
HERDEZ® Chorizo-Stuffed Bell Peppers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1025423.jpg
Ingredients:
Non-stick cooking spray
2 large red bell peppers, halved crosswise, seeds and membranes removed
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1/2 cup onion, chopped
1 large clove garlic, chopped
1/4 cup minced carrots
8 ounces ground chorizo sausage
8 ounces ground beef
3/4 cup HERDEZ® Tomatilla Verde Mexican Cooking Sauce
1 (14.5 ounce) can diced fire-roasted tomatoes
1 teaspoon chili powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
2 cups cooked long-grain white rice
4 (1 inch) cubes Colby-Jack cheese
1/3 cup shredded Mexican cheese blend
Garnishes (optional):
Sour cream
Chopped fresh cilantro
Sliced black olives
Lime wedges

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a large baking dish with non-stick cooking spray.
Place peppers cut side up in a microwave-safe dish; microwave on high until peppers start to soften, 3 minutes.
Heat oil in skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir onions until they begin to soften. Stir in garlic and carrots and continue cooking for 2 minutes. Add chorizo and ground beef and continue cooking until meat is brown, stirring occasionally, about 3 minutes. Drain oil from skillet.
Return the skillet with the meat mixture to the stove over medium heat. Add Tomatillo Verde Sauce, canned tomatoes, chili powder, salt, and pepper. Stir in cooked rice, and cook over low heat until heated through, about 5 minutes.
Spoon a thin layer of the meat-rice mixture into the prepared baking dish. Place the four pepper halves in the dish and fill with the meat-rice mixture. Stuff each pepper with a cheese cube, and then spoon the remaining meat-rice mixture into the dish around the pepper halves.
Cover the baking dish and bake in preheated oven for 35 minutes. Remove cover, sprinkle shredded cheese on top of the peppers, and bake until the peppers are soft and the cheese has melted, about 10 minutes.
To serve, spoon a little of the meat-rice mixture onto a plate, and place the bell pepper half on top of it. Garnish as desired.

Submitter: 
lutzflcat
Description: 
Turn an ordinary stuffed pepper into a zesty main course suitable for a Mexican Fiesta by using chorizo and HERDEZ® Tomatillo Verde Mexican Cooking Sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
732 calories
47.3
g fat
39.6
g carbohydrates
36.9
g protein
123
mg cholesterol
1815
mg sodium.
