URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/23314/chicken-chimichangas/
Title:
Chicken Chimichangas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/167582.jpg
Ingredients:
1 ½ cups chicken broth
1 cup uncooked long-grain rice
½ cup red enchilada sauce
1 ½  onion, diced, divided
6 (12 inch) flour tortillas
4 cups diced cooked chicken breast, divided
1 pound Monterey Jack cheese, shredded, divided
1 (6 ounce) can sliced black olives
4 cups refried beans, divided
¼ cup vegetable oil
3  avocados, peeled and pitted
½ cup finely chopped cilantro
2 tablespoons lemon juice
3  green onions, diced
¼ cup finely chopped jalapeno chile peppers
1  tomato, diced
2 cups shredded lettuce
1 cup sour cream
2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese

Directions:
In a medium saucepan combine the broth, rice, sauce, and 1 diced onion. Mix and bring to a boil; reduce heat to low and let simmer for about 20 minutes, or until rice is tender.
Meanwhile, heat tortillas in a large skillet (so that they are soft enough to fold).
When rice mixture is ready, spoon equal amounts of the following onto each tortilla: Chicken, shredded Jack cheese, diced onion, olives, rice mixture and beans. Roll tortillas, tucking in sides to prevent filling from spilling over.
Heat oil in a large skillet and fry the filled tortillas, turning, until browned on all sides. Drain on paper towels.
To Serve: In a medium bowl combine the avocados, cilantro, lemon juice, green onions, chile peppers and tomatoes. Mash together. Place shredded lettuce on a platter, topped with chimichangas, avocado mix, sour cream and shredded Cheddar cheese.

Submitter: 
Rebecca Swift
Description: 
Tortillas filled with a chicken, rice, beans and olive mixture - rolled, fried and topped with a piquant avocado mix, sour cream and cheese, all served on a bed of lettuce. Being raised 12 miles from the border of Mexico, I was brought up on Mexican food and learned how to make many of the dishes.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
273 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.48
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
45 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
1595 calories
83.7
g fat
133.4
g carbohydrates
79.8
g protein
215
mg cholesterol
2322
mg sodium.
