URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/233193/herdez-eggs-bandito/
Title:
HERDEZ® Eggs Bandito Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1025427.jpg
Ingredients:
4 egg yolks
2 2/3 tablespoons lime juice
1/4 teaspoon chipotle powder
4 tablespoons HERDEZ® Red Guajillo Chile Mexican Cooking Sauce
1 tablespoon water
3/4 cup melted butter
1/4 teaspoon garlic salt
1 1/2 teaspoons vinegar
8 eggs
1/2 pound chorizo sausage
3 Mexican bolillo rolls, sliced into several rounds
Chopped fresh cilantro
Lime slices

Directions:
Fill the bottom of a double boiler half-full with water (top of double boiler should not touch the water). Bring water to simmer over medium-high heat. In the top of the double boiler over the simmering water, whisk together egg yolks, lime juice, chipotle powder, Mexican cooking sauce, and 1 tablespoon water.
Gradually whisk the melted butter into the egg yolk mixture, a little at a time. If the sauce begins to get too thick, add a teaspoon or two of hot water. Continue whisking until all butter is incorporated. Whisk in garlic salt, then turn off heat. Place a lid on pan to keep sauce warm.
To poach eggs, fill a large saucepan with 3 inches of water. Bring water to a gentle simmer over medium-high heat; add vinegar. Swirl water to make a "whirlpool" then carefully break eggs, one at a time, into the middle of "swirl", and allow to cook for 2 1/2 to 3 minutes. Yolks should still be soft in center. Remove eggs from water with a slotted spoon and set on a warm plate.
While eggs are poaching, cook chorizo in a medium skillet over medium-high heat until cooked through. It will retain its bright red color (the spices) so check the temperature to ensure doneness.  An instant-read thermometer should read 160 degrees F (70 degrees C). Remove from heat when done.
Set oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler to low setting.
Arrange the bolillo rounds on a baking sheet and toast lightly under the broiler, about 2 minutes per side. Place a few bolillo rounds (size will vary) on each plate and top each serving with 1/4 C of cooked chorizo. Top the sausage with two poached eggs. Drizzle with bandito sauce, and sprinkle with chopped cilantro and/or lime wedges. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
shasty
Description: 
Based on a recipe for eggs Benedict, this version is spiced up to get your taste buds going. Like most spicy recipes, you can tweak it to your tastes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
1001 calories
72.3
g fat
50.4
g carbohydrates
37.3
g protein
719
mg cholesterol
1331
mg sodium.
