URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/23327/calypso-turkey-tenderloins/
Title:
Calypso Turkey Tenderloins Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 clove garlic, minced
1 bay leaf, crumbled
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
1/3 cup brown sugar
3 tablespoons rum, divided
1 pound turkey tenderloins
1/2 cup turkey broth
1 tablespoon cornstarch
2 tablespoons lime juice

Directions:
In food processor fitted with metal blade, turn on motor and drop garlic and bay leaf through feed tube. Process until fine, about 4 to 5 seconds (bay leaf will not be completely pulverized at this stage); scrape down sides. Add ginger, cloves and brown sugar. Process about 5 seconds; scrape down sides. Add 1 tablespoon rum and process until well blended, about 5 to 10 seconds.
With sharp knife, cut a lengthwise pocket in each tenderloin. Spread about 2 to 3 tablespoons of brown sugar mixture in each pocket.
In 11-inch skillet bring bouillon to a boil. Carefully place tender- loins in skillet. Return bouillon to boil, reduce heat, cover and sim- mer 25 to 30 minutes, or until tenderloins are tender and reach 160-165 degrees F on meat thermometer. Remove tenderloins to plate and keep warm.
In 1 cup glass measure, strain meat juices from skillet. Add additional bouillon if necessary to make 1 cup. Return mixture to skillet.
In small bowl combine cornstarch and remaining rum. Stir cornstarch mixture into meat juices. Bring to boil, stirring constantly, and cook mixture until slightly thickened. Remove from heat. Stir in lime juice.
To serve, slice tenderloins into medallions, top with sauce.

Submitter: 
The Turkey Federation
Description: 
This recipe brings the flavors of the Caribbean into your kitchen.  Turkey tenderloins are served with a sauce of rum, garlic, bay leaf, turkey broth and lime juice.  Garnish with lime slices, if desired.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
9 Ratings
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
226 calories
3.1
g fat
14.9
g carbohydrates
27.4
g protein
79
mg cholesterol
103
mg sodium.
