URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/233325/egg-and-potato-curry/
Title:
Egg and Potato Curry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1039168.jpg
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided
2 onions, peeled and quartered
3 tomatoes, quartered
2 small green chile peppers
2 teaspoons garlic paste
2 teaspoons ginger paste
2 teaspoons ground coriander
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon garam masala
1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric
1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste
salt to taste
2 cups water
1 large potato - cooked, peeled, and cut into 1-inch cubes
6 hard-cooked eggs, quartered
2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro (optional)

Directions:
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a skillet over medium heat. Stir in onions; cook and stir until onion pieces are soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low; continue cooking, stirring occasionally, until onions are golden, about 10 minutes more.
Remove pan from heat and set it aside. Transfer cooked onions to the bowl of a food processor; grind onions, tomatoes, and green chiles into a smooth paste.
Heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in the same skillet over medium heat. Add onion mixture carefully, as it may spatter. Cook and stir for 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in garlic paste, ginger paste, coriander, cumin, garam masala, turmeric, cayenne pepper, and salt. Cook and stir until the oil begins to separate from the mixture, about 5 minutes.
Pour water into skillet and bring sauce to a boil. Add cubed potatoes. Gently stir in the eggs. Reduce heat to low and simmer until sauce has thickened slightly, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat. Garnish with cilantro before serving.

Submitter: 
sunwind
Description: 
North Indian in origin, I was very grateful to have found this recipe. It is very similar to what was served to us by our Bengali neighbors years ago! Serve hot with a side of thickly sliced bread.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Bangladeshi

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
671 calories
38.5
g fat
56.3
g carbohydrates
26.7
g protein
636
mg cholesterol
398
mg sodium.
