URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/233435/sesame-pepper-stir-fry/
Title:
Sesame Pepper Stir Fry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1030543.jpg
Ingredients:
1 small head cabbage, thinly sliced
2 red bell peppers, thinly sliced
1 onion, sliced (optional)
8 cloves garlic, finely diced
4 teaspoons grated fresh ginger
1/2 cup sesame oil, divided
1 pound beef tenderloin, thinly sliced
1/4 cup soy sauce
2 teaspoons white sugar
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 cup water
4 teaspoons cornstarch

Directions:
Mix cabbage and red bell peppers together in a bowl. Mix onion, garlic, and ginger together in a separate bowl.
Heat a wok or large skillet over medium-high heat; add 1/4 cup sesame oil. Cook and stir beef and onion mixture in the hot oil until beef is browned on both sides, 3 to 4 minutes. Add cabbage mixture to beef mixture; cook, stirring quickly, until cabbage wilts, onion begins to brown, and beef is fully cooked, about 5 minutes.
Stir remaining 1/4 cup sesame oil, soy sauce, sugar, and black pepper into beef and cabbage mixture; toss to coat. Mix water and cornstarch together in a bowl until cornstarch is dissolved; pour into beef and cabbage mixture. Cook and stir until sauce reduces and thickens, about 5 minutes.

Submitter: 
MT
Description: 
Use the meat and veggies you have on hand, or stick to cabbage and peppers for a quick, flavorful, and basic stir fry. Hubby and kids gobble this down before a pretty photo is possible! Serve over rice. This provides 4 people with enough for second servings or a great next-day cold lunch. Chicken, pork, or seafood works as well as beef. Add extra veggies as desired except for more brassicas. Can replace cabbage with broccoli if desired. Great 'whatever's in the fridge' stir fry. Enjoy!
Categories:
Main Dish
Stir-Fry
Beef

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
306 calories
20.2
g fat
13.8
g carbohydrates
18.1
g protein
48
mg cholesterol
503
mg sodium.
