URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/233440/roasted-venison-with-fresh-cranberry-sauce/
Title:
Roasted Venison with Fresh Cranberry Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F6201838.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons minced garlic
1 (8 pound) bone-in venison roast
1 pinch kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
½ cup butter
2 ½ cups finely chopped onion, divided
¼ cup chopped fresh cilantro
1 ½ teaspoons dried sage
1 ½ teaspoons dried basil
2 cups fresh orange juice
6 ounces fresh cranberries
3 cups beef stock
½ cup red currant jelly
¼ cup dry sherry (such as Oloroso)

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Spread garlic all over venison roast, season with salt and pepper, and place in a roasting pan.
Heat butter in a skillet over medium-low heat and cook and stir 1/2 cup onion, cilantro, sage, and basil until onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes. Spread the butter mixture evenly over the roast.
Roast in the preheated oven for 20 minutes. Add remaining 2 cups onion, orange juice, and cranberries to the roasting pan; reduce oven temperature to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Continue to roast, basting frequently, until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part reads 140 degrees F for medium rare, about 1 hour. Remove the roast from the pan; cover to keep warm while you prepare the sauce.
Pour beef stock into the roasting pan, and bring to a boil while scraping the browned bits of food off the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Continue boiling until the liquid is reduced by half, about 10 minutes. Skim off any fat; stir in the jelly and sherry. Continue to boil until the sauce is slightly thickened and evenly coats the back of a spoon, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.

Submitter: 
The Magpie
Description: 
There's so much more to venison than tenderloins or burger. Many people don't realize that venison can be roasted successfully without making it tough or leathery; the key is to provide some of the fat that this extra-lean meat doesn't usually contain, and to sear the meat first before following it up with a slow roast at lower heat. I hope you enjoy it.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
3 Ratings
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
2 hrs 10 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
686 calories
21.2
g fat
29.8
g carbohydrates
88.7
g protein
348
mg cholesterol
323
mg sodium.
