URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/233508/gram-millers-bread-and-butter-pickles/
Title:
Gram Miller's Bread and Butter Pickles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1324521.jpg
Ingredients:
5 cucumbers, thinly sliced
3 onions, sliced
1/4 cup salt
1 cup white vinegar
1 cup water
3/4 cup white sugar
1/2 teaspoon celery seed
1/2 teaspoon mustard seed
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
1/4 teaspoon ground turmeric
4 1-pint canning jars with lids and rings

Directions:
Mix cucumbers and onions together in a bowl. Stir in salt and let sit for 2 hours.
Stir vinegar, water, sugar, celery seed, mustard seed, ginger, and turmeric together in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Bring to a boil; add cucumber mixture and continue to boil until cucumbers and onions are tender, about 5 minutes.
Sterilize the jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Pack the hot cucumber mixture into the hot, sterilized jars, filling the jars to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a knife or a thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids, and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars into the boiling water using a holder. Leave a 2-inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary to bring the water level to at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a rolling boil, cover the pot, and process for 15 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Once cool, press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool dark area.

Submitter: 
madmoose123
Description: 
My great grandma's bread and butter pickle recipe. This is a canning recipe, so you'll have some for the whole winter!
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Pickled

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
2 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
109 calories
0.3
g fat
26.7
g carbohydrates
1.7
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
6
mg sodium.
