URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/233544/crab-crepes/
Title:
Crab Crepes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/6325222.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups flour
1 cup cold water
4  eggs
2 tablespoons melted butter
½ teaspoon salt
4 tablespoons butter
½ cup chopped green onion
¾ cup dry sherry
¼ teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon ground black pepper
3 cups fresh crabmeat, cooked and diced
4 tablespoons butter
6 tablespoons all-purpose flour
2 cups hot milk
¼ teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon ground black pepper
½ cup heavy cream
2  egg yolks
1 cup grated Swiss cheese

Directions:
Place flour, water, eggs, 2 tablespoons melted butter, and 1/2 teaspoon salt into a blender. Cover and blend for 2 minutes. Chill batter in refrigerator for two hours.
Heat an oiled, non-stick skillet over medium heat. Pour in enough of the chilled batter to cover half of the skillet. Tip and rotate the skillet until the batter covers the entire area. Cook until the batter turns from wet to moist, and the edges begin to curl away from the sides of the skillet. Turn the crepe over, and continue cooking until lightly golden on the other side. Place the crepe onto a plate, and cover with a kitchen towel to keep moist. Repeat with the remaining batter, lightly oiling the skillet as needed to keep the crepes from sticking.
Cook and stir green onions with 4 tablespoons butter in a skillet over medium-high heat until tender, 3 to 5 minutes. Add sherry, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; stir to combine. Mix in crab.
Melt 4 tablespoons butter in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Whisk in flour. Add milk, 1/4 salt, and 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper; bring to a boil for 1 minute. Remove from heat.
Beat heavy cream and egg yolks together in a small bowl. Gradually add egg mixture to butter-flour mixture, stirring constantly. Fold in grated cheese to form a thick sauce.
Pour sauce into crab meat mixture, reserving 1 cup of the sauce; stir to combine.
Lay out one crepe on a flat surface. Spoon 2 heaping spoonfuls of crab mixture at one end of the crepe, then roll crepe up around the filling. Repeat with remaining crepes. Top each with reserved cheese sauce and serve.

Submitter: 
KerriJ
Description: 
This is delicious on spring or summer evening with a green salad on the side.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
4 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.75
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
2 hrs 50 mins
Number of servings: 
2 hrs
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
542 calories
33.4
g fat
37.7
g carbohydrates
20.9
g protein
234
mg cholesterol
699
mg sodium.
