URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/233654/light-tuscan-garlic-chicken/
Title:
Light Tuscan Garlic Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F1549545.jpg
Ingredients:
6 ounces whole wheat linguine
20  asparagus spears, trimmed
1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano
1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil
1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme
1 tablespoon salt
2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper
4 (3 ounce) skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, pounded thin
olive oil cooking spray
2 teaspoons olive oil, divided
1  red bell pepper, cut into matchstick-sized pieces
3 cloves garlic, minced
2 cups low-fat buttermilk
½ cup white wine
1 tablespoon all-purpose flour
½ pound fresh spinach
⅓ cup grated Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook linguine at a boil until tender yet firm to the bite, 10 to 12 minutes; drain.
Bring a second pot of water to a boil. Cook asparagus until bright green, about 3 minutes. Remove asparagus using tongs and immediately dunk in cold water.
Mix oregano, basil, thyme, salt, and pepper in a small bowl. Spray chicken breasts with cooking spray; rub herb mixture into chicken.
Heat 1 teaspoon olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat; cook chicken in the hot oil until lightly browned and no longer pink in the center, about 3 minutes per side.
Heat remaining 1 teaspoon olive oil in a saucepan over medium-high heat; cook and stir red bell pepper and garlic in the hot oil until fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir buttermilk, wine, and flour into red bell pepper mixture; cook and stir until sauce is thickened, 2 to 4 minutes. Add spinach; cook until spinach wilts, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir Parmesan cheese into sauce until melted.
Run hot water over asparagus to warm. Evenly divide linguine among serving plates; top with sauce, asparagus, and chicken.

Submitter: 
Scott Koeneman
Description: 
I have reduced this recipe to 1/4 of its original fat and calories!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
11 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.91
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
40 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
414 calories
8.2
g fat
44.8
g carbohydrates
36.8
g protein
64
mg cholesterol
2080
mg sodium.
