URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/233684/summer-citrus-and-peach-chicken-salad-/
Title:
Summer Citrus and Peach Chicken Salad  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
6 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves rinsed and patted dry
2 tablespoons olive oil
sea salt and cracked black pepper to taste
Dressing:
1 cup fresh squeezed orange juice
1/2 cup olive oil
2 tomatillos, husked and quartered
1 shallot, quartered
1 jalapeno pepper, stemmed and seeded, or more to taste
1 tablespoon cider vinegar
2 tablespoons chopped cilantro
1/2 teaspoon sea salt
1/4 teaspoon cracked black pepper, or to taste
Salad:
8 cups mixed salad greens
4 fresh peaches - peeled, pitted, and sliced
2 avocados - peeled, pitted, and sliced
2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint
dried orange slices (such as Simple & Crisp™), or more to taste (optional)

Directions:
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate.
Drizzle chicken with 2 tablespoons olive oil; season with salt and pepper. Grill chicken until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 6 to 8 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Place chicken on a flat work surface and slice crosswise into strips.
Place orange juice, 1/2 cup olive oil, tomatillos, shallot, jalapeno, vinegar, cilantro, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 pepper in a blender. Puree until dressing is smooth.
Place salad greens in a bowl. Drizzle dressing on top. Add chicken, peaches, avocados, and mint. Crumble dried oranges and sprinkle over the salad.

Submitter: 
Angela Sackett  Superhotmama
Description: 
Spicy and sweet, creamy and crunchy, this summer salad is perfect for year-round enjoyment if you can get your hands on the produce!
Categories:
Salad
Green Salads

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
52 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
371 calories
26.6
g fat
13.9
g carbohydrates
20.7
g protein
50
mg cholesterol
285
mg sodium.
