URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/233968/lemon-chicken-orzo-soup/
Title:
Lemon Chicken Orzo Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/1052559.jpg
Ingredients:
8 ounces orzo pasta
1 teaspoon olive oil
3  carrots, chopped, or more to taste
3 ribs celery, chopped
1  onion, chopped
2 cloves garlic, minced
½ teaspoon dried thyme
½ teaspoon dried oregano
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1  bay leaf
3 (32 ounce) cartons fat-free, low-sodium chicken broth
½ cup fresh lemon juice
1  lemon, zested
8 ounces cooked chicken breast, chopped
1 (8 ounce) package baby spinach leaves
1  lemon, sliced for garnish (optional)
¼ cup grated Parmesan cheese (optional)

Directions:
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook orzo in the boiling water until partially cooked through but not yet soft, about 5 minutes; drain and rinse with cold water until cooled completely.
Heat olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. Cook and stir carrots, celery, and onion in hot oil until the vegetables begin to soften and the onion becomes translucent, 5 to 7 minutes. Add garlic; cook and stir until fragrant, about 1 minute more. Season mixture with thyme, oregano, salt, black pepper, and bay leaf; continue cooking another 30 seconds before pouring chicken broth into the pot.
Bring the broth to a boil. Partially cover the pot, reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer until the vegetables are just tender, about 10 minutes.
Stir orzo, lemon juice, and lemon zest into the broth; add chicken. Cook until the chicken and orzo are heated through, about 5 minutes. Add baby spinach; cook until the spinach wilts into the broth and the orzo is tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Ladle soup into bowls; garnish with lemon slices and Parmesan cheese.

Submitter: 
ReneePaj
Description: 
Inspired by Panera Bread's version, this soup delivers on flavor. Tender chicken in a lemony broth with orzo pasta, carrots, onions, celery, and baby spinach. This has quickly become one of my family's very favorite soup recipes.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
389 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.76
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 20 mins
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
167 calories
4.1
g fat
21.7
g carbohydrates
12.1
g protein
20
mg cholesterol
187
mg sodium.
