URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/233998/broccoli-garlic-angel-hair-pasta/?src=VD_Summary
Title:
Broccoli Garlic Angel Hair Pasta Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1 ½ pounds broccoli
2 tablespoons olive oil
¼ cup butter
6 cloves garlic, minced
1 teaspoon red pepper flakes
3 cups chicken stock
salt to taste
1 pound angel hair pasta
½ cup freshly shredded Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, plus a little more for garnish
1 pinch red pepper flakes for garnish, or to taste

Directions:
Hold a sharp knife at a 45-degree angle and cut the florets from the broccoli stems into a bowl. Chop remaining stems into small pieces and transfer stems to a separate bowl.
Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil with butter in a skillet over medium heat and cook garlic in the hot oil-butter mixture, stirring often, until garlic is soft but not browned. Sprinkle in 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes and salt. Pour chicken stock into skillet and bring to a simmer. Stir broccoli stems into the stock mixture and simmer until tender, 10 to 12 minutes. Add a little water or stock if mixture starts to dry out.
Stir broccoli florets into skillet and cook broccoli sauce until florets are bright green and slightly tender, 3 to 4  minutes.
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil and stir in angel hair pasta. Cook, stirring occasionally, until pasta strands are almost tender, about 4 minutes. Drain and transfer to a large pot.
Pour broccoli sauce over pasta, stir with a wooden spoon, and mix in 1/2 cup Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese. Cover pot with a lid and let stand until pasta absorbs excess liquid and finishes cooking, about 2 minutes.
Serve in bowls and sprinkle each serving with a dusting of Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese and a pinch of red pepper flakes.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
If you've got to eat your broccoli, this is a great way to do it. A beautiful side dish of broccoli and angel hair pasta with red pepper flakes is so delicious and so aromatic.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
200 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.55
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
45 mins
Number of servings: 
5 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
599 calories
25.3
g fat
76.5
g carbohydrates
21.6
g protein
38
mg cholesterol
1053
mg sodium.
