URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/233922/slow-cooker-chicken-and-butternut-squash-stew/
Title:
Slow Cooker Chicken and Butternut Squash Stew Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F1492571.jpg
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into 1-inch pieces
¼ cup vegetable oil, divided
1  onion, chopped
4 cloves garlic, minced
1  jalapeno pepper, seeds and membranes removed, minced
1  Thai chile pepper, seeds and membranes removed, minced
¾ cup white wine
1 ½ cups chicken stock
½  butternut squash, peeled and cut into 1-inch pieces
5 sprigs fresh thyme
3  bay leaves
¼ cup sour cream
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, or to taste

Directions:
Season flour with salt and freshly ground black pepper in a container with a lid. Dredge chicken pieces in the flour to coat.
Heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir chicken in hot oil until browned completely, 4 to 5 minutes per batch. Put browned chicken pieces in the slow cooker.
Heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in the skillet over medium heat; cook and stir onion in the hot oil until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add garlic, jalapeno pepper, and Thai chile pepper; continue to cook and stir until the garlic is fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes.
Pour white wine over the onion mixture; cook at a simmer until the liquid reduces, 2 to 3 minutes; transfer to the slow cooker.
Stir chicken stock, butternut squash, thyme, and bay leaves into the chicken mixture in the slow cooker, assuring solids are all submerged in liquid.
Cook on Low for 7 1/2 to 9 1/2 hours. Stir sour cream into the stew and season with salt and pepper; continue cooking another 30 minutes. Stir parsley into the stew.

Submitter: 
Basildon
Description: 
This creamy chicken stew is inexpensive, filling, and healthy. Serve with couscous or mashed potatoes.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
6 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.33
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
8 hrs 30 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
303 calories
16.4
g fat
19.7
g carbohydrates
15.2
g protein
50
mg cholesterol
223
mg sodium.
