URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234140/halloween-mummy-cookies/
Title:
Halloween Mummy Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1605052.jpg
Ingredients:
2/3 cup butter, softened
1 cup white sugar
2 eggs
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 (11 ounce) packages white chocolate chips, or as needed
1 1/2 tablespoons solid vegetable shortening, or as needed
miniature chocolate chips

Directions:
Beat butter and sugar with electric mixer in a large bowl until smooth. Mix in eggs one at a time, beating the first egg in until fully incorporated before adding the second. Stir in vanilla extract.
Sift together flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, and salt in a bowl; stir into butter mixture. Shape dough into a log and wrap with waxed paper, parchment, or plastic wrap. Refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Slice pieces off the log and shape them into narrow wedges about 3 inches long. Set cookies on baking tray. Cut more slices and pull off teaspoon-sized pieces and roll into balls; flatten and press balls onto wide ends of wedges for the mummies' "heads."
Bake in preheated until cookies are set and edges are dry, about 8 minutes. Let cool in pan for 1 minute; remove to wire rack to cool completely.
Combine white chocolate chips with vegetable shortening in a microwave-safe bowl. Heat in microwave on low until melted, 1 to 2 minutes, stirring every 20 seconds, until coating is warm and smooth. Coat the tops of each cookie with melted white chocolate using a small spatula or butter knife. Reheat white chocolate mixture in microwave for a few seconds and stir again if it becomes too thick to work with. Repeat coating remaining cookies with white chocolate.
Use a toothpick to score lines for "bandages" on each cookie, and place mini chocolate chips on the mummy heads for eyes.

Submitter: 
DManfredi
Description: 
These coated chocolate cookies are frightfully delicious! They have been a long-time favorite in our house during the Halloween season. I found this years ago published in the local newspaper. I still have the clipping, but cannot give credit to its creator/author, as none was printed in the article. Great family-time baking project; the kids love to help form the chilled dough into the mummy shapes, with clean hands, of course! Great for Halloween, but we also use this dough for Xmas candy cane and wreath-shaped cookies, too. Have fun!
Categories:
Desserts
Chocolate
White Chocolate

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 h 55 m
Number of servings: 
30
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
237 calories
13
g fat
28
g carbohydrates
3.3
g protein
28
mg cholesterol
105
mg sodium.
