URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234310/strawberry-fig-preserve/
Title:
Strawberry Fig Preserve Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1347638.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cups mashed fresh ripe figs
3 cups white sugar
2 (3 ounce) packages strawberry flavored gelatin (such as Jell-O®)
6 half pint canning jars with lids and rings

Directions:
Heat figs, sugar, and strawberry gelatin together in a saucepan over medium-high heat; bring to a rolling boil. Cook fig mixture, stirring frequently, for 4 minutes; remove from heat.
Sterilize jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Pour hot fig mixture into hot, sterilized jars, filling to within 1/2 inch of the top. Run a knife or thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars into the boiling water using a holder. Leave a 2-inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary to bring the water level to at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a rolling boil, cover the pot, and process for 15 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Once cool, press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
~*Corben's Mommy*~
Description: 
Using fresh figs and strawberry Jell-O, this is a very easy preserve recipe.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Jams and Jellies

Number of ratings:
8 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.875
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
48
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
69 calories
0
g fat
17.5
g carbohydrates
0.4
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
14
mg sodium.
