URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/23438/old-fashioned-stack-cake/
Title:
Old Fashioned Stack Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
4 cups all-purpose flour
2 cups white sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
4 eggs, beaten
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1/2 cup butter, melted
2 (6 ounce) packages dried mixed fruit
ground cinnamon to taste
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg (or to taste)
salt to taste

Directions:
In a medium bowl, mix the flour, sugar, salt and baking powder. Make a well in the center of the mixture and pour in the eggs, vanilla extract and butter. Using the fingers, mix well, until a firm dough has formed. Wrap in a clean tea towel and chill in the refrigerator 8 to 12 hours, or overnight.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Turn a 9 inch round baking dish upside down, and lightly grease the surface.
Pinch off a portion of the dough and roll out into a 9 inch circle approximately 1/3 inch thick. Continue this process with all the dough, making 5 to 7 layers.
Bake each layer individually in the preheated oven 8 minutes, or until lightly brown.
In a medium saucepan over medium heat, place the dried fruit in enough water to cover. Cook until soft and spreadable, but not runny, about 20 minutes.
Drain the fruit well. Mix in the cinnamon, nutmeg and salt.
Stack the layers, spreading equal portions of the fruit mixture between each layer and on top of the final layer. Chill in the refrigerator 8 to 12 hours, or overnight.

Submitter: 
JEANIE BEAN
Description: 
This is a tall, lopsided old-fashioned family favorite. Dried fruit is soaked and spiced to make the filling. The cake layers are baked on top of the round cake pans, not inside.  Make sure the dough is well chilled. Any type of dried fruit may be used. We love apple!
Categories:
Desserts
Cakes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
17 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
calories
fat
carbohydrates
protein
cholesterol
sodium.
