URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234458/pumpkin-scones-with-brown-butter-glaze/
Title:
Pumpkin Scones with Brown Butter Glaze Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/1075647.jpg
Ingredients:
3 ¼ cups all-purpose flour
⅓ cup brown sugar
2 ½ teaspoons baking powder
1 ½ teaspoons ground cinnamon
½ teaspoon baking soda
½ teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon ground ginger
⅛ pinch ground cloves
¾ cup cold unsalted butter, cut into chunks
1 (15 ounce) can pumpkin puree
⅔ cup plain yogurt
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
¾ cup chopped pecans
½ cup butter
¾ cup confectioners' sugar
1 ½ tablespoons milk, or more as needed
½ teaspoon vanilla extract

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Mix flour, brown sugar, baking powder, cinnamon, baking soda, salt, ground ginger, and ground cloves together in a bowl. Cut unsalted butter chunks into flour mixture with a pastry blender until mixture resembles coarse crumbs; make a well in the center.
Pour pumpkin puree, yogurt, and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract into the well in flour mixture; stir with a wooden spoon until a soft dough forms. Mix pecans into dough.
Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface and pat into two equal-size circles. Cut each circle into 8 wedges; transfer to a baking stone or baking sheet lined with parchment paper.
Bake scones in the preheated oven until firm to the touch and lightly browned, 12 to 15 minutes.
Heat butter in a skillet over medium heat until butter is foaming and nut-brown in color, 3 to 5 minutes.
Beat brown butter, confectioners' sugar, milk, and 1/2 teaspoon vanilla with an electric mixer on medium-high speed until sugar is dissolved and glaze is shiny, 3 to 4 minutes, adding more milk as necessary. Drizzle glaze over cooled scones.

Submitter: 
RainbowJewels
Description: 
Awesome, moist scones made with the seasonal favorite pumpkin and topped off with a mouth-watering brown butter glaze.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
9 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.78
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
35 mins
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
314 calories
18.6
g fat
33.9
g carbohydrates
4.1
g protein
39
mg cholesterol
304
mg sodium.
