URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234543/baked-brie-bites-with-sugared-cranberries/
Title:
Baked Brie Bites With Sugared Cranberries Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1050434.jpg
Ingredients:
Sugared Cranberries:
1 3/4 cups Baker's Corner Granulated Sugar, divided
1/2 cup water
1 cup fresh cranberries
Baked Brie:
2 tablespoons Countryside Creamery Unsalted Butter
1 orange, zested and juice reserved
2 1/2 ounces Tuscan Garden Real Bacon Bits
1/2 cup Southern Grove Walnuts, chopped
1/2 cup diced Granny Smith apple
1 teaspoon Stonemill Essentials Ground Cinnamon
4 tablespoons Baker's Corner Brown Sugar, divided
2 (8 ounce) packages Bake House creations Crescent Rolls
Carlini Cooking Spray
8 ounces Specially Selected Brie Cheese Round

Directions:
Sugared Cranberries: In a small saucepan, combine 1 cup sugar and 1/2 cup water over low heat. Simmer until the sugar dissolves, about 3 minutes.
Add cranberries and remove from heat. Transfer to a bowl, cover and refrigerate overnight.
Drain cranberries. Roll in remaining 3/4 cup of sugar to coat. Air dry on a wire rack for 1 hour.
Baked Brie Bites: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
In a small saucepan, melt butter. Add orange juice, bacon bits, walnuts, apple, cinnamon and 3 tablespoons brown sugar. Cook over medium-high heat, stirring frequently, until sugar has dissolved and apples begin to brown, 3-5 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir in orange zest.
Unroll crescent rolls and pinch together seams to create 1 large sheet with each package of dough. Cut each rectangle into 12 squares.
Coat a mini muffin pan with cooking spray and place a square of dough in each cup.
Cut brie into 24 pieces and place in the center of the dough square. Top with apple walnut mixture and a pinch of brown sugar. Bring edges of the dough square to the center and pinch to create a seal.
Bake for 10 minutes or until golden brown.
Garnish each bite with a sugared cranberry for an unexpected burst of flavor.

Submitter: 
ALDI
Description: 
Socks optional because they will be blown off.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
8 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
