URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234541/apple-goat-cheese-and-pecan-stuffed-pork-chops/
Title:
Apple, Goat Cheese and Pecan-Stuffed Pork Chops Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1050431.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (2 pound) Roseland Half Pork Loin
6 cups water, divided
1/2 lemon, juiced
1/4 cup Berryhill Honey
3/4 teaspoon Stonemill Essentials Iodized Salt, divided, plus additional to taste
1 cup Southern Grove Chopped Pecans
2 tablespoons Countryside Creamery Unsalted Butter
4 Granny Smith apples, thinly sliced
2 tablespoons Baker's Corner Brown Sugar
1/4 teaspoon Stonemill Essentials Ground Black Pepper, plus additional to taste
6 ounces Specially Selected Plain Goat Cheese Log, crumbled
3 tablespoons Carlini Extra Virgin Olive Oil

Directions:
Slice the pork loin into 1-inch thick chops.
In a medium pot, bring 4 cups water, lemon juice, honey and 1/2 teaspoon salt to a boil for 2 minutes.
Remove from heat, add 2 cups cold water. Pour the brine into a plastic container large enough for the chops. Add the chops, brine overnight.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place pecans on a baking sheet and bake for 5 minutes or until golden brown.
For the stuffing: In a large skillet over medium heat, melt the butter. Add the apple slices, brown sugar, 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Saute until tender. Remove from heat and allow to cool for 5 minutes. Add the chopped pecans and goat cheese.
Remove the chops from the brine.
Slit each chop horizontally to create a large hole for the stuffing.
Spoon the stuffing into the chops. Season each chop with salt and pepper to taste.
In a large skillet over medium-high heat, sear each chop in extra virgin olive oil.
Place chops on a baking pan and bake for 20-30 minutes until internal temperature is 155-160 degrees F.

Submitter: 
ALDI
Description: 
Pork chops marinated in lemon-honey brine are stuffed with a sweet-savory mixture of pecans, apples, and goat cheese, then browned and baked in this gourmet presentation.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
9 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
7
Nutritional Facts:
NA
