URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234557/pork-tenderloin-en-croute/
Title:
Pork Tenderloin En Croute Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1050449.jpg
Ingredients:
Filling:
16 ounces Appleton Farms Pork Sausage Roll
1/2 onion, quartered
4 ounces button mushrooms
3 teaspoons Stonemill Essentials Minced Garlic
1/2 bunch fresh parsley
1/2 cup Winking Owl Pinot Grigio
4 ounces Happy Farms Cream Cheese, room temperature, cubed
Stonemill Essentials Iodized Salt, to taste
Stonemill Essentials Ground Black Pepper, to taste
Pork:
Carlini Cooking Spray
15 ounces Bake House creations Refrigerated Pie Crust, room temperature
3 tablespoons Carlini Canola Oil
2 (1 pound) Roseland Pork Tenderloins
Stonemill Essentials Iodized Salt, to taste
Stonemill Essentials Ground Black Pepper, to taste
1/2 cup Countryside Creamery Unsalted Butter
2 teaspoons Stonemill Essentials Minced Garlic
1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
In a large skillet, cook sausage, breaking it apart as it cooks, until no pink remains.
Meanwhile, finely chop onion, mushrooms, garlic and parsley in a food processor.
Add onion mixture and white wine to sausage. Cook over medium-high heat until vegetables are soft and liquid has evaporated. Reduce heat and stir in cream cheese until completely melted. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Refrigerate mixture for 1 hour.
Coat 2 baking sheets with cooking spray. Unroll pie crusts and place one on each baking sheet. Refrigerate until ready to assemble the pork.
Heat oil in a large skillet over high heat. Season pork with salt and pepper to taste.  Sear meat on each side until brown, about 1-2 minutes.
In a small saucepan over medium-high heat, add butter and garlic. Cook for 2-3 minutes until butter is melted and garlic is fragrant. Reserve garlic butter.
To assemble: Place half of the sausage mixture in a line down the center of each pie crust. Place pork tenderloin on top. Roll the pie crust around the pork and pinch to seal, forming a log shape. Gently roll the assembled logs until the seams are facing down, tuck in the ends of the crust.
Brush pie crusts evenly with garlic butter. Cut several slits in each crust.
Bake for 30 minutes or until pork reaches desired doneness, 145 degrees F for medium. Let pork rest, covered with foil, for 15-20 before slicing minutes at your holiday table.  Garnish generously with parsley.

Submitter: 
ALDI
Description: 
Impress your guests with pork tenderloin wrapped in a sausage filling and a delicate pastry crust.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
2 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
