URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234686/salmon-pot-pie/
Title:
Salmon Pot Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
3 cups clam juice
1 (3 ounce) salmon fillet, skin removed
1 tablespoon olive oil
2 tablespoons butter
1 carrot, peeled and diced
1 stalk celery, diced
1 small leek, diced
1 shallot, minced
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour, or as needed
1 cup heavy whipping cream
3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, or to taste
1/2 lemon, juiced, or to taste
salt and ground black pepper to taste
10 medium shrimp, peeled and deveined
1 1/2 ounces smoked salmon, chopped
1/2 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Grease two 2-cup baking dishes.
Bring the clam juice to a simmer in a small pot. Place salmon fillet into clam juice; poach until fish flakes easily with a fork, about 10 minutes. Remove salmon to a plate; reserve poaching liquid.
Heat olive oil and butter in a skillet over medium heat. Stir in carrot, celery, leek, and shallot; cook and stir until vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes. Whisk flour into vegetable mixture; cook and stir until flour is golden, about 5 minutes.
Whisk reserved poaching liquid and cream into vegetable mixture; return to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until sauce thickens, about 3 minutes. Stir dill and lemon juice into mixture; season with salt and pepper.
Break salmon fillet into bite-size pieces; divide into prepared baking dishes. Cover salmon with 1/3 the sauce; layer 5 shrimp into each dish. Cover shrimp with 1/3 the sauce; divide smoked salmon evenly into each dish. Top with remaining 1/3 the sauce.
Roll out puff pastry sheet 1/8-inch thick on a lightly floured surface. Cut two pastry circles large enough to cover the baking dishes and place one circle over each dish. Place dishes on a baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until pastry is risen and golden brown, about 15 minutes. Cool for 5 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Paul Cairney
Description: 
I was looking to make some warm comfort food on a cold winter day. I was thinking chicken pot pie but wanted to try something different, though along the same lines - served in a individual baking dish with a creamy sauce, and topped with puff pastry. Sounds like chicken pot pie but I wanted salmon! I looked at some fish pie recipes but nothing I found came in that familiar comforting form. So I set out on my own and this is what I came up with! Hope you enjoy it.
Categories:
Seafood
Fish
Salmon
Smoked

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
565 calories
45.5
g fat
25.1
g carbohydrates
15.2
g protein
153
mg cholesterol
687
mg sodium.
