URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234698/sweet-and-spicy-lime-chicken/
Title:
Sweet and Spicy Lime Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F1403208.jpg
Ingredients:
1  jalapeno pepper
4 cloves garlic
1  shallot
3 tablespoons olive oil, divided
salt and ground black pepper to taste
½ teaspoon dried parsley
½ teaspoon dried thyme
6  skinless, boneless chicken thighs
½ cup white wine
1  lime, juiced
1 tablespoon honey, or more to taste
½ cup chicken broth

Directions:
Puree jalapeno pepper, garlic, shallot, and 1 tablespoon olive oil, salt, and black pepper in a food processor. Add parsley and thyme; process again to integrate.
Rub the jalapeno pepper mixture evenly onto the chicken thighs, place onto a platter and cover with plastic wrap; marinate in refrigerator at least 1 hour, up to 24 hours.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in an oven-safe skillet over medium-low heat. Cook chicken thighs in hot oil until golden brown, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer chicken to a platter, retaining drippings in the skillet.
Reduce heat under the skillet to low. Pour wine into the pan; bring to a boil while scraping the browned bits of food from the bottom of the pan with a flat-edged wooden spoon. Stir lime juice and honey into the wine; bring to a simmer and cook until the volume of the liquid reduces slightly, about 5 minutes. Return chicken to the skillet. Pour broth over the chicken.
Transfer skillet to preheated oven and bake until the sauce has thickened and the chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 20 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).

Submitter: 
Samantha Jones
Description: 
This was an 'on-the-fly' recipe I came up with while trying to avoid the same-old chicken dinner. If you prefer more heat, leave the seeds and ribs of the jalapeno in before pureeing.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
6 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.67
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 50 mins
Number of servings: 
1 hr
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
288 calories
18.6
g fat
6.3
g carbohydrates
19.6
g protein
71
mg cholesterol
67
mg sodium.
