URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234609/caramelized-onion-bacon-pizza/
Title:
Caramelized Onion Bacon Pizza Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1050938.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup MUSSELMAN'S® Apple Butter
(15-inch) unbaked pizza crust (or store-bought refrigerated pizza dough)
2 teaspoons olive oil
2 teaspoons unsalted butter
1 large yellow onion, thinly sliced
Pinch of salt
1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar
Pinch red pepper flakes (optional)
6 slices cooked bacon, roughly chopped
1 1/2 cups shredded Gouda cheese
1/3 cup pecans, roughly chopped
2 cups baby arugula to finish, or as needed

Directions:
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.
In a medium skillet or cast iron skillet, heat olive oil and melt butter over medium heat. Add onions. Toss onions to coat.
Let onions cook, without stirring, for about 5 minutes. After 5 minutes, give the onions a stir and add a pinch of salt. Let onions cook for another 5-7 minutes, without stirring.
At this point, remove skillet from heat momentarily, and add balsamic vinegar. Stir to incorporate. Place skillet back onto heat and continue cooking until onions are caramelized and broken down, about another 10 minutes or so. Remove from heat and set aside until ready to build pizza.
Place unbaked pizza crust on a cookie sheet or pizza stone and bake for 10 minutes. Remove from oven.
Evenly spread apple butter over crust and sprinkle a pinch of red pepper flakes over the apple butter. Spread caramelized onions over apple butter, and then sprinkle chopped bacon and pecans evenly over the onions. Top with shredded Gouda. Place in oven (still at 450 degrees F) and bake for an additional 8-12 minutes, or until cheese is bubbling and browning.
Remove from oven and let sit for about 5 minutes before slicing.
Slice pizza and top each slice with fresh baby arugula to finish.

Submitter: 
Musselman's® Apple Butter
Description: 
Caramelized onions, bacon, apple butter, and Gouda cheese come together to create this deliciously different pizza.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
782 calories
44.7
g fat
73
g carbohydrates
23.9
g protein
85
mg cholesterol
1199
mg sodium.
