URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234649/rutabaga-and-carrot-puff/
Title:
Rutabaga and Carrot Puff Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
4 carrots, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch chunks
1 rutabaga, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch chunks
1/2 onion, chopped
1 1/2 cups chicken stock
1/4 cup butter, divided
1 tablespoon brown sugar
1 pinch freshly grated nutmeg
2 eggs, slightly beaten
1 tablespoon all-purpose flour, or as needed
2 tablespoons baking powder
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1/2 cup finely chopped pecans

Directions:
Combine carrots, rutabaga, onion, chicken stock, 3 tablespoons butter, brown sugar, and nutmeg in a large saucepan; bring to a boil. Reduce heat, partially cover saucepan with a lid, and simmer, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are very tender, about 45 minutes.
Transfer vegetables using a slotted spoon to a food processor or blender. Continue to cook remaining broth mixture in saucepan over high heat, stirring constantly, until liquid reduced to about 1 tablespoon, 2 to 3 minutes. Add reduced broth mixture to vegetables in food processor; blend until very smooth. Transfer mixture to a bowl and cool to room temperature.
Stir eggs, flour, baking powder, salt, and pepper into pureed vegetable mixture until evenly combined; spoon into a buttered 6-cup casserole or souffle dish.
Melt remaining 1 tablespoon butter in a saucepan over low heat; stir in pecans until fragrant and coated, 1 to 2 minutes. Spread buttered pecans around the edge the vegetable mixture, creating a border. Cover dish with plastic wrap and refrigerate, 8 hours to overnight.
Bring vegetable mixture to room temperature, about 30 minutes before baking.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Remove plastic wrap from casserole dish.
Bake in the preheated oven until puffed, set in the middle, and golden brown, about 30 minutes.

Submitter: 
Meg from Ottawa
Description: 
This is a family favorite at holidays, particularly among the adults. Shallots can be substituted for onion and hazelnuts substituted for pecans if desired.
Categories:
Main Dish
Casseroles

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3.5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
10 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
220 calories
16.3
g fat
16.9
g carbohydrates
4.6
g protein
83
mg cholesterol
784
mg sodium.
