URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234692/korean-pork-curry/
Title:
Korean Pork Curry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5225565.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 cup olive oil, divided
1 1/2 pounds boneless pork chops, cut into cubes
1 large yellow onion, cut into cubes
2 large russet potatoes, peeled and cut into cubes
3 large carrots, peeled and cut into cubes
4 cups water
1 tablespoon Korean-style curry powder (such as Assi® mild curry powder), or more to taste

Directions:
Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat; cook and stir pork in hot oil until completely browned, 5 to 7 minutes.
Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large pot; cook and stir onion, potatoes, and carrots in the hot oil until the vegetables begin to soften, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir pork into the vegetable mixture.
Pour water into the pot, reduce heat to low, and place a cover on the pot; cook at a simmer until the potatoes are tender, but not yet falling apart, about 20 minutes.
Remove pot from heat and stir curry powder into the pork mixture until completely dissolves. Return pot to heat and continue cooking until the sauce is thick and the onions are translucent, 20 to 30 minutes more.

Submitter: 
Cristina Marie Winchester
Description: 
Mild curry dish popular in Korea, includes ingredients you can find in your local grocery store and Korean/Asian market. The 'Ottogi' version of the curry simply leaves out the meat, making this a great dish for vegetarians. Feel free to add bell peppers. It is important to note that the curry powder used in this recipe is a pre-made mixture and not regular curry powder you can buy in every supermarket. I personally use Assi brand Korean products in my kitchen. For this recipe, I used 'Assi curry powder, mild-hot.' Serve over rice.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Korean

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.25
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
303 calories
13.6
g fat
27.9
g carbohydrates
17.6
g protein
36
mg cholesterol
60
mg sodium.
