URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234689/spicy-bacon-cheeseburger-dip/
Title:
Spicy Bacon Cheeseburger Dip Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/2182231.jpg
Ingredients:
8 slices bacon
1 pound lean ground beef
2 tablespoons dill pickle juice
1 pinch salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 (16 ounce) package processed American cheese, cut into cubes
8 ounces cream cheese
1 cup shredded part-skim mozzarella cheese
1 (10 ounce) can diced tomatoes with green chile peppers
6 green onions, thinly sliced
1 tablespoon ketchup
1 tablespoon Dijon mustard
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper (optional)

Directions:
Place the bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Remove bacon to a plate lined with a paper towel, retaining drippings in the skillet.
Break ground beef in pieces and add to drippings in the skillet. Cook and stir beef until completely browned, 7 to 10 minutes; drain in a colander. Rinse beef with water to wash away excess fat; drain. Transfer drained beef to a bowl. Stir pickle juice into the beef; season with salt and pepper.
Combine ground beef mixture, American cheese, cream cheese, diced tomatoes with green chile peppers, green onions, ketchup, Dijon mustard, and cayenne pepper in a slow cooker.
Cook cheese mixture on Low, stirring occasionally, until the cheese is melted completely, about 1 hour. Crumble bacon over the surface of the dip to serve.

Submitter: 
brightlightz
Description: 
The flavors of a bacon cheeseburger combine to make this hearty and easy to put together dip that feeds a big crowd!  If the dip becomes too thick, thin with small amounts of milk to desired consistency. Serve warm with tortilla chips, bagel chips, or corn chip scoops.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Spicy

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
261 calories
20.3
g fat
2.6
g carbohydrates
16.7
g protein
71
mg cholesterol
727
mg sodium.
