URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234781/braised-short-ribs-with-roasted-garlic-horseradish-mashed/
Title:
Braised Short Ribs with Roasted Garlic Horseradish Mashed Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1052973.jpg
Ingredients:
Braised Short Ribs:
6 bone-in beef short ribs
kosher salt
extra virgin olive oil
1 large Spanish onion, cut into 1/2-inch pieces
2 celery ribs, cut into 1/2-inch pieces
2 carrots, peeled, cut in half lengthwise, then cut into 1/2-inch pieces
2 garlic cloves, smashed
1 1/2 cups tomato paste
2 cups hearty red wine, or more to taste
2 cups water
1 bunch fresh thyme, tied with kitchen string
2 bay leaves
Roasted Garlic Horseradish Mashed:
1 (4 ounce) package Idahoan® Roasted Garlic Flavored Mashed Potatoes, prepared
2 teaspoons prepared horseradish sauce

Directions:
Braised Short Ribs: Season each short rib generously with salt. Coat a pot large enough to accommodate all the meat and vegetables with olive oil and bring to a high heat.
Add the short ribs to the pan and brown very well, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Do not overcrowd pan. Cook in batches, if necessary.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.
While the short ribs are browning, puree all the vegetables and garlic in the food processor until it forms a coarse paste.
When the short ribs are very brown on all sides, remove them from the pan.
Drain the fat, coat the bottom of same pan with fresh oil and add the pureed vegetables.
Season the vegetables generously with salt and brown until they are very dark and a crud has formed on the bottom of the pan, approximately 5 to 7 minutes.
Scrape the crud and let it reform.
Scrape the crud again and add the tomato paste.
Brown the tomato paste for 4 to 5 minutes.
Add the wine and scrape the bottom of the pan.
Lower the heat if things start to burn. Reduce the mixture by half.
Return the short ribs to the pan and add 2 cups water or until the water has just about covered the meat.
Add the thyme bundle and bay leaves.
Cover the pan and place in the preheated oven for 3 hours.
Check periodically during the cooking process and add more water, if needed.
Turn the ribs over halfway through the cooking time.
Remove lid during the last 20 minutes of cooking to let things get nice and brown and to let the sauce reduce. Serve with the braising liquid.
Roasted Garlic Horseradish Mashed: Blend the potatoes and horseradish together and serve with the short ribs.

Submitter: 
Idahoan
Description: 
Beef short ribs are braised for hours with wine and vegetables in the oven until tender and flavorful, then served with horseradish mashed potatoes for a hearty meal perfect for cooler weather.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
Idahoan&#174;

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.85714292526245
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
3 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
825 calories
55
g fat
36.9
g carbohydrates
32.4
g protein
116
mg cholesterol
1144
mg sodium.
