URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234739/cauliflower-soup-drizzled-with-white-truffle-oil/
Title:
Cauliflower Soup drizzled with White Truffle Oil Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1116752.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons unsalted butter
1 cup finely chopped onion
5 cups cauliflower florets
2 cloves garlic, chopped
6 cups low-sodium chicken broth
1 teaspoon sea salt
3/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon white truffle oil

Directions:
Melt butter in a large cast-iron pot over medium heat. Cook and stir onion in hot butter until tender, about 7 minutes. Add cauliflower and garlic; cook, stirring, until garlic is fragrant and cauliflower starts to soften, 5 minutes. Pour chicken broth, salt, and pepper into cauliflower mixture; cover pot and simmer until cauliflower is tender, about 25 minutes.
Pour cauliflower mixture into a blender no more than half full. Cover and hold lid down; pulse a few times before leaving on to blend. Puree in batches until smooth. Return pureed soup to pot and bring to a simmer. Ladle soup into bowls and drizzle with truffle oil.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
I love cauliflower, but wanted to make something different and decided to make soup! This is a great Paleo recipe and Italian recipe to enjoy. I may add red pepper flakes next time to give it a little extra kick but the white truffle oil did make cauliflower soup really amazing. I use my emulsifier to blend right in my pan. I don't like to dirty another appliance if I don't have to. This is much easier to clean then a blender! Just remember to remove from heat and set emulsifier in the pan and set to the on position! White truffle oil is available at Italian markets, many specialty foods stores, and select supermarkets.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Vegetable Soup
Cauliflower

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3.33333325386047
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
142 calories
7.7
g fat
12.3
g carbohydrates
7.9
g protein
21
mg cholesterol
649
mg sodium.
