URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234749/gluten-free-heart-friendly-carrot-pancakes/
Title:
Gluten-Free Heart-Friendly Carrot Pancakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3322373.jpg
Ingredients:
Dry Ingredients:
1/2 cup chopped walnuts
2 1/2 cups gluten-free oat flour
1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 teaspoon cream of tartar
1/2 teaspoon salt
Wet Ingredients:
1 (14.5 ounce) can sliced carrots
1 1/2 cups orange juice
1 cup water
1 jumbo egg, beaten
2 tablespoons walnut oil
1 tablespoon canola oil, or as needed

Directions:
Pulse walnuts in a food processor or blender until finely crushed; transfer to a large bowl. Whisk oat flour, baking soda, cinnamon, cream of tartar, and salt with the walnuts.
Puree carrots in a food processor; transfer to a separate bowl. Whisk orange juice, water, egg, and walnut oil with the pureed carrots until smooth; stir into the dry ingredients to make a rich and hearty batter. Set batter aside to rest for 5 minutes.
Heat a small amount of canola oil in a nonstick skillet over medium heat. Tilt skillet to coat cooking surface with oil.
Stir the batter again with the whisk. Use a 1/4-cup measuring cup to spoon out the batter, but do not fill the measuring cup.  Drop small amounts of the batter into the skillet.
Cook pancakes until the edges start to look dry, 3 to 5 minutes; turn and continue cooking until the other side is browned, 3 to 5 minutes more.

Submitter: 
ColoradoNutritionCoach.org
Description: 
Think of these pancakes as mini carrot cakes for breakfast. Don't tell the kids there are carrots in these pancakes, and they will never know. Yummy with just margarine, they are also good with honey or real maple syrup. These pancakes are a good way to add beta-carotene to your day, as well as help the kids get in more veggies.
Categories:
Side Dish
Vegetables
Carrots

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
25
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
81 calories
4.4
g fat
9.3
g carbohydrates
2.1
g protein
10
mg cholesterol
165
mg sodium.
