URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234827/dark-chocolate-glazed-coconut-ringlets/
Title:
Dark Chocolate Glazed Coconut Ringlets Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1053306.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup unsalted butter, softened
1 cup granulated sugar
1/2 cup packed brown sugar
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon cream of tartar
1/8 teaspoon salt
1 large egg
2 tablespoons milk
1/2 tablespoon coconut extract
3 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
Dark Chocolate Glaze (see below)
1 cup sweetened flaked coconut, toasted*
Dark Chocolate Glaze:
3/4 cup Ghirardelli® 60% Cacao Bittersweet Chocolate Baking Chips
3 tablespoons unsalted butter
2 cups powdered sugar
1 tablespoon light-color corn syrup
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/4 cup hot water

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a large bowl, beat butter with an electric mixer on medium to high speed for 30 seconds. Add granulated sugar, brown sugar, baking soda, cream of tartar, and salt. Beat until combined, scraping bowl occasionally. Beat in egg, milk, and coconut extract until combined. Beat in as much of the flour as you can with the mixer. Stir in any remaining flour with a spatula or wooden spoon.
Shape 2 level measuring tablespoons of dough into a 12-inch rope. Cut rope crosswise into three 4-inch pieces. Brings ends of each piece together to form a ring. Arrange rings 2 inches apart on ungreased baking sheets. Repeat with remaining dough.
Bake for 6 to 7 minutes or until edges are firm but not brown. Transfer to a wire rack; cool. Dip each cookie in Dark Chocolate Glaze and sprinkle with coconut. Let stand until glaze is set.
Enjoy immediately, store in an airtight container at room temperature for 2 days, or freeze for up to 3 months.
In a medium saucepan, heat and stir Ghirardelli 60% Cacao Bittersweet Chocolate Baking Chips and butter over very low heat until melted and smooth. Remove from heat. Stir in powdered sugar, corn syrup, and vanilla. Stir in hot water to make a thin glaze. If necessary, as glaze stands, stir in additional hot water to reach original consistency.

Submitter: 
Ghirardelli®
Description: 
Ring-shaped cookies are dipped in dark chocolate glaze and sprinkled with toasted coconut for a unique cookie for the holidays or everyday.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
47 m
Number of servings: 
72
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
95 calories
4.1
g fat
14.1
g carbohydrates
0.9
g protein
11
mg cholesterol
27
mg sodium.
