URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234952/uncle-ds-sweet-piccalilli-green-tomato-relish/
Title:
Uncle D's Sweet Piccalilli (Green Tomato Relish) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1788997.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cups apple cider vinegar
3 cups white sugar
2 tablespoons salt
1 tablespoon mustard seed
1 tablespoon dried basil
6 cups seeded and finely chopped green tomatoes
2 cups finely chopped red bell peppers
2 cups finely chopped red onion
2 cups finely chopped Granny Smith apples
8 4-ounce canning jars with lids and rings

Directions:
Combine vinegar, sugar, salt, mustard seed, and basil in a large pot; bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer until sugar is dissolved, about 5 minutes. Stir green tomatoes, red bell peppers, red onion, and Granny Smith apples into vinegar mixture; boil vigorously, stirring occasionally, until vegetables have softened and relish flavors have blended, 15 to 20 minutes.
Sterilize the jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Pack relish into hot, sterilized jars, filling to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a knife or thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars into the boiling water using a holder. Leave a 2-inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary to bring the water level to at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a rolling boil, cover the pot, and process for about 10 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Once cool, press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
WhoLvsYaBby
Description: 
Not sure what to do with the last of those green tomatoes from your garden? This recipe will use 'em up and the result is a tasty relish that is flavorful and can be used in place of sweet pickle relish. It can also be used like a side chutney for pork chops or sausage. Makes a great fall/harvest gift for friends and neighbors too.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Relishes

Number of ratings:
7 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.57142877578735
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
48
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
65 calories
0.1
g fat
15.6
g carbohydrates
0.5
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
295
mg sodium.
