URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/235048/grilled-arms-halloween-recipe-for-scallops-bacon-and-white-asparagus-/
Title:
Grilled Arms (Halloween Recipe for Scallops, Bacon, and White Asparagus)  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 large spears white asparagus
2 small spears white asparagus
8 slices bacon
1/4 cup dry white vermouth
1/3 cup lemon juice, divided
1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon
1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley
1 tablespoon unsalted butter
salt and ground black pepper, to taste
8 large sea scallops, tough ligament removed if attached
1 lemon - cut into wedges, for garnish

Directions:
Bring a pot of water to boil. Cook asparagus in boiling water until tender, about 4 minutes. Drain and rinse asparagus in cold water until cool. Cut asparagus spears into 1/4-inch long pieces.
Fry bacon in a large skillet over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Remove the bacon to drain on paper towels.
Return skillet to stove top; raise heat to high and add vermouth, 1/4 cup lemon juice, tarragon, parsley, butter, salt, and pepper to bacon drippings. When mixture begins to steam, arrange scallops in skillet, making sure they don't touch each other. Cook until bottoms are golden, about 2 minutes; flip scallops and repeat cooking on other side.
Remove scallops and arrange on serving dish; remove any remaining bits of tarragon and parsley from the sides of scallops. Drizzle remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons lemon juice evenly over scallops.
Cut bacon to approximate size of scallops. Place 1 piece of bacon over each scallop; arrange 1 large slice and 1 small slice of asparagus on top of each bacon piece to resemble a cross-section of an arm with the bones sticking out. Serve with lemon wedges.

Submitter: 
Yresim Demus
Description: 
A Halloween variation on bacon wrapped scallops, garnished with white asparagus. If you prefer a cleaner tasting scallop, try replacing the vermouth with water.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Pork
Bacon
Appetizers

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
262 calories
11.3
g fat
8.6
g carbohydrates
27.4
g protein
76
mg cholesterol
693
mg sodium.
