URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/235164/scots-thai-soup/
Title:
Scot's Thai Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 quarts vegetable broth
1 cup dried red beans
1 cup quinoa, or more to taste
1 cup pearl barley, or more to taste
1 stalk celery, chopped
1 tomato, diced
6 cloves garlic (or more to taste), peeled and chopped
1 red chile pepper, sliced
1/2 green bell pepper (or more to taste), cut into 1-inch pieces
1/2 cup chopped green onion, or more to taste
2 ounces Thai red curry paste
1 (1 inch) piece fresh ginger root, peeled and thinly sliced (or more to taste)
3 tablespoons chicken bouillon powder, or more to taste
2 tablespoons dried Italian seasoning, or more to taste
2 tablespoons ground black pepper
2 teaspoons dried chives
2 teaspoons onion powder
2 teaspoons garlic powder
1 (5.6 ounce) can coconut milk
2 tablespoons fresh lime juice

Directions:
Place the red beans into a large container and cover with several inches of cool water; let soak 8 hours to overnight.
Drain and rinse beans. Put beans in a slow cooker; add quinoa, barley, celery, tomato, garlic, red chile pepper, green bell pepper, green onion, curry paste, ginger, chicken bouillon, Italian seasoning, black pepper, chives, onion powder, and garlic powder to the beans.
Cook on High, stirring occasionally, until the beans and barley are tender, about 4 hours. Stir coconut milk and lime juice into the soup; cook 15 minutes more.

Submitter: 
Skash
Description: 
This soup began as something else that evolved as it was being cooked. After tasting it a few times, it needed something else. So the Thai red curry paste, lime juice, and coconut milk were added after cooking for 4 hours. That was the magic! Everyone who tried it was very satisfied, except one who didn't care for anything spicy. This isn't overpoweringly spicy, just enough heat tamed by the lime juice and coconut milk. Have fun!
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
12 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
248 calories
3.1
g fat
45.5
g carbohydrates
11.1
g protein
< 1
mg cholesterol
821
mg sodium.
