URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/235141/chicken-french-with-escarole/
Title:
Chicken French with Escarole Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F1087863.jpg
Ingredients:
2  eggs
2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese
1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley
1 cup flour
4  boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, pounded to 1/4-inch thickness
2 tablespoons oil
¼ cup butter
2 cloves garlic, minced
2  lemons, juiced
1 cup sherry
½ cup water
1 cube chicken bouillon
1 head escarole, rinsed and torn

Directions:
Beat eggs, Parmesan cheese, and parsley together in a shallow bowl. Place flour in a separate shallow bowl.
Gently press chicken breast halves into flour to coat and shake off any excess flour. Dip chicken into egg mixture.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook chicken breasts in hot oil until browned, 4 to 6 minutes per side. Remove chicken from skillet and reduce heat to medium.
Stir butter and garlic into hot skillet. Cook and stir until garlic is fragrant and soft, 3 to 5 minutes. Return chicken breasts to the skillet and drizzle lemon juice over the chicken.
Pour sherry into skillet; stir water and chicken bouillon cube into sherry mixture. Simmer until chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 10 to 15 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Place a steamer insert into a saucepan and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer. Bring water to a boil. Add escarole, cover, and steam until tender, 2 to 4 minutes. Serve escarole topped with chicken and pan sauce.

Submitter: 
Genelle Mangine Marsh
Description: 
This chicken recipe is great with escarole and/or pasta. The lemon/wine/butter sauce can be drizzled not only on your escarole, but also the pasta. This is a family favorite.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
35 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
533 calories
24.5
g fat
41.9
g carbohydrates
32
g protein
184
mg cholesterol
890
mg sodium.
