URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/235125/margherita-prosciutto-with-crispy-tomatoes-on-ciabatta/
Title:
Margherita® Prosciutto with Crispy Tomatoes on Ciabatta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1059544.jpg
Ingredients:
Garlic Aioli:
3 cloves cloves garlic, mashed
1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano
3 teaspoons fresh lemon juice
1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil
Dash of salt and pepper
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1/2 cup dry yellow polenta
1 beefsteak tomato or in-season yellow/red heirloom tomato, sliced
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 Tuscan ciabatta roll, sliced in half
2 ounces fresh baby arugula
1/4 pound Margherita® Prosciutto, sliced

Directions:
To make the garlic aioli, combine the mashed garlic, oregano, lemon juice, mayonnaise, and olive oil. Stir until well mixed, or beat with a small whisk. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
In small or medium mixing bowl, combine grated Parmesan cheese and polenta, then distribute evenly on separate plate. Place sliced tomatoes in the polenta-parmesan mixture, covering both sides to coat.
Heat small or medium frying pan to low heat, add a dash olive oil to pan, then add tomatoes. Fry for 1-2 minutes on each side until light brown and crispy, then remove from heat.
Toast the sliced ciabatta roll in the frying pan until edges become crispy, about 1 minute, then remove from heat.
Spread 2 tablespoons garlic aioli to the bottom slice of ciabatta bread.
Add baby arugula then polenta-parmesan crusted tomatoes.
Top with sliced Margherita(R) Prosciutto, close with top half of bread and serve.

Submitter: 
Margherita Meats
Description: 
Garlic aioli spread over a toasted ciabatta roll then piled high with polenta-crusted tomatoes, arugula, savory Margherita® Prosciutto.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
Margherita&#174; Meats

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3.5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
20 m
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
1014 calories
45.2
g fat
105.4
g carbohydrates
48.9
g protein
87
mg cholesterol
3272
mg sodium.
