URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/235358/how-to-make-a-simple-meat-sauce/?src=VD_Summary
Title:
How to Make a Simple Meat Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4468649.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 pound beef top round steak, diced
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 bunch green onions (white and pale green parts only), chopped
1/2 cup beef broth
1/2 cup milk
1 (28 ounce) jar prepared pasta sauce
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 pinch red pepper flakes, or to taste
1/2 teaspoon dried Italian herbs, or to taste
1 (14.6 ounce) package penne pasta
1 teaspoon shredded Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, or to taste

Directions:
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat and cook beef, stirring often, until well browned, about 15 minutes. Stir garlic and green onions into the beef. Cook until softened, about 2 minutes. Pour beef broth into skillet and scrape up any browned bits on the bottom of the skillet.
Pour in milk, bring to a simmer, and stir pasta sauce into beef mixture. Simmer until beef pieces are tender, about 40 minutes. If mixture is too thick, add a little water. Season with salt, black pepper, red pepper flakes, and Italian herbs.
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a boil. Stir in penne and return to a boil. Cook pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, until cooked through but still firm to the bite, about 11 minutes; drain. Pour penne into sauce and toss lightly to coat. Transfer into a serving bowl and serve topped with a sprinkle of Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
This super-easy braised beef pasta sauce is similar to regular ground meat sauces, but instead of ground beef, it uses freshly cubed beef as the base. The advantages are obvious and quite delicious. 

Using this method, you get to choose the cut you like; I used top round, but rump roast or chuck steak would be just as good. You can also control the fat content.
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
Italian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
532 calories
14.7
g fat
72.1
g carbohydrates
28.6
g protein
45
mg cholesterol
644
mg sodium.
