URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/235572/savory-curried-chicken-wild-rice-and-apple-soup/
Title:
Savory Curried Chicken, Wild Rice, and Apple Soup Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
½ cup slivered almonds
4 cups chopped cooked chicken
½ cup mango chutney
3 tablespoons butter
3 tablespoons olive oil
2  onions, finely chopped
3 stalks celery, finely chopped
3 cloves garlic, minced - or more to taste
1 (28 ounce) can chopped tomatoes in juice
1 cup golden raisins
2 tablespoons Madras curry powder
¼ teaspoon ground cayenne pepper
8 cups chicken stock
2 cups cooked wild rice
2  apples, cored and chopped
¼ cup chopped fresh parsley
2 tablespoons lemon juice
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Spread almonds onto a baking sheet with edges.
Toast almonds in preheated oven, stirring every 2 minutes, until lightly browned, 5 to 10 minutes; transfer to a large bowl. Add chicken and mango chutney to the bowl; stir.
Melt butter with olive oil in a large stock pot or Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Cook and stir onion, celery, and garlic in melted butter until onions begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Add tomatoes with juice and raisins; continue to cook, stirring frequently, until the raisins plump, about 10 minutes. Season the mixture with curry powder and cayenne pepper; stir.
Pour chicken stock into the pot; add the chicken mixture, wild rice, apples, parsley, and lemon juice. Bring the mixture to a boil, reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer until the apples are tender yet retain some crispiness, about 5 minutes. Season soup with salt and pepper.

Submitter: 
MAEGANC
Description: 
Everyone who tastes this recipe has to have it. It is just spicy enough, just sweet enough and totally delicious. It is a wonderful showcase for fall's best fruit, the apple.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
2 Ratings
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
55 mins
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
208 calories
8.8
g fat
23.9
g carbohydrates
9.7
g protein
24
mg cholesterol
462
mg sodium.
