URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/235711/whiz-wit-chili/
Title:
'Whiz Wit' Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/2083129.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 cup olive oil, or as needed, divided
1 large onion, thickly sliced
1 pinch garlic salt, or to taste
1 large green bell pepper, thickly sliced
1 pound thinly sliced boneless beef steak (chip steak), sliced into strips 1 inch wide
1 (1.25 ounce) package chili seasoning mix
1 (16 ounce) jar pasteurized processed cheese spread (such as Kraft® Cheez Whiz®)
1 1/2 cups spicy tomato sauce, or more to taste
1 (6.5 ounce) can tomato sauce, or as needed
1 (15 ounce) can kidney beans, rinsed and drained

Directions:
Heat enough olive oil to lightly coat onions in a large pot over medium heat. Stir onion into the oil, season with garlic salt, and cook until tender, 7 to 10 minutes. Remove onions to a plate lined with paper towel to drain.
Heat more oil in the pot as needed to coat bell peppers completely in oil. Stir green bell pepper into the hot oil and season with garlic salt. Cook and stir pepper until tender, about 5 minutes; transfer to plate lined with paper towel to drain.
Heat more oil in the pot as needed to coat beef completely in oil. Stir sliced beef into the hot oil; season with garlic salt. Cook the beef, breaking apart clumped pieces with a spoon as you stir, until mostly browned, about 5 minutes. Season beef with chili seasoning mix and continue cooking until the beef is no longer pink, 2 to 3 minutes more.
Stir processed cheese spread into the beef mixture. Pour spicy tomato sauce over the beef and stir until the cheese and sauce are smoothly mixed. Add just enough tomato sauce to the beef mixture so the beef can simmer in liquid but is not submerged; add kidney beans, cooked onion, and cooked pepper. Add more tomato sauce to the mixture again to just coat the ingredients. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until the beef and beans reach your desired texture, 30 to 60 minutes.

Submitter: 
Dan
Description: 
For those of you not from the Philadelphia area, 'whiz wit' it how we order our cheesesteaks (meaning Cheez Whiz® with onions). This is a recipe I came up with combining two of my favorite foods, the cheesesteak and chili. This is a great recipe to make for parties or the big game. Throw it in a slow cooker to keep warm, and it feeds an army.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Chili

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
469 calories
34.5
g fat
20.9
g carbohydrates
20.3
g protein
82
mg cholesterol
1851
mg sodium.
