URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/235804/simple-turtlesr-pumpkin-pie/
Title:
Simple Turtles® Pumpkin Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Crust:
1 1/4 cups finely crushed graham cracker crumbs
1/4 cup white sugar
6 tablespoons butter, melted
Filling:
1/4 cup caramel topping
1/2 cup pecan pieces
1 cup cold milk
1 cup canned pumpkin
2 (4-serving size) packages instant vanilla pudding mix
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1 (8 ounce) container whipped topping (such as Cool Whip®), thawed and divided
2 tablespoons pecan pieces
2 tablespoons caramel topping

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Combine graham cracker crumbs, sugar, and melted butter in a mixing bowl until evenly moistened; press into the bottom and sides of a 9-inch pie pan.
Bake in the preheated oven until the crust is lightly browned and smells toasted, about 6 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to cool.
Spread 1/4 cup caramel topping onto the cooled crust. Sprinkle 1/2 cup pecan pieces over the caramel topping.
Whisk milk, pumpkin, pudding mix, cinnamon, and nutmeg together in a bowl until well combined. Stir 1 1/2 cups whipped topping into pumpkin mixture. Spread pumpkin mixture into crust. Spread remaining whipped topping over the top of the pie. Refrigerate pie until chilled, at least 1 hour. Sprinkle 2 tablespoons pecans atop the pie and drizzle with 2 tablespoons caramel using a fork.

Submitter: 
Keri
Description: 
This is a very simple and delicious recipe. The combination of caramel, pecans, pumpkin, and a graham cracker crust brings the flavors together. Taste-wise I prefer to make a homemade crust, but a pre-made graham cracker crust can be substituted to reduce prep time. It is a staple in our family around the holidays and has won several cooking contests. I hope you enjoy it as much as we do! Store leftovers in the refrigerator.
Categories:
Fruits and Vegetables
Vegetables
Squash

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
367 calories
19.4
g fat
48.3
g carbohydrates
3
g protein
20
mg cholesterol
504
mg sodium.
