URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236072/coffee-cake-muffins-with-kahlua/
Title:
Coffee Cake Muffins with Kahlua Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1089845.jpg
Ingredients:
Crumb Topping:
3 tablespoons sugar
1/2 cup dark brown sugar
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted
1 1/3 cups cake flour
Muffins:
2 cups cake flour
3/4 cup sugar
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened
1 cup sour cream
2 eggs
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
Glaze:
1 cup powdered sugar
3 tablespoons Kahlua, or more as needed

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F and line a muffin tin with liners.
For the crumb topping combine the sugar, brown sugar, cinnamon, melted butter, and cake flour. Mix together until crumbly topping forms. Set aside.
In the bowl of a countertop mixer with the paddle attachment, sift together cake flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Stir until well combined. Add the softened butter and sour cream; mix until combined. Add eggs and vanilla. Mix just until liquid is absorbed. Batter may look lumpy.
Fill the muffin cups about 1/2 full with batter. (Note: Do not add crumb topping yet.)
Bake the muffins until the muffins are set but not quite fully baked, 23 to 25 minutes. Add a generous amount of crumb topping to the top of each muffin. Gently press the topping into the muffins. Continue baking until muffins are done,  8 to 10 more minutes. A toothpick inserted into the center of the muffin should come out almost clean once the muffins are done. Remove from oven and set on rack to cool slightly.
While the muffins are cooling, make the Kahlua Glaze. Combine the powdered sugar and Kahlua in a small bowl. Stir together until a thick glaze forms.
Drizzle the tops of the cooled muffins with the Kahlua Glaze.

Submitter: 
Kahlua®
Description: 
Moist coffee cake muffins with a crumb topping are finished with a sweet Kahlua glaze.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
2
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
450 calories
16.7
g fat
68.9
g carbohydrates
5.1
g protein
70
mg cholesterol
221
mg sodium.
