URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236045/snowball-truffles/
Title:
Snowball Truffles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1086960.jpg
Ingredients:
Coconut Filling:
1 cup finely shredded unsweetened coconut
5 tablespoons So Delicious® Dairy Free Original Coconut Milk
1/2 packet stevia powder
Chocolate Truffle:
1 1/2 cups ground raw almonds
1/2 cup cacao powder
1/4 cup chocolate protein powder
1/4 teaspoon sea salt
12 pitted dates, chopped
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
4 tablespoons coconut oil (melted if solid)
Topping:
1 1/2 cups finely shredded unsweetened coconut, for rolling truffles

Directions:
Coconut filling: Blend coconut, coconut milk, vanilla, and sweetener together. Refrigerate for about 10 minutes. Form chilled mixture into balls (about 1/2 teaspoon mixture each). Balls should be about the size of a small marble. Refrigerate or freeze coconut balls until ready to be wrapped in the chocolate truffle mixture.
Chocolate truffles: Process nuts to a coarse crumb texture in a food processor. Add the cacao powder, protein powder, and salt; pulse until combined.  Add vanilla and half of the dates; pulse until combined. Add remaining dates and coconut oil. Pulse until the mixture is well blended and sticks together when pressed between your fingers. Divide into 36 balls, about 1 teaspoon each (form the same number as the coconut balls).
Flatten the chocolate balls so they can be molded around the coconut balls. Sprinkle coconut on a plate or in a bowl. Roll balls in coconut and place on a rimmed cookie sheet or shallow container in a single layer. Refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes. After truffles have set, enjoy immediately or store in an airtight container in the refrigerator or freezer. They will keep longer in the freezer (up to a month), or 2 weeks in the refrigerator. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Sarah S.
Description: 
As a kid I loved those snowball cakes, the chocolate cake ones with a creamy filling covered in marshmallow and coconut! These snowball truffles are a healthier version using the flavors I especially love--the chocolate and coconut! They make a delicious holiday treat!
Categories:
Desserts
Candy
Chocolate Candy

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
36
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
113 calories
9.6
g fat
6
g carbohydrates
2.9
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
22
mg sodium.
