URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236047/banana-chocolate-and-walnut-donuts/
Title:
Banana, Chocolate and Walnut Donuts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1086957.jpg
Ingredients:
2/3 cup So Delicious® Dairy Free Original Coconut Milk
2 teaspoons vinegar
1 cup mashed fully ripe bananas
1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract
3/4 cup all-purpose flour
3/4 cup whole wheat pastry flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 cup fine ground organic evaporated cane sugar
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg
1/3 cup coconut oil, melted
Chocolate Glaze:
1/2 cup confectioners' sugar
2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder
5 teaspoons So Delicious® Dairy Free Original Coconut Milk
1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
Toppings:
Toasted walnuts
chocolate sprinkles or shaved chocolate

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C); place rack in middle of oven. Lightly oil two doughnut pans.
Combine coconut milk and vinegar in bowl; set aside. (Mixture will appear clumpy like buttermilk.)
Stir together the bananas and vanilla in a separate bowl.
Sift together the white and wheat flours, baking soda, sea salt, baking powder, sugar, cinnamon and nutmeg into a large bowl. Whisk dry ingredients again in the bowl.
Pour coconut milk mixture into banana mixture; combine thoroughly. Add coconut oil and mix again. Add wet mixture to dry ingredients. Mix just until combined; do not over mix.
Quickly portion batter into doughnut pans; try to keep the surface level.
Bake 26 minutes.
Let doughnuts cool in the pan for 5 minutes on a wire rack. Then carefully remove them by flipping them out of the pans onto the rack; cool completely before glazing.
For glaze, sift confectioners' sugar and cocoa into a small bowl. Stir in milk and vanilla for a thick but easy to drizzle consistency.
Hold doughnut over the glaze, and with a spoon drizzle glaze back and forth over the surface. Sprinkle with toppings after each doughnut is glazed so toppings will stick.

Submitter: 
Diana B.
Description: 
Chunky Monkey was my favorite Ben & Jerry's ice cream flavor. I loved the creaminess of the banana ice cream and the surprise and bite of nuts and chocolate. Here's my version of that ice cream reinvented as a doughnut with mashed bananas, chocolate glaze, toasted walnuts, and shaved chocolate. Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
46 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
187 calories
8.9
g fat
25.8
g carbohydrates
2.4
g protein
< 1
mg cholesterol
168
mg sodium.
