URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/23626/chicken-with-a-bang/
Title:
Chicken With A Bang Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1 ½ cups uncooked white rice
6  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
2  fresh jalapeno peppers, sliced into rings
1 ½ cups shredded Cheddar cheese
12 slices bacon
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
½ cup all-purpose flour
½ cup white wine
36  blue corn tortilla chips
1  red bell pepper, diced
1 cup whole kernel corn

Directions:
In a saucepan bring 3 cups water to a boil.  Add rice and stir.  Reduce heat, cover and simmer for 20 minutes.
Using a rolling pin wrapped in plastic, pound out chicken breasts to about 1/2 inch in thickness.  In the center of the breast place 2 or 3 slices of jalapeno and 3 tablespoons of cheese.  Roll chicken up from the narrowest point to the widest.  Wrap with 2 slices of bacon and secure with toothpicks.
Heat oil and black pepper in a deep skillet over medium high heat.  Cook chicken wraps until they begin to brown.  Reduce heat, cover and cook an additional 10 to 15 minutes, checking periodically, until chicken is no longer pink inside.  Remove chicken from heat, cover and set aside.
Return skillet to medium high heat.  To the drippings add flour, stirring to remove any lumps.  Slowly add wine, stirring constantly until sauce thickens.  Remove from heat.
In a small bowl combine red bell pepper and corn.
Place a medium sized mound of rice in the center of a plate.  Tuck a few blue corn chips along the edge of the rice.  Place chicken on rice, spoon sauce over chicken and sprinkle with 3 tablespoons of red pepper and corn mixture.

Submitter: 
Sophie
Description: 
A colorful, savory winter dish that presents beautifully for family or guests. (For the faint of heart or stomach, it can be prepared with less 'bang.')
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
16 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.13
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
50 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
973 calories
43.6
g fat
62.2
g carbohydrates
75
g protein
205
mg cholesterol
849
mg sodium.
