URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236287/lovely-lisas-sweet-and-salty-caramel-popcorn/
Title:
Lovely Lisa's Sweet and Salty Caramel Popcorn Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1100387.jpg
Ingredients:
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 tablespoon vegetable oil, or as needed
1 cup unpopped popcorn
1 cup chopped strawberry licorice twists (such as Twizzlers®)
2 cups broken small pretzels
2 1/2 cups brown sugar
2 cups butter
1 cup light corn syrup
1 teaspoon cream of tartar
sea salt to taste

Directions:
Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper. Measure baking soda and vanilla extract into separate small bowls; set aside.
Heat vegetable oil in a large saucepan; add popcorn, cover, and cook, shaking often, until fully popped, about 5 minutes. Transfer popcorn to a large roasting pan using a strainer or your hands, leaving unpopped kernels in the saucepan. Distribute chopped licorice and broken pretzels evenly over popcorn.
Bring the brown sugar, butter, corn syrup, and cream of tartar to a boil in a heavy pot, stirring constantly. Place a candy thermometer into the caramel mixture, and continue boiling, stirring constantly, until mixture reaches 265 degrees F (129 degrees C), about 10 minutes.
Remove caramel from heat. Stir vanilla and baking soda into the caramel; it will foam and rise slightly. Pour hot caramel over popcorn mixture, stirring gently to coat evenly. Spread the popcorn mixture loosely onto the prepared baking sheets. Season to taste with sea salt; set aside to cool, about 20 minutes.
Break popcorn mixture into chunks. Store in airtight bags or containers.

Submitter: 
Lisa Marie
Description: 
Anyone that has been to the movie theatre with me has tasted popcorn and red licorice together and has appreciated the flavours as much as I have! I am definitely a candy novice, but this recipe is so easy and the results are fantastic! My guy and I have worked together to perfect this recipe and have given it for gifts to all our friends and family this year! Enjoy!
Categories:
Desserts
Candy
Popcorn Candy

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.25
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
32
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
266 calories
12.5
g fat
38.8
g carbohydrates
1.6
g protein
31
mg cholesterol
249
mg sodium.
