URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236239/dakdoritang-korean-spicy-chicken-stew/
Title:
Dakdoritang (Korean Spicy Chicken Stew) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/2855532.jpg
Ingredients:
1 ½ cups water
¼ cup soy sauce
2 tablespoons rice wine
2 tablespoons Korean red chili pepper paste (gochujang)
2 tablespoons Korean red chili pepper flakes (gochugaru)
1 tablespoon honey
1 tablespoon white sugar
1 pinch ground black pepper
3 pounds bone-in chicken pieces, trimmed of fat and cut into small pieces
10 ounces potatoes, cut into large chunks
2  carrots, cut into large chunks
½ large onion, cut into large chunks
4 large garlic cloves, or more to taste
2 slices fresh ginger, or more to taste
2  scallions, cut into 2-inch lengths
1 tablespoon sesame oil
1 teaspoon sesame seeds

Directions:
Stir water, soy sauce, rice wine, red chili pepper paste, red chili pepper flakes, honey, sugar, and black pepper together in a large pot; add chicken and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium, place a lid on the pot, and cook at a simmer until the chicken is browned, about 15 minutes.
Stir potatoes, carrots, onion, garlic, and ginger into the chicken mixture; replace cover atop the pot and cook, stirring occasionally, until the potatoes are tender, about 15 minutes. Remove cover and cook until the chicken is tender and the liquid has thickened slightly, about 10 minutes more. An instant-read thermometer inserted into a piece of chicken near the bone should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Stir scallions, sesame oil, and sesame seeds into the stew and remove pot from heat.

Submitter: 
Jason Lamar
Description: 
'Dakdoritang' is a chicken dish that's cooked in a spicy red sauce along with vegetables such as potatoes, carrots, and onions. It's also called 'dakbokkeumtang' or 'dakmaeuntang.' It's usually made by cutting up a whole chicken into small pieces, but I use a combination of chicken thighs and wings. The result is succulent pieces of chicken packed with spicy and savory flavors!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
11 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.55
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 5 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
896 calories
69.1
g fat
36.1
g carbohydrates
33.4
g protein
121
mg cholesterol
1111
mg sodium.
