URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236298/viryta-lithuanian-honey-liqueur/
Title:
Viryta (Lithuanian Honey Liqueur) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5611548.jpg
Ingredients:
1 lemon
1 orange
1 pound honey
3 1/2 cups bottled water
3 cups white sugar
3 tablespoons caraway seeds
25 whole cloves
1 tablespoon vanilla extract
4 teaspoons ground cinnamon
2 teaspoons ground nutmeg
2 pints 190 proof grain alcohol

Directions:
Peel orange and lemon in a circular motion in a large strip. Place peels in a warm, dry area to dry for 24 hours.
Stir honey, 1 cup water, sugar, caraway seeds, cloves, vanilla extract, cinnamon, and ground nutmeg together in a large pot; bring to a rolling boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer for 45 minutes. Add dried orange and lemon peels to honey mixture; continue to simmer for 15 minutes.
Remove from heat; discard fruit peels. Stir grain alcohol and remaining 2 1/2 cups water into honey mixture. Transfer mixture to a glass container and tightly cover with a lid. Place in a cool location out of direct sunlight and let set, gently swirling container every few days, for 1 week.
Strain mixture through double-layered cheesecloth to remove sediment. Pour liqueur into bottles or decanters and seal.

Submitter: 
FoodJunkie
Description: 
This is a sweet, very potent beverage that can be found at Lithuanian festivals and Lithuanian social clubs in Baltimore. They usually pronounce it 'VIT-a-tis'. Viryta is usually homemade by descendants of Lithuanian immigrants, using recipes that have been handed down through the generations, and is a popular commodity around the holidays. It took me years to finally get someone to teach me how to make it; most of the people around Baltimore who make it are very secretive about their family recipes! I'd probably catch an earful if she knew I posted it online!
Categories:
Drinks
Liqueurs

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
8 d 1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
36
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
187 calories
0.2
g fat
28.1
g carbohydrates
0.2
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
3
mg sodium.
