URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236337/country-style-chicken-sausage-eggs-benedict/
Title:
Country Style Chicken Sausage Eggs Benedict Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4513583.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (7 ounce) package al fresco® Country Style Chicken Patties
4 large eggs
1 cup plain lowfat yogurt
2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice
1/4 teaspoon salt, divided
1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard
1/8 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/4 teaspoon dill or parsley, finely chopped (optional)
1 tablespoon water
1 medium fresh tomato, thinly sliced
1/2 avocado, pitted, thinly sliced
3/4 cup fresh baby spinach
4 healthy whole wheat English muffins, sliced and toasted
Extra virgin olive oil cooking spray

Directions:
Separate the eggs, place the egg whites in a small mixing bowl, and the egg yolks into the top of a double boiler.
Use a double boiler to make the hollandaise. Add the yogurt, lemon juice to the egg yolks, beat well.
Place over simmering water, stirring frequently until sauce has thickened, approximately 15 minutes, (sauce will thin after 10 minutes and then thicken again).
Remove from heat and stir in 1/2 of the salt, mustard, pepper and dill/parsley (optional). Set aside.
Place a non-stick skillet over medium-low heat coated with cooking spray. Heat patties for 2 1/2 minutes, turn over and add 1 tbsp of water. Cover, heat for an additional 2 1/2 minutes.
Combine the egg whites, water and remaining salt, whisk until slightly frothy.
Heat a medium skillet over medium to low heat, well coated with the cooking spray. Pour in the egg whites. As eggs begin to set, using a spatula, lift the edges while tilting the skillet to allow the uncooked egg whites to run to the sides of the pan. Cover to finish cooking. Cut into 4 servings.
To assemble the sandwich, layer each English muffin bottom with the spinach and top with tomato, chicken patty, cooked egg white, avocado, and top with the Hollandaise followed by the muffin top. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
al fresco
Description: 
Eggs Benedict made with chicken sausage, whole wheat English muffins, and Hollandaise sauce is a hearty way to start the day.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
384 calories
16.7
g fat
37
g carbohydrates
24.5
g protein
182
mg cholesterol
864
mg sodium.
