URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236380/greek-yogurt-cheesecake/
Title:
Greek Yogurt Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Crust:
2 cups chopped almonds
1/4 cup coconut oil, melted
5 dried figs
1 teaspoon sea salt
Cheesecake:
2 lemons, juiced
2 teaspoons unflavored gelatin
2 cups Greek yogurt
1 (15 ounce) can cream of coconut
2/3 cup honey
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 vanilla bean
Berry Topping:
2 cups frozen blueberries
1 lemon, zested and juiced
1 tablespoon honey
1 tablespoon arrowroot powder

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Spread almonds onto a baking sheet.
Bake almonds in the preheated oven until roasted and fragrant, 10 to 15 minutes.
Combine almonds, coconut oil, figs, and sea salt in a food processor; pulse until well combined. Press almond mixture into the bottom of a 9-inch springform pan; refrigerate until cooled, at least 30 minutes.
Heat juice from 2 lemons and gelatin in the top of a double boiler over simmering water until gelatin is dissolved, about 5 minutes.
Process yogurt, cream of coconut, 2/3 cup honey, vanilla extract, salt, and vanilla bean together in a food processor until well combined, about 1 minute. Drizzle gelatin mixture through the feeding tube of the food processor while it is still running and process until incorporated, about 30 seconds. Pour yogurt mixture over the cooled crust; cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate, 8 hours to overnight.
Heat blueberries, zest and juice from 1 lemon, 1 tablespoon honey, and arrowroot powder together in a small saucepan over medium heat until thickened, 5 to 10 minutes. Pour mixture into a blender and blend until smooth. Pour topping over chilled cheesecake.

Submitter: 
loriallred
Description: 
This is a no-bake Greek yogurt cheesecake. Use any variety of berry for the topping. You can also refrigerate the berry topping for 1 hour before serving so the sauce can 'set'. The sauce keeps for 1 week in the refrigerator or can be frozen.
Categories:
Desserts
Cakes
Cheesecake

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
9 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
calories
fat
carbohydrates
protein
cholesterol
sodium.
