URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236411/indian-style-chicken-and-onions/
Title:
Indian-Style Chicken and Onions Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/3780485.jpg
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons water
6 cloves garlic
2  serrano chile peppers, stemmed
1 (2 inch) piece fresh ginger, peeled and thinly sliced
¼ cup ghee (clarified butter)
2 pounds chicken drumsticks
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 large white onion, sliced
1 tablespoon dried fenugreek leaves
2 teaspoons ground coriander
1 teaspoon garam masala
½ teaspoon ground turmeric
3  plum tomatoes, grated
¾ cup milk
½ cup heavy whipping cream
⅓ cup finely chopped fresh cilantro

Directions:
Puree water, garlic, serrano chile peppers, and ginger together in a blender or food processor until smooth.
Heat ghee in a 6-quart saucepan over medium heat. Season chicken with salt and pepper. Cook chicken in hot ghee until browned, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer chicken to a plate.
Cook and stir garlic puree in the 6-quart saucepan until golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Add onion; cook and stir until golden, 5 to 7 minutes. Add fenugreek, coriander, garam masala, and turmeric to onion mixture; cook and stir until fragrant, about 1 minute.
Stir tomatoes into onion mixture; cook and stir until tomatoes are lightly browned, 4 to 6 minutes. Add chicken, milk, and cream; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium, cover saucepan, and cook until chicken is no longer pink in the center and tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer chicken to a serving platter using a slotted spoon. Continue cooking sauce until slightly reduced, 5 to 7 more minutes. Stir cilantro into sauce and pour over chicken.

Submitter: 
phosmane
Description: 
Amazing Indian recipe that is simple, tasty, and full of flavor. This was the first Indian meal I made, and it has stuck around since all of my friends and family love it! Add more or less chiles depending on your spice preference.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
10 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
620 calories
42.4
g fat
14.1
g carbohydrates
45.6
g protein
216
mg cholesterol
218
mg sodium.
