URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236498/saltado-de-vainitas-peruvian-green-beans-with-chicken/
Title:
Saltado de Vainitas (Peruvian Green Beans with Chicken) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/1769824.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon canola oil, divided
3 cloves garlic, minced
2  chile peppers, seeded and diced
1 ¼ pounds chicken, cut into 1-inch cubes
6 tablespoons soy sauce, divided
1 tablespoon ground cumin, divided
1  red onion, halved and sliced
4  roma (plum) tomatoes, cut into eighths
2 (12 ounce) packages frozen French-style green beans, thawed
3 tablespoons white wine vinegar
salt to taste
1 cup chopped cilantro

Directions:
Heat half the canola oil in a wok or large skillet over medium-high heat. Saute garlic and chile peppers in hot oil until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add chicken to the wok. Stir half the soy sauce and half the cumin into the chicken mixture; cook just until the chicken is no longer pink in the middle, 5 to 7 minutes. Transfer mixture to a bowl, retaining some of the drippings in the skillet and return to heat.
Heat remaining oil in the skillet with the retained drippings. Stir onion with the remaining soy sauce and cumin into the oil mixture; cook and stir until the onion is transparent, about 5 minutes. Add tomatoes to the onion mixture; cook and stir until the tomatoes begin to soften, about 1 minute.
Return chicken mixture to the wok; add green beans and vinegar. Cook and stir the mixture until the green beans are tender, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and sprinkle cilantro over the mixture; toss to mix.

Submitter: 
ADRI122
Description: 
I put this recipe together to try and duplicate a favorite dish from a restaurant I love. It's delicious and can be made fairly healthy with white meat chicken and not too much oil! Serve over white rice and enjoy!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
7 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.14
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
40 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
189 calories
4.7
g fat
14.4
g carbohydrates
22.1
g protein
49
mg cholesterol
952
mg sodium.
