URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236511/family-ties-chipotle-deviled-eggs-and-bacon/
Title:
Family Ties Chipotle Deviled Eggs and Bacon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1119473.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cups water
7 dried chipotle chiles, stemmed and seeded
1/3 cup sliced onion
5 tablespoons cider vinegar
1/4 cup ketchup
2 garlic cloves, crushed
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup heavy whipping cream (optional)
12 eggs
4 thick slices maple-cured bacon, cut into 1-inch pieces
1/2 cup mayonnaise
2 tablespoons shredded Cheddar cheese

Directions:
Place water, chiles, onion, vinegar, ketchup, garlic, and salt in a saucepan; bring to a simmer, and cook, stirring occasionally, until reduced and very thick, about 1 hour.
Pour chile mixture into a blender no more than half full. Cover and hold lid down; pulse a few times before leaving on to blend until smooth. Stir cream into chipotle sauce; refrigerate until ready to use.
Place eggs in a saucepan; cover with water. Bring to a boil, remove from heat, and let eggs stand in hot water for 15 minutes. Remove eggs from hot water, cool under cold running water, and peel.
Place bacon in a large skillet; cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain bacon on paper towels. Crumble half the bacon; reserve remaining bacon for garnish.
Cut each egg in half lengthwise; place egg yolks into a bowl. Mash egg yolks with a fork; stir in mayonnaise, crumbled bacon, and Cheddar cheese. Stir 1 tablespoon chipotle sauce into yolk mixture, or more to taste.
Place egg whites cut-side up on a serving plate. Spoon yolk mixture into egg white halves. Sprinkle remaining bacon over filling; drizzle with chipotle sauce.

Submitter: 
bmlyall
Description: 
Deviled eggs with a south-of-the-border kick and a sweet touch.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Deviled Eggs
Bacon Deviled Eggs

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
96 calories
8.2
g fat
1.4
g carbohydrates
4.3
g protein
101
mg cholesterol
168
mg sodium.
