URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236538/roast-pork-in-asian-brown-sauce/
Title:
Roast Pork in Asian Brown Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/1659877.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons ginger powder
2 tablespoons garlic powder
2 tablespoons onion powder
2 tablespoons ground white pepper
1 tablespoon salt
1 (3 pound) pork shoulder
1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, or as needed
1 tablespoon butter
2 tablespoons rice vinegar
2 tablespoons oyster sauce
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
16 fluid ounces chicken stock, divided
2 tablespoons cornstarch
1 tablespoon white sugar
1 teaspoon Asian chile paste
3  scallions, finely chopped

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Whisk ginger powder, garlic powder, onion powder, white pepper, and salt together in a bowl until dry rub is evenly mixed. Measure 1 tablespoon dry rub and set aside.
Generously apply remaining dry rub to pork shoulder.
Heat olive oil and butter together in a heavy cast-iron skillet over medium-high heat. Cook pork shoulder in hot butter-oil mixture until browned on all sides, 1 to 2 minutes per side.
Place skillet and pork shoulder in the preheated oven and cook until pork is cooked through, 1 to 2 hours. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). Transfer pork shoulder to a serving platter.
Pour vinegar into the skillet and bring to a boil while scraping the browned bits of food off of the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon until liquid is evaporated, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the reserved 1 tablespoon dry rub, oyster sauce, and Worcestershire sauce to skillet; bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer; stir in 1 cup chicken stock and simmer.
Whisk remaining 1 cup chicken stock and cornstarch together in a bowl until smooth; stir into simmering chicken stock mixture until sauce is thickened, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir sugar and chile paste into sauce and simmer until sugar is dissolved, about 1 minute. Pour sauce over roast and garnish with scallions.

Submitter: 
Buon Appetito
Description: 
I had a wonderful dish like this in a Chinese restaurant. I can't say I know their recipe but I am pretty close. This is my take on it.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
5 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.2
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 35 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
386 calories
26
g fat
13.3
g carbohydrates
24.6
g protein
95
mg cholesterol
1548
mg sodium.
