URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236686/spicy-grilled-stuffed-chicken-breast-sandwich/
Title:
Spicy Grilled Stuffed Chicken Breast Sandwich Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/4457268.jpg
Ingredients:
4  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
8 thin slices Monterey Jack cheese
1  avocado - peeled, pitted, and sliced
1  jalapeno pepper, seeded and sliced
¼ cup olive oil
½  lime, juiced
1 tablespoon spicy mesquite-flavored seasoning
1 pinch sea salt
1 cup chipotle barbeque sauce
4  Kaiser rolls, split

Directions:
Slice a small pocket into each chicken breast with a sharp knife. Layer cheese slices, avocado slices, and sliced jalapeno inside the chicken pockets. Pinch chicken breasts closed and secure with toothpicks or skewers; place chicken into a casserole dish.
Whisk olive oil, lime juice, mesquite seasoning, and salt together in a bowl; drizzle half of the mixture over chicken breasts. Turn chicken breasts over and drizzle with remaining olive oil mixture; cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes.
Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat, and lightly oil the grate.
Place chicken breasts on preheated grill and cook for 7 minutes; turn chicken over and brush with BBQ sauce on the cooked side. Continue grilling for about 5 minutes; turn chicken over and apply BBQ sauce to the second cooked side. Cook chicken until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 2 minutes more. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Serve each chicken breast on a Kaiser roll.

Submitter: 
torgie39
Description: 
Chicken breast stuffed with slices of avocado, jalapeno pepper, and Monterey Jack cheese, served on a bun with toppings of your choice. I like mayo and tomato.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
4 Ratings
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 5 mins
Number of servings: 
30 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
649 calories
34.2
g fat
50.1
g carbohydrates
35.7
g protein
90
mg cholesterol
1897
mg sodium.
