URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236689/roasted-corn-chowder/
Title:
Roasted Corn Chowder Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4480958.jpg
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons butter, divided
3 cups fresh white corn kernels
1 teaspoon dried tarragon
1 pound bacon
1 large onion, chopped
3 cups chicken stock, or as needed
6 potatoes, diced
1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley
4 cloves garlic, chopped
1 teaspoon dried celery flakes
1/2 teaspoon paprika
1/2 cup half-and-half
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1/4 cup shredded Cheddar cheese, or as needed (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Melt 1 tablespoon butter in an oven-proof skillet over medium heat; stir in corn and tarragon and cook, stirring occasionally, until corn begins to brown, about 5 minutes.
Place skillet with corn in the preheated oven; roast, stirring every 5 minutes, until lightly browned but not dry, about 20 minutes.
Place bacon in a Dutch oven over medium-high heat; cook, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Remove bacon slices; drain on paper towels. Pour off all but 1 tablespoon bacon fat.
Heat reserved bacon fat in Dutch oven over medium heat; stir in onion. Cook and stir until onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low, and continue to cook and stir until the onion is very tender and dark brown, about 15 minutes.
Pour chicken stock over caramelized onions; stir, scraping the bottom of the pot to dissolve any browned bits, and bring to a boil. Stir potatoes, parsley, garlic, celery, and paprika into onion mixture. Crumble bacon, reserving about 1/4 cup for garnish, and stir bacon into soup. Reduce heat to low; simmer until potatoes are tender, about 30 minutes.
Stir remaining 2 tablespoons butter and half-and-half into soup; season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle reserved bacon and Cheddar cheese over soup to serve.

Submitter: 
Will Bullock
Description: 
Roasted fresh corn and potato chowder is hard to beat on a chilly day! For a twist, add just a few ounces of smoked salmon and have an incredible British Columbia-inspired smoked salmon corn chowder. Had this in a little cafe on a dock in Vancouver, BC while waiting for a sea plane to take me to the outer west coast of Vancouver Island for a late season salmon fishing trip. I spent several years playing around with it to recreate it. Don't know if I matched theirs exactly, but I have come up with this basic roasted corn chowder recipe that turns into a great smoked salmon chowder, too.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Chowders
Corn Chowder

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 55 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
362 calories
16.1
g fat
43
g carbohydrates
14
g protein
42
mg cholesterol
790
mg sodium.
