URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236758/hummus-pancake-with-mediterranean-spice-mix/
Title:
Hummus Pancake with Mediterranean Spice Mix Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/2172158.jpg
Ingredients:
2 teaspoons ground cumin, divided
1 teaspoon paprika
1 teaspoon chili powder
1 teaspoon ground coriander
2 cups canned chickpeas (garbanzo beans), drained with liquid reserved
1/2 cup tahini
1 egg
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 lemon, juiced
1 tablespoon minced garlic
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1/2 cup whole wheat flour, or as needed
1 tablespoon olive oil, divided, or as needed

Directions:
Place a large skillet or griddle over medium-high heat. Preheat oven to 200 degrees F (95 degrees C).
Combine 1 teaspoon cumin, paprika, chili powder, and coriander together in a small bowl.
Blend chickpeas, tahini, egg, 2 tablespoons olive oil, lemon juice, garlic, remaining 1 teaspoon cumin, salt, and pepper together in a food processor or blender, adding liquid from canned chickpeas if needed, until very smooth. Transfer chickpeas mixture to a bowl; fold in whole wheat flour, about 1 tablespoon at a time, until batter drops easily from a large spoon.
Drop a little water onto the skillet; if it dances on the surface, the skillet is ready. Add about 1 teaspoon olive oil to skillet. Drop batter by large spoonfuls onto the griddle, forming 3- to 4-inch circles, and cook until bubbles form and the edges are dry, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip and cook until browned on the other side, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer cooked pancakes to a baking sheet and keep warm in the preheated oven. Repeat with remaining batter, greasing pan as needed with remaining olive oil.
Sprinkle pancakes with cumin mixture and salt.

Submitter: 
MTCHYG
Description: 
These pancakes taste a lot like falafel but smoother!
Categories:
Everyday Cooking

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
calories
fat
carbohydrates
protein
cholesterol
sodium.
