URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236736/grilled-turkey-asparagus-pesto-paninis/
Title:
Grilled Turkey Asparagus Pesto Paninis Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1527448.jpg
Ingredients:
Pesto:
2 cups chopped fresh basil
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil
2 garlic cloves
coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
1/4 cup pine nuts
Panini:
8 fresh asparagus spears, trimmed, or more to taste
2 tablespoons butter, softened
4 slices soft oatmeal bread (such as Pepperidge Farm®)
4 slices provolone cheese
1/4 pound sliced deli turkey meat

Directions:
Blend basil, Parmesan cheese, olive oil, garlic, salt, and pepper in a food processor or blender until smooth, scraping down sides as needed. Add pine nuts and pulse just until pine nuts are chopped, but still visible.
Preheat grill for medium-low heat and lightly oil the grate.
Cook asparagus on the preheated grill directly on the grate or on a grill pan until tender, 5 to 10 minutes.
Spread 1 1/2 teaspoons butter onto 1 side of each bread slice. Spread desired amount of pesto onto the opposite side of each bread slice. Layer provolone cheese and turkey on the pesto-side of 2 bread slices; top with a second bread slice, pesto-side down.
Place sandwiches directly on the grill and cook until golden brown and cheese is melted, about 6 minutes per side. Remove from grill and cut each sandwich in half.

Submitter: 
bjean
Description: 
These are fast, yet tasty sandwiches and are best on the grill! The oatmeal bread really gives these paninis great flavor, but you could use another type of hearty bread as well. My husband and I love them in the summer when the asparagus and basil are in season. Serve with a side of coleslaw for a satisfying crunchy side dish.
Categories:
Main Dish
Sandwiches
Turkey

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
961 calories
72.7
g fat
37.2
g carbohydrates
43.1
g protein
110
mg cholesterol
1878
mg sodium.
