URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236705/chicken-a-la-pizza/
Title:
Chicken a la Pizza Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F3920635.jpg
Ingredients:
2 (8 ounce) boneless, skinless chicken breasts
2 cloves garlic, peeled and crushed
4 small sprigs fresh rosemary, stemmed and roughly chopped
2 tablespoons sherry vinegar or white wine vinegar
2 tablespoons Mazola(<sup>&reg;</sup>) Corn Oil
¼ teaspoon salt
Freshly ground black pepper
½  red bell pepper, seeded and sliced
½  green bell pepper, seeded and sliced
½  yellow onion, thinly sliced
1 cup crushed tomatoes with oregano, basil, garlic
2 tablespoons capers
½ cup shredded reduced-fat mozzarella cheese
2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley

Directions:
Place 1 chicken breast between two pieces of plastic wrap on a cutting board. Pound chicken with a flat meat mallet or rolling pin until the chicken is 1/2-inch thick. Cut the pounded breast in half and repeat with the other piece of chicken. You will end up with 4 pieces of chicken.
Place the chicken, garlic, rosemary, sherry vinegar, oil, salt and pepper in a large resealable bag. Seal and place in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes and up to 4 hours.
Preheat grill pan or large skillet to medium hot.
Remove the chicken from the marinade and drain; discard any remaining marinade.
Cook the chicken for about 3 to 4 minutes on one side.
Mediterranean Topping Option: While the chicken cooks, grill the peppers and onions on the same grill pan or in a skillet sprayed with cooking spray for 2 to 3 minutes.
Flip the chicken and top each piece with an equal amount of crushed tomatoes, grilled peppers and onions, capers, cheese and parsley. Cook for an additional 3 to 4 minutes until chicken is cooked through and cheese is starting to melt. Serve immediately.
*Hawaiian Topping Option (see ingredients below): While the chicken cooks, grill the pineapple and onions on the same grill pan or in a skillet sprayed with cooking spray for 2 to 3 minutes. Flip the chicken and top each piece with an equal amount of crushed tomatoes, grilled pineapple and onions, black olives, cheese and parsley. Cook for an additional 3 to 4 minutes until chicken is cooked through and cheese is starting to melt. Serve immediately.
**Mexican Topping Option (see ingredients below): While the chicken cooks, grill the jalapeno peppers on the same grill pan or in a skillet sprayed with cooking spray for 2 to 3 minutes. Flip the chicken and top each piece with an equal amount of crushed tomatoes, grilled jalapeno peppers, scallions, cheese, cilantro and oregano. Cook for an additional 3 to 4 minutes until chicken is cooked through and cheese is starting to melt. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Mazola
Description: 
Many of your favorite pizza flavors served on top of marinated and grilled chicken breasts.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
13 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.46
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
53 mins
Number of servings: 
30 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
261 calories
12.4
g fat
7.8
g carbohydrates
28.2
g protein
74
mg cholesterol
550
mg sodium.
