URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236754/saskatoon-berry-pie-filling/
Title:
Saskatoon Berry Pie Filling Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4545797.jpg
Ingredients:
4 cups water
3/4 cup lemon juice
12 cups fresh serviceberries
3 cups white sugar
1 cup cornstarch

Directions:
Bring water and lemon juice to a boil in a large pot; stir in serviceberries. Return mixture to a boil.
Whisk sugar and cornstarch together in a bowl. Stir sugar mixture into berries; cook, stirring constantly, until sauce is clear, about 3 minutes.
Sterilize jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Pack pie filling into hot, sterilized jars, filling to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a knife or thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars into the boiling water using a holder. Leave a 2-inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary to bring the water level to at least 1 inch above tops of jars. Bring the water to a rolling boil, cover the pot, and process for 10 minutes.
Remove jars from stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Once cool, press top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
Jodie Elliott Scutchings
Description: 
This is a great pie filling, or you can use it as a sauce over cheesecake, white cake, or soda cracker dessert. Filling is ready to be used right away or can be canned for later use.
Categories:
Desserts
Fillings
Fruit Fillings

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
2 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
160 calories
0.2
g fat
41
g carbohydrates
0.6
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
2
mg sodium.
