URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/236788/italian-cheesesteak-sandwich/
Title:
Italian Cheesesteak Sandwich Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1107745.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon butter
1 medium onion, thinly sliced
1 cup sliced fresh mushrooms
1 green bell pepper, thinly sliced
1 pinch salt
1 clove garlic, minced
1/2 pound very thinly sliced or shaved steak
1 (24 ounce) jar RAGÚ® Old World Style® Traditional Sauce
1 teaspoon dried Italian seasoning
1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes
4 Italian bread rolls
1 clove garlic
1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil
1/3 pound provolone or fresh mozzarella cheese, sliced
1/2 cup fresh basil leaves, torn

Directions:
Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onions, mushrooms, green peppers, and pinch of salt. Saute until vegetables begin to soften, 2 to 3 minutes; add minced garlic and cook another minute.
Push vegetables to one side of skillet. Add the sliced meat to the open area and saute until no longer pink, 2 to 3 minutes.
In a separate saucepan, heat Ragu(R) Old World Style(R) Traditional Sauce, Italian seasoning, and crushed red pepper over medium heat.
Set oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler.
Slice rolls lengthwise and place, opened, on a baking sheet. Toast for 30 seconds under a broiler on low heat, watching them carefully so they don't burn; remove from oven. Rub toasted sides of rolls with cut side of whole garlic clove; brush lightly with olive oil.
Fold cheese slices into meat and onion/pepper mix and stir until cheese begins to melt; distribute among the toasted roll bottoms. Top with a generous spoonful of Ragu(R) sauce; save the rest for dipping if desired.
Sprinkle with fresh basil. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
RAGÚ®
Description: 
These cheesesteak sandwiches get an Italian twist with the addition of Ragu® Old World Style® Traditional Sauce, Italian seasoning, and fresh basil.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
Ragu&#174;

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
608 calories
28.5
g fat
57.7
g carbohydrates
29.7
g protein
64
mg cholesterol
1450
mg sodium.
