URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/237060/vegetarian-stout-french-onion-soup/
Title:
Vegetarian Stout French Onion Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1120533.jpg
Ingredients:
2 portobello mushroom caps, cubed
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon olive oil
2 potatoes, cubed
2 carrots, sliced
1 onion, sliced
3 cloves garlic, minced
4 sprigs fresh rosemary
20 fluid ounces stout beer
1 1/2 cups vegetable broth
1/2 (6 ounce) can tomato paste
2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 1/2 teaspoons cold water
1 1/2 teaspoons cornstarch
4 slices French bread
1/2 cup shredded Swiss cheese

Directions:
Toss mushrooms and flour together in a bowl until coated.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat; cook and stir coated mushrooms until browned, 5 to 10 minutes.
Combine potatoes, carrots, onion, garlic, and rosemary in a large stockpot; top with cooked mushrooms. Stir beer, vegetable broth, tomato paste, Worcestershire sauce, salt, and pepper into vegetable mixture. Cover stockpot and cook over medium-high heat until vegetables are tender and soup flavors have blended, about 1 hour.
Whisk water and cornstarch together in a bowl until dissolved; stir into soup until thickened, about 3 minutes.
Set oven rack about 5 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler.
Arrange bread slices on a baking sheet and sprinkle Swiss cheese over each slice.
Broil bread in the preheated oven until cheese is melted and golden, about 1 minute.
Ladle soup into bowls using a slotted ladle; top each with a bread slice. Ladle broth over bread until saturated.

Submitter: 
Matthieu Duquette
Description: 
I love Irish stout stew and French onion soup. Plus my wife is a vegetarian. So I came up with this infusion that is, in my opinion, amazing! Portobello mushrooms replace cubed beef, and it is all topped off with a Swiss cheese-crusted slice of artisan bread, French onion-soup style. Serve with a frosty stout and enjoy! Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Vegetable Soup
Onion Soup
French Onion Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
399 calories
8.4
g fat
60.4
g carbohydrates
13.8
g protein
12
mg cholesterol
1195
mg sodium.
