URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/237009/buffalo-chicken-tacos-from-mission/
Title:
Buffalo Chicken Tacos from Mission&reg; Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
8  Mission® Soft Taco Flour Tortillas
1 cup Mission® Guacamole Flavored Dip
1 pound skinless boneless chicken breasts
3 tablespoons cayenne pepper hot sauce
Non-stick cooking spray to coat
1  green bell pepper, cut into thin strips
½  red onion, cut into thin strips
½ cup cilantro leaves
12  baby carrots, rinsed
12  celery sticks
1 cup prepared blue cheese dressing

Directions:
Pre-heat charcoal or indoor grill to medium-high heat.
Place cleaned chicken breasts into a gallon-size zipper storage bag, add hot sauce and toss; close and refrigerate for 30 minutes.
After 30 minutes remove chicken from refrigerator. Spray each side of the marinated chicken with non-stick cooking spray; place on pre-heated grill and cook for 8 minutes per side or until cooked through. Place cooked chicken onto your work surface and allow to cool for a few minutes. Slice each chicken breast into thin strips cutting across the breast.
Warm Mission® Tortillas. Evenly spread 1 tablespoon of Mission® Guacamole Flavored Dip edge to edge.
Lay 5-6 slices of chicken across the middle of each tortilla, top chicken with 5 strips of green bell pepper, red onion and a tablespoon of cilantro leaves.
Starting at the bottom roll tortilla forward to form a cylinder, repeat process for remaining tortillas.
Serve a portion of tacos (two tacos) with 3 baby carrots, 3 celery sticks and a 1/4 cup of blue cheese dressing in a small ramekin.

Submitter: 
Mission Foods
Description: 
Spicy grilled chicken breast slices are rolled into tortillas with strips of bell pepper and red onion. Serve carrot and celery sticks with blue cheese dressing on the side for dipping.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
2 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 16 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
760 calories
49.1
g fat
65.9
g carbohydrates
35.5
g protein
75
mg cholesterol
1834
mg sodium.
