URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/237137/amish-breakfast-bake/
Title:
Amish Breakfast Bake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1323494.jpg
Ingredients:
1 large Anaheim chile pepper
2 (12 ounce) packages reduced fat pork sausage (such as Jimmy Dean®)
1 cup chopped sweet onion
1 cup chopped zucchini
1 cup chopped bell pepper
18 eggs, lightly beaten
1 (2 pound) package frozen southwestern-style hash brown potatoes, thawed
3 cups shredded reduced-fat Cheddar cheese
2 cups low-fat small curd cottage cheese
1 1/2 cups shredded reduced-fat Swiss cheese

Directions:
Set oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.
Cut the Anaheim pepper into halves lengthwise; remove and discard the stem, seeds, and ribs. Place the pepper, cut-sides down, onto the prepared baking sheet.
Cook under the preheated broiler until the skin of the pepper has blackened and blistered, 5 to 8 minutes. Place the blackened pepper into a bowl and tightly seal with plastic wrap. Allow the pepper to steam as it cools, about 20 minutes. Remove and discard skins; chop pepper.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch baking dish.
Cook and stir sausage in a large skillet over medium-high heat until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes; remove sausage using a slotted spoon to a plate, leaving rendered fat in the skillet.
Return skillet to medium-high heat. Saute onion, zucchini, bell pepper, and Anaheim pepper in hot skillet until just tender, about 4 minutes.
Stir eggs, hash browns, Cheddar cheese, cottage cheese, and Swiss cheese together in a large bowl; add sausage and sauteed vegetables and stir. Pour egg mixture into prepared baking dish.
Bake in the preheated oven until eggs are set and mixture is bubbling, about 70 minutes. Let cool for 10 minutes before slicing.

Submitter: 
Genevieve Johns Seivert
Description: 
This is a delicious, hearty breakfast bake that can be made the night before. Pretty enough for company, and guests will surely ask you for the recipe! This can be prepared the night before and stored in the fridge. Pull it out 1 to 2 hours prior to cooking to let warm up a bit. Makes 16 squares and fills the pan to the top. It is also a great base recipe; add or change the ingredients to your taste.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Eggs

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
321 calories
19.3
g fat
14.9
g carbohydrates
28.1
g protein
246
mg cholesterol
620
mg sodium.
