URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/237635/seafood-ceviche/
Title:
Seafood Ceviche Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6595721.jpg
Ingredients:
3 large tomatoes
4 jalapeno peppers
1/2 onion
2 tablespoons olive oil, or as needed
1 pound shrimp - peeled, deveined, and chopped
1 pound halibut, diced
1/2 pound small bay scallops
1 cup lime juice
1 cup tomato juice
3/4 cup fresh squeezed orange juice (orange halves reserved)
1/4 cup lemon juice
Pico de Gallo:
6 green onions, finely chopped
3 large fresh jalapeno peppers, seeded and finely chopped
2 avocados, diced
1 tomato, diced
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Set oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.
Put whole tomatoes, whole jalapeno peppers, and onion in a large bowl; drizzle olive oil over the vegetables and stir to coat. Spread vegetables onto the prepared baking sheet.
Cook under the preheated broiler until the skin of the peppers and tomatoes has blackened and blistered, 5 to 8 minutes. Transfer peppers and tomatoes to a bowl and tightly seal bowl with plastic wrap. Steam peppers as they cool, about 20 minutes. Remove and discard skins and seeds.
Make an ice bath in a large bowl set in the sink.
Bring a pot of water to a boil. Lightly blanche shrimp, halibut, and scallops in boiling water for 1 minute; drain and immediately plunge into the ice bath until chilled completely. Drain seafood mixture well and transfer to a large glass bowl.
Blend roasted tomatoes, roasted jalapeno peppers, roasted onion, lime juice, tomato juice, orange juice, and lemon juice in a blender until smooth; pour over the seafood mixture, cover bowl with plastic wrap, and marinate in refrigerator at least 24 hours.
Mix green onions, chopped jalapeno peppers, avocados, and diced tomato together in a small bowl; stir into the seafood mixture. Season with salt and pepper.

Submitter: 
Burch
Description: 
This is an excellent recipe for real ceviche. For those of you who love ceviche, you know that good ceviche takes a little effort. I use the freshest seafood and produce from the local fine food market. 
For those of you who are not familiar with ceviche, it is an extremely refreshing cold seafood soup. It may sound weird, but it is awesome! Serve in half-orange bowl or martini glass.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Seafood
Shrimp Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 d 1 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
208 calories
9.1
g fat
12.4
g carbohydrates
20.6
g protein
76
mg cholesterol
169
mg sodium.
