URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/237735/chewy-nutty-healthy-granola-bars/
Title:
Chewy, Nutty, Healthy Granola Bars Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4091952.jpg
Ingredients:
1/3 cup peanut butter
3 tablespoons butter, melted
1/4 cup brown sugar
2 tablespoons honey
1 tablespoon corn syrup
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoons unsweetened applesauce
1 2/3 cups old-fashioned oats
1/3 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 cup unsalted peanuts
1/2 cup raisins
1/2 cup semisweet chocolate chips (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9-inch square baking dish.
Stir peanut butter and melted butter together in a bowl until smooth. Add brown sugar, honey, corn syrup, vanilla extract, cinnamon, and salt; stir. Mix applesauce into peanut butter mixture.
Combine oats and flour in a bowl; toss to coat oats with flour. Stir peanuts and raisins into oat mixture. Pour peanut butter mixture over the oat mixture; stir to coat completely. Spread mixture into the prepared baking dish.
Bake in the preheated oven for 10 minutes. Sprinkle chocolate chips over the top and continue baking until chocolate melts and edges begin to brown, about 5 minutes more. Spread melted chocolate chips with the back of a spoon or a rubber spatula to coat the top. Cool completely before cutting into bars.

Submitter: 
cleoj386
Description: 
Chewy, nutty, chocolaty, and packed with tasty energy, no one will ever know these bars are low-fat and healthy! They're very easy to make and you can pack in everyone's favorite nuts and fruits. My family has now stopped buying Kashi® and chewy bars because we love these so much. These are gluten-free when made with rice flour and appear to be professionally made thanks to the small spoonful of corn syrup that keeps everything tightly combined and gives the bars a nice shine. Have fun experimenting with different combinations of nuts, dried fruits, and toppings! Almond butter works well, too!
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Snacks
Granola Bars

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
248 calories
12.4
g fat
32.1
g carbohydrates
5.6
g protein
8
mg cholesterol
155
mg sodium.
