URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/237833/cao-lau-vietnamese-noodle-bowl/
Title:
Cao Lau (Vietnamese Noodle Bowl) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/2287852.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons soy sauce
4 cloves garlic, minced, or more to taste
2 teaspoons Chinese five-spice powder
2 teaspoons white sugar
1 teaspoon paprika
1/4 teaspoon chicken bouillon granules
1 1/2 pounds pork tenderloin, cut into cubes
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
2 tablespoons water
2 pounds fresh thick Vietnamese-style rice noodles
2 cups bean sprouts
1 cup torn lettuce leaves
1 bunch green onions, chopped
1/4 cup fresh basil leaves
1/4 cup fresh cilantro leaves
1/4 cup crispy chow mein noodles, or more to taste

Directions:
Whisk soy sauce, garlic, Chinese 5-spice, sugar, paprika, and chicken bouillon together in a large glass or ceramic bowl. Add pork cubes and toss to evenly coat. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour.
Remove pork from marinade and shake off excess. Discard remaining marinade.
Heat oil in a large skillet or wok over medium heat. Cook and stir pork in hot oil until browned, 4 to 7 minutes. Add water; cook and stir until water evaporates and pork is cooked through, about 2 minutes more.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Rinse rice noodles under cold water and gently break noodles apart. Immerse noodles in boiling water until about half tender, about 30 seconds. Add bean sprouts to the water and noodles; continue cooking until tender but still firm to the bite, about 30 seconds more. Drain.
Combine noodles and pork mixture together in a large serving dish. Top noodles with lettuce, green onion, basil, cilantro, and crispy chow mein.

Submitter: 
Michael Kuhn
Description: 
Cao lau is made with noodles, pork, and greens traditionally found only in the town of Hoi An, Vietnam. This recipe approximates authentic cao lau with easier-to-find ingredients. Use fresh rice noodles about the same thickness of linguine.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Vietnamese

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3.75
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
488 calories
8.1
g fat
78.1
g carbohydrates
23.7
g protein
49
mg cholesterol
373
mg sodium.
