URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/237809/cauliflower-quiche/
Title:
Cauliflower Quiche Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1930413.jpg
Ingredients:
1 head cauliflower, cut into large florets
1/3 cup chopped fresh mushrooms
3 green onions, chopped
5 large eggs, or more to taste
1 cup half-and-half, or more to taste
2 tablespoons butter
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese (optional)
1 teaspoon ground turmeric
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 pinch curry powder, or to taste
1 pinch paprika, or to taste (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place a steamer insert into a saucepan and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer. Bring water to a boil. Add cauliflower; cover and steam until tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Cool to room temperature.
Blend cauliflower, mushrooms, and green onions in a blender under chopped, yet still chunky.
Separate egg yolks and egg whites into 2 separate bowls. Beat egg whites in a bowl using an electric mixer until medium peaks form.
Combine half-and-half, butter, and flour together in a saucepan over low heat; cook and stir until white sauce is thickened, about 5 minutes. Cool slightly.
Stir white sauce, Parmesan cheese, cauliflower mixture, egg yolks, turmeric, salt, pepper, and curry powder together in a bowl; gently fold in egg whites using a spatula or wide knife. Pour egg mixture into a glass baking dish. Sprinkle paprika over egg mixture.
Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown and set in the middle, 30 to 35 minutes.

Submitter: 
Christmas
Description: 
This is a great quiche recipe - high in protein, which we need every day, especially as vegetarians. It is quick and relatively easy to make. All good cooks can adapt this recipe to their own requirements and availability of certain ingredients - but it tastes the best using the ones I have suggested here. If the ingredients are organic, they will be that much better.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Eggs
Quiche

Number of ratings:
11 Ratings
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
214 calories
14.8
g fat
10.5
g carbohydrates
11.5
g protein
186
mg cholesterol
235
mg sodium.
