URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/237942/pumpkin-shortcakes-with-blueberry-cream-filling/
Title:
Pumpkin Shortcakes with Blueberry Cream Filling Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1133473.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup whole wheat flour
1 cup all-purpose flour
1/3 cup sugar
2 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup butter
3/4 cup canned pumpkin
1 egg
Blueberry Filling:
1/2 cup whipping cream
2 tablespoons sugar
2 (5.3 ounce) containers VOSKOS® Nonfat Blueberry Greek Yogurt
Fresh Blueberry Sauce:
2 cups fresh blueberries
1/4 cup sugar

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Combine the whole wheat and all-purpose flours, sugar, baking powder, and salt in a bowl. Using a pastry blender cut in butter to resemble coarse crumbs. Whisk together the pumpkin and egg; add to flour mixture and stir until dough comes together.
On a floured surface knead dough by gently folding and pressing until it just holds together. Pat dough out to 3/4-inch thickness. Using a floured 2-inch biscuit cutter cut out shortcakes; reroll scraps as necessary. Place shortcakes 1 inch apart on an ungreased baking sheet. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes or until golden. Cool on baking sheet for 5 minutes. Serve warm shortcakes split and filled with Blueberry Filling and Blueberry Sauce (see Steps 3 and 4 below).
Blueberry Filling: Combine whipping cream and sugar in a chilled mixing bowl. Beat with an electric mixer on medium speed until soft peaks form (tips curl). Fold together whipped cream and VOSKOS(R) Nonfat Blueberry Greek Yogurt. Serve immediately or chill up to 5 hours.
Fresh Blueberry Sauce: Combine blueberries and sugar in a food processor and pulse until a chunky sauce forms. Transfer blueberry mixture to a small pan. Simmer for 2 minutes. Serve warm.

Submitter: 
Voskos
Description: 
Pumpkin and blueberries bring their cache of great color and flavor to this easy dessert. The so-tender golden shortcake is split and filled with the perfect blend: fluffy whipped cream-blueberry Greek yogurt and a simple fresh blueberry sauce. Be prepared to share the recipe.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
VOSKOS&#174;

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
212 calories
9.7
g fat
28
g carbohydrates
4.6
g protein
41
mg cholesterol
231
mg sodium.
