URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/237945/twice-baked-sweet-potatoes-from-voskos/
Title:
Twice-Baked Sweet Potatoes from VOSKOS® Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1133476.jpg
Ingredients:
4 medium sweet potatoes
2 (5.3 ounce) containers VOSKOS® Nonfat Honey Greek Yogurt
2 tablespoons butter
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
1/4 teaspoon grated orange peel
1 tablespoon orange juice
Toasted coarsely chopped pecans*

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Line a large baking sheet with foil. Prick each sweet potato twice with a fork. Place the sweet potatoes on the prepared baking sheet. Bake for 45 to 60 minutes or just until tender. Remove potatoes from oven and let stand until cool enough to handle. Reduce oven temperature to 375 degrees F.
Cut each sweet potato in half lengthwise. Scoop out the cooked pulp from six of the sweet potato halves, leaving shells about 1/4 inch thick and reserving pulp in a large bowl. Remove all the pulp from the remaining sweet potatoes, discarding skins. Add one of the containers of VOSKOS(R) Nonfat Honey Greek Yogurt, the butter, cinnamon, salt, and pepper to the pulp and mash with a potato masher until the mixture is fairly smooth.
Using a spoon, fill the six shells with mashed potato mixture. Transfer the filled sweet potato shells to a foil-lined baking sheet. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until heated through. Combine the remaining container of yogurt with the orange peel, and orange juice in a small bowl. Top sweet potatoes with orange-yogurt mixture and sprinkle with pecans.

Submitter: 
Voskos
Description: 
The comforting aroma of cinnamon spice twice-baked sweet potatoes for a new twist on a family favorite. For a finishing touch, spoon on a fresh topping that mixes VOSKOS® Honey Greek Yogurt with zesty orange juice and peel. A sprinkle of toasted pecans adds just the right crunch.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
VOSKOS&#174;

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
224 calories
5
g fat
37.7
g carbohydrates
7.9
g protein
14
mg cholesterol
515
mg sodium.
