URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/237943/shrimp-with-fruited-couscous/
Title:
Shrimp with Fruited Couscous Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1133474.jpg
Ingredients:
20 fresh or frozen large shrimp in shells
1 (5.3 ounce) container VOSKOS® Nonfat Vanilla Greek Yogurt
1/2 cup water
1/4 cup white balsamic vinegar
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 teaspoon dried rosemary, crushed
Fruited Couscous:
3/4 cup chicken broth
1/3 cup orange juice
3/4 cup couscous
1/2 teaspoon finely shredded orange peel
1/4 cup sliced green onions
1/4 cup snipped dried cherries

Directions:
Thaw shrimp, if frozen. Peel and devein shrimp, leaving tails intact (if desired). Rinse shrimp; pat dry with paper towels. Place shrimp in a resealable plastic bag.
Combine the VOSKOS(R) Nonfat Vanilla Greek Yogurt, water, balsamic vinegar, vegetable oil, and rosemary in a bowl. Pour more than half of the mixture over the shrimp in the resealable bag; seal bag. Turn bag to combine mixture and coat shrimp. Marinate shrimp for 30 to 60 minutes in the refrigerator, turning occasionally. Reserve remaining marinade; chill.
Drain shrimp, discarding marinade. Thread shrimp on four 12-inch skewers leaving a 1/4-inch space between shrimp. For a charcoal grill, place skewers on the grill rack; cover and grill directly over medium coals for 5 to 8 minutes or until shrimp are opaque, turning once and brushing with reserved marinade after turning. Discard remaining marinade. (For gas grill, preheat grill. Reduce heat to medium. Place skewers on grill rack over heat. Cover and grill as directed.) Serve with couscous.
Fruited Couscous: Combine chicken broth and orange juice; bring to boiling. Stir in couscous; cover and remove from heat. Let stand 5 minutes. Stir in orange peel, green onions, and dried cherries. Serve with shrimp.

Submitter: 
Voskos
Description: 
This easy shrimp changes expectations on recipes worthy of backyard barbecues. An herb-yogurt-balsamic marinade brings a pop of tangy flavor to the skewered seafood. Serve on a bed of so-simple couscous dotted with orange peel and dried cherries.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
VOSKOS&#174;

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3.5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
318 calories
4.6
g fat
42
g carbohydrates
24.9
g protein
160
mg cholesterol
206
mg sodium.
