URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/238206/thai-chicken-slaw-burgers/
Title:
Thai Chicken Slaw Burgers Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F1346134.jpg
Ingredients:
8  hamburger buns, split
2 tablespoons butter
½  onion, chopped
2 tablespoons tomato paste
2 cloves garlic, minced
3 tablespoons Thai sweet chili sauce, or more to taste
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
1 teaspoon white sugar
2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breast, or more to taste, cut in bite-size pieces
2 tablespoons olive oil
3 tablespoons sweet pickle relish
3 tablespoons lemon juice
2 tablespoons honey
2 cups coleslaw mix

Directions:
Set oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Arrange hamburger buns, cut-sides facing up, in a single layer on a baking sheet.
Toast buns under the preheated broiler until toasted, 30 to 60 seconds.
Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir onion, tomato paste, and garlic in hot butter until onion is softened, about 5 minutes. Stir chili sauce, Worcestershire sauce, and sugar into onion mixture.
Stir chicken and olive oil into the skillet; cook and stir until chicken is no longer pink in the center, 5 to 10 minutes.
Whisk relish, lemon juice, and honey together in a large bowl; add coleslaw blend and toss to coat.
Spoon chicken mixture into toasted buns and top with coleslaw.

Submitter: 
CINDYJAKE
Description: 
One of my family's favorite meals! We vary the toppings by sometimes using cabbage slaw and other times broccoli slaw. Super healthy and low in fat! We've also substituted iceberg lettuce leaves for the buns to lower the calories. Messier but so yummy! Serve any extra slaw on the side. You can serve these over rice or on a bed of salad, too. We've also turned them into lettuce wraps to save more calories!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
5 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.6
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
30 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
379 calories
12.6
g fat
36
g carbohydrates
29.7
g protein
78
mg cholesterol
488
mg sodium.
