URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/238306/justins-honey-buffalo-chicken-wraps/
Title:
Justin's Honey Buffalo Chicken Wraps Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1230683.jpg
Ingredients:
Sauce:
1/4 cup whiskey (such as Jack Daniel's® Tennessee Honey)
1/4 cup packed brown sugar
1/3 cup ketchup
2 tablespoons hot pepper sauce (such as Frank's RedHot®)
2 tablespoons butter
1 tablespoon white vinegar
1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
Wraps:
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
4 (6 inch) flour tortillas
8 slices provolone cheese

Directions:
Stir whiskey, brown sugar, ketchup, hot sauce, butter, vinegar, cayenne pepper, red pepper flakes and garlic powder together in a saucepan over medium heat; cook, whisking occasionally, until the mixture begins to bubble, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to low and cook sauce at a gentle simmer until thickened to the consistency of syrup, about 15 minutes more. Remove from heat to cool.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook chicken breasts in the hot oil, turning occasionally, until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 10 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Remove chicken to a cutting board. Use two forks to pull the chicken into shreds.
Drain and discard oil from skillet, but do not otherwise clean. Return shredded chicken to the skillet. Place skillet over low heat and pour sauce over the chicken; cook and stir until the chicken is coated in sauce and the sauce sticks to the chicken strands, 1 to 2 minutes.
Heat a clean skillet over low heat. Toast a tortilla in the skillet until warmed, about 1 minute. Flip tortilla and top with 2 slices provolone cheese. Cook until the cheese melts slightly, about 1 minute more. Spoon about one-quarter of the chicken mixture into the tortilla and wrap tortilla around the filling. Repeat with remaining tortillas, cheese, and chicken mixture.

Submitter: 
Justin Will
Description: 
Try this Bourbon-spiked alternative to buttery hot sauce for your next Buffalo chicken wrap. It's a sweet sauce with a spicy red pepper kick! I've doubled the spices and combined the honey and bourbon. I've been making it in a pulled chicken wrap, and it's been absolutely amazing. After the tortillas are filled with chicken, add lettuce, tomatoes, and blue cheese dressing to your liking.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Chicken
Chicken Breasts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3.66666674613953
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
613 calories
30
g fat
33.9
g carbohydrates
42.6
g protein
124
mg cholesterol
1174
mg sodium.
