URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/238386/raspberry-habanero-jam/
Title:
Raspberry Habanero Jam Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3999714.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups white vinegar
1 green bell pepper, halved and seeded
5 habanero peppers, stemmed, or more to taste
6 cups white sugar
2 (12 ounce) packages frozen raspberries
3 tablespoons powdered pectin
5 1-pint canning jars with lids and rings

Directions:
Blend vinegar, green bell pepper, and habanero peppers together in a blender until smooth. Stir pepper mixture, sugar, raspberries, and pectin together in a large stockpot; bring to a boil and cook until jam is smooth and sugar is dissolved, about 5 minutes.
Sterilize the jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Pack jam into hot, sterilized jars, filling to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a knife or thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars into the boiling water using a holder. Leave a 2-inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary to bring the water level to at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a rolling boil, cover the pot, and process for 15 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Once cool, press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
Chokolate911
Description: 
This jam is delicious poured over a block of cream cheese and served with crackers. The heat from the peppers and the sweetness of the sugar and berries complement each other perfectly. A simple and unique appetizer or game day snack. This jam is wonderful on top of vanilla ice cream too!
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Jams and Jellies

Number of ratings:
29 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.75862073898315
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
80
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
63 calories
0.1
g fat
16.1
g carbohydrates
0.1
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
< 1
mg sodium.
