URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/238608/easy-chicken-veracruz/
Title:
Easy Chicken Veracruz Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F4454529.jpg
Ingredients:
4  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - pounded to 1/2 inch thickness
Salt and cracked black pepper to taste
2 tablespoons olive oil, divided
1  onion, sliced
1  red bell pepper, sliced
1  green bell pepper, sliced
1 (15 ounce) jar Classico® Tomato and Basil Sauce
½ cup cherry tomatoes, halved
½ cup pitted green olives, coarsely chopped (optional)
3 tablespoons capers for garnish (optional)

Directions:
Salt and pepper the chicken breasts on both sides.
Heat oil in skillet over medium-high heat. Place the chicken in oil and cook until chicken begins to turn white, about 3 or 4 minutes.  Turn and cook until chicken is browned, 3 or 4 more minutes, and internal temperature reaches 165 degrees F. Remove chicken from skillet.
Add remaining oil to pan. Stir in onions and red and green bell peppers. Cook and stir until the onions are softened and slightly browned, about 5 minutes.
Stir in the tomato-basil sauce; let simmer for about 5 minutes until slightly thickened. Return the chicken to the pan and cook until chicken is heated through, a few minutes more.
Serve over hot rice or quinoa. Garnish with chopped cherry tomatoes, green olives, and capers.

Submitter: 
Classico
Description: 
Inspired by a snapper Veracruz dish I had at a local Mexican restaurant, i created this variation using chicken. Sautéed chicken breasts are topped with tomato-basil sauce, tomatoes, sautéed onions, red and green bell peppers, and garnished with green olives and capers. Serve over hot rice or quinoa.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
17 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.47
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
30 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
282 calories
12.9
g fat
16.7
g carbohydrates
25.2
g protein
59
mg cholesterol
1057
mg sodium.
