URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/239036/herbed-citrus-salmon/
Title:
Herbed Citrus Salmon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1381047.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup freshly squeezed orange juice
1 sprig fresh thyme, bruised
1/4 teaspoon Diamond Crystal® Coarse Sea Salt
2 (6 ounce) salmon fillets
Citrus Herbed Butter:
3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened
1/4 teaspoon Diamond Crystal® Coarse Sea Salt
1 teaspoon freshly grated orange zest
1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves
1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves
1 tablespoon coarsely chopped Italian parsley leaves
1 teaspoon freshly squeezed orange juice

Directions:
Stir together orange juice, thyme and Diamond Crystal® Coarse Sea Salt in a shallow dish until salt is dissolved. Place salmon into the marinade and coat on each side. Arrange pieces skin side up in the dish, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate 30 minutes.
Citrus Herbed Butter: Combine butter, Diamond Crystal(R) Coarse Sea Salt, orange zest, thyme, rosemary, parsley, and orange juice in a bowl. Mix well to form a spreadable paste. Cover and refrigerate.
Remove salmon from marinade and pat dry with paper towels. Arrange fillets skin side down on baking dish. Drizzle with olive oil to coat.
Set oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler.
Broil fish until the fish flakes easily with a fork, about 5 minutes.
Place fillets on serving plates. Top fish with 1 teaspoon of Citrus Herbed Butter and a generous pinch of Diamond Crystal(R) Coarse Sea Salt. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Diamond Crystal Salt
Description: 
Salmon fillets are marinated in an orange-thyme mixture, baked until tender, then topped with citrus-herb butter.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
Diamond Crystal&#174; Salt

Number of ratings:
7 Ratings
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
425 calories
27.3
g fat
7.3
g carbohydrates
36.6
g protein
120
mg cholesterol
690
mg sodium.
