URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/239166/caprese-stuffed-zucchini/
Title:
Caprese-Stuffed Zucchini Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/2651513.jpg
Ingredients:
2 large zucchinis, halved lengthwise and seeded
sea salt to taste
freshly ground black pepper to taste
extra-virgin olive oil, or to taste
2 (1/2 inch thick) slices eggplant
1 cup cherry tomatoes, quartered
1 clove garlic, minced
1 cup fresh basil leaves, divided
1 teaspoon sea salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling
1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Season zucchini with sea salt and freshly ground black pepper. Drizzle 2 tablespoons olive oil over the zucchini halves.
Bake zucchini in preheated oven until softened, about 10 minutes. Remove to a platter to cool; cut into 2-inch segments, keeping them together to resemble intact halves.
Season eggplant slices on both sides with salt and pepper; arrange onto the baking sheet.
Bake eggplant for 15 minutes, flip, and continue baking until browned, 15 to 20 minutes more; remove to a cutting board and let cool slightly.
Remove and discard skin from eggplant. Chop eggplant flesh and transfer to a large mixing bowl; add tomatoes and garlic.
Chop 3/4 cup basil leaves; add to eggplant mixture and season with 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon black pepper. Drizzle 3 tablespoons olive oil over the mixture; toss to coat. Spoon the mixture onto the zucchini halves. Drizzle balsamic vinegar and more olive oil over the stuffed zucchini. Tear remaining basil leaves and sprinkle over the zucchinis.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
I just love the summer months and all of the fresh vegetables we have available to us! We are very lucky to have so many farmers that share their harvest with us! This is a great appetizer needing only a few fresh ingredients!
Categories:
Main Dish
Stuffed Main Dishes
Stuffed Zucchini

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
138 calories
11.7
g fat
7.9
g carbohydrates
2.2
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
362
mg sodium.
