URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/239331/idahoan-potato-crusted-rib-roast/
Title:
Idahoan Potato Crusted Rib Roast Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1453267.jpg
Ingredients:
For the Mashed Potato Crust:
1 (4 ounce) package Idahoan® Buttery Homestyle Flavored Mashed Potatoes
1 tablespoon mayonnaise
3 tablespoons Parmesan cheese, grated
1 teaspoon kosher salt
Black pepper
2 eggs, beaten
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
For the Crispy Outer Potato Crust:
1 (4 ounce) package Idahoan® Buttery Homestyle Flavored Mashed Potatoes
1 cup panko bread crumbs
1 cup potato chips, crushed
For the Roast:
1 (5 pound) bone-in standing rib roast
Salt and pepper
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
3 tablespoons canola oil
1/4 cup whole-grain mustard

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees .
For the mashed potato crust:
Make Buttery Homestyle Flavored Mashed Potatoes to package directions substituting boiling milk for the water.
When the milk is incorporated, add the mayonnaise and the Parmesan. Season with the salt and pepper to taste. Cool for 5 minutes.
Once cooled, add the eggs, and the flour. Mix until blended - the potatoes should appear thick and dry.
For the crispy outer potato crust:
Combine the 3 ingredients and set aside.
For the Roast:
Season the rib roast generously with salt and black pepper. Dust the outside with the all-purpose flour.
Heat a cast iron or a large heavy saute pan over med-high heat. Add the canola oil and allow it to heat until simmering.
Add the rib roast carefully bone-side up or fat side down. Sear until golden in color.
Remove the roast and place on a sheet tray. Allow it to cool for 10 minutes.
Once cooled, brush the mustard onto the fat side of the roast and the under side. Coat the roast with the potato and egg mixture. Then coat the potato mixture with the crispy crust mix.
Place the roast in the preheated oven and roast for 1 hour.
Turn off the oven and making sure to keep the oven door closed, leave the roast in the oven for 3 hours.
After 3 hours, turn the oven back on to 375 degrees to reheat the roast - about 10 minutes.
Remove the roast and let it rest for 15 minutes. Slice and serve.

Submitter: 
Idahoan
Description: 
Idahoan Potato Crusted Rib Roast is a special dish for a special occasion and developed for us by a special lady, Chef Casey Thompson of Top Chef fame.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
Idahoan&#174;

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
592 calories
39.4
g fat
23.6
g carbohydrates
37.2
g protein
150
mg cholesterol
588
mg sodium.
