URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/239403/chocolate-crepe-cake-with-salted-chocolate-orange-sauce/
Title:
Chocolate Crepe Cake with Salted Chocolate Orange Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1730987.jpg
Ingredients:
Crepes:
2 cups milk
1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
6 teaspoons confectioners' sugar
2 large eggs
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/4 teaspoon Diamond Crystal® Kosher Salt
2 tablespoons butter
Salted Chocolate Orange Sauce:
9 ounces 70% dark chocolate, chopped
1 1/2 cups heavy cream
6 fluid ounces orange juice concentrate, undiluted
1/4 cup sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla
1/4 teaspoon Diamond Crystal® Kosher Salt
2 cups heavy whipping cream

Directions:
Mix milk, flour, cocoa powder, confectioners' sugar, eggs, vanilla and Diamond Crystal(R) Kosher Salt in a large mixing bowl until smooth and well blended.
Melt about 1/3 teaspoon of the butter in a small skillet over medium high heat. Add about 1/4 cup of the batter to the skillet; tilt pan with a circular motion to evenly distribute batter. Cook until bubbles appear and the surface looks dull. Turn the crepe and cook on the other side approximately 1 minute. Place crepe on a plate. Repeat for the remaining crepes, separating them with a layer of waxed paper to prevent them from sticking to each other. Batter is enough to make about 16 crepes.
For Chocolate Orange Sauce, place the cream into a medium pan and heat until very warm. Remove pan from heat. Add chocolate and stir until combined and silky. Add orange juice concentrate, vanilla, sugar and Diamond Crystal(R) Kosher Salt; stir until thoroughly mixed.
Whip 2 cups whipping cream in a bowl until stiff.
To assemble the cake, place a crepe on a serving plate. Spread a thin layer of whipped cream onto crepe; top with another crepe. Continue layering whipped cream and crepes, ending with an unfrosted crepe. Refrigerate for 30 minutes to firm up the cake before serving.
To serve, spoon about 4 tablespoons of sauce on a dessert plate in a small circle. Slice cake into wedges. Place a wedge of cake on top of the chocolate orange sauce.
Optional garnishes: Peeled orange sections, mint sprigs, or shaved chocolate.

Submitter: 
pelicangal
Description: 
A delicious cake that combines flavors that everyone loves--chocolate and orange.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
Diamond Crystal&#174; Salt

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
1035 calories
73.6
g fat
85.3
g carbohydrates
15.5
g protein
271
mg cholesterol
303
mg sodium.
