URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/239433/fried-peach-and-pancetta-pizza/?src=VD_Summary
Title:
Fried Peach and Pancetta Pizza Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4520954.jpg
Ingredients:
8 ounces pancetta bacon, thickly sliced
1 teaspoon olive oil, or as needed
12 ounces pizza dough, or more to taste, cut into quarters
1 tablespoon all-purpose flour, or as needed
1 cup olive oil, or as needed
1/2 cup ricotta cheese
2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, or to taste
ground black pepper to taste
20 slices fresh peach
1/4 cup freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, or to taste
4 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil, or to taste

Directions:
Preheat an oven to 475 degrees F (245 degrees C). Line baking sheets with aluminum foil.
Sprinkle pancetta into a cold skillet and drizzle 1 teaspoon olive oil over pancetta. Cook and stir pancetta over medium heat until browned and caramelized, 5 to 10 minutes. Remove pan from heat and cool pancetta in the oil in the skillet.
Place 1 dough quarter on a work surface and lightly dust with flour; roll into a 1/8-inch-thick irregularly shaped crust. Stretch dough with your hands to an even thickness; let rest on the work surface for 5 minutes. Repeat with remaining dough.
Heat about 1 cup olive oil, reaching about 1/2-inch depth, in a heavy cast iron skillet over medium-high heat. Fry each piece of dough until browned and cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. The first side will be lighter than the second side. Drain the crusts on paper towels.
Transfer pizza crusts, lighter-side up, to prepared baking sheets. Spread about 2 tablespoons ricotta cheese onto each crust using the back of a spoon. Sprinkle about 1/2 teaspoon fresh thyme over ricotta layer. Sprinkle pancetta over the ricotta-thyme layer; season with black pepper. Nestle about 5 peach slices onto each pizza, working around the pancetta pieces. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon Parmesan-Reggiano cheese over each pizza. Drizzle about 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil over Parmesan-Reggiano layer.
Bake in the preheated oven until cheese is melted and peaches are lightly browned and tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Cool pizzas for 5 to 10 minutes on the baking sheet.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
Growing up, I always loved when my family made pizza from scratch, but what I loved even more was what came after the meal. Any extra dough and scraps were rolled out, left to rise, fried, and sprinkled with sugar to create a simple, but delicious donut-like treat. 

Here we're doing a savory twist, using the same technique to make a pizza featuring ricotta, pancetta, and peaches. Garnish with extra sprig of thyme if desired.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Pork
Bacon
Appetizers

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.375
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
462 calories
23.4
g fat
44.8
g carbohydrates
16.3
g protein
24
mg cholesterol
1060
mg sodium.
