URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/239545/caramelized-onion-meatballs-pizza-with-apple-gorgonzola/
Title:
Caramelized Onion Meatballs Pizza with Apple & Gorgonzola Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4513579.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (18 ounce) package al fresco® Caramelized Onion Chicken Meatballs, cut in half
1 (13.8 ounce) package refrigerated whole grain pizza dough
1 sweet red apple, thinly sliced (Fuji, Pink Lady or Gala)
1/4 cup Gorgonzola cheese crumbles
1 cup low-sodium mozzarella cheese, shredded
2 pounds Vidalia onions, thinly sliced
1/4 cup dry white wine
1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil
1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped
Extra virgin olive oil cooking spray

Directions:
In a large skillet coated with olive oil, cover and sweat onions over medium-high heat. Stir periodically so that the onions do not stick and burn on the bottom of the pan. After 15 minutes, remove cover and add the fresh thyme and white wine. Continue to cook for an additional 5 minutes until the onions are well caramelized. Onions should cook down by about 1/2 in volume.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
Use an 18x12-inch baking sheet, lightly coat with pan spray, and rub with a paper towel to remove any excess. Stretch and press the pizza dough to fully cover the sheet pan. Prebake for 5 to 6 minutes to lightly brown.
To layer the pizza, cover the crust entirely with the onions. Top with apple slices and sprinkle with the gorgonzola. Place the al fresco® Caramelized Onion Chicken Meatballs flat-side down and sprinkle with the mozzarella.
Bake for 8 to 10 minutes or until cheese is bubbly and browning. Serve immediately with your favorite side salad.

Submitter: 
al fresco
Description: 
Pizza topped with al fresco® Caramelized Onion Chicken Meatballs, sliced apples and Gorgonzola crumbles is a quick and easy meal to prepare.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
10 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
calories
fat
carbohydrates
protein
cholesterol
sodium.
