URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/239744/jds-apple-pie-cheesecake-log-with-salted-caramel-sauce/
Title:
JD's Apple Pie Cheesecake Log with Salted Caramel Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1636574.jpg
Ingredients:
Spread:
1 large Red Delicious apple - peeled, cored, and diced
1 cup cold water
1 tablespoon lemon juice
2 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese, softened
1/4 cup brown sugar
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/4 teaspoon ground allspice
Caramel Sauce:
1 cup white sugar
6 tablespoons unsalted butter, sliced and softened
1/2 cup heavy whipping cream, room temperature
3/4 teaspoon sea salt
Pie Crust Chips:
1 pastry for a 9-inch double-crust pie
1 egg, beaten
1/2 cup cinnamon-sugar
1 cup chopped pecans

Directions:
Mix diced apple, cold water, and lemon juice together in a small bowl; soak for 10 minutes. Drain.
Stir cream cheese, brown sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, and allspice together in a bowl until smooth. Fold the diced apple into the cream cheese mixture.
Spoon the cream cheese mixture onto the center of a sheet of plastic wrap. Use the plastic to shape the cheese mixture into a log, wrap the plastic around the log, and refrigerate until set, about 2 hours.
Cook and stir white sugar in a 3-quart saucepan over medium-high heat until melted, smooth, and taking on an amber color, about 10 minutes; add butter and stir quickly with a whisk until the butter is melted, 1 to 2 minutes. Immediately remove saucepan from heat. Slowly stream heavy cream into the sugar mixture while continually stirring with the whisk to incorporate fully; add sea salt and stir. Transfer the caramel sauce to a glass bowl and set aside to cool.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Roll out pie pastry on a lightly floured surface to about 1/4-inch thick. Cut dough into rectangles about 2 inches long. Arrange dough strips onto the prepared baking sheet. Brush the tops of the dough strips with beaten egg. Sprinkle cinnamon-sugar over the strips.
Bake dough strips in preheated oven until golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes. Cool completely.
Spread pecans into a shallow dish. Unwrap cheese log and roll in the pecans to coat. Place coated log onto a plate and drizzle caramel sauce evenly over the log. Serve with the pie crust chips.

Submitter: 
Jacolyn
Description: 
The flavors of cheesecake, apple pie, and salted caramel meld delectably in this creamy dessert spread. You'll want to lick the plate when it's gone.
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Apple Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
50 m
Ready in:
3 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
680 calories
48
g fat
58.5
g carbohydrates
7.7
g protein
103
mg cholesterol
467
mg sodium.
