URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/239827/timm-curry/
Title:
Timm Curry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7646201.jpg
Ingredients:
2 russet potatoes, peeled and cubed
3 carrots, sliced
3 tablespoons olive oil
3 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, cut into bite-size pieces
1 large onion, diced
6 cloves garlic, minced, or more to taste
3 tablespoons hot (Madras) curry powder
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon ground cloves
1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste
2 (15 ounce) cans garbanzo beans (chickpeas), drained and rinsed
1 (14.5 ounce) can fire-roasted diced tomatoes, with juice
1 (6 ounce) can tomato paste
3 tablespoons lemon juice
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Place potatoes into a large pot and cover with water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until halfway tender, about 8 minutes. Drain and reserve potato-cooking water.
Place carrots into a pot and cover with water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until halfway tender, about 4 minutes. Drain.
Heat olive oil in a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Saute chicken and onion in hot oil until onion is translucent and chicken is no long pink in the center, 5 to 10 minutes.
Reduced heat to medium. Stir garlic, curry powder, cinnamon, cloves, and cayenne pepper into chicken mixture; cook and stir until fragrant, about 2 minutes.
Stir potatoes, carrots, garbanzo beans, diced tomatoes with juice, tomato paste, and lemon juice into chicken mixture. Pour reserved potato water into chicken mixture until desired consistency is reached, about 2 cups. Cook, stirring occasionally, until heated through and potatoes and carrots are tender, 10 to 15 minutes more. Season with salt and black pepper.

Submitter: 
Barryxxiv
Description: 
Garbanzo beans, cubes of seared chicken breast, carrots, and potatoes simmer until tender in a blend of spices and tomato. Serve by itself in a bowl or over rice. Also great over plain quinoa if you're really watching the calories/carbs.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Chicken
Chicken Breasts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.66666650772095
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
calories
fat
carbohydrates
protein
cholesterol
sodium.
