URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/23999/cordon-bleu-rollups-with-honey-mustard-wine-sauce/
Title:
Cordon Bleu Rollups with Honey Mustard Wine sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/790351.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups white wine
1 teaspoon chopped fresh tarragon
1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
½ pound sliced Swiss cheese
½ pound sliced cooked ham
2 tablespoons brown sugar, divided
salt and pepper to taste
1 tablespoon all-purpose flour
2 cups white wine
¼ cup Dijon mustard
3 tablespoons honey
1 tablespoon prepared horseradish
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
To Marinate: Mix 2 cups wine, tarragon, parsley and oil in a nonporous glass dish or bowl and. Add chicken, and toss to coat. Cover dish or bowl, and refrigerate to marinate for at least 4 hours.
Remove chicken from marinade, and pour marinade into a large skillet over medium high heat. Cut chicken breasts in half vertically and quickly flatten each piece to 1/2 inch thickness with a meat mallet. Layer each piece a slice of cheese, slice of ham, and a sprinkle of brown sugar. Roll and secure with toothpicks, then brown in skillet with marinade.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Place browned rollups in a 9x13 inch baking dish and pour a small amount of marinade over chicken, reserving at least 3 tablespoons in the skillet. Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper to taste and a small amount of brown sugar.
Bake chicken rollups in preheated oven for about 30 minutes, or until cooked through and chicken juices run clear.
To Make Sauce: Meanwhile, add flour to skillet with reserved marinade. Add 2 cups wine, stirring constantly, letting sauce thicken. Then stir in mustard, honey, a bit of brown sugar and horseradish. Season with salt and pepper to taste, heat through and serve with chicken rollups.

Submitter: 
LAURA OLSON
Description: 
Rollups of chicken breast, Swiss cheese and ham are baked and topped with a white wine/honey/mustard sauce. This is one of my favorites. It was trial and error. Play with the ingredient amounts, because I never use a recipe and these are approximations!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
6 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.83
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 5 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
405 calories
15.5
g fat
17.1
g carbohydrates
26.2
g protein
75
mg cholesterol
656
mg sodium.
