URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/239931/vegetarian-bacon-chili/
Title:
Vegetarian Bacon Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 (15 ounce) cans red kidney beans with liquid
1 (28 ounce) can crushed tomatoes
1 (28 ounce) can diced tomatoes
1 (12 ounce) package vegetarian ground beef crumbles
4 cloves elephant garlic, crushed
6 2/3 tablespoons vegetarian bacon bits
1/2 large white onion, chopped
1 lime, peeled
1 serrano pepper, seeded and thinly sliced
5 teaspoons chili powder, or to taste
2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, or to taste
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, or to taste
2 teaspoons dried oregano, or to taste
1 teaspoon curry powder, or to taste
1 teaspoon salt

Directions:
Pour kidney beans with liquid, crushed tomatoes, diced tomatoes, vegetarian beef crumbles, and garlic into a slow cooker.
Grind vegetarian bacon bits into a fine powder using a mortar and pestle or food processor.
Blend onion, lime, and serrano pepper together in a blender until a paste forms. Stir paste and ground bacon bits into kidney bean mixture.
Cook on Low until heated through, about 1 hour. Add chili powder, cayenne pepper, cinnamon, oregano, curry powder, and salt. Cook on Low for 4 hours.

Submitter: 
samdoj
Description: 
I cook by intuition and my intuition led me to this amazing chili that is presented for you here. It's quick, super-easy, and delicious! Wear gloves when handling serrano peppers. Save the seeds; you can use them in a pepper oil. Also, you don't want to taste the oregano. The goal is for it to just sit atop the tomato flavor. Similarly with the cinnamon.  The curry was a lucky accident, but it worked! Don't add too much of it though or it will turn your chili an unappetizing orange. Like any chili, this one is great with shredded cheese and sour cream.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Chili
Vegetarian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
5 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
196 calories
3.4
g fat
29.1
g carbohydrates
15
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
833
mg sodium.
