URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/239981/chocolate-raspberry-brownie-trifles/
Title:
Chocolate Raspberry Brownie Trifles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1596129.jpg
Ingredients:
For the Brownies:
1 cup Ghirardelli® 60% Cacao Bittersweet Chocolate Chips
3/4 cup unsalted butter, cut into cubes
1 cup granulated sugar
3 large eggs, lightly beaten
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup all-purpose flour
9 Ghirardelli Dark & Raspberry SQUARES™ Chocolate
For the Ganache:
6 ounces heavy cream
4 ounces Ghirardelli® 60% Cacao Bittersweet Chocolate Chips
For the Garnish:
2 cups freshly whipped cream or whipped topping
1 1/2 cups fresh raspberries

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees  F. Line an 8x8 inch baking pan with foil and spray with nonstick cooking spray. Set aside.
Microwave Ghirardelli(R) 60% Cacao Bittersweet Chocolate Baking Chips and butter in a large bowl microwave-safe bowl at medium (50%)power. Stir every 30 seconds until chocolate and butter are melted and smooth.
Add sugar, eggs, vanilla, and salt to the chocolate mixture and whisk to combine. Gradually add in flour; stir until just combined.
Spread half the brownie batter into prepared pan. Evenly place the Ghirardelli Dark Chocolate Raspberry Filled Squares and cover with remaining batter. Spread batter evenly over the Ghirardelli Dark Chocolate Raspberry Squares and bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes. Remove pan to cooling rack to cool completely.
Once brownies are completely cooled, remove them from the pan and use a small glass or round biscuit cutter to cut the brownies into 8-9 circular shapes.  Once you have 8-9 brownie circles, slice each brownie in half horizontally, directly through the centers of the brownies, so each brownie is now two thinner circular brownies.
When ready to serve, make the ganache. Place Ghirardelli(R) 60% Cacao Bittersweet Chocolate Baking Chips in a medium bowl. In a medium saucepan over medium heat, bring cream to a boil and immediately remove from heat. Pour hot cream over Ghirardelli(R) 60% Cacao Bittersweet Chocolate Baking Chips and let stand for 3-5 minutes.  Whisk ganache until smooth. Allow ganache to cool at room temperature for 10-15 minutes before assembling the trifles.
To assemble the trifles:  Place a brownie at the bottom of each trifle dish or small glass. Evenly pipe or spoon a layer of ganache onto each brownie. Add a layer of whipped cream and then a layer of fresh raspberries. Repeat layers. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Ghirardelli®
Description: 
Mini brownie rounds topped with chocolate-raspberry are layered in trifle dishes with creamy ganache, whipped cream and fresh raspberries.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3.5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
717 calories
48.9
g fat
71.6
g carbohydrates
8.3
g protein
156
mg cholesterol
129
mg sodium.
