URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/239918/apple-jam-apple-pie-in-a-jar/
Title:
Apple Jam (Apple Pie in a Jar) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7461011.jpg
Ingredients:
6 Granny Smith apples - peeled, cored, and finely chopped
4 cups white sugar
1/2 cup light brown sugar
1 large lemon, zested and juiced
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
1/8 teaspoon allspice
5 half-pint canning jars with lids and rings

Directions:
Combine apples, white sugar, light brown sugar, lemon juice, lemon zest, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves, and allspice in a pot; bring to a rolling boil. Cook at a boil, stirring occasionally, until fruit is soft and jam gelling point (220 degrees F (104 degrees C) is reached, at least 45 minutes. Put a small amount of jam on a cold plate; freeze for several minutes. If the mixture is gelled, it is ready to process in a canner.
Sterilize the jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Pack apple jam into hot, sterilized jars, filling to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a knife or thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars into the boiling water using a holder. Leave a 2-inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary to bring the water level to at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a rolling boil, cover the pot, and process for 10 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Once cool, press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
Art Kautz
Description: 
This is apple jam - something you can't seem to buy - spiced to resemble the taste of most apple pies. Usually there is enough pectin in the apples to make it jell without adding anything. You can use 1 package of pectin (such as SureJel®), if desired.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Jams and Jellies

Number of ratings:
10 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.79999995231628
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
2 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
80
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
49 calories
0
g fat
12.8
g carbohydrates
0.1
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
< 1
mg sodium.
