URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/240480/cranberry-ginger-wafers-with-maple-sugar/
Title:
Cranberry Ginger Wafers with Maple Sugar Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 cup water
1 cup fresh cranberries
2 cups white sugar, divided
2 cups all-purpose flour
2 tablespoons ground ginger
2 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 cup butter, softened
1 egg
2 tablespoons maple sugar, or as needed

Directions:
Bring water, cranberries, and 1 cup sugar to a boil in a saucepan; boil for 5 minutes. Reduce heat and simmer until cranberries pop, about 2 minutes; remove from heat to cool. Pour cranberry mixture through a strainer; reserve liquid for another use.
Whisk flour, ginger, baking powder, and baking soda together in a bowl.
Beat butter and remaining 1 cup white sugar with an electric mixer in a bowl until smooth; beat in egg. Stir drained cranberries into butter mixture; stir in flour mixture until fully incorporated. Cover dough; chill in the refrigerator until moderately firm, about 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Roll dough out on a lightly floured surface about 1/4 inch thick; cut into circles with a round cookie cutter. Place cookies on the prepared baking sheet; sprinkle with maple sugar.
Bake in the preheated oven until light golden on the bottom, about 10 minutes; remove to cool completely on a wire rack.

Submitter: 
Cheerios
Description: 
A bite of ginger with cranberries that would go well with an afternoon tea or lunch. I have made this recipe for a tribute to Canada on July 1st, Canada Day, with maple sugar topping to help us remember our heritage of maple syrup in Canada.
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Cranberry Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
30
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
117 calories
3.3
g fat
21.2
g carbohydrates
1.1
g protein
14
mg cholesterol
78
mg sodium.
