URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/240525/lobster-newberg/?src=VD_Summary
Title:
Lobster Newberg Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4253962.jpg
Ingredients:
4 (4 ounce) lobster tails, split in half
salt to taste
2 tablespoons clarified butter
2 tablespoons sherry wine
1/2 cup heavy whipping cream
2 large egg yolks
1 pinch freshly grated nutmeg
1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste
1 tablespoon chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley, or to taste

Directions:
Season lobster tails with salt.
Heat clarified butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Place tails, meat-side down, in hot butter and saute until just cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate to cool.
Pour sherry into the skillet and bring to a boil while scraping the browned bits of food off of the bottom of the skillet with a wooden spoon. Cook until sherry is reduced by half, about 1 minute. Remove skillet from heat.
Pull meat from shells; discard shells and roughly chop lobster meat. Pour any accumulated juices from the plate into sherry mixture in the skillet.
Whisk cream, eggs yolks, nutmeg, and cayenne pepper together in a bowl.
Whisk cream mixture into sherry mixture, return skillet to medium-low heat, and cook, stirring constantly, until sauce is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, 3 to 7 minutes. Stir lobster into sauce and cook until heated through. Season with parsley and salt.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
This really is a great, and simple recipe. The sauce is pretty rich, so you want something just thick enough to coat the meat, but not so thick that it covers it up. Having said that, if you cook it a little further, until it almost starts to simmer, it will get a bit thicker, if that's your preference. Just don't go too far, or the yolks may start to form curds, and you'll lose the silkiness. Serve over buttered toast or in freshly baked puff pastry shells.
Categories:
Seafood
Shellfish
Lobster

Number of ratings:
22 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.63636350631714
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
297 calories
22.4
g fat
3.6
g carbohydrates
19.6
g protein
227
mg cholesterol
448
mg sodium.
