URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/240562/blue-cheese-lasagna/
Title:
Blue Cheese Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3233767.jpg
Ingredients:
cooking spray
Sauce:
1/2 pound ground beef
1/2 pound lean ground pork
1 (24 ounce) jar spaghetti sauce
2 tablespoons brown sugar
Cheese Layer:
1 cup cottage cheese
1 cup crumbled blue cheese
1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese
1 large egg, lightly beaten
1 tablespoon dried oregano
1 (12 ounce) box no-boil lasagna noodles
6 slices provolone cheese
1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese

Directions:
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Coat the inside of a glass 9x5-inch loaf pan with cooking spray. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.
Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir beef and pork in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes; drain and discard grease. Mix spaghetti sauce and brown sugar into beef-pork mixture until sauce is well blended.
Combine cottage cheese, blue cheese, Parmesan cheese, egg, and oregano in a bowl.
Spread enough sauce into the bottom of the loaf pan to reach 1-inch depth. Break 2 lasagna noodles to fit the length of the loaf pan, slightly overlapping. Spread 1/2 of the cheese mixture over noodle layer. Layer 3 slices provolone, slightly overlapping, over cheese layer. Sprinkle 1/2 of the Cheddar cheese over provolone cheese. Repeat layering with the remaining ingredients ending in a layer of sauce.
Place the loaf pan on the prepared baking sheet and top loaf pan loosely with a piece of aluminum foil.
Bake in the preheated oven until bubbling and cooked through, about 1 1/2 hours. Let stand for 15 minutes before slicing.

Submitter: 
Ginny Maziarka
Description: 
The blue cheese in this recipe lends a creamy quality to the cottage cheese layer and only a subtle, pleasant touch of flavor. There is no mozzarella in this non-traditional lasagna that will have your guests waiting for the recipe handout. (Have it ready!) I have the habit of making way too much lasagna, so this recipe is perfect for keeping my portions under control for our now-empty nest with minimal leftovers. I believe this would work well in a slow cooker, but haven't tried it yet. Don't be afraid of the blue cheese flavor overpowering this recipe - it doesn't!
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
Italian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
601 calories
34.8
g fat
34.9
g carbohydrates
36.5
g protein
128
mg cholesterol
1153
mg sodium.
