URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/240886/orzo-and-octopus-skillet/
Title:
Orzo and Octopus Skillet Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/2037965.jpg
Ingredients:
1 small octopus, at room temperature
water to cover
1/4 cup red wine vinegar
2 cups whole wheat orzo pasta
1 (14.5 ounce) can chicken broth
1 teaspoon cooking oil, or as needed
1 cup chopped yellow bell pepper
1 cup chopped baby bella mushrooms
7 kalamata olives, pitted and chopped
ground black pepper to taste
1 cup torn fresh spinach
1 lemon, juiced, or to taste
2 tablespoons crumbled feta cheese, or to taste

Directions:
Place octopus in a pot and add enough water to cover; add red wine vinegar. Bring liquid to a boil, cover pot, reduce heat to medium, and simmer until a toothpick goes through the thickest part of the octopus smoothly, about 30 minutes. Remove octopus from pot and chop into bite-size pieces. Discard water-vinegar mixture.
Combine orzo and chicken broth in a small pot over medium heat; allow orzo to absorb the chicken broth, adding more water, about 1 tablespoon at a time, if orzo gets too dry. Cook until orzo is tender yet firm to the bite, 5 to 8 minutes; drain.
Heat oil in a skillet over medium-high heat; saute yellow bell pepper, mushrooms, and olives until tender, 5 to 10 minutes. Season bell pepper mixture with black pepper.
Mix orzo, spinach, and octopus into bell pepper mixture until spinach begins to wilt from the heat of the orzo. Add lemon juice to orzo mixture; top with feta cheese.

Submitter: 
Mingh Daniel
Description: 
This colorful meal includes whole wheat orzo, vegetables, and octopus. Prep is relatively easy. You can cook the orzo, saute the vegetables, and boil the octopus at the same time. Enjoy eating healthy.
Categories:
Seafood
Shellfish
Octopus and Squid

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
554 calories
8.9
g fat
65.2
g carbohydrates
50.9
g protein
120
mg cholesterol
1352
mg sodium.
