URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/240947/seafood-rivera/
Title:
Seafood Rivera Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/2191996.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 cup butter, divided
20 sea scallops, or more to taste
16 shrimp, or more to taste, peeled and deveined
20 reconstituted sun-dried tomatoes
1 (14 ounce) can artichoke hearts, drained and chopped
1 cup diced mushrooms
1/4 cup prepared pesto sauce
4 (8 ounce) bottles clam juice
1/2 cup heavy whipping cream
1/2 cup grated Romano cheese
2 tablespoons dry white wine
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon onion powder
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 pinch cayenne pepper
1 teaspoon all-purpose flour, or as needed
1 pound linguine

Directions:
Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a pot over medium-high heat. Saute scallops and shrimp in hot butter until shrimp are pink, about 5 minutes. Stir tomatoes, artichoke hearts, mushrooms, and pesto into shrimp mixture; cook and stir until heated through, about 5 minutes.
Pour clam juice, whipping cream, Romano cheese, white wine, garlic powder, onion powder, black pepper, and linguine into shrimp mixture. Roll remaining butter in flour and add to shrimp mixture and mix well. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer until hot throughout and flavors blend, about 10 minutes.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook linguine at a boil until tender yet firm to the bite, about 11 minutes; drain. Ladle pasta into bowls and spoon shrimp mixture over the top.

Submitter: 
GCROUTHAMEL
Description: 
If you're looking for a seafood dish that will impress your guests, look no further. Here's a seafood pasta that will knock their socks off. It's a little pricey but well worth it. Enjoy! If you have leftovers, toss them together with the linguine and store in the refrigerator; the pasta soaks up the sauce and tastes outstanding!
Categories:
Seafood
Shellfish
Scallops

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
calories
fat
carbohydrates
protein
cholesterol
sodium.
