URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241085/spicy-tofu-stir-fry/
Title:
Spicy Tofu Stir Fry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/3955128.jpg
Ingredients:
⅓ cup lite soy sauce
1 tablespoon Thai garlic chile paste
2 cloves garlic, diced
2 teaspoons cayenne pepper
1 ½ teaspoons diced fresh ginger
½ (16 ounce) package linguine-style rice noodles
3 tablespoons olive oil
1 (12 ounce) package extra-firm tofu, cut into 1/2-inch cubes
3  green onions, minced
1 cup snow peas
½  green bell pepper, sliced
½  red bell pepper, sliced

Directions:
Whisk soy sauce, garlic chile paste, garlic, cayenne pepper, and ginger together in a small bowl until chile paste is completely dissolved.
Place noodles in a large bowl and cover with hot water. Set aside until noodles are softened, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and rinse.
Heat oil in a large wok over medium heat. Cook and stir tofu cubes in hot oil until browned on all sides, 3 to 6 minutes. Stir green onion into tofu; cook and stir until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Pour 1/2 of the soy sauce mixture over tofu mixture; bring to a simmer and cook until sauce reduces, about 5 minutes.
Stir snow peas, green bell pepper, and red bell pepper into tofu mixture; cook and stir until vegetables are heated through, about 5 minutes. Pour remaining soy sauce mixture over the top; cook and stir until liquid reduces and vegetables are tender yet still crisp to the bite, about 5 minutes. Add rice noodles to tofu mixture and toss to coat; cook until noodles are heated through and flavors combine, 2 to 5 minutes.

Submitter: 
Leah
Description: 
This is a very hot and spicy tofu recipe that I made up one night for a change. My husband loves it and he's the typical steak-and-potatoes kind of guy!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
17 Ratings
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
834 calories
31.3
g fat
115.2
g carbohydrates
25.4
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
1708
mg sodium.
