URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241090/quick-ginger-pork-stir-fry/
Title:
Quick Ginger Pork Stir Fry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3352096.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons soy sauce
2 tablespoons cider vinegar
2 tablespoons brown sugar
1 tablespoon hoisin sauce
2 cloves garlic, chopped
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoons sesame oil, divided
1 1/2 pounds boneless pork chops, cut into stir-fry strips
1 red bell pepper, diced
1/2 onion, diced
1 (12 ounce) package frozen stir-fry vegetables
1 (8 ounce) can sliced water chestnuts, drained
2 teaspoons ground ginger
1 teaspoon red pepper flakes (optional)

Directions:
Whisk soy sauce, cider vinegar, brown sugar, hoisin sauce, garlic, and salt together in a large glass or ceramic bowl until marinade is smooth. Transfer 1 tablespoon marinade to a separate small bowl. Add pork to remaining marinade in the large bowl and toss to coat. Let marinate briefly, about 10 minutes.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over high heat until glistening. Cook and stir pork pieces in hot oil until browned on all sides, about 2 minutes. Transfer pork to a plate and return skillet to heat.
Stir red bell pepper and onion into the same skillet and drizzle remaining oil over the top. Cook and stir until vegetables are slightly softened, about 2 minutes. Add frozen vegetables and water chestnuts to onion mixture, drizzle 1 tablespoon reserved marinade over the top and sprinkle with ginger and red pepper flakes. Cook and stir until vegetables are tender yet still crisp to the bite, about 5 minutes. Return pork to skillet; cook and stir until heated through, about 1 minute more.

Submitter: 
vjwatkins
Description: 
I was looking for a new way to serve pork to my family that was quick and easy. I altered several different recipes to our tastes and finally came up with this keeper. My teenage son was disappointed that we didn't have Mexican that night, but once he tasted this he ate two full plates.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.375
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
252 calories
12.3
g fat
19.1
g carbohydrates
17
g protein
39
mg cholesterol
906
mg sodium.
