URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241168/asparagus-omelette/
Title:
Asparagus Omelette Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/2147619.jpg
Ingredients:
6 strips bacon
10 stalks asparagus, trimmed
1 teaspoon vegetable oil, or as needed
1/3 red onion, diced
1/2 tomato, diced
3 button mushrooms, sliced
5 eggs
3 tablespoons heavy whipping cream
1 pinch freshly ground nutmeg
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1/2 cup grated mozzarella cheese

Directions:
Place bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain bacon slices on paper towels. Crumble bacon pieces.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add asparagus and cook until tender yet firm to the bite, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain.
Heat vegetable oil in a skillet over medium-high heat; saute onion, tomato, and mushrooms until tender, about 5 minutes.
Whisk eggs and cream together in a bowl; add bacon, sauteed vegetables, asparagus, nutmeg, salt, and pepper.
Pour egg mixture into an oven-proof nonstick skillet and cover skillet. Cook over medium-low until cooked through, 10 to 12 minutes. Sprinkle mozzarella cheese over omelette.
Set oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler.
Broil omelette in the preheated oven until a golden crust starts to form on the top, about 2 minutes.

Submitter: 
the newdy foodies
Description: 
Who knew asparagus and eggs tasted so good together? Fantastic for lazy Sunday mornings (that turn into afternoons) or a quick dinner. The Master Omelettier's secret to a gorgeous and fluffy omelette is to cook covered on medium-low until the final step - adding cheese and broiling in the oven for 2 minutes, or until brown.  For the fearless cook and the adventurous eater, consider adding some smoked salmon flavored cream cheese. Enjoy with toast or fresh croissants. Bon appetite!
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Eggs
Omelets

Number of ratings:
8 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.375
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
538 calories
39.6
g fat
10.2
g carbohydrates
36.6
g protein
544
mg cholesterol
1088
mg sodium.
