URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241147/shrimp-and-chicken-miso-ramen/
Title:
Shrimp and Chicken Miso Ramen Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/4459000.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon wakame (dried seaweed), or to taste
2 teaspoons vegetable oil, or as needed
1 large chicken breast, cut into strips
3 ½ ounces shrimp
1 pint cold water
1 teaspoon dashi powder, or to taste
1 ½ cups rice vermicelli, or to taste
2 tablespoons white miso paste, or more to taste
1 cup hot water, as needed (optional)
3 (3 ounce) fillets imitation seafood sticks, sliced into strips
1  fresh red chile pepper, minced
2 tablespoons soy sauce
1 tablespoon sesame seeds
2  spring onions, chopped

Directions:
Soak wakame in a bowl of cold water; set aside.
Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat; cook and stir chicken and shrimp until chicken is no longer pink in the center and shrimp is bright pink, 5 to 10 minutes.
Bring 1 pint cold water to a boil and stir in dashi powder; reduce heat to medium and add vermicelli. Mix miso paste and about 2 tablespoons hot dashi broth together in a bowl; pour back into broth and stir until miso is incorporated. Keep liquid at a simmer until noodles are tender, about 2 minutes. Add 1 cup hot water to broth if taste is too strong.
Drain wakame. Add wakame, chicken-shrimp mixture, seafood sticks, red chile pepper, soy sauce, and sesame seeds to broth and mix well. Transfer mixture to serving bowls and top with spring onions.

Submitter: 
Wes
Description: 
Absolutely delicious, light, healthy Japanese-style noodles in a miso broth, with seared shrimp and chicken. 

Quick, easy and so good, you will love. I guarantee.

 Some of the ingredients might be difficult to find if you live outside a city, but it's absolutely worth going to an Asian/Japanese supermarket to find them! Also, they tend to keep well - so spend $10 on them now and you can make this lots of times.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
2 Ratings
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
35 mins
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
460 calories
9
g fat
57.7
g carbohydrates
37.5
g protein
109
mg cholesterol
1869
mg sodium.
