URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241431/steak-summer-rolls/
Title:
Steak Summer Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/2434078.jpg
Ingredients:
Pickles:
1 1/4 cups seasoned rice vinegar
1/2 cup water
2 tablespoons white sugar
1 tablespoon fish sauce
1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes
2 large carrots, peeled and cut into 3x1/8-inch matchstick strips
1/2 daikon radish, peeled and cut into 3x1/8-inch matchstick strips
Steak:
3 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce
1 tablespoon white sugar
2 teaspoons minced garlic
1 pound flat iron steaks
2 tablespoons vegetable oil, or as needed
Rolls:
6 (8 1/2-inch) rice paper wrappers
6 large soft-leaf lettuce leaves (such as Bibb or Boston)
3 cups loosely packed fresh cilantro sprigs
Dipping Sauce:
1/4 cup peanut butter
1 teaspoon Sriracha hot sauce

Directions:
Combine vinegar, water, 2 tablespoons sugar, fish sauce, and red pepper flakes in a glass, ceramic, or stainless steel bowl; stir until sugar is dissolved. Add carrots and daikon radish. Put a plate on top to weigh down vegetables and refrigerate for 4 hours or overnight.
Combine soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sugar, and garlic in a shallow baking dish; stir until sugar is dissolved. Add steak, pressing down until steak is covered in marinade, and refrigerate for 4 hours or overnight.
Heat a ridged grill pan over high heat; add oil. Remove steak from marinade and discard marinade. Grill steak until desired doneness is reached, 6 to 10 minutes per side. Transfer steak to a cutting board and cool. Slice across grain into 24 thin slices.
Drain carrot and daikon radishes, reserving 1/2 cup pickling liquid.
Fill a shallow bowl with warm water. Dip 1 rice paper sheet into water to soften, about 5 seconds. Transfer sheet to a work surface. Arrange 2 pieces of lettuce over the half of wrapper closest to you. Top each lettuce leaf half with 2 slices of steak. Add about 1/4 cup carrot and daikon pickles and a few cilantro sprigs. Starting with bottom edge, begin to roll up rice paper sheet tightly around filling. After 1 roll, fold in ends of rice paper like a burrito, then finish rolling. Repeat with remaining wrappers and filling. Diagonally cut rolls in half crosswise and arrange on a serving platter.
Whisk peanut butter, reserved pickling liquid, and sriracha hot sauce together in a bowl; serve on the side with rolls.

Submitter: 
RuthE
Description: 
It's worth seeking out flat-iron steak for this. Butchers used to set it aside for their own enjoyment, but it's now gained popularity with smart home cooks, too. Like most chuck steaks, it's full of flavor and reasonably priced.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Wraps and Rolls

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
4 h 55 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
179 calories
9.5
g fat
14.4
g carbohydrates
10.2
g protein
26
mg cholesterol
836
mg sodium.
