URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241534/slow-cooker-pulled-chicken-tacos/
Title:
Slow Cooker Pulled Chicken Tacos Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1  <sup>&reg;</sup>eynolds(<sup>&reg;</sup>) Slow Cooker Liner
1 ½ pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs (or mix of thighs and breasts)
1 teaspoon salt, divided
½ teaspoon crushed black pepper, divided
1 small onion, diced
4 cloves garlic, crushed
1  jalapeno, halved*
¾ cup orange juice
2  limes, juiced
1 tablespoon soy sauce
2 teaspoons ground cumin
1 small bunch cilantro, stems cut off and leaves coarsely chopped
12  corn tortillas
Serving suggestions: diced red onion, chopped cilantro leaves, fresh lime juice

Directions:
Line a 4-6 quart slow cooker with a Reynolds(R) Slow Cooker Liner.
Trim any large pieces of fat from chicken thighs.  Season chicken with half the salt and pepper; add to slow cooker.
Add onion, garlic, jalapeno, orange juice, lime juice, soy sauce, cumin, and the remaining salt and pepper to slow cooker.  Stir gently with a wooden or silicon spoon to combine.
Cover and cook on high setting for 2 to 3 hours or low-heat setting for 4 to5 hours, until chicken is done.
Carefully remove lid to allow steam to escape.  Use slotted spoon to transfer chicken to a large bowl or cutting board. Shred into bite-size chunks.  The chicken should easily shred when it is cooked through.
Ladle out some of the juices from the slow cooker, leaving enough to mix with shredded chicken.
Spoon shredded chicken back into lined slow cooker.  Season to taste with additional salt, pepper, and cumin, if necessary.
Warm tortillas in oven or on stove top.
To serve, top each tortilla with shredded chicken, diced red onion, chopped cilantro, and a squeeze of fresh lime juice.

Submitter: 
Reynolds Kitchens(R)
Description: 
Tacos always keep the family running home for dinner. Here's a new take on classic pulled chicken tacos, with a hint of sweet orange, tangy lime and savory soy sauce. There's minimal chopping and prep work, so you can get out of the kitchen fast. Use a slow cooker liner in this recipe to make clean-up even easier.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
94 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.52
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
4 hrs 10 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
324 calories
13
g fat
31.5
g carbohydrates
21.7
g protein
64
mg cholesterol
620
mg sodium.
