URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241596/spice-rubbed-flattened-roast-chicken/
Title:
Spice Rubbed Flattened Roast Chicken Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
⅓ cup Gay Lea Spreadables Butter, Cinnamon & Brown Sugar
1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger
1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest
2 teaspoons ground cumin
2 cloves garlic, minced
½ teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon pepper
1 (2 1/2 to 3 pound) whole chicken
1 pound baby potatoes
2 large carrots, scrubbed and sliced
2 large parsnips, scrubbed and sliced
2  green onions, roughly chopped

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Blend Spreadables butter with ginger, lemon zest, cumin, garlic, salt, and pepper until well combined; set aside.
Place chicken, back-side-up, with neck facing away on a cutting board. Use a chef's knife or poultry shears to cut along each side of the backbone. Remove and discard backbone. Turn chicken over; turn legs drumsticks-inward and press on breastbone to flatten. Place chicken, cut-side-down in a roasting pan.
Melt 3 tablespoons (45 mL) butter mixture; toss with potatoes, carrots, parsnips, and green onions. Scatter around chicken.
Carefully loosen skin over breast meat, legs, and thighs using fingertips. Spread remaining butter mixture evenly under and over skin of chicken.
Roast, basting occasionally, for 60 to 75 minutes (or until an instant-read thermometer registers 165 degrees F/74 degrees C in thigh and breast meat).
Cover and rest for 10 minutes. Carve chicken into portions and serve with vegetables.

Submitter: 
Gay Lea Foods Co-operative(R)
Description: 
This Moroccan-inspired roast chicken will become your new favourite Sunday night dinner. Making the whole meal in a roasting pan means you can just pop it in the oven and forget about it!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
2 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 30 mins
Number of servings: 
10 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
458 calories
22.8
g fat
33.2
g carbohydrates
30.8
g protein
102
mg cholesterol
343
mg sodium.
