URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241679/salpicon/
Title:
Salpicon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 (3 pound) beef brisket, trimmed
2 (12 ounce) cans tomato paste
water to cover
1 onion, halved
1 large carrot, quartered
1 stalk celery, quartered
1 cup chopped fresh cilantro, divided
2 cloves garlic, chopped
4 ounces chipotle peppers in adobo sauce
1/3 cup apple cider vinegar
1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil
1 onion, minced
1 large tomato, chopped
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 (12 ounce) package warm corn tortillas, or as needed
1/2 pound Monterey Jack cheese, shredded

Directions:
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C).
Sprinkle kosher salt and 1 teaspoon black pepper over the fatty side of brisket. Spread tomato paste over entire brisket. Place brisket, fat-side up, in a heavy pot; pour in enough water to cover brisket. Add halved onion, carrot, celery, 1/2 of the cilantro, and garlic to the pot. Bring liquid to a boil. Cover pot with a lid or aluminum foil and transfer to oven.
Bake in the preheated oven until brisket is very tender, about 6 hours.
Blend chipotle peppers in adobo sauce in a a food processor until finely chopped. Add vinegar to peppers and continue processing; drizzle olive oil into mixture until smooth.
Remove brisket from liquid and cool slightly. Slice meat across the grain into 2-inch slices; shred thoroughly with a fork.
Combine shredded meat, chopped onion, tomato, remaining cilantro, and pepper mixture in a large bowl; season with salt and pepper. Serve meat mixture with corn tortillas and top meat with Monterey Jack cheese.

Submitter: 
aalowrie
Description: 
This is a very versatile recipe that can be served warm or chilled. I have used this for many catering jobs and always have requests for the recipe.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Latin American
Mexican

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
6 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
324 calories
18.3
g fat
23.3
g carbohydrates
18
g protein
50
mg cholesterol
653
mg sodium.
