URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241675/jewels-chicken-giardino/
Title:
Jewel's Chicken Giardino Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F3480260.jpg
Ingredients:
2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, cut into 1/2-inch strips
¼ cup extra-virgin olive oil
½  lemon, juiced
2 small sprigs fresh rosemary, chopped
1 clove garlic
2 tablespoons butter
2 teaspoons garlic pepper seasoning
½ teaspoon dried thyme
½ teaspoon dried rosemary
½ cup chicken broth
½ cup water
½ cup white wine
2 tablespoons milk
2 teaspoons lemon juice
2 tablespoons cornstarch
1 teaspoon sea salt and ground black pepper to taste
¼ cup extra-virgin olive oil
1 bunch fresh asparagus, cut into 1-inch pieces
2  Roma (plum) tomatoes, diced
1 cup broccoli florets
1 cup spinach, cut into 1/2-inch pieces
1  zucchini, cut into rounds
1 pound yellow squash, cut into rounds
½  red bell pepper, cut into strips
½ cup frozen peas
½ cup matchstick-cut carrots
1 (16 ounce) package farfalle (bow tie) pasta

Directions:
Combine chicken, 1/4 cup olive oil, 1/2 juiced lemon, chopped fresh rosemary, and garlic in a bowl; marinate chicken in refrigerator, at least 30 minutes.
Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Stir garlic pepper, thyme, and dried rosemary into melted butter and cook for 1 minute.
Whisk chicken broth, water, wine, milk, and 4 teaspoons lemon juice together in a bowl. Add cornstarch and whisk until lumps have dissolved; pour into butter mixture. Whisk sauce and bring to a boil; season with salt and pepper and remove saucepan from heat.
Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat; add 1/4 cup olive oil. Remove chicken from marinade, discarding the marinade. Cook and stir chicken in the hot olive oil until no longer pink in the center, about 8 minutes. Add asparagus, tomatoes, broccoli, spinach, zucchini, yellow squash, red bell pepper, peas, and carrots to chicken; cook and stir until vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook the bow-tie pasta at a boil, stirring occasionally, until cooked through yet firm to the bite, about 12 minutes; drain.
Mix pasta and sauce in with chicken and vegetables; stir until evenly combined.

Submitter: 
RainbowJewels
Description: 
In Italian, giardino means garden. This Italian-inspired dish is loaded with fresh garden veggies and tossed in a delicious white wine and herb sauce. 
It's light and satisfying, and it tastes just like a meal that used to be served at a popular restaurant chain. This feeds a crowd too!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
13 Ratings
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 20 mins
Number of servings: 
30 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
547 calories
21.4
g fat
52.6
g carbohydrates
34.6
g protein
73
mg cholesterol
506
mg sodium.
