URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241747/parmesan-black-cod-with-arugula-and-tomato-topping/
Title:
Parmesan Black Cod with Arugula and Tomato Topping Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3605482.jpg
Ingredients:
Tomato Topping:
2 cups chopped vine-ripened tomatoes
1/4 cup chopped fresh basil
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
2 tablespoons Pinot Gris
2 tablespoons minced red onion
1/2 teaspoon minced garlic
1/4 teaspoon salt (optional)
ground black pepper to taste (optional)
Black Cod:
cooking spray
1 pound black cod fillets
4 teaspoons Dijon mustard
4 teaspoons butter, melted
1 bunch arugula
3/4 cup shredded Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Combine tomatoes, basil, olive oil, Pinot Gris, onion, garlic, salt, and black pepper together in a bowl; refrigerate until flavors blend, about 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Spray a rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray.
Place black cod, skin-side down, on the prepared baking sheet. Mix Dijon mustard and butter together in a small bowl.
Bake in the preheated oven for 5 minutes. Flip fish and brush mustard-butter over fish, coating the surface completely. Continue baking fish until it flakes easily with a fork, 5 to 6 minutes. Cut fish into 4 pieces.
Spread arugula onto serving plates. Arrange fish onto the arugula and top with tomato mixture and Parmesan cheese.

Submitter: 
Richard Denker
Description: 
This has become our favorite fish recipe. Besides being very tasty, it is a quick and easy recipe.
 We use black cod (US name) or sablefish. Pollock can be used.
 A while ago I found a similar recipe in a grocery store; it was good but need some tweaking. Basically I toned down the tomato topping, increased the Parmesan, decreased the mustard sauce and modified the cook time. In our opinion these changes made a better balance of flavors.
 Despite the four serving count, we found that one pound of black cod is just about the right amount for the two of us.
 Serve with Pinot Gris and French bread.
Categories:
Seafood
Fish

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
430 calories
33.2
g fat
8.5
g carbohydrates
23.6
g protein
80
mg cholesterol
614
mg sodium.
