URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241845/lebanese-restaurant-rice-pilaf/
Title:
Lebanese Restaurant Rice Pilaf Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/2218278.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cups parboiled long-grain white rice
1/2 cup butter, divided
1/4 cup olive oil, divided
1/2 cup orzo pasta
4 cups water
1 tablespoon salt
1 tablespoon slivered almonds, or to taste
1 tablespoon tahini

Directions:
Soak rice in a bowl of water for 10 minutes; drain and rinse until the water runs clear.
Heat 1/4 cup butter and 2 tablespoons olive oil together in a skillet over medium heat; cook and stir orzo until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Add drained rice and increase heat to medium-high. Cook and stir orzo-rice mixture until rice is coated in butter-oil mixture and starts to turn translucent, about 5 minutes.
Pour water over rice mixture and season with salt; stir and bring to a boil. Cover skillet, reduce heat to low, and simmer until rice is fluffy and tender yet firm, about 20 minutes.
Heat remaining olive oil in a separate skillet over medium heat; cook and stir almonds until toasted and fragrant, about 5 minutes. Add remaining butter and stir in tahini until almonds are evenly coated. Mix almond mixture into rice mixture.

Submitter: 
NELLYDESIGN
Description: 
Took me three tries but I finally nailed a restaurant style Lebanese rice pilaf. Nothing I tried online came close to this and I guess the secret is the right kind of rice, the right rice/water ratio and of course, plenty of butter and oil! Find yourself a good Lebanese yogurt marinade, grill some meats, and get a hold of some hummus. If you're from Southeast Michigan or anywhere else with a large Middle Eastern population, you will feel like you're eating at your favorite place! Trust me.
Categories:
Side Dish
Rice
Pilaf

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.25
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
203 calories
13.4
g fat
18
g carbohydrates
2.8
g protein
20
mg cholesterol
641
mg sodium.
