URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241891/lofthouse-sugar-cookie-rip-off/
Title:
Lofthouse® Sugar Cookie Rip-Off Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 cups white sugar
1 cup butter, softened
3 eggs
1 1/2 cups sour cream
1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract
5 cups all-purpose flour, or more as needed
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda

Directions:
Beat sugar and butter together with an electric mixer in a large bowl until smooth. Add eggs one at a time, allowing each egg to blend into the butter mixture before adding the next. Beat sour cream and vanilla extract with the last egg.
Mix 5 cups flour, baking soda, and baking powder together in a separate bowl; beat with the creamy mixture until just incorporated into a dough. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate 8 hours to overnight.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line baking sheets with parchment paper.
Turn dough out onto a floured sheet of waxed paper on a flat work surface. Sprinkle flour on top of dough and put another sheet of waxed paper atop the dough. Roll dough out to 1/4- to 3/8-inch thick, using additional flour to keep dough from sticking and to get the best consistency for rolling. Cut rolled dough with cookie cutters into desired shapes and arrange onto prepared baking sheets.
Bake in preheated oven until set along the edges, about 8 minutes. Cool cookies on baking sheet for 10 minutes before moving to a wire rack to cool completely.

Submitter: 
COOKIELOVER2
Description: 
This recipe is similar to the sugar cookies purchased at bakeries.  Roll them no more than 1/4 inch for true lofthouse, thicker if you like a more cake-like cookie. These do not brown on the edges, but when cooled, you will notice the light golden brown underneath. This is a delicate flavor cookie, not sugary sweet. The sweetness will come from the icing that you choose to use; confectioners' sugar mixed with milk is your best bet.
Categories:
Desserts
Cookies
Sugar Cookies

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3.5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
8 h 33 m
Number of servings: 
36
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
178 calories
7.7
g fat
24.9
g carbohydrates
2.7
g protein
33
mg cholesterol
96
mg sodium.
