URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241949/cheesy-brunch-strata-with-soy-sausage-and-spinach/
Title:
Cheesy Brunch Strata with Soy Sausage and Spinach Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3925038.jpg
Ingredients:
vegetable oil cooking spray
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 pound spinach
1 pinch salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 quart milk
12 eggs
1 teaspoon salt
freshly ground black pepper, or to taste
1 sourdough baguette, sliced
1 pound soy sausages, cut into cubes
6 ounces shredded extra-sharp Cheddar cheese
6 ounces shredded low-fat mozzarella cheese
1/2 cup thinly sliced scallions

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Set an oven rack in the center position of the oven. Prepare a 13x9-inch baking dish with cooking spray.
Heat oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Saute spinach in hot oil until wilted, 2 to 3 minutes; season with salt and pepper to taste.
Beat milk, eggs, 1 teaspoon salt, and freshly ground black pepper together in a bowl until smooth.
Line the bottom of the prepared baking dish with half the baguette slices. Spread about half the sausage cubes and half the sauteed spinach over the bread layer. Sprinkle 3 ounces Cheddar cheese, 3 ounces mozzarella cheese, and 1/4 cup scallions over the sausage and spinach. Pour 1 cup of the milk mixture over everything. Arrange remaining bread in a layer over the ingredients in the baking dish. Repeat layering of sausage, spinach, Cheddar cheese, mozzarella cheese, and green onions, respectively. Pour remaining milk mixture over the dish to soak ingredients completely.
Cover dish with plastic wrap. Weigh plastic wrap down with 3 soup cans to keep top of strata immersed in liquid. Let sit at room temperature for 15 minutes.
Bake in preheated oven until set in the center, about 50 minutes. Switch oven to Broil and continue cooking until the top of the strata begins to puff and turn brown in spots, about 5 minutes more. Let strata cool 8 to 10 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
kristenekane
Description: 
When I plan brunch for a crowd, strata is one of the first dishes on my list. And I'm not alone in loving this easy breakfast casserole. So enjoy creating your own combinations using ingredients that are in season or on hand, and be prepared for compliments.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Eggs
Breakfast Strata

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
349 calories
18.7
g fat
18.9
g carbohydrates
25.8
g protein
215
mg cholesterol
1113
mg sodium.
