URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241928/peanut-butter-rice-krispies-treat-eggs/
Title:
Peanut Butter Rice Krispies® Treat Eggs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/2214995.jpg
Ingredients:
Yolk:
1 cup confectioners' sugar
2 tablespoons softened butter
2 tablespoons corn syrup
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 pinch salt
yellow food coloring
Rice Krispies® Treats:
6 tablespoons butter, softened
1 (10 ounce) package marshmallows
1/2 cup peanut butter
6 cups crispy rice cereal (such as Rice Krispies®)
1/4 teaspoon kosher salt
1 (12 ounce) bag semisweet chocolate chips

Directions:
Beat confectioners' sugar, 2 tablespoons butter, corn syrup, vanilla extract, pinch salt, and yellow food coloring together in a bowl until smooth, adding food coloring as necessary until your desired "yolk" color is reached. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate until cold, at least 30 minutes.
Melt 6 tablespoons butter in a pot over medium-high heat until butter turns golden and has a nutty fragrance, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low, add marshmallows and peanut butter, and cook and stir until marshmallows and peanut butter are melted and mixture is well-combined. Remove from heat.
Stir rice cereal and kosher salt into marshmallow mixture until cereal treat mixture is well-combined. Cool to room temperature.
Roll "yolk" mixture into gumball-size balls, about 1/2 teaspoon "yolk" mixture per ball. Scoop about 1/3 cup cereal treat mixture into your hand and form it into a 2-inch round; press an indentation into the center with your finger and place 1 "yolk" in the indentation. Wrap the cereal treat around the "yolk" and squeeze firmly to form an egg shape. Repeat with remaining cereal treat mixture and "yolks." Set completed "eggs" on a plate and refrigerate until firmed, at least 15 minutes.
Melt chocolate in the top of a double boiler over simmering water, stirring frequently and scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula to avoid scorching. Use 2 forks to dip each cereal "egg" into chocolate to coat completely. Place finished eggs on a plate and refrigerate until chocolate sets, at least 15 minutes.

Submitter: 
Ashley Baron Rodriguez
Description: 
Move over creme eggs, there's a new Easter treat that is sure to become as iconic as your creamy center. 
A crisp peanut butter Rice Krispies® treat surrounds a surprising candy 'yolk' center, while the sweetness is offset with an eggshell made up of dark chocolate. Of course, if you'd like the treats to look more egg-like you could cover them in white chocolate. You can also use your favorite Rice Krispies® treat recipe in place of the one here.
Categories:
Desserts
Chocolate

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.80000019073486
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
226 calories
10.8
g fat
32.2
g carbohydrates
2.4
g protein
10
mg cholesterol
149
mg sodium.
