URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241943/stoplight-sausage-pasta/
Title:
Stoplight Sausage Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 pound turkey Italian sausage, casings removed
1 (16 ounce) package sliced fresh mushrooms
1 green bell pepper, chopped
1 red bell pepper, chopped
1 yellow bell pepper, chopped
1/2 large onion, chopped
2 tablespoons minced garlic
1/2 cup dry white wine
1 (14.5 ounce) can beef broth
1 tablespoon Italian seasoning
1 teaspoon red pepper flakes (optional)
16 ounces whole wheat rigatoni
1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir turkey sausage in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes; drain and discard grease. Add mushrooms, green bell pepper, red bell pepper, yellow bell pepper, onion, and garlic; cook and stir until liquid from mushrooms has evaporated and mushrooms are tender, 5 to 10 minutes.
Pour white wine into sausage mixture and cook until wine reduces, about 5 minutes. Add beef broth and Italian seasoning; simmer until liquid reduces by half, about 15 minutes. Stir red pepper flakes into sausage mixture and simmer for 5 minutes more.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook rigatoni in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until cooked through but firm to the bite, about 13 minutes. Drain and transfer to a serving bowl.
Spoon sausage mixture over pasta and top with Parmesan cheese.

Submitter: 
MELLOWED4
Description: 
A colorful, light, and savory combination of peppers and sausage tossed with your favorite pasta. A perfect recipe to freshen up your weeknight dinner routine. Provides a healthy alternative to traditional red sauced pasta dishes. 'Stoplight' refers to the use of green, yellow, and red bell peppers. This dish pairs nicely with garlic breadsticks and a tossed green salad with Italian dressing.
Categories:
Main Dish
Pasta

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
503 calories
12.2
g fat
66.2
g carbohydrates
30.2
g protein
63
mg cholesterol
970
mg sodium.
