URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/242262/roasted-potato-fries-with-avocado-aioli/
Title:
Roasted Potato Fries with Avocado Aioli Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/2222428.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 pounds fingerling potatoes, scrubbed and cut in half lengthwise
2 tablespoons olive oil
3/4 teaspoon paprika
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1/4 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper
Avocado Aioli:
2 ripe avocados
1/4 cup sour cream
2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil
1 tablespoon minced garlic
2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice
1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes
Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste

Directions:
For the Roasted Potato Fries: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. On a large baking sheet, combine the fingerling potatoes, olive oil, paprika, salt, garlic powder and pepper. Toss to combine until the potatoes are evenly coated with the spice mixture and olive oil.
Transfer the baking sheet into the oven and roast for 25 to 30 minutes until the potatoes are crispy on the outside and tender on the inside.
For the Avocado Aioli: Cut the avocados in half lengthwise. Remove the pit from the avocado and discard. Remove the avocado from the skin and place the avocado flesh onto a cutting board. Cut the avocado into 1-inch pieces and transfer the avocado to a blender.
Add the sour cream, basil, garlic, lemon juice, red pepper flakes and a pinch of salt and pepper into the blender and process until smooth.
Taste and add salt and lemon juice if needed. If the mixture is too thick, add a teaspoon of water and blend until smooth.
Serve with warm Roasted Potato Fries.

Submitter: 
Potato Goodness
Description: 
This Roasted Potato Fries with Avocado Aioli recipe is courtesy of What's Gaby Cooking as part of the U.S Potato Board's Potato Lovers Club. It's easy to make and great for entertaining or as a delicious weeknight side.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
U.S. Potato Board

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.25
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
261 calories
16.5
g fat
27.4
g carbohydrates
4.2
g protein
4
mg cholesterol
237
mg sodium.
