URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/242362/butterflied-roast-chicken-with-lemon-and-rosemary/
Title:
Butterflied Roast Chicken with Lemon and Rosemary Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/2251789.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon olive oil, or as needed
1 (3 pound) whole chicken, backbone removed
kosher salt and ground black pepper to taste
1  lemon, sliced into rounds
4 sprigs fresh rosemary
½ cup white wine

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a rimmed baking pan with aluminum foil. Place a rack on top of foil.
Rub olive oil on both sides of chicken and generously season with salt and black pepper. Arrange lemon slices and rosemary on the rack and place chicken, skin-side up, onto the rack.
Roast in the preheated oven until no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, 45 to 55 minutes.  An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh, near the bone should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Transfer chicken to a serving platter and tent a piece of aluminum foil over it. Discard lemon and rosemary and remove rack.
Pour wine into the baking pan and gently loosen the bits of food in the pan with a wooden spoon, being careful not to tear the foil. Strain pan juices into a saucepan and bring to a boil; cook until sauce is slightly reduced, about 5 minutes. Spoon sauce over chicken.

Submitter: 
foodelicious
Description: 
Want to cook whole chicken quicker and more evenly? Remove the backbone with a knife or kitchen scissors to flatten the chicken. The breast meat doesn't dry out, the dark meat is tender and juicy, and there's lots of crispy golden skin to enjoy. Here, it's simply roasted with lemon and rosemary, but butterflied chicken is especially good on the grill.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
17 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.59
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
283 calories
11.8
g fat
2.6
g carbohydrates
37.1
g protein
113
mg cholesterol
178
mg sodium.
