URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/244144/chicken-piccata-with-fettuccine/
Title:
Chicken Piccata with Fettuccine Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/4554028.jpg
Ingredients:
6 ounces fettuccine
¼ cup all-purpose flour
½ teaspoon lemon-pepper seasoning
1 pound chicken breasts, cut into four 1/2-inch thick pieces
2 tablespoons olive oil
⅓ cup white wine
2 tablespoons lemon juice
2 tablespoons water
½ teaspoon chicken bouillon granules
1 tablespoon capers, rinsed and drained (optional)
½  lemon, cut into wedges, or as desired (optional)
4 sprigs fresh parsley, or as desired (optional)

Directions:
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil. Stir in the fettuccine, bring back to a boil, and cook pasta over medium heat until cooked through but still firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Drain.
Whisk flour and lemon-pepper seasoning together in a shallow bowl; dredge chicken through mixture until evenly coated, shaking excess back into bowl.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat; cook chicken until light golden brown and no longer pink in the center, 6 to 10 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Transfer chicken to a plate, retaining oil mixture in the skillet.
Mix white wine, lemon juice, water, and chicken bouillon granules into oil mixture in the skillet. Bring liquid to a boil while scraping the browned bits of food off of the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon until sauce is slightly reduced, 2 to 4 minutes. Stir capers into sauce.
Divide pasta among serving plates; top with chicken. Spoon sauce over chicken and garnish with lemon wedges and parsley.

Submitter: 
Kate
Description: 
Mmm...A yummy pasta dish that stays in the limits of pasta town but still very hearty and healthy meal. This meal is easy to prepare and good to make for a nice fall or summer lunch.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
12 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.42
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
40 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
397 calories
9.5
g fat
41.2
g carbohydrates
33.8
g protein
66
mg cholesterol
262
mg sodium.
