URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/244166/gluten-free-dehydrated-rosemary-and-cranberry-crisps-/
Title:
Gluten-Free Dehydrated Rosemary and Cranberry Crisps  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/2320799.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups almonds
3/4 cup chopped hemp seeds
1/2 cup chia seeds
2 tablespoons dried rosemary
4 packets stevia powder
1 tablespoon garlic and dried vegetable seasoning
Himalayan salt and cracked black pepper to taste
1 cup coconut flour
1 cup minced dried cranberries
1 1/2 large bananas
1 Gala apple, cored and chopped
2 figs
1/2 cup finely chopped cabbage
1/2 cup finely chopped kale

Directions:
Place almonds in a bowl and pour in enough water to cover; let soak, 8 hours to overnight. Drain and mince almonds.
Combine almonds, hemp seeds, chia seeds, rosemary, stevia powder, garlic and vegetable seasoning, salt, and black pepper together in a large bowl.
Pulse coconut flour and dried cranberries together in a food processor until evenly combined; add to seed mixture. Pulse bananas, apple, figs, cabbage, and kale together in a food processor until pureed; add to seed mixture. Mix seed mixture together using your hands until dough is well mixed; let stand for 30 minutes.
Divide dough in half and place each half onto a sheet of parchment paper. Top each roll with another sheet of parchment paper. Roll dough using a rolling pin until thin; cut into squares and transfer to a food dehydrator using a spatula.
Dehydrate crackers, rotating racks as needed, according to manufacturer's instructions until crisp, 8 to 10 hours. Store immediately in air-tight bags.

Submitter: 
sweetpea48507
Description: 
Trying to eat healthier and this is a new crisp-type cracker which maintains high nutritional values. It combines natural proteins fruits and vegetables. Kids won't notice the kale.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Snacks
Crackers

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
17 h
Number of servings: 
35
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
85 calories
5.2
g fat
8.2
g carbohydrates
3
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
23
mg sodium.
