URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/244168/chocolate-chip-coconut-no-bake-granola-bars/
Title:
Chocolate Chip Coconut No-Bake Granola Bars Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6393855.jpg
Ingredients:
12 ounces dates, pitted
1/4 cup water, or as needed
3 cups rolled oats
2 cups unsweetened shredded coconut
2 cups miniature chocolate chips
1 1/2 cups whole raw almonds
2/3 cup pumpkin seeds
1/2 cup salted sunflower seeds
1 tablespoon ground cinnamon
1 cup almond butter
1 cup unsweetened applesauce
1 teaspoon vanilla extract

Directions:
Line a 9x13-inch baking dish with waxed paper so that the paper hangs over the edges of dish.
Combine dates and water in a food processor or blender; process until a paste forms, adding more water if needed to thin it.
Combine oats, coconut, chocolate chips, almonds, pumpkin seeds, sunflower seeds, and cinnamon in a large bowl. Add date paste, almond butter, applesauce, and vanilla extract; mix, using your hands, until wet ingredients are fully incorporated.
Press mixture into the prepared baking dish. Cover with another piece of waxed paper and press down using a can or mini roller. Freeze for 1 hour.
Remove dish from freezer and lift out of dish using the edges of the waxed paper. Cut into 25 squares.

Submitter: 
Barbara Ortiz
Description: 
I was looking for a way to have healthier snacks on hand for my kids lunches and on the go snacking. This recipe can be modified to include fruit instead of the chocolate. The date paste helps hold it together nicely and dates are known as nature's candy. No refined sugar except for in the chocolate chips. You could include carob chips or whatever kind of chips your kids like. The dried fruit version is yummy as well!
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Snacks
Granola Bars

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
25
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
345 calories
23
g fat
33.5
g carbohydrates
7.5
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
51
mg sodium.
