URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/244213/orange-chicken-kabobs/
Title:
Orange Chicken Kabobs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/2318485.jpg
Ingredients:
¼ cup orange marmalade
2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar
2 tablespoons red wine
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives
1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil
1 large garlic clove, minced
¼ teaspoon dried sage
⅛ teaspoon garlic salt
⅛ teaspoon kosher salt
1 (6 ounce) package fresh mushrooms, or to taste
1  bell pepper, chopped, or to taste
½  red onion, chopped, or to taste
2  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, cubed
1 cup chopped fresh pineapple, or to taste
skewers

Directions:
Whisk orange marmalade, balsamic vinegar, red wine, olive oil, chives, basil, garlic, sage, garlic salt, and kosher salt together in a bowl until marinade is smooth. Pour about 1/4 of the marinade into a resealable plastic bag; add mushrooms, bell pepper, and red onion. Squeeze air out of bag and seal.
Pour the remaining marinade into a separate resealable bag; add chicken. Squeeze air out of bag and seal. Marinate vegetables and chicken in the refrigerator, 2 to 8 hours.
Remove vegetables and chicken from bag and discard marinade. Thread vegetables, chicken, and pineapple onto skewers.
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate.
Cook kabobs on the preheated grill until chicken is no longer pink in the center, 5 to 10 minutes per side.

Submitter: 
Nancy Gibson
Description: 
Put your marinade and cubed chicken together and marinate at least 2 hours. I also cut my veggies and put them in another bag with a little of the same marinade. I do this in the morning and then all I have to do at dinner time is assemble my kabobs and grill them! I serve with a rice pilaf of brown rice and wild rice.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
2 Ratings
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
2 hrs 30 mins
Number of servings: 
2 hrs
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
197 calories
5
g fat
24.6
g carbohydrates
14
g protein
32
mg cholesterol
162
mg sodium.
