URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/244276/mango-lime-shredded-chicken-tacos/
Title:
Mango-Lime Shredded Chicken Tacos Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/2466396.jpg
Ingredients:
4  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
2 teaspoons canola oil
1 large white onion, chopped
1 large Anaheim pepper, diced
1  jalapeno pepper, diced
2 tablespoons minced garlic
1 cup chicken stock
1 (8 ounce) can peeled whole plum tomatoes
1 (5 ounce) can tomato sauce
¼ cup diced mango
1 large lime, zested and juiced
2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro
1 tablespoon Pasilla chili powder
1 tablespoon ground cumin
2 teaspoons sea salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon white sugar
½ teaspoon ground cinnamon
16  corn tortillas

Directions:
Place chicken into a large pot and cover with water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until chicken is no longer pink in the center, about 30 minutes. Transfer chicken to a work surface to cool; shred.
Heat canola oil in a large pot over medium heat; cook and stir onion, Anaheim pepper, jalapeno pepper, and garlic until slightly softened and fragrant, about 8 minutes. Add shredded chicken, chicken stock, tomatoes, tomato sauce, mango, lime juice, lime zest, cilantro, chili powder, cumin, sea salt, black pepper, sugar, and cinnamon; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer until chicken filling is reduced, at least 45 minutes.
Fill corn tortillas with chicken filling.

Submitter: 
stephy.newhouse
Description: 
I put a little spin on a family favorite. While this chicken filling is simmering I fry my corn tortillas until they are nice and crispy! If you like sweet and spicy together, this is a great dinner idea! Fill shells with chicken, lettuce, tomato, fresh cilantro, and your choice of hot sauce. Enjoy!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
6 Ratings
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 45 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
222 calories
4.4
g fat
32.7
g carbohydrates
15.4
g protein
29
mg cholesterol
719
mg sodium.
