URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/244516/patricks-arrabiata-sauce/
Title:
Patrick's Arrabiata Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F2890292.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup olive oil
¼ cup unsalted light butter
6 large cloves garlic, thinly sliced
5  yellow onions, sliced 1/4-inch thick
1 cup red cooking wine
15  Italian plum tomatoes, coarsely chopped
20 leaves fresh basil
5 tablespoons double concentrated tomato paste
1 tablespoon smoked paprika
1 tablespoon white sugar (optional)
2 teaspoons cayenne pepper
2 teaspoons salt, or to taste

Directions:
Place olive oil, butter, and garlic in a large pot; turn heat to high until garlic begins to sizzle, about 2 minutes. Turn heat down to medium; stir in onions and cook and stir until onions are translucent, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour wine over onion mixture; simmer until wine is partially evaporated, about 10 minutes.
Place tomatoes and basil in the bowl of a food processor; pulse to blend until tomatoes are chunky. Pour tomatoes into onion mixture; cook, stirring about every 5 minutes, until sauce darkens to a deep red color, about 40 minutes. Turn off heat.
Working in batches, pour the sauce into a food processor and blend until smooth. Stir tomato paste, smoked paprika, sugar, and cayenne pepper into tomato mixture; season to taste with salt.

Submitter: 
Patrick Lavigne
Description: 
A low-cost spicy sauce with strong flavours and a silky texture. It does take a little time to make but the quantities yield 8 servings so that you can refrigerate or freeze the rest. Works great with dried pasta! It is the outcome of three years of trial and error, and I feel like I no longer need to experiment with the ingredients and method. If you're looking for a basic sauce which will allow for the taste of fresh pasta to be more up front, then this sauce might not be for you. To be served on a bed of your favourite pasta, topped with a few fresh basil leaves.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
4 Ratings
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 20 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
391 calories
31.4
g fat
26.5
g carbohydrates
4
g protein
10
mg cholesterol
829
mg sodium.
