URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/244589/spicy-chicken-enchiladas-with-red-mole-sauce/
Title:
Spicy Chicken Enchiladas with Red Mole Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/2559040.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons finely chopped unsalted whole natural almonds
2 tablespoons sesame seeds
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 medium onion, chopped
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 (14.5 ounce) can diced tomatoes, drained
2  canned chipotle peppers in adobo sauce
¼ cup raisins
¼ teaspoon kosher salt
⅛ teaspoon ground black pepper
1 dash ground cinnamon
1 cup Swanson(R) Mexican Tortilla Flavor Infused Broth
2 cups shredded cooked chicken
¾ cup Mexican blend cheese
8 (6 inch) corn tortillas, warmed
¼ cup sour cream

Directions:
Heat an 8-inch nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the almonds and sesame seed and cook and stir for 4 minutes or until golden brown. Reserve 1 tablespoon almond mixture.
Heat the oil in a 4-quart saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the onion, garlic, tomatoes, chipotle chiles, raisins, salt, black pepper and cinnamon. Cook for 5 minutes or until the onion is tender, stirring occasionally.
Spoon the onion mixture into a blender. Add the broth and the remaining almond mixture. Cover and blend until the mole sauce is smooth. Pour the mole sauce into the saucepan and heat over medium heat to a boil. Reduce the heat to low. Cook for 5 minutes or until the mole sauce is slightly thickened, stirring often.
Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Stir the chicken, 1/2 cup cheese and 1/2 cup mole sauce in a large bowl.
Spread 1/2 cup mole sauce in the bottom of an 11x8x2-inch baking dish.
Spoon about 1/4 cup chicken mixture in the center of each tortilla.  Roll up the tortillas around the filling.  Place the filled tortillas, seam-side down, into the baking dish.  Pour the remaining mole sauce over the filled tortillas.  Top with the remaining cheese.  Cover the baking dish.
Bake for 25 minutes or until the enchiladas are hot and bubbling.  Sprinkle with the reserved almond mixture.  Serve with the sour cream.

Submitter: 
Campbell's Kitchen
Description: 
What makes these enchiladas so good? The key to the exceptional flavor is the red mole sauce made from a delectable, pureed mixture featuring toasted almonds, onion, tomatoes, chipotle chiles, raisins and cinnamon. You'll turn dinner into a fiesta when you serve this kickin' dish!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
6 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.67
Prep time: 
40 mins
Ready in:
40 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
439 calories
23
g fat
42.1
g carbohydrates
18.2
g protein
54
mg cholesterol
755
mg sodium.
