URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/244637/lime-pickles/
Title:
Lime Pickles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6992295.jpg
Ingredients:
2 gallons water
2 cups pickling lime (calcium hydroxide)
7 pounds cucumbers, cut into chunks
6 cups cold vinegar
8 cups white sugar
2 teaspoons pickling spice
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon celery seed
1/2 teaspoon whole cloves
1 drop food coloring, or as desired

Directions:
Mix 2 gallons water and pickling lime together in a large bowl; add cucumbers and soak, stirring often, for 24 hours. Drain and thoroughly rinse cucumbers under cold water.
Fill a large bowl with ice water and soak cucumbers for 3 hours; drain.
Pour cold vinegar into a large pot. Mix sugar, pickling spice, salt, celery seed, cloves, and food coloring into vinegar until dissolved. Add cucumbers; let sit, 8 hours to overnight.
Bring cucumber mixture to a boil; remove pot from heat.
Sterilize the jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Pack cucumber mixture into hot, sterilized jars, filling to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a clean knife or thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars into the boiling water using a holder. Leave a 2-inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary to bring the water level to at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a rolling boil, cover the pot, and process for 15 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
ED
Description: 
They go really will with ham. Can't keep them on the shelf. They are worth the wait.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Pickled

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 d 11 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
100
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
67 calories
0
g fat
17.2
g carbohydrates
0.2
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
26
mg sodium.
