URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/244801/frankenstein-ice-cream-cake/
Title:
Frankenstein Ice Cream Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1/2 gallon mint chocolate chip ice cream
2 cups heavy whipping cream
1/2 cup white sugar
1 pouch whipped cream stabilizer (such as Dr. Oetker® Whip It)
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 drop green food coloring, or as desired
2 cups crushed chocolate sandwich cookies (such as Oreo®)
1/2 cup melted butter
1 tablespoon hot fudge sauce, or as needed
2 tablespoons chocolate sprinkles, or as desired
2 chocolate sandwich cookies (such as Oreo®)

Directions:
Put ice cream in the refrigerator to soften while you make whipped cream frosting.
Beat cream in a bowl using an electric mixer until stiff peaks almost form. Add white sugar, whipped cream stabilizer, vanilla extract, and green food coloring to whipped cream; beat until stiff peaks form.
Scoop softened ice cream into a large bowl; stir until a uniform consistency is reached. The ice cream shouldn't be  completely melted, but firm enough to hold form. Scoop ice cream into the loaf pan and spread evenly using a spatula, trying to avoid creating air bubbles.
Mix crushed cookies and melted butter together in a bowl. Pat cookie mixture the ice cream for the "hair"; freeze for 5 hours. Run a knife along the edges of the pan and carefully flip it upside-down over a cake platter. Return cake to the freezer until firm, at least 30 minutes.
Spread whipped cream evenly over the top and sides of cake. Freeze cake until solid, about 1 hour more.
Spoon hot fudge sauce onto the cake creating "eyes", a "mouth", and "hairline"; top hot fudge areas with sprinkles. Place 1 cookie on each side of the bottom of the cake for the "neck bolts". Freeze cake until ready to eat.

Submitter: 
Laura
Description: 
This is a hit with kids at Halloween. It looks difficult, but it is truly easy!
Categories:
Desserts
Frozen Desserts
Ice Cream Cake

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
7 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
542 calories
39.2
g fat
42
g carbohydrates
6.3
g protein
150
mg cholesterol
175
mg sodium.
