URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/245078/tuscan-chicken-pot-pie/
Title:
Tuscan Chicken Pot Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/6406532.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons butter
½ cup chopped red onion
1 tablespoon minced garlic
3 ½ tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 ½ cups Swanson(<sup>&reg;</sup>) Unsalted Chicken Stock
2 cups baby kale, roughly chopped
1 (15.5 ounce) can cannellini beans, drained and rinsed
2 cups cubed, cooked chicken
3  roma (plum) tomatoes, seeded and chopped
½ teaspoon dried oregano
½ teaspoon dried basil
salt and pepper to taste
1 (9 inch) unbaked pie crust

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly oil a deep, round baking dish.
Melt the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the minced garlic and cook for one minute. Sprinkle the flour into the saucepan; cook and stir until mixture darkens slightly, about 2 minutes. Whisk in the Swanson(R) Unsalted Chicken Stock. Bring to a simmer over medium-high heat; reduce heat to medium. Cook and stir until mixture thickens, about 3 minutes.
Stir in baby kale; cook until wilted. Add the cannellini beans, chicken, and plum tomatoes; stir. Season with oregano, basil, salt and pepper to taste. Pour mixture into prepared baking dish.
Place pie crust on top of the chicken mixture. Tuck under or trim edges that extend over the sides. Make several slits in the crust with the tip of a sharp knife to allow steam to escape.
Bake in preheat oven until crust has browned and mixture is bubbly, about 30 minutes.

Submitter: 
Campbell's Kitchen
Description: 
Comfort food Tuscan style, this chicken pot pie is made with onions, kale, and cannellini beans.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
50 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
585 calories
30.4
g fat
49.2
g carbohydrates
28.4
g protein
70
mg cholesterol
653
mg sodium.
