URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/245098/southwestern-chicken-and-corn-soup/
Title:
Southwestern Chicken and Corn Soup Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F6287277.jpg
Ingredients:
10 slices bacon, cut into 1-inch pieces
2 tablespoons butter
1 cup diced yellow onion
1 cup diced red bell pepper
1 large jalapeno chile pepper, diced
1 large clove garlic, minced
¼ cup all-purpose flour
1 ½ teaspoons kosher salt
½ teaspoon ground black pepper
½ teaspoon ground cumin
½ teaspoon chili powder
1 pinch cayenne pepper
5 cups Swanson(<sup>&reg;</sup>) Unsalted Chicken Broth
3 ½ cups Yukon gold potatoes, 3/4-inch dice
1 (4 ounce) can chopped green chiles, drained
3 cups frozen corn
3 cups chopped rotisserie chicken
2 cups half-and-half
1 cup grated sharp Cheddar cheese
½ cup grated sharp Cheddar cheese
¼ cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves
¼ cup chopped green onion

Directions:
Place bacon in a Dutch oven and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned and slightly crisp, about 10 minutes. Drain bacon pieces on paper towels. Drain off all but 2 tablespoons bacon grease from pot.
Melt butter in the pot with the remaining bacon grease over medium heat. Add onion, red bell pepper, and jalapeno. Sautee until just softened, 5 or 6 minutes. Add minced garlic and saute for 1 minute. Whisk in flour and stir until completely incorporated, about 2 minutes.
Season with salt, pepper, cumin, chili powder, and cayenne pepper. Gradually whisk in Swanson(R) Unsalted Chicken Broth, stirring to prevent flour from clumping. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Add potatoes and green chilies; reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer until vegetables begin to soften, about 12 minutes
Stir in frozen corn and chopped chicken. Add 1/2 cup of cooked bacon pieces. Add half and half; stir. Reduce heat to low; simmer very slowly until chicken and corn are heated through, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove pot from heat. Stir in 1 cup grated Cheddar cheese until cheese melts.
Pour soup into bowls and garnish with reserved bacon, grated Cheddar cheese, cilantro, and green onions.

Submitter: 
Campbell's Kitchen
Description: 
A chicken and corn soup with a hint of cumin, chili powder, and jalapeno giving it a Southwestern flair. Add some half & half and you have a rich and satisfying meal!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
21 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.9
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 10 mins
Number of servings: 
7
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
572 calories
30.1
g fat
41.4
g carbohydrates
35.9
g protein
119
mg cholesterol
1186
mg sodium.
