URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/245013/bernies-big-batch-apple-pie-in-a-jar-jam/
Title:
Bernie's Big Batch "Apple Pie in a Jar" Jam Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
12 cups smooth applesauce
8 cups peeled and chopped apples
8 1/2 cups white sugar
6 cups firmly packed brown sugar
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
1 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/4 cup butter
2 (3 ounce) pouches liquid pectin (such as CERTO®)
28 half-pint canning jars with lids and rings

Directions:
Combine applesauce, apples, white sugar, brown sugar, cinnamon, and nutmeg in a large pot; add butter. Cook and stir mixture over medium-high heat until mixture comes to a boil for 1 minute. Quickly stir in liquid pectin and boil for 1 minute more. Remove pot from heat.
Sterilize the jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Pack jam into hot, sterilized jars, filling to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a clean knife or thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars into the boiling water using a holder. Leave a 2-inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary to bring the water level to at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a rolling boil, cover the pot, and process for 10 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
Bernie
Description: 
This is my 'creation'! Your entire house smells like homemade apple pie during the cooking time, and lingers afterwards too. This would be so yummy on cinnamon raisin toast! Or warmed and served over ice cream!
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Jams and Jellies

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
224
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
62 calories
0.2
g fat
15.5
g carbohydrates
0
g protein
< 1
mg cholesterol
3
mg sodium.
