URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/245031/country-style-honey-mustard/
Title:
Country-Style Honey Mustard Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3398570.jpg
Ingredients:
4 tablespoons yellow mustard seed
4 tablespoons brown mustard seed
6 tablespoons ground mustard powder
1/2 cup almond-fruit flavored soda (such as Dr Pepper®)
2 tablespoons honey
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme
1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric (optional)
3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar

Directions:
Wash 4 (3 ounce) jars in soap and hot water; dry well.
Pulse yellow and brown mustard seeds a few times in a spice grinder to crack the seeds. (Alternatively, use a blender, rolling pin, mortar and pestle or a small food processor. The key is to crack the seeds to release the flavor.)
Stir together cracked seeds, mustard powder, Dr Pepper(R), honey, salt, thyme, and turmeric (if using) in a bowl. Cover loosely and set aside for 10 minutes for a very spicy mustard or up to 1 hour for a more mellow mustard.
Add vinegar, stirring thoroughly. If a smoother consistency is more to your liking, puree the paste and vinegar in a blender until smooth. (The mustard will thicken as it sits; don't worry if it seems loose.) Divide equally among prepared jars, allowing 1/2- to 3/4-inch of headspace in each jar.
Cover the jars and let stand at room temperature for 2 days before using. This curing period removes any remaining bitterness, smoothing the edges. Mustard can be stored without refrigeration for months. If it dries out, add liquid (such as water, wine, or beer), a few drops at a time, and stir to reconstitute.

Submitter: 
MrsWheelbarrow
Description: 
This coarse-grind honey mustard (with a surprise ingredient!)  can be added to a glaze for a ham, spooned into a green bean casserole, slathered on a turkey sandwich, or tucked into a gift basket with pretzels or cheese and crackers.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.75
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
60
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
14 calories
0.7
g fat
1.5
g carbohydrates
0.6
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
32
mg sodium.
