URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/245123/khao-soi-soup/
Title:
Khao Soi Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/7344564.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
3  shallots, chopped
3 cloves garlic, minced
¼ cup red curry paste
1 tablespoon curry powder
4 cups coconut milk
2 cups water
2 cups chopped cooked chicken, or more to taste
1 teaspoon sea salt
2 tablespoons fish sauce
2 tablespoons white sugar
1 tablespoon lime juice
½ cup vegetable oil
12  whole dried Thai chile peppers
6 small shallots, cut into quarters
½ head bok choy, chopped
1 (8 ounce) package rice noodles
1 cup pickled mustard cabbage, thinly sliced (optional)
½ cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro
1  lime, cut into wedges

Directions:
Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a wok or large skillet over medium heat; cook and stir chopped shallots and garlic until garlic starts to turn golden, 2 to 4 minutes. Add red curry paste and curry powder; cook and stir until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Add coconut milk, water, chicken, and sea salt; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium low and simmer soup.
Mix fish sauce, sugar, and lime juice into soup and simmer until heated through, about 10 minutes more.
Heat 1/2 cup oil in a skillet over medium-high heat; fry Thai chile peppers until browned, 2 to 4 minutes. Transfer chile peppers to soup, reserving oil in skillet. Fry quartered shallots and bok choy in hot oil until browned, 2 to 4 minutes; transfer to soup and reserve oil in skillet.
Place noodles in a large bowl and cover with hot water. Set aside until noodles are softened, about 15 minutes. Drain and rinse thoroughly. Add 3/4 of the noodles to the soup. Fry the remaining rice noodles in the hot oil until crisp, 3 to 5 minutes.
Divide soup among 6 bowls and top with fried noodles, pickled cabbage, cilantro, and lime wedges.

Submitter: 
Chandrav
Description: 
From northern Thailand, a noodle soup with an amazing mix of flavor and texture. My mom made this for me recently, and I fell in love with it. It is a variation on a recipe about street food she found in her local paper. It is quite flavorful, so if you prefer a less spicy dish, reduce the amount of spices.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
5 Ratings
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 15 mins
Number of servings: 
15 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
726 calories
48.5
g fat
58.1
g carbohydrates
20.5
g protein
35
mg cholesterol
1074
mg sodium.
