URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/245113/hearty-chicken-and-tortellini-stew-with-cheesy-garlic-bread/
Title:
Hearty Chicken and Tortellini Stew with Cheesy Garlic Bread Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into 2-inch pieces
1  onion, chopped
2 cloves garlic, minced
2  tomatoes, chopped
¼ teaspoon red pepper flakes
6 cups Swanson(<sup>&reg;</sup>) Chicken Broth
1 (10 ounce) can diced tomatoes with green chile peppers
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 bunch lacinato (dinosaur) kale, large stems removed, coarsely chopped
2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves
1  bay leaf
1 (20 ounce) package refrigerated cheese-filled tortellini
1  baguette, cut into 1-inch slices
1 clove garlic, peeled and halved
2 tablespoons olive oil
2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Heat olive oil in a heavy pot over medium to medium-high heat. Stir in chicken pieces and cook until browned on all sides, 6 to 8 minutes. Cook in batches if pan is too crowded. Remove browned chicken from pan. Cook onions in the same pan until slightly translucent, about 3 minutes. Stir in 2 cloves minced garlic and cook just until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add chopped tomatoes and red pepper flakes; cook and stir for another minute.
Pour Swanson(R) Chicken Broth and canned tomatoes into the pot. Season with salt and pepper. Add chopped kale, fresh thyme and bay leaf. Bring to a simmer and add the tortellini. Cover and reduce heat to low; simmer until tortellini are cooked through and flavors are blended, about 15 minutes.
Preheat oven broiler. Adjust rack to middle position.
Place baguette slices in single layer on a rimmed baking sheet. Broil the baguette slices until lightly browned, about 45 seconds (watch them carefully so they don't burn). Remove sheet from oven and turn the slices over; Return sheet to broiler and brown the second side for about 30 seconds.
Remove the sheet from the oven and, when slices are cool enough to handle, lightly rub the cut side of a clove of garlic on the toasted top sides. Brush a bit of olive oil on each slice and sprinkle with about a teaspoon of grated Parmesan cheese. Return baguette rounds to broiler until cheese begins to melt, about 30 seconds.

Submitter: 
Campbell's Kitchen
Description: 
This is a hearty one-pot stew made with chunks of chicken, Swanson(<sup>&reg;</sup>) Chicken Broth, tortellini, kale and tomatoes goes great with toasted garlic and cheese baguette slices.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
40 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
529 calories
18.8
g fat
66.1
g carbohydrates
27
g protein
67
mg cholesterol
1506
mg sodium.
