URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/245173/zucchini-pasta-with-roasted-red-pepper-sauce-and-chicken/
Title:
Zucchini Pasta with Roasted Red Pepper Sauce and Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F3540288.jpg
Ingredients:
6  roma tomatoes
3  red bell peppers, chopped
1 large sweet onion, halved
3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
4 cloves garlic
1 (28 ounce) can crushed tomatoes
1 cup tightly packed fresh basil leaves, chopped
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2  yellow summer squash, cut into spirals using a spiral slicer
2  zucchini, cut into spirals using a spiral slicer
2  cooked chicken breast halves, cubed
1 tablespoon grated Parmesan cheese, or to taste

Directions:
Preheat grill for medium heat and lightly oil the grate.
Grill tomatoes, bell peppers, and onion halves on the preheated grill until well charred, about 15 minutes. When peppers are cool enough to handle, split with a knife and remove seeds.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet; cook and stir garlic until fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir canned crushed tomatoes, basil, grilled tomatoes, bell peppers, and onion into skillet; bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer until vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes. Puree vegetable mixture with a stick blender; season with salt and pepper and keep at a simmer.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil; drop in summer squash and zucchini spirals and cook until tender, about 3 minutes. Drain water from pot; lay spirals on paper towels to drain completely.
Place squash spirals on individual plates; top with a portion of cooked chicken, a generous amount of red pepper sauce, and Parmesan cheese.

Submitter: 
Volleyballmom
Description: 
Zucchini subs in for traditional pasta in this great veggie-rich dish.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
2 Ratings
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 hr
Ready in:
1 hr 30 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
352 calories
16
g fat
33.4
g carbohydrates
23.3
g protein
42
mg cholesterol
369
mg sodium.
