URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/245202/raspberry-ice-cream-pie-with-ice-cream-cone-crust/
Title:
Raspberry Ice Cream Pie with Ice Cream Cone Crust Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/2675650.jpg
Ingredients:
Crust:
12 sugar ice cream cones, divided
1/2 cup butter, melted
Dash of salt
Ice Cream:
1 (14 ounce) can sweetened condensed milk
1 (16 ounce) container frozen whipped dessert topping, thawed
1 (21 ounce) can LUCKY LEAF® Premium Red Raspberry Fruit Filling & Topping
Topping:
1 cup whipped cream
1 tablespoon powdered sugar
Fresh raspberries for garnish

Directions:
Prepare a 9-inch spring form pan with a layer of parchment paper on the bottom and around the sides. To help parchment paper stick to the sides, spray with a touch of cooking spray.
Place all but one ice cream cone into a food processor and pulse into crumbs. Add in melted butter and dash of salt and pulse to combine. Press mixture into prepared pan and refrigerate while making ice cream.
In a large bowl, whip the condensed milk and thawed whipped topping together. Add in half the raspberry fruit filling and stir to combine.
Pour into prepared sugar cone crust. Use a small amount of the remaining raspberry fruit filling to add swirls to the top with a toothpick or knife (leave some fruit filling for serving).
Freeze 4-6 hours or overnight for best results.
Top with fresh whipped cream and raspberries.
Make the whipped cream extra thick by adding more powdered sugar. Use an ice cream scoop to put a "scoop" of thickened whipped cream in the center of the pie, then place reserved sugar cone on top. Add additional raspberry fruit filling to decorate.

Submitter: 
Lucky Leaf Fruit Filling
Description: 
This ice cream pie on a sugar-cone crumb crust is loaded with raspberries and makes a festive dessert for any special occasion.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
294 calories
15.7
g fat
35.8
g carbohydrates
2.9
g protein
26
mg cholesterol
157
mg sodium.
