URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/245343/authentic-vietnamese-spring-rolls-nem-ran-hay-cha-gio/
Title:
Authentic Vietnamese Spring Rolls (Nem Ran Hay Cha Gio) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/2898069.jpg
Ingredients:
2 ounces dried thin rice noodles
¾ cup ground chicken
¼ cup shrimp - washed, peeled, and cut into small pieces
2 large eggs, beaten
1  carrot, grated
4  wood fungus mushrooms, chopped
2  green onions, chopped
½ teaspoon white sugar
½ teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon ground black pepper
24  rice paper wrappers
2 cups vegetable oil for frying

Directions:
Soak rice noodles in cold water until soft, about 20 minutes. Drain well; cut into 2-inch long pieces.
Combine the noodle pieces, chicken, shrimp, eggs, carrot, wood fungus mushrooms, and green onions in a large bowl. Sprinkle in sugar, salt, and black pepper; stir filling mixture well.
Soak 1 rice paper wrapper in a shallow bowl of warm water to soften, about 15 seconds. Remove from water and place on a damp cloth laid out on a flat surface.
Place 1 tablespoon of filling mixture into the center of the softened rice paper. Fold the bottom edge into the center, covering the filling. Fold in opposing edges and roll up tightly. Repeat with remaining rice paper wrappers, soaking and filling each one individually.
Heat oil in a work or large skillet over medium heat.
Fry the spring rolls in batches of 3 or 4 until crisp and golden brown on both sides, about 5 minutes. Drain on paper towels.

Submitter: 
agoldstone
Description: 
This is a recipe I learned while traveling through Vietnam. The ingredients are relatively simple and easy to find in any grocery store. I've cooked this a number of times since getting back and it's always been a hit. They taste great with dipping sauce.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
16 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.88
Prep time: 
1 hr
Ready in:
1 hr 25 mins
Number of servings: 
20 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
132 calories
5.2
g fat
14.4
g carbohydrates
6.5
g protein
45
mg cholesterol
225
mg sodium.
