URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/245419/panthay-khawswey-burmese-chicken-stew/
Title:
Panthay Khawswey (Burmese Chicken Stew) Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
salt to taste
1 (8 ounce) package rice vermicelli
3 tablespoons vegetable oil, or more if needed
1 cup chopped onions
6 cloves garlic, crushed, or more to taste
1 (1 inch) piece ginger, crushed
½ teaspoon ground turmeric
2 cups diced chicken
1 tablespoon fish sauce
1 tablespoon chili powder, or to taste
½ cup water, or more if needed
3 cups milk
1 (14 ounce) can coconut milk
⅓ cup chickpea flour
¼ cup chopped green onions (optional)
¼ cup chopped fresh cilantro (optional)

Directions:
Fill a saucepan with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil; stir in vermicelli noodles and cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the noodles are tender yet firm to the bite, 4 to 5 minutes. Drain.
Heat oil in a large pot over medium heat; add onions, garlic, ginger, and turmeric. Cook and stir until onions start to brown, about 5 minutes. Stir in chicken, fish sauce, chile powder, and salt. Add a tablespoon or two of water if mixture looks dry or starts to stick. Cook until chicken is tender and no longer pink, about 5 minutes.
Pour milk and coconut milk into the pot. Bring the soup to a boil; reduce heat, and simmer, uncovered, stirring frequently, about 5 minutes.
Combine 1/2 cup water and chickpea flour in a small bowl. Add chickpea flour mixture to the soup a few tablespoons at a time; stir thoroughly between each addition to avoid lumps. Simmer until slightly thickened, 5 to 10 minutes.
Place cooled vermicelli noodles into servings bowls. Ladle soup over the noodles, and garnish with green onions and cilantro.

Submitter: 
janelle
Description: 
Growing up in Hawaii means experiencing the people, traditions, and cuisines from all over the Pacific. Locally-printed cookbooks abound, in which family favorites are shared from one culture to another. One of my most treasured local cookbook gems is a small, stapled-together collection of traditional recipes from a Burmese immigrant to Hawaii. This Panthay Khawswey, adapted from that cookbook, is a hearty noodle stew the Burmese have been known to enjoy for breakfast, lunch, or dinner.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
2
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
304 calories
15.5
g fat
26.1
g carbohydrates
16
g protein
29
mg cholesterol
191
mg sodium.
