URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/245561/vanilla-infused-olive-oil-and-lemon-granita-salad/
Title:
Vanilla-Infused Olive Oil and Lemon Granita Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1/3 vanilla bean
1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil
2 cups white sugar
1 cup water
1 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice
1 teaspoon lemon zest (optional)
1 head butterhead lettuce
6 large strawberries
6 (3 ounce) fillets mahi mahi, patted dry
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Split vanilla bean lengthwise with the tip of a sharp knife. Holding the pod open, scrape seeds from each half using the flat side of your knife.
Combine vanilla bean, scraped seeds, and olive oil in a small saucepan over very low heat. Warm the oil until fragrant, 2 to 5 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool, about 5 minutes. Strain into a small bowl and refrigerate, at least 1 day.
Combine sugar, water, lemon juice, and lemon zest in a pot over medium-low heat; heat, stirring, until sugar is dissolved, about 5 minutes. Let granita mixture cool, about 10 minutes.
Pour granita mixture into a freezer-safe baking dish and freeze until half-way frozen, 1 to 2 hours. Scrape thoroughly with a fork. Freeze, 8 hours to overnight, scraping granita again the following day.
Place 6 large leaves of lettuce on 6 serving plates. Chop the remaining lettuce and divide among the lettuce leaves. Slice each strawberry and fan out on each plate.
Season mahi mahi with salt and pepper and cook in a large nonstick pan over medium-high heat until opaque, 2 to 4 minutes per side. Divide mahi mahi among plates.
Scrape out 1 tablespoon of granita, form into a ball, and place next to mahi mahi. Repeat for remaining plates. Drizzle vanilla-infused olive oil over each plate.

Submitter: 
Anne Van der Staay
Description: 
The combination of sweet and tangy and hot and cold in this salad will leave you craving more! Impress your guests with this appetizer salad for foodies and friends alike. Make sure to make the infused oil and lemon granita at least a day ahead! If serving as a main dish, double the amount of ingredients used, and serve with larger pieces of fish.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Seafood

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 d 9 h 55 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
437 calories
10
g fat
73
g carbohydrates
16.4
g protein
62
mg cholesterol
104
mg sodium.
