URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/245778/estofado-de-rabo-de-toro-spanish-oxtail-stew/
Title:
Estofado de Rabo de Toro (Spanish Oxtail Stew) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
5 tablespoons olive oil, divided, or more as needed
2 1/4 pounds beef oxtail, cut into pieces
1 onion, sliced
3 carrots, sliced
1 leek, sliced
5 cloves garlic, crushed
4 cups red wine
3 ripe tomatoes, quartered
1 sprig thyme
2 bay leaves
water to cover
1 cube beef bouillon (optional)
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 tablespoon butter
1/4 cup all-purpose flour

Directions:
Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a Dutch oven over medium-high heat; brown oxtail, about 3 minutes per side.
Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat; add onion, carrots, leek, and garlic. Cook and stir until tender and beginning to brown, about 5 minutes.
Pour vegetable mixture into Dutch oven with the oxtail. Add red wine, tomatoes, thyme, and bay leaves; stir to combine. Bring stew to a boil until alcohol from red wine evaporates, about 3 minutes. Add enough water to cover, bouillon cube, salt, and pepper. Reduce heat to low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until meat falls away from bone, about 4 hours. Remove oxtail from stewing liquid.
Melt butter in a skillet over medium heat. Whisk in flour to form a thick paste; cook and stir until flour turns light brown, about 15 minutes. Whisk in stewing liquid and bring to a boil; simmer until thickened to stew consistency, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour stew over the oxtail to serve.

Submitter: 
Kohlrabi
Description: 
My Andalucian landlord passed me this recipe from the south of Spain, land of wine and olive oil and tauromaquia. Stewed for hours in red wine, this oxtail dish has the perfect balance of tanginess and meatiness.
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
Spanish

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
4 h 51 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
530 calories
25
g fat
20.5
g carbohydrates
28.4
g protein
99
mg cholesterol
386
mg sodium.
