URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/245702/thai-shrimp-and-clam-curry/
Title:
Thai Shrimp and Clam Curry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5404429.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons peanut oil
1 large onion, halved and sliced lengthwise
1 large red bell pepper, seeded and sliced lengthwise
1 tablespoon chopped fresh ginger
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 teaspoon red chile paste, or more to taste
1 (14 ounce) can coconut milk
4 large fresh cherrystone clams, scrubbed
1/4 cup chicken broth, or more as needed (optional)
1 fresh lime
1 teaspoon fish sauce
1 teaspoon brown sugar
3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, divided, or more to taste
12 large shrimp, peeled and deveined

Directions:
Heat peanut oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion and red bell pepper; saute until softened, about 4 minutes. Reduce heat to medium. Add ginger and garlic; cook and stir until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in red chile paste and coconut milk. Add the clams and simmer until flavors combine, 3 to 5 minutes. If curry appears too thick, stir in chicken broth.
Finely grate zest from the lime. Stir half of the zest into the curry along with fish sauce and brown sugar. Squeeze some lime juice into the curry. Stir in half of the basil and shrimp; simmer curry until shrimp are opaque and cooked through, 5 to 10 minutes. Thin the curry with more chicken broth if needed.
Scoop clams out of the curry, draining their juice back into the saucepan, and discard. Mix in remaining lime zest and basil before serving.

Submitter: 
Susan Forbes Marden
Description: 
This sweet-hot Thai recipe can be made with shrimp or chicken and cooks up in minutes. Increase chile sauce and ginger for spicier flavor. Serve in shallow bowls over steamed brown rice.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Thai

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
350 calories
28.6
g fat
13.4
g carbohydrates
14
g protein
97
mg cholesterol
291
mg sodium.
