URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/245850/mozzarella-and-herb-stuffed-chicken-breast-sous-vide-style/
Title:
Mozzarella and Herb-Stuffed Chicken Breast Sous-Vide Style Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F4478805.jpg
Ingredients:
4  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 tablespoon butter
½  onion, diced
1 rib celery, diced
1 teaspoon Cajon seasoning, divided, or to taste
¾ cup shredded mozzarella cheese
4 ounces sliced mushrooms
1  egg, beaten
2 tablespoons fine dry bread crumbs
1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley
2 teaspoons grated Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Heat water in a sous-vide water bath to 141 degrees F (60.5 degrees C).
Place each chicken breast between 2 sheets of heavy plastic wrap on a work surface. Flatten chicken with smooth side of a meat mallet to 1/4-inch thickness.
Heat olive oil and butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add onion, celery, and Cajon seasoning; cook and stir until onion is softened and translucent, about 5 minutes.
Place mozzarella cheese, mushrooms, egg, bread crumbs, parsley, and Parmesan cheese together with onion mixture in bowl of a food processor; blend into paste.
Spread paste onto one side of chicken breasts; roll breasts and secure with toothpicks. Spread remaining paste and sprinkle Cajun seasoning onto rolled breasts; place in individual sealable plastic bags. Seal bags (on low pressure if using a vacuum sealer), removing as much air as possible. Cook chicken in the preheated water bath for 2 hours. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).

Submitter: 
Jesse Cody
Description: 
This is a recipe for moist and tender chicken breast stuffed with a mixture of cheeses and herbs. Serve with side dishes of your choice.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
3 Ratings
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
2 hrs 25 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
292 calories
14.2
g fat
7.5
g carbohydrates
32.5
g protein
133
mg cholesterol
400
mg sodium.
