URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/245827/vegan-spinach-bites/
Title:
Vegan Spinach Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4463234.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound Idaho potatoes, peeled and cut into 2-inch chunks
2 bunches fresh spinach, divided
3 tablespoons canola oil, divided, or more as needed
1 onion, minced
3 cloves garlic, minced
3 tablespoons water
1 tablespoon flaxseed meal
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup all-purpose flour

Directions:
Place potatoes into a large pot and cover with water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain and transfer to a large bowl. Allow to cool to room temperature, about 30 minutes.
Run 1/2 cup spinach through a juicer according to manufacturer's instructions; add to cooled potatoes and mash until smooth.
Pulse remaining spinach in a food processor until finely chopped. Add to mashed potatoes.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onion and garlic; cook and stir until fragrant, about 5 minutes. Let cool slightly, about 10 minutes. Stir into mashed potatoes.
Mix water and flaxseed meal together in a small bowl; let sit until thickened, about 5 minutes. Add to mashed potatoes with baking powder and salt; mix to combine. Form into patties. Dust both sides of patties generously with flour.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook patties in batches until a pale crust forms, about 3 minutes per side. Repeat with remaining 1 tablespoon oil and patties. Transfer pan-fried patties to baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown and cooked through, about 10 minutes.

Submitter: 
visionatevms
Description: 
Spinach bites that are allergen-friendly for my little guys. Flour keeps them from sticking and gives them a great crust on the outside. Baking dries up the spinach filling and prevents it from being too gooey.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Snacks
Kids
Healthy

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 41 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
95 calories
4
g fat
12.9
g carbohydrates
3
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
186
mg sodium.
