URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/246016/pickled-salad/
Title:
Pickled Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
8 zucchini, diced
4 cucumbers, diced
1 sweet onion, diced
2 red bell pepper, diced
2 green bell pepper, diced
2 jalapeno pepper, minced
1 cup sea salt
water to cover
2 cups white sugar
2 cups rice vinegar
1/2 cup white vinegar
2 teaspoons ground turmeric
2 teaspoons yellow mustard seed
1 teaspoon onion powder
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon dried rosemary
12 1-pint canning jars with lids and rings

Directions:
Toss zucchini, cucumbers, onion, red bell pepper, green bell pepper, and jalapeno together in a very large bowl. Add salt and water to cover vegetable mixture; refrigerate for 8 hours to overnight. Strain vegetable mixture and rinse well.
Bring sugar, rice vinegar, white vinegar, turmeric, mustard seed, onion powder, garlic powder, and rosemary to a boil in a large stock pot. Add vegetable mixture; simmer for 20 minutes.
Sterilize the jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Pack vegetable mixture with vinegar mixture into hot, sterilized jars, filling to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a clean knife or thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars into the boiling water using a holder. Leave a 2-inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary to bring the water level to at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a rolling boil, cover the pot, and process, 10 minutes for half-pints or 15 minutes for pints.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
Deborah Joann Allen VanHam
Description: 
This is traditionally a relish, but everyone who has tried it for me has eaten the entire jar! It is the perfect side dish for everything savory. It also goes well as a relish on hot dogs.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Relishes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
9 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
178 calories
0.6
g fat
43.6
g carbohydrates
2.3
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
7071
mg sodium.
