URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/246042/khanom-jeeb-pork-and-shrimp-dumplings/
Title:
Khanom Jeeb (Pork and Shrimp Dumplings) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3279423.jpg
Ingredients:
Garlic Oil:
3 tablespoons vegetable oil
3 cloves garlic, minced
Wontons:
5 whole black peppercorns
2 cloves garlic, peeled
salt to taste
2 cilantro stems, chopped
5 ounces ground pork
5 ounces shrimp, minced
5 water chestnuts, minced
1 tablespoon dark soy sauce
1 tablespoon white sugar
1 teaspoon fish sauce
1 teaspoon tapioca starch
1 teaspoon light soy sauce
1/2 teaspoon salt
25 wonton wrappers, or as needed
Dipping Sauce:
3 tablespoons rice vinegar
3 tablespoons light soy sauce
1 tablespoon white sugar
2 scallions, sliced into thin rings
1 bird's eye chile, or more to taste (optional)

Directions:
Heat vegetable oil in a small skillet over medium-low heat; add minced garlic. Slowly cook garlic until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Remove skillet from heat.
Crush peppercorns using a mortar and pestle until powdery. Add peeled garlic and a pinch of salt; crush into a paste. Mix cilantro stems into the paste.
Mix paste, pork, shrimp, water chestnuts, dark soy sauce, 1 tablespoon white sugar, fish sauce, tapioca starch, light soy sauce, and 1/2 teaspoon salt together in a large bowl. Spoon 1 to 2 teaspoons pork-shrimp mixture into the center of each wonton wrapper. Fold the wrapper over the filling, sealing the edges together and creating a purse-like pouch.
Place a steamer insert into a saucepan and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer. Bring water to a boil. Add wontons, cover, and steam until the filling is cooked through, about 10 minutes.
Whisk rice vinegar, light soy sauce, 1 tablespoon white sugar, scallions, and bird's eye chile together in a bowl until dipping sauce is well mixed.
Serve Khanom Jeeb with a drizzle of garlic oil and dipping sauce on the side.

Submitter: 
Toi
Description: 
Like people the world over, Thai people have a habit of incorporating foreign dishes into their cuisine. Khanom jeeb is a Thai take on a classic Chinese dim sum dish.
Categories:
Main Dish
Dumplings

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
258 calories
10.9
g fat
27.3
g carbohydrates
12.3
g protein
54
mg cholesterol
971
mg sodium.
