URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/246297/jang-jorim-with-hard-boiled-eggs-korean-soy-beef-strips/
Title:
Jang Jorim with Hard-Boiled Eggs (Korean Soy Beef Strips) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5108720.jpg
Ingredients:
2 pounds hanger steak
6 cups water
1 cup soy sauce
2 green chile peppers
1/2 onion, quartered
2 green onions, trimmed and cut into thirds
6 cloves garlic, halved, or more to taste
2 tablespoons white sugar
1 tablespoon light corn syrup (optional)
1 tablespoon rice wine
1/2 teaspoon Korean red chile pepper, or to taste
4 hard-boiled eggs, peeled, or more to taste

Directions:
Soak hanger steak in cold water in a large bowl to drain residual blood, changing water as needed, 30 minutes to 1 hour. Drain.
Combine 6 cups water, soy sauce, green chile peppers, onion, green onions, garlic, sugar, corn syrup, rice wine, and red chile pepper in a large pot to make a broth. Bring to a boil and add steak. Reduce heat and simmer until steak is mostly tender, about 45 minutes. Submerge eggs in the broth. Continue cooking until steak is tender, about 15 minutes more.
Remove steak from the broth; rinse under cold water until cool enough to handle, 2 to 3 minutes. Cut steak into bite-sized strips. Transfer to an airtight container; add eggs.
Discard chile peppers, onion, green onions, and garlic from the broth. Skim broth to remove oily residue. Strain broth through a paper towel-lined mesh strainer into a bowl. Repeat several times, changing paper towels as needed, until all oily residue is removed.
Pour broth over steak and eggs in the container. Cover and chill before serving, about 1 hour.

Submitter: 
mykoreaneats
Description: 
Today we made one of my favorite meat side dishes called Jang Jorim, which is basically Korean soy beef strips with hard-boiled eggs. It is a salty side dish. Enjoy cold or warm with rice and other banchan side dishes. It can be stored for up to a week in the refrigerator, two weeks maximum.
Categories:
Side Dish

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
3 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
223 calories
10.9
g fat
11.4
g carbohydrates
19.2
g protein
142
mg cholesterol
1881
mg sodium.
