URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/246212/baked-bourbon-and-brown-sugar-salmon-nuggets/
Title:
Baked Bourbon and Brown Sugar Salmon Nuggets Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3325107.jpg
Ingredients:
8 ounces honey roasted peanuts
1 tablespoon ground black pepper
Sauce:
6 tablespoons butter
1 cup packed brown sugar
2/3 cup bourbon whiskey (such as Jack Daniel's®)
1/3 cup soy sauce
1 tablespoon crushed garlic
1 teaspoon onion powder
1 1/2 pounds salmon fillet, skinned
1 serving cooking spray (optional)

Directions:
Place peanuts in a large resealable bag and pound into fine crumbs with a rolling pin, meat mallet, or flat side of a can. Add pepper; mix well.
Melt butter in a nonstick saucepan over medium heat. Add brown sugar, bourbon, soy sauce, garlic, and onion powder. Bring to a boil; cook until sauce thickens and has a syrupy consistency, 20 to 30 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool until it is still hot to the touch but not scalding, about 5 minutes.
Cut thinner parts of salmon fillets into strips and place in a small bowl. Coat with a little bit of the sauce. Cut thicker parts of salmon fillets into 1-inch cubes and place in the saucepan; stir to coat with sauce. Let sit until flavors combine, about 10 minutes.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Grease a large glass baking dish with cooking spray.
Place strips of salmon on one side of the baking dish and cubes on the other, making sure all pieces are coated with sauce but not overlapping. Sprinkle peanut and black pepper mixture evenly on top.
Bake in the preheated oven until strips flake easily with a fork, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove from the dish and continue baking until cubes flake easily with a fork, about 5 minutes more.

Submitter: 
Deborah McCarthy
Description: 
Expensive restaurant dish that's best enjoyed in the comfort (and budget) of your own home. This recipe is a great base to enjoy as-is or play with to suit your creative tastes. This dish packs a flavor punch, so use milder side dishes like a rice pilaf and your favorite green beans to cool down the taste buds between bites and avoid sensation overload. It doesn't have to be expensive, but it does taste expensive! Have fun with it and share your variations in the reviews section to help inspire others.
Categories:
Main Dish
Seafood
Salmon
Baked Salmon

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
670 calories
27.7
g fat
51.7
g carbohydrates
38.7
g protein
81
mg cholesterol
1130
mg sodium.
