URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/246228/reverse-sear-skillet-grilled-steak-done-right/
Title:
Reverse Sear Skillet-Grilled Steak Done Right! Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F4374287.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (12 ounce) 1 1/2-inch thick rib eye steak, thawed
¼ cup unsalted butter, melted
2 tablespoons steak sauce (such as A1(<sup>&reg;</sup>))
1 tablespoon grated garlic
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Place steak, butter, steak sauce, garlic, salt, and black pepper in a large resealable plastic bag; shake until marinade is well-mixed. Seal the plastic bag most of the way but keep one small corner open on one end.
Fill a deep baking pan with warm water. Submerge plastic bag in the water slowly, allowing the pressure of the water to push all the air out and mold the bag around the steak. Seal the bag completely and let sit in the water, about 2 hours.
Preheat oven to 235 degrees F (112 degrees C).
Pour water out of the baking pan. Line pan with aluminum foil. Remove steak from the bag and place it on the pan. Pour marinade around steak. Gather sides of the aluminum foil into a tight ball around the steak.
Bake in the preheated oven until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center reads 130 degrees F (54 degrees C) for medium, about 20 minutes.
Remove steak from oven. Uncover and season both sides generously with salt and black pepper. Allow steak to rest.
Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat. Place a cast iron skillet on the grill and heat to 500 degrees F (260 degrees C).
Cook steak in the hot skillet until it forms a crust and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center reads 140 degrees F (60 degrees C) for medium, about 1 minute per side.

Submitter: 
vinnx
Description: 
This a recipe and combination of cooking methods I've developed over a few years. This is the recipe I use to make the most flavorful, tender, and juicy piece of steak. 

Just make sure you get a nice thick cut with the best marbling you can find. No recipe in the world can fix a bad cut of beef... this just helps make that cut of beef be the best it can be.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
3 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.67
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
2 hrs 32 mins
Number of servings: 
2 hrs
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
441 calories
38.8
g fat
3.8
g carbohydrates
19.4
g protein
122
mg cholesterol
353
mg sodium.
