URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/246288/the-best-panna-cotta-you-will-ever-have/
Title:
The Best Panna Cotta You Will Ever Have Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3343274.jpg
Ingredients:
2 vanilla beans
2 1/2 cups heavy whipping cream
1 cup white sugar
1 tablespoon unflavored gelatin
1/2 cup water
1 quart buttermilk
Blueberry Topping:
8 ounces fresh blueberries
1/2 cup orange juice
1 cup white sugar, or more to taste

Directions:
Place sixteen 4-ounce ramekins on a rimmed baking sheet.
Split vanilla bean lengthwise with the tip of a sharp knife. Holding the pod open, scrape seeds from each half using the flat side of your knife.
Fill a large pot halfway with water and bring to a simmer over medium heat.
Combine vanilla pods, scraped beans, heavy cream, and 1 cup sugar in a large bowl that will fit snugly into the pot; whisk thoroughly to mix. Place bowl over simmering water; whisk until cream mixture is just warm and sugar is dissolved, about 5 minutes.
Remove bowl from heat and strain cream mixture using a fine-mesh strainer. Pour out hot water.
Sprinkle gelatin over 1/2 cup water in a small bowl and stir quickly with a large toothpick until granules are separated. Pour gelatin into cream mixture and whisk thoroughly. Let sit until slightly cool, about 20 minutes.
Whisk buttermilk thoroughly into cream mixture; pour into ramekins. Cover with plastic wrap and chill until set, at least 6 hours and preferably overnight.
Place blueberries in a large saucepan over medium heat; cook until slightly toasted and starting to release their juices, about 5 minutes. Stir in orange juice and 1 cup sugar. Bring to a simmer and cook until mixture is reduced by half, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool until thickened and syrupy, about 30 minutes.
Run a thin knife around the edges of each ramekin. Invert panna cotta onto serving plates. Serve topped with blueberry topping.

Submitter: 
TheDoorMatt
Description: 
Got this from a restaurant I used to work at called Pizzeria 712 in Orem, Utah. It will knock your socks off! Super easy! Super fast!
Categories:
Desserts
Custards and Puddings

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
7 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
268 calories
14.4
g fat
33.6
g carbohydrates
2.9
g protein
53
mg cholesterol
79
mg sodium.
