URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/246309/camp-bread/
Title:
Camp Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3271578.jpg
Ingredients:
5 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for kneading
1/4 cup olive oil, plus more for brushing
1 tablespoon kosher salt
1 teaspoon cracked black pepper
1/2 ounce active dry yeast
1 2/3 cups warm water
1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh herbs such as rosemary or thyme
1 jalapeno or other chile, seeded, chopped
Lemons or limes for juicing

Directions:
In an electric mixer with a dough hook, add flour, olive oil, kosher salt, and black pepper. Turn on mixer to medium speed.
Stir yeast into warm water. Pour into flour mixture and mix until dough looks smooth.
Remove dough from mixer and place on floured surface. Gently knead for 1 minute.
Add finely chopped fresh herbs or chiles, if desired.
Cut dough into four equal parts. Wrap tightly with plastic wrap; refrigerate for at least 1 hour.
Unwrap dough and place on well-floured surface. Dust dough with flour and flatten dough with hands.
Let dough rest for about 10 minutes then stretch (as if it were pizza dough) pulling the dough out.
Shape into rectangles then brush with olive oil; season with salt and pepper.
On a medium hot grill, cook bread for 3 to 4 minutes per side. For citrus flavor, squeeze freshly squeezed lemon or lime juice over dough while it's grilling.
Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
FOX Broadcasting Company
Description: 
A grilled flat bread with char finishes that serves as a substantial vessel for any dip on race day.  Fire up the grill, pick up a few lemons, limes, jalapenos and chiles then head to your garden for fresh herbs to create a winning combination of flavors.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
NASCAR&#174;

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
713 calories
15.4
g fat
127.2
g carbohydrates
18.3
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
1450
mg sodium.
