URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/246364/spaghetti-squash-and-chard/
Title:
Spaghetti Squash and Chard Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4589542.jpg
Ingredients:
1 spaghetti squash, halved and seeded
3 tablespoons olive oil, or more as needed
1 small onion, diced
3 leaves green chard, stems and leaves diced
2 cloves garlic, chopped, or more to taste
1 tablespoon red pepper flakes
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 tomatoes, seeded and diced
1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley
3 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves stripped
1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place spaghetti squash cut-side down on a baking sheet.
Bake squash in the preheated oven until soft and easily pierced with a knife, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Remove from oven and cool until easily handled, 5 to 10 minutes. Use a fork to scrape insides of squash into spaghetti strands; transfer to a bowl.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onion and chard stems; cook and stir until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add garlic; cook and stir until soft, about 2 minutes. Stir in chard leaves; cook and stir until just wilted, about 3 minutes. Season with red pepper flakes, salt, and black pepper.
Stir squash, tomatoes, parsley, and thyme into the skillet. Cook and stir until flavors combine, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle Parmesan cheese on top before serving.

Submitter: 
hallz
Description: 
This is great for if you are cutting back on pasta or just trying something different. I came up with this dish for a light dinner but can it be served as a side or served with a salad. I prefer to serve this as a main dish with a light salad on the side. Spaghetti squash is a wonderful ingredient and is versatile with flavors. This dish tastes great with the Parmesan cheese at the end; add more at the table.
Categories:
Fruits and Vegetables
Vegetables
Squash
Winter Squash
Spaghetti Squash

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
201 calories
13.2
g fat
19.8
g carbohydrates
4.9
g protein
4
mg cholesterol
229
mg sodium.
