URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/246446/buchweizen-blinis-mit-raucherlachs-buckwheat-blinis-with-smoked-salmon/
Title:
Buchweizen-Blinis mit Raucherlachs (Buckwheat Blinis with Smoked Salmon) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1/2 teaspoon active dry yeast
1 cup warm milk
1/2 cup buckwheat flour
1/2 teaspoon white sugar
3/4 cup all-purpose flour
2 eggs, beaten
1/4 cup heavy whipping cream
2 tablespoons sour cream
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon vegetable oil, divided, or as needed
Topping
4 ounces smoked salmon, cut into thin strips
4 ounces sour cream
2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill

Directions:
Dissolve yeast in warm milk in a bowl. Let stand until yeast softens and begins to form a creamy foam, about 5 minutes. Stir in buckwheat flour and sugar; cover with a towel. Let rise in a warm place until doubled in volume, about 1 hour.
Whisk all-purpose flour, eggs, heavy whipping cream, sour cream, and salt into buckwheat mixture until smooth batter forms. Cover with a towel and let stand until batter is frothy and doubled in volume again, about 2 hours.
Heat 1 teaspoon vegetable oil in a non-stick skillet over high heat. Drop batter by tablespoonfuls onto skillet; cook until small bubbles rise to the top and edges are dry, about 2 minutes. Flip and cook until evenly browned on other side, about 2 minutes more. Repeat with remaining batter.
Top each blini with 1 salmon strip, a teaspoon-sized dollop of sour cream, and a sprinkle of dill.

Submitter: 
KarlHeinz
Description: 
A super canapé for an elegant brunch or dinner party. Light buckwheat blinis are topped with a classic combo of smoked salmon, sour cream and fresh dill. Start the blinis early because they need a few hours to rise.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Canapes and Crostini

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h 39 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
62 calories
3.2
g fat
5.7
g carbohydrates
2.7
g protein
22
mg cholesterol
75
mg sodium.
