URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/246673/corn-truffle-huitlacoche-quesadillas/
Title:
Corn Truffle (Huitlacoche) Quesadillas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3383510.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons butter
1/2 onion, chopped
1 garlic clove, minced
1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped
5 fresh epazote leaves
1 pound fresh corn truffles (huitlacoche)
sea salt to taste
10 (6 inch) yellow corn tortillas
1 pound Oaxaca cheese, separated into strings

Directions:
Melt butter in a skillet over medium heat; stir in onion, garlic, jalapeno pepper, and epazote and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Stir corn truffles into onion mixture; cook and stir until truffle liquid has evaporated, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and keep warm.
Heat a large griddle or skillet over medium heat until hot. Moisten both sides of two tortillas with water and place them, stacked together, onto the hot griddle; cook until the bottom tortilla is crisp, about 2 minutes. Flip the stacked tortillas and cook the other tortilla until crisp, about 2 minutes. Separate the two tortillas; place them separately, uncooked side down, onto the hot griddle. Cover the crisp side of one tortilla with 1/5 of the Oaxaca cheese; place 1/5 of the corn truffle mixture over the cheese, then lay the crisp side of the second tortilla on top to cover the truffle mix.
Cook, turning once, until both tortillas are crisp and cheese is melted, about 3 minutes; repeat with remaining tortillas, cheese, and corn truffle mixture. Cut each quesadilla into four wedges to serve.

Submitter: 
Crema
Description: 
Huitlacoche (pronounced wee-tlah-KOH-cheh) is a delicious corn fungus packed with nutrients and antioxidants. Known also as the Mexican truffle, it has been considered a delicacy in Mexico for thousands of years and its popularity is rapidly growing in the US and Europe. Enjoy it in these crispy quesadillas.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Latin American
Mexican

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
525 calories
32.2
g fat
35.6
g carbohydrates
27
g protein
107
mg cholesterol
723
mg sodium.
