URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/246638/korean-tteokguk-rice-cake-soup/
Title:
Korean Tteokguk (Rice Cake Soup) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4558013.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon olive oil, divided
2 eggs, separated
1 sheet nori (dry seaweed)
5 cups thinly sliced garae tteok (Korean glutinous rice cakes)
32 fluid ounces Korean beef bone stock (such as Ottogi®)
2 cloves garlic, minced, or more to taste
2 green onions, thin sliced
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Heat 1 1/2 teaspoon olive oil in a nonstick skillet over medium-low heat. Beat egg yolks in a small bowl and pour into the skillet. Tilt skillet so eggs yolks spread in a thin and even sheet. Cook until set, about 1 minute per side. Transfer to a cutting board and slice into thin strips. Repeat with egg whites.
Place nori in another skillet over medium heat; toast until bright green and crispy, about 30 seconds per side. Cut into thin strips.
Rinse rice cakes in cold water; drain.
Pour beef stock into a large pot; bring to a boil. Add rice cakes and garlic. Simmer until rice cake slices are tender, about 5 minutes. Add green onions; continue cooking until rice cakes start floating to the top, 3 to 5 minutes more. Season with salt and pepper.
Ladle soup into serving bowls. Garnish with egg and nori strips.

Submitter: 
mykoreaneats
Description: 
This is a traditional dish enjoyed by many--if not all--Koreans during the New Year's and Lunar New Year holidays. Although there wasn't a lot of time for cooking or eating, I got to experience a semi-instant tteokguk for New Year's Day thanks to a good friend of mine. Garnish with green onions; add mandu (dumplings) or thin slices of beef if you like. Serve hot, as rice cakes will get soggy over time.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
46 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
553 calories
6.2
g fat
111.5
g carbohydrates
9.4
g protein
62
mg cholesterol
567
mg sodium.
