URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/246644/korean-short-ribs-kalbi-jjim/
Title:
Korean Short Ribs (Kalbi Jjim) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
6 dried shiitake mushrooms
2 pounds beef short ribs
2 cups water
1 onion, sliced
2 tablespoons soy sauce
7 cloves garlic, minced
1 1/2 tablespoons brown sugar
1 tablespoon rice wine
1 Korean radish, peeled and cut into chunks
2 carrots, cut into chunks
6 roasted and peeled chestnuts (optional)
6 hard-boiled eggs, peeled (optional)
2 tablespoons corn syrup (mulyeot)
1 tablespoon sesame oil
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 green onion, chopped

Directions:
Soak shiitake mushrooms in a bowl of very warm water until softened, about 3 hours. Drain and slice into strips.
Soak short ribs in a bowl of cold water for 20 minutes, changing the water a few times. Drain and bring ribs to room temperature, about 30 minutes.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add short ribs; cook until no longer pink, about 10 minutes. Drain and rinse with cold water. Remove any loose particles and excess fat; transfer to a large pot.
Mix 2 cups water, sliced onion, soy sauce, garlic, brown sugar, and rice wine in a bowl; pour over ribs in the pot. Bring to a boil; cook for 20 to 25 minutes. Stir in shiitake mushrooms, radish, and carrot. Reduce heat to low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until short ribs are tender, about 1 hour.
Stir eggs, corn syrup, sesame oil, and black pepper into the pot. Increase heat to medium-high; cook, stirring frequently, until most of the cooking liquid has evaporated, about 15 minutes. Transfer short ribs to a serving platter and top with chopped green onion.

Submitter: 
dleewla
Description: 
Kalbi Jjim is a classic Korean beef dish. It uses the same meat as Kalbi Barbeque but the way it's cut is a little different. The meat is cut into squares instead of thin slices. It's a sweet beef dish that can be served a main dish for any occasion. Kids usually love this.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Beef Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
6 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
782 calories
53.5
g fat
40.3
g carbohydrates
34.2
g protein
411
mg cholesterol
652
mg sodium.
