URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/246620/fettuccine-and-zoodles-topped-with-chicken-sausage-asparagus-and-mushrooms/
Title:
Fettuccine and Zoodles Topped with Chicken Sausage, Asparagus, and Mushrooms Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/3472548.jpg
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons olive oil, divided
1 (16 ounce) package chicken Italian sausage, casings removed
1 (8 ounce) package sliced fresh mushrooms
½ cup diced onion
1 cup chicken broth
½ pound fresh asparagus, cut into 1-inch pieces
salt and ground black pepper to taste
½ cup half-and-half
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon butter
1 (9 ounce) package fresh fettuccine (such as Buitoni(<sup>&reg;</sup>))
3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced
2  zucchini, cut into spirals using a spiral slicer
¼ teaspoon red pepper flakes
2 tablespoons shaved Parmesan cheese, or to taste

Directions:
Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a skillet over medium heat; cook and stir sausage until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Transfer sausage to a bowl.
Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in the same skillet; cook and stir mushrooms and onion until onions are softened and mushrooms are softened yet still firm, about 5 minutes. Add chicken broth and asparagus; cook and stir for 3 minutes. Season mixture with salt and pepper.
Move vegetables to the edge of the skillet and add half-and-half, flour, and butter; cook and stir until a thick and smooth sauce forms, 5 to 7 minutes. Add sausage to the skillet and stir vegetables into sauce.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook fettuccine in the boiling water until tender yet firm to the bite, 1 to 3 minutes; drain.
Heat remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a separate skillet over medium heat; cook and stir garlic until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add zucchini noodles (zoodles) and red pepper flakes; cook and stir until tender yet firm to the bite, 5 to 7 minutes. Mix fettuccine into zoodle mixture.
Divide zoodle-fettuccine mixture among serving plates and top with sausage mixture. Sprinkle Parmesan cheese over each.

Submitter: 
abby hall
Description: 
This dish is hearty and satisfying for both the health-conscious and zoodle-skeptical. My husband said it looked 'gourmet' and that the taste was 'restaurant-quality'. I prepped the ingredients ahead of time and threw it together at dinner time. This photo could have been better - I didn't think to take one until my husband self-served his second helping!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
5 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.8
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
50 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
599 calories
29.3
g fat
53.7
g carbohydrates
30.3
g protein
139
mg cholesterol
1382
mg sodium.
