URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/246661/jans-cavatelli-with-broccoli-rabe/
Title:
Jan's Cavatelli with Broccoli Rabe Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/4479920.jpg
Ingredients:
2 pounds ricotta cavatelli
1 pound broccoli rabe, chopped
1 tablespoon butter
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 pound Italian sausage, removing from casings and cut into bite-size pieces
1 large onion, diced
10 ounces roasted red peppers, cut into 1-inch strips
1 tablespoon chopped garlic
2 tablespoons concentrated chicken stock (such as Knorr(<sup>&reg;</sup>))
½ cup dry white wine
½ cup water
1 ½ teaspoons cornstarch
1 pinch salt and ground black pepper to taste
½ cup grated Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook cavatelli in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until tender yet firm to the bite, 9 to 11 minutes. Drain.
Fill the same pot with salted water and bring to a boil. Add broccoli rabe; cook until tender, 7 to 10 minutes. Drain.
Heat butter and olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add sausage and onion; cook and stir until sausage is no longer pink, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in broccoli rabe, roasted red peppers, and garlic. Cook until flavors combine, about 5 minutes.
Dissolve chicken stock with white wine and water in a small bowl. Whisk in cornstarch. Pour chicken stock mixture into the skillet. Season with salt and pepper. Bring sauce to a simmer until slightly thickened, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from heat.
Pour sauce over cooked cavatelli and top with Parmesan cheese. Toss lightly and serve.

Submitter: 
What's for dinner, mom?
Description: 
Quick, easy and definitely delicious. Spicy sausage and creamy cavatelli is tossed with tangy broccoli rabe in a delicate chicken and wine sauce. I also use gnocchi in place of the cavatelli on occasion.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
4 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 5 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
656 calories
17.4
g fat
94.6
g carbohydrates
28.2
g protein
31
mg cholesterol
1270
mg sodium.
