URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/246714/larb-gai-nikki-style/
Title:
Larb Gai Nikki-Style Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5970417.jpg
Ingredients:
Dressing:
2 lemons, juiced
1 lime, juiced
2 tablespoons fish sauce, or more to taste
1 tablespoon rice vinegar
1 teaspoon white sugar
1 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1 teaspoon lemon zest
1 pound ground turkey
1 clove garlic, minced
1 cup water to cover
1/2 red onion, thinly sliced
1 carrot, shredded
1/2 cup coarsely chopped chestnuts
3 Thai chile peppers, sliced
3 green onions, sliced
1/4 cup chopped fresh mint
1/3 cup chopped fresh Thai basil
2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro
3 tablespoons toasted rice powder
2 tablespoons Thai chile flakes

Directions:
Whisk lemon juice, lime juice, fish sauce, rice vinegar, sugar, cayenne, and lemon zest together in a bowl until dressing is smooth.
Spread ground turkey in a thin layer in a arge skillet; add garlic. Pour enough water into the skillet to cover the turkey; bring to a boil. Cook and stir turkey mixture, breaking the meat apart with a fork, until turkey is browned and crumbly, 7 to 10 minutes. Drain liquid and transfer turkey to a large glass bowl.
Mix red onion, carrot, chestnuts, Thai chile peppers, green onions, mint, basil, and cilantro into turkey until well combined. Refrigerate mixture until chilled, about 30 minutes.
Sprinkle rice powder and Thai chile flakes over turkey mixture and mix well.

Submitter: 
yobodish
Description: 
Bad haircuts make me crazy. Literally. I turn into a 3-year-old, crying, sniffling, ranting things like, 'My hair will never grow back!' So, when I met Nikki over a decade ago, I've stuck to her like how Bon Jovi groupies have stuck to the oh so fab Jon. 

On my recent visit with Nikki, I learned that not only is she an ace stylist, she apparently is the keeper of Thai cooking secrets. I'm usually dozing when Nikki is doing her hair magic… the reason why I didn't know this sooner. 

Anyway, Nikki shared her mom's ground chicken cooking technique for Larb Gai. Hope you enjoy it.
Categories:
Salad

Number of ratings:
8 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.625
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
270 calories
9.8
g fat
22.3
g carbohydrates
24.9
g protein
84
mg cholesterol
630
mg sodium.
