URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/246717/indian-butter-chicken-chicken-makhani/
Title:
Indian Butter Chicken (Chicken Makhani) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/5176729.jpg
Ingredients:
2 teaspoons garam masala
2 teaspoons tandoori masala powder
2 teaspoons Madras curry powder
1 teaspoon ground cumin
½ teaspoon ground cardamom
½ teaspoon ground cayenne pepper
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 ½ pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into bite-size pieces
3 tablespoons butter, divided
1  yellow onion, chopped
1 tablespoon lemon juice
4 cloves garlic, minced
2 teaspoons chopped fresh ginger
1 cup tomato puree
1 cup half-and-half
¼ cup plain yogurt
⅓ cup cashews
1 bunch fresh cilantro, stems removed

Directions:
Mix garam masala, tandoori masala, curry, cumin, cardamom, cayenne, salt, and black pepper together in a small bowl to make spice mixture.
Place chicken in a large bowl and add 1/2 the spice mixture; turn to coat evenly.
Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add chicken; cook and stir until lightly browned, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat.
Melt remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion; cook and stir until soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in remainder of the spice mixture, lemon juice, garlic, and ginger; cook and stir until combined, about 1 minute.
Stir tomato puree into onion mixture and cook, stirring frequently, about 2 minutes. Pour in half-and-half and yogurt. Reduce heat to low and simmer sauce, stirring frequently, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat.
Blend cashews in a blender until finely ground. Add sauce to the blender; puree until smooth.
Pour blended sauce over chicken in the skillet. Simmer until thickened, 10 to 15 minutes. Garnish with cilantro.

Submitter: 
RFalgout
Description: 
Delicious Indian butter chicken at home. It is so flavorful and easy to prepare. Add your favorite veggies to make it a complete meal. The entire family loves it. Serve over warm basmati rice along with some naan bread.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
26 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.88
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 8 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
552 calories
38
g fat
22
g carbohydrates
33.2
g protein
142
mg cholesterol
542
mg sodium.
