URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/246872/homemade-gluten-free-gnocchi/
Title:
Homemade Gluten-Free Gnocchi Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3569039.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 pounds potatoes
1 egg at room temperature, lightly beaten
1/3 cup potato starch
1 tablespoon sweet rice flour
1/2 teaspoon fine salt
2 tablespoons rice flour, or as needed

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Prick each potato a few times with a fork and place on a baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until tender when pierced with a knife, about 50 minutes. Cool until easily handled, about 10 minutes.
Peel potatoes and pass through a ricer or food mill into a large bowl. Make a well in the mashed potatoes with a wooden spoon and pour in egg; mix well.
Whisk potato starch, sweet rice flour, and salt together in a bowl. Sprinkle over potato mixture; stir until a soft dough has formed. Cut dough into 4 equal parts with a knife or pastry cutter.
Dust work surface with rice flour to keep dough from sticking. Roll out 1 piece of dough into a rope about 1 inch in diameter. Cut into 1-inch gnocchi. Gently roll each one with the back of a fork to create ridges. Repeat with remaining dough.
Shake off any excess rice flour and let gnocchi rest, about 5 minutes.
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add gnocchi in batches and cook, without stirring, until they float to the top, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
There is nothing like homemade gnocchi. They taste like potatoes with a bouncy texture, even without gluten. This gluten-free version uses a trick from the past when Italian cooks would toss potatoes into a fire or oven that was being cooled down so as not to waste the heat. Surplus baked potatoes became gnocchi because they have very little moisture (the secret to firm gnocchi) and they have a roasted potato flavor, taking your dish one step farther.
Categories:
Main Dish
Dumplings

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 41 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
107 calories
0.8
g fat
22.6
g carbohydrates
2.8
g protein
23
mg cholesterol
160
mg sodium.
