URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/246968/luis-zucchini-leek-pho/
Title:
Lui's Zucchini Leek Pho Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3535791.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
2 cloves garlic, minced
8 cups chicken broth
3 large carrots, sliced into 1/4-inch pieces
1 teaspoon curry powder
1 teaspoon ginger powder
1 pinch cayenne pepper, or more to taste
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 tablespoons lime juice
2 large zucchini, peeled and cut into noodle shape
1 large leek, sliced into 1/4-inch pieces
3 stalks celery, sliced into 1/4-inch pieces
1 cup sliced fresh mushrooms
1/2 cup chopped cilantro

Directions:
Heat oil in a large stockpot over medium-high heat; cook and stir garlic until fragrant and browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Increase heat to high; add chicken chicken broth and bring to a boil. Add carrots, curry powder, ginger, cayenne pepper, salt, and pepper; cook and stir until carrots are tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Add lime juice.
Stir zucchini noodles, leek, celery, and mushrooms into broth; cook, stirring occasionally, until liquid boils again. Reduce heat and simmer until vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes.
Pile the zucchini noodles and vegetables into each serving bowl using tongs or pasta forks. Ladle broth over them and top with cilantro.

Submitter: 
Lui Maravilla
Description: 
This was perfect when the family was down with colds! The zucchini replaces noodles in the soup and no one even realizes it until you tell them. Add black olives, green onions, more leek, and/or cooked chicken in the last 10 minutes of cooking the pho, if desired. Put cilantro and lime on the table so folks can add more to their dishes. Water crackers or hard-crusted dipping bread are nice on the side. And if anyone is suffering from a head cold, just leaning over their hot bowl inhaling the vapors is soothing therapy!
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Vegetable Soup
Squash Soup
Zucchini Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.875
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
149 calories
7.6
g fat
19.3
g carbohydrates
4.1
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
128
mg sodium.
