URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/246993/guay-diaw-lawd-pork-belly-chicken-wing-and-noodle-stew/
Title:
Guay Diaw Lawd (Pork Belly, Chicken Wing, and Noodle Stew) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
10 dried shiitake mushrooms
1/2 cup peeled and chopped cilantro root
1/4 cup coarsely chopped garlic
2 tablespoons black peppercorns
2 (32 ounce) cartons beef stock
9 ounces pork belly, cut into 3/4-inch pieces
1 pound chicken wings
9 ounces firm tofu, cut into 1/3-inch chunks
9 ounces pickled radish (jap chai), diced
2 tablespoons oyster sauce, or more to taste
2 tablespoons dark sweet soy sauce (pad se ew), or more to taste
1 dash fish sauce, or more to taste
sea salt to taste
1 (16 ounce) package wide rice noodles
2 cups bean sprouts
1 cup green onions, sliced
1 cup chopped cilantro leaves

Directions:
Place shiitake mushrooms in a small bowl. Cover with hot water and let soak until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain. Squeeze out excess water and slice.
Pound cilantro root, garlic, and black peppercorns into a coarse paste in a mortar and pestle. Transfer paste to a large pot.
Pour beef stock into the pot. Add pork belly and chicken wings. Bring to a simmer; cook for 10 minutes. Add sliced shiitake mushrooms, tofu, and pickled radish. Simmer soup until chicken wings are cooked through, about 45 minutes. Stir in oyster sauce and soy sauce. Season with fish sauce and sea salt.
Place a steamer basket into a large pot and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer. Bring water to a boil. Add noodles, cover, and steam until tender, about 5 minutes.
Place some noodles in each serving bowl and ladle soup on top. Garnish with bean sprouts, green onions, and cilantro.

Submitter: 
Wiley
Description: 
This recipe creates a stunning dish with many layers and textures. Fortunately, it is very easy to make in just one pot! This recipe feeds about 5 people, but it can easily be increased for a party if needed. Serve with red pepper flakes, chile vinegar, and fried garlic alongside for guests to flavor the soup as they wish. Leftovers are easily reheated.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Noodle Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
647 calories
15.7
g fat
96.6
g carbohydrates
28.7
g protein
34
mg cholesterol
1612
mg sodium.
