URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/246945/salsa-roja-chicken/
Title:
Salsa Roja Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F5208129.jpg
Ingredients:
1 ½ pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into six 4-ounce portions
¼ cup all-purpose flour, or more as needed
1 pinch salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 tablespoon olive oil, or as needed
1 (15 ounce) can diced tomatoes
1 cup tomato salsa
1 tablespoon chili powder
½ teaspoon ground cumin
½ cup chicken stock
2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice
4 ounces crumbled cotija cheese, divided
1 (6 inch) corn tortilla, cut into 1/2-inch squares
1 cup stemmed and chopped fresh cilantro leaves

Directions:
Place chicken between 2 sheets of heavy plastic on a solid, level surface. Firmly pound chicken with the smooth side of a meat mallet to 1/2-inch thickness.
Combine flour, salt, and ground black pepper in a shallow dish. Dredge chicken in flour mixture.
Coat a large skillet with olive oil; heat over medium-high heat. Reduce heat to medium and add chicken; cook until golden brown, 5 to 6 minutes. Flip chicken and continue cooking until second side is golden brown, about 4 minutes more.
Stir diced tomatoes, salsa, chili powder, and cumin into the skillet. Cook until flavors combine, 2 to 3 minutes. Add chicken stock and lime juice; stir to blend. Transfer chicken to a serving platter. Add 3 ounces cotija cheese and tortilla pieces to the sauce; simmer, about 1 minute. Spoon sauce over chicken on the platter.
Garnish chicken with remaining 1 ounce cotija cheese and fresh cilantro.

Submitter: 
Sherbg
Description: 
Quick pan-seared chicken breasts served with salsa, cotija cheese, and cilantro for a wonderful south-of-the-border taste. The whole family loves this! Easy and quick. Garnish with chopped avocado and sour cream if you like. Serve with Mexican rice and a tossed green salad.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
37 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
297 calories
12.1
g fat
13.8
g carbohydrates
32.1
g protein
89
mg cholesterol
699
mg sodium.
