URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/246926/tofu-meatballs-with-no-fat-added/
Title:
Tofu Meatballs with No Fat Added Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1 (14 ounce) package firm tofu (such as Nasoya(<sup>&reg;</sup>) Lite Firm), drained
¼ cup cornmeal
¼ cup rolled oats
¼ cup oat bran
¼ cup ground flax seeds
2 tablespoons Dijon mustard
1 ½ tablespoons steak seasoning (such as Mrs. Dash(<sup>&reg;</sup>))
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1 tablespoon vegan Worcestershire sauce
2 teaspoons smoked paprika
1 teaspoon dried oregano
½ teaspoon liquid smoke
½ teaspoon brown sugar
fresh cracked black pepper, or to taste
8 ounces mushrooms, grated, or more to taste
1  onion, minced
1 clove garlic, minced, or more to taste
1 bunch parsley, minced
1 splash dry red wine, or as needed

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with a silicone liner or parchment paper.
Place tofu in a large bowl; crumble into small pieces using a pastry blender. Add cornmeal, rolled oats, oat bran, ground flax seeds, Dijon mustard, steak seasoning, soy sauce, Worcestershire sauce, paprika, oregano, liquid smoke, brown sugar, and black pepper.
Place grated mushrooms in a large skillet over medium heat; cook and stir until they soften and release their liquid, 3 to 5 minutes. Add to tofu mixture in the bowl; stir well to combine.
Place onion and garlic in the same skillet; cover and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Stir into tofu mixture in the bowl.
Place parsley in the skillet and cook, covered, until wilted, 3 to 5 minutes. Mix into tofu mixture. Add enough wine to make the mixture moist enough to shape into balls. Arrange balls on the lined baking sheet.
Bake meatballs in the preheated oven until browned and crisp on the outside, about 1 hour.

Submitter: 
kxcakes
Description: 
Vegan meatballs. Super healthy, low calorie, and very versatile. The mix of grains and flours is very flexible - use whatever you have on hand. The seasonings could easily be altered to make this recipe suitable for any ethnicity. I usually serve them over spaghetti with a simple red sauce on top. You can make it into a meatloaf instead of meatballs.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
1
Prep time: 
35 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 46 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
123 calories
4.6
g fat
15.7
g carbohydrates
7.5
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
779
mg sodium.
