URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/247162/craving-vietnamese-salad/
Title:
Craving-Vietnamese Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Marinade:
1/4 cup mirin (Japanese sweet wine)
3 tablespoons soy sauce
3 tablespoons fish sauce
1 tablespoon sriracha sauce, or more to taste
1 tablespoon brown sugar
1 tablespoon minced garlic
1 pound thin-cut boneless pork chops, sliced very thinly
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
Salad:
1 (8 ounce) package rice vermicelli noodles
1 pound cooked and peeled shrimp
1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced
1 head red leaf lettuce, coarsely shredded
1 1/2 cups matchstick-cut carrots
1 cucumber - peeled, seeded, and cut into 1-inch matchsticks
1/2 red bell pepper, cut into 1-inch matchsticks
1 bunch cilantro, stems discarded
Dressing:
1/2 cup bottled Asian sesame dressing
1/3 cup mirin (Japanese sweet wine)
1/4 cup fish sauce
1 tablespoon sriracha sauce, or more to taste
Topping:
3/4 cup salted peanuts

Directions:
Combine 1/4 cup mirin, soy sauce, 3 tablespoons fish sauce, 1 tablespoon sriracha sauce, brown sugar, and garlic in a bowl. Stir in pork. Let marinate in the refrigerator, 1 to 4 hours.
Heat vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add pork, discarding marinade; cook and stir until lightly browned, 5 to 10 minutes. Drain excess juices and allow to cool to room temperature, about 15 minutes.
Place noodles in a large bowl and cover with boiling water. Let soak until softened, about 5 minutes. Drain and cut into short lengths.
Combine drained noodles, shrimp, scallions, lettuce, carrots, cucumber, red bell pepper, and cilantro in a large bowl to make salad. Stir in pork.
Mix sesame dressing, 1/3 cup mirin, 1/4 cup fish sauce, and 1 tablespoon sriracha sauce in a bowl to make dressing. Pour over salad and toss until well-mixed.
Grind peanuts coarsely in a food processor. Sprinkle on top of the salad.

Submitter: 
www.spncp.xyz
Description: 
I live in rural West Virginia, and when I crave Vietnamese food there is no restaurant to satiate that craving, so I came up with this close simulation of a noodle bowl entree to cure the craving! The spiciness can be varied to suit your diners, but nearly everyone loves this salad. It makes a lot, so is suitable for cookouts or group suppers. Lots of ingredients, but well worth the bother! Folks will rave, so it is worth it.
Categories:
Salad
Seafood Salad
Shrimp Salad

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
2 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
478 calories
21.6
g fat
39.6
g carbohydrates
28.1
g protein
130
mg cholesterol
1926
mg sodium.
