URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/247124/csa-stir-fry-with-dressing/
Title:
CSA Stir-Fry with Dressing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Dressing:
3 tablespoons brown bean sauce
2 tablespoons rice vinegar
1 tablespoon sweet chili sauce
1 tablespoon chopped lemongrass
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1 teaspoon lemon juice
1 teaspoon spicy chile sauce
1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger
1 teaspoon sliced fresh ginger
Stir-Fry:
9 ounces soba noodles
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 bunch garlic scapes, chopped
1 bunch radishes, diced
1 bunch turnip greens, chopped
1/2 cup snap peas, trimmed
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1 teaspoon white sugar, or to taste
1 teaspoon vegetable oil
5 leaves Swiss chard, chopped
2 tablespoons sesame seeds (optional)

Directions:
Whisk bean sauce, vinegar, sweet chile sauce, lemongrass, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, lemon juice, spicy chile sauce, minced ginger, and sliced ginger together in a bowl until dressing is well combined.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook soba noodles in boiling water, stirring occasionally, until noodles are tender yet firm to the bite, 10 to 12 minutes. Drain.
Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a wok or large skillet over medium-high heat; add garlic scapes and cook until tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Add radishes, turnip greens, snap peas, and 1 tablespoon soy sauce; sprinkle sugar over top. Cook and stir mixture until radish is tender and turnip greens are wilted, 5 to 10 minutes.
Mix dressing and soba noodles into garlic scape mixture.
Heat 1 teaspoon oil in a separate skillet over medium heat; cook and stir chard until it starts to wilt, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove skillet from heat and divide chard between 2 plates. Top chard with noodle mixture and add sesame seeds.

Submitter: 
Leah
Description: 
This is a great way to use up all the vegetables you get from your CSA share or just a way to celebrate the bounty of summer! Topped with an Asian inspired dressing, this is summer at it's best.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
931 calories
23.8
g fat
161.7
g carbohydrates
34.2
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
2609
mg sodium.
