URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/247103/brinjal-eggplant-in-coconut-milk/
Title:
Brinjal (Eggplant) in Coconut Milk Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 large brinjal (eggplant), sliced
1/4 teaspoon chile powder, or more to taste
1/8 teaspoon turmeric powder, or more to taste
1 tablespoon vegetable oil, or more as needed
salt to taste
1 cup coconut milk, or more to taste
2 tablespoons tamarind pulp, juice squeezed and reserved
1 1/2 tablespoons chile powder
1 tablespoon coriander powder
1/2 teaspoon turmeric powder
For Tempering:
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 teaspoon mustard seed
1 sprig fresh curry leaves
2 dried red chile peppers

Directions:
Season brinjal with 1/4 teaspoon chile powder, 1/8 teaspoon turmeric powder, and salt; set aside until flavors to set, 3 to 4 minutes.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over medium heat; cook and stir brinjal until lightly browned and tender, about 10 minutes. Remove skillet from heat.
Combine coconut milk, reserved tamarind juice, 1 1/2 tablespoons chile powder, coriander powder, 1/2 teaspoon turmeric powder in a saucepan; heat over medium heat until flavors have combined, 5 to 10 minutes. Add cooked brinjal and mix well.
Heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a separate skillet over medium heat; add mustard seed, curry leaves, and dried chile peppers. Cook and stir until fragrant and toasted, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour oil mixture over brinjal.

Submitter: 
Aysha Shifna
Description: 
I learned This dish from my mother and I am eternally grateful for everything she taught me..actually I am a brinjal hater before and I never wanted to taste this ever in my life. Years passed and after my marriage I wanted to try this for my darling and I made it as per my umma's instructions. It was a hit dish and everyone loved it in my family. When I tasted it, I really loved the flavor and taste and wanted to share it here. The main highlight of this dish is mainly sour taste of tamarind. If you are looking for quick south Indian meal ideas, this could be one of the choices.
Categories:
Side Dish
Vegetables
Eggplant

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
221 calories
16.1
g fat
19.6
g carbohydrates
4
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
37
mg sodium.
