URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/247184/fried-rice-with-bacon-and-sriracha/
Title:
Fried Rice with Bacon and Sriracha Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F3637126.jpg
Ingredients:
½ cup frozen corn, thawed
½ cup frozen peas, thawed
¼ cup water, divided
3  eggs
1 teaspoon butter
3 slices bacon
2 tablespoons peanut oil
4 cups cooked medium-grain jasmine rice, cold
3 tablespoons sriracha sauce
2 tablespoons soy sauce
2 tablespoons fish sauce

Directions:
Mix corn, peas, and 1 tablespoon water in a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on high until tender, about 2 minutes.
Whisk 1 tablespoon water and 1 egg together in a small bowl.
Melt butter in a wok or large skillet over medium heat. Pour in egg; cook until set, about 1 minute per side. Transfer cooked egg into to a plate and slice. Repeat with remaining 2 tablespoons water and remaining 2 eggs.
Place bacon in the wok and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain bacon slices on paper towels and slice.
Reheat wok over high heat, about 1 minute. Swirl in oil; heat until it shimmers. Break up large clumps of rice with wet fingers to separate the grains. Add 2 handfuls of rice to the wok and cook, stirring constantly, until it stars to crisp up, about 1 minute. Transfer to a bowl. Repeat with remaining rice.
Reduce heat to medium; return all rice to the wok. Stir in sriracha sauce, soy sauce, and fish sauce until rice is well-coated and heated through, about 2 minutes. Add corn, peas, eggs, and bacon; toss together until combined, about 3 minutes.

Submitter: 
Anonymous
Description: 
Fried rice that is quick, easy, and very flavorful. This recipe has been requested so many times by my family and friends I finally decided to place it on here for all to enjoy. Happy cooking!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
4 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.75
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
36 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
446 calories
14.9
g fat
62.4
g carbohydrates
14.1
g protein
150
mg cholesterol
1712
mg sodium.
