URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/247190/chinese-stir-fried-sticky-rice-with-chinese-sausage/
Title:
Chinese Stir-Fried Sticky Rice with Chinese Sausage Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4540575.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups glutinous rice
8 dried shiitake mushrooms
1/3 cup dried shrimp
2 dried scallops
1 teaspoon olive oil
3 eggs, beaten
3 links Chinese sausage, diced
2 cups hot water, or more as needed
2 tablespoons light soy sauce, or to taste
2 teaspoons dark soy sauce
1 teaspoon white sugar
1/2 cup chopped cilantro, or to taste

Directions:
Soak rice in a large bowl of water until mostly translucent, about 4 hours. Rinse and drain thoroughly.
Soak mushrooms, shrimp, and scallops in 3 separate bowls of water until softened, about 15 minutes. Drain, reserving mushroom water and discarding other water. Chop mushrooms, shrimp, and scallops into small pieces.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Pour eggs into skillet, swirling to spread out into a thin layer. Cook until mostly firm, about 1 minute. Flip and cook until no longer runny, 3 to 5 minutes.
Transfer egg to a cutting board and allow to cool slightly. Roll into a long tube and slice into thin ribbons.
Stir Chinese sausage into the same skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir until fragrant and some of the oil is released, about 3 minutes. Add mushrooms, shrimp, and scallops; cook for 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer sausage mixture to a bowl.
Stir drained rice into the skillet. Cook and stir until lightly toasted, 1 to 2 minutes. Pour in reserved mushroom water, stirring constantly until water is absorbed. Add hot water, 1/2 cup at a time, stirring until water is absorbed between each addition. Cook until rice is softened, about 25 minutes.
Season rice with light soy sauce, dark soy sauce, and sugar. Stir in egg ribbons and sausage mixture. Top with cilantro before serving.

Submitter: 
hello angie
Description: 
Glutinous rice (aka sticky rice) is slowly cooked on the stove, similar to the way risotto is cooked. This flavorful dish is worth the effort.
Categories:
Main Dish
Rice
Fried Rice

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
5 h 6 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
545 calories
16.4
g fat
82.8
g carbohydrates
21.8
g protein
104
mg cholesterol
831
mg sodium.
