URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/247111/mangalore-mutton-curry-/
Title:
Mangalore Mutton Curry  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 teaspoon vegetable oil
15 whole black peppercorns
1 tablespoon white poppy seeds (khus khus)
4 whole cloves (lavang)
1 cinnamon stick (dalchini)
4 dried red chile peppers
1 teaspoon cumin seeds (jeera)
1 pod black cardamom (badi elaichi)
1/2 cup grated coconut
3 large onions, quartered
6 cloves garlic
1 (1 1/2 inch) piece ginger root, peeled
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
2 large tomatoes, pureed
1 teaspoon ground turmeric (haldi)
salt to taste
1 pound boneless lamb, cut into small pieces
1/2 pound potatoes, quartered
1 cup water
1 tablespoon tamarind paste
1 teaspoon white sugar
1/4 cup fresh cilantro leaves, or to taste

Directions:
Heat 1 teaspoon vegetable oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Add peppercorns, poppy seeds, cloves, cinnamon stick, dried chile peppers, cumin seeds, and black cardamom; toast until fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a spice grinder, add grated coconut, and grind into a paste.
Combine onions, garlic, and ginger in a food processor; grind into a paste.
Heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a stovetop pressure cooker. Add onion paste; cook and stir until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Pour in pureed tomatoes; cook and stir until darkened, 4 to 5 minutes. Stir in turmeric and salt. Add lamb; cook and stir until evenly coated and starting to release some juices, about 10 minutes.
Stir coconut paste, potatoes, water, tamarind paste, and sugar into the pressure cooker. Bring to a boil. Cover, bring to high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions, and cook, about 10 minutes. Reduce heat and continue cooking, about 15 minutes more.
Release pressure according to manufacturer's instructions. Serve curry garnished with cilantro leaves.

Submitter: 
Susmita
Description: 
I first tried this curry in a restaurant in Bangalore. I loved it so much that I asked all my friends if they knew anyone from Mangalore who could share the recipe with me. Finally, one of my friends came through. Below is an adaptation of her mother's recipe. If you like peppery curries and tamarind, you are sure going to love this style of curry. Serve with steamed plain rice or with chapati.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Indian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 21 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
277 calories
14.4
g fat
24.8
g carbohydrates
14.8
g protein
36
mg cholesterol
68
mg sodium.
