URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/247270/eggs-strapazzate-del-giardino-with-white-asparagus/
Title:
Eggs Strapazzate del Giardino with White Asparagus Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3649619.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon vegetable bouillon (such as Better Than Bouillon®)
1 bunch white asparagus, trimmed and cut into 1-inch pieces
1 yellow onion, cut into large chunks
1 large green bell pepper, seeded and cut into large chunks
1 large carrot, peeled and cut into 1-inch pieces
3 tablespoons sunflower seed oil
1 clove garlic, minced
3 dashes seasoned salt (such as Spike® seasoning), or to taste
4 eggs, beaten
3/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Bring a large pot of water to a boil; stir in vegetable bouillon until dissolved. Add asparagus; boil until crisp tender, 2 to 4 minutes. Drain, discarding broth. Run cold water over asparagus to halt the cooking process, about 30 seconds. Drain.
Push onion through a food processor fitted with a shredder attachment. Repeat with bell pepper and carrot.
Heat oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add garlic; cook and stir until browned, about 1 minute. Stir in shredded onion, bell pepper, and carrot until coated with oil. Add seasoned salt. Cook, stirring occasionally, until mixture softens, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in asparagus.
Stir a dash of seasoned salt into beaten eggs. Pour into the skillet and stir to blend well. Cook until set, about 2 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low and stir frequently until eggs are scrambled and fully cooked, 2 to 5 minutes. Reduce heat to low; add Parmesan cheese and stir until melted, about 1 minute.

Submitter: 
brian10280
Description: 
This garden scramble of eggs in a bed of vegetables is well seasoned and doused with flavorful cheese, Italian-style. It goes well with a warm, toasted slice of ciabatta, focaccia, or whole grain bread. Ideally serve with a slotted spoon to strain off a bit of excess water from the vegetables.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Eggs
Scrambled Eggs

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
41 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
292 calories
20.1
g fat
14.8
g carbohydrates
15.8
g protein
199
mg cholesterol
494
mg sodium.
