URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/247265/honey-orange-marmalade/
Title:
Honey Orange Marmalade Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6114023.jpg
Ingredients:
4 oranges - peeled, seeds removed, and white pith removed
1 grapefruit - peeled, seeds removed, and white pith removed
1 1/4 cups white sugar, divided
3 tablespoons low-sugar pectin
1 cup orange juice
1 cup water
3/4 cup honey

Directions:
Place oranges and grapefruit in a food processor; pulse 8 times.
Transfer fruit to a pot and add 1/4 cup white sugar and pectin; stir in orange juice and water. Bring mixture to a boil; reduce heat and simmer for 8 minutes. Stir honey and remaining 1 cup sugar into marmalade and bring to a full boil for 1 minute.
Sterilize the jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes. Pack marmalade into hot, sterilized jars, filling to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a clean knife or thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars into the boiling water using a holder. Leave a 2-inch space between the jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary to bring the water level to at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a rolling boil, cover the pot, and process for 15 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
The Angerers
Description: 
My version of orange marmalade. I don't like the traditional bitter stuff with rinds in it - so mine is more like an orange jam.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Jams and Jellies

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
1
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
52
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
44 calories
0
g fat
11.4
g carbohydrates
0.2
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
< 1
mg sodium.
