URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/247220/jerk-salmon-/
Title:
Jerk Salmon  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
4 (3 ounce) fillets salmon fillets, or more to taste
ice cold water to cover
1 pinch salt
4 drops lemon juice
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoons jerk marinade, or more to taste
3 bunches scallions, chopped
1/2 yellow onion, thinly sliced
5 sprigs cilantro, chopped
1 teaspoon chopped ginger
2 tablespoons vegetable oil

Directions:
Place salmon in a large bowl with ice cold water and 1 pinch salt. Let soak, about 10 minutes. Run a knife along the skin to remove all scales.
Rinse salmon in ice cold water and lemon juice. Pat dry with a paper towel.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Combine garlic powder and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a small bowl. Sprinkle lightly over both sides of each salmon fillet. Rub jerk marinade over both sides of salmon.
Place salmon fillets in a large bowl. Add scallions, onion, cilantro, and ginger; mix well to combine.
Heat oil in an ovensafe skillet over medium heat. Cook salmon fillets skin-side down, in batches if necessary, until skin is golden, about 2 minutes. Flip and continue cooking until flesh is pale pink, 1 to 2 minutes more. Place skillet in the oven.
Bake salmon in the preheated oven until flesh flakes easily with a fork, about 2 minutes. Remove skillet from oven and allow salmon to rest before serving, 3 to 5 minutes.

Submitter: 
Cooking With Tammy
Description: 
My jerk salmon recipe is so delicious and savory, it is guaranteed to take your palates on a Caribbean vacation! Serve with salad or white rice, but honestly this jerk salmon recipe is so delicious it could be served with anything, or even eaten alone. Margaritas, anyone?
Categories:
World Cuisine
Latin American
Caribbean

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
48 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
265 calories
15.4
g fat
15.6
g carbohydrates
18.2
g protein
42
mg cholesterol
444
mg sodium.
