URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/247228/paleo-raw-carrot-cake/
Title:
Paleo Raw Carrot Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3411586.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup cashews
Base:
1 cup tightly-packed pitted dates
1 cup shredded carrots
1 cup walnuts
1/2 cup unsweetened coconut flakes
1/4 cup melted coconut oil
1/4 cup coconut flour
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
Icing:
2 tablespoons unsweetened coconut milk
2 tablespoons melted coconut oil
1 tablespoon maple syrup
1 teaspoon almond extract
2 tablespoons walnut pieces

Directions:
Place cashews in a bowl. Cover with water and let soak, 2 to 3 hours. Drain.
Line the bottom and sides of a loaf pan with parchment paper, leaving an overhang on both sides.
Place dates in the bowl of a food processor; pulse into a paste. Break up paste into smaller chunks to spread it evenly in the bowl. Add carrots, walnuts, coconut flakes, 1/4 cup coconut oil, coconut flour, cinnamon, ginger, and nutmeg; process until base mixture is well-combined.
Spread base mixture in the prepared loaf pan. Freeze until slightly firm, about 10 minutes.
Combine drained cashews, coconut milk, 2 tablespoons coconut oil, maple syrup, and almond extract in the food processor. Blend until a smooth and silky icing forms.
Pour icing over base and spread it evenly across to the edges with a spatula. Sprinkle walnut pieces on top; press them into the icing gently with your fingers.
Return loaf pan to the freezer. Freeze until firm, at least 4 hours but preferably overnight. Lift out of the pan and slice into 16 mini carrot cake bites.

Submitter: 
Megan Olson
Description: 
Paleo raw carrot cake is a spin on a traditional favorite! Made with a carrot, date and walnut base, this delicious cake is topped with a silky cashew maple coconut icing that's surprisingly healthy and good for you. This is what carrot cake dreams are made of! Keep carrot cake bites in a container in the freezer.
Categories:
Everyday Cooking
Vegan
Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
6 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
177 calories
14.1
g fat
13.1
g carbohydrates
2.3
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
34
mg sodium.
