URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/247422/chewy-vegan-granola-bars/
Title:
Chewy Vegan Granola Bars  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 cup coarsely chopped raw pumpkin seeds
1 cup coarsely chopped raw walnuts
1 cup coarsely chopped raw almonds
2/3 cup rolled oats
1/4 cup shredded coconut (optional)
2 tablespoons cacao nibs, or more to taste (optional)
1 tablespoon flaxseed meal, or more to taste (optional)
cooking spray
1 cup chopped dried fruit
1/4 cup mini bittersweet chocolate chips, or to taste (optional)
2 teaspoons cinnamon
2/3 cup brown rice syrup

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Spread pumpkin seeds, walnuts, almonds, oats, coconut, cacao nibs, and flaxseed meal in a single layer on the baking sheet.
Bake pumpkin seed mixture in the preheated oven until toasted and fragrant, 10 to 12 minutes. Let cool completely, about 15 minutes.
Lower oven temperature 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Spray a 9x12-inch baking dish with cooking spray and line with parchment paper, leaving an overhang on 2 sides. Spray parchment paper with cooking spray.
Mix cooled pumpkin seed mixture, dried fruit, mini chocolate chips, and cinnamon together in a large bowl. Pour in brown rice syrup; mix well to combine. Pour into the prepared pan and press into an even layer with the back of a spoon or a small piece of parchment paper.
Bake in the preheated oven until lightly browned on the edges, 17 to 20 minutes. Cool on a baking rack for 20 minutes. Slice into bars.

Submitter: 
Alex
Description: 
I started experimenting with making my own granola bars because the store-bought bars were too sugary. I wanted a mildly sweet, vegan, chewy granola bar that doesn't crumble and this is it! As you can see, the ingredients are flexible to adapt to your taste, and as long as you don't exceed the amounts and press the mixture well into the pan, you'll have a yummy snack that doesn't fall apart! The sweetness comes from the dried fruit and brown rice syrup, which makes this recipe unique among others that use additional brown or white sugar and butter.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Snacks
Granola Bars

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 22 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
250 calories
14.5
g fat
26.7
g carbohydrates
6.5
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
12
mg sodium.
