URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/247470/savory-oat-risotto/
Title:
Savory Oat Risotto Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F3627399.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cups chicken stock
1 bunch spring onions, chopped, or more to taste
5 tablespoons butter, divided
½ bunch spring garlic, minced, or more to taste
2 cups steel-cut oats
sea salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
⅓ cup white wine
½ cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese

Directions:
Heat chicken stock in a small saucepan over medium heat until simmering, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and cover to keep warm.
Measure out 2 tablespoons spring onion tops and reserve.
Heat 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat until melted. Add remaining spring onions to the skillet; cook and stir until wilted, about 1 minute. Add spring garlic; cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, 2 to 3 minutes.
Stir oats into the skillet for 30 seconds. Add 2 tablespoons butter; cook and stir until oats are toasted, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Pour in wine; cook and stir until wine has evaporated, about 3 minutes.
Ladle enough chicken stock into the skillet to cover oats; cook, stirring often, until stock is nearly absorbed, about 3 minutes. Repeat with remaining stock, stirring often until each addition is nearly absorbed before adding more, until oats are tender and creamy, about 24 minutes. Stir in reserved spring onion tops and cook, about 1 minute.
Reduce heat to low. Stir in remaining 1 tablespoon butter and Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese until melted, about 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper.

Submitter: 
Leslie Kelly
Description: 
Chicago-based filmmakers Matt Wechsler and Annie Speicher lead a busy life, especially with two small children to feed. Their meal plan frequently includes dishes made with good-for-the-planet ingredients. Oats are an essential rotation crop, delivering nutrients into the soil. So, they created a twist on the classic Italian preparation, swapping out rice for oats. This is best served with a hearty protein (beef, pork, lamb, goat, or chicken) and sauteed seasonal vegetables.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
53 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
552 calories
23
g fat
68.7
g carbohydrates
16.4
g protein
48
mg cholesterol
872
mg sodium.
