URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/247458/martys-ginger-pad-thai/
Title:
Marty's Ginger Pad Thai Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 (8 ounce) package rice noodles (rice vermicelli)
2 cups chicken stock
1 cup water
2 stalks lemongrass, chopped
1 cup peanuts
1/2 cup coconut powder
1 pound boneless chicken breast, sliced
1/4 cup oyster sauce
2 tablespoons fish sauce
2 tablespoons dark soy sauce
2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons ground black pepper
2 teaspoons peanut oil, divided
1/2 cup chopped ginger
1 small Spanish onion, chopped
2 jalapeno peppers, seeded and chopped
4 cloves garlic, chopped
1 habanero pepper, seeded and chopped, or more to taste
1 large carrot, cut into matchsticks
1 large yellow bell pepper, sliced
1 small green bell pepper, sliced
4 small radishes, sliced
1 large king oyster mushroom, sliced
2 tablespoons red curry paste
1 teaspoon curry powder, or more to taste
1/4 cup white wine
1/4 wedge lime, juiced
5 sprigs cilantro leaves, chopped

Directions:
Place noodles in a large pot and cover with lukewarm water. Let soak until softened, about 30 minutes. Bring to a boil; cook, stirring occasionally, until noodles are tender yet still firm to the bite, about 3 minutes. Drain and return to the pot.
Combine chicken stock, 1 cup water, and lemongrass in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil; simmer until broth is fragrant, about 5 minutes. Strain out lemongrass and discard.
Crush peanuts using a mortar and pestle. Toast in a wok or large skillet over medium heat until fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a bowl.
Toast coconut, stirring often, in the wok until golden brown and fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a bowl.
Place chicken in a large bowl. Coat with oyster sauce, fish sauce, soy sauce, salt, and pepper.
Heat 1 teaspoon peanut oil in the wok over medium-high heat. Add chicken mixture and ginger; cook and stir until chicken is browned, about 2 minutes per side. Remove from the wok.
Heat remaining 1 teaspoon peanut oil in the wok over medium-high heat. Add onion, jalapeno peppers, garlic, and habanero pepper; saute until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add carrot, yellow bell pepper, green bell pepper, and radishes; cook and stir for 1 minute. Stir in mushroom, red curry paste, and curry powder until well-combined, 1 to 2 minutes.
Pour broth and white wine into the wok. Cook until reduced, about 5 minutes. Stir in 1/2 of the toasted peanuts and all the coconut; simmer for 2 minutes. Add chicken; continue simmering until chicken is no longer pink in the center until sauce has reduced to about 1 1/2 cup, about 5 minutes.
Pour chicken and sauce over noodles in the pot; add remaining peanuts. Stir over low heat until well-combined, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour in lime juice and garnish with cilantro.

Submitter: 
starboontz
Description: 
A ginger/pad Thai crossbreed.
Categories:
Main Dish
Pasta
Chicken

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 h 59 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
740 calories
31.6
g fat
77.3
g carbohydrates
37.8
g protein
59
mg cholesterol
2942
mg sodium.
