URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/247694/italian-romanesco-cauliflower-salad/
Title:
Italian Romanesco Cauliflower Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4431440.jpg
Ingredients:
2 pounds broccoli, broken into florets
1 head cauliflower, broken into florets
1 head Romanesco cauliflower, broken into florets
2 lemons, juiced
6 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
1 clove garlic, minced
1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano
salt and ground black pepper to taste
10 green Italian olives, or more to taste
10 black Italian olives, or more to taste
2 papaccelle (pickled sweet peppers), cut into strips

Directions:
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add broccoli and cook uncovered until just tender, about 1 1/2 minutes. Remove to a plate with a slotted spoon, reserving water, and let cool.
Stir cauliflower into the boiling water. Cook until just tender, about 3 minutes. Remove to a plate with a slotted spoon, reserving water, and let cool.
Stir Romanesco cauliflower into the boiling water. Cook until just tender, about 3 minutes. Drain and let cool.
Whisk lemon juice, olive oil, garlic, oregano, salt, and pepper together in a small bowl to make dressing.
Layer broccoli, cauliflower, and Romanesco cauliflower on a round serving plate. Decorate each layer with green and black olives and strips of papaccelle. Pour dressing on top.

Submitter: 
linacavezza
Description: 
This is a traditional salad from Naples, known as Insalata di Rinforzo, which is typically served at Christmas time. It's lovely and colorful as it uses cauliflower, lime green Romanesco and dark green broccoli and is jazzed up with olives and red pickled peppers. It is served with a lemon-based vinaigrette and sometimes anchovies and capers.
Categories:
Salad
Vegetable Salads
Cauliflower

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
191 calories
12.9
g fat
16.6
g carbohydrates
6.4
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
274
mg sodium.
