URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/24782/makhani-chicken-indian-butter-chicken/?src=VD_Summary
Title:
Makhani Chicken (Indian Butter Chicken) Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1 ¾ pounds skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - cubed
1 tablespoon lemon juice
1 tablespoon chili powder
salt to taste
1 cup yogurt
salt to taste
2 tablespoons garlic paste
½ tablespoon garam masala
2 tablespoons melted butter
1 tablespoon chili powder
2 tablespoons ginger paste
2 tablespoons lemon juice
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 tablespoon butter
1 tablespoon garam masala
1 tablespoon ginger paste
1 tablespoon chopped garlic
1 tablespoon chopped green chile pepper
2 cups tomato puree
1 tablespoon chili powder
salt to taste
1 cup water
1 tablespoon honey
½ teaspoon dried fenugreek leaves
1 cup heavy cream

Directions:
To Marinate: Place chicken in a nonporous glass dish or bowl with lemon juice, 1 tablespoon chili powder and salt. Toss to coat; cover dish and refrigerate to marinate for 1 hour.
Drain yogurt in a cloth for 15 to 20 minutes. Place in a medium bowl; mix in salt, garlic paste, garam masala, butter, chili powder, ginger paste, lemon juice and oil. Pour yogurt mixture over chicken, replace cover and refrigerate to marinate for another 3 to 4 hours.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Place chicken on skewers. Place skewers in a 9x13 inch baking dish and bake in preheated oven for 20 minutes, or until almost cooked through.
To Make Sauce: Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Stir in garam masala. When masala begins to crackle, mix in ginger paste, chopped garlic and green chile peppers. Saute until tender, then stir in tomato puree, chili powder, salt and water. Bring to a boil; reduce heat to low and simmer, stirring in honey and fenugreek.
Place chicken in sauce mixture. Continue cooking for another 5 minutes, or until chicken is no longer pink inside. Stir in fresh cream.

Submitter: 
RKOZEL
Description: 
This fragrant, spicy Indian butter chicken recipe is from the owner of the India Cuisine restaurant in Seattle, Washington. Serve with hot Indian bread.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
174 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.45
Prep time: 
1 hr
Ready in:
5 hrs 15 mins
Number of servings: 
4 hrs
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
492 calories
28.4
g fat
19
g carbohydrates
35.8
g protein
149
mg cholesterol
666
mg sodium.
