URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/25308/roasted-three-squash-soup/
Title:
Roasted Three Squash Soup Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1  butternut squash, halved and seeded
1  acorn squash, halved and seeded
½  spaghetti squash, seeded
1 medium head garlic
3 tablespoons butter
1 large onion, chopped
1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger root
1 teaspoon curry powder
2  Granny Smith apples - cored, peeled and chopped
⅔ cup dry sherry
3 (14.5 ounce) cans vegetable broth
1 small red bell pepper, minced
1 sprig fresh rosemary, chopped
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
4 leaves fresh basil, chopped
1 teaspoon dried thyme
cracked black pepper to taste
salt to taste
cayenne pepper to taste
2  zucchini, chopped
3  green onions, chopped
1 cup hot water

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C).  Place the butternut, acorn and spaghetti squashes cut side down on a roasting pan.  Wrap garlic in foil, or place in a garlic roaster.  Roast squash and garlic in preheated oven for 50 to 60 minutes.
Melt butter in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium heat.  Saute the onion for 5 minutes, stirring frequently.  Stir in ginger and curry powder; cook 3 more minutes.  Stir in apples and sherry; reduce heat to medium-low and simmer for 15 minutes.  Transfer mixture to a blender and set aside.
When the squash and garlic are done squeeze half the garlic into the apple mixture.  Process mixture for 1 minute until blended, but still slightly chunky.  Return mixture to pot over medium-low heat.
In the blender, puree small batches of squash flesh and vegetable broth.  Transfer each batch to the pot with the apple mixture.
Stir in red bell pepper, rosemary, parsley, basil, thyme, black pepper, salt and cayenne.  Cover and simmer over low heat for 1 to 3 hours, stirring occasionally.
About 30 minutes before serving add zucchini, green onions and hot water.

Submitter: 
COLETTENOELLE
Description: 
While this simmered over low heat for several hours, I prepared a baked spinach dish I found at Allrecipes.com and steamed red potatoes to accompany this fabulous soup!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
10 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.3
Prep time: 
45 mins
Ready in:
3 hrs
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
212 calories
4.2
g fat
43.6
g carbohydrates
4.1
g protein
9
mg cholesterol
408
mg sodium.
