URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/254218/basil-cheesecake-with-strawberry-mousse/
Title:
Basil Cheesecake with Strawberry Mousse Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Cheesecake:
5 1/3 ounces chocolate cookie wafers
2 tablespoons butter, melted
1 cup heavy whipping cream
1 bunch fresh basil leaves
3 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese, softened
4 eggs
3/4 cup white sugar
1 tablespoon all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon cornstarch
Mousse:
1 (.25 ounce) package powdered gelatin
2 1/2 tablespoons cold water
1 1/3 cups strawberries, hulled and sliced
1/4 cup white sugar
3/4 cup heavy cream
2 tablespoons heavy cream

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Line a 9-inch springform tin with parchment paper.
Combine chocolate wafers and butter in a food processor; process into fine crumbs. Press crumbs evenly into the bottom of the tin. Transfer crust to the refrigerator.
Combine 1 cup heavy cream and basil in a food processor; blend until smooth. Add cream cheese, eggs, 3/4 cup sugar, flour, and cornstarch. Blend until smooth. Pour over chilled crust, smoothing the top with a spatula.
Bake in the preheated oven until surface is firm except for a small spot in the center that will jiggle when the tin is gently shaken, about 1 hour. Turn off oven and open the door. Leave cheesecake in the oven until completely cooled, about 1 hour.
Refrigerate cheesecake until completely set, about 6 hours.
Combine gelatin and water in a small bowl; let stand until softened, 3 to 5 minutes.
Place strawberries in a blender; blend until smooth and frothy.
Pour 1/3 of the strawberries in a saucepan over medium heat; add 1/4 cup sugar. Stir until sugar dissolves, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in gelatin mixture. Mix in remaining strawberries.
Whip 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons heavy cream with an electric mixer until stiff peaks form. Fold in strawberry mixture to make mousse.
Run a knife around the edges of the tin to remove cheesecake; place on a serving platter. Cover top and sides with mousse. Refrigerate until mousse is set, 2 to 3 hours.

Submitter: 
BeataSniechowska
Description: 
An unforgettable and unique combination that looks as gorgeous as it is to eat! An inventive sweet basil cheesecake is covered in a creamy strawberry mousse. Guests will ooh and aah over this stunning cheesecake!
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Strawberry Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
10 h 33 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
747 calories
58.1
g fat
46.7
g carbohydrates
13.3
g protein
270
mg cholesterol
438
mg sodium.
