URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/254208/hearty-potato-skillet/
Title:
Hearty Potato Skillet Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3658829.jpg
Ingredients:
5 medium potatoes, cut into large bite-size pieces
1 (12 ounce) package sausage links
4 thick slices bacon
2 ounces cooked ham, cubed
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 medium onion, diced
1 red bell pepper, diced
1/2 teaspoon seasoned salt, or to taste
Salt and pepper to taste
1 tablespoon butter
4 eggs
1/4 cup shredded Cheddar cheese, or more to taste

Directions:
Bring a large pot of salted water to boil; add potatoes and boil until just tender, 7 to 10 minutes. Drain.
Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium to medium-high heat and cook sausage links. When cooked through, remove to a plate. Add bacon to the same skillet and cook to nearly your desired doneness. During the last few minutes, add cubed ham to crisp and heat through, 5 to 8 minutes. Remove bacon and ham with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Reserve grease.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil over medium-high heat in a large pot. Add onion and bell pepper; season lightly with salt and pepper. Cook and stir occasionally until tender, 10 to 15 minutes.
Place cooked potatoes in the skillet with the bacon grease over medium heat. Brown on all sides, turning gently as needed. Season potatoes with seasoned salt and pepper, to taste.
Melt butter in a separate skillet over medium heat. Fry eggs to your desired doneness.
Distribute browned potatoes among 4 plates. Top with bell pepper-onion mixture, and the meats. Sprinkle with Cheddar cheese and top each with a fried egg.

Submitter: 
got milk?®
Description: 
Deliciously filling skillet with a crisped potato base, veggies, a trio of meats, a sprinkling of Cheddar cheese topped with a perfectly fried egg.  Enjoy this any time of day with a delicious glass of cold milk.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
got milk?&#174;

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
693 calories
34.8
g fat
52.7
g carbohydrates
41.7
g protein
289
mg cholesterol
1347
mg sodium.
