URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/254264/raspberry-and-pistachio-semifreddo/
Title:
Raspberry and Pistachio Semifreddo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5521231.jpg
Ingredients:
6 egg yolks
3 tablespoons honey
1 teaspoon honey
1 cup heavy whipping cream
8 ounces fresh raspberries
2 1/2 tablespoons chopped pistachio nuts

Directions:
Combine egg yolks with 3 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon honey in the large bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment; beat until volume doubles and mixture is pale and creamy, about 10 minutes.
Beat heavy cream in a bowl with an electric mixer until firm peaks form, 3 to 4 minutes. Gently fold cream into egg yolk mixture.
Line a loaf pan with parchment paper, leaving an overhang on both sides. Pour mixture into the pan, smoothing the top. Cover with plastic wrap.
Freeze until semifreddo is chilled, about 1 1/2 hour. Remove from freezer and stir in raspberries and pistachio nuts. Freeze until firm, at least 4 hours.
Let semifreddo soften in the refrigerator before serving, about 15 minutes. Turn out of the pan and cut into slices.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
I love this dessert because it is super easy to prepare! I serve this in the summer at our lake house and everyone gets so excited. I remember the first time I made it our friends the Zacharys were over for dinner and their eyes opened so wide when I walked out with this dessert. All I can say is that the semifreddo platter and everyone's plates were empty. Give this recipe a try if you want to impress your friends. It's gluten-free. Serve garnished with extra raspberries or puree some of the raspberries with a teaspoon of honey and drizzle on top.
Categories:
Desserts
Nut Desserts
Pistachio Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
6 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
262 calories
20.8
g fat
16.6
g carbohydrates
4.5
g protein
259
mg cholesterol
38
mg sodium.
