URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/254393/coconut-shrimp-ceviche/
Title:
Coconut Shrimp Ceviche Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3698759.jpg
Ingredients:
2 teaspoons GOYA® Adobo All-Purpose Seasoning with Pepper, plus more to taste
1 pound large shrimp - peeled, deveined, and tails removed
1 (13.5 ounce) can GOYA® Coconut Milk
3 tablespoons GOYA® Lemon Juice
3 teaspoons GOYA® Hot Sauce
1 packet Sazon GOYA® without Annatto
1/2 red bell pepper, finely chopped
1/4 red onion, finely chopped
2 jalapeno peppers, seeded and finely chopped
1 teaspoon GOYA® Minced Garlic
1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh cilantro
2 tablespoons whole cilantro leaves, as a garnish

Directions:
Fill large pot halfway with water; add Adobo. Bring water to boil over high heat, stir in shrimp and turn off heat. Allow the shrimp to sit in hot water until pink and opaque to center, 1-2 minutes. Drain, transfer shrimp to baking sheet. Refrigerate until cold, about 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, in large, non-metallic bowl, stir together coconut milk, lemon juice, hot sauce and Sazon; season to taste with Adobo. Stir in red bell pepper, red onion, jalapeno, garlic and chopped cilantro. Add cooled shrimp to coconut mixture; stir to completely cover and submerge shrimp in liquid. Cover bowl and transfer to refrigerator. Chill at least 30 minutes, up to about 24 hours, before serving.
To serve, spoon shrimp and coconut mixture into small bowls. Garnish with cilantro leaves.

Submitter: 
Goya
Description: 
Traditional shrimp ceviche is made by 'cooking' raw shrimp in the acid of citrus juice, like lime or grapefruit. In this coastal take on the classic recipe, the shrimp are instead gently cooked in boiling water and cooled before bathing in a creamy marinade of coconut milk. The result: a recipe so easy and refreshing that it will transport you to a breezy beach-side café after one silky bite.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
Goya&#174;

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
97 calories
1.1
g fat
2
g carbohydrates
18.8
g protein
173
mg cholesterol
200
mg sodium.
