URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/254347/green-tea-tiramisu/
Title:
Green Tea Tiramisu Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Matcha Syrup:
1/2 cup water
1/4 cup white sugar
2 tablespoons green tea powder (matcha)
1/2 cup Japanese plum liqueur (such as Choya®)
Tiramisu:
6 egg yolks
2/3 cup white sugar
2 (8 ounce) containers mascarpone cheese, softened
2 1/4 teaspoons green tea powder (matcha)
2 cups heavy whipping cream, chilled
2 tablespoons Japanese plum liqueur (such as Choya®)
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
5 egg whites
40 ladyfinger cookies, or more as needed

Directions:
Bring water and 1/4 cup sugar in a saucepan to a boil. Remove from heat and stir in 2 tablespoons matcha. Add 1/2 cup plum liqueur. Let matcha syrup steep and cool.
Fill another saucepan halfway with water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to bring water down to a simmer.
Place egg yolks and 2/3 cup sugar in a large bowl. Set bowl over simmering water and whisk constantly until the mixture is pale yellow and thick ribbons fall from the whisk, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from heat and fold in mascarpone cheese until smooth and creamy. Mix in 2 1/4 teaspoons matcha.
Whip heavy cream in a chilled glass or metal bowl with an electric mixer until stiff peaks form. Whisk in 2 tablespoons plum liqueur and vanilla extract. Fold in mascarpone mixture until blended and smooth.
Beat egg whites in a clean glass, metal, or ceramic bowl until stiff, sharp peaks form. Fold 1/3 of the egg whites into the mascarpone cream. Repeat twice more, folding gently until egg whites are incorporated.
Dip ladyfingers in matcha syrup one at a time until just soaked. Arrange a layer of ladyfingers on the bottom of a 6-quart container. Spread 1/2 of the mascarpone cream on top. Repeat with remaining soaked ladyfingers and mascarpone cream.
Cover tiramisu with plastic wrap and refrigerate until flavors combine, at least 4 hours.

Submitter: 
egh0z
Description: 
I just love the combination of plum liqueur and green tea. Similar recipes make use of either sake or orange liqueur, but my experiment with Choya® was a good one. Before serving, dust with matcha or confectioners' sugar.
Categories:
Desserts
Specialty Desserts
Tiramisu

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
4 h 44 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
651 calories
32.3
g fat
66.4
g carbohydrates
12.4
g protein
309
mg cholesterol
151
mg sodium.
