URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/254396/homemade-hummus-with-olive-salsa/
Title:
Homemade Hummus with Olive Salsa Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3698765.jpg
Ingredients:
Hummus:
1 (15.5 ounce) can GOYA® Low Sodium Chick Peas, drained and rinsed
3 tablespoons GOYA® Extra Virgin Olive Oil
3 tablespoons GOYA® Lemon Juice
3 tablespoons tahini (sesame seed paste)
2 teaspoons GOYA® Minced Garlic
1 teaspoon GOYA® Ground Cumin
1/2 teaspoon GOYA® Paprika
1 teaspoon GOYA® Adobo All-Purpose Seasoning with Pepper
Olive Salsa:
3/4 cup GOYA® Pitted Manzanilla Spanish Olives, sliced
2 tablespoons Goya Capers
2 medium ripe tomatoes, seeded and chopped
1 tablespoon chopped shallots
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
1/2 teaspoon GOYA® Hot Sauce
GOYA® Extra Virgin Olive Oil (optional)
GOYA® Snack Crackers, for serving

Directions:
In food processor or blender, combine chick peas, olive oil, lemon juice, tahini, garlic, 1 tablespoon water, cumin, paprika and Adobo. Puree until mixture is smooth and creamy, about one minute.
In medium bowl, combine olives, capers, tomatoes, shallots, parsley and hot sauce. This should make approximately two cups of salsa.
Mound salsa in center of large serving dish. Spoon hummus in ring around salsa. (As an alternate presentation, layer hummus, and then salsa, alternating layers, in a shallow dish.) Drizzle with olive oil, if desired. Serve with crackers.

Submitter: 
Goya
Description: 
For homemade hummus that is creamy, flavorful and quick to make, start with a can of GOYA® Low Sodium Chick Peas! Our premium, nutty-tasting chickpeas cook up perfectly tender in the can and are lower in sodium than the original. Simply blend the chickpeas with olive oil, lemon juice and a handful of other pantry ingredients, then spread on a party platter and top with a quick olive salsa for a crowd-pleasing dip with the silkiest texture and true Mediterranean pizzazz.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
Goya&#174;

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
15 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
73 calories
4.1
g fat
7.7
g carbohydrates
2.3
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
41
mg sodium.
