URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/254313/tamagoyaki-with-mushroom-and-mozzarella-cheese/
Title:
Tamagoyaki with Mushroom and Mozzarella Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5585962.jpg
Ingredients:
2 teaspoons olive oil
6 button mushrooms, sliced very thin
3 eggs
2 1/2 tablespoons white sugar
1 pinch salt and ground black pepper to taste
1/4 teaspoon red chile powder, or to taste
2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided
1 ounce mozzarella cheese, sliced very thin

Directions:
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add mushrooms; cook and stir until mushrooms are browned and release their moisture, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat, drain, and pat dry.
Beat eggs, sugar, salt, pepper, and red chile powder together in a bowl.
Coat the skillet with some vegetable oil; set over medium heat. Pour in some of the beaten eggs, tilting skillet to spread into a thin layer. Cook until almost set, 1 to 2 minutes. Run a heatproof rubber spatula around the edges to loosen. Cover with some mushrooms; roll up egg and move to the side of the skillet.
Grease skillet with some more vegetable oil. Pour in more eggs to create a second layer. Lift the first roll up to get raw egg underneath. Sprinkle mozzarella cheese on top; roll second layer up over the first.
Repeat layering and rolling process with remaining oil, eggs, mushrooms, and mozzarella cheese. Cook finished tamagoyaki until lightly browned, about 30 seconds per side.
Transfer tamagoyaki to a cutting board. Let cool for 5 to 10 minutes before slicing.

Submitter: 
JFL
Description: 
That sweet and delicate tamagoyaki you find in Japanese restaurants is easy to make! This fusion tamagoyaki has melted cheese and savory mushrooms inside.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Eggs
Omelets

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
380 calories
28.3
g fat
18.6
g carbohydrates
14.6
g protein
288
mg cholesterol
273
mg sodium.
