URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/254516/bottled-spaghetti-sauce/
Title:
Bottled Spaghetti Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
39 pounds fresh tomatoes, halved
3 pounds onions, halved
2 heads garlic cloves, peeled
2 cups olive oil
1 cup white sugar
1/2 cup salt
2 tablespoons dried oregano
1 tablespoon dried basil
6 (6 ounce) cans tomato paste, or as needed

Directions:
Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add fourteen 1-quart jars; simmer to sterilize. Wash lids and rings in warm soapy water.
Puree tomatoes in batches in a blender until smooth. Pour into a large pot. Add onions and garlic to the blender; puree until smooth. Mix into the pot.
Stir olive oil, sugar, salt, oregano, and basil into the pot; bring to a boil. Stir in tomato paste. Simmer sauce, adding more tomato paste if needed, until thickened, about 2 hours.
Pack sauce into hot, sterilized jars, filling to within 1/4 inch of the top. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars 2 inches apart into the boiling water using a holder. Pour in more boiling water if necessary to bring the water level to at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars. Bring the water to a rolling boil, cover the pot, and process for 45 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool, at least 24 hours. Press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all).

Submitter: 
drjwall
Description: 
My friend came over today and we bottled this fabulous spaghetti sauce! I'm so excited to have it all year long! Store in a cool, dark area.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Sauces
Pasta Sauces
Tomato

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 d 4 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
112
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
84 calories
4.2
g fat
11.2
g carbohydrates
2
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
81
mg sodium.
