URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/254525/goya-champuru-bitter-melon-stir-fry/
Title:
Goya Champuru (Bitter Melon Stir Fry) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4560394.jpg
Ingredients:
2 Asian bitter melon (goya)
kosher salt as needed
2 tablespoons sesame oil
1 (1 pound) pork loin, cut into pieces
1 pinch garlic salt, or to taste
1 pinch garlic pepper, or to taste
2 eggs
1 tablespoon soy sauce, or to taste

Directions:
Cut tips off melons with a sharp knife; cut in half lengthwise. Scoop out white interior and seeds with a spoon. Rinse the melon and cut into very small pieces. Place in a bowl and generously add kosher salt, mixing until melon is completely covered. Cover and refrigerate until flavors combine, 3 to 4 hours.
Rinse melon to remove excess salt. Place into a pot and cover with room temperature or cool water; cover and bring to a boil. Cook until melon has softened slightly, about 1 minute. Remove from heat; drain the melon.
Heat sesame oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add pork; season with garlic salt and garlic pepper. Stir-fry just until the pink on the surface of the pork disappears, 3 to 4 minutes. Add melon and stir fry until soft, about 2 minutes more.
Reduce heat to medium. Push pork mixture to the edges of the skillet with a spatula. Crack eggs into the center of the skillet; scramble until firm, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir contents of the skillet together until combined. Season with soy sauce.

Submitter: 
Travis
Description: 
This is a traditional Okinawan dish with Asian bitter melon. I was introduced to it during my time there. I've combined a few different recipes into this one here. You can also add Spam®; it's pretty popular on Okinawa. 

Please note that the bitter melon has a very different taste, but its very good once you get used to it. It's also ridiculously healthy.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Japanese

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
3 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
259 calories
15.8
g fat
4.5
g carbohydrates
24
g protein
147
mg cholesterol
539
mg sodium.
