URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/254510/slow-smoked-pulled-pork-boston-butt/
Title:
Slow-Smoked Pulled Pork (Boston Butt) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5366318.jpg
Ingredients:
Dry Rub:
5 tablespoons dark brown sugar
4 1/2 teaspoons garlic powder
4 1/2 teaspoons onion powder
4 teaspoons paprika
4 teaspoons seasoned salt (such as LAWRY'S®)
1 tablespoon ground black pepper
2 teaspoons ground cumin
1 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper
3 1/2 pounds bone-in Boston butt roast
1/2 cup spicy brown mustard
1 cup pickle juice
3/4 cup olive oil
charcoal
8 pounds fruit wood chunks for smoking
2 cups pilsner-style beer (such as Budweiser®)
4 1/4 cups water, or as needed

Directions:
Mix brown sugar, garlic powder, onion powder, paprika, seasoned salt, black pepper, cumin, and cayenne pepper together in a small bowl to make dry rub.
Coat roast with spicy brown mustard. Sprinkle dry rub all over roast and work it into all the folds and creases.
Combine pickle juice and olive oil in a small bowl.
Preheat 5 pounds charcoal in a smoker according to manufacturer's instructions until white and flaming. Distribute 7 to 8 large wood chunks over the coals. Place a drip pan on top; pour in beer and enough water to fill the pan most of the way. Close smoker; bring liquid in the drip pan to a boil. Place roast on top and close smoker.
Smoke roast, turning every hour, until browned, about 2 hours. Baste roast with pickle juice and olive mixture. Continue smoking, turning and basting every hour, until an instant-read thermometer inserted in the center reads 175 degrees F (80 degrees C), 2 to 3 hours more.
Remove roast from smoker and wrap with aluminum foil. Let rest, about 30 minutes.
Uncover roast and cut into chunks. Shred chunks into small strands; transfer to a large bowl. Squeeze strands with both hands repeatedly, mixing after each squeeze.

Submitter: 
webbbilly
Description: 
This simple yet effective Boston butt recipe gives the pulled pork a mildly spicy and tangy flavor. The combination of smoke and moisture from the drip pan works very well for cooking the meat evenly and leaves plenty of juices within the meat itself. I've tried several different methods with Boston butt and this one is my favorite, as well as a favorite among my friends. Give it a try and see if you like it, and please don't be shy and leave some feedback! I usually serve with barbeque sauce and baked beans (throwing the fat chunks from the pulled pork into the beans to add a little extra flavor). Check out my Sweet and Spicy Cornbread Muffins recipe for a great side. Enjoy!
Categories:
Main Dish
Pork
Pulled Pork

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3.75
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
5 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
700 calories
53.5
g fat
20.6
g carbohydrates
29.6
g protein
104
mg cholesterol
965
mg sodium.
