URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/254697/stir-fried-beef-and-broccoli-with-crisp-ramen-noodle-cake/
Title:
Stir-Fried Beef and Broccoli with Crisp Ramen Noodle Cake Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
2 (3 ounce) packages ramen noodles (exclude seasoning packets)
2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided
¾ cup water
3 tablespoons oyster sauce
1 tablespoon low-sodium soy sauce
1 tablespoon cornstarch
1 teaspoon white sugar
½ teaspoon toasted sesame oil (optional)
2 ½ tablespoons vegetable oil, divided
½ pound broccoli florets
⅓ cup water
3 large cloves garlic, finely chopped
2 tablespoons minced fresh ginger
1 pound flat iron steak, thinly sliced across the grain
¼ teaspoon salt

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Bring a saucepan of salted water to a boil. Break each ramen noodle block into 4 pieces and cook, stirring occasionally, until just tender, about 3 minutes. Drain noodles in a colander and rinse under cold water.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a 12-inch nonstick skillet (with lid) over medium-high heat until shimmering. Spread noodles evenly to cover bottom of skillet. Cook noodles, pressing on them occasionally with a slotted spatula, until underside is golden brown, 3 to 6 minutes. Slide ramen cake onto a large plate, invert a second plate over top, then flip cake over (so cooked side is now on top). Add remaining tablespoon oil to skillet. Slide ramen cake back into skillet and cook over medium-high heat, pressing it occasionally, until underside is golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Slide ramen cake onto a baking sheet and keep warm in oven (do not clean skillet).
While ramen cake cooks, whisk together water, oyster sauce, soy sauce, cornstarch, sugar, and sesame oil (if using).
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in same skillet over medium-high heat until shimmering. Add broccoli and stir-fry 1 minute. Add water and cook, covered, over medium heat until crisp-tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer broccoli to a bowl and wipe out skillet.
Heat remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons oil in skillet over medium-high heat until shimmering. Stir-fry garlic and ginger 10 seconds. Add beef and salt and stir-fry until beef is browned, about 2 minutes.
Stir sauce, then add to skillet and bring to a boil, stirring. Add broccoli and cook, stirring, until heated through, about 30 seconds. Remove from heat.
Slide ramen cake onto a cutting board and cut into quarters. Top each ramen wedge with 1 cup beef-broccoli mixture.

Submitter: 
Kempstr
Description: 
A classic Asian dish gets an instant-ramen makeover.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
13 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.77
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
40 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
377 calories
29.3
g fat
12.8
g carbohydrates
16.2
g protein
52
mg cholesterol
563
mg sodium.
