URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/254660/harvest-pasta-with-kale-and-swiss-chard/
Title:
Harvest Pasta with Kale and Swiss Chard Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
13 ounces spaghetti
3 tablespoons olive oil, divided
1 onion, sliced
1 cup chopped kale
1 hot pepper, chopped
4 cloves garlic, chopped
2 tomatoes, chopped
1 red bell pepper, sliced
3 1/2 ounces peeled and deveined shrimp
2 cups chopped Swiss chard
1 cup chopped green beans
2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar
1 tablespoon fresh thyme
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook spaghetti in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until tender yet firm to the bite, about 10 minutes. Drain, reserving some of the cooking liquid.
Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onion and kale; cook and stir until softened, about 5 minutes. Add remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, hot pepper, and garlic; cook and stir until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Stir in tomatoes, red bell pepper, shrimp, Swiss chard, and green beans. Cook until shrimp is opaque, about 5 minutes.
Stir spaghetti into the skillet, pouring in some of the reserved cooking liquid if mixture is too dry. Add balsamic vinegar, thyme, salt, and black pepper. Cook until flavors combine, 3 to 5 minutes.

Submitter: 
germaica
Description: 
I made this with what was harvested from my garden at the end of summer. A great representation of the bounty of summer and the joy of having my own vegetable garden. I added the shrimp for protein but this would be good on its own. The balsamic vinegar really helps cut the bitter taste of the greens. Serve hot with a sprinkling of Parmesan cheese.
Categories:
Main Dish
Pasta
Spaghetti

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
526 calories
12.2
g fat
85.6
g carbohydrates
19.3
g protein
37
mg cholesterol
145
mg sodium.
