URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/254734/kahluar-oreor-tiramisu/
Title:
Kahlua® Oreo® Tiramisu Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3709464.jpg
Ingredients:
Zabaglione Filling:
4 egg yolks
1/2 cup white sugar
1/2 cup port wine
1 pound mascarpone cheese
1 1/2 cups heavy whipping cream, whipped
Coffee-Flavored Liqueur Dip:
1/4 cup coffee-flavored liqueur (such as Kahlua®)
1/4 cup spiced rum (such as Kraken®)
Cookie Base:
1 (15.5 ounce) package chocolate sandwich cookies (such as Oreo®)
2 tablespoons bitter cocoa powder

Directions:
Beat egg yolks in the bowl of a double boiler until fluffy. Beat sugar into egg yolks until incorporated; beat in wine. Heat egg mixture over the double boiler until the cream thickens and small bubbles appear, about 5 minutes.
Stir the mascarpone cheese with a rubber spatula in a bowl until creamy. Pour egg mixture over the cheese; beat until filling is smooth.
Beat cream in a bowl with an electric mixer until soft peaks form; fold into cheese mixture.
Combine coffee-flavored liqueur and rum in a small bowl. Dunk enough cookies in the liquor to create a layer across the bottom of a baking pan; arrange cookies in the baking pan to create a cake base. Cover cookies with half of the filling. Dunk a second layer of cookies; arrange on the filling. Top with remaining filling; sprinkle with cocoa powder.
Place in the refrigerator until chilled, 3 to 4 hours.

Submitter: 
Mama Whitehall
Description: 
Tiramisu with a chocolaty twist. Oreos® are substituted for the traditional lady finger cookies, which are then dunked in booze. Speaking of which, with a cup of liquor/wine in the recipe (the former of which is definitely not cooked off) makes for quite a potent dessert--be aware!
Categories:
Desserts
Specialty Desserts
Tiramisu

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
629 calories
44.6
g fat
46.2
g carbohydrates
7.6
g protein
188
mg cholesterol
254
mg sodium.
