URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/254879/edamame-salad-with-homemade-garlic-cilantro-vinaigrette/
Title:
Edamame Salad with Homemade Garlic Cilantro Vinaigrette Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3857680.jpg
Ingredients:
Salad:
6 ears corn, husks and silk removed
8 cups fresh edamame (in shell)
1 (15 ounce) can black beans, rinsed and drained
2 large ripe tomatoes, diced
2 small onions, finely chopped
salt and ground black pepper to taste
Dressing:
1 jalapeno, cut in half and seeded
3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil
4 cloves garlic, minced
2 1/2 tablespoons lemon juice
2 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro
1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar
1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin

Directions:
Fill a large pot half full with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil. Add corn cobs and return to a boil. Cook until corn is softened but still firm, about 5 minutes. Remove from pot; rinse with cold water until cool enough to handle. Cut kernels from the cob with a sharp knife; place into a large mixing bowl.
Place edamame into a large pot; pour in 2- to 3-inches of water. Cover; bring to a boil. Steam edamame until shells are softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain; let cool. Squeeze the center of each pod to pop the edamame out into a bowl.
Mix edamame, black beans, tomatoes, and onion into the corn kernels; season with salt and pepper.
Set oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil; place jalapeno skin side up on the baking sheet.
Roast jalapeno in the preheated oven until outer skin is charred, about 5 minutes; mince with a sharp knife.
Combine olive oil, garlic, roasted jalapeno, lemon juice, cilantro, balsamic vinegar, and cumin in a bowl; whisk until well mixed. Pour over vegetable mixture; stir until vegetables are coated.

Submitter: 
Erin Elaine
Description: 
This bright summer salad showcases farm fresh local produce such as tomatoes, corn, cilantro, garlic, jalapenos, and onion, as well as its star ingredient: fresh edamame. Experimenting with different ways to prepare the delicious edamame we grow on my family farm, I stumbled upon this cold salad combination and it has been a huge hit. I'm sure that frozen produce can be substituted for many of the fresh ingredients this recipe calls for; however, you can't beat the taste of fresh local produce. Remember to frequent area farmer's markets whenever the season permits!
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Salad Dressings
Vinaigrette Dressing

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
52 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
158 calories
11.1
g fat
13.1
g carbohydrates
3.1
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
119
mg sodium.
