URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/254841/brunch-worthy-spaghetti-and-eggs/
Title:
Brunch-Worthy Spaghetti And Eggs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3794883.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (16 ounce) box Barilla® Thin Spaghetti
2 large red sweet peppers
1 (24 ounce) jar Barilla® Marinara Sauce
4 cups baby arugula
2 tablespoons butter
8 eggs
Salt and pepper
3/4 cup freshly shaved Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Quarter sweet peppers lengthwise, remove and discard stems, seeds and membranes, then place them, cut side down, on a foil-lined baking sheet, 4 to 5 inches from the broiler.
Broil peppers 8 to 10 minutes or until skins are blistered and dark, then remove from oven, bringing up the sides of foil to seal. Let peppers stand about 15 minutes, then open foil and peel peppers, discarding skin.
Chop peppers and stir into Marinara Pasta Sauce. Transfer Marinara Pasta Sauce mixture to an extra-large skillet and bring to a low simmer.
Bring 4 to 6 quarts of water to a rolling boil, adding salt to taste and the Thin Spaghetti, stirring gently. Cook pasta according to package directions; remove from heat and drain well.
Add Thin Spaghetti to the skillet and toss with the Marinara Pasta Sauce mixture, stirring in the arugula.
In a nonstick extra-large skillet, heat butter over medium-high heat until hot. Break eggs, one at a time, into the pan; season with salt and pepper.
Reduce heat to low and let cook until whites are completely set and yolks begin to thicken but are not hard. Use a spatula to carefully flip each egg, and cook to desired doneness.
Serve pasta immediately, topped with fried eggs and Parmesan cheese.

Submitter: 
Barilla
Description: 
You've never brunched like this before. A perfectly fried egg atop fresh sweet peppers mixed with our flavorful Marinara Pasta Sauce.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
Barilla

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
54 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
calories
fat
carbohydrates
protein
cholesterol
sodium.
