URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/254823/californiamexican-cauliflower-rice-with-avocado-and-kale/
Title:
California/Mexican Cauliflower Rice with Avocado and Kale Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 head cauliflower, broken into florets
1 (15 ounce) can black beans, drained and rinsed
1 small bunch fresh cilantro, finely chopped
2 green onions, chopped, or more to taste
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1/2 lime, juiced
1 pinch salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 slices Cheddar cheese
1 (7 ounce) can chipotle peppers in adobo sauce
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 zucchini, halved and sliced
4 leaves Tuscan kale, stemmed and chopped
2 eggs
1 avocado, sliced

Directions:
Place cauliflower florets in a food processor; pulse into rice-sized pieces.
Combine cauliflower "rice", black beans, cilantro, green onions, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, lime juice, salt, and pepper in a microwave-safe bowl; toss until mixed. Top with Cheddar cheese.
Puree chipotle peppers in adobo in a small bowl with an immersion blender.
Heat remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add zucchini in an even layer; place kale on top. Cook, covered, until zucchini is lightly browned and kale starts to wilt, about 5 minutes. Stir in 1 to 3 tablespoons pureed chipotle peppers. Remove from heat and let stand, covered, allowing kale to steam, 3 to 5 minutes.
Fill a saucepan with water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat, add eggs, and simmer, about 7 minutes. Remove eggs with a slotted spoon and run under cool water for 30 to 60 seconds. Peel carefully.
Spoon zucchini mixture over Cheddar cheese in the bowl. Microwave until hot, 2 to 3 minutes. Top with peeled eggs and sliced avocado. Season with salt and pepper.

Submitter: 
kab
Description: 
This seems like a lot of steps, but it's very easy and quick to put together. It can be prepped ahead of time; just add the avocado and egg at the end. 

To make it even easier, the cauliflower rice can be made ahead and refrigerated or frozen.
Categories:
Fruits and Vegetables
Vegetables
Cauliflower
Rice

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 h 8 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
324 calories
15.2
g fat
32.7
g carbohydrates
16.9
g protein
97
mg cholesterol
846
mg sodium.
