URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/254875/chicken-and-brie-sandwiches-with-roasted-cherry-tomatoes/
Title:
Chicken and Brie Sandwiches with Roasted Cherry Tomatoes Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F4537730.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breasts
½ cup Italian-style salad dressing, or to taste
3 ounces Brie cheese, sliced
1 tablespoon olive oil, divided
2 cups cherry tomatoes, halved
¼ teaspoon kosher salt, divided
3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, divided
1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil
2 cups fresh spinach leaves
¼ cup mayonnaise
1 tablespoon Dijon mustard
2 cloves garlic, minced
⅛ teaspoon ground black pepper
1 loaf French bread, halved lengthwise

Directions:
Place chicken breasts in a shallow dish. Coat with Italian dressing. Cover with plastic wrap and let marinate in the refrigerator, 8 hours to overnight.
Heat a grill pan over medium-high heat. Remove chicken breasts from marinade and place in the skillet; cook until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 6 minutes per side.
Slice chicken breasts; lay Brie cheese on top to melt.
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C).
Heat 1 teaspoon olive oil in an oven-safe skillet over medium heat. Add tomatoes and 1/8 teaspoon salt; cook, stirring once, until tomatoes release their juices, about 4 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar and basil.
Transfer skillet to the preheated oven; bake tomatoes until softened, about 15 minutes.
Combine remaining 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, and 1/8 teaspoon salt in a bowl. Add spinach; toss to coat.
Mix mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, garlic, and pepper together in a bowl.
Place bottom half of the loaf on a baking sheet. Spread mayonnaise mixture on top. Cover with spinach and tomatoes. Place chicken with Brie cheese on top. Cover with top half of the loaf.
Bake in the preheated oven until heated through, 5 to 10 minutes. Cut into 4 sections.

Submitter: 
MICHELEBARGER
Description: 
This is the most amazing chicken sandwich that will pass your lips. My friends say that I could market this recipe.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
9 hrs 6 mins
Number of servings: 
8 hrs
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
771 calories
33.6
g fat
74.7
g carbohydrates
42.8
g protein
91
mg cholesterol
1727
mg sodium.
