URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/254963/tripe-crackling-with-a-deviled-dipping-sauce-/
Title:
Tripe Crackling with a Deviled Dipping Sauce  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 pound tripe, rinsed
1 gallon milk, divided
1 large onion, unpeeled and quartered
1 head garlic, halved horizontally
2 bay leaves
Dipping Sauce:
1 cup sour cream
4 scallions, thinly sliced
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
1 tablespoon English mustard
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1/8 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper
oil for frying
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Combine tripe and 1/2 gallon milk in a non-reactive bowl. Let soak in the refrigerator, 8 hours to overnight.
Drain milk and rinse tripe. Return to the bowl and cover with remaining 1/2 gallon milk. Add onion, garlic, and bay leaves. Let soak in the refrigerator, 8 hours to overnight.
Mix sour cream, scallions, Worcestershire sauce, English mustard, garlic powder, and cayenne pepper together in a bowl to make dipping sauce. Chill until flavors combine, at least 1 hour.
Drain tripe, discarding milk, onion, garlic, and bay leaves. Rinse tripe and pat dry with paper towels. Cut into tortilla chip-sized triangles.
Heat oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Fry tripe in batches until puffed and golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Season with salt and pepper.
Serve dipping sauce alongside fried tripe.

Submitter: 
wsf
Description: 
This may sound odd, but tripe, when properly prepared, is an amazing thing! With the milk bath, and the harsh heat of frying, it loses quite a bit of its intimidating harsh flavor. This is a fun appetizer for your pork lovers, and will have them guessing as to what part of the porker you just fried! The sauce uses the traditional combo for any recipe that is deviled: mustard, cayenne pepper, and Worcestershire sauce.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Meat and Poultry
Beef

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
17 h 21 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
410 calories
22.7
g fat
30
g carbohydrates
22
g protein
107
mg cholesterol
306
mg sodium.
