URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/254988/pulled-lamb-sizzlin-sliders/
Title:
Pulled Lamb Sizzlin' Sliders Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
3 pounds lamb shanks, on the bone
2/3 cup water
1 jalapeno, cut in half width-wise
8 ciabatta bread dinner rolls
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
2 green bell pepper, sliced
1 onion, sliced
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 cup mayonnaise
3 tablespoons Sriracha sauce
5 ounces fresh spinach
1 jalapeno, seeded and sliced

Directions:
Place lamb shanks into a slow cooker; add water. Stir stem side of the halved jalapeno to the slow cooker, reserving the other end.
Set slow cooker to High; cook until lamb is tender and can be easily pulled apart with a fork, 1 to 2 hours. An instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Place ciabatta rolls onto a baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until crisp and browned, 10 to 15 minutes.
Remove jalapeno half from the slow cooker; dice, along with the reserved half.
Heat oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Stir in bell peppers, onion, diced jalapeno, salt, and pepper; cook and stir until bell peppers are tender and onion is translucent, 7 to 10 minutes.
Combine mayonnaise and chile-garlic sauce in a small bowl; stir until sauce is mixed.
Remove lamb from the slow cooker. Separate lamb meat from the bone; discard bones. Shred lamb with a fork; divide into 8 equal portions.
Spread sauce onto the top half of the ciabatta; cover with spinach leaves. Spoon lamb and vegetable mixture onto the bottom half of the ciabatta; top with sliced jalapeno.

Submitter: 
Sam Calderon
Description: 
I was at the store looking for something tasty for dinner and came across some lamb shanks. Reading the cooking instructions gave me an idea for some awesome sliders. I grabbed some ingredients and threw this together. The result was a mouth-watering, spicy surprise! Add spices of your own to suit your taste. When you're done, take a bite and wipe your face with a paper towel.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Lamb
Shanks

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 47 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
1646 calories
49.8
g fat
233.5
g carbohydrates
61.2
g protein
77
mg cholesterol
3132
mg sodium.
