URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/254976/tender-juicy-skirt-steak-churrasco/
Title:
Tender Juicy Skirt Steak  (Churrasco) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3851846.jpg
Ingredients:
Marinade:
3 cloves garlic, minced
2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, or to taste
2 tablespoons grill seasoning
2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 pound skirt steak
2 tablespoons olive oil, or as needed
1/4 cup water, or as needed
1 onion, chopped
1 (8 ounce) can mushrooms, drained

Directions:
Whisk garlic, balsamic vinegar, grill seasoning, oregano, salt, and pepper together in a large bowl. Add steak and toss to evenly coat. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and marinate in the refrigerator, 8 hours to overnight.
Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat until sizzling; add meat. Cook uncovered until liquids have drained from the steak, 3 to 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium; cover.
Cook steak for 15 minutes; uncover and flip. Add water to the skillet as needed to keep steak moist. Continue cooking until slightly firm, hot, and lightly pink in the center, about 15 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 140 degrees F (60 degrees C). Transfer meat to serving plate; reserve liquid in the skillet.
Place onion in the skillet with reserved liquids; cook and stir until softened, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to low; add mushrooms. Cook and stir until mushrooms are warmed through, about 5 minutes. Pour onion mixture over steak.

Submitter: 
Sweetie_12
Description: 
Ever wondered how to get a well-cooked, juicy piece of meat, without butterflying it or cutting down the middle to see if it's done and has a good color? Here you go! Serve with steamed veggies, mashed potatoes, salad, rice, or whatever you fancy.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Latin American
South American
Brazilian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
8 h 58 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
204 calories
11.8
g fat
9.2
g carbohydrates
15.5
g protein
25
mg cholesterol
1039
mg sodium.
