URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255083/prickly-pear-enchilada-sauce/
Title:
Prickly Pear Enchilada Sauce Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1  prickly pear, peeled and chopped
2 teaspoons vegetable oil
2  skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into small pieces
6 (8 inch) flour tortillas
1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, or to taste
1 tablespoon butter
½  onion, chopped
½  bell pepper, chopped
2 cloves garlic, chopped
1 pinch salt
½ cup water
2 tablespoons lemon juice
1 cube chicken bouillon
1 teaspoon cornstarch
1 dash pepper sauce
½ cup sour cream
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley

Directions:
Place prickly pear in a fine-mesh strainer set over a bowl. Mash with a potato masher to extract juice. Discard seeds and pulp.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add chicken; cook and stir until juices run clear, 5 to 8 minutes.
Divide cooked chicken among 6 tortillas. Top with mozzarella cheese. Fold in opposing ends and roll up tortillas. Place seam-side down in a casserole dish.
Bake in the preheated oven until cheese is melted and tortilla edges are crisp, about 15 minutes.
Melt butter in a saucepan over medium-low heat. Add onion, bell pepper, garlic, and salt; cook and stir until very tender, about 5 minutes. Pour in prickly pear juice, water, lemon juice, bouillon cube, cornstarch, and pepper sauce; whisk until cornstarch dissolves into the sauce.
Bring sauce to a simmer over medium heat. Stir in sour cream. Simmer until flavors combine, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat; stir in parsley. Spoon sauce over tortillas.

Submitter: 
sobachatina
Description: 
This is a Tex-Mex-like enchilada sauce that I made up to take advantage of the prickly pear fruit that is so plentiful in the fall. The sauce has a tangy, barely sweet flavor with surprising depth. The red juice makes the sauce a pleasant pink color that my kids love. Serve with rice and refried beans.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
57 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
303 calories
12.6
g fat
33.9
g carbohydrates
13.4
g protein
34
mg cholesterol
610
mg sodium.
