URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255099/steak-and-potato-tacos-with-poblano-chilies/
Title:
Steak and Potato Tacos with Poblano Chilies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3859402.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil, divided
1 large onion, sliced
2 poblano chilies - stemmed, seeded, sliced
12 ounces white potatoes, quartered lengthwise, cut crosswise into 1/4-inch thick slices
1 (12 ounce) flank steak
Garlic powder
Chile powder
12 (6 inch) corn tortillas
Chopped fresh cilantro
Pico de gallo and/or hot sauce

Directions:
Heat 1/2 tablespoon oil in heavy large non-stick skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion and chilies and saute until tender, about 10 minutes. Transfer onion mixture to bowl (do not wash skillet). Heat 1 tablespoon oil in same skillet over medium-high heat. Add potatoes and saute until golden brown and tender, about 12 minutes. Return onion mixture to skillet with potatoes and keep warm.
Meanwhile, sprinkle both sides of steak generously with garlic powder, chili powder, salt and pepper. Heat remaining 1/2 tablespoon oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add steak and cook until browned on both sides, turning once, about 8 minutes total for medium-rare. Transfer steak to cutting board; let rest 5 minutes.
While steak rests, heat tortillas on griddle or over gas flame until warm, turning frequently with tongs.
Thinly slice steak. Top tortillas with steak and potato mixture; sprinkle with cilantro. Serve passing pico de gallo and/or hot sauce separately.

Submitter: 
Potato Goodness
Description: 
Everyone loves steak and potatoes and everyone loves tacos! Here is a winning combo of two favorites. This recipe is also a great use for leftover baked potatoes and just slice the baked potatoes and steak, then add to the sautéed onions and poblano chilies and cook until reheated.
Categories:
Main Dish
Tacos
Beef

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
141 calories
5.1
g fat
18.8
g carbohydrates
5.8
g protein
9
mg cholesterol
42
mg sodium.
