URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255140/balah-el-sham-egyptian-choux-pastry/
Title:
Balah el Sham (Egyptian Choux Pastry) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5836861.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cups water, divided
2 cups white sugar, divided
1 lime, juiced
2 teaspoons vanilla extract, divided
2 1/2 cups vegetable oil
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup all-purpose flour
4 eggs
2 cups corn oil

Directions:
Combine 1 cup water and 1 cup sugar in a saucepan over high heat. Bring to a boil; stir until  sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to medium; add lime juice. Simmer until flavors combine, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir 1 teaspoon vanilla extract into the syrup; let cool.
Stir 2 cups water, 1 cup sugar, vegetable oil, and salt together in a pot over medium-high heat; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium. Add flour; stir vigorously with a wooden spoon until batter forms into a ball. Cook until batter is shiny, about 1 minute. Transfer to a bowl; allow to cool, about 5 minutes.
Flatten batter into the bottom of the bowl. Add eggs, 1 at a time, mixing well after each addition. Stir in remaining 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; mix until batter is creamy. Pour into a cloth piping bag fitted with a large star tip.
Heat corn oil in a deep saucepan over medium heat until bubbly; reduce heat to medium-low. Squeeze 2 inches of batter onto an oiled spatula and lower into the hot oil; repeat until saucepan is full. Cook, turning occasionally, until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Transfer pastries to a paper bag to drain, about 30 seconds.
Soak hot pastries in syrup; transfer to a plate to cool, about 5 minutes.

Submitter: 
UnboundedPassion
Description: 
This is one of my favorite Egyptian desserts that my mom used to make while we were growing up. Serve hot or cooled.
Categories:
World Cuisine
African
North African
Egyptian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
1
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 6 m
Number of servings: 
40
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
183 calories
14.3
g fat
13.4
g carbohydrates
1.1
g protein
19
mg cholesterol
37
mg sodium.
