URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255105/potato-salad-with-quick-preserved-lemon-and-arugula/
Title:
Potato Salad with Quick Preserved Lemon and Arugula Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3859413.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 pounds mixed fingerling potatoes
2 large lemons
2 tablespoons coarse kosher salt
3 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar
3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
1 1/2 teaspoons whole cumin seeds
3/4 teaspoon whole coriander seeds
Ground black pepper to taste
4 green onions, thinly sliced
1/3 cup chopped fresh dill
2 cups baby arugula

Directions:
Cook potatoes in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender when pierced with skewer, about 15 minutes. Drain and cool slightly.
Meanwhile, slice 1 lemon into 1/8-inch-thick rounds. Combine sliced lemon, 2 cups water and 2 tablespoons kosher salt in small saucepan; bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer until lemon slices are tender, about 10 minutes. Drain lemons, then very coarsely chop. Cut remaining lemon in half and squeeze out enough juice to measure 2 tablespoons. Mix chopped lemons, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, white balsamic and oil in small bowl. Coarsely crush cumin and coriander seeds using mortar and pestle (or wrap in foil and pound firmly using rolling pin). Mix seeds into lemon dressing. Season to taste with pepper.
Cut lukewarm potatoes lengthwise in half. Place in large shallow bowl. Mix in green onions and dill. Pour lemon dressing over and toss to coat. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Add arugula and toss gently. Serve salad slightly lukewarm or at room temperature.

Submitter: 
Potato Goodness
Description: 
Preserved lemon, an essential ingredient in Moroccan cooking, is made by pickling lemons in salt and lemon juice. This Potato Salad with Quick Preserved Lemon and Arugula recipe produces a quick version that's ready to use in minutes.
Categories:
Salad
Potato Salad
No Mayo

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.75
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
169 calories
7.2
g fat
26.6
g carbohydrates
3.3
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
1935
mg sodium.
