URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255130/paleo-mexican-pulled-pork/
Title:
Paleo Mexican Pulled Pork Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3936116.jpg
Ingredients:
2 Anaheim chile peppers
3 pounds boneless pork shoulder
1 teaspoon sea salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
2 tablespoons bacon fat
1 cup beef broth
1 (6 ounce) can tomato paste
1 onion, halved and sliced
1 red bell pepper, seeded and sliced
1 yellow bell pepper, seeded and sliced
1 lime, juiced
4 cloves garlic, crushed
1 tablespoon ground cumin
1 tablespoon dried oregano
1/4 teaspoon chili powder
1/4 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper
1 bay leaf
Toppings:
2 ripe avocados, sliced
3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro
2 limes, quartered

Directions:
Set oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.
Halve Anaheim chile peppers lengthwise; remove the stem, seeds, and ribs. Place peppers cut-side down onto the prepared baking sheet.
Cook in the preheated broiler until peppers are blackened and blistered, 5 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and over tightly with plastic wrap. Let peppers steam as they cool, about 20 minutes. Remove and discard skins; chop flesh.
Season pork with salt and black pepper.
Heat bacon fat in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add pork; cook until browned, about 3 minutes per side.
Transfer pork to a slow cooker. Pour in beef broth and coat pork with tomato paste. Add roasted chile pepper, onion, red bell pepper, yellow bell pepper, lime juice, garlic, cumin, oregano, chili powder, cayenne pepper, and bay leaf.
Cook on Low until pork is tender, about 8 hours. Shred pork using 2 forks. Serve with avocados, cilantro, and lime wedges.

Submitter: 
LUCHAPROV
Description: 
The great thing about this recipe is that you can prepare everything the night before and just throw it in the slow cooker in the morning on your way out the door. When you get home you will have dinner waiting for you and your house will smell delicious! If you like extra spice then increase the amount of chili powder and cayenne pepper. Serve with your favorite hot sauce.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Latin American
Mexican

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
9 h 17 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
251 calories
14.1
g fat
10.1
g carbohydrates
21.1
g protein
70
mg cholesterol
553
mg sodium.
