URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255199/paleo-blueberry-cast-iron-pancake/
Title:
Paleo Blueberry Cast Iron Pancake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5580013.jpg
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons unsalted butter
8 eggs, room temperature
1 cup unsweetened vanilla-flavored almond milk
1/2 cup tapioca flour
2 tablespoons coconut flour
1 teaspoon lemon juice
1 teaspoon lemon zest
1/2 teaspoon sea salt
1 cup blueberries
2 tablespoons maple syrup, or to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Place butter in a cast iron skillet. Place skillet in the preheating oven until butter melts, about 5 minutes.
Combine eggs and milk in a bowl; whisk until combined. Whisk in tapioca flour, coconut flour, lemon juice, lemon zest, and sea salt until combined. Fold blueberries into the batter.
Remove skillet from oven using a pot holder or kitchen towel. Spread melted butter with a pastry brush to coat skillet evenly; pour in batter.
Bake in the preheated oven until middle is firm and top is golden brown, 18 to 20 minutes. Slice and drizzle with maple syrup.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
It's almost the end of the season for us at the lake, and with us moving to Florida, I really want to clean out the refrigerator. I will be using up what I have over the next few weeks, and this morning I found 2 bags of frozen blueberries. I normally use them for my smoothies, and this morning I wanted pancakes. I love pancakes but don't always want to stand over the stove flipping them. 

This morning, I decided to make one in my cast iron skillet and OMG I was in paleo heaven! I did drizzle local maple syrup, and now I am a happy person ready to start my day. 

Another one-pot recipe perfected. Enjoy with your favorite toppings and more fruit!
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Pancakes
Whole Grain Pancakes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
33 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
349 calories
19.4
g fat
31.7
g carbohydrates
13.3
g protein
395
mg cholesterol
403
mg sodium.
