URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255123/csa-phad-thai/
Title:
CSA Phad Thai Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
3 beets, trimmed
1 (12 ounce) package dried rice noodles
6 tablespoons sesame oil, divided
3 eggs, beaten
1 pound uncooked shrimp - peeled, deveined, and tails removed
1/2 head Chinese cabbage, shredded
1/2 onion, thinly sliced
1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger
1 tablespoon minced fresh garlic
3 tablespoons rice vinegar
2 tablespoons peanut butter
2 tablespoons tamarind sauce
2 tablespoons tamari sauce
1/2 bunch cilantro, chopped
1/2 bunch chives, chopped
1 lime, quartered

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Wrap beets loosely with aluminum foil and place on a baking sheet.
Roast in the preheated oven until tender, 45 to 60 minutes. Cool until easily handled, about 10 minutes. Peel off skin and shred beets.
Bring a large pot of water to boil. Remove from heat; add rice noodles. Let stand, stirring occasionally, until softened, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain.
Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a wok or large skillet over medium heat. Add eggs; cook and stir until scrambled, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl. Add shrimp; cook and stir until opaque, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour over eggs in the bowl.
Heat 2 tablespoons oil in the wok over high heat. Add cabbage and onion; saute until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Transfer to the bowl. Add remaining 2 tablespoons oil, ginger, and garlic; cook and stir until fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir in rice vinegar, peanut butter, tamarind sauce, and tamari sauce.
Stir beets, noodles, scrambled eggs, shrimp, cabbage, and onion into the wok; toss carefully until heated through, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer to a large serving bowl. Garnish with cilantro, chives, and lime wedges.

Submitter: 
Idena Suzanne
Description: 
My favorite answer to using the beets from our weekly vegetable delivery. I have used both a spiralizer (Paderno® brand) and an ordinary shredder. I have been creative and used leftover chicken, added sautéed kale, garlic-roasted broccoli, and any other number of vegetables I had on hand. Other delightful garnishes are chopped peanuts, shredded purple cabbage, shredded carrot, and/or bean sprouts. This is a flexible recipe that will welcome what you have on hand.
Categories:
Main Dish
Pasta

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 48 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
507 calories
20.1
g fat
60.6
g carbohydrates
21.4
g protein
208
mg cholesterol
669
mg sodium.
