URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255258/saint-charles-mesa-sun-kissed-chili/
Title:
Saint Charles Mesa Sun-Kissed Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4404226.jpg
Ingredients:
Seasoning Mixture:
1 1/2 tablespoons ground cumin
1/2 teaspoon ground coriander
1/2 teaspoon dried cilantro
1/2 teaspoon garlic and herb seasoning
1/2 teaspoon Italian seasoning
1/2 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper
1/2 teaspoon fennel seed
Chili:
2 pounds pork loin
2 tablespoons olive oil, divided
5 cups chicken broth, divided
1/2 cup rose wine
4 large red and green Pueblo chile peppers
6 tomatillos, husked and halved
1 onion, chopped
3 cloves garlic, chopped
1 (14.5 ounce) can diced tomatoes in juice
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 tablespoon potato starch
2 teaspoons cold water

Directions:
Mix cumin, coriander, cilantro, garlic herb seasoning, Italian seasoning, cayenne pepper, and fennel in a bowl to make seasoning mixture. Rub 2/3 of the seasoning mixture over pork loin.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a stovetop pressure cooker over medium heat. Add pork loin; cook until browned, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate.
Pour 2 cups chicken broth and rose wine into the pressure cooker. Bring to a boil, scraping the bottom to loosen browned bits. Return pork loin to the cooker. Cover and bring to high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions. Reduce heat to low and cook, about 1 hour.
Release pressure carefully according to manufacturer's instructions. Transfer pork loin to a cutting board; let cool.
Set oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil; place chile peppers on top.
Roast until peppers are blackened and blistered, 5 to 8 minutes. Place in a bowl and seal with plastic wrap. Allow peppers to cool, about 20 minutes. Stem, peel, and seed the peppers; dice.
Heat a dry skillet over medium-high heat. Add some tomatillos in a single layer; cook, turning occasionally, until softened and skins are blistered, 5 to 10 minutes. Repeat with remaining tomatillos. Dice tomatillos.
Combine 1/2 of the tomatillos and 1/2 of the roasted peppers in a food processor; puree until smooth.
Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a small skillet. Add onion; cook and stir until softened, about 3 minutes. Add garlic; cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Remove from heat.
Shred pork loin with 2 forks; add to the pressure cooker. Stir in remaining 3 cups chicken broth, diced peppers, diced tomatillos, tomatillo-pepper puree, onion mixture, and diced tomatoes. Add remaining seasoning mixture, salt, and pepper. Bring to a boil; cover.
Bring to high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions. Reduce heat and cook for 20 minutes. Release pressure according to manufacturer's instructions.
Mix potato starch and cold water in a small bowl until dissolved. Pour into the pressure cooker, stirring well to incorporate thoroughly.

Submitter: 
Diana71
Description: 
Made from the famous Pueblo, Colorado chiles grown on farms in the fertile and sun-kissed Saint Charles Mesa, this pork chili can be made from medium-hot to con fuego! These chiles are comparable to mild jalapenos or can be much hotter than cayenne peppers. Choose your peppers carefully for the heat you can handle! Our family's favorite ways to eat this include: with warmed tortillas, over rice, topped with tomatoes, sour cream and avocado, or smothered tamales (steam any type of tamales separately, unwrap, and pour chili on top).
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Chili
Pork Chili

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
2 h 46 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
183 calories
8.2
g fat
7.5
g carbohydrates
17.2
g protein
45
mg cholesterol
692
mg sodium.
