URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255397/budae-jjigae-korean-army-base-stew/
Title:
Budae Jjigae (Korean Army Base Stew) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6916738.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (12 ounce) can fully cooked luncheon meat (such as SPAM®), sliced
14 ounces smoked sausage (such as Eckrich®), sliced
1 large onion, sliced
6 ounces kimchi
1/4 cup Korean red pepper powder
3 tablespoons soy sauce
3 tablespoons gochujang (Korean hot pepper paste)
5 cloves garlic, minced
1 pinch ground black pepper
1 bunch green onions, chopped
2 (32 ounce) containers chicken broth
7 3/4 ounces ramen noodles (such as Ottogi Ramyonsari®)
1 slice American cheese (optional)

Directions:
Divide luncheon meat into 2 piles on either side of a stock pot. Layer sausage, onion, and kimchi on top, leaving an empty space in the center of the pot.
Mix red pepper powder, soy sauce, gochujang, garlic, and black pepper together in a small bowl; pour into the center of the pot. Sprinkle in green onion. Pour in chicken broth; bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer stew, stirring occasionally, until flavors combine, about 10 minutes.
Bring a pot of water to a boil; add ramen noodles. Cook and stir until partially cooked and softened, about 2 minutes. Drain; stir into stew. Cook and stir until ramen noodles are tender but firm to the bite, about 5 minutes. Top stew with American cheese.

Submitter: 
Hingle McCringleberry
Description: 
This dish started after the Korean War when food was in short supply. Canned ham, hot dogs, and beans were taken from American military bases and mixed with traditional Korean kimchi, vegetables, noodles, and spicy seasonings to create a delicious spicy and hearty stew. I first had this dish in a Korean restaurant near my home. It was so good that I went on a quest to figure out how to make it for myself. My version is pretty traditional and fairly spicy. Find a Korean/Asian market for the kimchi, pepper paste, and powder. It is worth it.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Stews

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.25
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
57 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
697 calories
45.7
g fat
40.9
g carbohydrates
30.9
g protein
97
mg cholesterol
4194
mg sodium.
