URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255318/jackies-lemongrass-ginger-chile-chicken-and-rice/
Title:
Jackie's Lemongrass Ginger Chile Chicken and Rice Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F3939192.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breasts
2 tablespoons oyster sauce
1 tablespoon cooking oil
1 tablespoon white sugar
2 cloves garlic, minced
1  stalk lemon grass, tough outer stalks removed and inner stalks minced
¼ cup chicken broth
¼  red bell pepper
2 tablespoons oyster sauce
1 (1 inch) piece fresh ginger, peeled
3 cloves garlic, peeled
1 tablespoon tamarind paste
1 tablespoon white vinegar
1 tablespoon white sugar
1 ½ teaspoons fish sauce
1 tablespoon cooking oil
1  shallot, minced
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 ¾ cups chicken broth
1 cup white rice
1  red chile pepper, or more to taste
¼ teaspoon ground white pepper
¼  cucumber, cut into matchstick-size pieces
1  green onion, sliced
¼ cup chopped cilantro

Directions:
Place chicken breasts on a solid, level surface. Pound with a meat tenderizer until 1/2-inch thick.
Mix 2 tablespoons oyster sauce, 1 tablespoon cooking oil, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 cloves minced garlic, and lemon grass together in a bowl. Rub marinade over chicken.
Cook chicken in a cast iron or heavy skillet on stovetop over medium-high heat for 2 minutes. Turn chicken, reduce heat to low, cover skillet with a lid and cook until chicken is no longer pink in the center, 4 to 6 minutes more. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).Transfer chicken to a cutting board and cover with aluminum foil to keep warm.
(The chicken can also be cooked in a countertop induction oven. Place chicken on the grill pan and cook chicken in the induction oven on the medium-high grill setting for 1 minute. Turn chicken, reduce heat to low, cover chicken with aluminum foil, and cook until chicken is no longer pink in the center, about 4 minutes.)
Combine 1/4 cup chicken broth, red bell pepper, 2 tablespoons oyster sauce, ginger, 3 cloves garlic, tamarind paste, vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, and fish sauce in a food processor; blend into a smooth chile sauce.
Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Pour in chile sauce; bring to a gentle boil, about 1 minute. Remove skillet from heat and pour sauce into a bowl.
Heat remaining 1 tablespoon cooking oil in the skillet over medium-high heat. Add shallot and 2 cloves minced garlic; cook and stir until shallots are wilted and translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. Pour in 1 3/4 cup chicken broth; bring to a boil. Stir in rice, red chile pepper, and white pepper. Reduce heat and cover; cook until most of the broth is absorbed, about 15 minutes.
Slice cooked chicken and place over rice and cover. Reduce heat to very low and let cook, 3 to 5 minutes.
Garnish rice and chicken with cucumber, green onion, and cilantro. Pour chile sauce on top.

Submitter: 
cooksinheels
Description: 
Chicken is marinated in a lemongrass sauce and then topped with a chile-ginger sauce and served with shallot rice for a quick and tasty weeknight dinner that can be served at dinner parties too. This recipe is made in a Panasonic CIO and appears on an episode of the Dinner Spinner TV Show on The CW!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
10 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.7
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
58 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
425 calories
10
g fat
53.9
g carbohydrates
28.4
g protein
65
mg cholesterol
312
mg sodium.
