URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255419/creamy-tuscan-chicken-rollups/
Title:
Creamy Tuscan Chicken Rollups Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F3961530.jpg
Ingredients:
¾ cup whipped cream cheese
½ cup thinly-sliced sun-dried tomatoes
½ teaspoon garlic powder
½ teaspoon onion powder
6  skinless, boneless chicken breasts - halved horizontally and pounded thin
¾ cup heavy whipping cream
2 tablespoons olive oil
⅛ teaspoon salt
⅓ cup grated Parmesan cheese
4 ounces chopped fresh basil
salt and pepper to taste
1 (9.74 ounce) package Idahoan Signature™ Russets Mashed Potatoes

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Lightly grease an 8 x 8-inch baking dish.
Combine whipped cream cheese, sun-dried tomatoes, garlic powder, and onion powder in a mixing bowl. Divide mixture among the chicken breast slices. Roll slices and place seam side down into prepared baking dish. Sprinkle with salt and pepper.
Bake in preheated oven until internal temperature reaches 165 degrees F, about 35 minutes.
Prepare Idahoan Signature™ Russets Mashed Potatoes according to package instructions. Cover and keep warm.
Combine heavy whipping cream, olive oil, and salt in a saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium-high heat stirring constantly. Cook until sauce begins to thicken, about 4 minutes. Stir in chopped basil and Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese; remove from heat.
Serve chicken topped with sauce and with a side of Idahoan Signature™ Russets Mashed Potatoes.

Submitter: 
Idahoan
Description: 
Thin chicken breasts filled with sun-dried tomatoes and whipped cream cheese are topped with a creamy basil sauce and served with Idahoan Signature™ Russets Mashed Potatoes.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
4 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.75
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
50 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
368 calories
26
g fat
5.4
g carbohydrates
28.3
g protein
130
mg cholesterol
399
mg sodium.
