URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255588/chef-johns-chicken-a-la-king/?src=VD_Summary
Title:
Chef John's Chicken a la King Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
6 tablespoons unsalted butter
½ pound sliced mushrooms
2 large shallots, minced
1 cup diced sweet bell peppers
Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
⅓ cup all-purpose flour
¼ cup dry sherry
3 ½ cups chicken stock or broth
1 pinch freshly grated nutmeg
1 pinch cayenne pepper
2 teaspoons fresh thyme
1 tablespoon chopped fresh Italian parsley
⅓ cup creme fraiche or heavy cream
4 cups cubed roasted chicken
Chopped fresh chives for garnish

Directions:
Melt butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms and salt. Saute until mushrooms release their  moisture. Continue cooking until moisture evaporates and mushrooms begin to brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Add shallots; cook and stir just until shallots soften, 3 or 4 minutes.
Reduce heat to medium. Stir in flour to coat the mushrooms; cook until flour begins to turn golden, about 5 minutes, to form roux. Add peppers; cook and stir about 1 minute. Pour in sherry wine; allow to sizzle about 30 seconds. Stir in stock. Raise heat to medium-high and bring to a simmer. When it starts to bubble, reduce heat to medium-low and cook until slightly thickened, 10 to 15 minutes stirring occasionally. Add nutmeg and cayenne pepper.
Stir in thyme, parsley, cream, and chicken. Reduce heat to low and cook until chicken is heated through, about 5 minutes. Check seasonings and adjust as needed. Top each serving with some chopped fresh chives.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
Chicken à la King is one of my favorite classic comfort foods. This recipe is easy to adapt--you can make it thicker or thinner by changing the amount of roux and having a little extra stock on hand. Usually I make this with leftovers from a large roasted chicken. Serve over pasta, toast, rice, or mashed potatoes.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
47 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.7
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
45 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
583 calories
36.2
g fat
20.8
g carbohydrates
43.7
g protein
179
mg cholesterol
833
mg sodium.
