URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/25551332/basic-fat-burning-soup/
Title:
Basic Fat-Burning Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 large yellow onions
1 bell pepper
1 28 oz. can whole tomatoes
1/2 bunch of celery
1/2 large head green cabbage
1 pkg. Lipton onion soup mix
4 beef boullion cubes
3 cloves of garlic (optional)
2 whole bay leaves (optional)
1 cup V-8 juice "spicy hot" (optional)
1/2 cup chopped cilantro (optional)
1 tsp. extra spicy Mrs. Dash (or regular)

Directions:
Cut vegetables in small bite-size pieces.
Put all vegetables except tomatoes in the put, cover with water.  Boil fast for 10 minutes until veggies are tender.
Add tomatoes and juice.  Bring to boil and heat thoroughly.
Add soup mix and simmer for 10 minutes.
May be seasoned with salt (sparingly), pepper, parsley, curry, etc. to taste.  Add extra cabbage and tomatoes if desired.
This will make enought soup for a few days.
Day 1: All fruits except bananas. Your first day eat all the fruits you want except bananas. Cantaloupes and watermelons are lower in calories than most fruits the first day. Eat only your soup and fruits on the first day. Drink unsweetened tea, cranberry juice or water.
Day 2:  All vegetables. Eat until stuffed with fresh or cooked vegetables of your choice. Try to eat green leafy veggies and stay away from dry beans, peas, and corn. At dinner time reward yourself with a large baked potato, buttered. Eat all the soup you want; don’t eat fruit.
Day 3:  Mix day one and two. Eat all the soup, fruits, and veggies you want. No potato.
Day 4:  Bananas and skimmed milk. Eat as many as 8 bananas and drink as much skimmed milk as you can along with your soup. Bananas are high in calories and carbohydrates,  proteins and calcium to lessen your craving sweets.
Day 5:  Beef and tomatoes. You may have 10-20oz of beef and a can of tomatoes or as many as 6 fresh tomatoes. Try to drink at least 5-8 glasses of water to wash away the uric acid. Eat your soup at least once this day.
Day 6:  Beef and veggies. Eat to your heart’s content of beef and vegetables this day. Green leafy vegetables preferred. NO BAKED POTATO. Eat your soup.
Day 7:  Brown rice, unsweetened juices and vegetables. Again, stuff yourself. Be sure to eat your soup at least once today.

Submitter: 
daf
Description: 
DIET: At the end of the 7th day, if you have not cheated on this diet, you will have lost 10 - 17 pounds.  If you have lost more than 15 pounds, stay off the diet for 2 days before you resume the diet.

This 7-day plan may be used as often as you like.  It will clean your system of impurities and give you a feeling of well being as never before.  After only one day of this process, you will begin to feel lighter by at least 10 pounds and have an abundance of energy.  Continue this plan as long as you wish and feel the difference.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
80 m
Number of servings: 
14
Nutritional Facts:
NA
