URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255535/gluten-free-butter-crackers/
Title:
Gluten-Free Butter Crackers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4461503.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup tapioca flour
1/2 cup brown rice flour
1/4 cup white rice flour
1 teaspoon white sugar
1/4 teaspoon xanthan gum
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup softened butter
5 tablespoons whole milk
sea salt to taste
cooking spray

Directions:
Mix tapioca flour, brown rice flour, white rice flour, sugar, xanthan gum, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in the bowl of a stand mixer set with the whisk attachment; cut in butter using the whisk setting, starting on low and working up to medium, stopping occasionally to scrape down the sides and bottoms, until mixture resembles coarse crumbs.
Slowly pour milk into butter-flour mixture while mixer is on low. Gradually increase speed and mix until batter is well mixed. Cover bowl and let dough sit for 15 minutes.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Spray 2 pieces parchment paper with cooking spray.
Roll dough on 1 of the sprayed sheets parchment paper. Top with the other parchment sheet, spray-side down, and roll dough to 1/8-inch thickness. Remove the top sheet and pat any edges back toward the middle if they are thinner than the rest to prevent burnt edges on the crackers.
Cut dough into cracker shapes using a pizza cutter and prick each square with a fork. Place parchment paper with crackers on a baking sheet and place on the middle rack in the oven.
Bake in the preheated oven for 3 minutes. Sprinkle sea salt over crackers; continue baking until crackers are browned and crisp, 18 to 25 minutes. Cool on the baking sheet or transfer crackers to a wire rack.

Submitter: 
TRAPPERS
Description: 
My husband just hasn't found a good cracker since going gluten-free, and he loved his butter crackers! I adapted this recipe from several different ones I was able to find on the web. Now I have to control what my non-GF kids eat so that dad will have some for the next day! These are not light and flaky, but the taste is definitely there!
 Welcome back peanut butter and crackers, cheese and crackers, plain crackers for nomming on! Also, I would expect you could add seasonings like garlic or sprinkle with Parmesan instead of salt, and kick it up a notch.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Snacks
Crackers

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 6 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
110 calories
5.1
g fat
15.1
g carbohydrates
1.1
g protein
13
mg cholesterol
129
mg sodium.
