URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255516/pork-and-shiitake-mushroom-ragu/
Title:
Pork and Shiitake Mushroom Ragu Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4446436.jpg
Ingredients:
3 pounds boneless pork shoulder (Boston Butt) roast, cut into chunks
kosher salt and freshly ground pepper to taste
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 cup low-sodium chicken broth
4 cloves garlic, minced, or more to taste
1 tablespoon Italian seasoning
2 bay leaves
1 (28 ounce) can petite diced tomatoes
1 (6 ounce) can tomato paste, or more to taste
8 ounces shiitake mushrooms, sliced

Directions:
Season pork with kosher salt and pepper.
Heat a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat; add oil. Stir pork into the hot oil and cooking, turning often with tongs, until pork is evenly browned, 10 to 12 minutes. Pour chicken broth over the pork and scrape any brown bits of food off the bottom of the Dutch oven using a wooden spoon; stir in garlic, Italian seasoning, and bay leaves.
Mix tomatoes and tomato paste into pork mixture, stirring and pressing paste along the side of the Dutch oven to help dissolve it. Reduce heat to medium-low. Stir, cover, and cook for 2 1/2 hours.
Remove Dutch oven from heat and shred pork into the tomato sauce using 2 forks. Add mushrooms; cover and simmer for 1 hour more. Remove bay leaves.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
Italian, paleo, omg, ragù! This was simply amazing. We are at our lake house for the summer and our friends came over. I had a super busy day and while at the butcher deciding what to make, the pork butt looked amazing. 

I did serve this dish with a creamy polenta. I am Italian! What can I say... if you want to keep it paleo, then serve with sauteed vegetables or sauteed garlic spinach (I do that a lot).

 This freezes well and taste even better the next day!  You can also prepare this meal in your slow cooker.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Sauces
Pasta Sauces
Tomato

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
299 calories
19.6
g fat
10.5
g carbohydrates
20.2
g protein
67
mg cholesterol
429
mg sodium.
