URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255519/homemade-pear-and-gorgonzola-ravioli/
Title:
Homemade Pear and Gorgonzola Ravioli Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4538342.jpg
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons butter
2 ripe pears - peeled, cored, and cubed
3 sprigs fresh thyme
7 ounces Gorgonzola cheese, crumbled
1 pound fresh pasta dough

Directions:
Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add pears and thyme; cook, stirring often, until pears have softened, about 10 minutes. Crumble Gorgonzola cheese over pears; cook and stir until melted, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove skillet from heat and cool filling completely.
                                    Watch Now
Cut pasta dough into 3 equal pieces. Flatten the first piece of dough on a floured work surface; roll with a rolling pin 5 or 6 times. Turn the dough 45 degrees and roll again, 5 to 6 times. Keep rolling and turning in the same direction until dough has a consistent thickness of about 1/16-inch. Repeat with remaining 2 pieces of pasta dough.
                                    Watch Now
Gently transfer 1 pasta sheet to a floured surface and cut in half to form 2 evenly sized rectangles. Drop about 1 teaspoon filling onto 1 rectangle, spacing the filling about 1-inch apart. Brush the spaces around the filling with water.
                                    Watch Now
Lay the second rectangle on top of the first. Gently squeeze out the air around the filling and press firmly with your hands to seal the edges and all dough around the filling.
                                    Watch Now
Cut square ravioli shapes using a ravioli cutter. Transfer the ravioli to a floured plate or board. Repeat with the remaining dough and filling. Let the ravioli stand for about 30 minutes.
                                    Watch Now
Bring a saucepan of lightly salted water to the boil; gently add ravioli, working in batches. Cook until ravioli float to the top, about 3 minutes. Remove using a slotted spoon and transfer to a warm bowl.

Submitter: 
Alemarsi
Description: 
Sweet, tasty, and creamy; pear and blue cheese is the perfect flavor pairing! Try this delicate and tasty Italian original homemade ravioli. Serve with a simple butter and sage sauce.
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
Italian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
555 calories
24.8
g fat
62.3
g carbohydrates
20.8
g protein
80
mg cholesterol
569
mg sodium.
