URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255669/creamy-pesto-pasta-with-almond-breeze/
Title:
Creamy Pesto Pasta with Almond Breeze Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4061119.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (16 ounce) package linguine pasta
2 tablespoons olive oil
2 large shallots, thinly sliced
2 cloves garlic, minced
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
2 cups Original Unsweetened Almond Breeze Almondmilk
1/2 lemon, juiced
1 tablespoon nutritional yeast (optional)
Salt and pepper, to taste
Grated Parmesan cheese, for serving
Chopped fresh basil, for serving
Kale Almond Pesto:
1 small bunch kale, stems removed, roughly chopped
1/2 cup fresh basil
1/2 cup olive oil
1/2 cup roasted salted almonds
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese
2 cloves garlic
1 lemon, zested and juiced
Salt and pepper, to taste

Directions:
In a Dutch oven or large pasta pot, cook pasta according to package directions. Drain pasta water, rinse and return to pot. Set aside.
In a saucepan over medium-low heat, saute shallots and garlic in olive oil until softened and fragrant, about 3 to 4 minutes. Season with a hefty pinch of salt and pepper. Add flour, coating shallot and garlic to start a roux. Slowly pour in Almond Breeze, whisking constantly until smooth, and bring mixture to a simmer. Let cook for an additional 5 to 8 minutes, or until thickened. Add lemon juice and nutritional yeast, and season with salt and pepper, to taste.
Transfer to a blender and puree until smooth. Blending will help the sauce thicken.
While sauce is cooking, pulse pesto ingredients in a blender or food processor, scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula, until mixture is smooth. Season to taste, and set aside.
To finish, combine sauce, 1/2 cup of the kale almond pesto and pasta, and stir until well mixed. Serve on plates or in deep bowls, and garnish with extra Parmesan cheese and basil.

Submitter: 
Almond Breeze
Description: 
Kale and basil pesto with almonds and Parmesan cheese is blended with a creamy roux then tossed with hot linguine for a dinner bursting with flavor.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
Almond Breeze

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
662 calories
34.1
g fat
75.9
g carbohydrates
20.1
g protein
7
mg cholesterol
258
mg sodium.
