URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255715/potato-free-paleo-gnocchi/
Title:
Potato-Free Paleo Gnocchi Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3484684.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 pounds kabocha squash, peeled and cubed
3/4 cup cassava flour
2 pinches salt
1 pinch ground nutmeg
Balsamic-Saffron Sauce:
1 tablespoon olive oil
4 leaves fresh sage
1 tablespoon coconut milk
1 teaspoon coconut milk
1/8 teaspoon saffron
2 tablespoons aged balsamic vinegar, or to taste

Directions:
Place a steamer insert into a saucepan and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer. Bring water to a boil. Add kabocha squash, cover, and steam until soft, 10 to 15 minutes.
Transfer steamed squash to a bowl; mash with a fork or potato masher. Mix in cassava flour, 1 pinch of salt, and nutmeg until a dough forms.
Dust a flat work surface with cassava flour. Divide dough into pieces and roll into 1-inch thick logs. Cut into 1-inch gnocchi. Arrange gnocchi on a tray lined with parchment paper.
Heat olive oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Cook sage leaves until crisp, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Press down with a fork to break leaves into small pieces. Stir in 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon coconut milk and saffron. Simmer sauce until flavors combine, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add 1 pinch of salt. Slide gnocchi gently into the water; cook until they float to the surface, 4 to 5 minutes. Scoop out with a wire strainer and transfer to serving plates.
Cover gnocchi with 1 tablespoon of sauce. Drizzle some balsamic vinegar on top.

Submitter: 
Little Bites of Beauty
Description: 
Italians know it well, making gnocchi without the right potatoes can be a key for disaster. Imagine making gluten-free paleo gnocchi that are potato free as well! That's one tough recipe to come up with!
Categories:
Fruits and Vegetables
Vegetables
Squash

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
46 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
213 calories
4.9
g fat
42.6
g carbohydrates
2.1
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
90
mg sodium.
