URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/25585/gianduja-chocolate-cheesecake/
Title:
Gianduja Chocolate Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/63347.jpg
Ingredients:
4 sheets phyllo dough
1/2 cup butter, melted
8 ounces gianduja chocolate, chopped
1 (1 ounce) square unsweetened chocolate, chopped
2 pounds mascarpone cheese
3/4 cup white sugar
4 egg yolks
1/4 cup hazelnut liqueur
4 egg whites

Directions:
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C.) Butter a 9 inch springform pan. Lay one sheet of phyllo dough in the pan. Tuck it into the pan and let the edges overhang the rim. Brush with butter and layer a second sheet of phyllo. Butter this sheet. Continue until you have used all four sheets of phyllo. End with butter. Use as little butter as possible. Cover the phyllo-filled pan with a damp cloth.
In the top of a double boiler, heat gianduia chocolate and unsweetened chocolate, stirring occasionally, until chocolate is melted and smooth. Remove from heat and allow to cool to lukewarm.
In a large bowl, beat the mascarpone cheese until smooth. When no lumps remain, begin to beat in the sugar a little at a time. Beat in the egg yolks one at a time incorporating each yolk completely before adding the next. Finally beat in the melted and cooled chocolates and the liqueur.
Beat the egg whites until they just get stiff. Do not over beat. Fold 1/3 of the egg whites into the cheese mixture, then quickly fold in the remaining whites until no streaks remain. Be careful not to deflate the whites as much as possible. Pour the filling into the phyllo-lined pan. Tuck the edges of the phyllo into the pan making a bit of a rim.
Bake in the preheated oven for 45 to 60 minutes, or until filling is set. It will still seem a little loose in the center. When the cake appears done, turn off the oven, prop open the oven door with a wooden spoon and let the cake remain in the oven for another hour. Then place the cake in the refrigerator until completely chilled.

Submitter: 
SMQ1404
Description: 
This is an unusual cheesecake that is absolutely wonderful. If you're going all out, track down real gianduja chocolate and mascarpone cheese. If that seems too expensive, then use semi-sweet chocolate and a good cream cheese, but don't forget the hazelnut liqueur! It's delicious and decadent. Serve in small pieces.
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
Italian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.19999980926514
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
2 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
452 calories
38.3
g fat
22.5
g carbohydrates
7.1
g protein
140
mg cholesterol
124
mg sodium.
