URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255974/sausage-avocado-benedict-with-white-cheddar-hollandaise/
Title:
Sausage Avocado Benedict with White Cheddar Hollandaise Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4093598.jpg
Ingredients:
Poached Eggs:
1 teaspoon vinegar
4 eggs
White Cheddar Hollandaise:
2 egg yolks
2 tablespoons lemon juice
2 tablespoons water
1/2 cup butter
1/2 cup shredded white Cheddar cheese
Benedict:
4 English muffins
2 avocados - peeled, pitted, and thinly sliced
4 Jones Dairy Farm All Natural Golden Brown® Breakfast Sausage Patties, prepared
Salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
For the Poached Eggs: Fill pan with 2-inches of water and bring to a simmer, add vinegar. Gently crack eggs one at a time into the water, using a spoon to gather egg whites around egg yolks.
Allow eggs to simmer just until whites are set, approximately 2 minutes. Remove eggs from water, and set aside.
For the White Cheddar Hollandaise: While eggs are poaching begin hollandaise. In medium bowl whisk together egg yolks, lemon juice and water until light yellow. Set aside. In small saucepan melt butter over medium-low heat. Add 1 tablespoon melted butter at a time to egg yolk mixture, whisking constantly until fully incorporated. Pour mixture into saucepan and continue to whisk until warmed through and thickened. In last minute, whisk in white cheddar cheese until melted.
Toast English muffins until golden brown. Top each with avocado and sausage patty. Top sausages with fresh poached egg and drizzle with white cheddar hollandaise. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Jones Dairy Farm
Description: 
When it's time to impress, turn to this indulgent benedict made with Jones breakfast sausage, creamy avocados and an incredible white Cheddar hollandaise.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
Jones Dairy Farm

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
2.5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
601 calories
47.3
g fat
27.2
g carbohydrates
19.1
g protein
367
mg cholesterol
769
mg sodium.
