URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255938/best-beef-chow-mein/
Title:
Best Beef Chow Mein Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
6 cups water
14 ounces chow mein noodles (such as Golden Dragon®)
1 pound flank steak, cut into thin strips
6 tablespoons teriyaki sauce
1/4 cup soy sauce, divided
3 tablespoons cornstarch
6 cloves garlic, crushed, divided
1 cup water
1 (1.5 ounce) package chow mein sauce mix (such as Su Wong®)
2 tablespoons teriyaki glaze
1 tablespoon sriracha sauce, or more to taste
1/4 cup peanut oil, divided
1 onion, chopped
2 carrots, sliced
1 cup sliced fresh mushrooms
1 cup broccoli florets
2 stalks celery, sliced
8 ounces bean sprouts
12 fresh shrimp (optional)
1 1/2 cups chopped bok choy
ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Bring water to a boil in a large pot. Cook chow mein noodles until soft, 5 to 6 minutes. Drain and rinse with cool water.
Mix flank steak, teriyaki sauce, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, cornstarch, and 2 cloves garlic together in a small bowl.
Mix remaining 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 4 cloves garlic, 1 cup water, chow mein sauce mix, teriyaki glaze, and sriracha sauce in a separate bowl to make sauce.
Preheat a wok over medium-high heat; add 2 tablespoons peanut oil. Add steak and onion; cook and stir until beef is brown and onion is translucent, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a plate.
Pour remaining 2 tablespoons peanut oil into the wok. Add carrots, mushrooms, broccoli, and celery; cook and stir until browned, about 3 minutes.
Return steak and onion mixture to the wok. Add noodles, sauce, bean sprouts, shrimp, bok choy; cook, stirring occasionally, until noodles are heated through and shrimp are opaque, about 4 minutes. Season with pepper.

Submitter: 
ttruxy
Description: 
From my experience many of the recipes I have found for chow mein and lo mein seem to be either dry or very bland. I have been working at this one and my family has decided that this is the one and I will never have to order out again.
Categories:
Pasta and Noodles
Noodles

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
500 calories
16.4
g fat
69.9
g carbohydrates
24.8
g protein
54
mg cholesterol
1789
mg sodium.
