URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/255921/honduran-style-crispy-fried-tacos-/
Title:
Honduran-Style Crispy Fried Tacos  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4116217.jpg
Ingredients:
2 skinless, boneless chicken breasts
1/2 teaspoon salt, or to taste
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 onion, finely chopped
1 tomato, finely chopped
1 green bell pepper, finely chopped
1 teaspoon chicken bouillon granules
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 pound corn tortillas
vegetable oil for frying
Tomato Sauce:
1/4 cup water
1 (6.5 ounce) can tomato sauce
1/2 teaspoon chicken bouillon granules
1/2 teaspoon seasoned salt

Directions:
Place chicken breasts and salt in a pot; cover halfway with water. Bring to a boil; cook until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center reads at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C), about 15 minutes. Cool until easily handled, about 5 minutes. Shred into thin pieces.
Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onion, tomato, and green bell peppers; cook and stir until softened, about 2 minutes. Stir in shredded chicken, 1 teaspoon chicken bouillon, and black pepper; cook until golden brown, about 5 minutes.
Spoon some of the chicken mixture into the middle of each corn tortilla. Fold tortilla around filling and secure with a toothpick.
Heat oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Fry tortillas in batches until golden and crispy, about 2 minutes per side. Drain on paper towels.
Bring 1/4 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan. Add tomato sauce, 1/2 teaspoon chicken bouillon, and seasoned salt. Cook and stir over medium-high heat until sauce thickens, about 5 minutes. Serve sauce over tacos.

Submitter: 
Nissi Pineda
Description: 
This is one of my favorites to make when it comes to deep-fried appetizers!
 My mom is Honduran and taught me how to make these amazing crispy tacos.
 Serve topped with white cheese, onion sauce, or chopped cabbage.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Meat and Poultry
Chicken

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h 11 m
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
calories
fat
carbohydrates
protein
cholesterol
sodium.
