URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/256087/pasteles-with-yuca-and-plantains/
Title:
Pasteles with Yuca and Plantains Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7006424.jpg
Ingredients:
2 pounds yuca, peeled and coarsely chopped
2 pounds green plantains, peeled and coarsely chopped
2 pounds yautia, peeled and coarsely chopped
2 cups milk
1 pound lard
1 pound achiote seeds
1 tablespoon olive oil, or to taste
1 onion, chopped
1 green bell pepper, chopped
2 pounds pork shoulder roast, cut into small cubes
1 pound ham, cut into small cubes
2 cups garbanzo beans
2 (8 ounce) cans tomato sauce
1 (5 ounce) jar pitted Spanish olives
1 (4 ounce) jar capers
3 tablespoons orange juice
4 sprigs cilantro, chopped
2 tablespoons dried oregano
1 tablespoon salt
2 cloves garlic, minced
24 plantain leaves
kitchen string

Directions:
Combine yuca, green plantains, yautia, and milk in a blender; puree into a thick paste the consistency of oatmeal.
Combine lard and achiote seeds in a saucepan over medium-low heat; heat until lard is melted, and reddish in color, about 5 minutes. Strain out achiote seeds. Mix half of the lard into the yuca paste.
Heat olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add onion and green bell pepper; cook and stir until tender, about 5 minutes. Add pork, ham, garbanzo beans, tomato sauce, olives, capers, orange juice, cilantro, oregano, salt, and garlic; cook and stir until pork is no longer pink in the center, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from heat.
Mix 2/3 of the remaining lard into the pork mixture.
Smear each plantain leaf with a small amount of remaining lard. Place a large spoonful of the yuca paste in the center of each one; top with a scoop of the pork mixture. Fold up the sides of each leaf to enclose the filling and create a rectangular pastel.
Stack 2 pasteles and tie them together with kitchen string. Repeat with remaining pasteles.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add pasteles. Cook until filling is tender, about 1 hour. Unwrap pasteles before serving.

Submitter: 
Mfact
Description: 
This is a traditional holiday family meal. This recipe has been in our family for years. It is a Puerto Rican dish. It is customary to make this and give them away to all the people you love.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Latin American
Caribbean

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
55 m
Ready in:
2 h 18 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
417 calories
28.2
g fat
31.2
g carbohydrates
11.8
g protein
45
mg cholesterol
1119
mg sodium.
