URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/256100/nutella-pastry-christmas-tree/?src=VD_Summary
Title:
Nutella® Pastry Christmas Tree Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4118476.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (17.5 ounce) package frozen puff pastry, thawed
4 tablespoons chocolate-hazelnut spread (such as Nutella®), or more to taste, at room temperature
1 egg, lightly beaten

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Roll out one puff pastry sheet into a large rectangle on a lightly floured surface and place on the prepared baking sheet.
                                    Watch Now
Lightly score puff pastry into the shape of a Christmas tree (triangle) with a wide base. Spread chocolate-hazelnut spread over the triangle in a thin layer with the back of a spoon.
                                    Watch Now
Roll out the second sheet of puff pastry to a large rectangle and place on top of the first one. Carefully trace the shape of the chocolate covered triangle underneath and cut out the Christmas tree shape and the trunk. Pull away excess pastry.
                                    Watch Now
Lightly score 2 lines down the middle of the triangle to form a tree trunk that is narrower at the top and gets wider towards the base. Using the trunk as a guide, cut branches into the sides of the triangle.
                                    Watch Now
Twist the branches away from you, trying to get in 2 turns on the lower branches. Continue moving up the tree, twisting away from you as you go.
                                    Watch Now
Cut a small star out of the excess pastry; place on top of the tree. Brush the star and tree with beaten egg.
                                    Watch Now
Bake in the preheated oven until puffy and golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Cool slightly, about 5 minutes. Slide onto a serving plate, using a piece of parchment paper if needed.
                                    Watch Now

Submitter: 
geneviever
Description: 
This spectacular pastry Christmas tree is easier to make than you might think. Just follow this step-by-step recipe! Indulgent Nutella® chocolate hazelnut spread is sandwiched between two layers of puff pasty, scored in all the right places then twisted to form tree branches. Ideal for Christmas parties and delicious washed down with some festive mulled wine.
Categories:
Bread
Quick Bread

Number of ratings:
51 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.70588254928589
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
52 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
386 calories
26.2
g fat
32.4
g carbohydrates
5.8
g protein
23
mg cholesterol
169
mg sodium.
