URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/256566/refined-sugar-free-mango-sticky-rice/
Title:
Refined Sugar Free-Mango Sticky Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3492580.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup Thai glutinous rice
1 1/3 cups coconut milk
1/3 cup dates, pitted and chopped
1/4 teaspoon Himalayan salt
1 teaspoon cornstarch
2 ripe mangoes, sliced
1 teaspoon toasted sesame seeds

Directions:
Place glutinous rice in a large container and cover with several inches of cool water. Let soak, about 1 hour. Drain and rinse thoroughly.
Cook rice in a steamer over medium-low heat for 20 minutes.
Combine coconut milk, dates, and Himalayan salt in a high-speed blender; blend until completely smooth. Pour 2/3 of the coconut mixture into a bowl; reserve.
Pour remaining 1/3 of the coconut mixture into a saucepan over low heat. Sift in cornstarch. Cook, stirring constantly, until thickened into a sauce, 3 to 5 minutes.
Place rice in a large pot over low heat; stir in reserved coconut mixture. Cook, stirring gently, until liquid is absorbed, 5 to 10 minutes.
Transfer rice to a serving dish. Arrange mango slices around rice. Pour sauce over rice; garnish with sesame seeds.

Submitter: 
Little Bites of Beauty
Description: 
If you have been following me on Instagram or Facebook for a while, you know that mango sticky rice is one of my favorite sweets ever. And this is especially true when you can turn this naturally gluten-free dessert into a healthy gluten-free recipe! 

Read on and I will show how to turn this yummy treat in a refined sugar-free dessert.
 The first time I tried mango sticky rice I was just in the right place: Bangkok. As you can imagine, mangoes in Thailand are the best in the whole world! Anywhere you go, from Chiang Mai to Phuket, you'll find food carts selling fresh mangoes.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Thai

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 43 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
332 calories
16.8
g fat
45.7
g carbohydrates
4
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
159
mg sodium.
