URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/256592/campfire-curried-vegetable-packs/
Title:
Campfire Curried Vegetable Packs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5468099.jpg
Ingredients:
1 head cauliflower, broken into florets
1 (15 ounce) can chickpeas, drained
5 red potatoes, cut into cubes
1 zucchini, chopped
1 yellow squash, chopped
1 sweet onion, chopped
1 tablespoon olive oil, or as needed
1/4 cup curry powder, or to taste
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1/3 cup vegetable broth, or as needed (optional)

Directions:
Build a campfire and allow the fire to burn until it has accumulated a bed of coals. Rake the coals into a flat bed on one side of the fire. Alternatively, preheat an outdoor grill.
Combine cauliflower, chickpeas, potatoes, zucchini, yellow squash, and onion in large bowl.
Cut two 2-foot sections of aluminum foil and place one on top of the other. Fold the edges together so the 2 pieces will stay together. Drizzle olive oil in the middle of the foil, leaving 4 to 5 inches on each side for folding. Place a few handfuls of the cauliflower mixture over the olive oil; season with curry powder, salt, and pepper. Spoon some vegetable broth on top. Repeat with more foil and remaining cauliflower mixture.
Pull the 2 longer sides of each foil packet together over the cauliflower mixture and fold over several times until you almost reach the center. Flatten down the sides and roll them up toward the center.
Place the packets to the side of the campfire using long tongs. Cook until cauliflower mixture feels tender when you press the packets with the tongs, 20 to 30 minutes.
Remove packets from fire and let cool, about 5 minutes. Open from the top, leaving the rolled-up sides as-is, to create a bowl.

Submitter: 
SARAHLIZZ3
Description: 
A curried vegetable and chickpea dish made in an aluminum foil wrap over a campfire. This is an easy vegetarian meal while camping with almost no cleanup! (I hate doing dishes while tent camping.)
Categories:
Everyday Cooking
Vegetarian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
187 calories
4.4
g fat
33
g carbohydrates
7.5
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
274
mg sodium.
