URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/256590/chorizo-spiced-party-sized-chopped-veggie-salad/
Title:
Chorizo-Spiced Party-Sized Chopped Veggie Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4563832.jpg
Ingredients:
1 head cauliflower, stemmed and chopped
2 large cucumbers, seeded and chopped
1 (8 ounce) package baby carrots, chopped
8 ounces radishes, chopped
1 (8 ounce) package mushrooms, stemmed and chopped
4 ounces cilantro, chopped
4 leaves kale, stemmed and chopped
1 large poblano pepper, seeded and chopped
1/2 cup lime juice
1/2 cup white vinegar
2 tablespoons ground paprika
1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil
1 tablespoon minced garlic
1 tablespoon minced fresh oregano
1 tablespoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon chili powder
1/2 teaspoon ground cloves
1/2 teaspoon ground coriander
1 pinch salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Combine cauliflower, cucumbers, carrots, radishes, mushrooms, cilantro, kale, and poblano pepper in a large food-safe container with a lid.
Whisk lime juice, vinegar, paprika, olive oil, garlic, oregano, cumin, chili powder, cloves, coriander, salt, and pepper in a bowl until no lumps remain. Pour over cauliflower mixture in the container. Cover and shake until well mixed.

Submitter: 
Dr.B
Description: 
This is a large-batch hearty vegetarian salad with the bold flavors of Mexican chorizo sausage (without the meat). It's filling but low in calories. It's smoky, peppery, with bright acidity, and best of all, it has a satisfying crunch that doesn't wilt. It's great for parties since everything is chopped or diced, so it's not awkward to eat, and the crunch will last all day. You can even prepare it the night before with out worrying about a weak wilted salad.
Categories:
Salad
Vegetable Salads
Cauliflower

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
55 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
91 calories
2.7
g fat
15.9
g carbohydrates
4.5
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
95
mg sodium.
