URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/256555/zoodles-with-chicken-and-creamy-parmesan-and-sun-dried-tomato-sauce/
Title:
Zoodles with Chicken and Creamy Parmesan and Sun-dried Tomato Sauce Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
2 large zucchini
1 ½ pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cubed
1 teaspoon poultry seasoning, or to taste
1 tablespoon butter
1 small onion, finely chopped
1 (8 ounce) jar oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes, chopped
1 tablespoon sun-dried tomato oil
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 ¼ cups evaporated skim milk
¾ cup grated Parmesan cheese
2 tablespoons vegan cream cheese substitute (such as Tofutti (<sup>&reg;</sup>)) (optional)
salt to taste
1 pinch red pepper flakes, or to taste
1 pinch dried basil, or to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 275 degrees F (135 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with paper towels.
Cut zucchini into noodles using a spiralizer or vegetable peeler. Spread on the baking sheet; cover with another layer of paper towels.
Bake zucchini noodles in the preheated oven until dried out, about 30 minutes.
Season chicken with poultry seasoning.
Melt butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken; cook and stir until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Add onion; cook and stir until softened, about 3 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low; stir in sun-dried tomatoes, oil, and garlic. Cook until garlic is fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes.
Stir evaporated skim milk, Parmesan cheese, and vegan cream cheese into the skillet until melted and smooth, 1 to 2 minutes. Season with salt, red pepper flakes, and basil. Stir in zucchini noodles until evenly coated with sauce.

Submitter: 
grampnana
Description: 
Healthy and filling, this had even meat-eating DH going for seconds. Quick and easy too! Serve sauce over steamed broccoli instead of zoodles if you prefer.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
2 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 5 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
533 calories
24.3
g fat
32.3
g carbohydrates
49.3
g protein
115
mg cholesterol
660
mg sodium.
