URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/256630/stuffed-angus-sliders-with-heirloom-tomato-and-onions/
Title:
Stuffed Angus Sliders with Heirloom Tomato and Onions Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4454210.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound Black Angus ground chuck
1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
4 slices garlic and herb Jack cheese
4 slider-sized burger buns
canola oil cooking spray
1 heirloom tomato, cut into 1/4-inch slices
1 small sweet onion, sliced
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Place ground chuck in mixing bowl. Add sea salt and pepper and mix with a fork. Divide into 4 equal pieces. Divide each piece in two and shape into 8 flat patties, 2 for each slider.
Fold corners of the Jack cheese slices into the center to make smaller squares. Place cheese on 4 patties and top with remaining patties. Seal edges together.
Slice buns in half and spray cut side with canola oil spray.
Spray tomato and onion slices with cooking spray; season with salt and pepper.
Preheat Panasonic(R) Countertop Induction Oven to Medium on the "Grill" setting.
Place rolls cut-side down on the grill pan and grill for 3 1/2 minutes. Remove from the oven.
Place tomato slices on the grill pan and grill for 2 minutes. Remove from the oven.
Place onion on the grill pan and grill for 5 minutes, turning halfway through. Remove from the oven.
Place patties on the grill pan and grill for 5 minutes, turning halfway through. Remove from the oven.
Assemble burgers by placing patties on bottom buns and topping with tomato and onion slices. Cover with top buns.

Submitter: 
Cliff G
Description: 
Ground chuck, heirloom tomato, garlic and herb Jack cheese, onion, and rolls are grilled in the Panasonic Countertop Induction Oven for an easy, delicious meal in about 30 minutes.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
Panasonic

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.875
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
36 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
424 calories
25.8
g fat
161.2
g carbohydrates
29.2
g protein
94
mg cholesterol
476
mg sodium.
