URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/256612/red-pepper-and-cabbage-pickle/
Title:
Red Pepper and Cabbage Pickle Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 heads cabbage, finely shredded
3 tablespoons salt
4 cups water
4 cups vinegar
1 1/2 cups white sugar
1 cup vegetable oil
1 tablespoon ground turmeric
1 tablespoon celery seed
1 tablespoon mustard seeds
10 onions, chopped
10 sweet red peppers, chopped

Directions:
Place cabbage in a large non-reactive bowl or plastic food-safe bucket. Sprinkle salt over cabbage and toss to combine. Cover with plastic wrap or a lid. Let soak in the refrigerator, 8 hours to overnight.
Squeeze out liquid from the cabbage; drain.
Combine water, vinegar, sugar, oil, turmeric, celery seed, and mustard seeds in a large pot; bring to a boil. Stir in drained cabbage, onions, and red pepper. Bring back up to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer until onions are very tender, about 45 minutes.
Sterilize 6 quart jars and lids in boiling water for 5 minutes. Pack cabbage mixture into hot, sterilized jars, filling to within 1 inch of the top. Run a clean knife around the insides of the jars to remove any air bubbles. Top with lids and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large pot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars 2 inches apart into the boiling water using a holder. Pour in more boiling water if necessary to cover jars by 1 inch. Bring the water to a rolling boil, cover the pot, and process for 25 minutes.
Remove the jars from the pot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
the4taals
Description: 
My grandmother always made this to eat as a side salad with sandwiches or cold meat. I have seen similar recipes called Amish Pickled Coleslaw. It is a little extra work with the soaking but it is a nice change from other pickle or relish recipes. Add a jalapeno pepper to each jar if you like heat.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Pickled

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
10 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
48
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
106 calories
4.9
g fat
15.2
g carbohydrates
1.5
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
449
mg sodium.
