URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/256627/grilled-chicken-fajita-salad/
Title:
Grilled Chicken Fajita Salad Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F4450582.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into strips
1 (12 ounce) bottle liquid fajita marinade
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 clove garlic, minced
½ teaspoon kosher salt
¼ teaspoon ground black pepper
2 heads romaine lettuce
2  red bell peppers, cut into 1/4-inch strips
½  onion, cut into 1/4-inch strips

Directions:
Combine chicken strips and fajita marinade in a large bowl. Let marinate in the refrigerator, 1 hour to overnight.
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate.
Combine oil, minced garlic, salt, and pepper together in a bowl. Clean heads of romaine lettuce; cut in half from end to end. Brush halved romaine lettuce with oil-garlic mixture.
Add sliced peppers and onions to the oil-garlic mixture. Toss to combine.
Arrange the romaine cut-side down on the oiled grill. Cook just until grill marks appear, about 2 minutes. Remove and set aside to cool.
If you have a grill basket, spread marinated chicken evenly in the basket; otherwise, thread chicken and vegetables on skewers. Grill chicken for 5 minutes. Turn the chicken in the basket, add the vegetables, and grill until an instant-read thermometer inserted in the chicken reaches 165 degrees F (74 degrees C), about 10 minutes more.
Slice grilled lettuce and place on serving plates. Divide chicken and vegetables evenly over the grilled romaine lettuce.

Submitter: 
Baking Nana
Description: 
A low-carb, no-sweat, sizzling hot grilled fajita salad. Garnish with lime wedges and finely chopped cilantro, if desired.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
6 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.83
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 35 mins
Number of servings: 
1 hr
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
283 calories
10.2
g fat
19.6
g carbohydrates
26.6
g protein
65
mg cholesterol
1738
mg sodium.
