URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/256701/jans-chocolate-coffee-bean-bark/
Title:
Jan's Chocolate Coffee Bean Bark Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4464769.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup roasted whole coffee beans
1 (11.5 ounce) package milk chocolate chips
1 tablespoon shortening, or more if desired (optional)
11 1/2 ounces dark chocolate chips

Directions:
Line a 9x14-inch baking sheet with a silicone baking mat.
Place coffee beans in a food processor and pulse a few times just until coarsely chopped.
Melt milk chocolate in top of a double boiler over simmering water, stirring frequently and scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula to avoid scorching, about 5 minutes. Add shortening to make melted milk chocolate smoother; stir until smooth. Stir coffee beans into melted milk chocolate until coated.
Pour milk chocolate mixture onto the prepared baking sheet, spreading mixture to the edges. Refrigerate.
Melt dark chocolate in top of a double boiler over simmering water, stirring frequently and scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula to avoid scorching, about 5 minutes. Add shortening to make melted dark chocolate smoother; stir until smooth. Remove from heat.
Pour melted dark chocolate over refrigerated milk chocolate mixture, spreading evenly over the top. Refrigerate until set, 10 to 15 minutes.
Peel the silicone mat from the bottom of the chocolate mixture and place onto a work surface. Cut into pieces using a sharp knife. The bark will crack and break as you go.

Submitter: 
What's for dinner, mom?
Description: 
Two favorites in one that pair perfectly together - coffee and chocolate! You can change up the chocolate blends, add dried fruit or even nuts. Makes a great holiday gift for the chocolate and coffee lover. Store bark in an airtight container in the refrigerator.
Categories:
Desserts
Chocolate
Milk Chocolate

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
48
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
66 calories
4.1
g fat
8.8
g carbohydrates
0.3
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
2
mg sodium.
