URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/256735/aip-breakfast-tapioca-porridge-grain-free-and-paleo/
Title:
AIP Breakfast Tapioca Porridge (Grain Free and Paleo) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3649605.jpg
Ingredients:
Raspberry-Rhubarb Sauce:
1 teaspoon coconut oil
2 cups frozen chopped rhubarb
1 tablespoon water, or as needed (optional)
1 cup raspberries
1 packet stevia powder, or to taste
Porridge:
2 cups water, or as needed
3/4 cup small tapioca pearls
2/3 cup coconut milk
2 dates, pitted and chopped
1 tablespoon maca powder (such as Organic Burst®)
1 tablespoon vanilla extract
1 packet stevia powder, or to taste (optional)

Directions:
Grease a saucepan with coconut oil and place over medium heat; add rhubarb. Cook until rhubarb starts to soften, adding water if needed, about 10 minutes. Stir raspberries and 1 packet stevia powder into rhubarb; cook until sauce is smooth, 5 to 10 minutes.
Fill a pot halfway with water and bring to a boil; add tapioca. Simmer over medium heat, stirring often, for 1 minute. Reduce heat to low and continue simmering until tapioca is completely translucent, 5 to 8 minutes.
Blend coconut milk, dates, maca powder, and vanilla extract in a blender until smooth.
Strain tapioca porridge through a fine-mesh strainer and transfer back to the pot over low heat. Stir coconut mixture and 1 packet stevia powder into porridge. Simmer until liquid is absorbed, about 5 minutes more.
Pour porridge into 3 wine glasses and top with raspberry-rhubarb sauce.

Submitter: 
Little Bites of Beauty
Description: 
Whether you are following an AIP diet, you're intolerant to grains, or you simply want to switch up the taste of your breakfast porridge with a great and creamy texture, this healthy grain-free recipe is perfect for you! 

This vanilla-maca tapioca porridge with a rhubarb and raspberry sauce is definitely one of my favorite grain-free porridge alternatives. As you probably saw on my Facebook and Instagram, I make it very often! What I love about this recipe is that is suitable pretty for anybody as I worked very hard to make it compliant to basically every allergy in the world.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Cereals

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
41 m
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
352 calories
12.8
g fat
58.1
g carbohydrates
3.8
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
17
mg sodium.
