URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/256729/algerian-couscous/
Title:
Algerian Couscous Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4477315.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 cup olive oil, or more as needed, divided
8 mutton chops, fat removed
4 chicken drumsticks
1 pinch salt and ground black pepper to taste
3 onions, quartered
water to cover
2 tablespoons ground turmeric
2 tablespoons ground cumin
2 tablespoons ground coriander
3 potatoes, cut into chunks
3 turnips, cut into chunks
3 carrots, sliced lengthwise and cut into chunks
1 (6 ounce) can tomato paste
2 tablespoons ras el hanout
1 (7 ounce) can chickpeas, drained
2 zucchini, sliced lengthwise and cut into chunks
5 sprigs cilantro, chopped
Couscous:
3 cups water
2 cups couscous
1 tablespoon butter
3 tablespoons harissa

Directions:
Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large pot over medium-high heat. Season mutton chops and chicken drumsticks with salt and pepper; cook in batches with onions in the hot oil until browned, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a large plate.
Scrape the bottom of the pot with a wooden spoon to release browned bits. Return mutton chops and chicken to the pot. Pour in enough water to cover; add turmeric, cumin, and coriander. Cover and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium; simmer for 20 minutes.
Stir potatoes, turnips, and carrots into the pot. Simmer, covered, until vegetables start to soften, about 10 minutes. Mix in tomato paste and ras el hanout; cook for 10 minutes. Stir in chickpeas, zucchini, and cilantro; continue cooking, covered, until zucchini is tender, about 5 minutes.
Bring 3 cups water to a boil in a saucepan; remove from heat and stir in couscous and butter. Cover saucepan and let stand until water is absorbed completely, 5 to 10 minutes. Fluff couscous with a fork and stir in 1 tablespoon olive oil. Transfer to a serving dish.
Ladle 2 scoops of cooking liquid into a bowl; mix in harissa until smooth.
Scoop vegetables onto a serving plate. Scoop mutton and chicken onto a separate plate. Serve alongside couscous, harissa sauce, and remaining cooking liquid in the pot.

Submitter: 
Natacha Pellerin
Description: 
This recipe is made with mutton and chicken, but you can easily change the meats for lamb and/or merguez. I make this often and my family loves it!
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Stews

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 42 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
492 calories
15.8
g fat
57.3
g carbohydrates
30.5
g protein
72
mg cholesterol
358
mg sodium.
