URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/256727/moroccan-chicken-tagine-with-preserved-lemons-fennel-olives-and-harissa/
Title:
Moroccan Chicken Tagine with Preserved Lemons, Fennel, Olives, and Harissa Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/4486708.jpg
Ingredients:
1 teaspoon ground paprika
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon ground cayenne
½ teaspoon ground cinnamon
½ teaspoon ground turmeric
ground black pepper
4 (6 ounce) bone-in chicken thighs, skin removed
2 tablespoons olive oil
1  fennel bulb, trimmed and thinly sliced
1 large red onion, thinly sliced
3 cloves garlic, minced, or more to taste
1 (15 ounce) can garbanzo beans, drained, divided
1 cup chicken broth
1 cup pitted green olives, divided
3 tablespoons harissa, or to taste
½  preserved lemon, thinly sliced, divided
1 teaspoon grated ginger root (optional)
5  cherry tomatoes, halved, or more to taste
¼ cup toasted almonds

Directions:
Mix paprika, cumin, salt, cayenne, cinnamon, turmeric, and black pepper together in a small bowl.
Pat chicken thighs dry and place them in a resealable plastic bag. Sprinkle paprika mixture over chicken thighs; massage the bag to coat chicken evenly.
Heat oil in a tagine over medium heat. Add chicken; cook until browned, 2 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate. Cook and stir fennel, onion, and garlic in the tagine. Stir in half of the garbanzo beans, chicken broth, 1/2 cup green olives, harissa, 1/2 of the preserved lemon, and ginger.
Lay chicken over garbanzo bean mixture; sprinkle remaining olives on top. Scatter cherry tomatoes on top. Cover and simmer over medium-low heat until chicken is tender, 45 minutes to 1 hour.
Combine remaining garbanzo beans with 2 tablespoons of broth from the tagine in a food processor or blender; blend into a thin paste.
Transfer chicken to a serving dish. Stir garbanzo bean paste into the tagine. Simmer until flavors combine, about 5 minutes. Spoon broth mixture over chicken.
Garnish with remaining preserved lemon and toasted almonds.

Submitter: 
Nancy
Description: 
Great spicy, exotic chicken dish. I created this mashup of several recipes to inaugurate my new tagine, but I think any skillet, loosely covered, should work. Serve over couscous.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
7 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.86
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 24 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
517 calories
28.5
g fat
31.4
g carbohydrates
36
g protein
102
mg cholesterol
3351
mg sodium.
