URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/256831/waffles-and-bacon-frozen-custard/
Title:
Waffles and Bacon Frozen Custard Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4531350.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons butter
1/2 teaspoon flax seed meal
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
16 fluid ounces half-and-half
1 cup milk
1/2 cup white sugar
1/4 cup brown sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
4 egg yolks
1 tablespoon brown sugar
1 tablespoon maple syrup
3 slices thick-cut bacon
1 1/2 teaspoons maple syrup
1 teaspoon sea salt

Directions:
Place butter in a pot over medium heat; cook and stir until mostly melted, 1 to 2 minutes. Add flax meal and cinnamon; cook and stir until butter becomes a deep toasty brown, about 3 to 5 minutes. Pour browned butter into a large heat-resistent bowl.
Mix half-and-half, milk, white sugar, brown sugar, and vanilla extract together in a pot over medium-high heat. As the mixture approaches a boil, scoop out 1/4 cup and whisk it with egg yolks in a bowl. Repeat this 3 or 4 times until egg mixture is almost doubled in volume. Stir egg mixture into milk mixture; simmer until custard begins to thicken, about 2 minutes.
Pour custard through a strainer into the bowl with browned butter; stir until butter is incorporated. Cover bowl and refrigerate until completely cooled, 6 hours to overnight.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and place a wire rack on top.
Mix brown sugar and 1 tablespoon maple syrup together in a small bowl.
Place bacon on the wire rack on the baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven for 10 minutes. Flip bacon and cook until about 2/3 cooked, 5 to 10 minutes more. Flip bacon again and baste the tops with brown sugar-syrup mixture; bake for 5 minutes. Flip bacon and baste the other side; bake for 5 minutes. Continue this process until bacon is crisp and coating has candied and all the brown sugar-syrup mixture is used, 5 to 10 minutes more.
Turn off oven and sprinkle sea salt over both sides of bacon; let sit for a few minutes in the oven. Chop bacon into bite-size pieces.
Preheat oven to 200 degrees F (95 degrees C). Cover a baking sheet with parchment paper. Drizzle 1 1/2 teaspoons maple syrup over the parchment paper, keeping the drops dime-size or smaller.
Bake in the preheated oven until drops are bubbling and height of each drop is less than half of it was in the beginning, about 1 hour. Cool on baking sheet until stiff yet slightly sticky.
Stir chilled custard and pour into ice cream maker; start churning. Start adding bacon bits, a few at a time, to churning custard about halfway through. Once the custard is getting thicker, add the syrup drops, 1 or 2 at a time to ensure they are evenly dispersed. Continue churning until custard is thick. Transfer to a freezer-safe container and freeze until it sets, 2 to 4 hours.

Submitter: 
Shlemar
Description: 
Subtly sweet, with nutty, toasted hints from browned butter and flax meal, this frozen custard is creamy, a little crunchy, and just unusual enough to peak everyone's curiosity. It's also totally gluten-free, so celiac sufferers rejoice! It's a lot of work, but totally worth the effort once it's in your bowl.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Pork

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
10 h 51 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
343 calories
18.8
g fat
37.4
g carbohydrates
7.2
g protein
185
mg cholesterol
483
mg sodium.
