URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/256924/pineapple-mango-habanero-jam-/
Title:
Pineapple Mango Habanero Jam  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 pounds fresh mangos, cut into chunks
1 pound fresh pineapple, cut into chunks
1/2 cup cider vinegar
4 cups white sugar
1 (3 ounce) pouch liquid pectin
4 habanero chiles - stemmed, halved, and seeded

Directions:
Combine mangos, pineapple, and cider vinegar in a stockpot over medium-high heat. Bring to a a simmer; mash mangos and pineapple to a chunky consistency with a potato masher. Stir in sugar until dissolved.
Stir liquid pectin and habanero chile halves into the stockpot. Bring to a rolling boil, stirring frequently. Cook, stirring frequently, until jam thickens, about 2 minutes more. Remove chile halves. Discard 6 chile halves; chop 2 halves and stir back into the stockpot.
Sterilize 8 half-pint jars and lids in boiling water for at least 5 minutes.
Ladle hot jam into hot, sterilized jars, filling to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a clean knife around the insides of the jars to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars into the boiling water using a holder, spacing them 2 inches apart. Pour in more boiling water to cover jars by at least 1 inch. Bring the water to a rolling boil, cover the pot, and process for 10 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool, about 8 hours. Press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all).

Submitter: 
TheSlyBear
Description: 
I've always been a big fan of tropical flavors married to the fruity heat of habanero chiles, so after some experimentation I came up with this recipe for a sweet and tasty jam with a gentle but pronounced finish heat. Store in a cool, dark area.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Jams and Jellies

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
8 h 57 m
Number of servings: 
64
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
60 calories
0
g fat
15.3
g carbohydrates
0.1
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
< 1
mg sodium.
