URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/256934/raw-cashew-cheesy-kale-chips/
Title:
Raw Cashew Cheesy Kale Chips Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 cups raw cashews
1 red bell pepper, roughly chopped
1/4 cup roughly chopped onion
1 lemon, juiced
1 jalapeno pepper, seeded (optional)
2 cloves garlic
3/4 cup water, or more as needed
1/2 cup nutritional yeast
1 teaspoon paprika
1 teaspoon ground turmeric (optional)
1 teaspoon dried mustard (optional)
1/2 teaspoon sea salt
1/2 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper
2 bunches curly kale, stemmed

Directions:
Place cashews in a bowl. Cover with water; let soak for at least 1 hour. Drain and rinse.
Transfer cashews to a blender; blend until finely chopped, scraping the sides of the bowl periodically. Add red bell pepper, onion, lemon juice, jalapeno pepper, and garlic; blend until well chopped. Scrape the sides of the bowl; add 3/4 cup water, nutritional yeast, paprika, turmeric, mustard, salt, and pepper. Blend until smooth, adding more water if necessary.
Combine cashew mixture and kale in a large bowl; scrunch kale with your hands until evenly coated with cashew mixture. Spread in a single layer on an unlined dehydrator tray.
Dehydrate kale at 105 degrees F (41 degrees C) until crisp, about 8 hours.

Submitter: 
Amanda Nicole Smith
Description: 
This is the most addicting healthy snack in the world! Crunchy, cheesy goodness that is not only vegan but also raw. The cheese is made up of simple natural ingredients like cashews and red bell pepper. This recipe fits perfectly into my busy lifestyle. I just throw them in a bag and take them with me or eat them as an appetizer while I'm preparing dinner. I also sprinkle the leftover cheesy kale flakes on my salad. I love sharing this recipe with friends and family because they instantly fall in love. Now they are making their own and sharing with me! Nom, Nom, crunch, crunch...
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Snacks
Chips
Kale Chips

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
9 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
141 calories
8.1
g fat
13.1
g carbohydrates
7.2
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
83
mg sodium.
