URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/256926/gluten--and-dairy-free-roasted-cashew-cake/
Title:
Gluten- and Dairy-Free Roasted Cashew Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Roasted Cashew Flour:
1 cup coarsely chopped raw cashews
1 1/2 teaspoons honey
1/2 teaspoon coarse salt
Cake:
3/4 cup oat milk
1/2 cup coconut oil, melted
2 eggs, lightly beaten
1 cup brown rice flour
1/2 cup arrowroot powder
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 tablespoon guar gum
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 pinch ground nutmeg
1 pinch ground ginger
1 pinch ground cloves
1 pinch chili powder
1 pinch salt

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Spread cashews on a baking sheet. Sprinkle coarse salt on top; drizzle with honey.
Roast in the preheated oven until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Cool briefly, about 5 minutes.
Grind cashews into a meal in a nut grinder or blender. Sift meal through a fine sieve. Repeat grinding process until meal has a fine, flour-like consistency.
Mix oat milk, coconut oil, and eggs together in a bowl.
Combine 3/4 cup cashew flour, brown rice flour, arrowroot powder, baking powder, guar gum, cinnamon, nutmeg, ginger, cloves, chili powder, and salt in a large bowl. Make a well in the center; pour in oat milk mixture. Mix with a wooden spoon until batter is well blended.
Grease an 8-inch round cake pan with coconut oil. Pour batter into the pan.
Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 25 to 32 minutes.

Submitter: 
PhoobyInTheKitchen
Description: 
I was making dinner for my mom one day and I decided to whip up a dessert to accompany it.  I didn't know what to do, so I just remembered the roasted cashew flour I had in the freezer and everything sort of clicked together. This cake is simple, yummy, healthy, and moist--everything you could want in a modest cake. You don't have to make roasted cashews if you're really short on time, but it does add a unique and subtle flavor.
Categories:
Desserts
Cakes
Spice Cake

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
53 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
345 calories
22.9
g fat
30.8
g carbohydrates
6.4
g protein
46
mg cholesterol
354
mg sodium.
