URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/256981/bratwurst/
Title:
Bratwurst Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6437643.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 pounds pork shoulder
1 pound hanger steak (onglet)
7 ounces pork fat
1/2 cup beer
1 tablespoon salt
4 cloves garlic, minced
2 teaspoons red pepper flakes (optional)
2 teaspoons ground white pepper
1 teaspoon caraway seeds
1 teaspoon dried marjoram
1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon ground allspice
1/4 teaspoon ground ginger
1 hog casing

Directions:
Place pork shoulder, hanger steak, and pork fat on a large plate in the freezer for 30 minutes. Place the meat grinder attachment in the freezer to make grinding easier.
Cut pork shoulder, hanger steak, and pork fat into cubes. Pass through the cold meat grinder fitted with a medium plate.
Combine ground meat mixture with beer, salt, garlic, red pepper flakes, pepper, caraway seeds, marjoram, nutmeg, allspice, and ginger in a large bowl. Mix with your hands until the mixture starts to congeal, 2 to 3 minutes.
Cover mixture with plastic wrap and chill for 1 hour, or up to overnight.
Soak hog casing in cold water for 30 minutes. Place the wide end of a sausage-stuffing funnel up against the kitchen faucet and run cold water through the inside of the casing.
Thread the casing onto the funnel using the medium sausage-stuffing funnel attachment. Pass the pork mixture through the funnel, stopping as it starts to come out the other end. Tie the casing into a knot at the end. Pass remaining meat mixture through the funnel, supporting the sausage with your other hand. Tie the other end of the casing into a knot.
Twist the casing at regular intervals to create individual links, alternating between clockwise and counterclockwise twists.
Poke 2 or 3 small holes in each sausage with a metal skewer to allow air to escape during cooking.
Heat a skillet over medium heat; cook bratwurst, turning occasionally, until cooked all the way through, 10 to 15 minutes.

Submitter: 
Brandon
Description: 
Learn how to make homemade bratwurst sausages with this step-by-step recipe. A German feast awaits!
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
German

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h 40 m
Ready in:
3 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
395 calories
35
g fat
2.3
g carbohydrates
15.9
g protein
69
mg cholesterol
912
mg sodium.
