URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/256906/guacamole-turkey-burger/
Title:
Guacamole Turkey Burger Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4469226.jpg
Ingredients:
8 Ball Park® Hamburger Buns
2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
Burgers:
8 ground turkey breast patties
3 teaspoons garlic granules
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon sweet paprika
1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil
Guacamole:
4 ripe avocados
1/4 cup finely chopped green onion
1/2 lemon, juiced
1/2 lime, juiced
1 teaspoon chili powder
2 tablespoons favorite Mexican salsa
kosher salt to taste
Trimmings: as desired, such as mayo, lettuce, tomato, onion and pickles

Directions:
To make guacamole, sliced avocados in half, lengthwise. Remove the pit and discard. Scoop out the avocado flesh with a spoon into a bowl.
Add juices, chili powder, salsa and salt and mash with a fork until nicely chunky.
Cover with plastic and set aside. (If you want to make the guacamole an hour or so ahead of time, you can keep it fresh in its bowl in the refrigerator by pressing plastic wrap onto the surface of the guacamole so that no air reaches the avocado, which is what makes it turn brown.)
In a bowl, combine garlic, salt, pepper, cumin and paprika until thoroughly blended.
Brush each patty on both sides with olive and sprinkle with the seasoning blend on both sides.
Using a skillet or grill pan, cook patties over medium-high heat, covered, about 5 to 6 minutes per side, until no pink remains. If you're adding cheese, do so for about the last 1 minute of cooking.
Brush each bun on both sides with melted butter and warm in another skillet over medium-high heat for about 15 seconds per side, just until toasty.
Place patties on each bun bottom, top with guacamole and other desired trimmings. Serve with a little salsa on the side.

Submitter: 
Ball Park Buns
Description: 
Lean ground turkey and heart-healthy avocado come together to make eating right delicious. This recipe brings a little Southwestern flavor to the mix, with salsa in the guacamole and a seasoned burger mixture. If you'd like to add cheese, a cheddar-jack or pepper-jack would be perfect. Black bean-corn salad is a great side dish.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
Ball Park Buns

Number of ratings:
21 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.7619047164917
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
404 calories
10
g fat
36.2
g carbohydrates
44.6
g protein
94
mg cholesterol
740
mg sodium.
