URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/256914/barbecued-pulled-pork-with-sweet-sour-slaw/
Title:
Barbecued Pulled Pork with Sweet & Sour Slaw Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4469235.jpg
Ingredients:
8 Ball Park® Hamburger Buns
1 (3 pound) boneless pork butt roast, trimmed and quartered
Pork Rub:
1/2 cup packed light brown sugar
1/2 cup sweet paprika
1 tablespoon garlic granules
1 tablespoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon ground cayenne
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
BBQ Sauce:
2 cups ketchup
1/2 cup brown sugar
3/4 cup apple cider vinegar
2 tablespoons plain mustard
1 tablespoon honey
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
1 teaspoon liquid smoke flavoring
1/4 cup pork rub
Sweet & Sour Slaw:
3/4 cup white balsamic vinegar
2 tablespoons olive oil
2 tablespoons brown sugar
2 teaspoons garlic granules
Kosher salt and ground black pepper, to taste
1 1/2 cups shredded red cabbage
1 1/2 cups shredded carrots
1 cup seeded, peeled, chopped cucumber
1/2 cup finely chopped Italian parsley

Directions:
To make rub, combine all ingredients in a large bowl. Mix well with a fork. Reserve 1/4 cup of the rub to use in the barbecue sauce.
To make sauce, combine all ingredients in a large Mason jar, stirring well. Cover with tight-fitting lid and give it one more good shake. Place in refrigerator overnight.
Place pork rub in a large casserole dish.
Using a fork, pierce the pork several times all over.
Rub the spice blend into the pork, covering all surfaces.
Wrap rubbed pork tightly in plastic and refrigerate 8 hours or overnight.
At cooking time, unwrap the pork and place in a slow-cooker.
Pour 1 cup of the Barbecue Sauce on the pork, covering all surfaces.
Cover and cook until tender, 9 to 11 hours on Low or 5 to 7 hours on High.
Transfer pork to a large, deep, wide casserole dish and cool for 15 to 20 minutes.
Using two large forks, shred the pork into bite-size pieces, discarding excess fat. Cover to keep warm.
Skim any fat from the liquid in the pot. Transfer 2 to 3 tablespoons to a bowl and stir in the remaining barbecue sauce.
Stir well and add more of the braising liquid if you prefer a thinner sauce.
Warm buns in the oven at 400 degrees, turning over once, just until slightly toasty.
Pile pulled pork onto buns, top with some of the Barbecue Sauce and some Tangy Slaw (recipe below) and enjoy.
For the slaw: In a large bowl, whisk together vinegar, oil, brown sugar, garlic, salt and pepper.
Add cabbage, carrots, cucumber and parsley, mixing well.
Allow to sit, loosely covered with plastic, for about 30 minutes.
Toss once before serving, adjusting seasonings, if desired.

Submitter: 
Ball Park Buns
Description: 
This hearty dish is a great make-ahead option (thank you, slow cooker!) for your next family gathering or tailgate party. You can adjust the sweet and spicy flavors as desired. The slaw can be part of the sandwich or served on the side - or both. Pair it with potato salad, baked beans or mac 'n cheese.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
Ball Park Buns

Number of ratings:
8 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
9 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
806 calories
26.5
g fat
114.4
g carbohydrates
35.5
g protein
96
mg cholesterol
1781
mg sodium.
