URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/257089/creamy-creole-shrimp-and-spinach-pasta-/
Title:
Creamy Creole Shrimp and Spinach Pasta  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 (16 ounce) package angel hair pasta
2 tablespoons butter
6 green onions, thinly sliced
3 tablespoons chopped fresh garlic
1 1/2 pounds frozen cooked shrimp, tails removed
1 cup white wine
1 1/2 tablespoons cornstarch
1/2 cup heavy whipping cream
2 teaspoons lime juice
2 teaspoons Creole seasoning
2 teaspoons white sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 (9 ounce) package fresh baby spinach with carrots
1/4 cup chopped fresh basil

Directions:
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook angel hair pasta in the boiling water, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, 4 to 5 minutes. Drain.
Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir green onions and garlic in the butter until softened, about 2 minutes. Add frozen shrimp; cook and stir until thawed, about 5 minutes. Transfer shrimp to a bowl.
Whisk wine and cornstarch together in a small bowl until smooth. Pour over the green onions and garlic in the skillet. Stir in heavy cream, lime juice, Creole seasoning, sugar, salt, and pepper; simmer until mixture thickens, about 3 minutes.
Return shrimp to the skillet. Stir in spinach and basil. Cook and stir until shrimp is heated through and spinach is wilted, about 5 minutes. Serve over angel hair pasta.

Submitter: 
Laurie Fontaine Bennett
Description: 
A favorite restaurant in Hawaii serves a fantastic spicy, creamy, garlicky, shrimp, and spinach pasta. I played around with ingredients and finally arrived at this recipe. Easy preparation, easy to make, and just delicious. My family loves it! Great for a company dish as well.
Categories:
Main Dish
Pasta
Shrimp

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
49 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
750 calories
22
g fat
76.4
g carbohydrates
51.2
g protein
388
mg cholesterol
1540
mg sodium.
