URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/257010/my-mans-cheesy-smoked-meatloaf/
Title:
My Man's Cheesy Smoked Meatloaf Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 pounds lean ground beef
1 red onion, coarsely chopped
3/4 cup Italian-seasoned bread crumbs
2 eggs
1 pinch salt and ground black pepper to taste (optional)
1 (8 ounce) package shredded smoked mozzarella cheese
1 teaspoon vegetable oil, or as needed
4 slices hardwood smoked bacon
1 1/2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, divided
1 1/2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, divided
1 red bell pepper, sliced into strips
1/2 cup sliced fresh mushrooms
1 (8 ounce) package crumbled aged feta cheese

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Mix ground beef, red onion, bread crumbs, eggs, salt, and pepper together in a large bowl. Divide mixture in half. Press half of the mixture in the bottom of a loaf pan.
Run 2 fingers lengthwise down the center of the beef mixture. Fill hollowed space with mozzarella cheese. Mold remaining beef mixture around cheese, pressing down firmly.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook bacon slices until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Arrange bacon slices over beef mixture.
Cook and stir 3/4 teaspoon mustard and 3/4 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce in the bacon grease in the skillet for 1 minute. Add bell pepper; cook until softened, 3 to 4 minutes. Spread bell pepper over bacon.
Place remaining mustard, Worcestershire sauce, and mushrooms in the skillet; cook and stir until soft, about 5 minutes. Spread evenly over bell pepper. Scatter feta cheese over mushrooms.
Cover loaf pan with aluminum foil; place on top of a baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the beef reads at least 160 degrees F (71 degrees C), 60 to 90 minutes.

Submitter: 
NicoleS
Description: 
Had to in some way invent a meatloaf with absolutely no ketchup or tomatoes. My fiance absolutely loves cheese, so I embellished and also took from other recipes here and there.  Trying this, I believe you will love it. It has been a success. Good with red wine and twice-baked potatoes for homecooked TLC.
Categories:
Main Dish
Meatloaf
Pork Meatloaf

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 44 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
486 calories
32
g fat
12.8
g carbohydrates
34.7
g protein
158
mg cholesterol
843
mg sodium.
