URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/257104/moroccan-chicken-tagine/
Title:
Moroccan Chicken Tagine Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/6922320.jpg
Ingredients:
¼ cup ground cinnamon
¼ cup ground cumin
2 tablespoons ground turmeric
2 tablespoons ground coriander
2 tablespoons ground ginger
2 tablespoons crushed dried mint
1 tablespoon salt
2 teaspoons ground black pepper
½ cup chopped dried apricots
¼ cup raisins
¼ cup olive oil, or as needed
4  bone-in chicken thighs
½ small onion, minced
2 teaspoons chopped garlic
1 cup chicken broth
¼ cup honey
½ bunch fresh cilantro, chopped
¼ cup toasted sliced almonds

Directions:
Mix cinnamon, cumin, turmeric, coriander, ginger, mint, salt, and pepper together in a bowl. Measure out 1/2 cup spice mix and set the remaining aside for another use.
Bring a small pot of water to a boil; add apricots and raisins. Cook until fruit is soft, about 5 minutes. Drain, reserving 1/2 cup of cooking water.
Pour enough olive oil into a large skillet or Dutch oven to coat the bottom; turn heat to medium. Coat chicken with the 1/2 cup spice mix and place in the hot oil; cook until golden brown and releases easily from the skillet, 3 to 4 minutes per side.
Mix onion and garlic into skillet with chicken; cook and stir until fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Add apricots, raisins, reserved 1/2 cup water from fruit, chicken broth, and honey; reduce heat to low and cover. Cook until chicken is very tender, 1 1/2 to 2 hours.
Serve chicken garnished with cilantro and almonds.

Submitter: 
Chef Kelly
Description: 
Sweet and savory stewed chicken with dried fruits and exotic spices. Serve this on top of couscous and top with toasted almonds and fresh cilantro. Children love the familiarity of the 'sweet' spices and dried fruits.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
6 Ratings
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
2 hrs 6 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
371 calories
20.4
g fat
35.8
g carbohydrates
15.4
g protein
44
mg cholesterol
1375
mg sodium.
