URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/257267/indoor-chicken-burgers-on-biscuits/
Title:
Indoor Chicken Burgers on Biscuits Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/4486531.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound ground chicken
¾ cup bread crumbs
1  egg
3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce
1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon kosher salt
2 tablespoons olive oil
½ cup sliced onions
2 ¼ cups all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon baking soda
1 tablespoon white sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives (optional)
½ cup vegetable shortening
1 cup low-fat milk
1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese

Directions:
Combine ground chicken, bread crumbs, egg, Worcestershire sauce, parsley, garlic powder, and kosher salt in a bowl using your hands; shape into 5 patties about 3 inches across and 1 inch thick.
Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat. Cook patties in the hot oil until browned, about 5 minutes. Flip patties and add onions to the skillet. Cook until patties are browned on the second side and onions are tender, about 5 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the patties should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Mix flour, baking soda, white sugar, and salt together in a bowl; fold in chives. Cut shortening into flour mixture until crumbly. Gradually pour milk into mixture while stirring with a wooden spoon until dough starts to pull away from the sides of the bowl.
Turn dough onto a floured surface and knead for 2 minutes; flatten into 1 inch thickness. Use a round cookie cutter or juice glass to cut into individual biscuits, pushing straight down and pulling straight up to maintain fluffiness while baking. Arrange biscuits on a baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until lightly browned, about 13 minutes.
Slice biscuits open and place a burger on the bottom half of each biscuit; top with onion and mozzarella cheese. Place top half of the biscuit on top of the mozzarella cheese to create a sandwich.

Submitter: 
mommymeggy
Description: 
Delicious alternative to beef and buns without having to light up the grill.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
48 mins
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
732 calories
35.8
g fat
63.9
g carbohydrates
36.9
g protein
111
mg cholesterol
1997
mg sodium.
