URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/257290/kartoffelsuppe-nach-bayrischer-art-bavarian-potato-soup/
Title:
Kartoffelsuppe nach Bayrischer Art (Bavarian Potato Soup) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4481620.jpg
Ingredients:
2 links pork sausage
3 tablespoons vegetable oil, or to taste
4 pounds potatoes, peeled and cubed
4 carrots, cubed
2 onions, finely chopped
1 leek, trimmed and cubed
3 scallions, chopped
3 cloves garlic, chopped
1 cube vegetable bouillon
6 cups hot water
1 teaspoon salt, or to taste
1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, or to taste
1 pinch dried marjoram, or to taste
1 pinch sweet paprika, or to taste
1 pinch ground nutmeg, or to taste
1 bunch fresh parsley, chopped
1 bunch fresh chives, chopped
1/4 cup sour cream (optional)

Directions:
Place sausages in a small pot and cover with water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until no longer pink in the center, 10 to 15 minutes. Drain. Cut into slices.
Heat oil in a large pot over medium heat. Cook potatoes in the hot oil, stirring often, until they start to crisp on the edges, about 8 minutes. Stir in carrots, onions, leek, scallions, and garlic.
Dissolve vegetable bouillon in hot water; pour into the pot. Season soup with salt, black pepper, marjoram, paprika, and nutmeg. Bring to a boil; reduce the heat and cook, covered, until carrots are tender, about 30 minutes.
Stir sausage slices, parsley, and chives into the soup. Simmer until flavors combine, about 5 minutes. Stir in sour cream just before serving.

Submitter: 
Marianne
Description: 
Packed with vegetables and sausages, this classic Bavarian-style potato soup is more of a main dish than a starter. In Germany the sausage of choice would be Regensburg sausage, a short and stubby parboiled pork sausage. It can be substituted with other boiling sausages made of pork.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Vegetable Soup
Potato Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.75
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 h 48 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
394 calories
11.1
g fat
65.8
g carbohydrates
10.9
g protein
12
mg cholesterol
524
mg sodium.
