URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/257289/omas-griessnockerlsuppe-beef-and-semolina-dumpling-soup/
Title:
Oma's Griessnockerlsuppe (Beef and Semolina Dumpling Soup) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4539096.jpg
Ingredients:
Beef Stock:
1 1/2 pounds beef bones
1 pound beef shank (beef shin meat)
2 quarts cold water
1 large onion, peeled and halved
1/4 teaspoon black peppercorns
1 bay leaf
salt to taste
1 parsnip, peeled and quartered
1 turnip, peeled and sliced
1 leek, trimmed and chopped
1 carrot, peeled and sliced
1 stalk celery, trimmed and sliced
freshly ground black pepper
Dumplings:
1/2 cup milk
5 1/2 tablespoons butter, softened
3/4 cup semolina flour
2 eggs
salt to taste
1 pinch ground nutmeg

Directions:
Place beef bones and beef shank in a large pot; add cold water, onion, peppercorns, bay leaf, and salt. Bring to a boil; cook, skimming foam from the top, for 30 minutes. Reduce heat and simmer stock for 1 hour.
Stir parsnip, turnip, leek, carrot, and celery into the stock; cook for 1 hour more. Strain stock through a fine-mesh sieve and return to the pot; season with salt and ground black pepper. Cool to room temperature and refrigerate, 8 hours to overnight. Remove the fat from the top of the stock.
Bring stock to a boil; reduce heat to low, cover pot, and simmer.
Heat milk in a small saucepan over medium heat; add butter and cook until butter is melted, about 5 minutes. Gradually stir semolina into milk mixture with a wooden spoon until mixture is smooth. Lightly beat eggs in a bowl and stir into semolina mixture until very smooth; season with salt and nutmeg. Remove from heat and let stand in a cool place for 30 minutes.
Shape semolina mixture into small dumplings using 2 spoons or wet hands. Drop dumplings into the simmering stock and cook until tender, about 15 minutes.

Submitter: 
nadia
Description: 
There is nothing better than a semolina dumpling soup made from beef stock. This is a German dish called Griessnockerlsuppe. Semolina dumplings are suitable for freezing, as is the stock. The boiled beef can be used for other dishes, such as marinated beef salad.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
12 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
198 calories
13.3
g fat
9.4
g carbohydrates
10.6
g protein
89
mg cholesterol
166
mg sodium.
