URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/257226/simple-onigiri-japanese-rice-balls/
Title:
Simple Onigiri (Japanese Rice Balls) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 cups uncooked short-grain white rice
2 1/2 cups water
2 tablespoons sesame seeds
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoons soy sauce (optional)
1 cup water
1 tablespoon salt
1 (1 ounce) package nori seaweed sheets (optional)
1 (7 ounce) can tuna, drained

Directions:
Wash rice in a sieve until the water runs clear.
Combine rice, 2 1/2 cups water, sesame seeds, and 1 teaspoon salt in a large nonstick pot over medium heat; bring to a boil. Cover and cook until water is absorbed and rice is soft and sticky, about 15 minutes. Stir in soy sauce.
Mix 1 cup water and 1 tablespoon salt in a small bowl until salt is dissolved.
Place a 12-inch piece of plastic wrap in a small teacup, molding the plastic to fit the cup and letting the ends hang over the edges. Moisten plastic wrap with some of the salted water.
Place a 2x5-inch strip of nori seaweed halfway into the cup. Scoop some rice into the cup, leaving a 1/2-inch gap at the top. Make a small indent in the rice with a spoon; add a spoonful of tuna. Cover tuna with a spoonful of rice and fold over the exposed end of the seaweed strip.
Gather the ends of the plastic wrap tightly and remove the rice ball from the cup. Shape and compress the ball tightly with your hands. Transfer to a large plate. Repeat with remaining nori seaweed, rice, and tuna. Refrigerate onigiri until firm, 8 hours to overnight.

Submitter: 
JesseV
Description: 
An easy, filling snack that is versatile and easily customized. Using plastic wrap saves your hands from handling extremely hot rice, and cuts down on the mess considerably.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Wraps and Rolls

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
8 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
298 calories
2.1
g fat
54.1
g carbohydrates
13.8
g protein
10
mg cholesterol
1875
mg sodium.
