URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/257307/thai-chicken-stir-fry-/
Title:
Thai Chicken Stir-Fry  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 cups chicken broth
2 tablespoons minced fresh ginger, divided
1 tablespoon coarsely chopped cilantro stems
1 clove garlic, crushed
2 whole star anise pods
1 1/2 cups water
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup jasmine rice
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken thighs, thinly sliced
1 teaspoon Thai red curry paste
1 tablespoon peanut oil
3 Thai bird chiles, minced
1 tablespoon minced shallot
1 clove garlic, minced
4 heads baby bok choy, chopped
4 shiitake mushrooms, sliced
1 teaspoon cornstarch
1 tablespoon fish sauce
1 teaspoon soy sauce
1/2 teaspoon brown sugar
1 lime
1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro
6 leaves Thai basil, chopped

Directions:
Combine chicken broth, 1 tablespoon ginger, cilantro stems, crushed garlic, and star anise pods in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil; reduce heat to simmer.
Combine water and salt in a saucepan; bring to a boil. Stir in jasmine rice. Reduce heat to low and cover; cook until rice absorbs the water, about 15 minutes.
Mix chicken thighs with curry paste.
Heat peanut oil in a wok or large skillet until shimmering. Add remaining 1 tablespoon ginger, chiles, shallot, and minced garlic; cook and stir until beginning to color and soften, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in chicken and cook until no longer pink, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in bok choy and shiitake mushrooms; cook for 3 to 4 minutes.
Ladle 1 cup chicken broth mixture into a bowl; whisk in cornstarch.
Pour chicken broth-cornstarch mixture into the wok. Stir in fish sauce, soy sauce, and brown sugar. Reduce heat to low and simmer until sauce thickens, 1 to 2 minutes. Thin sauce with more chicken broth if it appears too thick. Squeeze lime juice into the sauce.
Serve chicken over rice, garnished with cilantro and Thai basil.

Submitter: 
Tastyeatsathome
Description: 
Stir-fried chicken thighs and vegetables with delicious Southeast Asian flavors, served on top of steamed jasmine rice.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
1 h 9 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
472 calories
16.6
g fat
55
g carbohydrates
29.8
g protein
66
mg cholesterol
1503
mg sodium.
