URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/257369/tofu-nuggets-with-maple-mustard-dipping-sauce/
Title:
Tofu Nuggets with Maple-Mustard Dipping Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F4506569.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (14 ounce) package extra-firm tofu
3 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce
¾ cup dry fine whole-wheat bread crumbs
2 teaspoons onion powder
1 teaspoon garlic powder
½ teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled
olive oil cooking spray
½ cup smooth Dijon mustard
¼ cup pure maple syrup
2 tablespoons canola oil

Directions:
Hold tofu over the sink and gently squeeze out moisture. Blot surface dry with a paper towel (do not press). Slice tofu crosswise into 6 rectangular slabs. Slice slabs in half to create 12 squares, then cut squares in half diagonally to create 24 triangles.
Pour soy sauce on a plate. Mix together bread crumbs, onion powder, garlic powders, and thyme on a second plate. Set out a third plate. Dip each tofu piece in soy sauce, turning to coat; dredge in bread-crumb mixture, sprinkling tops with mixture and turning to coat. Set coated tofu on third plate.
Spray a large cast-iron or nonstick skillet with cooking spray and heat over medium-low heat. Working in batches of about 8 pieces, cook tofu, flipping with a thin spatula and spraying skillet between batches, until crisp and browned on most sides, about 5 minutes per batch.
For the dipping sauce, stir mustard, syrup, and oil together with a fork in a small bowl until smooth. If too thick, stir in warm water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until pourable.

Submitter: 
isachandra
Description: 
Extra-firm tofu and breading give these nuggets the texture of real chicken, and the sauce is just a yummy bonus.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
3 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.33
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
30 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
303 calories
13.8
g fat
34.4
g carbohydrates
12.8
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
1279
mg sodium.
