URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/257488/strawberry-champagne-cupcakes/
Title:
Strawberry Champagne Cupcakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, sifted
1/4 cup instant vanilla pudding mix
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon kosher salt
1/2 cup frozen unsweetened strawberries, thawed
1/4 cup whole milk, at room temperature
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 cup white sugar
1/2 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature
2 egg whites, at room temperature
1 egg, at room temperature
1/4 cup Champagne
1/2 teaspoon red food coloring

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line 18 muffin cups with paper liners.
Whisk flour, vanilla pudding mix, baking powder, baking soda, and salt together in a bowl.
Puree strawberries in a blender or food processor. Measure 1/4 cup puree into a bowl. Mix in milk and vanilla extract.
Combine sugar and butter in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Beat on medium-high speed until light and fluffy. Reduce speed to medium; beat in egg whites and whole egg until batter is just blended.
Mix half of the flour mixture into the batter on low speed. Add milk mixture, Champagne, and food coloring; beat just until blended. Beat in remaining flour mixture until batter is just combined. Scrape down the sides of the bowl with a spatula to make sure batter is smooth.
Divide batter among lined muffin cups.
Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 21 minutes. Cool for 5 minutes; transfer to a wire rack to cool completely, about 20 minutes.

Submitter: 
IhaveAsweetooth
Description: 
This is not for the faint of heart. This is truly sweet... but a wonderful marriage of strawberries and wine. Such a sophisticated cupcake. Top each cupcake with strawberry frosting and sliced strawberries. Serve in individual Champagne glasses and give as individual gifts or giveaways. Delicious!
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Strawberry Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h 11 m
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
151 calories
5.6
g fat
22.9
g carbohydrates
2
g protein
24
mg cholesterol
146
mg sodium.
