URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/257422/holige-flatbread-with-sweet-raisin-filling/
Title:
Holige (Flatbread with Sweet Raisin Filling) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Dough:
1 cup fine semolina flour
3/4 cup whole wheat flour
1/4 teaspoon ground turmeric
1/8 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided
3/4 cup water, or as needed
Filling:
3/4 cup raisins
5 dates, pitted
1/2 cup white sugar
1/2 cup shredded coconut
2 tablespoons mixed nuts (cashews, almonds, walnuts)
1 tablespoon poppy seeds, toasted
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground cardamom, or more to taste
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg (optional)
1/4 cup whole wheat flour
1/4 cup ghee (clarified butter)

Directions:
Combine semolina flour, 3/4 cup whole wheat flour, turmeric, and salt in a large bowl. Mix in 2 tablespoons vegetable oil. Stir in enough water to form a soft dough.
Brush remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil over dough. Cover dough with a damp cloth or paper towel and let rest, 2 to 3 hours.
Process raisins and dates into a paste in a food processor or high-powdered blender. Add sugar, coconut, mixed nuts, poppy seeds, cardamom, and nutmeg; blend until thoroughly combined.
Roll raisin and date mixture into golfball-sized balls.
Roll dough into 1-inch balls. Sprinkle 1/4 cup whole wheat flour over a flat work surface. Roll 1 ball of dough out into a thin circle; place 1 raisin and date ball in the center. Wrap dough around the ball and pinch to seal. Roll back out into a circle. Repeat with remaining dough and raisin and date balls.
Melt 1 teaspoon of ghee in a large skillet. Cook dough until brown spots appear, about 2 minutes. Add 1 teaspoon ghee to the top of the dough and flip. Cook until brown spots appear on the second side, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a serving plate. Repeat with remaining dough.

Submitter: 
Ashwini
Description: 
Authentic holige is a dessert made in Karnataka, South India, during festivals and special occasions. This delicacy is traditionally made with a dough filled with either bele hoorna (dal stuffing) or kobbari hoorna (coconut stuffing). I tried and tested this raisin (drakshi hoorna) holige recipe and it was a big hit during a recent festival celebration at home. It tastes heavenly with a side of almond-flavored milk (badam milk).
Categories:
Bread
Quick Bread

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 34 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
239 calories
12.1
g fat
33.4
g carbohydrates
2.8
g protein
11
mg cholesterol
45
mg sodium.
