URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/257470/spaghetti-and-meatball-hand-pies/
Title:
Spaghetti and Meatball Hand Pies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4489179.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (16 ounce) box Barilla® Spaghetti
1 (24 ounce) jar Barilla Marinara Sauce
1 (16 ounce) package 1-inch frozen Italian meatballs
1 (15 ounce) package pastry for a 9 inch double crust pie
1 egg
1 tablespoon milk

Directions:
Place meatballs and pasta sauce in a saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium-high heat; reduce heat. Simmer 40 minutes.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook spaghetti in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until tender yet firm to the bite, about 12 minutes. Drain.
Transfer drained spaghetti to saucepan with meatballs and sauce; stir to combine.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Place pie crusts on lightly floured work surface. Use a 5-1/2-inch circular cookie cutter and cut out as many dough circles as you can. Divide circles in half; roll out half so they are just slightly larger than the others.
Arrange the smaller dough circles on a work surface. Top with a small pile of spaghetti and sauce with 1 meatball in the center. Leave an empty border around the edges for crimping.
Place a second larger dough circle onto the first. Press this circle over the top of the meatball, with the edges reaching past the spaghetti. Fold the sides of the bottom circle over the top piece of dough. Pinch the fold firmly to seal into place.
Whisk egg and milk together to make an egg wash. Brush over top and sides of each hand pie with the egg wash. Place onto a parchment-covered baking sheet.
Bake in preheated oven until pies are golden brown and filling is piping hot, 25 to 30 minutes.

Submitter: 
Diana71
Description: 
These savory little hand pies are so easy to put together. They are a super way to serve spaghetti and meatballs, and are formed by placing a swirl of spaghetti and one meatball onto a circular piece of pastry-style dough, and topping with another piece of slightly larger dough, and crimping the edges closed. Your kids will love these, and if you serve them at a tailgate party, expect them to be gone first!
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
Barilla

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
641 calories
27.5
g fat
76.7
g carbohydrates
21.8
g protein
71
mg cholesterol
652
mg sodium.
