URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/257456/asparagus-and-smoked-salmon-bundles-with-meyer-lemon-sauce/
Title:
Asparagus and Smoked Salmon Bundles with Meyer Lemon Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
3 quarts water
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 teaspoon salt
cooking spray
8 lasagna noodles
32 spears fresh asparagus, trimmed
8 extra-long chives
1 (8 ounce) container mascarpone cheese
3 tablespoons sour cream
1 tablespoon Dijon mustard
3 tablespoons finely chopped red onion
2 tablespoons tiny capers
2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill
1 teaspoon caper brine
1 teaspoon ground white pepper
1/2 teaspoon lemon zest
8 slices smoked salmon
Meyer Lemon Sauce:
1/2 cup freshly squeezed Meyer lemon juice
3 tablespoons butter
2 tablespoons grated onion
2 tablespoons packed brown sugar
1 teaspoon dry mustard
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/4 teaspoon ground paprika

Directions:
Combine water, olive oil, and 1 teaspoon salt in a large pot; bring to a boil. Cook lasagna noodles in the boiling water until tender yet still firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Drain and rinse with cold water.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease an 8x12-inch baking dish with cooking spray.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add asparagus and cook uncovered until bright green, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a colander and rinse with cold water. Add chives to the boiling water; cook for 1 minute. Transfer to the colander and rinse with cold water.
Mix mascarpone cheese, sour cream, and Dijon mustard together in a bowl. Fold in chopped onion, capers, dill, caper brine, white pepper, and lemon zest.
Place lasagna noodles on a flat work surface. Spread 1 spoonful of mascarpone mixture down the middle of each noodle. Cover mascarpone mixture with salmon slices. Arrange 4 spears of asparagus perpendicularly over salmon. Gather up sides of the noodles to form bundles around the asparagus; tie up with chives. Transfer bundles to the prepared baking dish.
Combine Meyer lemon juice, butter, grated onion, brown sugar, dry mustard, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and black pepper in a small saucepan. Cook and stir over medium heat until sauce is smooth, 3 to 5 minutes. Pour sauce over bundles.
Bake bundles in the preheated oven until heated through, about 20 minutes. Sprinkle paprika on top before serving.

Submitter: 
SWEETEC
Description: 
This is a delicious and beautiful dish. It is a great dish for company because you can prepare ahead of time. The dish is very showy and impressive.
Categories:
Seafood
Fish
Salmon
Smoked

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
342 calories
22.2
g fat
26.4
g carbohydrates
12.3
g protein
55
mg cholesterol
830
mg sodium.
