URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/257570/summertime-dessert-lasagna/
Title:
Summertime Dessert Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
8 kiwis, peeled
3/4 cup white sugar, divided
4 cups hulled fresh strawberries
4 cups fresh blackberries
1 (14.4 ounce) package graham crackers (such as Honey Maid®)
2 cups ricotta cheese
1 (16 ounce) container cream cheese frosting (such as Duncan Hines®)
3 (3.5 ounce) containers banana cream pudding (such as Snack Pack®)
1/2 cup whipped cream (optional)
1/2 cup toasted sliced almonds (optional)

Directions:
Combine 4 kiwis and 2 tablespoons sugar in a food processor; puree until smooth. Transfer puree to a bowl. Rinse the food processor bowl.
Combine 2 cups strawberries and 2 tablespoons sugar in the food processor; puree until smooth. Strain puree into a bowl. Rinse the food processor bowl.
Combine 2 cups blackberries and 2 tablespoons sugar in the food processor; puree until smooth. Strain puree into a bowl.
Cut remaining kiwis into 1/4-inch slices. Cut remaining strawberries into 1/8-inch slices. Cut remaining blackberries in half.
Place 4 graham crackers in a resealable plastic bag; seal. Crush with a rolling pin.
Mix remaining sugar, ricotta cheese, cream cheese frosting, and banana cream pudding together in a bowl.
Cover the bottom of a 9x13-inch glass pan with whole graham crackers. Spread 1/3 of the ricotta cheese mixture evenly on top. Cover with kiwi puree and kiwi slices. Lay more whole graham crackers on top. Spread 1/2 of the remaining ricotta cheese mixture over crackers. Cover with strawberry puree and strawberry slices. Repeat layers with blackberry puree and halved blackberries.
Spread whipped cream over blackberries. Garnish with crushed graham crackers and toasted almonds. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate until flavors combine, 5 hours to overnight.

Submitter: 
Kari Chappell
Description: 
Delicious lasagna made with graham crackers, banana pudding, cream cheese frosting, and fresh fruit layers. The whole family will love this treat on a hot summer day. Great for get-togethers as well.
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Strawberry Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
6 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
368 calories
12.4
g fat
62.5
g carbohydrates
4.1
g protein
1
mg cholesterol
263
mg sodium.
