URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/257501/persian-lentil-stew/
Title:
Persian Lentil Stew Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6837310.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups dried lentils
1 tablespoon butter, or to taste
2 carrots, finely chopped
3 stalks celery, finely chopped
1 yellow onion, finely chopped
3 cloves garlic, minced
2 tablespoons ground paprika
2 tablespoons ground turmeric
1 tablespoon kosher salt
2 teaspoons red pepper flakes
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
freshly ground black pepper to taste
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 quart beef broth
1 cup boiling water, or as needed
2 cups chopped spinach
2 limes, juiced
2 tablespoons chopped green onions
2 cubes beef bouillon
1/2 cup plain nonfat yogurt, or to taste
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, or to taste

Directions:
Place lentils in a large container and cover with several inches of cool water; let soak for 10 to 15 minutes. Drain.
Melt butter in a Dutch oven over medium heat. Add carrots, celery, onion, and garlic; cook and stir until lightly golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in paprika, turmeric, salt, red pepper flakes, cinnamon, and pepper. Add lentils and olive oil; cook and stir until lentils are coated with oil, 1 to 2 minutes.
Pour beef broth into the Dutch oven; bring to a boil. Simmer, adding boiling water as lentils absorb the broth to maintain a stew consistency, about 20 minutes. Stir in spinach, lime juice, green onions, and beef bouillon cubes. Continue simmering until lentils are soft, about 1 hour.
Serve stew topped with spoonfuls of yogurt and fresh parsley.

Submitter: 
Persian Spice Elevator
Description: 
My mom's lentil stew always comforted me as a child so this is a recipe close to my heart. Earlier this week my husband told me he was craving it so I made my own version of the soup. I tweaked the recipe by adding some herbs and spices not traditionally used in this dish (paprika, red pepper flakes, and red onion). This stew is great for a winter evening or in the summertime served with some tangy yogurt. Enjoy!
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Beans and Peas
Lentil Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
2 h 21 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
268 calories
6.3
g fat
39.2
g carbohydrates
16.1
g protein
4
mg cholesterol
1386
mg sodium.
