URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/257618/chicken-quinoa-soup/
Title:
Chicken Quinoa Soup Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F4558410.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cups water
1 cup quinoa
2 teaspoons olive oil, divided
5  skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cubed
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1  yellow onion, chopped
1 cup chopped carrots
1 cup chopped celery
½ cup chopped red bell pepper
½ cup chopped yellow bell pepper
2 tablespoons chopped garlic
8 cups chicken broth
2 cups chopped spinach leaves
½ teaspoon dried marjoram
½ teaspoon dried oregano
½ teaspoon dried basil
½ teaspoon crushed bay leaf
⅓ cup cornstarch
¼ cup cold water

Directions:
Bring 3 cups water and quinoa to a boil in a saucepan. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until quinoa is tender, 15 to 20 minutes.
Heat 1 teaspoon olive oil in a Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add chicken; season with salt and pepper. Cook and stir until chicken is no longer pink in the center, about 5 minutes. Transfer chicken to a plate.
Heat remaining 1 teaspoon olive oil in the Dutch oven over medium heat. Add onion, carrots, celery, red bell pepper, yellow bell pepper, and garlic; cook and stir until soft, about 10 minutes.
Pour chicken broth into the Dutch oven. Add spinach leaves, marjoram, oregano, basil, and bay leaf. Bring to a boil; reduce heat and simmer until flavors combine, about 10 minutes. Stir in cooked quinoa. Return chicken to the Dutch oven; cook until heated through, about 2 minutes.
Dissolve cornstarch in 1/4 cup cold water in a small bowl. Pour slowly into the Dutch oven; cook, stirring occasionally, until soup thickens, about 1 minute.

Submitter: 
riversiderunner
Description: 
Quinoa is a tasty, protein-filled grain that makes a great addition to chicken soup! Add some carrots, celery, spinach, onions and bell peppers for amazing color and flavor. My husband loves this with multigrain crackers, but I think it's great as-is!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
40 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 33 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
214 calories
4.1
g fat
25.6
g carbohydrates
18.1
g protein
37
mg cholesterol
90
mg sodium.
