URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/257643/gluten-free-radicchio-and-caramelized-onion-flatbread/
Title:
Gluten-Free Radicchio and Caramelized Onion Flatbread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Gluten-Free Crust:
3 cups gluten-free all-purpose baking flour (such as Bob's Red Mill®)
2 teaspoons coarse kosher salt, divided
1 teaspoon instant dry yeast
1 cup water, or more as needed
2 tablespoons olive oil
Toppings:
2 teaspoons olive oil, or more to taste
1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar, or more to taste
1 small red onion, thinly sliced
4 cloves garlic, minced, or more to taste
1 large Fuji apple, chopped
3 heads radicchio, shredded, or more to taste
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley, or to taste
2 teaspoons honey, or more to taste

Directions:
Combine flour, kosher salt, and yeast in a food processor. Pour in water and olive oil, with the food processor running, until the mixture forms a sticky ball of dough. Add more water if needed.
Turn dough onto a floured surface and knead until it forms a smooth, round ball, about 10 seconds. Place dough in a greased bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm, draft-free area until it doubles in size, 1 to 2 hours.
Heat 1 teaspoon olive oil and balsamic vinegar in a skillet over medium heat; cook and stir onion and garlic until softened and slightly browned, 5 to 8 minutes. Add apples; cook and stir until slightly softened, 2 to 3 minutes.
Toss radicchio with remaining 1 teaspoon olive oil, salt, and pepper together in a large bowl.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Spread dough onto a pizza stone or greased baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until pale, 5 to 7 minutes. Spread a thin layer of onion mixture onto crust and top with radicchio. Bake in the oven for 5 minutes more. Turn on the oven's broiler and broil until edges begin to brown, 1 to 2 minutes.
Remove flatbread from oven and garnish with parsley. Top with a drizzle of honey.

Submitter: 
happyolks
Description: 
Intensely tasty gluten-free radicchio and caramelized onion flat bread with fresh parsley and honey.
Categories:
Bread
Yeast Bread
Flat Bread

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
1 h 58 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
255 calories
6.6
g fat
47.7
g carbohydrates
6.7
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
519
mg sodium.
