URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/257611/cauliflower-chicken-fried-rice/?src=VD_Summary
Title:
Cauliflower Chicken Fried Rice Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
¾ pound skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into small cubes
6 tablespoons soy sauce, divided
1 tablespoon brown sugar
2 teaspoons sesame oil, divided
1 teaspoon cornstarch
3 tablespoons vegetable oil
5  scallions, chopped, light and dark green parts separated
4  garlic cloves, minced
1 (1 1/2 inch) piece fresh ginger, grated
2 pounds cauliflower rice
1 teaspoon kosher salt, divided
1 ½ cups frozen peas and carrots
2  eggs, beaten
½ cup finely diced fresh pineapple
¼ cup chopped peanuts (optional)
1 tablespoon rice vinegar

Directions:
Stir chicken, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, brown sugar, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, and cornstarch together in a large bowl.
Heat a wok or large saucepan over high heat. Swirl in 1 tablespoon vegetable oil. Spread chicken mixture in a single layer over the surface of the wok; cook for 1 minute. Flip and toss chicken. Spread out again; cook and stir for 2 minutes more. Transfer chicken to a plate.
Heat remaining 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in the wok over medium heat. Add light green part of the scallions, garlic, and ginger; cook and stir until fragrant and softened, 1 to 2 minutes.
Stir 4 tablespoons soy sauce, cauliflower rice, and 1/2 teaspoon salt into the wok. Cook until cauliflower starts to crisp, about 3 minutes. Stir peas and carrots into the wok. Cook, stirring occasionally, until warmed through, about 5 minutes.
Make a well in the center of the wok; pour in beaten eggs. Stir eggs with a spatula until scrambled, about 2 minutes. Stir in chicken, remaining 1 tablespoon soy sauce, remaining 1 teaspoon sesame oil, dark green parts of the scallions, pineapple, peanuts, and rice vinegar.

Submitter: 
Julie Hubert
Description: 
This is comfort food at its best, but so healthy and light compared to its rice-based counterpart. When making this recipe, make sure you have all the ingredients chopped, prepped, and ready as the final stir-fry comes together in 10 minutes!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
13 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.69
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
44 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
389 calories
21.3
g fat
25
g carbohydrates
28.5
g protein
137
mg cholesterol
1977
mg sodium.
