URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/257635/egg-yolk-pasta-uova-da-raviolo-with-cilantro-pesto/
Title:
Egg Yolk Pasta (Uova da Raviolo) with Cilantro Pesto Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Cilantro Pesto:
2 cups chopped fresh cilantro leaves and soft stems
2 cloves garlic, minced
2 tablespoons olive oil
2 tablespoons toasted almonds
1 1/2 tablespoons plain non-fat yogurt
1 1/2 teaspoons lemon juice
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
Pasta:
3 cups all-purpose flour
1 cup whole wheat flour, or as needed
4 eggs
1/2 teaspoon olive oil
Filling:
1 cup light ricotta cheese
1/3 cup Parmesan cheese
4 egg yolks
1 egg white
2 teaspoons water

Directions:
Place cilantro leaves, garlic, 2 tablespoons olive oil, toasted almonds, yogurt, lemon juice, salt, and pepper into a food processor. Pulse until mixture becomes a paste-like pesto, 6 or 7 pulses.
Mix all-purpose flour and whole wheat flour together in a bowl. Mound flour on a work surface such as a large wooden cutting board. Create a well in the center of the flour; add 4 eggs and 1/2 teaspoon olive oil into the middle of the well. Beat the eggs and olive oil and gradually begin incorporating the flour a little at a time using a fork, lifting flour up from the sides until most of the flour is incorporated into the eggs. Shape into a ball. Knead dough until it is elastic, 5 to 10 minutes, adding additional flour if it is too sticky.
Roll dough out into a large rectangle about 1/16 inch thick. Cut into 8 6x6-inch squares.
Mix ricotta cheese and Parmesan cheeses together in a small mixing bowl. Transfer to a piping bag or plastic bag (cut a small piece off a corner of the bag). Pipe a small circle of cheese mixture large enough to hold an egg yolk in the middle of 4 of the dough squares. Place an egg yolk in the center of each circle.
Mix 1 egg white and 2 teaspoons water together in a small bowl. Brush egg wash on edges of the pasta squares outside the egg yolk circle. Carefully place remaining 4 pasta squares on the egg yolks. Gently seal edges and try to eliminate any air pockets. Use a 6-inch round cookie cutter to remove the corners of the squares. Press edges of ravioli with tines of a fork to strengthen the seal.
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil; reduce heat to medium-high so water is just simmering. Carefully transfer ravioli to water; gently stir. Cook until pasta is tender, about 3 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and place on 4 warm serving plates. Serve topped with a spoonful of pesto.

Submitter: 
Cris
Description: 
My grandmother used to make this and I remember loving it when I'd cut into the pasta and the egg would pour out. She didn't use whole wheat flour in her pasta dough recipe and she would serve it with sautéed bacon and spinach. My kids and I prefer the pesto.
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
Italian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
48 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
694 calories
21.8
g fat
97.2
g carbohydrates
27.7
g protein
397
mg cholesterol
358
mg sodium.
