URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/257642/radicchio-and-butter-lettuce-salad-with-blueberries-and-kale-chips/
Title:
Radicchio and Butter Lettuce Salad with Blueberries and Kale Chips Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 leaves kale, stemmed and torn into pieces
2 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided
1 pinch seasoned salt
1 egg
3 slices bacon
1 1/2 cups chopped radicchio
1 1/2 cups chopped butter lettuce
1/2 avocado, cubed
1/4 cup thinly sliced red onion
1 large Roma tomato, sliced
2 radishes, sliced
2 tablespoons sliced fresh oyster mushrooms
1/4 cup fresh blueberries
1 1/2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar
sea salt to taste
1 pinch lemon pepper

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Spread kale on a baking sheet. Drizzle 1 tablespoon olive oil over kale; season with seasoned salt.
Bake in the preheated oven until edges are browned, 10 to 15 minutes. Place kale chips on paper towels to drain excess oil.
Place egg in a saucepan and cover with water. Bring to a boil; cook for 5 minutes. Remove from heat. Cool under running water. Peel off shell and slice egg.
Place bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain bacon slices on paper towels. Place bacon slices on paper towels to drain excess oil. Crumble.
Toss radicchio, butter lettuce, avocado, red onion, tomato, radishes, and mushrooms together in a large bowl. Add egg slices, bacon crumbles, and blueberries; toss again. Add remaining 1 1/2 tablespoon olive oil, balsamic vinegar, salt, and lemon pepper; toss one more time. Scatter kale chips on top.

Submitter: 
Daniele
Description: 
I came up with this salad trying to get as many veggies in at the end of a day as possible while adding some crunch and protein, because I had not had any all that day. So I ended up taking a bunch of things I liked and mixing them up with my favorite dressing: olive oil and vinegar with salt and pepper to taste. I think it turned out great! I liked it so much I ate the whole bowl! I hope you'll try it and see what you think.
Categories:
Salad
Green Salads
Kale Salad

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
403 calories
32.9
g fat
18
g carbohydrates
11.9
g protein
108
mg cholesterol
777
mg sodium.
