URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/257759/creamy-chicken-and-mushroom-tart-with-nabiscor-chicken-in-a-biscuit-cracker-crust/
Title:
Creamy Chicken and Mushroom Tart with Nabisco® Chicken in a Biscuit Cracker Crust Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Crust:
1 3/4 cups crushed chicken-flavored crackers (such as Nabisco® Chicken in a Biscuit)
6 tablespoons melted butter
1 egg white, beaten
Filling:
3/4 pound boneless chicken breast, cut into small pieces
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 tablespoon olive oil
2 tablespoons butter
1/2 cup chopped shallot
6 ounces cremini mushrooms, thinly sliced
1 tablespoon minced garlic
2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary
1 cup heavy whipping cream
2 eggs
6 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese, divided
1/4 cup finely chopped Italian parsley, divided
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Mix crushed crackers and melted butter together in a bowl; press into the bottom and up the sides of a 9-inch springform pan.
Bake in the preheated oven for 10 minutes. Remove crust from oven and brush egg white onto the crust, to seal. Bake 4 minutes more. Remove from oven and cool to room temperature.
Season chicken with salt and pepper.
Heat olive oil in a heavy large skillet over medium heat; cook and stir chicken just until brown, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer chicken to a plate.
Reduce heat under skillet to medium-low; add 2 tablespoons butter. Cook and stir shallot in the hot butter until beginning to soften, about 2 minutes. Add mushrooms, garlic, rosemary, and 1 pinch salt; cook and stir until mushrooms are tender and juices evaporate, about 8 minutes.
Whisk cream, eggs, 1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons parsley, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper together in a bowl.
Place baked crust on a baking sheet; top with chicken and mushrooms. Pour egg mixture over top. Sprinkle remaining 2 tablespoons Parmesan cheese over the top.
Bake in the preheated oven until top is lightly golden and middle is set, 30 to 35 minutes. Let tart rest for 10 minutes. Remove outer ring. Top tart with 2 tablespoons remaining parsley.

Submitter: 
Julie Hubert
Description: 
Chicken and mushrooms are baked in a creamy egg filling in a crust made with Nabisco® Chicken in a Biscuit crackers in this decadent tart recipe.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Eggs

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 28 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
454 calories
35.1
g fat
18.3
g carbohydrates
16
g protein
145
mg cholesterol
598
mg sodium.
