URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/257768/dragon-roll/
Title:
Dragon Roll Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
3/4 cup Japanese sushi-style rice
3/4 cup water
1 1/3 tablespoons rice vinegar
1 1/3 tablespoons white sugar
2 1/4 teaspoons salt
cooking spray
8 frozen tempura shrimp
2 sheets nori (dry seaweed)
2 sticks imitation crabmeat, cut into 1/4-inch pieces
1 cucumber - peeled, seeded, and cut into 1/4-inch strips
1 avocado, sliced
10 ounces frozen unagi kabayaki (grilled eel), thawed and sliced into 2-inch strips

Directions:
Rinse rice in a strainer until water runs clear.
Combine rice and water in a saucepan; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low, cover, and cook until rice is tender and water is absorbed, about 20 minutes.
Combine rice vinegar, sugar, and salt in a small saucepan over low heat; stir until sugar is dissolved, 1 to 2 minutes. Pour over rice; stir until rice cools and looks dry.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Grease a baking sheet with cooking spray.
Arrange shrimp tempura on the baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until golden and crispy, about 6 minutes per side. Cut tails off 4 of the tempura shrimp.
Cover a bamboo sushi rolling mat with plastic wrap. Lay 1 sheet of nori, shiny-side down, on the plastic wrap. Spread 1 cup rice on top using moistened fingers, leaving a 1/3-inch border. Flip nori so rice is facing the mat.
Arrange imitation crabmeat and cucumber along the bottom edge of the nori sheet. Place 2 tail-off shrimp in the center of the nori sheet. Place 2 tail-on shrimp on the end so that the tails extend over the sides of the sheet. Lift the edge of the mat and roll up nori into a tight log around filling.
Transfer sushi roll to a serving plate. Layer avocado and unagi slices on top to cover the top and sides of the roll. Slice roll into 8 pieces using a moistened knife. Repeat with remaining nori, rice, crabmeat, cucumber, avocado, and unagi to make a second roll.

Submitter: 
Betsy Ann
Description: 
Delicious and festive uramaki sushi roll featuring unagi, avocado, and shrimp tempura. It's fun to decorate the roll to look like a dragon! Serve with unagi sauce, soy sauce, wasabi, and pickled ginger.
Categories:
Seafood
Fish

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 8 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
1095 calories
50.3
g fat
93.5
g carbohydrates
66.6
g protein
432
mg cholesterol
3341
mg sodium.
