URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/257915/halibut-in-spicy-coconut-soup-with-fried-taro-chips/
Title:
Halibut in Spicy Coconut Soup with Fried Taro Chips Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 taro, peeled and cut into large chunks
1/2 cup vegetable oil, or as needed, divided
4 bone-in halibut steaks
1 head green cabbage, quartered
4 small tomatoes, chopped
1 large onion, chopped
1 green chile pepper, finely chopped, or more to taste
2 (14 ounce) cans coconut milk
2 1/2 cups water
sea salt to taste
1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro

Directions:
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add taro; cook until tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain and let cool. Cut cooled taro into 1/4-inch thick slices.
Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook halibut steaks in the hot oil until lightly browned, about 2 minutes per side. Place halibut steaks on paper towels to absorb excess oil.
Place cabbage quarters in a large saucepan. Pour in enough water to cover. Bring to a boil; cook until just tender, 4 to 5 minutes. Drain.
Spread cabbage evenly over the bottom of a large Dutch oven over medium heat. Arrange halibut steaks on top. Layer tomatoes, onion, and chile pepper over halibut.
Stir coconut milk and water together in a bowl. Pour into the Dutch oven. Season with salt. Bring to a boil; reduce heat and simmer until halibut flakes easily with a fork, about 30 minutes. Avoid stirring too often to keep halibut intact. Sprinkle cilantro on top.
Heat remaining 6 tablespoons vegetable oil in a deep saucepan over medium-high heat. Cook taro slices in batches until slightly golden, 3 to 5 minutes. Place on a wire rack to cool. Season with sea salt.

Submitter: 
Sabrina De Paulo
Description: 
My family is from the Fiji Islands and this recipe was given to me from my mother, who got it from her mother. You can find taro in most Asian stores - tastes like a potato, but better! This recipe does take a bit of time but it's worth it. I'm sure you'll all enjoy!
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Seafood
Fish Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 41 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
773 calories
70.4
g fat
31.3
g carbohydrates
15.4
g protein
10
mg cholesterol
186
mg sodium.
