URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/257935/chinese-chicken-and-ginger-steamed-soup-dumplings/
Title:
Chinese Chicken and Ginger Steamed Soup Dumplings Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Filling:
3/4 cup chicken stock, or more if needed
1 teaspoon agar-agar flakes
1 piece fresh ginger root, peeled
1 spring onion, sliced
3/4 cup warm water
9 ounces ground chicken
2 tablespoons soy sauce
2 teaspoons cooking wine
1 teaspoon sesame oil
1/2 teaspoon white sugar
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
Dough:
1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour
2/3 cup warm water
1 tablespoon vegetable oil

Directions:
Combine chicken stock and agar-agar flakes in a saucepan over low heat; cook and stir until agar-agar is dissolved, 1 to 2 minutes. Refrigerate and chill and until set, 15 to 30 minutes.
Slightly smash ginger with the blade of a broad knife to bring out flavor. Place ginger and spring onion in 3/4 cup warm water in a bowl; rub with your fingers to extract the flavor of the ginger and onion into the water. The water will turn slightly green. Drain and let water cool.
Mix chicken, soy sauce, cooking wine, sesame oil, sugar, and black pepper together in a bowl. Gradually mix in the cooled ginger-spring onion water.
Mince the agar mixture and stir into chicken mixture. Cover and chill in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours.
Place flour in a large bowl; stir in 2/3 cup warm water and vegetable oil. Mix until a smooth dough forms; cover with plastic wrap and let stand for 10 minutes. Cut dough into small pieces and roll into balls; flatten into rounds that are slightly thicker in the center.
Spoon chicken mixture into the center of each piece of dough. Draw up the sides to form a bag shape and twist to seal.
Place in a bamboo steamer. Steam in a skillet filled with about 1 inch of water over high heat until chicken is no longer pink in the center, 10 to 15 minutes.

Submitter: 
xiao wei
Description: 
These delicate little Chinese steamed buns are from the Shanghai region. Filled with minced chicken or pork, ginger, and spring onion. Feel free to experiment by including your favorite ingredients. Serve with shredded ginger in dark vinegar.
Categories:
Main Dish
Dumplings

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
5 h 36 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
221 calories
4.8
g fat
29.3
g carbohydrates
13.6
g protein
26
mg cholesterol
422
mg sodium.
