URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258022/zucchini-ravioli-with-minced-beef-and-feta-filling/
Title:
Zucchini Ravioli with Minced Beef and Feta Filling Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3906345.jpg
Ingredients:
Filling:
1 tablespoon coconut oil
1 clove garlic, chopped
1 onion, diced
1 pound extra-lean ground beef
1 (4 ounce) can tomato sauce
1 chile pepper, chopped
1 teaspoon ground turmeric
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon ground coriander
Ravioli:
2 zucchini, or more to taste
2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese (optional)
1 (4 ounce) package feta cheese, crumbled
1 (15 ounce) can tomato sauce
2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Heat coconut oil in a skillet over medium heat; add garlic. Cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add onion; cook and stir until softened, 1 to 2 minutes. Add ground beef; cook and stir until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes.
Stir 4-ounce can tomato sauce, chile pepper, turmeric, black pepper, cumin, and coriander into the beef mixture; cook and stir until heated through, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from heat.
Peel zucchini into large flat ribbons using a vegetable peeler. Arrange 2 pieces in an "x" shape. Place a piece of feta cheese in the middle of the zucchini "x"; add a spoonful of beef mixture. Carefully wrap the ends of zucchini ribbons over the top to form a ravioli-shape. Repeat with remaining zucchini, feta cheese, and beef mixture.
Coat the bottom of a baking dish with 1/2 of the 15-ounce can tomato sauce. Arrange zucchini "ravioli" over sauce. Top with remaining tomato sauce, basil, and Parmesan cheese.
Bake in the preheated oven until sauce has thickened and cheese is golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes.

Submitter: 
HealthFoodHype
Description: 
Once again zucchini (courgette) to the rescue, providing a really good alternative to standard carb and gluten-heavy pasta. The prep work for these isn't as bad as it looks and they make surprisingly tasty parcels, which you can fill with basically whatever you like. Ricotta and spinach would make a quick and tasty vegetarian alternative. Adding these spices to the beef brings out a lot of Greek-style flavors which complements the feta perfectly, and if you have any left over, you can easily add a bit more tomato sauce and veg to it the next day for a quick chili. Serve immediately on its own or with a side salad. Bon appetit!
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
Italian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
775 calories
47
g fat
36.5
g carbohydrates
55.6
g protein
183
mg cholesterol
2199
mg sodium.
