URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258055/crisp-stuffed-chicken-in-marsala-sauce/
Title:
Crisp Stuffed Chicken in Marsala Sauce Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
6  skinless, boneless chicken breasts
2 cloves garlic, diced
salt and freshly ground pepper to taste
1 pinch dried thyme
1 pinch dried basil
1 pinch dried parsley
1 bunch fresh spinach
6 slices fontina cheese
6 thin slices prosciutto
2  eggs
2 cups seasoned bread crumbs, or as needed
3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, or to taste
¼ cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, or to taste
2 cloves garlic, diced
1 (10 ounce) package sliced fresh mushrooms
½ cup Marsala wine
2 cups chicken stock
1 tablespoon butter
1 tablespoon all-purpose flour

Directions:
Place chicken breasts between 2 sheets of waxed paper. Pound lightly with the smooth side of a meat mallet. Cut a pocket into each chicken breast.
Rub 2 garlic cloves over chicken breast. Season chicken inside and out with salt, pepper, thyme, basil, and parsley. Stuff pockets with spinach, fontana cheese, and prosciutto.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Beat 2 eggs in a bowl. Pour bread crumbs into a shallow bowl.
Dip stuffed chicken into eggs. Dredge in bread crumbs until coated.
Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook breaded chicken until browned, about 6 minutes per side.
Transfer chicken to a baking sheet. Sprinkle Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese over chicken; drizzle remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil on top.
Bake in the preheated oven until chicken is no longer pink in the center, 10 to 20 minutes.
Cook and stir 2 garlic cloves in the same skillet used to brown chicken for 1 to 2 minutes. Add mushrooms; cook and stir until browned, about 5 minutes. Pour in Marsala wine; simmer until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Stir in chicken stock.
Stir butter and flour into the skillet until sauce thickens, about 5 minutes. Serve sauce over chicken.

Submitter: 
RoRoCo
Description: 
I love chicken Marsala sauce, but I am not a fan of the soggy chicken that usually goes along with it. This recipe is my interpretation of chicken Marsala. One taste and you will never go back to the Old World version. Serve over bow-tie pasta or canned white potatoes.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
53 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
604 calories
28
g fat
36.8
g carbohydrates
45.8
g protein
177
mg cholesterol
1519
mg sodium.
