URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258023/pumpkin-ricotta-ravioli/
Title:
Pumpkin Ricotta Ravioli Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 cups pumpkin pie filling
1/2 cup ricotta cheese
1/2 cup canned cannellini beans
1 clove garlic
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 (16 ounce) package wonton wrappers
cooking spray
1/4 cup balsamic vinegar
1/2 cup vegetable broth, or to taste

Directions:
Combine pumpkin pie filling, ricotta cheese, cannellini beans, and garlic in a food processor or blender; process until completely smooth. Season with salt and pepper.
Fill a small bowl with water. Place a damp paper towel over the wonton wrappers. Grease a baking sheet with cooking spray.
Drop teaspoonfuls of the pumpkin filling into the center of each wonton wrapper. Dip a finger in the bowl of water and run around the edges. Fold wrappers in half, sealing the filling inside. Arrange filled ravioli on the baking sheet.
Chill ravioli until filling is set, 5 to 10 minutes.
Preheat oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Drop 5 to 8 ravioli in the water; cook until they float to the top, 4 to 6 minutes. Transfer to a baking sheet with a large slotted spoon and keep warm in the preheated oven. Repeat with remaining ravioli.
Pour balsamic vinegar into a large saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat; reduce heat and simmer, whisking constantly, until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Whisk in vegetable broth until sauce reaches desired consistency. Drizzle sauce over ravioli.

Submitter: 
DevotedFoodie
Description: 
A light vegetarian pasta recipe. This is a quick and easy ravioli recipe that is easy on the waistline. Finish with a drizzle of very good extra-virgin olive oil and a sprinkle of Pecorino cheese. Since there are only two of us in my house, I usually freeze half my ravioli for another quick meal when I'm pinched for time.
Categories:
Fruits and Vegetables
Vegetables
Squash

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
49 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
546 calories
4.4
g fat
109.6
g carbohydrates
17.2
g protein
19
mg cholesterol
1125
mg sodium.
