URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258074/kkori-gomtang-oxtail-soup/
Title:
Kkori Gomtang (Oxtail Soup) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 pounds beef oxtail, cut into pieces
4 quarts water, divided
4 ounces daikon radish, peeled and cut into 2-inch cubes
6 green onions, green and white parts chopped and separated
3 tablespoons milk
10 cloves garlic
4 teaspoons sea salt
4 teaspoons ground black pepper

Directions:
Soak oxtail in cold water to remove blood, about 2 hours. Drain. Trim fat off the oxtail.
Place oxtail in a pressure cooker; add 2 cups water. Cover and cook over medium heat according to manufacturer's instructions for 30 minutes. Add 8 cups water and cook for 1 hour more. Remove from heat; release pressure according to manufacturer's instructions. Let cool, about 30 minutes.
Transfer oxtail to a container using a slotted spoon. Pour broth into a separate container. Cover and refrigerate, 8 hours to overnight.
Discard layer of fat that formed over the surface of the oxtail and broth.
Combine oxtail and broth in a large pot. Add remaining 6 cups water, daikon, white parts of the green onions, milk, and garlic. Cook over medium heat, skimming foam occasionally off the top, until garlic is soft, about 1 hour. Reduce heat to low; cook for 30 minutes more.
Remove daikon and white parts of the greens from the soup with a slotted spoon; discard. Garnish soup with green parts of the green onions. Season individual bowls with 1 teaspoon salt and 1 teaspoon black pepper.

Submitter: 
Ann Lee
Description: 
This is a simple oxtail soup requiring you to cook the oxtail first in a pressure cooker and then again with some simple seasonings. The broth will come out with a milky consistency.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Beef Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
13 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
310 calories
15.6
g fat
7.2
g carbohydrates
36.3
g protein
126
mg cholesterol
2020
mg sodium.
