URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258066/spargelsuppe-mit-kase-cream-of-white-asparagus-soup-with-blue-cheese/
Title:
Spargelsuppe mit Kase (Cream of White Asparagus Soup with Blue Cheese) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 2/3 pounds white asparagus
1/4 cup butter, divided
1 pinch white sugar
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 shallots, chopped
1 tablespoon all-purpose flour
1/2 cup dry white wine
1 (4 ounce) package Cambozola cheese, cubed
4 sprigs chervil, leaves stripped, divided
5 tablespoons heavy whipping cream

Directions:
Peel asparagus spears with a vegetable peeler from top to bottom, starting below the tips. Trim off any woody ends and chop asparagus spears, leaving the tips intact.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add asparagus pieces, 1 tablespoon butter, sugar, and salt. Reduce heat; simmer until asparagus is tender and easily pierced with a knife, 15 to 25 minutes. Drain, reserving 2 cups cooking liquid.
Melt remaining 3 tablespoons butter in the pot. Cook shallots, stirring often, until translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in flour until shallots are evenly coated. Whisk in reserved cooking liquid and white wine until soup is thick and smooth, about 5 minutes. Stir in Cambozola cheese until melted, about 1 minute.
Stir asparagus pieces, except for the tips, into the sauce. Add all but 2 teaspoons chervil leaves. Puree soup with an immersion blender until smooth. Season with salt and pepper.
Beat heavy cream in a bowl with an electric mixer until stiff peaks form. Stir cream into the soup. Garnish soup with reserved asparagus tips and 2 teaspoon chervil leaves.

Submitter: 
Marianne
Description: 
The classic cream of asparagus soup with a twist: Cambozola cheese, a combination of French soft cheese and Gorgonzola. The cheese makes this soup especially creamy.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Vegetable Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
56 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
367 calories
27
g fat
17.6
g carbohydrates
12.2
g protein
77
mg cholesterol
530
mg sodium.
