URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258112/mini-waffle-pops-with-dark-chocolate-roasted-peanuts-and-flaked-salt/
Title:
Mini Waffle Pops with Dark Chocolate, Roasted Peanuts, and Flaked Salt Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4517069.jpg
Ingredients:
cooking spray
1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour
3 tablespoons white sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cups milk
3 eggs, beaten
1/2 cup butter, melted
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 (12 ounce) bag dark chocolate chips
60 lollipop sticks
1/2 cup chopped roasted peanuts
1 tablespoon flaked sea salt

Directions:
Grease a waffle iron with cooking spray and preheat according to manufacturer's instructions.
Whisk flour, sugar, baking powder, and 1/2 teaspoon salt together in a large bowl.
Whisk milk, beaten eggs, butter, and vanilla extract together in a separate bowl. Pour over flour mixture; stir until batter is just moistened.
Scoop 2 teaspoons of batter into the waffle iron for each waffle pop, leaving space between each one. Insert a lollipop stick 3/4 of the way into each pool of batter. Close lid; cook until golden and crispy, about 1 minute. Transfer waffle pop to a cooling rack. Repeat with remaining batter and lollipop sticks.
Melt dark chocolate in a microwave-safe glass or ceramic bowl in 15-second intervals, stirring after each interval, 1 to 3 minutes.
Scoop melted chocolate into a pastry bag fitted with a small writing tip or into a plastic resealable bag with a corner snipped off. Drizzle chocolate over one side of the waffle pops.
Sprinkle peanuts and a small pinch of flaked salt over pops while chocolate is still warm. Let cool until chocolate firms up, about 5 minutes.

Submitter: 
foodelicious
Description: 
Looking for a fun new party dessert? Try these mini waffles baked on lollipop sticks and covered with chocolate, peanuts, and a touch of flaked salt. They're so easy to make and serve.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Waffles

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
27 m
Number of servings: 
60
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
70 calories
4
g fat
7.8
g carbohydrates
1.5
g protein
14
mg cholesterol
143
mg sodium.
