URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258137/butterscotch-pudding-with-candied-bacon/
Title:
Butterscotch Pudding with Candied Bacon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4518474.jpg
Ingredients:
4 ounces butter
1 cup packed dark brown sugar
1 teaspoon coarse sea salt
6 tablespoons cornstarch
5 cups whole milk
4 large eggs
2 tablespoons bourbon
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Candied Bacon:
6 slices Farmland® Bacon
1/2 cup light brown sugar
1 tablespoon bourbon
1/4 cup maple syrup
Whipped cream for garnish
Candied pecans for garnish

Directions:
Melt butter in medium-sized saucepan. Add dark brown sugar and salt, and stir until sugar is dissolved. Remove from heat.
In small bowl, whisk together cornstarch with about 1/4 cup milk until smooth; then whisk in eggs.
Gradually pour remaining milk into melted brown sugar, whisking constantly; then whisk in cornstarch mixture as well.
Return pan to heat, and bring mixture to boil, whisking frequently. Once it begins to bubble, reduce heat to low simmer and continue to cook for 1 minute, whisking nonstop, until pudding thickens.
Remove from heat and stir in bourbon and vanilla.
Pour into individual dishes and chill thoroughly before serving.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Line baking sheet with parchment and place wire rack on top.
In small saucepot over medium heat, add brown sugar, bourbon and maple syrup. Cook, stirring often, until mixture is thickened.
Place bacon slices on rack and brush half of glaze on both sides of bacon. Sprinkle with additional brown sugar if desired.
Bake in preheated oven for 8 minutes, flip and brush bacon with remaining glaze. Cook until crispy and browned.
To serve: Top butterscotch puddings with bacon, whipped cream and candied pecans.

Submitter: 
Pure Farmland
Description: 
Homemade butterscotch pudding with a touch of bourbon is topped with crumbled candied bacon, whipped cream, and candied pecans.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Pork

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
2 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
1177 calories
73.9
g fat
106.6
g carbohydrates
21.8
g protein
341
mg cholesterol
967
mg sodium.
