URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258109/mini-waffle-pops-with-chocolate-coconut-and-macadamia-nuts/
Title:
Mini Waffle Pops with Chocolate, Coconut, and Macadamia Nuts Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F4517056.jpg
Ingredients:
1 ¾ cups all-purpose flour
3 tablespoons white sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
½ teaspoon salt
1 ½ cups milk
3  eggs, beaten
½ cup butter, melted
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
60  lollipop sticks
6 ounces dark chocolate chips
6 ounces white chocolate chips
½ cup shredded sweetened coconut
½ cup chopped roasted macadamia nuts

Directions:
Preheat and grease a waffle iron according to manufacturer's instructions.
Whisk flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt together in a large bowl.
Whisk milk, eggs, butter, and vanilla extract together in a separate bowl; stir into flour mixture just until batter is moistened.
Pour 2 teaspoons batter into the preheated waffle iron for each waffle, leaving spaces between each. Insert a lollipop stick about 3/4 of the way into each pool of batter; close the lid. Cook until golden and crispy, about 1 minute. Transfer each waffle pop to a cooling rack and repeat with the remaining batter.
Melt dark chocolate chips in a microwave-safe glass or ceramic bowl in 15-second intervals, stirring after each melting, 1 to 3 minutes. Transfer melted dark chocolate to a pastry bag fitted with a small writing tip or a resealable plastic bag with the corner snipped; drizzle over 1 side of each waffle pop.
Melt white chocolate chips in a microwave-safe glass or ceramic bowl in 15-second intervals, stirring after each interval, 1 to 3 minutes. Transfer melted white chocolate to a pastry bag fitted with a small writing tip or a resealable plastic bag with the corner snipped; drizzle over the dark chocolate.
Sprinkle coconut and macadamia nuts over the melted chocolate, pressing lightly to help toppings stick while chocolate cools and firms.

Submitter: 
foodelicious
Description: 
Fun and festive mini waffles are baked on lollipop sticks and covered with two kinds of chocolate, shredded coconut, and macadamia nuts for delightful party treats. Sweet, tender, and crunchy all at the same time, and so easy to make!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
33 mins
Number of servings: 
60
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
76 calories
4.7
g fat
7.7
g carbohydrates
1.4
g protein
14
mg cholesterol
59
mg sodium.
