URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258267/risotto-ai-frutti-di-mare/
Title:
Risotto ai Frutti di Mare Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5128021.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound mussels, cleaned and debearded
1 pound fresh clams, cleaned
1 pound shell-on medium shrimp
Seafood Stock:
2 quarts water
1 large tomato, quartered
1 onion, quartered
1 carrot, sliced
1 stalk celery, sliced
salt and ground black pepper to taste
Risotto:
5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided
1 small onion, chopped
1 (16 ounce) package Arborio rice
2 cups white wine, divided
3 cloves garlic, crushed
1 bunch fresh parsley, chopped

Directions:
Soak mussels, clams, and shrimp in separate bowls of salted cold water for 1 hour. Drain. Clean and devein shrimp, reserving heads and shells.
Combine shrimp heads and shells, 2 quarts water, tomato, quartered onion, carrot, and celery in a large pot; bring to a boil. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer until flavors combine, 40 minutes to 1 hour. Season with salt and pepper.
Strain stock through a fine-mesh sieve, discarding solids. Keep warm over low heat.
Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add chopped onion; cook and stir until softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in rice until translucent and coated with oil, 2 to 3 minutes. Increase heat to medium-high; pour in 1 cup white wine. Simmer until alcohol has evaporated, about 3 minutes.
Reduce heat to medium and stir in 1 ladle of stock until rice has absorbed the liquid. Repeat with remaining stock, stirring after each addition, until rice is creamy and almost tender, about 15 minutes.
Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add 1 clove garlic and cook until golden, 1 to 2 minutes. Add mussels and 1/2 cup white wine; cover and cook until mussels open, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat; discard garlic and any mussels that did not open. Remove shells and keep mussels warm. Strain cooking liquid through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl.
Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in the same saucepan over medium heat. Add 1 clove garlic and cook until golden, 1 to 2 minutes. Add clams and 1/2 cup white wine; cover and cook until opened, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat; discard garlic and any clams that did not open. Remove shells and keep clams warm. Strain cooking liquid through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl.
Heat remaining olive oil in the same saucepan. Add 1 clove garlic and shrimp; cook and stir until shrimp turn pink, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat and discard garlic.
Pour some of the mussel and clam cooking water over the rice; cook for 3 to 5 minutes more. Remove rice from heat. Fold in mussels, clams, and shrimp. Sprinkle parsley on top. Let stand before serving, about 5 minutes.

Submitter: 
NonnaPia
Description: 
This seafood risotto is a classic Italian dish served on many occasions, from the simplest to the most elegant. For best results, use homemade seafood stock, though store-bought can be used in a pinch.
Categories:
Main Dish
Rice
Risotto

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
3 h 17 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
637 calories
14.9
g fat
73
g carbohydrates
34.8
g protein
154
mg cholesterol
420
mg sodium.
