URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258293/stuffed-sicilian-bread/
Title:
Stuffed Sicilian Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 large loaf crusty Italian bread
1 tablespoon olive oil
4 large shallots, chopped
2 cloves garlic, minced
salt to taste
1 pinch ground black pepper, or to taste
1 (8 ounce) container ricotta cheese
4 ounces shredded mozzarella cheese
4 ounces shredded Parmesan cheese
4 ounces shredded Romano cheese
1 cup fresh basil leaves, torn
1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley
1 (6 ounce) can burgundy olives, drained
1 cup pitted kalamata olives, drained
1/2 cup large garlic-stuffed green olives, drained
2 (14 ounce) cans water-packed artichoke hearts, drained and cut into eighths
1 roasted red pepper, drained and cut into thin strips
1 tablespoon olive oil, or as needed
1 tablespoon shredded Parmesan cheese, for topping

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Remove top of bread loaf to create a long boat-shaped loaf. Pull out much of the soft bread to form a shell inside the crust. Reserve chunks of bread and break into evenly sized medium pieces.
Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir shallots until softened, 3 or 4 minutes. Add garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 more minute. Transfer reserved bread pieces to skillet. Add salt and pepper. Cook and stir until bread has absorbed some of the olive oil, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat.
Place ricotta, mozzarella, 4 ounces Parmesan, and Romano cheeses in a mixing bowl. Add basil and parsley; mix well. Transfer bread mixture to bowl. Stir in burgundy olives, kalamata olives, green olives, artichoke hearts, and red pepper strips. Add a pinch of pepper. Mix well.
Place bread shell on a rimmed baking sheet. Drizzle inside with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Fill with the cheese mixture. Top with 1 tablespoon shredded Parmesan cheese.
Bake in preheated oven until loaf begins to get crisp and filling is bubbly, 20 to 30 minutes.

Submitter: 
SerenaBloom
Description: 
Big hit at dinner parties. My Italian family loves this!
Categories:
Side Dish

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
46 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
564 calories
26.4
g fat
54
g carbohydrates
26.9
g protein
43
mg cholesterol
2078
mg sodium.
