URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258395/mushroom-leek-and-sausage-pot-pie/
Title:
Mushroom, Leek, and Sausage Pot Pie Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1 (17.5 ounce) package frozen puff pastry, thawed
2 links chicken sausage, halved lengthwise and cut into bite-sized pieces
3 tablespoons butter
4  carrots, cut into bite-sized pieces
1  leek, halved lengthwise and cut into bite-sized pieces
2  garlic cloves
1 (4 ounce) package mushrooms, quartered
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 ¼ cups vegetable broth
1 tablespoon Dijon mustard
1 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper
½ teaspoon ground nutmeg
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1  egg
1 tablespoon water

Directions:
Roll out each puff pastry sheet to an even thickness. Cut two 8-inch rounds from each sheet using a sharp knife.
Line bottom and sides of two 8-inch pie tins with pastry rounds. Reserve 2 pastry rounds for tops of pies. Place pie tins and tops on a baking sheet; transfer to the refrigerator.
Cook and stir sausage in a skillet over medium heat until browned, about 5 minutes. Drain excess grease. Add butter, carrots, leek, and garlic; cook and stir until leek softens, about 5 minutes.
Stir mushrooms into the skillet; cook until tender, about 8 minutes. Stir in flour for 1 minute. Pour in vegetable broth slowly; add Dijon mustard, cayenne pepper, nutmeg, salt, and pepper. Cook and stir until sauce thickens, about 5 minutes.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Divide sausage mixture evenly between the pie tins. Cover with pastry tops.
Whisk egg and water together in a small bowl to make egg wash. Brush egg wash over pastry tops.
Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, about 35 minutes. Cool briefly before slicing, about 10 minutes.

Submitter: 
Char Triplett
Description: 
This recipe is a fantastic spin on the normal pot pie and much better than what you can buy in a box.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
59 mins
Ready in:
10 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
623 calories
41.9
g fat
49.6
g carbohydrates
13.1
g protein
81
mg cholesterol
600
mg sodium.
