URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258483/grilled-flank-steak-with-grapes-and-stilton/
Title:
Grilled Flank Steak with Grapes and Stilton Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4531556.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (2 pound) flank steak
kosher salt and ground black pepper to taste
1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil
1 1/2 tablespoons red wine vinegar
1 tablespoon chopped shallot
1/4 teaspoon Dijon mustard
2 bunches watercress, stemmed
2 cups seedless red grapes, halved
1/2 cup crumbled Stilton cheese

Directions:
Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil the grate.
Sprinkle steak with salt and pepper.
Combine olive oil, vinegar, shallot, and mustard in a blender or small food processor. Sprinkle salt and pepper to taste; puree dressing until smooth.
Grill steak until medium-rare, or when internal temperature reaches 130 degrees F (55 degrees C); 6 to 7 minutes per side. Transfer to a cutting board; let rest for 5 minutes.
Place watercress in a large bowl. Pour in dressing to coat; toss to combine. Sprinkle additional salt and pepper.
Slice steak thinly across the grain; transfer to a serving platter. Top with watercress, grapes, and Stilton cheese. Serve with any additional dressing.

Submitter: 
AshleyJohnson
Description: 
Summertime is perfect for entertaining friends and family. When drawing up the guest list and menu, be sure to invite grapes to the table. Grapes go well with other ingredients, add flair to drinks and cocktails, and look pretty on tabletops. With fruits and vegetables at their freshest, summer is the perfect time to add grapes to grilled meats. Treat guests to a full palette of flavors, textures, and colors with this delicious flank steak recipe. The artful combination of ingredients gets a juicy pop from red California grapes and a sharp green contrast from watercress.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Beef
Steaks
Flank Steak

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
27 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
449 calories
27.9
g fat
16.7
g carbohydrates
33.8
g protein
61
mg cholesterol
409
mg sodium.
