URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258432/juicy-asian-steamed-chicken-thighs/
Title:
Juicy Asian Steamed Chicken Thighs Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F5143620.jpg
Ingredients:
4  bone-in chicken thighs, with skin
1 teaspoon sea salt, or to taste
1 (2 inch) piece fresh ginger, thinly sliced, or to taste
3  green onions, thinly sliced with white and green parts separated
¼ cup water
1 cup coconut juice
1 ½ tablespoons fish sauce
1 tablespoon rice vinegar
1 tablespoon fresh lime juice
4  Thai chiles, chopped
5 sprigs cilantro, stems and leaves separated
2 cloves garlic, chopped
1 (1 inch) piece fresh ginger, coarsely chopped
1 teaspoon palm sugar
2 ½ tablespoons vegetable oil

Directions:
Season chicken thighs with sea salt and spread ginger slices and green parts of the green onion on top. Arrange each pair of chicken thighs in an even layer in 2 shallow, heatproof bowls.
Fill a large pot with 4 to 5 inches of water and insert two steam racks inside. Set the bowls on the steam rack and pour 1/4 cup water and coconut juice evenly between the 2 bowls. Cover pot and bring water at the bottom of the pot to a boil; reduce heat to a simmer. Cook chicken breasts until no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, about 35 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Combine fish sauce, rice vinegar, lime juice, Thai chiles, cilantro stems, garlic, chopped ginger, and palm sugar in a food processor; pulse mixture until well combined. Transfer the sauce mixture into a medium bowl; add green parts of the green onion.
Heat vegetable oil on a skillet over medium heat until smoking, about 4 minutes; pour oil into the sauce mix.
Remove the 2 bowls from the pot. Discard ginger and green onion pieces.
Drain remaining coconut juice liquids, through a sieve, into the sauce mixture. Pour over chicken, and garnish with cilantro leaves.

Submitter: 
crys
Description: 
Taste the Southeast Asian seaside with this subtle, fragrant and tender chicken dish. Best served over a bed of jasmine rice.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 14 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
314 calories
17.7
g fat
19.2
g carbohydrates
19.9
g protein
69
mg cholesterol
935
mg sodium.
