URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258575/quinoa-salad-with-crispy-tofu-cubes-and-lime-vinaigrette/
Title:
Quinoa Salad with Crispy Tofu Cubes and Lime Vinaigrette Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1 large sweet potato, cut into chunks
2 tablespoons olive oil
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 cups chicken broth
1 cup quinoa, rinsed
1 (12 ounce) package extra-firm tofu, cut into 1-inch cubes
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
2 tablespoons cornstarch
2 teaspoons garlic powder
¼ cup vegetable oil
3 tablespoons olive oil
2 tablespoons lime juice
1 teaspoon Dijon mustard
½ teaspoon garlic powder
¼ teaspoon ground cumin
1  avocado, diced
2 cups mixed greens with spinach
1 cup bite-sized broccoli florets
½ cup diced red bell pepper
¼ cup capers
7 leaves fresh basil, cut into strips, or more to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Toss sweet potato with 2 tablespoons olive oil, salt, and pepper on a baking sheet; spread out in an even layer.
Roast sweet potato in the preheated oven until soft, about 20 minutes.
Bring chicken broth to a boil in a saucepan. Reduce heat to low; stir in quinoa. Cover and simmer until quinoa is tender, about 30 minutes. Place in the refrigerator to cool.
Bring a pot of generously salted water to a boil. Remove from heat; add tofu cubes. Let soak for 15 minutes. Drain and pat dry with a clean dish towel.
Mix flour, cornstarch, garlic powder, salt, and pepper together in a shallow bowl. Toss tofu cubes in flour mixture until evenly coated.
Heat 1/4 cup vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook tofu cubes in 2 batches until browned, about 20 seconds per side.
Place 3 tablespoons olive oil, lime juice, Dijon mustard, garlic powder, cumin, salt, and pepper in a jar. Seal and shake well to make dressing.
Pour dressing into a large bowl. Add sweet potato, tofu cubes, avocado, mixed greens, broccoli, red bell pepper, capers, and basil; toss to combine.
Divide quinoa among serving plates; top with sweet potato salad mixture.

Submitter: 
paralee
Description: 
Had this salad at a restaurant in Minneapolis and had to make it the second I got home. It takes a bit of prep work, but definitely worth it!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
3 Ratings
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 43 mins
Number of servings: 
15 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
747 calories
46
g fat
69.3
g carbohydrates
19.8
g protein
3
mg cholesterol
896
mg sodium.
