URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258593/no-bake-vegan-weetabixtm-cheesecakes/
Title:
No-Bake Vegan Weetabix™ Cheesecakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 cup pitted dates
1 cup raw walnuts
3 shredded wheat cereal biscuits (such as Weetabix™)
cooking spray
1 1/2 cups raw cashews, soaked in water
1/2 cup full-fat coconut milk
2 tablespoons full-fat coconut milk
1/2 cup maple syrup
1/3 cup coconut oil, melted
1 lemon, juiced
Toppings:
3 tablespoons caramel sauce
2 tablespoons natural peanut butter
1/4 cup frozen wild blueberries

Directions:
Combine dates and walnuts in a food processor; pulse until a loose dough forms. Mix in wheat cereal biscuits until a pliable dough forms.
Grease a muffin tin lightly with cooking spray. Line muffin cups with strips of parchment paper.
Drop 1 tablespoon of dough into each muffin cup; press over the bottom with your fingers. Freeze until firm, 10 to 15 minutes.
Combine soaked cashews, 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons coconut milk, maple syrup, coconut oil, and lemon juice in a blender; blend until smooth.
Divide cashew mixture evenly among muffin cups. Tap muffin tin against a work surface to release any air bubbles in the cashew mixture. Cover with plastic wrap. Freeze until firm, 4 to 6 hours.
Pull cheesecakes out of muffin cups using the parchment paper ends. Drizzle caramel sauce and peanut butter on top; garnish with blueberries.

Submitter: 
Zainab Pervaiz
Description: 
This recipe has been tested by many of my foodie family members and friends and heartily approved. So good, so creamy, insanely delicious! I make them even more than regular cheesecakes. These beauties contain 3 ingredients in the crust: Weetabix™, dates, and walnuts (or almonds).
These are extremely delicious plain, but to pork them up a bit I topped them with blueberries, caramel, and peanut butter.
Categories:
Desserts
Cakes
Holiday Cakes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
4 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
354 calories
24.1
g fat
33.9
g carbohydrates
6.6
g protein
< 1
mg cholesterol
30
mg sodium.
