URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258590/hash-cake-eggs-benedict-with-balsamic-glaze/
Title:
Hash Cake Eggs Benedict with Balsamic Glaze Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4531056.jpg
Ingredients:
Hollandaise:
3 egg yolks
lemon, juiced
5 dashes hot pepper sauce
1/2 cup unsalted butter, melted
Salt and ground black pepper to taste
Balsamic Glaze:
1 cup balsamic vinegar
1 tablespoon honey
Hash Cakes:
1 (15 ounce) can HORMEL® Mary Kitchen® Corned Beef Hash
1 egg, beaten
1/4 cup panko bread crumbs
1 tablespoon fresh parsley, minced
1 tablespoon olive oil
6 eggs
1 tablespoon white vinegar
1 cup baby arugula, or more as needed

Directions:
Place egg yolks, lemon juice, and hot sauce in a blender. Blend until eggs are a pale yellow, about 30 seconds to 1 minute. While the motor is running, add the butter in a slow steady stream until it is all incorporated. Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Combine the balsamic vinegar and honey in a small pan. Bring to a boil over high heat; reduce heat to medium and let simmer until reduced by about half, 20 to 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat.
Combine corned beef hash, beaten egg, breadcrumbs, and parsley in a mixing bowl.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Measure corned beef mixture into 6 patties using a 1/4-cup measuring cup. Place them in skillet; Reduce heat to medium. Fry until just starting to brown, about 3 minutes per side. Remove from heat.
Fill a large saucepan with 2 to 3 inches of water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium-low, pour in vinegar, and keep the water at a gentle simmer. Crack an egg into a small bowl then gently slip egg into the simmering water, holding the bowl just above the surface of water. Repeat with the remaining eggs. Cook eggs until the whites are firm and the yolks have thickened but are not hard, 2 1/2 to 3 minutes. Remove the eggs from the water with a slotted spoon, dab on a kitchen towel to remove excess water, and place onto a warm plate.
To plate, place one hash cake on a plate, top with a handful of arugula. Place a poached egg over the arugula and drizzle with hollandaise and glaze. Season with salt and pepper.

Submitter: 
Elizabeth
Description: 
These hash cakes act as the base for these perfectly poached eggs, fresh hollandaise sauce and balsamic glaze. The sweetness of the glaze helps balance out the saltiness of the cakes and bitterness of the arugula. Who needs to go out for brunch when you can make this in under 30 minutes!
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Eggs

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
429 calories
32.5
g fat
22.6
g carbohydrates
14.9
g protein
377
mg cholesterol
434
mg sodium.
