URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258574/meat-sambusa/
Title:
Meat Sambusa Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil, divided
2 tablespoons pine nuts
1/2 pound ground beef
1 small onion, chopped
3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground allspice
salt and ground black pepper to taste
5 (12-inch) spring roll wrappers
5 tablespoons butter, melted

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add pine nuts; cook and stir until lightly toasted, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate with a slotted spoon.
Heat remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in the same skillet over medium heat. Add beef; cook, stirring to break up clumps, until no longer pink, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in onion; cook and stir until tender, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from heat; season with cinnamon, allspice, salt, and pepper. Stir in pine nuts.
Cut each spring roll wrapper into three 12x4-inch rectangles. Brush each rectangle lightly with melted butter.
Place a heaping teaspoonful of the beef mixture near the short end of 1 rectangle. Fold 1 corner over to enclose the filling and form a triangle. Continue to fold until the rectangle has been folded into a triangular packet, sealing any holes to prevent filling from oozing out. Dab cold water on the outside fold to seal sambusa closed.
Repeat with remaining spring roll rectangles and beef mixture. Arrange sambusa on the prepared baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until crisp and golden, about 25 minutes.

Submitter: 
Jeanette
Description: 
Stuffed pastry with meat, a Middle Eastern appetizer.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Meat and Poultry
Beef

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
56 m
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
94 calories
8.1
g fat
2.3
g carbohydrates
3.2
g protein
20
mg cholesterol
62
mg sodium.
