URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258745/coconut-lime-curry-vegan-mac-and-cheese/
Title:
Coconut Lime Curry Vegan Mac and Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 (14 ounce) can coconut milk
3 cups water, plus more as needed
1/4 cup vodka
1/2 white onion, chopped
2 poblano peppers, seeded and chopped
1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped
1/2 habanero pepper, seeded and chopped
2 tablespoons white vinegar
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 tablespoon ground turmeric
2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons paprika
2 teaspoons ground cumin
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon ground coriander
1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger
1 teaspoon dried basil
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 cup dry lentils
1/2 cup pearl barley
1 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1 lime, zested and juiced

Directions:
Mix coconut milk, 2 cups water, vodka, onion, poblano peppers, jalapeno pepper, habanero pepper, vinegar, garlic, turmeric, salt, paprika, cumin, black pepper, coriander, ginger, basil, and cinnamon together in a large saucepan. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer soup for 15 minutes.
Stir lentils and barley into the soup; add 1 cup water. Simmer over medium heat, covered, until most of the liquid is absorbed, 5 to 10 minutes. Add additional water 1 cup at a time, as needed, until lentils and barley are nearly tender, about 15 minutes.
Remove from heat; stir in cayenne, lime juice, and lime zest. Let stand for 5 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
fancier atoms
Description: 
This is a cashew-free, nutritional yeast-free, vegan mac and cheese. It's a rich and creamy recipe that feels and tastes just like the real deal. A little better in my opinion. You could use the soup (before adding barley and lentils) as a sauce over rice and beans or tofu. But if you want that creamy, cheesy deliciousness you crave, you'll have to go a few steps further.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Stews

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
282 calories
15
g fat
26.9
g carbohydrates
8.1
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
793
mg sodium.
