URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258732/hot-ube-pandesal-filipino-purple-yam-bread-rolls/
Title:
Hot Ube Pandesal (Filipino Purple Yam Bread Rolls) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7221070.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups 2% milk
1/2 cup unsalted butter
2 eggs
1 teaspoon salt
3 cups bread flour
1 (4 ounce) packet purple yam powder, or more to taste
3 1/2 teaspoons bread machine yeast
1/2 cup unseasoned bread crumbs, or as needed

Directions:
Pour milk into a microwave-safe bowl. Heat in the microwave until warm, about 1 minute.
Place butter in a microwave-safe bowl. Heat in the microwave until melted, about 30 seconds.
Place eggs in a bowl; cover with warm water for 1 minute. Drain and crack into the bowl; beat lightly with a fork.
Place warm milk, melted butter, eggs, salt, bread flour, purple yam powder, and bread machine yeast into a bread machine in the order listed. Run "Dough" cycle.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Transfer dough to a greased bowl. Deflate dough with your fist. Cut into 24 oval pieces. Roll each piece into a ball.
Pour bread crumbs into a shallow plate; roll balls of dough in bread crumbs until coated. Arrange close together, slightly touching, in an ungreased baking pan.
Bake in the preheated oven until tops are golden brown, about 15 minutes.

Submitter: 
Ruby Hernandez
Description: 
What I'm sharing here is my version of the hot pandesal we ate for breakfast as kids and even for merienda (snack time), with hot chocolate or warm milk. I love food with ube flavor thus incorporating it with my favorite breakfast bread. I know there are many pan de sal recipes online but hope you give this a try and let me know what you think. Thank you! Serve hot with or without spread/butter of your choice. For leftovers, warm in a toaster oven before serving for better taste.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Breakfast Bread

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
2 h 28 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
77 calories
4.8
g fat
6.5
g carbohydrates
2
g protein
27
mg cholesterol
136
mg sodium.
