URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258761/focaccia-barese-al-pomodoro-e-olive-homemade-italian-focaccia-with-tomatoes-and-olives/
Title:
Focaccia Barese al Pomodoro e Olive (Homemade Italian Focaccia with Tomatoes and Olives) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5128110.jpg
Ingredients:
1 potato, unpeeled
6 cups bread flour
2 cups lukewarm water, divided
1 tablespoon active dry yeast
2 teaspoons white sugar
1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil, divided
2 tablespoons salt, divided
8 vine tomatoes, halved
1 (6 ounce) can pitted black olives in brine
2 tablespoons water
1 tablespoon dried oregano

Directions:
Place potato into a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold running water.
Peel potato; mash in a large bowl with a fork. Pour in flour and mix well with your fingertips. Rub together until mixture is even and free of lumps.
Combine 1 cup water, yeast, and sugar in a bowl. Mix well and let stand until frothy, about 5 minutes. Stir in 5 tablespoons olive oil.
Pour yeast mixture over flour mixture; mix, adding remaining 1 cup water a little at a time, until a soft dough forms. Mix in 1 tablespoon salt.
Knead dough on a clean work surface until smooth and soft, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer dough to a greased bowl. Cover with a damp cloth; let rise in a warm place until doubled, about 2 hours.
Grease a large rimmed baking sheet with 2 tablespoons olive oil. Place dough on the baking sheet; stretch into the corners. Arrange tomatoes and olives over dough.
Mix remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and 2 tablespoons water together in a bowl. Brush mixture over dough. Sprinkle remaining 1 tablespoon salt on top. Cover with a damp cloth; let rise for 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Bake focaccia on the lower rack of the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Lift up with a fork to check bottom is golden brown. Transfer to the middle rack and bake until top is golden, 10 to 15 minutes more. Sprinkle oregano on top.

Submitter: 
Alemarsi
Description: 
How do you get soft focaccia? The Italian secret is to add one potato to the dough. This foolproof traditional recipe will become the only one you ever need!
Categories:
Bread
Yeast Bread
Flat Bread

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
386 calories
12.3
g fat
58.9
g carbohydrates
10
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
1296
mg sodium.
