URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258767/risotto-ai-funghi-porcini-in-pentola-a-pressione-porcini-mushroom-risotto/
Title:
Risotto ai Funghi Porcini in Pentola a Pressione (Porcini Mushroom Risotto) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5128055.jpg
Ingredients:
4 ounces fresh porcini mushrooms
3 cups beef stock
1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, divided
1 clove garlic, crushed
1 cup white wine, divided
1 bunch fresh parsley, chopped, divided
salt to taste
1 spring onion, finely sliced
1 1/2 cups Arborio rice
3/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese
2 tablespoons butter

Directions:
Brush dirt off porcini mushrooms with a clean cloth or vegetable brush. Slice into bite-sized pieces.
Pour beef stock into a saucepan over low heat. Cover and keep warm.
Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Cook garlic until lightly golden, about 1 minute. Stir in mushrooms; cook until slightly softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour in 1/2 cup wine; cook until alcohol evaporates, 3 to 5 minutes. Continue cooking until mushrooms are tender but still firm, adding a little beef stock if they look dry, about 10 minutes.
Remove skillet from heat; sprinkle half the parsley over mushrooms. Season with salt. Cover and keep warm.
Heat remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a stovetop pressure cooker. Cook spring onion until softened, about 1 minute. Add Arborio rice; cook and stir until toasted and coated with oil, 2 to 3 minutes. Increase heat and pour in remaining 1/2 cup wine; simmer until alcohol has evaporated and rice has absorbed most of the wine, about 2 minutes.
Stir beef stock into the pressure cooker. Seal according to manufacturer's instructions. Increase heat to high; cook until cooker whistles, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to low and cook for 4 minutes.
Remove cooker from heat and release pressure according to manufacturer's instructions. Remove the lid. Fold mushroom mixture, with 1 to 2 tablespoons cooking liquid, into the rice. Stir in Parmesan cheese and butter. Let stand for 2 to 3 minutes. Sprinkle remaining parsley on top.

Submitter: 
miche
Description: 
Porcini are the most flavorful mushrooms you can find. This risotto recipe explains how to make the risotto the traditional way, as well as in a pressure cooker. With a pressure cooker, you can have this authentic Italian risotto ready after just 4 minutes of cooking!
Categories:
Main Dish
Rice
Risotto

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
47 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
644 calories
25
g fat
75.8
g carbohydrates
15.9
g protein
28
mg cholesterol
389
mg sodium.
