URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258746/curried-short-ribs---nontraditional-nihari/
Title:
Curried Short Ribs - Nontraditional Nihari Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
4 pounds bone-in beef short ribs
1 pound beef bone marrow
5 tablespoons canola oil, divided
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 cup minced onion
2 tablespoons ginger garlic paste
2 tablespoons tomato paste
3 tablespoons curry powder
2 tablespoons ground paprika
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 (32 ounce) carton beef stock
8 allspice berries, or more to taste
2 bay leaves
1 tablespoon garam masala
2 limes, cut into wedges
1 bunch cilantro, chopped, or to taste
2 serrano peppers, sliced into rings, or to taste
1 (1 inch) piece fresh ginger, cut into matchsticks, or to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C).
Pat short ribs and bone marrow dry with paper towels. Drizzle 1 tablespoon canola oil on top; season with salt and pepper.
Preheat a Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Cook short ribs and bone marrow in batches until browned, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a large plate, reserving melted beef fat in the Dutch oven.
Heat 1/4 canola oil in the Dutch oven over medium heat. Add onion; cook and stir until softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in tomato paste and ginger garlic paste; cook for 2 minutes. Stir in curry powder and paprika; cook for 2 minutes.
Reduce heat to medium. Add flour to the onion mixture, stirring constantly. Pour in beef stock, stirring to break up any clumps that form. Add allspice berries and bay leaves. Return ribs and bone marrow to the Dutch oven, ensuring they are immersed in the stock. Bring to a boil; sprinkle garam masala over the top. Cover Dutch oven tightly.
Bake in the preheated oven until meat falls off the bone when pulled with a fork, 3 1/2 to 4 hours. Garnish with lime wedges, cilantro, serrano peppers, and ginger.

Submitter: 
Amin
Description: 
Indian-style slow-cooked short ribs.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Indian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
4 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
795 calories
65.2
g fat
15.8
g carbohydrates
34
g protein
212
mg cholesterol
314
mg sodium.
