URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258749/fresh-strawberry-tart/?src=VD_Summary
Title:
Fresh Strawberry Tart Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4528774.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (8 ounce) ball sweet pastry dough
Sweet Cheese Mixture:
1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, room temperature
2 tablespoons creme fraiche
2 tablespoons white sugar
1 large egg yolk
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon grated lemon zest
Strawberries:
1 pound fresh ripe strawberries, hulled, halved
Glaze:
1/4 cup apricot jam
2 teaspoons water

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Place pastry dough on a lightly floured work surface. Roll out dough to a round disk about 1/8-inch thick and 12 inches in diameter. Transfer to prepared baking sheet.
Brush outside 2 inches around the edges of circle lightly with water. Tightly curl up a bit of the edge of the dough to give it a rounder shape with a slightly thickened edge. If some edges are thicker than others, pinch off excess and add to thinner edges forming a circle with even edges. Roll each edge again just once to make the edges thick enough to crimp. Crimp crust with your floured fingers.
Use a fork to "dock" the bottom surface, covering it with tiny holes to prevent the dough from bubbling up as it bakes.
Bake in preheated oven until golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool about 10 minutes. Do not turn off the oven.
Place cream cheese, creme fraiche, egg yolk, sugar, salt, vanilla, and lemon zest in mixing bowl. Mix together thoroughly. Carefully pour a thin layer of mixture evenly into pastry shell (you may not need all the cheese mixture).
Transfer filled tart to oven. Bake until cheese layer is set and crust is browned, about 20 minutes. Let tart cool completely to room temperature before adding berries.
Arrange berries cut side down, pointy end out starting with the larger berries around the edges. You can lean strawberries up a bit as your work your way toward the center. Cut some berry halves in half again to fit into any gaps on the cheese layer.
Place apricot jam and 2 teaspoons water in saucepan. Heat over low heat until thin enough to brush. Let cool slightly before brushing generously over all berries and crust. Transfer tart to serving plate.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
This free-form strawberry tart in a buttercrust pastry is thickly glazed and beautiful. You can use a tart pan, but going free-form is kind of fun. Be sure to use perfectly ripe, sweet strawberries.
Categories:
Desserts
Pies
Tarts
Fruit Tarts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.33333349227905
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
2 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
641 calories
37.3
g fat
67.6
g carbohydrates
8.7
g protein
123
mg cholesterol
595
mg sodium.
