URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258879/kewa-datshi-bhutanese-dish/
Title:
Kewa Datshi (Bhutanese Dish) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons vegetable oil, or as desired
4 chile peppers, slit and coarsely chopped, or more to taste
6 cloves garlic, minced
1 onion, diced
2 potatoes, peeled and cubed
3 cups water, or more if needed
1/2 teaspoon chile pepper powder
salt or to taste
1 cup grated fresh cheese
1 pinch red pepper flakes, or to taste (optional)

Directions:
Heat oil in a pot over medium heat; cook and stir chile peppers and garlic until golden and fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Add onion; cook and stir until translucent, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir potatoes into onion mixture until potatoes are coated in oil.
Pour water over potato mixture and season with chile pepper powder and salt. Bring to a boil; reduce heat and simmer until potatoes are tender, adding more water if needed but keeping the gravy thick, 10 to 15 minutes.
Reduce heat to low and sprinkle fresh cheese over the gravy; slowly stir until cheese melts and spreads evenly, about 5 minutes. Garnish dish with red pepper flakes.

Submitter: 
Shruti
Description: 
Not the best picture, I know, but it tastes sooo good! Kewa Datshi - literally meaning potatoes and cheese - is a delicious thick gravy-like Bhutanese dish that is made up of potatoes, chiles, and cheese. Serve it like a soup or along with rice! I had it for the first time when I visited Bhutan and fell in live with its flavors. This is my recreation of that dish and tastes almost the same. An authentic kewa datshi is very spicy but in this recipe I have toned it down as I cannot handle that much spice. But you can adjust the amount of chiles to your liking. Enjoy!
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Stews

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
47 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
538 calories
24.5
g fat
61.1
g carbohydrates
22.2
g protein
40
mg cholesterol
279
mg sodium.
