URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258826/zucchini-fettuccine-with-cauliflower-alfredo-and-peas/
Title:
Zucchini Fettuccine with Cauliflower Alfredo and Peas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7092051.jpg
Ingredients:
1 head cauliflower, broken into florets
4 zucchinis, ends trimmed
2 tablespoons vegetable oil, or as needed
2 cloves garlic, minced
1/2 cup unsweetened almond milk
1 lemon, juiced
2 tablespoons flax seeds
1 teaspoon dried parsley
1 teaspoon dried basil
3/4 teaspoon kosher salt
1/2 teaspoon ground white pepper
1/2 teaspoon peeled and grated fresh turmeric root
1/4 teaspoon sriracha sauce
4 cups fresh baby spinach
1 cup frozen petite peas
1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Place cauliflower in a pot with water to cover; bring to a boil. Cook until tender, about 6 minutes. Drain; transfer to a food processor.
Cut zucchini into noodles using a spiralizer.
Heat oil in a skillet over medium-low heat. Add garlic; cook and stir for 1 minute. Transfer garlic to the food processor, reserving oil in the skillet. Add almond milk, lemon juice, flax seeds, parsley, basil, salt, pepper, turmeric, and sriracha sauce to the food processor; blend until smooth.
Heat reserved oil in the skillet. Toss in zucchini noodles; cook and stir using tongs, 3 to 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add spinach and stir until wilted, about 2 minutes. Add peas; cook and stir until heated through, about 2 minutes.
Transfer zucchini noodle mixture to a large bowl. Pour in almond milk sauce and toss to combine. Garnish with Parmesan cheese.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
If you know me, then you should expect peas in my pasta dishes. I created this dish using my favorite combination of vegetables! This dish is super delicious. I bet adding chicken or shrimp to this dish would be very good. 

Due to my new love for turmeric, I decided to add some into this dish. Yum. Garnish with fresh herbs.
Categories:
Fruits and Vegetables
Vegetables
Squash

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
39 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
189 calories
11.7
g fat
16.6
g carbohydrates
8.5
g protein
4
mg cholesterol
552
mg sodium.
