URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258851/chocolate-banana-cake-with-peanut-butter-cream-cheese-frosting/
Title:
Chocolate Banana Cake with Peanut Butter Cream Cheese Frosting Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
cooking spray
1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
3/4 cup white sugar
1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
2 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 large bananas, mashed
3/4 cup buttermilk
1/2 cup egg whites
1/3 cup unsweetened applesauce
1 egg
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Frosting:
1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese (such as Philadelphia®)
1/4 cup creamy peanut butter
1/4 cup confectioners' sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 banana, sliced

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease two 8-inch baking pans with cooking spray.
Combine all-purpose flour, white sugar, whole wheat flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl.
Stir mashed bananas, buttermilk, egg whites, applesauce, egg, and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract together in a separate bowl. Add gradually to the flour mixture, mixing until batter is just combined.
Divide batter evenly between the prepared cake pans.
Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 30 to 35 minutes. Cool in the pans for 30 minutes.
Combine cream cheese, peanut butter, confectioners' sugar, and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract in a large bowl; beat with an electric mixer until frosting is creamy.
Run a rubber spatula around the edges of the cooled cakes. Grease a baking sheet lightly with cooking spray. Invert cake pans onto the baking sheet; tap bottoms lightly to release cakes.
Spread frosting onto the cake layers. Stack layers; frost top and sides. Cut into 8 slices. Garnish with banana slices.

Submitter: 
CaSaundraLeigh
Description: 
Inspired by Elvis's famous peanut butter banana sandwich, I took this to the next level by incorporating the flavors into a moist and simple cake. But who can have a cake without frosting? Not me! A creamy peanut butter cream cheese frosting tops this off and makes it my one-of-a-kind cake filled with four favorite flavors. I think Elvis would be proud!
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Banana Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
427 calories
15.6
g fat
63.8
g carbohydrates
11.9
g protein
55
mg cholesterol
526
mg sodium.
