URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258956/korean-sweet-potato-noodles-japchae/
Title:
Korean Sweet Potato Noodles (Japchae) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5472492.jpg
Ingredients:
Steak Marinade:
1/4 cup soy sauce
4 teaspoons mirin (Japanese sweet wine)
1 tablespoon sesame oil
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 pound flank steak, sliced across the grain
Noodle Sauce:
1/4 tablespoon soy sauce
2 tablespoons honey
1 tablespoon sesame oil
1 pinch ground black pepper
8 ounces Korean sweet potato noodles (dangmyun)
1 egg
2 cups baby spinach, or more to taste
1 teaspoon light olive oil
1 large carrot, cut into matchsticks
1/2 onion, sliced

Directions:
Combine 1/4 cup soy sauce, mirin, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, garlic, and 1 teaspoon pepper in a bowl. Add steak; stir to coat. Marinate for at least 30 minutes.
Combine 1/4 cup soy sauce, honey, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, and 1 pinch pepper in a large bowl; stir sauce well.
Fill a large pot with water and bring to a rolling boil; stir in noodles and return to a boil. Cook uncovered, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Drain. Add noodles to sauce; toss to coat.
Whisk egg in a bowl. Heat a skillet over medium-low heat; pour in egg. Cook until firm, about 1 minute per side. Slice into strips.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add spinach and cook, uncovered, until just bright green, about 1 minute. Drain in a colander and immediately immerse in ice water for several minutes to stop the cooking process. Drain.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add carrot and onion; saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in steak and marinade; cook until tender, 5 to 8 minutes. Stir in spinach. Add noodles and egg; cook and stir until well combined and heated through, about 2 minutes.

Submitter: 
A Day In the Kitchen
Description: 
If you like Asian-inspired noodle dishes, you will love Korean japchae. You would never know that these satisfying noodles are made from sweet potatoes and are gluten free! Serve with kimchi as a garnish.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
283 calories
9.9
g fat
33
g carbohydrates
14.2
g protein
48
mg cholesterol
910
mg sodium.
