URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258975/thai-inspired-fried-rice/
Title:
Thai-Inspired Fried Rice Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F6984255.jpg
Ingredients:
1 large skinless, boneless chicken breast, ground
¼ cup butter, divided
1  red onion, chopped
1 tablespoon garlic, minced
½ cup roughly chopped pineapple, drained and juice reserved
4 cups cooked white rice, or more to taste
½ cup chopped fresh cilantro, divided
¼ cup sweet and sour sauce
3 tablespoons teriyaki sauce
2 tablespoons soy sauce
2 tablespoons white sugar
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Heat a small skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir chicken until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 5 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Heat 2 tablespoons butter in a large wok over medium heat; stir in onion and garlic. Cook and stir until softened and onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in the cooked chicken, pineapple, and 3 tablespoons pineapple juice, 1 to 2 minutes. Add rice, 4 tablespoons cilantro, and the remaining 2 tablespoons butter; cook and stir until thoroughly mixed, about 5 minutes.
Pour sweet and sour sauce, teriyaki sauce, soy sauce, sugar, salt, and pepper into the rice mixture. Cook and stir to combine, 5 to 8 minutes. Mix in the remaining 4 tablespoons cilantro, 1 to 2 minutes.

Submitter: 
kitkate
Description: 
This amazing fried rice dish is sure to knock family and friends off of their feet! It will make them think you are a 5-star chef! It mixes sweet and savory in a perfect blend that you will love. You can add or take away to adjust to your favorite flavors...you just can't go wrong with this one!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
47 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
230 calories
6.8
g fat
33.1
g carbohydrates
8.7
g protein
30
mg cholesterol
588
mg sodium.
