URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258945/chicken-with-greek-style-vegetables/
Title:
Chicken with Greek-Style Vegetables Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
⅔ cup olive oil
3 tablespoons lemon juice, divided
3 tablespoons water
2 teaspoons Italian seasoning
4 teaspoons lemon zest, divided
½ teaspoon oregano
salt and ground black pepper to taste
3 large tomatoes, seeded and thinly sliced
1 large English cucumber, thinly sliced
2  green bell pepper, cut into rings
½ small red onion, thinly sliced
¼ cup artichoke hearts, drained and chopped
2 cloves garlic, pressed
4  pita bread rounds
4  chicken breasts, cut into bite-size pieces

Directions:
Preheat grill for medium heat and lightly oil the grate.
Combine olive oil, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, water, 2 teaspoons Italian seasoning, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, oregano, salt, and pepper in a bowl.
Place cucumber, green pepper, red onion, artichoke hearts, and garlic in a large bowl. Toss salad to distribute evenly. Cut each pita bread round into 4 to 5 slices.
Toast pita bread on the preheated grill until slight grill marks appear, about 4 minutes.
Place chicken in a grill pan and coat with the remaining 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, salt, and pepper. Transfer the pan to the grill.
Grill the chicken until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 5 to 10 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Arrange chicken, salad, and pita bread on a serving plate and enjoy sandwich-style or as individual components.

Submitter: 
teenxxchef
Description: 
Grilled chicken with vegetables, topped with Greek salad dressing. The chicken cooks well in grill pans or panini makers, because it is cut into pita-sized pieces.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
44 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
641 calories
39.9
g fat
41.9
g carbohydrates
30.7
g protein
65
mg cholesterol
386
mg sodium.
