URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/258970/vegan-broccoli-quiche/
Title:
Vegan Broccoli Quiche Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
cooking spray
6 tablespoons water, divided
1 tablespoon ground flax seeds
1 cup almond meal
1 cup oat flour
1 teaspoon dried parsley
1 teaspoon dried oregano
½ teaspoon kosher salt
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 (12 ounce) package frozen chopped broccoli
1 tablespoon coconut oil
1  yellow onion, chopped
1 teaspoon minced garlic
2 (12.3 ounce) packages light firm silken tofu (such as Mori-Nu(<sup>&reg;</sup>))
½ cup plain vegan yogurt
½ cup nutritional yeast
⅓ cup mirin
¼ cup white miso
3 tablespoons lemon juice
¼ teaspoon ground nutmeg
¼ teaspoon ground turmeric
⅓ cup vegan bacon bits

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9-inch deep-dish pie plate lightly with cooking spray.
Mix 3 tablespoons water and flax seeds together in a bowl. Let stand until thickened, about 5 minutes.
Combine almond meal, oat flour, parsley, oregano, and salt in a bowl. Stir in flax mixture and oil with a fork. Add remaining 3 tablespoons water; mix until a piece of dough holds together when squeezed. Press dough over the bottom and up the sides of the pie plate. Prick with a fork in several places.
Bake in the preheated oven until pale golden, about 15 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool completely. Increase oven temperature to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Place broccoli in a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave until tender, about 7 minutes.
Melt coconut oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onion and garlic; cook and stir until garlic is just starting to brown, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a bowl.
Combine tofu, yogurt, nutritional yeast, mirin, miso, lemon juice, nutmeg, and turmeric in a blender; blend on high, stopping to scrape down the sides, until smooth. Pour over onion mixture in the bowl.
Stir broccoli and bacon bits into the tofu-onion mixture. Pour into the crust.
Bake in the preheated oven until center is set, about 1 hour. Let rest for 20 minutes before slicing.

Submitter: 
Deselle
Description: 
Gluten-free and vegan quiche. This quiche has a nice punch of protein to carry you through the day. It takes a while to make but it is tasty enough for non-vegans to enjoy. Nice with a side of cherries or grapes.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
2 hrs 15 mins
Number of servings: 
25 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
303 calories
14.8
g fat
27.1
g carbohydrates
18.5
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
559
mg sodium.
