URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259069/sophias-puerto-rican-style-seafood-stew-asopado-de-mariscos/
Title:
Sophia's Puerto Rican Style Seafood Stew (Asopado de Mariscos) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 cups water
1 cup white rice
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 onion, finely diced
1 green bell pepper, finely diced
2 tomatoes, diced
1 bunch fresh cilantro, chopped
2 bay leaves
2 garlic cloves, finely chopped
1 cup white wine
1 pound firm white fish fillets (cod, haddock or halibut), cut into 1-inch pieces
1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined
1 pinch saffron
Salt and fresh-ground black pepper
4 cups seafood stock, divided
12 littleneck clams, scrubbed and rinsed
12 mussels, cleaned and debearded

Directions:
Bring water and rice to a boil in a saucepan. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until rice is tender and liquid has been absorbed, 20 to 25 minutes.
Heat olive oil in a stock pot over medium heat. Add onion; cook and stir until slightly softened, about 2 minutes. Stir in green peppers and cook 2 minutes. Add tomatoes, cilantro, and bay leaves; saute 2 minutes. Stir in garlic and saute until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Pour in white wine, bring to a boil, and cook until wine is reduced by half. about 3 minutes. Reduce heat to medium low.
Place white fish and shrimp into pot and gently simmer until fish starts to turn white, about 5 minutes. Season with saffron, salt, and pepper. Add 2 cups seafood stock, clams, and mussels and cook 5 minutes. Pour in remaining 2 cups seafood stock. Simmer until flavors are combined and seafood is cooked through, 20 to 30 minutes.
Spoon rice into stew by tablespoons until stew has reached your desired thickness. Season with salt and pepper and simmer for 5 more minutes.

Submitter: 
Sophia Del Carmen
Description: 
Savory and hearty. Perfect for seafood lovers. You don't necessarily have to use the seafood I chose to use.  I recommend using seafood that is fresh to your area. I prefer to use homemade stock, but, store bought works just as well. Contact me if you have any questions or would like something further explained. Feliz Provecho!
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Stews
Seafood

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
437 calories
7
g fat
35.6
g carbohydrates
47.7
g protein
160
mg cholesterol
1279
mg sodium.
