URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259035/habanero-berry-jam/
Title:
Habanero Berry Jam Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup water
1/2 teaspoon calcium phosphorus powder
2 teaspoons low methoxyl pectin with calcium (such as Pomona's Universal Pectin ®)
1 1/2 cups sugar
4 cups mashed mixed berries (raspberries, blueberries, blackberries)
1/4 cup lemon juice
1 habanero pepper, diced, or more to taste

Directions:
Immerse 5 (8-ounce) jars in simmering water until jam is ready, or at least 10 minutes. Wash lids and rings in warm soapy water.
Combine  1/2 cup of water and 1/2 teaspoon calcium powder in a small jar with a lid to make calcium water. (Note: you will use just 2 teaspoons calcium water for 4 cups mashed fruit. Store the remainder in the refrigerator and use within 6 months.)
Mix pectin powder and sugar in a bowl. Place mashed berries, 2 teaspoons calcium water, lemon juice, and habanero pepper in a medium-sized pot and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Once berry mixture is boiling, add sugar mixture and stir vigorously for two minutes. Bring back to a boil and remove from heat.
Ladle jam into hot, sterilized jars, filling to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a clean knife or thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars 2 inches apart into the boiling water using a holder. Pour in more boiling water to cover jars by at least 1 inch. Bring the water to a rolling boil, cover the pot, and process for 10 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool. Press the top of each lid with a finger, ensuring that the seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). Store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
RootedRedwood
Description: 
This was my first try at making homemade jam and I can't believe how good it came out. I made up my own recipe after being unable to find this recipe here. If you like a spicy jam that goes best on crackers/bread with brie or cream cheese - this is the jam for you!
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Jams and Jellies

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
1 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
80
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
18 calories
0
g fat
4.6
g carbohydrates
0.1
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
< 1
mg sodium.
