URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259024/paleo-meatloaf-with-egg-in-the-middle/
Title:
Paleo Meatloaf with Egg in the Middle Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1 small yellow onion, roughly chopped
4 cloves garlic
½ cup flat-leaf parsley leaves
⅔ cup almond meal
2  eggs, beaten
2 tablespoons tomato paste
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
2 teaspoons kosher salt
1 teaspoon paprika
¾ teaspoon ground black pepper
½ teaspoon dried oregano
1 ½ pounds lean ground beef
1 pound ground pork
3  hard-boiled eggs, or more to taste
2 tablespoons tomato paste
2 teaspoons ghee (clarified butter)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place the onion and garlic in a food processor; pulse until onion is finely chopped but not watery. Transfer to a large bowl. Puree parsley in the food processor; add to the bowl. Mix in almond meal, beaten eggs, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, Worcestershire sauce, salt, paprika, black pepper, and oregano. Add ground beef and pork; mix gently by hand until just combined.
Place half of the ground meat mixture in a loaf pan. Press down until well-packed. Make a shallow well in the center; fill with hard-boiled eggs. Pat the remaining ground meat mixture down on top, squeezing out any air pockets.
Stir 2 tablespoons tomato paste and ghee together in a small bowl. Spread an even layer of the topping over the meatloaf. Place the loaf pan on a baking sheet.
Bake on the center rack of the preheated oven until no longer pink in the center, about 1 hour 30 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C).
Cool meatloaf until slightly shrunk and pulled away from the sides, at least 15 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board using 2 sturdy spatulas. Slice and serve.

Submitter: 
littlewing789
Description: 
Mom's old-fashioned meatloaf, paleo-style.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
2 hrs 10 mins
Number of servings: 
15 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
394 calories
25.8
g fat
6.9
g carbohydrates
33.1
g protein
211
mg cholesterol
683
mg sodium.
