URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259005/chicken-saltimbocca-meatloaf/
Title:
Chicken Saltimbocca Meatloaf Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F3761512.jpg
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, or to taste
6 cups baby spinach
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 ½ teaspoons kosher salt, divided
1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, divided
5 slices prosciutto, thinly sliced
1 tablespoon unsalted butter
2 cups sliced mushrooms
1 pound ground chicken
½ cup almond meal
¼ cup grated Parmesan cheese (optional)
1  egg
1 tablespoon Italian seasoning
2 cups low-sodium chicken broth
2 tablespoons arrowroot powder

Directions:
Heat an oven-safe skillet over medium heat. Add 2 tablespoons olive oil and spinach; toss until almost wilted, about 1 minute. Stir in garlic, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper until just combined, about 30 seconds. Transfer cooked spinach to a bowl.
Cook prosciutto in the same skillet over medium heat, breaking apart with tongs, until brown but not crispy, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from skillet and place in a small bowl.
Melt butter in the skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir mushrooms until softened, about 5 minutes. Remove and place mushrooms in a bowl.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Combine ground chicken, almond meal, Parmesan cheese, Italian seasoning, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in a bowl using a fork. Mix by hand and divide the mixture in half. Flatten each portion to 1/2-inch thickness by pressing down with the palm of your hand. Top with cooked spinach and prosciutto. Roll each portion into a loaf, sealing the spinach and prosciutto inside.
Grease the skillet with the remaining 1 tablespoon oil. Add meat loaves.
Place skillet in the preheated oven and bake until meat loaves are no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 35 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Whisk chicken broth and arrowroot powder together in a large glass measuring cup. Microwave for 2 minutes. Remove skillet from the oven and pour in the broth and cooked mushrooms. Continue baking until liquid is reduced, about 15 minutes.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
Oh my god! is my first reaction.  I love chicken saltimbocca but it's something you need to make and eat immediately. I decided to make it an entire day in advance and this was simply amazing. 

My husband does not like the word meatloaf! However, every time I make him one he loves it, including this recipe. I used all of the ingredients as my chicken saltimbocca but used ground chicken. Enjoy this delicious paleo dish today (or tomorrow). You can make just 1 loaf or up to 4 mini loaves! You pick.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 31 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
452 calories
26
g fat
12.5
g carbohydrates
43.1
g protein
142
mg cholesterol
1331
mg sodium.
