URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259044/mofongo-with-chicken/
Title:
Mofongo with Chicken Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
¾ pound chicken breasts
2 (14.5 ounce) cans chicken broth
4  green plantains, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch chunks
2 tablespoons salt
8 thick slices bacon
1 cup oil for frying
1 ½ tablespoons freshly minced garlic
1 pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro

Directions:
Place chicken in a pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil; reduce heat to low and simmer until tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain and cool until easily handled, about 5 minutes. Shred.
Pour chicken broth into a saucepan over medium heat. Cover and keep warm.
Place plantains and salt in a bowl of cold water. Let soak for 5 minutes. Drain and blot dry with a paper towel.
Place bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain bacon slices on paper towels. Crumble into small pieces.
Heat 1 inch oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Fry plantains in batches until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes per batch. Drain on paper towels.
Smash plantains with the bottom of an empty chicken broth can. Fry again until crispy, 1 to 2 minutes more. Drain; blot with paper towels.
Transfer plantains to a large bowl. Add bacon and garlic; mash together. Fill an empty chicken broth can halfway with mashed mixture. Press down until firmly packed. Invert can onto a plate; tap until mofongo slides onto the plate. Repeat with remaining mashed mixture.
Cover mofongos with shredded chicken and warmed broth. Season with salt and pepper. Garnish with cilantro.

Submitter: 
Wenani97
Description: 
Inspired from a vacation in Puerto Rico, this recipe is a blending of many mofongo recipes found online. I combined several recipes until I found the right one for me. I hope you enjoy it as much as I do.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 3 mins
Number of servings: 
10 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
507 calories
18.8
g fat
59.4
g carbohydrates
29.2
g protein
76
mg cholesterol
5019
mg sodium.
