URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259010/grilled-stuffed-duckling/
Title:
Grilled Stuffed Duckling Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1 cup couscous
3 ½ tablespoons butter, or as needed, divided
1 cup finely chopped white onion
½ cup diced mushrooms
4  serrano peppers, diced, or more to taste
cayenne pepper
1  whole duckling - thawed, neck and giblets removed, rinsed
1 ½ teaspoons dried basil, or to taste
sea salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Bring water to a boil in a saucepan; remove from heat and stir couscous into the water. Cover saucepan and let stand until water is absorbed completely, about 10 minutes. Fluff couscous with a fork.
Heat 1 1/2 tablespoons butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add onion, mushrooms, and serrano peppers; cook and stir until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Mix in the cooked couscous and cayenne pepper.
Fill the duckling's cavity with the couscous mixture. Spread 1 tablespoon butter in a thin layer over the duckling's skin. Rub skin with basil, salt, and pepper. Wrap in aluminum foil.
Preheat grill for medium heat, about 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Lightly oil the grate.
Place duckling on grill and cook for about 30 minutes, turning once. Remove foil; continue grilling, turning occasionally and basting with butter each time. Cook until no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, 25 to 30 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh, near the bone should read 180 degrees F (82 degrees C).
Remove the duckling from the grill, cover with a doubled sheet of aluminum foil, and allow to rest in a warm area for 10 minutes before slicing. Spoon out the couscous and serve alongside the duckling.

Submitter: 
Tina
Description: 
I love to barbeque everything. I searched far and wide for a recipe on how to grill a whole duckling on the grill and found nothing. So, I came up with this basic, easy recipe that works best when grilled on a gas-powered grill. Any residual drippings would make a delicious gravy to serve on top the final product; or make gravy with the neck and giblets.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 40 mins
Number of servings: 
10 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
321 calories
13.1
g fat
38.4
g carbohydrates
12.3
g protein
51
mg cholesterol
182
mg sodium.
