URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259141/suyins-shrimp-toast/
Title:
Suyin's Shrimp Toast Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
5 slices white bread
1 egg, beaten
1/4 cup diced celery
2 tablespoons chopped parsley
1 tablespoon low-sodium soy sauce
1 tablespoon rice vinegar
1 tablespoon cornstarch
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon sesame oil
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/4 teaspoon Chinese five-spice powder
1 pinch red pepper flakes, or more to taste
1/2 pound raw shrimp, peeled and deveined
1/4 (8 ounce) can sliced water chestnuts, drained
2 large green onions, chopped
1 large clove garlic, minced
1 (3/4 inch thick) slice fresh ginger, peeled, or more to taste
1 teaspoon sesame seeds
6 cups peanut oil for frying
5 teaspoons sweet red chili sauce, or to taste

Directions:
Heat oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lay bread slices on a tray.
Combine egg, celery, parsley, soy sauce, rice vinegar, cornstarch, salt, sesame oil, garlic powder, baking powder, black pepper, five-spice powder, and red pepper flakes in a bowl. Mix well.
Place shrimp, water chestnuts, green onions, garlic, and ginger in a food processor. Pulse into a chunky paste. Stir into the egg mixture until combined.
Place a generous dollop of the shrimp paste on each piece of bread; spread evenly towards the crusts using the back of a spoon. Sprinkle sesame seeds on top, pressing them into the paste. Cut each bread slice into 2 to 4 triangles.
Fry bread slices, paste side-down, in the preheated oil, until edges are golden brown, about 2 minutes. Turn bread over and fry until other side is crisp, about 1 minute. Transfer to a paper towel-lined tray to drain. Serve with sweet chili sauce.

Submitter: 
Cheryl Jordan-Stribling
Description: 
I love shrimp toast from the Chinese restaurants. Some restaurants make them really well and some do not. I love to cook and wanted to give it a try. I set out my search for a good tasting recipe. After trying several, I came up with my own! My recipe will knock your socks off! I have to stop myself from eating them before I finish my batch.
Categories:
Side Dish

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
48 m
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
111 calories
8.5
g fat
6.1
g carbohydrates
2.9
g protein
25
mg cholesterol
259
mg sodium.
