URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/25928/go-girl-hot-szechwan-chicken/
Title:
Go Girl Hot Szechwan Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F611916.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cloves garlic, finely chopped
1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh ginger root
1 teaspoon chile paste
½ cup orange juice
1 tablespoon sherry (optional)
2 tablespoons soy sauce
2 teaspoons cider vinegar
1 teaspoon white sugar
2 teaspoons cornstarch
2 tablespoons cold water
2 tablespoons peanut oil, divided
4  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - cut into strips
6  green onions, chopped into 1 inch pieces
2  green bell peppers, cut into 1 inch pieces
1 small onion, diced
1 tablespoon grated orange zest
⅓ cup finely chopped peanuts

Directions:
In a small bowl combine the garlic, ginger and chile paste. Mix together and set aside. In a second bowl mix together the orange juice, sherry, soy sauce and vinegar and sugar. In a third bowl combine the cornstarch with the water and mix until dissolved.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over medium high heat. Saute chicken for about 3 minutes, until browned. Remove from skillet and set aside.
Heat 1 teaspoon oil in skillet and saute green onion, bell pepper and onion for about 3 minutes. Stir in garlic/ginger mixture and saute for 1 minute, stirring constantly. Add chicken and orange juice mixture and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Finally, stir in orange zest and cornstarch mixture. Heat through, stirring slowly, until sauce is clear and thick. Sprinkle with peanuts and serve.

Submitter: 
Marie-Lyne
Description: 
Go girl, this is HOT. If it is too hot, just cut down on ingredients that make a dish more spicy (like onions, green onions, chilies or chili paste).
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
23 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.91
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
30 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
331 calories
14.7
g fat
18.5
g carbohydrates
32.2
g protein
68
mg cholesterol
568
mg sodium.
