URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259266/tiramisu-allestate-semplice/
Title:
Tiramisu All'estate Semplice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6468810.jpg
Ingredients:
Glazed Fruits:
1/4 cup white sugar, divided, or more to taste
1/4 cup Pinot Grigio wine, divided
3 strawberries, sliced, or more to taste
3 blueberries
3 raspberries
1 teaspoon freshly squeezed orange juice
Mascarpone Cream:
1/2 cup mascarpone cheese
1/4 cup heavy whipping cream
2 tablespoons white sugar
1 tablespoon vanilla extract
Soaking Liquid:
1/2 cup strong peach-flavored iced tea
10 ladyfinger cookies, broken in half, or more as needed
Dusting:
1 tablespoon grated white chocolate, or as needed (optional)
1 tablespoon confectioners' sugar, or as needed (optional)

Directions:
Combine 1/4 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons wine, strawberries, blueberries, raspberries, and orange juice in a small bowl. Toss to coat the berries.
Combine mascarpone cheese and heavy cream carefully in a separate bowl using a spoon or whisk. Add 2 tablespoons sugar and vanilla extract. Beat mixture together in a bowl using an electric mixer until creamy and smooth.
Mix the remaining 2 tablespoons wine and peach tea together in a separate bowl. Dip each ladyfinger in the liquid once until coated but not extra soggy.
Spoon a dollop of the mascarpone cream onto the bottom of a serving cup. Arrange a few ladyfingers to cover the bottom. Layer berries on top. Dollop on more mascarpone cream. Repeat to make a second layer. Repeat with each serving cup.
Rap the bottom of each cup against the counter to expel excess air bubbles. Cover cups with plastic wrap; refrigerate tiramisu until cool and firm, 8 hours to overnight. Dust tops with white chocolate and confectioners' sugar.

Submitter: 
bobbyvay
Description: 
This is a summer take on tiramisu, which I was commissioned to make a recipe of by a friend. It will produce a beautiful no-bake dessert if you follow this recipe. This is the simple version of this recipe. It will make enough for about 2 large servings or 4 small ones. It's best to serve it in cup or small bowl.
Categories:
Desserts
Specialty Desserts
Tiramisu

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
8 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
271 calories
14.6
g fat
29.5
g carbohydrates
3.7
g protein
78
mg cholesterol
44
mg sodium.
