URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259265/pan-galactic-gargle-blaster/
Title:
Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4553265.jpg
Ingredients:
1 sugar cube
1 drop bitters
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 3/4 teaspoons warm water
3 fluid ounces gin
2 fluid ounces tequila
1 lemon-lime-flavored immune support effervescent tablet (such as Emergen-C®)
1 fluid ounce peppermint schnapps
crushed ice, as desired
1 olive

Directions:
Place sugar cube on a small vessel. Drop bitters on top; let soak to produce an Algolian suntiger tooth.
Fuse salt and water together in a concave apparatus until dissolved to yield Santraginus V sea water.
Combine the Santraginus V sea water, Arcturan Mega-gin (gin), and O'l Janx Spirit (tequila) in a serving vessel. Release Fallian marsh gas (effervescent tablet) into the solution. Decant Qualactin Hypermint extract (schnapps) over the back of a spoon held just above the liquid's surface.
Transfer the Algolian Suntiger tooth into the concoction; let dissolve. Stir in Zamphuor (ice) to decrease the temperature to 32 degrees F (0 degrees C). Funnel an olive into the final product. 'Drink... but... very carefully...'

Submitter: 
ChefGbreasy
Description: 
Prepare to be blasted in the cosmos with the force of a thousand asteroids by the unstable, universally feared Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster.
As described by Douglas Adams in 'The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy,' The Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster is an alcoholic beverage invented by ex-President of the Universe Zaphod Beeblebrox, considered by the Guide to be the 'Best Drink in Existence.' Its effects are similar to 'having your brains smashed in by a slice of lemon wrapped round a large gold brick.' 
Beeblebrox advised that you should 'never drink more than two Pan Galactic Gargle Blasters unless you are a thirty ton mega elephant with bronchial pneumonia.'
Categories:
Drinks
Shots

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3.5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
10 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
237 calories
0.3
g fat
8.2
g carbohydrates
0
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
315
mg sodium.
