URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259300/sopa-de-tortilla-real-mexican-tortilla-soup/
Title:
Sopa de Tortilla (Real Mexican Tortilla Soup) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4575701.jpg
Ingredients:
vegetable oil, or as needed
12 (6 inch) corn tortillas, cut into strips
3 dried pasilla chile peppers, seeded
2 tomatoes, seeded and chopped
1/2 large onion, chopped
1 clove garlic
1/4 teaspoon dried oregano
4 cups water
4 teaspoons chicken bouillon granules
1 sprig fresh parsley
1 avocado - peeled, pitted, and diced
3/4 cup diced cotija cheese
2 tablespoons crema fresca (fresh cream) (optional)

Directions:
Heat oil in a large pan or wok over medium-high heat. Add tortilla strips in batches and fry until brown and crispy, 2 to 3 minutes per batch. Remove from heat and drain on paper towels.
Fry pasilla chiles in the same pan, being careful not to burn them, until browned, about 2 minutes. Remove from oil and drain on paper towels.
Combine 1 fried pasilla pepper, tomatoes, onion, garlic, and oregano in a blender; blend until smooth. Strain through a sieve into a bowl.
Heat 1 teaspoon oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add tomato mixture and cook for 2 minutes. Pour in water and bring to a boil. Stir in chicken granules and parsley. Cover and simmer over low heat until flavors are well combined, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat and discard parsley.
Divide fried tortilla strips among 4 bowls. Pour soup on top of tortilla strips and garnish with diced avocado and cotija cheese. Cut remaining fried pasilla peppers into thin strips and sprinkle over soup. Add Mexican crema to each bowl.

Submitter: 
jackie
Description: 
Corn tortilla strips in a chicken broth seasoned with tomatoes and pasilla chile. An authentic Mexican soup served with avocado, Mexican cheese, and crema.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Tortilla Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 14 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
606 calories
42.4
g fat
49.5
g carbohydrates
13.1
g protein
36
mg cholesterol
707
mg sodium.
