URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259360/ezekiel-bread-wing-and-a-prayer-recipe/
Title:
Ezekiel Bread (Wing and a Prayer Recipe) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 cup canned garbanzo beans, undrained
5 1/4 cups warm water (110 degrees F (43 degrees C)), divided
2 (.25 ounce) packages active dry yeast
1 cup dried lentils
1/2 cup millet
2 tablespoons dried great northern beans
2 tablespoons dried mung beans
2 tablespoons dried adzuki beans
8 cups whole wheat flour
4 cups barley flour
1/4 cup rye flour
1 cup honey
5 tablespoons olive oil
2 tablespoons sea salt

Directions:
Place garbanzo beans in a small saucepan over medium heat. Cook until soft, 10 to 15 minutes. Drain and let cool.
Stir 1/2 cup water and yeast together in a small bowl until yeast dissolves. Let stand until yeast forms a creamy foam, about 10 minutes.
Combine lentils, millet, great northern beans, mung beans, and adzuki beans in a high-powdered food processor or blender. Blend on high speed until fine enough to pass through the mesh of a sifter or strainer.
Pour lentil mixture into a large bowl. Mix in whole wheat flour, barley flour, and rye flour.
Place cooled garbanzo beans in a large bowl. Add honey, olive oil, and salt; mash together. Stir in remaining 4 3/4 cups water. Stir in yeast mixture. Whisk in 2 cups flour mixture. Stir in remaining flour mixture, 1 cup at a time, kneading well until dough is smooth.
Grease a large bowl and place dough inside. Cover with a very damp cloth. Let rise until doubled, about 1 hour.
Deflate dough and turn out onto a lightly floured work surface. Knead gently and divide into 4 pieces. Form each piece into a loaf.
Grease four 9x5-inch loaf pans. Place loaves inside. Cover with a very damp cloth and let rise until doubled, about 40 minutes.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Bake loaves in the preheated oven until golden brown and the bottom of a loaf sounds hollow when tapped, about 1 hour.

Submitter: 
Chef Squee
Description: 
This is also known as fasting bread, prayer bread, or Bible bread. It is nutritionally complete and tastes yummy. In my search for a recipe for this bread, I found 3. I made a special trip to a health food store to pick up the less common ingredients. When I got there, I found that I couldn't find all the ingredients for any of the recipes so I winged it and prayed that it would turn out well and it did. I hope you enjoy it as much as I did.
Categories:
Bread
Yeast Bread

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
3 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
48
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
166 calories
2.2
g fat
33.6
g carbohydrates
5
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
238
mg sodium.
