URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259330/lemon-herb-chicken-with-couscous-and-cucumber-salad/?src=VD_Summary
Title:
Lemon Herb Chicken with Couscous and Cucumber Salad Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
2 cups chicken broth
1 teaspoon sea salt, divided
1 (10 ounce) box couscous
½ cup extra-virgin olive oil
2  lemons, juiced
1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves
1 teaspoon dried oregano
4 (4 ounce) thinly sliced skinless, boneless chicken breasts
1 pinch sea salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil
1 teaspoon white sugar
2 large vine-ripened tomatoes
1  English cucumber, chopped
¼  red onion, finely chopped
½ cup crumbled feta cheese
⅓ cup chopped pitted Kalamata olives
¼ cup chopped Italian parsley

Directions:
Bring chicken broth and 1/2 teaspoon salt to a boil in a saucepan. Stir in couscous. Remove from heat; cover and let stand until broth is absorbed, about 5 minutes. Uncover and fluff with a fork.
Whisk 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/2 cup olive oil, lemon juice, rosemary, and oregano together in a bowl to make dressing.
Place chicken breasts in a shallow dish. Drizzle 1/4 cup dressing on top. Season both sides with salt and pepper.
Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken breasts; cook until golden brown, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a large plate. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Place 3 tablespoons dressing in a large bowl; stir in sugar. Add tomatoes, cucumber, and red onion; toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Add feta cheese and toss again.
Drizzle remaining dressing over couscous and fold in olives. Divide couscous among 4 plates. Slice chicken breasts and place on top. Serve tomato salad on the side. Sprinkle parsley over each plate.

Submitter: 
Julie Hubert
Description: 
Chicken breasts dressed with lemon and herbs are served with couscous and a bright cucumber feta salad in this weeknight dinner recipe.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
8 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.63
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
46 mins
Number of servings: 
5 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
810 calories
42.2
g fat
68.4
g carbohydrates
37.8
g protein
84
mg cholesterol
1567
mg sodium.
