URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259454/pumpkin-spice-churros-with-salted-maple-caramel-dip/
Title:
Pumpkin Spice Churros with Salted Maple Caramel Dip Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1 ½ cups pure dark maple syrup
¼ cup unsalted sweet cream butter
¼ cup heavy whipping cream
½ teaspoon sea salt
1 cup all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, divided
¾ cup white sugar
¾ cup water
¼ cup canned pumpkin puree
6 tablespoons unsalted butter
2 tablespoons brown sugar
1 teaspoon sea salt
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
3  eggs
canola oil for frying

Directions:
Pour maple syrup into a deep, heavy-bottomed pot. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and let simmer, stirring with a spoon, until syrup starts to coat the spoon and has a caramel-like consistency, about 15 minutes.
Whisk 1/4 cup butter into the syrup until melted, about 2 minutes. Add heavy cream and salt, whisking constantly to combine. Pour sauce into a bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until mostly cooled, about 15 minutes.
Whisk flour and 1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice together in a small bowl.
Whisk the remaining 1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice and white sugar together in a large bowl to make pumpkin spice sugar.
Combine water, pumpkin puree, 6 tablespoons butter, brown sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, and vanilla extract in a small saucepan over medium heat. Whisk thoroughly. Bring to a boil; add the flour mixture. Cook and stir vigorously until dough is thickened, 5 to 8 minutes.
Transfer dough to the bowl of a stand mixer with paddle attachment. Beat until cool, about 1 minute. Add eggs, 1 at a time, allowing each to incorporate before adding the next. Beat until dough is glossy and thick.
Heat 2 to 3 inches of oil in a large, heavy pot to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with paper towels.
Scrape the dough into a pastry bag fitted with a large star tip. Test the oil with a small squeeze of dough; churro should float to the top of the oil and brown on the bottom in about 30 seconds. Adjust the heat if necessary.
Pipe roughly 3-inch strips of dough into the oil, keeping the tip of your pastry bag 1 to 2 inches above the oil. Fry until golden, brown, about 30 seconds per side.
Drain churros on paper towels for 1 minute; toss in the pumpkin spice sugar until evenly coated. Serve warm with the salted maple caramel sauce.

Submitter: 
Julie Hubert
Description: 
Serve these spiced pumpkin churros to your guests and just wait for the oohs and aahs! The salted maple caramel dip is the icing on the cake and is wonderful on ice cream, apples, pie, and anything else you'd like.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 12 mins
Number of servings: 
16 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
707 calories
33.1
g fat
100
g carbohydrates
5.9
g protein
157
mg cholesterol
492
mg sodium.
