URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259444/all-in-one-pan-chicken-enchiladas/
Title:
All-in-One-Pan Chicken Enchiladas Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F3068252.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon olive oil, or more to taste
4  boneless chicken breast halves
1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
1 teaspoon hot pepper sauce
¼ teaspoon ground cumin
¼ teaspoon ground paprika
¼ teaspoon cayenne pepper
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 ½ teaspoons lemon juice
1 (15 ounce) can black beans, drained and rinsed
1  red bell pepper, diced
1  orange bell pepper, diced
1  green bell pepper, diced
½  white onion, diced
5 (6 inch) corn tortillas, cut into strips
1 (10.5 ounce) can cream of chicken soup
½ (8 ounce) package cream cheese
½ cup shredded Cheddar cheese
¼ cup sour cream

Directions:
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add chicken breasts; drizzle Worcestershire sauce and hot sauce on top. Season with cumin, paprika, cayenne pepper, salt, and pepper. Cover and cook, breaking chicken apart into small chunks with a wooden spoon, until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 15 minutes. Stir in lemon juice.
Reduce heat to medium-low. Mix in black beans, red bell pepper, orange bell pepper, green bell pepper, onion, and tortilla strips. Simmer until peppers are slightly softened, about 5 minutes. Add cream of chicken soup, cream cheese, Cheddar cheese, and sour cream. Cook and stir until cheeses are melted and hot, about 5 minutes.

Submitter: 
sillybakedbunny
Description: 
Great for a quick throw-together weeknight meal. Easy to add and subtract ingredients and make it your own. No extra dishes to clean! Serve enchiladas with lettuce, tomatoes, and green onions on top.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
610 calories
29.4
g fat
42.8
g carbohydrates
44.1
g protein
130
mg cholesterol
1234
mg sodium.
