URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259456/instant-pot-short-ribs/
Title:
Instant Pot® Short Ribs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4555801.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (750 milliliter) bottle full-bodied red wine
4 pounds beef short ribs
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 cup olive oil
3 tablespoons unsalted butter
1 1/2 cups chopped white onion
1 cup peeled and minced carrots
2 cloves garlic, sliced
2 sprigs fresh rosemary
1 quart chicken stock, or as needed
1/4 cup water
2 tablespoons cornstarch

Directions:
Pour red wine over short ribs in a large bowl. Marinate in the refrigerator, 8 hours to overnight.
Remove ribs from marinade, saving marinade for later use. Season short ribs with salt and pepper. Coat 1 side of each short rib with flour.
Select the "Saute" setting on an electric pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)); add olive oil and butter. Cook and stir until butter melts, about 2 minutes. Add 3 short ribs to hot butter-oil mixture. Cook until bottom is browned, about 8 minutes. Transfer browned short ribs to a plate. Repeat cooking with remaining short ribs, reserving butter-oil mixture in the pot.
Cook and stir onion, carrots, garlic, and rosemary in the hot butter-oil mixture, scraping browned bits off the sides of pot, until onion is softened and starting to brown, about 5 minutes. Add reserved wine marinade; stir well. Simmer until wine is reduced by 1/2, about 10 minutes.
Return ribs to the pot; add chicken stock. Ensure the total volume does not go above the maximum fill line and that the bulk of the ribs are submerged. Seal the pressure cooker. Turn the venting knob on top to "Sealed", causing the floating valve to pop up.
Press the "Manual" button; set timer for 35 minutes. Tap the venting knob with a wooden spoon or spatula. Stand back; turn knob to point at "Vent." Remove lid when pressure is released, about 5 minutes.
Transfer the ribs to a plate and cover with aluminum foil, reserving sauce in the pot.
Turn the Instant Pot to "Saute". Simmer sauce until slightly reduced, about 5 minutes. Stir water and cornstarch together in a bowl until smooth; add to sauce in the pot. Cook for 3 minutes. Strain sauce and serve over ribs.

Submitter: 
Shauna James Ahern
Description: 
It's easy to love fall-off-the-bone short ribs. The only problem with a traditional braising recipe is that it will be hours before eating happens. Make short ribs in an electric pressure cooker and eat these in half the time. The pressure inside the cooker transforms any liquid into hot steam, which goes deep into the meat and produce far more tender ribs than any other method would make. Less time and better? You bet.
Categories:
Main Dish
Ribs

Number of ratings:
21 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.14285707473755
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
10 h 4 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
485 calories
35.5
g fat
13.2
g carbohydrates
15.9
g protein
70
mg cholesterol
277
mg sodium.
