URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259582/cherry-cheesecake-hearts/
Title:
Cherry Cheesecake Hearts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 cup butter, softened
1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened
1 1/2 cups white sugar
1 egg
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 (0.13 ounce) package unsweetened cherry-flavored soft drink mix (such as Kool-Aid®)
1/2 teaspoon almond extract
3 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon maraschino cherry juice, or as needed (optional)
1 teaspoon milk, or as needed (optional)
1 teaspoon lemon juice, or as needed (optional)

Directions:
Beat butter and cream cheese in a bowl until smooth and creamy. Add sugar; beat until mixture is pale yellow and fluffy. Add egg, vanilla extract, soft drink mix, and almond extract; beat well.
Sift flour, baking powder, and salt into a bowl. Add to cream cheese mixture; beat until well mixed. Add maraschino cherry juice, milk, or lemon juice to loosen dough; mix to incorporate. Divide in half; wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate 2 hours to overnight.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.
Roll dough to 1/4-inch to 1/8-inch thickness on a lightly floured surface. Cut out using a heart-shaped cookie cutter; transfer cookies to the prepared sheets.
Bake in the preheated oven until golden, 8 to 10 minutes. Cool on a wire rack, about 15 minutes.

Submitter: 
kareninfla
Description: 
This is the result of my trying to create a cut-out cookie homage to the cherry cheesecake martini my friends and I enjoy at our local martini bar. Unsweetened Kool-Aid® gives these cookies their pretty pink color with just the right balance of sweet and tart. You could certainly substitute strawberry, tropical punch, or even pink lemonade Kool-Aid® if you prefer. Just be sure to use the unsweetened powder. Glaze with your favorite frosting or icing and decorate as desired. I glazed my cooled cookie hearts with Sugar Cookie Icing by JBS BOX and sprinkled with purple decorating sugar, as I was sending these hearts to wounded soldiers at a military hospital. Tint the icing the same color as your decorating sugar for an intensely vibrant, colorful cookie.
Categories:
Desserts
Cookies
Cut-Out Cookies

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 53 m
Number of servings: 
36
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
146 calories
7.5
g fat
17.9
g carbohydrates
2
g protein
26
mg cholesterol
88
mg sodium.
