URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259565/zucchini-noodles-and-butternut-squash-in-a-garlic-lemon-sauce/
Title:
Zucchini Noodles and Butternut Squash in a Garlic-Lemon Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 small butternut squash - peeled, seeded, and cut into 1/2-inch cubes
1/4 cup olive oil, divided
kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
2 large zucchini, ends cut and spiralized
1 clove garlic, minced, or to taste
1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, or more to taste
1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes
1 1/2 teaspoons lemon juice, or to taste
1/3 cup finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Arrange butternut squash into a single layer over the prepared pan. Drizzle with 2 tablespoons olive oil and season with salt and pepper.
Bake squash in the preheated oven, turning halfway, until browned and softened, about 35 minutes.
Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add zucchini, garlic, Italian seasoning, red pepper flakes, salt, and pepper. Cook and stir until zucchini is tender, about 4 minutes. Mix in baked squash and lemon juice until just combined. Top with Parmesan cheese.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
I made this dish as one of the recipes for a charity event to benefit Place of Hope. We received amazing vegetables as donations and I thought this dish would be perfect. I wish we had grabbed a photo of my friend Suhiel spiralizing an entire box of zucchini.  
You can add poultry or seafood to make this dish hearty or enjoy as is for a perfect side dish or vegetarian option. Enjoy!
Categories:
Fruits and Vegetables
Vegetables
Squash
Winter Squash
Butternut Squash

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
59 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
581 calories
32.1
g fat
71.6
g carbohydrates
14.3
g protein
12
mg cholesterol
457
mg sodium.
