URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259588/copycat-chocolate-raspberry-cheesecake/
Title:
Copycat Chocolate Raspberry Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 cup chocolate cookie crumbs
1/4 cup butter, softened
2 tablespoons white sugar
3 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese, softened
1 cup white sugar
3 eggs
3 (4 ounce) bars semisweet chocolate
4 tablespoons heavy whipping cream
1/8 teaspoon salt
1 cup sour cream
2 tablespoons raspberry essence
Topping:
3 tablespoons raspberry jam
3 (4 ounce) bars semisweet chocolate
3 tablespoons heavy whipping cream
12 fresh raspberries

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Butter a 9-inch springform pan.
Combine cookie crumbs, 1/4 cup butter, and 2 tablespoons sugar in a bowl; press into the bottom of the prepared pan.
Beat cream cheese in a bowl using an electric mixer until smooth. Add 1 cup sugar gradually; mix until well blended. Add eggs, 1 at a time; beat at low speed until very smooth.
Set a heat-proof bowl over a saucepan of boiling water. Break 3 bars of chocolate into pieces and place in the bowl; add 4 tablespoons cream and salt. Stir until melted, about 2 minutes.
Pour chocolate into cream cheese mixture; blend well. Stir in sour cream and raspberry essence; beat until smooth. Pour into the prepared pan.
Bake in the center of the preheated oven until set but still soft, about 45 minutes. Do not over bake; the cake will firm up when chilled. Turn off heat; leave cake in oven with door ajar for 45 minutes more. Remove cake from oven; refrigerate in the pan until firm, at least 12 hours.
Remove cake from pan carefully; transfer to a serving plate. Top with a very thin layer of raspberry jam.
Set a heat-proof bowl over a saucepan of boiling water. Break remaining 3 bars of chocolate into pieces and place in the bowl; add 3 tablespoons cream. Stir until melted, about 2 minutes. Pour the melted chocolate evenly over the cake. Arrange raspberries on top; refrigerate until set, about 30 minutes.

Submitter: 
Goli
Description: 
This is the closest I could get to the chocolate raspberry cheesecake from the Cheesecake Factory®! To make chocolate leaves to decorate your cake, melt 1 ounce semisweet chocolate in a pan or bowl set over boiling water, stir until smooth. Brush real nontoxic plant leaves (such as orange leaves) on 1 side with melted chocolate. Freeze until firm and then peel off the chocolate leaves. Freeze until needed.
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Raspberry Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
14 h 49 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
546 calories
38.6
g fat
48.1
g carbohydrates
8.5
g protein
104
mg cholesterol
227
mg sodium.
