URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259633/kids-turkey-and-cream-cheese-spread-bento-box/
Title:
Kids' Turkey and Cream Cheese Spread Bento Box Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4554389.jpg
Ingredients:
Cream Cheese Penguins:
10 round carrot slices, 1/4-inch thick
10 jumbo pitted black olives
10 small pitted black olives
1/2 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened
10 toothpicks
Party Vegetable Sandwich Spread:
2 tablespoons shredded carrot
2 teaspoons minced onion
2 teaspoons chopped pimento peppers
2 teaspoons chopped celery
2 tablespoons cream cheese, softened
1 teaspoon lemon juice
3/4 teaspoon mayonnaise
1 pinch salt
1 green apple, sliced
1 red apple, sliced
1 tablespoon lemon juice
1/2 carrot, sliced into rounds
6 thin slices cucumber, sliced lengthwise into wide ribbons
6 slices tomato, cut in half
6 toothpicks
8 round crackers
1/2 cup grapes, divided
8 slices deli turkey breast

Directions:
Cut a slit from top to bottom into the side of each jumbo olive. Ease the olive open slightly to insert about 1 teaspoon of cream cheese, forming a penguin belly.
Cut a small triangle-shaped notch out of 9 carrot rounds to form feet; press 1 triangular piece (trimming if necessary) into each small olive to create the beak.
Thread each jumbo olive onto a toothpick lengthwise through the existing holes. Anchor the toothpick onto a carrot slice (line belly up with feet); set a small olive on top (beak facing forward). Place penguins on a plate; refrigerate until assembly.
Combine shredded carrot, onion, pimento peppers, and celery in a bowl. Mix 2 tablespoons softened cream cheese, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, mayonnaise, and salt in a separate bowl; beat until fluffy. Fold carrot mixture into cream cheese; mix well. Refrigerate at least 1 hour before use.
Toss green apple slices, red apple slices, and 1 tablespoon lemon juice together in a bowl.
Cut carrot rounds into decorative shapes using vegetable cutters. Wrap in a wet paper towel and place in a plastic bag; refrigerate until assembly.
Pat cucumber slices dry. Place 1 half-slice tomato at the end of a cucumber slice; roll up together and secure with a toothpick.
Arrange 1/2 the carrot shapes in a bento box. Place 1/2 the sandwich spread in a small silicone baking cup; place 4 crackers in another cup. Arrange 1/2 the green apple slices, red apple slices, and grapes. Add 5 cream cheese penguins, 4 turkey slices, and 3 cucumber-tomato rolls. Use remaining ingredients to create a second bento box. Refrigerate until ready to eat.

Submitter: 
Lela
Description: 
Here's a whimsical bento box that is sure to delight any kid. Inside the box are turkey slices, crackers, cream cheese spread, carrot cat and penguin cut-outs, cucumber tomato rolls, apple slices, and grapes.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Turkey
Breasts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
689 calories
38.3
g fat
65.3
g carbohydrates
28.5
g protein
124
mg cholesterol
2311
mg sodium.
