URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259795/michelles-cake-pops/
Title:
Michelle's Cake Pops Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 (15.25 ounce) package chocolate cake mix (such as Duncan Hines®)
1 cup water
3 eggs
1/3 cup vegetable oil
2 cups prepared chocolate frosting
1 (8 ounce) package chocolate confectioner's coating bark
1 (8 ounce) package white confectioner's coating bark
lollipop sticks

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch baking pan.
Beat cake mix, water, eggs, and oil in a bowl using an electric mixer until smooth. Pour batter into the prepared pan.
Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 26 to 31 minutes. Cool until easily handled, at least 15 minutes.
Trim about 1/2 inch off the edges of the cake and discard. Mash cake into fine crumbs in a bowl. Mix in frosting thoroughly. Roll mixture into balls 1 1/4 to 1 1/2 inches wide. Place cake balls on a baking sheet. Cover with plastic wrap and freeze until firm, about 15 minutes.
Place chocolate coating in the top of a double boiler over simmering water. Stir frequently, scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula to avoid scorching, until melted, about 5 minutes. Remove chocolate coating from heat.
Place white coating in the top of a double boiler over simmering water. Stir frequently, scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula to avoid scorching, until melted, about 5 minutes. Remove white coating from heat.
Line a separate baking sheet with parchment paper. Insert lollipop sticks halfway through the chilled cake balls; dip into the melted chocolate or white coating. Set on the baking sheet until coating hardens, about 20 minutes.

Submitter: 
Michelle Rivet McEachern
Description: 
These are great for birthday parties, wedding and baby showers, or any other occasion. 

My kids go crazy for these, and all the adults love them too! Decorate with sprinkles and any small candies of your choice before the coating hardens.
Categories:
Desserts
Cakes
Cake Pops

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 41 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
314 calories
17.9
g fat
40
g carbohydrates
3.4
g protein
25
mg cholesterol
215
mg sodium.
