URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259743/roasted-pumpkin-soup/
Title:
Roasted Pumpkin Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7186621.jpg
Ingredients:
1 large sweet potato
1 small pumpkin or buttercup squash, peeled and cut into 1-inch cubes (4 cups)
3 large carrots, peeled and cut in half
2 large red onions, halved
1/4 cup cold-pressed extra-virgin olive oil
1 teaspoon flaked sea salt, or to taste
1/2 teaspoon ground allspice
1 pinch ground white pepper
1 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon ground coriander
1 teaspoon ground ginger
1 pinch ground black pepper
4 cups chicken stock
2 (13.5 ounce) cans coconut milk

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Wrap sweet potato in aluminum foil; place on an oven-safe dish to catch drips.
Bake in the preheated oven until soft, about 45 minutes.
While the sweet potato is roasting, place pumpkin, carrots, and onions on a baking pan. Brush with olive oil; sprinkle with salt, allspice, and white pepper.
Bake in the preheated oven until soft, 30 to 40 minutes.
Peel the sweet potato and squash when cool enough to handle. Transfer to a large saucepan; add carrots, onions, nutmeg, cumin, coriander, ginger, salt, and pepper. Stir in chicken stock and coconut milk. Bring soup to a boil; reduce heat and simmer until fragrant, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat.
Puree soup using an immersion blender until smooth.

Submitter: 
Pip
Description: 
The spices in this soup really marry up well and make this the tasty, flavorful soup it is. I can guarantee you will impress even the fussiest of eaters. If you can use organic vegetables, the soup will have a glorious color and taste more intense. Most people cannot tell that you have used coconut milk instead of cream. This makes it not only taste good, but full of all the health benefits of the coconut. Add a dollop of plain Greek yogurt or some chopped parsley, or drizzle with good quality, cold-pressed extra virgin olive oil. Enjoy and taste the golden color of the sun!
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Vegetable Soup
Squash Soup
Butternut Squash Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
357 calories
28.2
g fat
25.3
g carbohydrates
4.8
g protein
3
mg cholesterol
867
mg sodium.
