URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259744/roasted-pumpkin-soup-bowls/
Title:
Roasted Pumpkin Soup Bowls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 (3 pound) sugar pumpkin, halved lengthwise and seeded, or more to taste
cooking spray
3 tablespoons butter
1/2 cup diced onion
1 quart vegetable stock
3 tablespoons cornstarch
2 tablespoons curry powder
1 cup milk
1/2 cup sour cream
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1 tablespoon white sugar
1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, or more to taste
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, or to taste

Directions:
Spray inside and outside of pumpkin with cooking spray.
Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil the grate.
Place pumpkin, pulp-side down, on the grate. Close the lid. Grill until tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Turn over, skin-side down; grill until pulp is very soft and lightly charred, 20 to 30 minutes. Reduce heat as necessary to keep the grill temperature below 450 degrees F (232 degrees C). Let pumpkin cool on the grill.
Melt butter in a large pot over medium-high heat. Add onions; saute until translucent and lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Add vegetable stock, cornstarch, and curry powder; bring to a boil. Cook and stir until thick and foamy and cornstarch is dissolved, 1 to 2 minutes. Reduce heat to medium.
Scoop pulp out of the pumpkin, reserving the hard shell to use as bowl. Add pulp to the stock mixture, breaking up any large lumps. Stir in milk, sour cream, soy sauce, and sugar. Blend soup with an immersion blender until smooth. Stir in nutmeg, salt, and pepper.
Reduce heat to medium-low. Cook, stirring constantly, until just starting to boil, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from heat. Serve in the pumpkin shells.

Submitter: 
Marcia
Description: 
This soup is a great-tasting comfort food to take the chill off a cool fall or winter day. Roast the pumpkin on your grill or in the oven. Either way, using the pumpkin shells as bowls adds a fun touch. Sprinkle more nutmeg and pepper over soup before serving.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Vegetable Soup
Squash Soup
Pumpkin Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 6 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
326 calories
17.4
g fat
40.4
g carbohydrates
7.7
g protein
40
mg cholesterol
897
mg sodium.
