URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259708/triple-pork-stuffed-pork-chops/
Title:
Triple Pork-Stuffed Pork Chops Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
¼ cup unsalted butter
1  onion, diced
1 stalk celery with leaves, diced
1 clove garlic, diced
½ pound pork sausage
4 cups cubed white bread
¼ cup low-sodium chicken broth
1  egg
1 teaspoon poultry seasoning
1 teaspoon dried oregano
½ teaspoon dried thyme
½ teaspoon dried sage
4  thick-cut pork chops
4 slices bacon
toothpicks

Directions:
Melt butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add onion, celery, and garlic; cook and stir until tender, 5 to 7 minutes.
Heat a separate skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir sausage in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain and discard grease.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Combine onion mixture, cooked sausage, bread cubes, chicken broth, egg, poultry seasoning, oregano, thyme, and sage in a large bowl. Mix until stuffing is well combined.
Lay a pork chop flat onto your work surface. Use the tip of a sharp boning or paring knife to cut the largest possible pocket in the pork through a 2-inch slit in the side. Repeat with the remaining pork chops.
Fill pork chops with the stuffing. Wrap 1 slice bacon along the width of each pork chop, securing with a toothpick. Place bacon-wrapped pork chops in a baking pan. Add any extra stuffing to the bottom of the pan. Cover with aluminum foil.
Bake the pork chops in the preheated oven until no longer pink in the center, about 40 minutes. Uncover and continue baking until juices run clear, about 15 minutes more. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 145 degrees F (63 degrees C).

Submitter: 
Dane
Description: 
I had a craving for pork one day - developed this and my girlfriend and I both loved it. Watch out for the sodium (notice I mention to add low- or no-sodium ingredients). Beware, must love pork!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
35 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 40 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
691 calories
39
g fat
24.9
g carbohydrates
57.2
g protein
226
mg cholesterol
1054
mg sodium.
