URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259881/spicy-mandoo-korean-dumpling/
Title:
Spicy Mandoo (Korean Dumpling) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 (8 ounce) package sweet potato noodles
1 pound ground pork
1/2 cup finely chopped onion
1/2 cup finely chopped napa cabbage
3 tablespoons soy sauce
2 tablespoons chile-garlic sauce
1 tablespoon sesame oil
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
40 gyoza wrappers
1 tablespoon vegetable oil

Directions:
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook noodles at a boil until softened yet firm to the bite, about 3 minutes. Drain and run under cold water for 1 minute. Transfer noodles to a flat work surface; cut into small pieces.
Combine noodles, pork, onion, napa cabbage, soy sauce, chile-garlic sauce, sesame oil, garlic, salt, and pepper in a bowl. Stir filling together with a spoon or mash by hand.
Place 3/4 tablespoon filling in the center of each wrapper. Wet your fingers and run them along the edges of the wrapper. Fold over the filling; press ends together using a fork. Flip and repeat on the other side to strengthen the seal. Repeat filling and shaping with the remaining filling and wrappers.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add mandoo; cook until lightly browned and crispy, 4 to 5 minutes. Add about 1/2 inch water. Cook, covered, until liquid is absorbed, about 5 minutes.

Submitter: 
pooda
Description: 
A spicy twist on a traditional dumpling! Delicious, easy-to-prepare dumplings. You can prepare the finished product any way you'd like. These can be steamed, sauteed, fried, or boiled. To cut down on prep time, throw the vegetables in a food processor. It will grind it to the perfect consistency!
Categories:
Main Dish
Dumplings

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 h 2 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
374 calories
12.2
g fat
50
g carbohydrates
14.7
g protein
40
mg cholesterol
1049
mg sodium.
