URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259880/vegan-friendly-vegetarian-potstickers-/
Title:
Vegan-Friendly Vegetarian Potstickers  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 heads bok choy, diced
1 (8 ounce) can bamboo shoots - drained, dried, and diced
1 (8 ounce) can water chestnuts - drained, dried, and diced
1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro
3 scallions, diced
1 tablespoon soy sauce, or to taste
4 small garlic cloves, minced
1/2 teaspoon minced fresh ginger root
3/4 cup olive oil, divided
1/2 (12 ounce) package firm tofu, diced
2 large portobello mushrooms, diced
1 (16 ounce) package potsticker wrappers

Directions:
Combine bok choy, bamboo shoots, water chestnuts, cilantro, scallions, soy sauce, garlic, and ginger in a bowl.
Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a deep skillet over medium-high heat. Add bok choy mixture; saute until softened, about 4 minutes. Place mixture back in the bowl.
Heat 2 tablespoons oil in the same skillet. Add tofu and mushrooms; saute until softened, about 5 minutes.
Spoon 1 teaspoon of bok choy mixture and 1 teaspoon tofu-mushroom mixture into the middle of each potsticker wrapper. Moisten edges of wrappers, fold over, and seal.
Heat remaining 1/2 cup oil in the same skillet over medium heat. Add potstickers carefully; cook until bottoms are lightly browned and wrappers are heated through, 1 to 3 minutes.

Submitter: 
Covered in Flour
Description: 
These potstickers are a fun twist on dish that was once an option only for omnivores. This is vegan friendly, and though it may take a while if one opts to use a knife as opposed to a Cuisinart® food processor, they are very worthwhile and delicious. Serve with soy sauce, a chile sauce, or a sweet teriyaki sauce.
Categories:
Main Dish
Dumplings

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
398 calories
22.5
g fat
40.8
g carbohydrates
10
g protein
5
mg cholesterol
515
mg sodium.
