URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259978/nigerian-jollof-rice-with-chicken-and-fried-plantains/
Title:
Nigerian Jollof Rice with Chicken and Fried Plantains Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/4552934.jpg
Ingredients:
2 pounds chicken drumsticks
½ large onion, diced
1 (2 inch) piece fresh ginger root, peeled and thinly sliced
2 cubes chicken bouillon, crushed
2 cloves garlic, diced
1 tablespoon curry powder, or more to taste
1 teaspoon herbes de Provence
freshly ground black pepper
1 pinch cayenne pepper
1 cup water
3 tablespoons vegetable oil
½ large onion, diced
1 (14 ounce) can tomato sauce
1 (14 ounce) can coconut milk
1 teaspoon herbes de Provence
1 teaspoon salt, or to taste
½ teaspoon ground black pepper, or to taste
3 cups parboiled rice (such as Uncle Ben's(<sup>&reg;</sup>))
1 (10 ounce) package frozen mixed vegetables (carrots, corn, peas)
4  ripe plantains, peeled and cut diagonally into 1/2-inch slices
½ cup canola oil for frying

Directions:
Place chicken drumsticks in a large Dutch oven over medium heat. Add 1/2 onion, ginger, crushed bouillon cubes, garlic, curry powder, 1 teaspoon herbes de Provence, black pepper, and cayenne pepper. Mix well. Cook until chicken starts sticking to the bottom, about 5 minutes. Pour in water, mix, cover the pot, and bring to a gentle simmer; cook for 15 minutes. Remove from heat.
Transfer chicken to a baking dish using a slotted spoon. Strain cooking liquid through a fine-mesh sieve. Reserve 1 1/2 cups liquid. Discard solids.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Bake chicken in the preheated oven until no longer pink in the middle and the juices run clear, about 30 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Heat 3 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large pot over medium-low heat and cook 1/2 onion until soft and translucent but not browned, about 5 minutes. Add tomato sauce; cook and stir until slightly thickened and infused into the oil, 5 to 7 minutes.
Stir reserved chicken broth, coconut milk, 1 teaspoon herbes de Provence, salt, and pepper into the pot. Bring to a simmer; add rice. Cook, stirring often, until rice is almost tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Add frozen vegetables and continue cooking until rice is tender and creamy, about 5 minutes.
Heat 1/2 cup of canola oil in a nonstick pan over medium heat. Add plantains and fry on both sides until golden and crispy, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Drain on paper towels. Garnish jollof rice with friend plantains and serve with chicken.

Submitter: 
Daisy
Description: 
This traditional Nigerian dish brings out the best possible flavor of rice and chicken. Chicken is first sauteed on the stove top to produce a wonderful aromatic base for the rice. For an extra special and authentic touch, serve jollof rice with fried plantains.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
2 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 29 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
703 calories
22.8
g fat
96.3
g carbohydrates
31.7
g protein
71
mg cholesterol
942
mg sodium.
