URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259915/homemade-ground-chicken-chickpea-burgers/
Title:
Homemade Ground Chicken-Chickpea Burgers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/5375678.jpg
Ingredients:
1 ½ cups water
½ cup dry quinoa
1 (15.5 ounce) can chickpeas
8 ounces ground chicken
½ cup egg whites
½ cup minced beets
½ cup oat bran
¼ cup minced onion
3  prunes, minced
1 tablespoon minced poblano pepper
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground chile pepper
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon ground black pepper

Directions:
Bring water and quinoa to a boil in a saucepan. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until quinoa is tender, 15 to 20 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Mash chickpeas roughly in a bowl. Add cooked quinoa, chicken, egg whites, beets, oat bran, onion, prunes, poblano pepper, salt, chile powder, cumin, and black pepper. Mix well. Form into 6 equal-size patties. Wrap in aluminum foil.
Bake in the preheated oven until no longer pink in the center and any juices run clear, about 20 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).

Submitter: 
Maysie Megan Gres Cowell
Description: 
This burger lends itself to lots of options and variety, all of which are delicious! Even my beef-loving husband loved it and ate every last bite. The best part is the complex texture, moistness, and unique (though not weird...) taste. We enjoyed them with some zucchini fries (fresh from our new backyard veggie garden). Optional: toast buns with a slice of your preferred cheese. Feel free to dress your burger to your liking; I chose Swiss cheese, ketchup, tomatoes, and spinach (my husband opted for American cheese, ketchup, and mustard). Make sure to test patties for doneness prior to consuming!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
35 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 10 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
231 calories
2.9
g fat
35.9
g carbohydrates
18.3
g protein
22
mg cholesterol
694
mg sodium.
