URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259986/ghirardelli-dutch-chocolate-doughnuts/
Title:
Ghirardelli Dutch Chocolate Doughnuts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5925129.jpg
Ingredients:
Nonstick cooking spray
1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour
1/2 cup packed brown sugar
1/3 cup Ghirardelli® Dutch-Process 100% Baking Cocoa
1/4 cup granulated sugar
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 egg, lightly beaten
1/2 cup milk
1/2 cup unsalted butter, melted
1 cup Ghirardelli® Semisweet Mini Chocolate Chips
Chocolate Glaze:
3 ounces Ghirardelli® 60% Cacao Baking Bar, coarsely chopped
3 tablespoons unsalted butter
3 cups powdered sugar
1 tablespoon light corn syrup
1 teaspoon vanilla
4 tablespoons hot water, or more as needed
Flaked sea salt

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Generously coat a 3-inch doughnut pan with cooking spray; set aside.
In a medium bowl, stir together the flour, brown sugar, cocoa powder, granulated sugar, baking soda, baking powder, and salt. Make a well in the center of the mixture.
In a small bowl, combine the egg, milk, and melted butter. Add all at once to flour mixture; stir just until smooth. Stir in mini baking chips.
Spoon the batter into a large resealable plastic bag; snip off one corner of the bag. Pipe the batter into the prepared pan, filling the rings about three-fourths full.
Bake for 10 to 12 minutes or until the tops spring back when lightly touched. Cool in the pan on a wire rack for 2 to 3 minutes. Invert doughnuts onto a wire rack. Cool the pan, wipe it out, and coat the bottom with nonstick cooking spray. Repeat filling the pan and baking with remaining batter. Cool doughnuts completely.
Chocolate Glaze: In a medium saucepan, combine chopped chocolate and 3 tablespoons butter. Cook and stir over medium-low heat until melted. Remove from heat. Stir in powdered sugar, corn syrup, and vanilla. Stir in enough hot water to make a thick glaze of drizzling consistency.
Place a sheet of waxed paper under the wire rack. Generously spoon the glaze over the doughnuts, allowing the excess to drip off. Sprinkle with flaked sea salt. Let stand until glaze is set.

Submitter: 
Ghirardelli
Description: 
Made with rich Dutch cocoa and topped with flaked sea salt, these doughnuts are a delicious treat.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
Ghirardelli&#174;

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
9
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
609 calories
26
g fat
96.2
g carbohydrates
5.8
g protein
59
mg cholesterol
218
mg sodium.
