URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260078/chicken-cordon-bleu-egg-rolls/
Title:
Chicken Cordon Bleu Egg Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/4557136.jpg
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons butter, divided
2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, sliced into thin strips
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
2 cups milk
1 cup shredded Swiss cheese
1  egg
1 (16 ounce) package egg roll wrappers
1 (8 ounce) package thinly sliced deli ham
1 (8 ounce) package thinly sliced Swiss cheese, slices cut in half
½ cup vegetable oil for frying

Directions:
Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a skillet. Cook chicken strips until no longer pink in the center, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer chicken to a plate.
Melt the remaining butter in the same skillet over medium-low heat. Whisk in flour until smooth. Cook, whisking constantly, until well combined, about 1 minute. Increase heat to medium. Add milk gradually. Cook, stirring constantly, until thickened and bubbling, about 7 minutes. Add shredded cheese, salt, and pepper. Cook and stir the sauce until the cheese melts, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat.
Beat egg with 1 tablespoon water in a small bowl.
Lay 1 egg roll wrapper on a work surface. Fold 1 piece of ham in half and place in the center of the wrapper. Top with a half-slice of Swiss cheese and a chicken strip. Cover with another half-slice of Swiss cheese and folded piece of ham. Brush the edges of the wrapper with the egg mixture; fold wrapper in half over the filling and seal the edges. Repeat with the remaining wrappers.
Heat oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place egg rolls in the hot oil; fry until crispy, about 3 minutes. Drain on paper towels.

Submitter: 
tguittar
Description: 
I love chicken cordon bleu! I also love egg rolls. If you love both of these as much as I do, you will never make chicken cordon bleu the traditional way again! This is the best of both worlds.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
48 mins
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
420 calories
19.2
g fat
26.3
g carbohydrates
33.6
g protein
110
mg cholesterol
605
mg sodium.
