URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260089/ghirardelli-holiday-bark-4-ways-deconstructed-candy-bar-bark/
Title:
Ghirardelli Holiday Bark 4 Ways: Deconstructed Candy Bar Bark Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4554798.jpg
Ingredients:
Chocolate Bark Base:
3 (4 ounce) bars Ghirardelli® 60% Cacao Baking Bars, chopped, divided
Deconstructed Candy Bar Bark:
3/4 cup honey-roasted peanuts, divided
3/4 cup sweetened shredded coconut, divided
1/2 cup Ghirardelli® Caramel Flavored Baking Chips

Directions:
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Set aside.
Place 2 chopped chocolate bars in the top pan of a double boiler over hot but not boiling water. (You may also use a glass or metal mixing bowl on top of a saucepan half filled with water.) Allow the chocolate to melt, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat and let stand to cool for 15 minutes.
Stir remaining 1 bar of chopped chocolate into the melted chocolate. Stir until melted and smooth. Stir in 1/2 cup peanuts and 1/2 cup coconut.
Pour the mixture onto the prepared baking sheet. Spread about 1/4 inch thick. Sprinkle with remaining 1/4 cup peanuts and remaining 1/4 cup coconut. Gently press the peanuts and the coconut into the bark.
In a small microwave-safe bowl, microwave the caramel chips on medium power (50 percent) in 30 second intervals, stirring between intervals until melted.
Remove and stir. If caramel chips are not melted, return to microwave and repeat the heating step, stirring every 30 seconds to avoid scorching.
Spoon the caramel mixture into a large self-sealing plastic bag. Snip off corner; drizzle caramel over bark.
Chill for 30 minutes or until firm. Use parchment to lift candy; break into pieces. Store between sheets of waxed paper in an airtight container at room temperature up to 3 days or in the refrigerator up to 2 weeks.

Submitter: 
Ghirardelli
Description: 
A melted chocolate, peanuts, and coconut mixture is poured onto a baking sheet, topped with more peanuts and coconut, then drizzled with caramel. See links in footnotes for 3 variations on chocolate bark.
Categories:
Desserts
Candy
Chocolate Candy

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
242 calories
16.1
g fat
25.2
g carbohydrates
5.3
g protein
2
mg cholesterol
75
mg sodium.
