URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260004/lactose-free-apple-and-cinnamon-muffins/
Title:
Lactose-Free Apple and Cinnamon Muffins Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 cups all-purpose flour
1/2 cup self-rising flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
3/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
3/4 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup lightly packed dark brown sugar
1/3 cup white sugar
3 Granny Smith apples - peeled, cored, and chopped
2 large eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 cup lactose-free milk (such as Zymil ®)
1/2 cup vegetable oil

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease a 12-cup muffin tin with oil or line cups with paper liners.
Sift all-purpose flour, self-rising flour, baking powder, cinnamon, nutmeg, and salt together in a small bowl. Sift the flour mixture again into a larger bowl. Stir in brown sugar and white sugar. Make a well in the centre of the flour mixture.
Place chopped apples in a saucepan and cover with water. Cover saucepan with a lid and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Simmer until apples are just tender, but not soft, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat, drain, and set aside.
Lightly beat eggs with the vanilla extract in a bowl. Whisk in milk until well combined. Whisk in vegetable oil in a slow stream.
Pour egg mixture into the well of the flour mixture in a slow stream, stirring to combine using a metal spoon. Stir the mixture until just combined. Fold in apples. Spoon batter into the prepared muffin cups, filling each 3/4 full.
Bake in the preheated oven until tops spring back when lightly pressed and a skewer inserted in the centre comes out clean, 15 to 20 minutes.
Allow muffins to stand in the pan for 3 to 5 minutes before turning them out on to a wire rack to cool.

Submitter: 
chorazy
Description: 
After having to go on a medically enforced lactose-free diet for 4 weeks I was at a loss as to what sweet treats I would still be able to eat. After amalgamating various recipes and trial and error, I came up with this delicious recipe for apple and cinnamon muffins. They're sweet, soft, and so so so tasty! Even better, they're lactose free! Best served warm when they're fresh out of the oven - though they will also keep for several days.
Categories:
Bread
Quick Bread
Muffins
Apple Muffins

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
53 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
265 calories
10.3
g fat
39.8
g carbohydrates
4.2
g protein
31
mg cholesterol
354
mg sodium.
