URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260086/ghirardelli-holiday-bark-4-ways-peppermint-bark/
Title:
Ghirardelli Holiday Bark 4 Ways: Peppermint Bark Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4554793.jpg
Ingredients:
Chocolate Bark Base:
3 (4 ounce) bars Ghirardelli® 60% Cacao Baking Bars, chopped
Peppermint Bark:
1 (10 ounce) package Ghirardelli® Holiday Baking Peppermint Chunks
2 ounces Ghirardelli® White Chocolate Baking Bar

Directions:
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Set aside.
Place 2 chopped chocolate bars in the top pan of a double boiler over hot but not boiling water. (You may also use a glass or metal mixing bowl on top of a saucepan half filled with water.) Allow the chocolate to melt, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat and let stand to cool for 15 minutes.
Stir remaining 1 bar of chopped chocolate into the melted chocolate. Stir until melted and smooth.
Stir in 3/4 cup peppermint chunks. Pour mixture onto the prepared baking sheet. Spread about 1/4 inch thick. Sprinkle with the remaining peppermint chunks.
In a small microwave-safe bowl, microwave the white chocolate on medium power (50 percent) in 30 second intervals, stirring between intervals until melted.
Remove and stir. If chocolate is not melted, return it to the microwave and repeat the heating step, stirring every 30 seconds to avoid scorching.
Spoon white chocolate mixture into a large self-sealing plastic bag. Snip off one corner; drizzle chocolate over bark.
Chill for 30 minutes or until firm. Use parchment to lift candy; break into pieces. Store between sheets of waxed paper in an airtight container at room temperature up to 3 days or in the refrigerator up to 2 weeks.

Submitter: 
Ghirardelli
Description: 
Melted dark chocolate mixed with peppermint chunks is drizzled with white chocolate and chilled on a baking sheet for a sweet holiday treat or gift! Click on the links in the footnotes for 3 variations.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
Ghirardelli&#174;

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
171 calories
12.1
g fat
18.1
g carbohydrates
1.5
g protein
1
mg cholesterol
3
mg sodium.
