URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260036/arroz-verde-green-rice-with-cilantro/
Title:
Arroz Verde (Green Rice with Cilantro) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4555554.jpg
Ingredients:
2 poblano peppers, halved and seeded
2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided
1/2 onion, chopped
1 clove garlic, minced
2 cups water
15 sprigs cilantro, chopped
1/2 lime, juiced
1 cup uncooked white rice
1 tablespoon chicken bouillon granules

Directions:
Set oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Place poblano peppers cut-side down on the prepared baking sheet.
Cook under the preheated broiler until the skin of the peppers has blackened and blistered, 5 to 8 minutes. Place blackened peppers into a bowl and tightly seal with plastic wrap. Allow peppers to steam as they cool, about 20 minutes. Remove and discard skins.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat; cook onion and garlic until soft and translucent, about 5 minutes.
Combine poblano peppers, onion, garlic, water, cilantro, and lime juice in a blender; blend until smooth.
Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a medium saucepan. Cook and stir rice, stirring frequently, until transparent, 2 to 3 minutes. Add poblano mixture and bring to a boil. Stir in chicken bouillon. Reduce heat to low, cover, and cook until rice has absorbed all liquid and is soft, about 20 minutes.
Remove rice from heat and fluff with a fork. Cover and let stand for 5 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
GabrielPadilla
Description: 
The green color of the rice comes from poblano chiles and cilantro. Arroz verde is a popular Mexican side dish that goes well with fish tacos, grilled chicken, or fahitas.
Categories:
Side Dish
Rice

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 17 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
256 calories
7.4
g fat
42.7
g carbohydrates
4.6
g protein
< 1
mg cholesterol
41
mg sodium.
