URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260002/lactose-free-banana-and-blueberry-muffins/
Title:
Lactose-Free Banana and Blueberry Muffins Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5320452.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups all-purpose flour
3/4 cup self-rising flour
2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
3/4 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup brown sugar
6 tablespoons white sugar
2 large eggs
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1/2 cup lactose-free milk (such as Zymil®)
1/2 cup vegetable oil
2 large ripe bananas
1 1/2 cups frozen blueberries

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease 18 muffin cups with oil or line cups with paper liners.
Sift all-purpose flour, self-rising flour, baking powder, cinnamon, and salt together into a small bowl. Sift the flour mixture again into a larger bowl; stir in brown sugar and white sugar. Make a well in the centre of the flour mixture.
Lightly beat eggs with the vanilla extract in a bowl. Add milk and whisk until well combined. Whisk in vegetable oil in a slow stream. Mash bananas well with a fork; fold in until thoroughly combined.
Pour egg-banana mixture into the well of the flour mixture in a slow stream, stirring to combine using a metal spoon. Stir the mixture until just combined. Fold in blueberries. Spoon batter into the prepared muffin cups, filling each 3/4 full.
Bake in the preheated oven until tops spring back when lightly pressed and a skewer inserted in the centre comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Allow muffins to stand in the cups for 3 to 5 minutes before turning them out on to a wire rack to cool.

Submitter: 
chorazy
Description: 
Beautifully soft on the inside with a slight crunch to the outside, these muffins beat traditional blueberry muffins and have the added deliciousness of banana. Especially great served warm and straight out of the oven! Best eaten a day or two after they're made though they will store for 3 days in an airtight container. Totally addictive and very much lactose free so they're easy to digest!
Categories:
Bread
Quick Bread
Muffins
Blueberry Muffins

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
208 calories
7
g fat
33.7
g carbohydrates
3.1
g protein
21
mg cholesterol
245
mg sodium.
