URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260045/bittersweet-pumpernickel-bread/
Title:
Bittersweet Pumpernickel Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups warm water
2 tablespoons white vinegar
2 teaspoons apple butter
2 tablespoons molasses
3 tablespoons brown sugar
3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder
1 teaspoon ground coffee beans
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 tablespoons butter, melted
1 tablespoon wheat germ
1/2 teaspoon fennel seed
2 1/4 teaspoons active dry yeast
1 cup whole wheat flour
4 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
cooking spray
3 tablespoons cornmeal, or as needed, divided

Directions:
Combine water, vinegar, apple butter, molasses, brown sugar, cocoa powder, coffee, salt, butter, wheat germ, fennel seed, and yeast in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a dough hook. Mix until just combined. Add whole wheat flour; mix to combine. Add all-purpose flour, 1 cup at time, mixing on medium-high speed after each addition. Knead until fully incorporated and the dough forms a ball, about 4 minutes.
Grease a large bowl with cooking spray. Place the dough in the bowl. Cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled in volume, about 1 hour.
Sprinkle 1 tablespoon cornmeal onto a large baking sheet. Divide the dough into 2 portions. Tuck the edges underneath each dough ball to form tight loaves. Place loaves on the baking sheet; let rise until doubled in volume, about 1 hour.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Place a large pizza stone in the oven.
Sprinkle 2 tablespoons cornmeal onto a bread paddle. Transfer 1 loaf carefully onto the bread paddle. Gently jiggle the loaf while sliding it onto 1 side of the hot pizza stone. Dust the bread paddle with the remaining cornmeal and repeat to transfer the second loaf.
Bake in the preheated oven for 5 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Continue baking until top is golden brown, about 30 minutes more. Slide the bread paddle underneath each loaf, 1 at a time. Transfer to a cutting board and gently tap the bottom; if it sounds hollow, the bread is done. Set loaves on their sides; let cool for at least 20 minutes.

Submitter: 
Sweettoothgirl
Description: 
This is my own version of brown bread, and it is very wholesome. Its deep brown color is attributed to the molasses, cocoa powder, and wheat germ in it. Enjoy with lots of apple butter or cream cheese if desired.
Categories:
Bread
Yeast Bread
Whole Grain Bread
Wheat Bread

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
262 calories
2.9
g fat
52.3
g carbohydrates
7.1
g protein
5
mg cholesterol
310
mg sodium.
