URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260098/chocolate-espresso-pizzelles/
Title:
Chocolate-Espresso Pizzelles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4557703.jpg
Ingredients:
Pizzelles:
1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
1/4 cup unsweetened dark chocolate cocoa powder
2 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 cup Sugar In The Raw®
1/2 cup Stevia In The Raw®
1 1/2 teaspoons instant espresso powder
2 eggs
1/2 cup salted butter, melted and cooled to room temperature
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Whipped Espresso Buttercream:
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 1/2 teaspoons instant espresso powder
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
3/4 cup low-fat milk
1/2 cup salted butter, at room temperature
1/3 cup Sugar In The Raw®
1/3 cup Stevia In The Raw®

Directions:
Preheat pizzelle baker. Over a large bowl, sift to combine flour, cocoa and baking powder.
In a separate large bowl, whisk to combine Sugar In The Raw(R), Stevia In The Raw(R) and espresso powder. Whisk in eggs then butter and vanilla. Add flour mixture to wet ingredients and mix until just combined.
Add a heaping teaspoon of batter to the bottom grid of the pizzelle baker. Close the iron and cook until the timer light indicates - about 45 seconds. Cool on wire rack and repeat with remaining batter.
To make buttercream begin by dissolving espresso powder into the vanilla extract in a small bowl. Set aside.
In a small saucepan whisk flour and milk over medium-low heat, stirring constantly until it thickens to a paste. Transfer to a bowl to cool completely to room temperature. Stir in vanilla-espresso mixture.
While the mixture cools, using a stand or hand mixer cream the butter, Sugar In The Raw and Stevia In The Raw until light and fluffy - about 5 minutes. Scrape down the sides throughout beating to ensure butter, sugar and stevia combine completely. Add the cooled milk mixture and beat an additional 5 minutes until cohesive.
Arrange half the cookies on your countertop or work surface. Spread buttercream onto cookies and top with remaining half of cookies.

Submitter: 
In The Raw
Description: 
Chocolate with a hint of espresso pizzelle cookies filled with a light whipped espresso buttercream. Made with Stevia In The Raw® for less sugar and calories!
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
In The Raw&#174; Sweeteners

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
350 calories
20.1
g fat
41.5
g carbohydrates
4.8
g protein
87
mg cholesterol
253
mg sodium.
