URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260158/vegetarian-pozole-verde-hominy-soup/
Title:
Vegetarian Pozole Verde (Hominy Soup) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5508135.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 pound dried pinto beans
1/2 cup vegetable oil, divided
8 ounces raw shelled pumpkin seeds
Tomatillo Sauce:
1 pound tomatillos - husked, cored, chopped
10 serrano peppers, chopped
1 bunch arugula leaves, chopped
10 leaves fresh spinach, chopped
10 leaves Boston lettuce, chopped
1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley
1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves
2 quarts vegetable stock, or more as needed
2 (29 ounce) cans white hominy, drained and rinsed
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Place pinto beans in a large stock pot with water to cover; let soak, 8 hours to overnight. Drain.
Cover the beans with about 3 inches water and cook over medium-low heat until tender, 35 to 40 minutes. Drain.
Heat 1/4 cup vegetable oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Add pumpkin seeds; cook and stir until light brown and popping, about 6 minutes. Let cool slightly, about 5 minutes.
Pour pumpkin seeds and oil into a blender or food processor. Blend until smooth. Add 1/2 the tomatillos, serrano peppers, arugula, spinach, lettuce, parsley, and cilantro into the blender. Puree until smooth. Pour into a large bowl. Repeat with remaining tomatillos, serrano peppers, arugula, spinach, lettuce, parsley, and cilantro.
Heat remaining 1/4 cup oil in a deep pot. Add the tomatillo sauce carefully. Simmer, stirring with a wooden spoon, until thickened, about 30 minutes.
Pour pinto beans, vegetable stock, and hominy into the pot. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low. Let simmer, uncovered, until flavors are thoroughly blended, about 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.

Submitter: 
Grace Preya.
Description: 
This recipe is my vegetarian adaptation of Pozole Verde: Hominy and Meat Soup with Green Herbs from 'A Cook's Tour of Mexico' by Nancy Zaslavsky. It's a great way to use up all the tomatillos and greens that we tend to get in our CSA boxes in the Pacific Northwest. This soup is great topped with a quick red onion pickle and crumbled cotija cheese.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Beans and Peas

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
10 h 6 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
563 calories
30.3
g fat
58.7
g carbohydrates
18.4
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
753
mg sodium.
