URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260113/extra-tasty-mapo-doufu/
Title:
Extra Tasty Mapo Doufu Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon Szechuan peppercorns, or to taste
3 tablespoons peanut oil
1/2 pound ground pork
3 tablespoons chili bean sauce
4 teaspoons Chinese black bean and garlic sauce
1 tablespoon sliced dried Szechuan red chiles, or to taste
1 cup chicken stock
1 (14 ounce) container firm tofu, cut into 1/2-inch cubes
2 teaspoons soy sauce
2 pinches white sugar, or to taste
2 teaspoons cornstarch
1/4 cup chopped green onions

Directions:
Set oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler.
Spread Szechuan peppercorns over a baking sheet.
Bake peppercorns under the preheated broiler until toasted, about 1 minute. Let cool; transfer to a mortar and pestle and crush into medium grinds.
Heat a wok or saucepan over high heat. Add oil; cook ground pork until mostly browned and crumbly, about 1 minute. Move pork to 1 side of the pan with a spatula. Reduce heat to medium. Add chili bean paste; cook and stir until oil turns red, about 30 seconds. Stir pork into oil.
Mix black bean sauce and dried chiles into the pork mixture; cook until aromatic, about 30 seconds. Stir in chicken stock. Add tofu gently; shake pan back and forth until tofu is coated in sauce but not broken, about 2 minutes. Add soy sauce and sugar. Reduce heat to low; let simmer, about 5 minutes.
Mix cornstarch in a small bowl with 2 tablespoons cold water. Increase heat to medium. Add to the tofu mixture, 1 teaspoon at a time, until sauce is almost as thick as ketchup and clings to the tofu, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat. Mix in the green onions. Sprinkle toasted peppercorns on top.

Submitter: 
fujimama
Description: 
A spicy tofu and meat dish originating from the Szechuan province of China. After having a wonderful version of it in Beijing I came up with this version of it to fill my craving. Serve over short grain rice.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Chinese

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
33 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
251 calories
19.1
g fat
8.3
g carbohydrates
13.9
g protein
37
mg cholesterol
1107
mg sodium.
