URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260132/flourless-chocolate-brownies-gluten-free/
Title:
Flourless Chocolate Brownies (Gluten Free) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4555824.jpg
Ingredients:
1 teaspoon unsalted butter
1 1/2 teaspoons unsweetened cocoa powder
2 (4 ounce) bars dark chocolate (60 to 65% cocoa), chopped
1/4 cup unsalted butter, diced
1/4 cup coconut oil
5 eggs
2/3 cup white sugar
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1/4 teaspoon instant espresso powder
1 pinch salt
1 tablespoon confectioners' sugar for dusting (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Grease an 8-inch baking pan with 1 teaspoon butter. Add cocoa powder; move pan around to spread evenly. Turn pan upside down over the sink; tap gently to remove excess cocoa. Place baking pan inside a larger baking pan.
Place chocolate, 1/4 cup butter, and coconut oil in top of a double boiler over simmering water. Stir frequently, scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula to avoid scorching, until chocolate is almost completely melted, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from heat.
Bring 4 cups water to a simmer in the same saucepan from the double boiler.
Whisk eggs and sugar together in a large bowl. Mix vanilla extract and espresso together in a separate bowl until espresso is dissolved. Pour vanilla extract mixture into egg mixture. Add salt. Stir in cooled chocolate mixture.
Pour chocolate batter into the prepared 8-inch pan. Pour simmering water into the larger baking pan to create a hot water bath.
Bake brownies in the water bath in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out mostly clean, with a few crumbs attached, 52 to 55 minutes.
Remove 8-inch pan carefully from the hot water bath. Invert onto a wire rack lined with parchment paper. Cool for 30 minutes. Refrigerate until firm, about 3 hours. Cut into squares and sprinkle with confectioners' sugar.

Submitter: 
LaurenMarie
Description: 
Gluten-free brownies! These little things make me so happy! They are a perfect combination of brownie flavor and fudge-like texture. Plus, when I bake them, the whole house smells like chocolate! Garnish with confectioners' sugar to make them extra pretty and serve with a cold glass of milk or vanilla almond milk.  MMM!
Categories:
Desserts
Cookies
Brownies
Chocolate Brownies

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
4 h 37 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
190 calories
12.6
g fat
17.4
g carbohydrates
2.8
g protein
67
mg cholesterol
33
mg sodium.
