URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260159/fish-tacos-al-pastor/
Title:
Fish Tacos al Pastor Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4556770.jpg
Ingredients:
Mexican Charred Tomatillo Salsa:
2 pounds fresh tomatillos, husks removed
10 dried chile de arbol peppers
2 cloves garlic, unpeeled
salt to taste
Fish Tacos al Pastor:
10 guajillo chile peppers - stems, seeds, and veins removed
5 pasilla chile peppers - stems, seeds, and veins removed
1/4 cup white vinegar
1/4 cup orange juice
1 clove garlic
3 whole cloves
1 pinch ground cumin
salt and freshly ground black pepper
2 pounds skinless trout fillets
1/4 cup butter
1 large onion, finely chopped, divided
1 cup chopped fresh pineapple
12 corn tortillas
1 cup chopped fresh cilantro
4 limes, cut into wedges for garnish

Directions:
Wash tomatillos under cold running water.
Line a heavy cast iron grill pan or griddle with aluminum foil and place over high heat. Arrange tomatillos, chiles de arbol, and 2 cloves garlic in a single layer on top. Grill until chiles are blackened, turning as necessary, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a bowl. Continue grilling tomatillos and garlic until they are evenly blackened, 8 to 10 minutes more.
Peel garlic and place in a mortar and pestle. Season with salt and pound into a thick paste. Add chiles; pound until smooth. Add as many tomatillos as you can fit in your mortar; pound until chunky. Transfer salsa to a bowl. Repeat with remaining tomatillos, mixing them into the bowl of salsa in batches.
Place guajillo and pasilla chile peppers in a saucepan, cover with water, and cook until softened, about 25 minutes.
Combine softened peppers, vinegar, orange juice, 1 clove garlic, cloves, cumin, salt, and pepper in a blender; blend until smooth. Add some water if sauce is too thick. Strain into a small saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium-low heat, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool, about 5 minutes.
Season trout fillets with pepper and put in a lidded container or a large resealable plastic bag. Cover with cooled sauce and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes or up to 4 hours.
Remove trout fillets from the refrigerator and let stand at room temperature for 10 minutes. Remove from sauce and cut into cubes. Reserve marinade.
Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat and cook 1/2 the onion until soft and translucent, about 3 minutes. Add trout and reserved sauce; cook over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until trout is opaque and the sauce has been reduced, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat and fold in pineapple.
Warm corn tortillas in a skillet. Divide trout mixture amongst tortillas and top with remaining 1/2 onion and cilantro. Serve with lime wedges and charred tomatillo salsa.

Submitter: 
Ofelia Bañuelos
Description: 
These fish tacos al pastor taste as good as the original pork version. I serve them with homemade charred tomatillo sauce and they are to die for.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Latin American
Mexican

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 14 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
670 calories
20.5
g fat
75.7
g carbohydrates
41.9
g protein
101
mg cholesterol
212
mg sodium.
