URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260136/vegan-breakfast-burritos-on-the-go-/
Title:
Vegan Breakfast Burritos On the Go  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 (12 ounce) package extra-firm tofu
1 cup water
1 cube vegetable bouillon (such as Edward & Sons Not Chick'n Bouillon Cubes速)
1 tablespoon ground turmeric
1 teaspoon liquid amino acid (such as Bragg速)
1 teaspoon onion powder
1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes (optional)
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
1/2 teaspoon dried sage
1 (32 ounce) package frozen bite-size potato nuggets (such as Tater Tots速)
7 ounces ground vegan sausage (such as Gimme Lean速)
cooking spray
6 (9 inch) tortillas whole wheat tortillas
1 (8 ounce) package shredded mozzarella-style vegan cheese (optional)

Directions:
Place tofu onto a plate and place another plate on top. Set a 3- to 5-pound weight on top. Press tofu for 20 to 30 minutes; drain and discard the accumulated liquid.
Combine water and bouillon cube in a large microwave-safe bowl. Heat in the microwave on high until water is hot and cube is dissolved, about 2 minutes.
Stir turmeric, liquid amino acid, onion powder, red pepper flakes, garlic powder, ground black pepper, ground ginger, and sage into the hot bouillon. Crumble tofu into the bowl and stir gently.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Arrange potato nuggets on a baking sheet in a single layer.
Bake in the preheated oven until crisp, 28 to 32 minutes.
Heat a skillet over medium heat. Flatten ground vegan sausage onto a plate using a rubber spatula sprayed with cooking spray to prevent sticking. Slide sausage into the hot skillet; cook until browned on the bottom, 4 to 5 minutes. Flip and continue cooking, breaking sausage into smaller chunks, until fully browned. Transfer to a plate.
Add tofu scramble mixture to the hot skillet. Cook until liquid has been absorbed, about 5 minutes.
Place a tortilla on a microwave-safe plate. Sprinkle 2 tablespoons of mozzarella-style vegan cheese on top and heat in the microwave until melted, about 10 seconds. Place 6 cooked potato nuggets in 2 rows down the center of the tortilla. Add 2 tablespoons of cooked vegan sausage and 1/4 cup of the tofu scramble.
Fold one side of the tortilla in to cover the rows of potato nuggets. Fold in 2 shorter sides, then roll the rest of the tortilla over to complete the burrito. Repeat with remaining tortillas, vegan cheese, potato nuggets, vegan sausage, and tofu scramble.

Submitter: 
emorycc
Description: 
Delicious answer for vegans that want a hot breakfast on the go. My husband places all the cooked fillings (potato nuggets, sausage, and tofu scramble) in a plastic container and reheats it at work for quick burritos in the morning. Serve them with your favorite salsa.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Potatoes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 24 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
610 calories
27.9
g fat
81.8
g carbohydrates
22.5
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
1669
mg sodium.
