URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260254/easy-oven-baked-chicken-cordon-bleu/
Title:
Easy Oven-Baked Chicken Cordon Bleu Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/4559121.jpg
Ingredients:
cooking spray
6  boneless, skinless chicken breast cutlets
½ teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon ground black pepper
6 thin slices deli ham
2 cups shredded sharp Cheddar cheese, divided
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1  egg, beaten
2 tablespoons milk
1 ¼ cups bread crumbs
1 tablespoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon oregano
2 tablespoons butter, melted
½ cup chicken broth

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Coat a 9x13-inch baking pan with cooking spray.
Place 3 cutlets side by side in the prepared pan and season with salt and pepper. Top with overlapping ham slices, starting 1/4 inch away from the edges of the cutlets. Sprinkle 1 1/2 cups Cheddar cheese over ham. Lay remaining 3 cutlets side by side on top, covering all the Cheddar cheese. Sprinkle flour on top, spreading with hands to cover.
Combine beaten egg and milk in a bowl; pour over the chicken.
Combine bread crumbs with oregano in a bowl; sprinkle over the top and sides to cover all surfaces of chicken. Spoon any excess egg mixture from the bottom of the pan over the chicken. Drizzle melted butter on top; pour chicken broth around the edges. Top with the remaining 1/2 cup Cheddar cheese.
Bake in the preheated oven until cutlets are no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 30 to 35 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Turn oven to broil and cook until top is crispy and golden brown, about 5 minutes more.

Submitter: 
1misskimbie1
Description: 
This version is easy since it uses the chicken cutlets which are much thinner than the whole breast - thus no pounding - and the ingredients are layered instead of rolled. It all came together accidentally tonight when I realized the cutlets were too small to roll. My family loved it...I hope you will too!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
55 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
493 calories
25.9
g fat
21.4
g carbohydrates
41.8
g protein
160
mg cholesterol
870
mg sodium.
