URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260384/aunt-rockys-fluffy-lchf-pancakes-low-carb-grain-free-gluten-free-low-glycemic/
Title:
Aunt Rocky's Fluffy LCHF Pancakes (Low Carb, Grain Free, Gluten Free, Low Glycemic) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4564838.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup coconut flour
1 1/2 tablespoons erythritol
1 tablespoon oat fiber (such as LifeSource Foods速)
1/2 teaspoon gluten-free baking powder (such as Rumford速)
1/4 teaspoon xanthan gum
1 pinch salt
1 teaspoon oil, or as desired
5 large eggs
1/2 cup butter, melted
3 tablespoons water
3 tablespoons heavy whipping cream
1 teaspoon cider vinegar (such as Bragg速)
1 teaspoon vanilla extract

Directions:
Whisk coconut flour, erythritol, oat fiber, baking powder, xanthan gum, and salt together in a bowl, breaking up any lumps in the coconut flour.
Preheat a griddle or pan over medium-low heat and lightly oil the surface.
Mix eggs, butter, water, cream, vinegar, and vanilla extract into the bowl with the coconut flour mixture. Stir well to combine; batter will be thicker than regular pancake batter.
Scoop 1/4 cup batter at a time onto the preheated griddle, leaving space between each pancake and smoothing the tops slightly. Cook until bubbles form, edges begin to dry, and the bottom is browned, 2 to 5 minutes. Flip pancakes carefully using a thin spatula; continue cooking until firm and browned on the second side, about 1 minute more.

Submitter: 
Auntrocky
Description: 
Have you been missing a low-carb pancake that has true pancake texture and mouth feel? Here it is! These are so moist and buttery all on their own,  you may not need to top with butter. Just drizzle your favorite sugar-free pancake syrup, jam, or berries over the top and serve. A meal of 2 pancakes is only 237 calories, 2 net carbs, and very filling.  Suitable for: gluten-free, Atkins速, lchf, low-carb, diabetic, low-glycemic. Serve with your favorite pancake syrup or toppings. These are very buttery, so you may not need to top them with more butter. Extra pancakes can be stored in refrigerator or frozen.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Pancakes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
13 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
110 calories
10.8
g fat
2.7
g carbohydrates
2.7
g protein
100
mg cholesterol
120
mg sodium.
