URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260380/aunt-rockys-rich-microwave-chocolate-pudding-lchf-gluten-free-keto/
Title:
Aunt Rocky's Rich Microwave Chocolate Pudding (LCHF, Gluten Free, Keto) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4561826.jpg
Ingredients:
2/3 cup erythritol confectioners' sweetener (such as Swerve®)
1/4 cup unsweetened dark cocoa powder (such as FineNaturals® Ultra Dark Cocoa Powder)
3/4 teaspoon glucomannan konjac root fiber
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup heavy whipping cream
1 cup water
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
4 (1 ounce) squares dark chocolate (such as Lindt 90% Cacao Supreme Dark), broken into pieces

Directions:
Whisk confectioners' sweetener, cocoa powder, glucomannon, and salt together in a large microwave-safe bowl or measuring cup; pudding will bubble up during cooking.
Combine cream, water, and vanilla extract in a separate bowl. Whisk gradually into the cocoa mixture until no dry spots remain. Add chocolate pieces.
Microwave the pudding on high for 1 minute. Whisk briskly and continue cooking, whisking every 40 seconds, until bubbling and chocolate is melted, about 3 minutes. Pour into seven 4-ounce ramekins or serving dishes. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until thoroughly chilled, at least 30 minutes.

Submitter: 
Auntrocky
Description: 
This is so easy to make up, and very chocolaty. It's one of my favorite low-carb desserts. It could probably be cooked on top of the stove, if you prefer, but doing it in the microwave is fast and easy. My carb-eating family cannot tell this is a low-carb dessert! Suitable for: gluten-free, Atkins®, keto, LCHF, low-carb, diabetic, and low-glycemic diets. Store, covered, in refrigerator. May be frozen and defrosted on the counter with no separation of the pudding.
Categories:
Desserts
Custards and Puddings
Chocolate Pudding

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
7
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
215 calories
18.2
g fat
31.8
g carbohydrates
2.2
g protein
47
mg cholesterol
99
mg sodium.
