URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260306/vegan-tacos-with-mushrooms-and-tomatillos/
Title:
Vegan Tacos with Mushrooms and Tomatillos Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5065518.jpg
Ingredients:
15 tomatillos, husked and halved
2 dried chile de arbol peppers
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
18 ounces cremini mushrooms, sliced
salt to taste
9 (6 inch) corn tortillas
Garnish:
1/2 onion, chopped
1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro

Directions:
Set oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Place tomatillos on top, cut-side up.
Broil in the preheated oven until tomatillos have a dark brown color and are caramelized, about 20 minutes. Remove from oven and allow to cool slightly.
Toast chile de arbol peppers in a small skillet over medium heat, turning once, until starting to brown lightly in spots (don't char), about 3 minutes. Transfer to a plate.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat while tomatillos cool. Add mushrooms and cook, stirring frequently, until softened, about 5 minutes.
Combine 3 tomatillos and arbol chiles in a blender; blend until smooth. Pour over mushrooms in the skillet. Add remaining tomatillos with the roasting juices from the baking sheet. Mix well and cook over low heat until mushrooms have softened, 5 to 8 minutes. Season with salt.
Warm corn tortillas in a skillet. Divide mushroom mixture amongst tortillas and top with chopped onion and cilantro.

Submitter: 
Crema
Description: 
This taco filling with mushrooms, pieces of caramelized tomatillos, and a touch of chile de arbol tastes delicious even without the tortillas as a side dish. Stuff it into corn tortillas for a great vegan taco.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Latin American
Mexican

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
425 calories
13.7
g fat
64.7
g carbohydrates
14.5
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
109
mg sodium.
