URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260469/chef-johns-chicken-tinga/?src=VD_Summary
Title:
Chef John's Chicken Tinga Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
3 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs
3  peeled whole garlic cloves
1 large yellow onion, halved
2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more to taste
½ teaspoon dried oregano
4 cups chicken stock
1 cup water
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 large onion, diced
1 (7 ounce) can chipotle peppers in adobo sauce
1 (28 ounce) can peeled plum tomatoes (preferably San Marzano)
2 tablespoons crumbled cotija cheese, or to taste
3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, or more to taste

Directions:
Place chicken thighs, garlic cloves, halved onion, salt, oregano, water, and chicken stock, and water in a large pot. Bring to a simmer over high heat; reduce to medium-low. Simmer 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat.
Transfer onion halves to a bowl with a slotted spoon; transfer chicken thighs to a separate bowl.
Pour broth through a strainer into a large bowl.
Heat olive oil in the same pot over medium heat. Add diced onions and cook until beginning to soften, about 4 minutes. Transfer strained liquid to onions. Bring mixture to a boil over high heat; turn heat to medium-low; reduce broth by about half, 15 to 20 minutes.
Transfer reserved boiled onions to a blender. Add chipotle peppers and the adobo sauce. Swirl a bit of water in the can and add to the blender. Add tomatoes. Cover blender with the lid. Pulse on and off until mixture is partially blended. Blend on medium speed until smooth, 1 or 2 minutes. Transfer to pot with broth and onions.
Increase heat to medium-high. Simmer 15 minutes or so, depending on how thick you want the sauce. Reduce heat to medium-low.
Tear chicken into bite-size pieces and add to the pot. Cook another 10 to 15 minutes. Transfer to a serving dish; garnish with crumbled cotija cheese and cilantro.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
When I'm at a taqueria, it's hard to decide between the chicken with green sauce or with red sauce. Here's my version of the red sauce. It's great on a crispy tortilla and topped with the usual suspects.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
31 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.9
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 30 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
483 calories
29.5
g fat
13.6
g carbohydrates
38.8
g protein
137
mg cholesterol
1915
mg sodium.
