URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260456/mediterranean-roast-chicken/
Title:
Mediterranean Roast Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/4560256.jpg
Ingredients:
1 large orange, juiced
¼ cup Dijon mustard
¼ cup olive oil
4 teaspoons dried Greek oregano
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
12  potatoes, peeled and cubed
5 cloves garlic, minced
1  whole chicken

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Whisk orange juice, Dijon mustard, olive oil, Greek oregano, salt, and pepper together in a large bowl. Add potatoes and coat thoroughly with the mixture. Transfer potatoes to a large baking dish.
Stuff garlic cloves into the chicken underneath the skin. Place the chicken into the bowl with the remaining orange juice mixture; coat thoroughly and transfer to the baking dish on top of the potatoes. Pour any remaining orange juice mixture over the chicken and potatoes.
Bake uncovered in the preheated oven until no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, 60 to 90 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh, near the bone, should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Check every 30 minutes while roasting and add a bit of hot water if the potatoes seem too dry.
Remove chicken from the oven, cover with a doubled sheet of aluminum foil, and allow to rest in a warm area for 10 minutes before slicing.

Submitter: 
Diana Moutsopoulos
Description: 
This recipe comes from Greece, where roast chicken and potatoes are a staple dish. You can use lemon or orange juice in this roast chicken recipe; I like both. Lemon is more typical. Also, my aunt never uses garlic, so you can leave it out if desired. Serve with a crisp green salad.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
4 Ratings
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 40 mins
Number of servings: 
10 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
724 calories
26.6
g fat
81.6
g carbohydrates
39.8
g protein
97
mg cholesterol
395
mg sodium.
