URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260420/paleo-pumpkin-chocolate-chip-mini-doughnuts/
Title:
Paleo Pumpkin Chocolate Chip Mini Doughnuts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 cup cassava flour (such as Otto's)
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 tablespoon pumpkin pie spice
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup butter, softened
2 tablespoons coconut sugar
1/2 cup pumpkin puree
1/2 cup dark chocolate chips
6 tablespoons pure maple syrup
1/4 cup full-fat coconut milk
1 egg
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Chocolate Glaze:
1/2 cup dark chocolate chips
1 teaspoon coconut oil

Directions:
Whisk cassava flour, baking powder, pumpkin pie spice, and salt together in a medium bowl.
Combine butter and coconut sugar in a separate medium bowl; beat with an electric mixer until fluffy. Add pumpkin puree, chocolate chips, maple syrup, coconut milk, egg, and vanilla extract. Mix until well combined. Add flour mixture and mix until ingredients combine and form a thick batter.
Preheat a doughnut maker according to manufacturers' instructions.
Spoon batter into a pastry or a resealable plastic bag. Cut the tip off and pipe batter into the doughnut maker molds. Close the lid and bake according to manufacturer's instructions, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer doughnuts to a cooling rack and let cool completely.
While doughnuts are cooling, heat chocolate chips and coconut oil in a double boiler until melted and smooth, about 5 minutes. Spoon glaze into a small bowl. Dip the top of each doughnut in chocolate glaze and return to the cooling rack. Drizzle any remaining chocolate on top. Let stand until glaze hardens, about 10 minutes.

Submitter: 
Back Porch Paleo
Description: 
Cassava flour pumpkin chocolate chip doughnuts, the perfect paleo combo! Store any uneaten donuts in the refrigerator.
Categories:
Bread
Quick Bread
Pumpkin Bread

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
14
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
179 calories
8.2
g fat
27.3
g carbohydrates
1.4
g protein
22
mg cholesterol
169
mg sodium.
