URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260465/halloween-punch-with-frozen-hand/
Title:
Halloween Punch with Frozen Hand Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4561735.jpg
Ingredients:
Frozen Hand:
disposable glove
2 1/2 cups water, divided
2 1/2 (.25 ounce) packages gelatin powder
Ginger Syrup:
1/2 cup water
1/2 cup white sugar
2 ounces fresh ginger root, peeled and thinly sliced
2 cinnamon sticks
5 whole cloves
Punch:
2 quarts cranberry juice, chilled
2 quarts sparkling water, chilled
1 1/4 cups vodka, chilled (optional)

Directions:
Wash and rinse the outside of a large disposable glove. Turn glove inside out.
Pour 1/4 cup cold water into a large bowl and sprinkle gelatin powder on top; let stand for 1 minute.
Bring remaining 2 1/2 cups water to a boil. Pour over gelatin mixture, stirring constantly until granules are completely dissolved. Allow to cool slightly.
Pour gelatin mixture into the glove using a funnel. Ensure that the liquid has completely filled all of the fingers. Use a rubber band to tie the top closed. Place on a plate or tray lined with parchment paper and freeze until solid, 1 to 2 days.
Combine 1/2 water, sugar, ginger, cinnamon sticks, and cloves in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer for 15 minutes. Remove from heat. Pass through a sieve to catch ginger pieces and spices. Let cool.
Combine juice, sparkling water, and vodka in a large punch bowl. Stir in 1/2 of the ginger syrup. Add more syrup to reach desired flavor.
Remove frozen hand from the freezer and dip briefly in warm water. Cut off the top of the glove. Peel away the glove carefully. Immerse the frozen hand in the punch before serving.

Submitter: 
Lucy
Description: 
This creepy Halloween punch with a spooky frozen hand is the perfect drink recipe for your Halloween party! Make it with alcohol or without if you want the kids to have some as well. You can always add a little booze to individual glasses, as well. Prepare the gelatin hand at least 1 day in advance.
Categories:
Drinks
Punch
Adult Punch

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 d 56 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
143 calories
0.2
g fat
24.5
g carbohydrates
1
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
11
mg sodium.
