URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260433/shish-tawook-mediterranean-chicken-kabobs/
Title:
Shish Tawook (Mediterranean Chicken Kabobs) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5115318.jpg
Ingredients:
6 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
salt to taste
8 large cloves garlic, chopped, or more to taste
1/2 cup olive oil
2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, or more to taste
2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, or more to taste
2 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar, or more to taste
2 tablespoons lemon juice, or more to taste
1 tablespoon red pepper flakes
1 tablespoon ground allspice
1 tablespoon ground sumac
1/8 teaspoon pomegranate syrup

Directions:
Season chicken breasts with salt. Cut each breast into 3 to 4 pieces. Place in a large bowl; stir in garlic. Add olive oil, apple cider vinegar, red wine vinegar, white balsamic vinegar, lemon juice, red pepper flakes, allspice, sumac, and pomegranate syrup. Mix well with your hands.
Cover chicken mixture with plastic wrap, pressing against the surface to remove any air. Refrigerate for at least 4 hours and up to overnight.
Preheat an outdoor grill and 2 grill baskets with the cover closed for 10 minutes. Divide chicken evenly between the grill baskets. Grill until golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes per side.

Submitter: 
soulman
Description: 
Grilled, marinated, Mediterranean-style chicken. 
This recipe was inspired by the Lebanese restaurant for which I used to work. Its flavor is so unique and outside the box and will have everyone trying to guess the ingredients because its flavor is so mouth watering! Goes great with a plain or bland rice pilaf. Also fatoosh or tabbouleh salad goes well with it as a side. You'll need metal skewers or a grilling basket (I prefer the basket).
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Chicken
Chicken Breasts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
4 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
311 calories
21.1
g fat
5.8
g carbohydrates
24.4
g protein
65
mg cholesterol
87
mg sodium.
