URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/26040124/the-waldorf-astoria-cake/
Title:
THE Waldorf-Astoria Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 1/4 c. + 2 Tbsp. sifted cake flour
1 tsp. salt
1/2 c. shortening
1 1/2 c. sugar
2 eggs
2 oz. red food coloring
2 tsp. unsweetened cocoa
1 c. buttermilk
1 tsp. white vinegar
1 tsp. baking soda

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350.
Cut waxed or parchment paper to fit the bottoms of two 9 inch cake pans. Grease the pans and insert the paper into the bottoms of pans. Set aside.
Measure the cake flour and sift. Measure and sift again into a bowl with the salt. Set aside.
In a large mixing bowl, cream the shortening, sugar and eggs.
In a small bowl or custard cup, combine the food coloring and cocoa to make a paste. Add this to the creamed ingredients and mix well.
In a measuring cup, combine the buttermilk with the baking soda and vinegar, making sure to stir well - it will foam and acts as the levening.
Alternately add the flour/salt and buttermilk mixtures, ending with the buttermilk.
Divide the batter between the two prepared cake pans.
Bake for approx. 30 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean.
Allow to cool for about 30 minutes in the pans, then loosen the sides of the cakes and turn out to racks to finish cooling completely before icing.
When cakes are cooled and icing is ready, split each cake and ice each layer. Assemble and ice the outside.
Decorate as desired or leave as is!

Submitter: 
Jacki_In_Simi
Description: 
Dad recieved this recipe from his Grandma Burnidge in 1953. It's the only one used in our family to make that famous Red Velvet Cake (as most people know it). This should ONLY be made with the traditional icing, as well (the recipe is included separately). All in all, it's a time-consuming recipe, but oh, so good! Debbie made this for Holly's wedding and it was outstanding!!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 hr., 30 min.
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
