URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260409/pork-chops-kale-and-mushroom-in-a-spicy-broth/
Title:
Pork Chops, Kale, and Mushroom in a Spicy Broth Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon unsalted butter
1 tablespoon olive oil, or as needed
4 bone-in pork chops
1 large shallot, chopped
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 bunch kale, ribs and stems removed, chopped
2 cups sliced baby bella mushrooms
1 onion, thinly sliced
1 red bell pepper, thinly sliced
1 teaspoon sea salt, or to taste
3/4 teaspoon ground black pepper, or to taste
1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes, or more to taste
2 cups low-sodium chicken broth
2 teaspoons Dijon mustard
1 teaspoon arrowroot powder

Directions:
Heat a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add butter and olive oil; heat until melted. Add pork chops; cook until browned, about 2 minutes per side. Add shallot and garlic; cook until tender, about 1 minute. Toss in kale, mushrooms, onion, and red bell pepper; cover and cook until wilted, about 5 minutes. Season with salt, pepper, and pepper flakes.
Pour chicken broth and Dijon mustard into the saucepan. Bring to a high simmer. Reduce heat to medium-low. Stir in arrowroot; cook until broth is reduced by half and sauce has thickened, about 5 minutes. Divide between 2 pasta bowls.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
Here is another one-pot recipe that you can prepare, cook, and serve in 30 minutes with no mess to clean after! Just the pot and your plates. Enjoy this paleo recipe for 2! 

If you want to know my secret ingredient to make the sauce in this dish and some of my others extremely special... It's adding a little Dijon mustard in the broth. I promise once you try it, you will add it to many of your dishes! Go ahead, try it!
Categories:
Everyday Cooking

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
753 calories
39.1
g fat
43.5
g carbohydrates
62.7
g protein
145
mg cholesterol
1600
mg sodium.
