URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260448/pomegranate-molasses-glazed-turkey/
Title:
Pomegranate Molasses-Glazed Turkey Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4561701.jpg
Ingredients:
Pomegranate Molasses:
4 cups pomegranate juice
1/2 cup white sugar
1/2 cup lemon juice
For the Turkey:
1/4 cup prepared horseradish
2 tablespoons Dijon mustard
1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage
1 (12 pound) whole turkey, neck and giblets removed
1/2 cup olive oil
kosher salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Heat pomegranate juice, sugar, and lemon juice in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Cook, stirring continuously, until sugar is dissolved, 3 to 5 minutes. Bring to a simmer; reduce heat to medium-low. Cook, stirring frequently, until reduced down to 1 1/2 cups, about 1 hour. Remove from heat. Let pomegranate molasses cool to room temperature, at least 20 minutes.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Whisk the pomegranate molasses, horseradish, mustard, and sage together in a bowl to make the glaze.
Remove any giblets or gizzards from the turkey and place the turkey in a roasting pan. Brush with olive oil; season with salt and pepper.
Bake in the preheated oven, basting with the juices from the bottom of the pan every 15 minutes, for 2 hours. When an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh, near the bone, reads 175 degrees F (79 degrees C), brush turkey with 1 cup glaze. Continue roasting until no longer pink in the center, about 15 minutes more.
Remove turkey from the oven and brush with the remaining glaze. Cover with a loose tent of aluminum foil and allow to rest for 15 minutes before carving up that turkey.

Submitter: 
Shauna James Ahern
Description: 
If you're like most people, you've probably made the same turkey every Thanksgiving, year after year. Why not jazz up the flavor this time with a little pomegranate molasses? This Middle Eastern syrup is sweet but also deeply flavored with a little sourness. Think of it as a puckered-up version of balsamic vinegar. They're both irresistible. You can make your own pomegranate molasses (our recipe comes courtesy of Allrecipes reader, Flying Chef) or buy a bottle. Mix it with some sharp horseradish and mustard, as well as some chopped fresh sage for a familiar Thanksgiving flavor and you have a juicy, delicious turkey. Everyone will want seconds of this one.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Turkey
Whole

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
4 h 8 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
472 calories
20.2
g fat
26.2
g carbohydrates
45.4
g protein
132
mg cholesterol
165
mg sodium.
