URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260449/pickled-shrimp/
Title:
Pickled Shrimp Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4561699.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound uncooked medium shrimp, peeled and deveined
2 tablespoons kosher salt, divided
3 large lemons, zested and juiced
1/4 cup finely chopped flat-leaf parsley
2 tablespoons pickling spice
2 cloves garlic, finely chopped
1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes
1 cup extra-virgin olive oil
3 large shallots, thinly sliced lengthwise

Directions:
Fill a large bowl with ice-cold water.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat. Add shrimp and 1 tablespoon salt; reduce heat to low and cook until shrimp are pink, about 2 minutes. Drain the shrimp and transfer to the bowl of cold water until chilled, 3 to 5 minutes. Drain again.
Combine remaining 1 tablespoon salt, lemon zest and juice, parsley, pickling spice, garlic, and red pepper flakes in a bowl. Pour in olive oil and whisk together to make the pickling oil.
Fill a resealable glass jar with shrimp and shallots in 4 alternating layers. Pour the pickling oil on top, submerging all contents. Put on the lid and refrigerate for 24 hours.

Submitter: 
Shauna James Ahern
Description: 
If you didn't grow up in a coastal town in the South, you might never have eaten pickled shrimp with your Thanksgiving dinner. But since you can use frozen shrimp in this recipe, it might be time to try. Briny and a bit spicy, this pickled shrimp is full of flavor. You can make this dish the day before the feast for a faint pickle taste or leave them in the refrigerator for a week before, which means you'll bring something with huge personality to the table. Either way, this might become a tradition for your family. Good for a week.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Seafood
Shrimp

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 d 40 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
650 calories
57.4
g fat
18.4
g carbohydrates
20.9
g protein
173
mg cholesterol
3089
mg sodium.
