URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260597/avocado-breakfast-toast/
Title:
Avocado Breakfast Toast Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4576559.jpg
Ingredients:
4 slices turkey bacon
2 tablespoons butter
2 slices bread
1 avocado
1 1/2 tablespoons lemon juice
2 teaspoons minced garlic
2 teaspoons ground turmeric
2 teaspoons ground cumin
2 teaspoons garlic salt
1 dash cayenne pepper
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 small Roma tomato, chopped
2 eggs
2 slices Colby-Monterey Jack cheese

Directions:
Heat a skillet over medium heat; fry bacon until slightly crunchy, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board; reserve grease in the pan. Cut bacon into tiny pieces.
Butter both sides of the bread slices.
Mix together avocado, lemon juice, minced garlic, turmeric, cumin, garlic salt, cayenne pepper, salt, and pepper in a bowl until avocado spread is creamy. Add chopped bacon and tomato; stir to combine.
Heat bacon grease in the skillet over medium heat. Fry eggs over easy: break eggs into the skillet and cook until whites are firm, about 3 minutes. Slide a spatula under each egg and gently flip. Cook about 1 minute more. Season eggs with salt and pepper and move them to the side of the skillet.
Reduce heat and place buttered bread in the skillet. Toast lightly, about 1 minute. Turn over and place a slice of cheese on the toasted sides. Slather a generous portion of the avocado spread on top of the cheese. Cover the skillet so cheese can melt quickly, and cook until the bottom of the toast is golden brown, about 2 minutes more. Remove toast from pan and place on plates. Place over-easy eggs on top.

Submitter: 
Cindylee Bloomer
Description: 
My own twist on the traditional popular breakfast avocado toast. I make this all the time but never measure anything.  For Mother's Day, my mom requested that I write this recipe down for her, so I attempted to measure as I went. And after I wrote it all down, I then decided that, since this is the third time someone's asked me for the recipe, maybe I should include it here. Feel free to play with the spices, as I normally always just add to taste. The cheese I typically use is just whatever I have on hand at the time. Sometimes pepper Jack or sharp Cheddar, but mostly the star here is the avocado spread which I've tweaked over the years. I hope you all enjoy.
Categories:
Main Dish
Sandwiches
Turkey

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
22 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
585 calories
45.7
g fat
28.3
g carbohydrates
20.6
g protein
260
mg cholesterol
2663
mg sodium.
