URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260514/dessert-crepes-with-raspberry-sorbet/
Title:
Dessert Crepes with Raspberry Sorbet Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4562696.jpg
Ingredients:
Raspberry Sorbet:
1/4 cup water
3 tablespoons white sugar
1 1/2 cups fresh raspberries
Crepes:
3 eggs
1/2 cup milk (optional)
1/2 cup water
3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted
3/4 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon butter
Garnish:
3 tablespoons confectioners' sugar
1 apple, cored and sliced
1 sprig fresh mint (about 15 leaves)
2 tablespoons currants

Directions:
Heat 1/4 water and 3 tablespoons sugar in a saucepan over medium heat until mixture is simmering and sugar is dissolved. Remove from heat and allow syrup to cool to room temperature.
Place raspberries in the bowl of a food processor; pulse until pureed. Pour cooled syrup into raspberry puree and mix well. Strain through a fine-meshed sieve into a container. Cover with plastic wrap and freeze until firm, at least 2 1/2 hours. Break up with a fork and place back in the freezer.
Combine eggs, milk, 1/2 cup water, and 3 tablespoons melted butter in a bowl; beat with an electric mixer until smooth and creamy. Add flour and salt and mix until batter is smooth.
Grease a 9-inch nonstick skillet with 1 teaspoon butter over medium heat. Pour a small ladleful of batter into the skillet. Immediately rotate the skillet until batter coats the cooking surface in a thin layer. Cook until the top of the crepe is no longer wet and the bottom has turned light brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Run a spatula around the edge of the skillet to loosen crepe; flip crepe and cook until the other side has turned light brown, about 1 minute more. Slide ready crepe onto a warmed plate and keep warm. Repeat with remaining batter.
Arrange crepes on plates and dust with confectioners' sugar. Place a scoop of raspberry sorbet on the side and garnish with apple slices, fresh mint leaves, and red currants.

Submitter: 
Ruppelig
Description: 
The other day I wanted to make an extra special dessert for my guests and thought about dessert crepes, so I combined crepes with homemade raspberry sorbet - big hit!
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Crepes
Sweet

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h 18 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
222 calories
9.4
g fat
30.1
g carbohydrates
5.5
g protein
101
mg cholesterol
280
mg sodium.
