URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260532/savory-chicken-crepes/
Title:
Savory Chicken Crepes Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
non-stick cooking spray
1 (14 ounce) package boneless, skinless chicken breast cutlets
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 tablespoon olive oil
2  green bell peppers, chopped
1  yellow bell pepper, chopped
1  red bell pepper, chopped
1 cup diced portobello mushroom caps
1 small red onion, chopped
½ cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese
½ cup shredded mild Cheddar cheese
½ cup shredded sharp Cheddar cheese
2 tablespoons ground cumin
1 tablespoon ground paprika
1 tablespoon chili powder
1 tablespoon minced garlic
1 cup all-purpose flour
2  eggs
½ cup milk
½ cup water
2 tablespoons butter
¼ teaspoon salt

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray a baking sheet lightly with cooking spray.
Season chicken cutlets with salt and pepper.
Spray a large skillet lightly with cooking spray. Heat over medium-high heat. Saute chicken cutlets until lightly browned and the juices run clear, 8 to 12 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Transfer to a deep container; pull chicken apart with 2 forks.
Heat olive oil in the hot skillet. Saute green bell peppers, yellow bell pepper, red bell pepper, portobello mushroom, and red onion until tender, about 7 minutes. Transfer vegetables to the container with the chicken. Add Monterey Jack cheese, mild Cheddar cheese, sharp Cheddar cheese, cumin, paprika, chili powder, and garlic. Mix well; season filling with salt and pepper.
Whisk flour and eggs together in a bowl. Add milk and water, stirring to combine. Add butter and 1/4 teaspoon salt; beat until batter is smooth.
Heat a lightly oiled griddle over medium high heat. Pour about 1/4 cup batter onto the griddle for each crepe. Tilt the pan with a circular motion so that the batter coats the surface evenly. Cook crepe until bottom is light brown, about 2 minutes. Loosen with a spatula; turn and cook the other side until lightly browned, about 30 seconds more. Place crepe on a plate. Repeat with the remaining batter.
Spoon chicken filling into a crepe, wrap, and place on the prepared baking sheet. Repeat with remaining crepes and filling
Bake in the preheated oven until cheeses melt, 5 to 10 minutes.

Submitter: 
tjchilds
Description: 
Crepes are normally used for sweet desserts or breakfast, but I have added my own little twist to this French creation. It makes for a savory dinner that pleased my husband.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
35 mins
Ready in:
57 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
386 calories
20
g fat
24.5
g carbohydrates
27.4
g protein
140
mg cholesterol
403
mg sodium.
