URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260548/cheese-and-lemon-blintzes-/
Title:
Cheese and Lemon Blintzes  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6814227.jpg
Ingredients:
Batter:
1 cup all-purpose flour
3 eggs
1/2 teaspoon salt
cooking spray
Filling:
2 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese, softened
1/2 cup raisins (optional)
3 tablespoons white sugar, or to taste
2 egg yolks
1 tablespoon lemon zest
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 tablespoon butter, or as needed

Directions:
Mix flour, eggs, and salt together in a bowl until smooth and creamy.
Lightly coat a small skillet with cooking spray. Pour 2 to 3 tablespoons of batter into the skillet. Swirl around until even and then place skillet over medium heat. Cook until sides begin to curl away, about 2 minutes. Turn and cook other side until lightly browned, about 1 minute more. Put onto a plate.
Mix cream cheese, raisins, sugar, egg yolks, lemon peel, vanilla extract, and cinnamon together in a bowl to make the filling. Place 2 to 3 teaspoons of filling on each blintz and roll up like a small burrito.
Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a skillet over medium heat. Cook the filled blintzes, turning carefully, until lightly browned, about 30 seconds each.

Submitter: 
onlyrose
Description: 
Traditionally, blintzes are associated with Shavuot. This is a traditional holiday breakfast for our family. Rolled pancakes filled with cheese, fruit or both, they make a delicious dessert. Sweet blintzes carry on the tradition of cheese and fruit fillings. Serve either with sour cream and powdered sugar, or maple or chocolate syrup. We like to serve them with fruit pie fillings, like apples, blueberries, or cherries, and then put a dollop of sour cream and powdered sugar or cinnamon sugar on them.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Crepes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
34 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
237 calories
16.1
g fat
17.8
g carbohydrates
6.1
g protein
124
mg cholesterol
234
mg sodium.
