URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260659/potato-carrot-soup-with-leeks-and-kale-instant-pot/
Title:
Potato Carrot Soup with Leeks and Kale (Instant Pot®) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4564038.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 pound bacon, diced
1 bunch kale, leaves and stalks separated
2 leeks, thinly sliced, or to taste
1 large carrot, chopped, green tops reserved
1/2 teaspoon Hungarian paprika, or to taste
sea salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
8 potatoes, chopped into bite-size pieces, or to taste
1 (10.5 ounce) can beef broth, or as needed
1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese, or more to taste
1/4 cup sour cream, or more to taste

Directions:
Turn on a multi-cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) and the select Saute function. Add bacon; cook and stir until nearly crisped, about 5 minutes.
Chop kale stalks into small pieces; place into the pot with the bacon. Add leeks and carrot. Cook and stir, scraping the bottom of the pot, until leeks are almost tender, about 5 minutes. Add kale leaves, carrot greens, paprika, salt, and pepper. Cook, continuing to scrape the pot, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in potatoes and enough broth to reach the max fill line.
Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 13 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove lid. Stir in Cheddar cheese and sour cream.

Submitter: 
Khaos WolfKat
Description: 
This hearty, fall soup gets its lovely, golden color from the carrots. I prefer to use all-organic produce, and think it tastes better, though it isn't required. I make it in the Instant Pot®. However, I've included instructions for other methods as well. 
Serve garnished with carrot leaves.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Vegetable Soup
Potato Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
206 calories
5.9
g fat
31.7
g carbohydrates
8.3
g protein
15
mg cholesterol
272
mg sodium.
