URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260621/butter-poached-lobster-with-cherry-tomatoes-and-fresh-pasta/
Title:
Butter-Poached Lobster with Cherry Tomatoes and Fresh Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Pasta:
1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour, or as needed
2 eggs
1 egg yolk
1/2 teaspoon salt
Lobster:
1 tablespoon salt
2 lobster tails
Buerre monte:
1/4 cup water
3/4 cup butter, cut into pieces
Garnish:
1/2 cup cherry tomatoes, halved
salt and ground black pepper to taste
10 leaves basil, or to taste

Directions:
Pour flour onto a clean work surface and make a well in the middle. Mix eggs, egg yolk, and 1/2 teaspoon salt together in a bowl. Pour the egg mixture into the well; slowly incorporate flour into egg mixture until combined. Knead dough until smooth and elastic, 8 to 10 minutes, adding more flour as needed. Cover and let rest for at least 30 minutes.
Roll dough using a pasta machine or rolling pin; cut into noodles about 1/4-inch wide.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil; add 1 tablespoon salt. Prepare a large bowl of ice water. Add lobster tails to the boiling water. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes; drain and shock in the ice water. Slit the shells with kitchen shears and gently extract the meat.
Heat 1/4 cup water in a saucepan over medium heat to just under a boil. Add butter, piece by piece, using a kitchen thermometer to keep the sauce at 160 to 180 degrees F (71 to 82 degrees C). Add lobster tails; cook until meat is opaque yet soft and almost undercooked, 5 to 6 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). Reduce heat to low.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook noodles in the boiling water until tender yet firm to the bite, 1 to 3 minutes; drain.
Divide pasta and lobster equally among serving plates. Add tomatoes to the butter sauce; cook until barely softened, about 2 minutes. Split the sauce and tomatoes equally over the pasta and lobster. Season with salt and pepper; garnish with basil leaves.

Submitter: 
Celestial Interference
Description: 
Butter-poaching lobster produces a beautiful, almost melt-in-the-mouth result. This dish combines the sweetness of butter-poached lobster with bright, acidic cherry tomatoes, a buttery sauce, and fresh, homemade pasta. The beurre monte in this recipe uses more water than usual, to produce a sauce that is less overwhelmingly rich when combined with the lobster.
Categories:
Seafood
Shellfish
Lobster

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h 19 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
414 calories
26.9
g fat
29.1
g carbohydrates
14
g protein
185
mg cholesterol
1717
mg sodium.
