URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260639/special-occasion-baked-stuffed-lobster/
Title:
Special Occasion Baked Stuffed Lobster Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/591411.jpg
Ingredients:
2 medium (1 1/2 pound) lobsters
1/2 cup butter, melted, divided
1/2 pound bay scallops, quartered
1 shallot, minced
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 sleeve buttery round crackers (such as Ritz®), crushed
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Fill a large pot with 2 inches of water and bring to a boil. Submerge lobsters head-first into the boiling water; cover and steam until bright red, about 15 minutes. Remove from the pot and submerge in cold water.
Heat 2 tablespoons butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add scallops, shallot, and garlic. Cook and stir until shallot is tender and scallops are partially cooked, about 3 minutes. Cool slightly, about 1 minute. Fold in cracker crumbs and parsley to make a loose stuffing.
Place lobsters on a work surface. Crack claws on one side. Split underside of body with kitchen scissors. Remove tomalley (liver), roe (eggs), sac (behind eyes), and intestinal vein. Split tail open and bend shell back underneath to lie flat to make ample room for stuffing.
Place lobsters in a jelly roll pan with backs facing down. Baste with the about 3 tablespoons melted butter, including the shell area. Stuff body cavities and tails with filling. Drizzle the remaining butter over all.
Bake in the preheated oven until filling is golden brown, about 20 minutes.

Submitter: 
Pam
Description: 
Celebrate in style! Anniversaries, New Year's Eve, Valentine's Day all call for a special entree, and this is sure to win over that special someone. The great part of this recipe is that the lobster is partially boiled so that the prep is a little easier. Provide additional butter for dipping if desired. Serve with a salad, a baguette, and a nice wine, and enjoy this romantic dinner for two!
Categories:
Seafood
Shellfish
Lobster

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 14 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
550 calories
25.1
g fat
8.8
g carbohydrates
69.4
g protein
287
mg cholesterol
1339
mg sodium.
