URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260675/steamed-banana-cake-in-instant-pot/
Title:
Steamed Banana Cake in Instant Pot&reg; Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F4578338.jpg
Ingredients:
3  very ripe bananas, mashed
2  very ripe bananas, sliced
¼ cup white sugar
1 pinch salt
1 ½ cups tapioca starch
½ teaspoon ground turmeric
½ teaspoon vanilla extract
2 teaspoons coconut oil
1 cup canned coconut milk
¼ cup white sugar
¼ cup cold water
1 tablespoon tapioca starch
2 tablespoons sesame seeds

Directions:
Combine mashed bananas, sliced bananas, 1/4 cup sugar, and salt in a bowl. Let stand for 5 minutes. Add 1 1/2 cup tapioca starch, turmeric, and vanilla extract; mix thoroughly.
Grease a 9-inch steaming insert with coconut oil. Line the bottom with parchment paper. Grease parchment paper with remaining 1 teaspoon coconut oil. Pour banana batter into the insert.
Pour 2 cups water into a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot®). Place the trivet inside. Place the steaming insert on the trivet. Close and lock the lid. Select Steam function. Set timer for 20 minutes.
Unlock and remove lid. Transfer cake carefully to a cooling rack or cutting board. Let cool until firm, at least 1 hour. Run a knife around the sides of the steaming insert to loosen cake; slide onto a serving dish.
Combine coconut milk and 1/4 cup sugar in a small saucepan; bring to a simmer. Mix water and 1 tablespoon tapioca starch together in a small bowl; add to the simmering coconut milk. Continue simmering, whisking constantly, until bubbly and thick, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat.
Cook and stir sesame seeds in a dry skillet over low heat until lightly toasted and fragrant, about 5 minutes. Keep stirring to ensure they don't burn.
Slice cake and serve 1 to 2 tablespoons coconut sauce over each slice. Sprinkle toasted sesame seeds on top.

Submitter: 
Travinka
Description: 
This steamed banana cake made in an Instant Pot® is topped with coconut sauce and sesame seeds for an easy dessert with no baking required.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 40 mins
Number of servings: 
1 hr 5 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
284 calories
8.6
g fat
53.3
g carbohydrates
1.9
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
25
mg sodium.
