URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260846/shannons-stuffed-delicata-squash/
Title:
Shannon's Stuffed Delicata Squash Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/374593.jpg
Ingredients:
2 delicata squash, halved lengthwise and seeded
2 tablespoons olive oil
1/2 sweet red onion, chopped
2 stalks celery, diced
1 pound ground turkey
1 tablespoon crumbled cooked bacon
2 garlic cloves, minced
1 teaspoon ground turmeric
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon safflower (Mexican saffron)
sea salt to taste
1 bunch rainbow chard, stemmed and chopped
1/4 cup vegetable broth, or as needed
1 (4 ounce) log crumbled goat cheese
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 teaspoon saffron
1/2 cup panko bread crumbs (optional)
2 tablespoons butter, melted (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place squash cut side-down on a shallow baking dish with about 1/2 inch water at the bottom.
Bake in the preheated oven until fork-tender, 20 to 30 minutes.
Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a 12-inch skillet over medium heat. Add onion and celery; cook and stir until onions are translucent, about 5 minutes. Add turkey, bacon, garlic, turmeric, cumin, safflower, and sea salt; cook and stir until turkey is no longer pink, about 6 minutes. Add chard and just enough broth to create steam. Cook until chard is wilted and liquid has evaporated, about 4 minutes.
Drain any remaining liquid from under the squash. Flip squash cut side-up. Spread goat cheese equally over each squash half; fill cavities with the turkey mixture.
Toss bread crumbs and butter together lightly in a bowl; spread evenly over the squash halves. Set oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler.
Return squash to the oven and bake under the broiler, watching closely, until bread crumbs are golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes.

Submitter: 
jozemom
Description: 
This relatively simple recipe makes a lovely presentation as a side or main dish. Delicata squash is a mild squash similar to butternut, which is a suitable replacement squash if you cannot find delicata. This is a great recipe for experimentation. Consider adding to your turkey mixture: red bell pepper, curry, or pine nuts. For a filler, you could add brown, white, or wild rice. Or experiment on your own. Enjoy!
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Turkey
Ground

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
58 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
302 calories
19.2
g fat
19.1
g carbohydrates
17.2
g protein
62
mg cholesterol
318
mg sodium.
