URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260810/chicken-broccoli-and-spinach-alfredo/
Title:
Chicken, Broccoli, and Spinach Alfredo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 (12 ounce) package linguine pasta
2 1/2 cups chopped broccoli florets
10 slices bacon
1/4 cup boiling water
4 cubes chicken bouillon
1 cup sliced fresh mushrooms
6 cloves garlic, minced
4 skinless, boneless chicken breast, cut into bite-size pieces
1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened
3/4 cup milk
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1/2 teaspoon dried basil
1/2 teaspoon dried parsley
2 cups fresh baby spinach

Directions:
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook linguine at a boil until almost tender, about 9 minutes. Add broccoli; continue cooking until linguine is tender, about 2 minutes more. Drain.
Place bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain bacon slices on paper towels. Drain grease.
Combine boiling water and chicken bouillon cubes in a bowl; mix until dissolved.
Pour chicken bouillon mixture into the same skillet used to cook the bacon. Bring to a simmer. Add mushrooms and garlic; cook for 1 minute. Add chicken; cook and stir until no longer pink in the center, about 5 minutes. Stir in cream cheese, milk, Parmesan cheese, basil, and parsley; cook until melted together and heated through, about 5 minutes.
Place spinach in a microwave-safe bowl. Fill bowl halfway with water. Cook in the microwave until wilted, about 2 minutes.
Stir wilted spinach into the cooked linguine. Pour chicken and sauce on top. Crumble bacon on top.

Submitter: 
Caaaandycane.
Description: 
Verrrry creamy and filling perfect for a family meal. Serve with Parmesan cheese and a loaf of crusty bread.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Sauces
Pasta Sauces
Creamy
Alfredo Sauce

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
43 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
846 calories
37.7
g fat
73.2
g carbohydrates
55
g protein
159
mg cholesterol
2106
mg sodium.
