URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260817/middle-eastern-cabbage-rolls/
Title:
Middle Eastern Cabbage Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6085475.jpg
Ingredients:
6 leaves cabbage
2 teaspoons olive oil
1 small onion, finely chopped
1 clove garlic, minced
2 tablespoons tomato paste
2 tablespoons chopped almonds
2 tablespoons finely chopped golden raisins
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds, coarsely ground
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
2 cups cooked rice
salt and freshly ground black pepper
1 cup chicken broth, warmed
Yogurt Sauce:
3/4 cup plain yogurt
1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint
1 pinch ground allspice

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease a roasting pan.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add cabbage leaves and cook uncovered until softened, about 2 minutes. Drain in a colander and immediately immerse in ice water for several minutes to stop the cooking process. Drain. Cut off the rough end of the central stems.
Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat and cook onion until soft and translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. Add garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir in tomato paste, almonds, and golden raisins; cook and stir for 2 minutes. Season with parsley, cumin, and ground cinnamon. Mix in cooked rice and season with salt and pepper.
Spoon a small amount of rice mixture into the center of each cabbage leaf. Fold sides over the filling and roll cabbage leaf up until the rice is encased. Repeat with remaining leaves and filling. Place the stuffed cabbage rolls in the roasting pan, seam-side down. Pour warm chicken broth over cabbage rolls.
Bake in the preheated oven until flavors are well combined, about 25 minutes.
Stir yogurt, mint, allspice, salt, and pepper together in a bowl. Refrigerate while cabbage rolls are cooking. Serve with the hot cabbage rolls.

Submitter: 
Afiyet_olson
Description: 
This is a Middle Eastern or Arabic version of cabbage rolls stuffed with rice, almonds, and spices and served with a mint-flavored yogurt sauce.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Middle Eastern
Lebanese

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
57 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
144 calories
3.4
g fat
24.4
g carbohydrates
4.5
g protein
3
mg cholesterol
291
mg sodium.
