URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260834/purple-yam-pancakes/
Title:
Purple Yam Pancakes Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
12 large mushrooms, finely chopped
½ large onion, chopped
2 tablespoons butter
6 large tomatoes
1 large bell pepper, cut into chunks
½ large onion
5 large fresh hot chile peppers, stemmed
2  pickled jalapeno peppers
1 cup chopped fresh parsley
½ cup chopped fresh cilantro
2 cloves garlic
1 cube vegetable bouillon (such as Maggi(<sup>&reg;</sup>))
1 teaspoon dried thyme
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1 pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste (optional)
1 ¼ cups vegetable broth
2 tablespoons dark soy sauce
water as needed
3  purple yams, cut into wedges
2 cups all-purpose flour
1  onion
2  eggs
2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1  red bell pepper, chopped
1 teaspoon paprika
1 teaspoon chile powder
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 tablespoon vegetable oil, or to taste
½ pound ground beef
½ pound ground chicken

Directions:
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a skillet over medium-low heat. Cook and stir mushrooms and 1/2 chopped onion until soft and translucent, 5 to 10 minutes. Add butter.
Combine tomatoes, bell pepper chunks, onion, chile peppers, jalapeno peppers, parsley, cilantro, and garlic in a blender; blend until almost smooth.
Stir blended tomato mixture, vegetable bouillon cube, thyme, cumin, cayenne pepper, salt, and black pepper to the skillet with the mushrooms and stir until well combined. Add vegetable broth, soy sauce, and enough water to make a sauce. Cover and simmer until sauce has thickened, 30 to 35 minutes.
Combine purple yams, flour, 1 onion, eggs, 2 teaspoons salt, and garlic powder in the bowl of a food processor; pulse until blended. Fold red bell pepper into batter using a spatula and season with paprika, chile powder, and 1 teaspoon black pepper. Mix until well combined.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Drop batter by large spoonfuls onto the skillet. Spoon some of the ground beef and some of the ground chicken on top of each pancake; cover with a few more spoonfuls of batter. Cook pancakes until evenly browned, 3 to 5 minutes. Flip and cook until browned on the other side, 2 to 3 minutes. Cover skillet and let pancakes cook over low heat until beef and chicken are cooked through, about 5 minutes. Repeat with remaining batter. Serve with mushroom sauce.

Submitter: 
Helay
Description: 
These savory pancakes are made with purple yams, also known as ube or water yams, and filled with ground meat and chicken. I am serving them with a spicy mushroom sauce. If you prefer it less spicy, use fewer chiles.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 5 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
640 calories
19.1
g fat
91.8
g carbohydrates
30.6
g protein
118
mg cholesterol
1470
mg sodium.
