URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261005/butternut-squash-mac-and-cheese-from-almond-breeze/
Title:
Butternut Squash Mac and Cheese from Almond Breeze Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4573381.jpg
Ingredients:
4 cups diced butternut squash
2 1/2 cups Almond Breeze Unsweetened Original OR any Almond Breeze Almond-Cashew Blend
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika
1 pinch ground nutmeg
1 (15 ounce) can white beans, drained and rinsed
8 ounces white Cheddar cheese, shredded
3 cups packed chopped kale
1 pound whole wheat (or alternative grain) pasta
salt and ground black pepper to taste
Additional shredded Cheddar cheese for topping

Directions:
Combine the butternut squash, Almond Breeze, garlic powder, smoked paprika, and nutmeg in a pot. Bring mixture to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat to low, cover, and cook for 10-15 minutes, until the squash is tender.
Add the butternut squash mixture to a blender with the white beans and blend until completely smooth. A stick blender should also work here, if you prefer.
Transfer butternut squash/bean mixture back to the pot (no heat yet). Add the cheese a little at a time, stirring until melted and incorporated. Then, add the kale.
Return the pot to heat and cook over low heat until kale is wilted. Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper.
Cook the pasta according to package directions, drain, then mix with the sauce.
Serve mac & cheese immediately or pour into a baking dish, top with additional shredded cheese, and broil until golden brown and bubbling.

Submitter: 
Almond Breeze
Description: 
Pairs well with a crisp autumn day and good company. For extra creaminess use any Almond Breeze Almond-Cashew Blend instead of Almond Breeze Unsweetened Original.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
Almond Breeze

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
421 calories
11.8
g fat
63.7
g carbohydrates
19.5
g protein
31
mg cholesterol
370
mg sodium.
