URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261012/pumpkin-cinnamon-rolls-with-cream-cheese-frosting/
Title:
Pumpkin Cinnamon Rolls with Cream Cheese Frosting Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4573388.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 cup unsalted butter
2 1/4 teaspoons active dry yeast
3/4 cup Almond Breeze Original OR any Almond Breeze Almond-Cashew Blend
1/2 teaspoon granulated sugar
3 cups bread flour, plus more for dusting
2 tablespoons dark brown sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground ginger
1 pinch ground nutmeg
1 pinch ground cloves
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 egg
1/2 cup pumpkin puree
Filling:
1/4 cup butter, softened
2/3 cup packed dark brown sugar
2 tablespoons ground cinnamon
Frosting:
4 ounces light plain cream cheese
1/2 cup powdered sugar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
2 teaspoons Almond Breeze Unsweetened Original or Almond Cashew Original

Directions:
Place 1/4 cup butter in small sauce pan over medium high heat. Butter will begin to melt, foam, and crackle. Whisk continuously until butter begins to brown and smell similar to caramel. Immediately remove from heat and transfer to a bowl to cool for a few minutes while you make the dough.
In bowl of an electric mixture, add warm almond milk, yeast, and granulated sugar. Let sit for 5 minutes to activate the yeast. While the yeast is activating, whisk together flour, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, cloves, and salt together in a large bowl.
Once the milk is a bit foamy from the yeast add in 1/2 of the flour mixture, along with the pumpkin puree, egg, and cooled brown butter; stir with a wooden spoon until just combined. Then add in the rest of the flour and stir again until just combined. Place dough hook on your mixer and run on medium-low speed for about 8 minutes. Alternatively you can knead the dough by hand for about 10 minutes.
Grease a large bowl with oil or cooking spray. Add dough and turn over, making sure to coat it all with the oil. Cover with plastic wrap and a towel, then place in a warm place to rise for about 1 1/2 hours or until doubled in size.
In a small bowl, combine the filling ingredients: 1/4 cup softened butter, 2/3 cup brown sugar and cinnamon. Once dough is doubled in size, place onto a large surface dusted with flour. Punch dough down and roll into a 15x9-inch rectangle. Spread butter and cinnamon sugar mixture over the dough leaving a 1/2 inch border. Beginning at the 15 inch side, roll up tightly and pinch edges together to seal. Using a serrated knife, gently cut into 12 slices.
Grease the bottom of a 9x13-inch or 8x11-inch pan with butter or cooking spray (don't skimp). Place cinnamon roll slices in pan, cover with plastic wrap and let rise again for 30-45 minutes or until dough doubles in size. At this point you can decide if you want to bake them now or later. If later, you can stick them in the refrigerator overnight (covered well). When you are ready to bake the rolls, simply take them out of the 30 minutes prior to baking and bring to room temperature.
To bake, preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Bake for 20-25 minutes or until barely golden brown. Cool for 5-10 minutes. While cooling, make the frosting by combine cream cheese, powdered sugar, vanilla, cinnamon and 2 teaspoons almond milk in a medium bowl. Spread evenly over warm rolls. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Almond Breeze
Description: 
Spice up any fall morning with these light and fluffy pumpkin cinnamon rolls. For extra creaminess use any Almond Breeze Almond-Cashew Blend instead of Almond Breeze Original.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
Almond Breeze

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h 55 m
Ready in:
2 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
310 calories
10.6
g fat
48.1
g carbohydrates
6.3
g protein
41
mg cholesterol
197
mg sodium.
