URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261007/creamy-asparagus-and-pea-soup/
Title:
Creamy Asparagus and Pea Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4573383.jpg
Ingredients:
Olive or avocado oil
12 ounces fresh asparagus, trimmed
10 ounces fresh or frozen peas
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 shallot, thinly sliced
Salt and pepper to taste
1 1/2 cups Almond Breeze Unsweetened Original OR any Almond Breeze Almond-Cashew Blend
1 1/2 cups vegetable broth
1 tablespoon nutritional yeast, or more to taste (optional)
1 lemon, juiced (optional)
Garlic Herb Croutons (optional):
2 cups bread cubes
1/4 cup olive oil or other neutral oil
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/4 teaspoon dried oregano
1/4 teaspoon dried basil

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F and spread asparagus on a bare baking sheet. Drizzle with oil of choice and season lightly with salt and pepper. Toss to coat.
Roast for 15 minutes, then set aside. If making croutons, reduce heat to 325 degrees F at this time.
Heat a large saucepan or pot medium heat. Once hot, add 2 Tbsp oil and shallot and garlic. Season lightly with salt and pepper and stir to coat. Cook for 2-3 minutes or until fragrant and translucent. Reduce heat if garlic begins browning.
Add peas, vegetable broth and almond milk and season with salt and pepper once more.
Transfer soup to blender along with asparagus (reserve some for garnish if desired). Blend soup until creamy and smooth. Transfer back to pot and bring to medium heat and simmer.
Add nutritional yeast and whisk. Continue cooking until warmed through and simmering, then reduce heat to low.
Taste and adjust seasonings as needed, adding more salt and pepper if desired. Remove from heat and add lemon juice.
If serving with croutons, prep while soup is simmering by lowering oven heat to 325 degrees F.
Add bread cubes to a mixing bowl. In a separate bowl, whisk together oil and seasonings and pour over bread cubes and toss to combine. Season once more with a bit more garlic powder, salt and pepper. Toss once more.
Spread on a clean baking sheet (or the one you used earlier) and bake or 15-20 minutes, or until golden brown. Flip/stir at the 10-minute mark to ensure even baking.
Serve soup with croutons and a touch of black pepper and/or vegan parmesan cheese. Leftovers keep covered in the fridge for up to a few days, though best when fresh.

Submitter: 
Almond Breeze
Description: 
A savory soup seasoned to perfection. It's a lick-the-bowl-clean kind of recipe. For extra creaminess use any Almond Breeze Almond-Cashew Blend instead of Almond Breeze Unsweetened Original.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
Almond Breeze

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
327 calories
19.1
g fat
33.6
g carbohydrates
9.5
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
609
mg sodium.
