URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261021/erins-veggie-meatballs/
Title:
Erin's Veggie Meatballs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4659434.jpg
Ingredients:
1 3/4 cups boiling water
2 cups texturized vegetable protein (TVP)
1 3/4 tablespoons soy sauce
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 onion, finely chopped
1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh red chile pepper
1 tablespoon freshly minced ginger
1 tablespoon freshly minced garlic
1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano
1/2 teaspoon dried basil
3/4 cup whole-wheat bread crumbs
1 egg, beaten
3 tablespoons whole-wheat flour, or as needed
freshly ground black pepper to taste
cooking spray

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Lightly oil a baking sheet.
Pour boiling water over TVP in a bowl. Add soy sauce. Let sit to rehydrate, 5 to 10 minutes.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-low heat. Cook and stir onion until very soft, 7 to 10 minutes. Add chile pepper, ginger, and garlic; cook until fragrant, about 3 minutes more.
Stir cilantro, oregano, and basil into the rehydrated TVP. Stir with a fork; add bread crumbs and beaten egg. Stir in the onion mixture and whole-wheat flour. Grind pepper liberally over the mixture.
Scoop mixture by tablespoons into 1-inch meatballs and place on the prepared baking sheet. Spray the meatballs with cooking spray.
Bake in the preheated oven for 10 minutes. Turn the meatballs and continue to bake until thoroughly browned, about 10 minutes more.

Submitter: 
Erin
Description: 
These veggie balls are high in protein, infused with fresh herbs, rolled with bread crumbs, baked rather than fried, and can be altered based on what ingredients and spices you have on hand. If you don't have some of the fresh herbs or spices on hand, innovate with other herbs or used dried varieties; these will still come out great. These freeze well and are delicious in a wide range of foods. Try forming these into patties and making veggie burgers, or in pasta sauces, etc. Use it in place of falafel. One of my favorite ways is to use these in taco salads and burritos – saute with some taco seasoning and voila!
Categories:
Side Dish
Vegetables

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
242 calories
7.5
g fat
15.4
g carbohydrates
33.8
g protein
31
mg cholesterol
734
mg sodium.
