URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261153/perfect-pot-stickers/?src=VD_Summary
Title:
Perfect Pot Stickers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4578433.jpg
Ingredients:
Filling:
1 pound ground pork
4 cloves minced garlic
1/2 cup finely chopped green onions
3 tablespoons very finely minced fresh ginger
2 tablespoons soy sauce
1 teaspoon soy sauce
1 teaspoon sesame oil
1 pinch cayenne pepper
1 1/2 cups finely chopped green cabbage
Dough:
2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
3/4 teaspoon kosher salt
1 cup hot water, about 130 -150 F (55-65 C)
Dipping Sauce:
1/4 cup seasoned rice vinegar
1/4 cup soy sauce
For Frying:
6 tablespoons vegetable oil for frying, or as needed - divided
8 tablespoons water for steaming, divided

Directions:
Place ground pork, green onions, garlic, ginger, 2 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon soy sauce, sesame oil, and cayenne in a mixing bowl. Top with chopped green cabbage. Mix with fork until thoroughly combined. Tamp down lightly; cover with plastic. Refrigerate until chilled, about an hour.
Place flour and kosher salt in a mixing bowl. Slowly pour in hot water. Stir with a wooden spoon until mixture forms a shaggy dough. Flour your hands and transfer dough to a work surface. Knead dough until it becomes smooth and elastic. If dough seems too sticky, sprinkle with a bit more flour, about 3 to 5 minutes. Wrap dough ball in plastic, and let it rest about 30 minutes.
When dough has rested, divide into 4 equal pieces. Cover 3 pieces with a dish cloth while you work the first piece. Roll into a small log about the thickness of a thumb, about 3/4 inch. Divide each log into 6 equal pieces. Roll each piece into a thin 3 1/2-inch circle on a lightly floured surface to form the pot sticker wrappers. Repeat with the remaining dough pieces.
Lightly moisten the edges of a wrapper with your wet finger. Place a small scoop of the ground pork mixture onto the center of a wrapper. Fold up the 2 sides and pinch together in the center. Pinch together the remaining edges, forming "pleats" along one side. Tap the pot sticker on the work surface to slightly flatten the bottom; form a slight curve in it so it stands upright in the pan. Transfer to a well-floured plate. Repeat with remaining dough and filling.
Mix together seasoned rice vinegar and soy sauce in a small mixing bowl for the dipping sauce.
Heat oil in skillet over medium-high heat. Place about 6 or 7 pot stickers in the hot oil, flat side down. Cook until bottoms are golden brown, about 2 minutes. Drizzle in water and quickly cover the pan; steam for 3 minutes. Uncover; reduce heat to medium. Continue cooking until water evaporates and bottoms are browned and crunchy, 1 or 2 minutes. Transfer to a warm serving dish. Repeat with remaining pot stickers. Serve with dipping sauce.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
Homemade pot stickers are so versatile--you can fill them with anything you want and as full as you want. And the play between the crispy, crusty bottom, and the tender parts, makes for a truly unique dumpling. These are filled with ground pork, green onions, ginger, and cabbage.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Wraps and Rolls

Number of ratings:
66 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.60606050491333
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
438 calories
18.8
g fat
46.2
g carbohydrates
19.8
g protein
54
mg cholesterol
1453
mg sodium.
