URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261159/cream-of-chicken-and-artichoke-soup/
Title:
Cream of Chicken and Artichoke Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/6719784.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups chicken broth
2 cups water
½  lemon
2 teaspoons vegetable oil, or as needed
1  red bell pepper, diced
1 cup diced tomatoes (optional)
1 (14 ounce) can artichoke hearts, drained and chopped
1  russet potato, diced
1 small carrot, diced
1  celery stalk, diced
2  green onions, chopped
¼ cup chopped mushrooms
1 clove garlic, minced
1 cup heavy whipping cream
½ cup white cooking wine
2  fully cooked chicken breasts, cut into bite-size pieces
1 pinch ground black pepper

Directions:
Heat chicken broth and water in a stockpot over medium-high heat. Squeeze lemon juice in and stir. Cook for 5 minutes.
Heat oil in a grill pan over medium-high heat. Add red bell pepper; grill until somewhat soft, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer red bell pepper to the stockpot; add tomatoes, artichokes, potato, carrot, celery, green onions, mushrooms, and garlic. Increase heat to high. Bring to a boil; cook until vegetables are soft, about 15 minutes. Stir in cream and wine.
Fill blender halfway with the vegetable-broth mixture. Cover and hold lid down with a potholder; pulse a few times before leaving on to puree. Pour into a separate pot. Repeat with remaining vegetable-broth mixture.
Pour all the pureed mixture back into the original stockpot; add chicken and black pepper. Heat over medium heat. Bring to a simmer and cook until heated through, about 5 minutes.

Submitter: 
CJ'sMom
Description: 
After dining at a certain restaurant that is known for making cheesecake, I fell in love with their chicken and artichoke soup. I've looked through various websites in search of a similar recipe. I couldn't find a recipe for it, but did find one that has some of the same type of ingredients so I tweaked it by adding some vegetables and putting a twist on it. Here is what I came up with. This is a pretty easy recipe and tastes very good. Top with shredded cheese.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 8 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
285 calories
16.5
g fat
13.1
g carbohydrates
18.3
g protein
84
mg cholesterol
584
mg sodium.
