URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261298/chocolate-chip-crisscross-cookies/
Title:
Chocolate Chip Crisscross Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4579247.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup unsalted butter, room temperature
1 cup white sugar
1 cup packed dark brown sugar
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
2 eggs
2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, divided
1 cup semisweet chocolate chips
2/3 cup unsweetened Dutch-process cocoa powder
1 cup white chocolate chips
1 teaspoon flaky sea salt (such as Maldon®) (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with a silicone baking mat or parchment paper.
Put butter, white sugar, brown sugar, vanilla, baking soda, and salt in a bowl. Cream together with a mixer until butter clings to sides of bowl and is uniform in color, about 2 minutes. Mix in eggs 1 at a time, waiting until first is incorporated before adding second. Add 2 cups flour; mix on low speed until incorporated. (Dough will be very soft.)
Divide dough roughly in half and transfer one half to a separate bowl. Mix remaining 1/2 cup flour into one half, then stir in semisweet chocolate chips until evenly distributed. Mix cocoa powder into other half, then stir in white chocolate chips until evenly distributed.
Roll a tablespoon of each dough into a ball and tap lightly on counter to create a flat bottom (see assembly shots at left). Press flat sides together to form a larger ball, then flatten into a half-dark, half-light disk. Cut disk in half with a knife, cutting perpendicular to dough seam. Flip one half over and then firmly press halves back together. You should have a disk with 4 alternating quarters. Repeat with remaining dough. Transfer to baking sheet, spacing about 2 inches apart. Sprinkle with flaky sea  salt.
Bake until cookie edges start to turn golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Cool on sheet 10 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.

Submitter: 
eatthelove
Description: 
This is my riff on Allrecipes' Best Chocolate Chip Cookies. I turned half the dough into a chocolate dough with white chips, then used a technique from my cookbook, Marbled, Swirled, and Layered, to put the two halves together in a crisscross way. I also sprinkled Maldon® salt on top, which helps cut the sweetness and adds an extra little crunch.
Categories:
Desserts
Cookies
Chocolate Chip Cookies
White Chocolate

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
361 calories
17.7
g fat
49.7
g carbohydrates
4.3
g protein
50
mg cholesterol
246
mg sodium.
