URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261210/vegetarian-fresh-pumpkin-chili/
Title:
Vegetarian Fresh Pumpkin Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 cups peeled, cubed pumpkin
2 cups water
1/2 cube vegetable bouillon
1 tablespoon oil, or as needed
1 clove garlic, minced, or to taste
1 large onion, diced
1 1/3 (12 ounce) packages ground beef vegetarian substitute (such as MorningStar®)
1 cup kidney beans
1 cup black beans
1 large tomato, diced
1 cup corn
1 pinch brown sugar
1 pinch dried cilantro, or to taste
1 pinch ground black pepper, or to taste
1 pinch ground cinnamon, or to taste
1 pinch ground coriander, or to taste
1 pinch ground cumin, or to taste
1 pinch ground ginger, or to taste
1 pinch ground nutmeg, or to taste

Directions:
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add pumpkin; reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain and transfer to a blender.
Combine 2 cups water and vegetable bouillon in a saucepan; bring to a boil. Cook and stir until cube is dissolved, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat and allow to cool slightly, about 5 minutes.
Pour broth into the blender with pumpkin. Cover and hold lid down with a potholder; pulse a few times before leaving on to blend until smooth.
Heat oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Add garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add onions and cook until lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Add ground beef substitute; cook and stir until heated through, about 3 minutes. Stir in kidney beans, black beans, tomato, and corn until combined.
Mix pumpkin-broth mixture into the skillet. Season chili with brown sugar, dried cilantro, black pepper, ground cinnamon, ground coriander, ground cumin, ground ginger, and ground nutmeg. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook until flavors combine, about 15 minutes.

Submitter: 
Julie&Andy
Description: 
Fun, sweet chili for fall...or any time of year.

 Chili can be a fun and flexible dish. Add more or less of the ingredients (or add something totally new), and it will usually still taste amazing. I guess I've never kept track of the time it takes to cook this recipe. It's not super fast. I've never paid attention to the exact amount of servings either. It makes a large bowl I bring to parties. Garnish with shredded cheese if you like.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Chili
Vegetarian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 34 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
260 calories
6.3
g fat
32.3
g carbohydrates
21
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
574
mg sodium.
