URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261218/vegetarian-breakfast-casserole/
Title:
Vegetarian Breakfast Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
cooking spray
1 (8 ounce) package vegetarian sausage patties (such as Morningstar Farms®)
8 eggs
2 cups milk
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 (10 ounce) package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and drained
1 (8 ounce) package shredded Cheddar cheese
1 (8 ounce) package button mushrooms
1 cup thickly sliced zucchini
1/4 cup thinly sliced sweet onion
4 cups cubed bread

Directions:
Heat a skillet over medium heat and spray with cooking spray. Place frozen sausage patties in the skillet. Cook for 5 minutes; turn over and cook until heated through, about 5 minutes more. Transfer patties to a 9x13-inch baking pan and break them up with a fork.
Mix eggs, milk, and salt into the baking pan with the sausage. Add spinach, Cheddar cheese, mushrooms, zucchini, and onion. Add bread and fold all ingredients together until uniformly mixed. Cover casserole with plastic wrap and refrigerate, 8 hours to overnight.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bake the casserole in the preheated oven until eggs are set and a knife inserted in the center comes out clean, 1 hour to 1 hour and 15 minutes.

Submitter: 
frogsocks
Description: 
This is a delicious breakfast casserole that has lots of vegetables and is meat-free. I make this for guests, potluck brunches, and Christmas morning. This recipe is very flexible. Feel free to use any type of bread or cheese you have on hand, and add or remove vegetables to suit your preferences. I recommend serving with fruit for a nice balanced breakfast! Don't worry if the recipe makes too much, just reheat in the microwave; it's still good for breakfast or lunch the next day.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Eggs

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
9 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
354 calories
21.5
g fat
18.6
g carbohydrates
24.2
g protein
220
mg cholesterol
811
mg sodium.
