URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261370/baked-chicken-and-waffles-with-maple-gravy/
Title:
Baked Chicken and Waffles with Maple Gravy Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
2  skinless, boneless chicken breasts, halved lengthwise
1 ½ cups panko bread crumbs
⅓ cup all-purpose flour
1  egg
3 tablespoons milk
1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, or to taste
1 cup all-purpose flour
½ cup whole wheat flour
½ teaspoon baking soda
¼ teaspoon salt
1 ¼ cups buttermilk
1  egg
2 tablespoons butter, softened
3 tablespoons butter
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 ¾ cups chicken stock
salt and ground black pepper to taste
½ cup pure maple syrup

Directions:
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Place chicken breasts between 2 sheets of heavy plastic on a solid, level surface. Firmly pound with the smooth side of a meat mallet to an even thickness.
Place panko and 1/3 cup flour into separate shallow bowls.
Combine 1 egg, milk, and Dijon mustard in another shallow bowl. Dip each chicken breast into the mixture; coat in the panko mixture. Place breaded chicken breasts on a baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 25 to 30 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Reduce oven temperature to 200 degrees F (95 degrees C).
Combine 1 cup flour, whole wheat flour, baking soda, and salt in a bowl.
Mix buttermilk, 1 egg, and 2 tablespoons butter together in another bowl. Whisk gently into the flour mixture. Beat together until batter is smooth.
Preheat a waffle iron according to manufacturer's instructions. Add about 1/2 cup batter into the preheated waffle iron. Cook until waffle is golden brown and the iron stops steaming, about 5 minutes. Transfer waffle to a wire rack set over a baking sheet; place in the oven to keep warm. Repeat with the remaining batter.
Heat 3 tablespoons butter in a heavy saucepan over medium heat. Add 3 tablespoons flour; cook, stirring constantly, until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Whisk in chicken stock slowly. Increase heat to medium-high; bring gravy to a boil. Cook, stirring constantly, until thickened, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper; stir in maple syrup. Reduce heat to low until ready to serve over the baked chicken and waffles.

Submitter: 
Evareneg
Description: 
All the wonderfulness of the fried version. Crunchy chicken over a crispy Belgian waffle drizzled with sweet gravy is the ultimate sweet-and-savory combo.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 7 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
351 calories
10.8
g fat
53.7
g carbohydrates
15
g protein
85
mg cholesterol
595
mg sodium.
