URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261390/coconut-chile-and-lime-shrimp-/
Title:
Coconut, Chile, and Lime Shrimp  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1611121.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups water
1 cup jasmine rice
1/2 teaspoon coconut oil
2 limes
16 tail-on jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined
1 tablespoon ground chile pepper
2 baby bok choy, cut into bite-sized pieces
1 carrot, peeled and cut into matchsticks
1/2 red bell pepper, cut into matchsticks
1 scallion, thinly sliced
2 tablespoons peanut butter
2 tablespoons sriracha sauce

Directions:
Bring water and rice to a boil in a saucepan. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until rice is tender and water has been absorbed, 20 to 25 minutes.
Melt coconut oil in a skillet over high heat while rice cooks. Squeeze juice of 1 lime into the skillet. Add shrimp and cook for 1 minute. Sprinkle some chile powder over the shrimp. Flip shrimp and cook for 25 seconds more. Transfer shrimp to a container. Sprinkle with more chile powder and a bit more lime juice. Cover and toss. Keep covered to keep warm.
Reheat skillet over medium-high heat. Toss in bok choy, carrot, red bell pepper, and scallion. Stir in peanut butter and sriracha sauce; cook for 1 minute. Add cooked rice. Toss well to ensure that everything is coated evenly.
Spoon rice onto a plate and place shrimp on top. Squeeze juice of the second lime over the finished plates. Zest 1 lime over the shrimp.

Submitter: 
dana.killingthyme
Description: 
Coconut, lime, and chile flavors tie this shrimp dish together wonderfully. So many awesome flavors, and each one can easily be distinguished! Nothing overpowers the other. I served my shrimp on a bed of spicy peanut rice with bok choy and have provided that recipe as well, in case you were interested.
Categories:
Main Dish
Stir-Fry
Shrimp

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
371 calories
6.4
g fat
49
g carbohydrates
29.4
g protein
213
mg cholesterol
634
mg sodium.
