URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261443/hazelnut-cupcakes-with-nutella-hazelnut-spread/
Title:
Hazelnut Cupcakes with Nutella速 hazelnut spread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4581396.jpg
Ingredients:
Cupcakes:
1/2 cup butter, softened
1 cup granulated sugar
2 eggs
1/2 cup whole milk
1 cup ground hazelnuts
1 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 pinch salt
1/2 cup Nutella速 hazelnut spread
Meringue:
1 cup confectioners' sugar
2 egg whites
2 teaspoons water

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Beat butter and sugar for about 5 minutes, or until light and fluffy; beat in 2 eggs and milk. Stir in hazelnuts.
In separate large bowl, sift together flour, baking powder and salt; fold in butter mixture until combined. Spoon mixture into 12-cup paper-lined muffin pan (or individual cups, if preferred).
Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until tester inserted into center comes out clean. Transfer to rack; let cool completely.
Using small knife, cut out 1-inch deep hole in top of each cupcake. Spoon Nutella(R) hazelnut spread into piping bag fitted with small, plain tip. Pipe about 2 tsp Nutella(R) hazelnut spread into each cupcake.
Meringue: In small saucepan, heat sugar and 2 tbsp water until temperature registers 245 degrees F on candy thermometer.
Meanwhile, using electric mixer, beat egg whites until soft peaks form. Slowly pour the sugar syrup down side of bowl, beating until side of bowl is barely warm and stiff peaks form.
Transfer into piping bag; pipe over cupcakes. If you like: Using small cooking blowtorch, caramelize the meringue (or broil on high).

Submitter: 
Nutella速 hazelnut spread
Description: 
Cupcakes are also known as fairy cakes, due to their tiny size and their whimsical appearance. Can you resist when you find a cupcake in front of you filled with Nutella速 hazelnut spread and topped with meringue? We bet you'll feel like you have no other choice than to taste it.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
403 calories
20
g fat
51.9
g carbohydrates
5.7
g protein
63
mg cholesterol
142
mg sodium.
