URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261449/cinnamon-star-cookies-with-nutella-hazelnut-spread/
Title:
Cinnamon Star Cookies with Nutella® hazelnut spread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4581403.jpg
Ingredients:
2 egg whites
1 1/3 cups confectioners' sugar, divided
2 2/3 cups ground hazelnuts
1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
1/2 cup Nutella® hazelnut spread
1 teaspoon lemon juice

Directions:
Preheat oven to 250 degrees F; position rack in center of oven.
Using a mixer, beat together the egg whites and 1 1/4 cups confectioners' sugar for 4 to 5 minutes or until soft peaks form.
Reserve 2 tablespoon into a small bowl for the icing used later - combine only this portion with 1 teaspoon of lemon juice. Gently mix hazelnuts and cinnamon into remaining egg white mixture until combined.
On work surface, roll out dough between 2 sheets of parchment paper to 1/8 inch thickness. Using a 2-inch star cookie cutter, cut out 48 cookies, re-rolling scraps once.
Arrange cookies on 2 parchment paper-lined baking sheets. Using 1/2 inch round cookie cutter, cut out rounds in the center of half of the cookies (these will be tops of sandwich cookies).
Spread "icing"-like mixture on the top of the cookie (with the cut out) using a teaspoon.
Bake, in 2 batches, for about 10 minutes or until cookies are set. Let cool completely. Spoon Nutella(R) hazelnut spread into piping bag fitted with small round tip. Pipe 1 teaspoon Nutella(R) hazelnut spread onto half of the cookies (without round cut outs).
Dust remaining cookies with remaining confectioners' sugar; place over Nutella(R) hazelnut spread on bottom halves of cookies.

Submitter: 
Nutella® hazelnut spread
Description: 
Star-shaped cookies, winter holidays and friends--that's the perfect recipe for Christmas, with a nutty, zesty bite. Let's spend some time baking this traditional German delight with your kids, and you will discover how sweet the holidays can be!
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
115 calories
7
g fat
12
g carbohydrates
1.9
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
7
mg sodium.
