URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261412/pot-au-feu/
Title:
Pot-au-Feu Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1058131.jpg
Ingredients:
3 onions, peeled and left whole
3 whole cloves
4 large leeks, white and pale green parts cut into 2 1/2-inch pieces
4 carrots, peeled and halved crosswise
6 ribs celery, halved crosswise
1 head garlic, unpeeled and halved
4 pounds boned beef chuck roast
4 sprigs fresh parsley
4 sprigs fresh thyme
2 bay leaves
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns
12 cups beef stock
6 turnips, peeled and quartered
1 pound rutabagas, peeled and cut into eighths
parsnips, peeled and cut into 2-inch pieces
1 1/2 pounds small potatoes, scrubbed
2 pounds smoked country sausage
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Pierce each whole onion with a clove. Place onions, 2 leeks, 2 carrots, 3 celery ribs, and garlic in a large pot. Set roast on top of the vegetables. Wrap parsley, thyme, and bay leaves in a moistened piece of cheesecloth and tie into a bundle. Add the cheesecloth bundle, salt, and peppercorns to the pot.
Pour beef stock over the roast and vegetables. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low. Cover partially and simmer, skimming occasionally, until roast is very tender, about 2 1/2 hours.
Transfer roast to a large bowl and cover. Strain broth, discarding solids, and return it to the pot. Boil over high heat until reduced to 8 cups, about 45 minutes. Skim off the fat.
Stir remaining 2 leeks, 2 carrots, and 3 ribs celery into the reduced stock. Add turnips, rutabagas, and parsnips. Cover and simmer over low heat until vegetables are just tender, about 30 minutes. Add potatoes. Cover and simmer until potatoes are tender, about 40 minutes more. Add sausage; simmer until heated through, 5 to 10 minutes. Season the broth with salt and pepper.
Slice the roast across the grain into 6 to 8 slices. Ladle the broth into shallow bowls. Plate roast, sausage, and vegetables on a separate platter.

Submitter: 
chef maggie
Description: 
The flavorful broth is often traditionally served first, dotted with croutons and sprinkled with Gruyère cheese. The main dish, or 'bouilli' - a platter of boiled meats and mixed vegetables - follows usually with gherkins and a variety of mustards, horseradish, and sauces alongside. The two courses can also be combined into one course. You can serve with more boiled carrots, leeks, parsnips, potatoes, and turnips, as well as boiled cabbage.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Beef Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
5 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
562 calories
32.1
g fat
35.4
g carbohydrates
32.6
g protein
90
mg cholesterol
1161
mg sodium.
