URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261460/asian-inspired-salmon-patties/
Title:
Asian-Inspired Salmon Patties Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/2137601.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil
1 red bell pepper, finely chopped
2 shallots, finely chopped
1 teaspoon capers, drained (optional)
1 pound salmon fillet, skin removed
1/3 cup light mayonnaise
2 tablespoons soy sauce
2 tablespoons sambal chili sauce
1 tablespoon rice vinegar
1 teaspoon honey
1 teaspoon lime juice
1/2 teaspoon sesame oil
1 (1 inch) piece ginger root, peeled
1 clove garlic
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 egg
1 1/2 cups panko bread crumbs, or as needed, divided
cooking spray

Directions:
Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add red bell pepper, shallots, and capers; cook and stir until shallots are translucent, about 3 minutes. Turn off heat and allow to cool.
Chop salmon fillet into cubes; chop cubes until meat is coarsely ground.
Whisk mayonnaise, soy sauce, sambal, rice vinegar, honey, lime juice, and sesame oil together in a bowl. Grate in ginger root and garlic. Add cooled bell pepper mixture; season with salt and pepper.
Stir chopped salmon and egg into the bowl of bell pepper mixture; do not overmix. Add 1 cup panko and stir again to combine. Add additional panko in small amounts if mixture is not adequately sticking together. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 15 minutes to allow flavors to combine.
Put a layer of panko on a plate. Divide salmon mixture into 6 portions; shape into patties and lay on the panko-lined plate. Add more panko to tops of patties. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to cook.
Preheat a panini press and spray with cooking spray. Remove patties from the refrigerator and cook until hot and cooked throughout, about 7 minutes.

Submitter: 
Spreeha Choudhury
Description: 
This recipe was inspired by Chef John's Fresh Salmon Cakes. With a bit of an Asian twist, these salmon patties are great as a burger or just with some sriracha sauce on top for a low-carb option! Don't be afraid to tweak this recipe to make it spicier or saltier or any way you prefer.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Seafood
Fish Cakes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
57 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
269 calories
11.4
g fat
28.6
g carbohydrates
18.8
g protein
68
mg cholesterol
670
mg sodium.
