URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261444/mini-tiramisu-with-nutella-hazelnut-spread/
Title:
Mini Tiramisu with Nutella速 hazelnut spread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4581397.jpg
Ingredients:
Custard:
1 vanilla bean
2 cups whole milk
8 egg yolks
1/2 cup granulated sugar
3 tablespoons cornstarch
1 pinch salt
Tiramisu:
1 cup heavy cream
1 cup mascarpone cheese
1/3 cup granulated sugar
2 tablespoons dark rum or Marsala wine
20 ladyfinger cookies
2 cups strong brewed coffee
2/3 cup Nutella速 hazelnut spread
Golden sugar beads, to decorate

Directions:
Custard: Place stainless steel bowl in freezer. Split vanilla bean lengthwise and scrape out seeds. In saucepan set over medium heat, combine milk and vanilla seeds; heat until steaming and simmering around edges (do not boil).
In separate bowl, whisk together egg yolks, sugar, cornstarch and salt.
Slowly pour hot milk mixture into egg yolk mixture, whisking until combined. Return to saucepan; cook, stirring constantly for 3 to 4 minutes, or until it is steaming and thickened.
Transfer to stainless steel bowl from freezer; cover surface directly with plastic wrap. Let stand at room temperature for about 30 minutes or until cooled completely.
Tiramisu: In bowl, whip together cream, mascarpone and sugar until mixture is stiff. Stir in rum or wine. Gently fold in cooled custard.
Divide half of the cream mixture among sixteen 1-cup dessert glasses or small bowls.
Dip ladyfingers into coffee and arrange over top. Top with remaining cream mixture.
Spoon Nutella(R) hazelnut spread into piping bag fitted with small, plain tip. Pipe about 1/2 tbsp Nutella(R) hazelnut spread over cream to resemble a Christmas tree. Place gold bead on top of each tree.

Submitter: 
Nutella速 hazelnut spread
Description: 
If you've decided to go for tiramisu as a Christmas treat, you've decided to embrace the Italian tradition while checking the ingredients and praying for a perfect coffee to enrich your delicacy. In the meantime, Nutella速 hazelnut spread is patiently waiting to join the action with a clear mission: to give the tiramisu something extraordinary.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
406 calories
22.4
g fat
43
g carbohydrates
8.1
g protein
222
mg cholesterol
99
mg sodium.
