URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261584/vegetarian-eggplant-lasagna-with-garlic-bechamel-sauce/
Title:
Vegetarian Eggplant Lasagna with Garlic Bechamel Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6093529.jpg
Ingredients:
3 1/2 pounds eggplant, peeled and sliced
salt to taste
2 tablespoons olive oil, or as needed
2 1/3 cups milk
3 cloves garlic, peeled
1/4 cup butter
4 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1/2 cup heavy whipping cream
freshly ground white pepper, to taste
4 tablespoons chopped fresh basil
12 dry lasagna noodles, uncooked
2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese
2/3 cup grated Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Place eggplant slices in a colander and sprinkle with salt. Let stand for 30 minutes to release the bitter juices. Pat dry with paper towels.
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Grease a baking sheet.
Place eggplant on the prepared baking sheet and drizzle with olive oil. Bake in the preheated oven until browned, about 10 minutes. Flip and bake until browned on the other side, about 10 minutes more. Remove from oven and reduce oven temperature to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Grease a rectangular baking dish.
While eggplant bakes, prepare bechamel sauce. Combine milk and garlic in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Remove from heat and set aside. Melt butter in a saucepan; stir in flour. Cook, stirring constantly, until flour cooks to a light, golden color, 5 to 7 minutes. Gradually pour hot milk through a sieve into the saucepan with the flour mixture; reserve garlic cloves. Continue cooking, stirring constantly, until a thick, smooth bechamel forms, about 5 minutes. Reduce temperature to very low and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes. Stir in cream and season with salt and white pepper. Set aside.
Crush reserved garlic cloves and sprinkle over baked eggplant. Season with basil and pepper.
Reheat bechamel sauce over low heat, while stirring well. If it is too thick, add a small amount of milk.
Pour a few tablespoons of the bechamel sauce into the bottom of the baking dish. Place a layer of lasagna noodles on top and cover with a layer of eggplant. Add a layer of bechamel. Sprinkle with a layer of mozzarella cheese and Parmesan cheese. Continue layering until all lasagna noodles, eggplant, bechamel sauce, and mozzarella cheese are used up. End with a layer of lasagna noodles and sprinkle with remaining Parmesan cheese. Press down gently on the lasagna so noodles completely covered with bechamel sauce. Cover the baking dish with aluminum foil.
Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes. Remove aluminum foil and bake until lasagna is cooked through and lightly browned, about 15 minutes more. Remove from oven at let stand at least 10 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
gartenfee
Description: 
This lasagna is a fantastic vegetarian main course that is full of flavor. This recipe also reheats really well, but don't count on leftovers!
Categories:
Main Dish
Pasta
Lasagna
Vegetarian Lasagna

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
615 calories
31.6
g fat
61.1
g carbohydrates
25.9
g protein
87
mg cholesterol
504
mg sodium.
