URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261686/bean-tamales-tameles-de-frijoles/
Title:
Bean Tamales (Tameles de Frijoles) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5024576.jpg
Ingredients:
dried corn husks
6 dried ancho chile peppers, seeded
3 cloves garlic
1 pinch ground cumin
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 tablespoon water, or as needed
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 (17 ounce) can refried beans
1 cup lard
2 pounds fresh corn masa dough
1 (4 ounce) can canned jalapenos, sliced

Directions:
Place corn husks in a bowl, cover with boiling water, and soak for a few hours. Drain, place on a work surface, and cover with a clean, damp towel.
Place ancho chiles in a saucepan and cover with water. Bring to a boil over medium heat and cook until soft, about 10 minutes. Drain.
Combine ancho chiles, garlic, cumin, salt, pepper, and a little water in a blender; blend salsa until smooth. Strain through a sieve.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add 1/2 the salsa and cook, 3 to 5 minutes. Add refried beans, stir well, and cook until most of the liquid has evaporated, about 5 minutes. Set aside.
Beat lard with an electric mixer until fluffy. Add masa and beat until well combined. Add remaining salsa and continue beating until dough has a uniform red color.
Select 1 wide corn husk. Spread about 2 tablespoons masa mixture onto the the corn husk, filling it up to 2 inches from the bottom and 1/4 inch from the top. Place 1 tablespoon of beans and 1 jalapeno slice in the center of the masa mixture. Fold sides of husk together, one over the other. Fold the bottom of the husk over the seam of the 2 folded sides. Repeat with remaining husks.
Place a steamer insert into a saucepan and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer. Bring water to a boil. Add tamales with the open side up and cook until filling is heated through and separates from the husk, about 1 hour. Let tamales rest for 15 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
María Eugenia
Description: 
Homemade ancho pepper chile sauce is mixed with both the masa and the refried beans which gives these authentic Mexican bean tamales their unique flavor. [Recipe originally submitted to Allrecipes.com.mx]
Categories:
World Cuisine
Latin American
Mexican

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
4 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
165 calories
10.1
g fat
16.5
g carbohydrates
2.6
g protein
10
mg cholesterol
191
mg sodium.
