URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261648/pork-chops-with-oniony-mashed-potatoes-and-cider-gravy/
Title:
Pork Chops with Oniony Mashed Potatoes and Cider Gravy Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4582705.jpg
Ingredients:
2 (1-inch thick) bone-in center-cut pork chops
1 teaspoon sea salt
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme
1/2 teaspoon dried rosemary
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
2 tablespoons butter, divided
2 onions, sliced
2 russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1-inch cubes
2 cloves garlic, crushed
1 cup hard apple cider
2 tablespoons Dijon mustard
1 1/2 teaspoons maple syrup
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/4 cup hot milk

Directions:
Combine pork chops, salt, thyme, rosemary, and pepper in a resealable plastic bag. Seal and shake until pork chops are coated with seasoning.
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Fagor(R)) and select Brown function. Pour in oil. Add pork, with seasoning, and cook until browned, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate.
Melt 1 tablespoon butter in the pot. Cook onions until soft and browned, 8 to 10 minutes. Add potatoes and garlic. Balance pork chops over potatoes.
Whisk apple cider, Dijon mustard, maple syrup, and nutmeg in a bowl. Pour over pork chops. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 8 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Let pressure release naturally for 5 minutes. Nudge valve slightly open to release remaining pressure more rapidly. Transfer pork chops to a plate.
Transfer potatoes and onions to a bowl using a slotted spoon, leaving gravy in the pot. Add remaining 1 tablespoon butter and milk to the potatoes; mash until smooth.
Divide mashed potatoes between serving plates. Top with 1 pork chop. Spoon gravy on top.

Submitter: 
LauraF
Description: 
I usually just use my pressure cooker for making beans but have been experimenting with bone-in meats and enjoying the results! Caramelized onions really boost the flavor in the mashed potatoes, and you can't go wrong with a gravy that has apple cider and Dijon mustard!
Categories:
Main Dish
Pork
Pork Chops

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
56 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
720 calories
29.8
g fat
64.9
g carbohydrates
38.6
g protein
114
mg cholesterol
1448
mg sodium.
