URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261650/over-the-top-smores-waffles/
Title:
Over-the-Top S'mores Waffles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4589483.jpg
Ingredients:
1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour
1/4 cup graham cracker crumbs
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 eggs
1 3/4 cups milk
1/2 cup melted butter or vegetable oil
1/4 cup honey
1 teaspoon vanilla
1/3 cup HERSHEY'S Spreads Chocolate, or more as needed
1 (7 ounce) package HERSHEY'S S'mores Baking Pieces

Directions:
In a large bowl, stir together flour, 1/4 cup graham cracker crumbs, baking powder, and salt. Make a well in the center of the flour mixture; set aside.
In a medium bowl, beat eggs lightly; stir in milk, butter or oil, honey, and vanilla. Add egg mixture all at once to the flour mixture. Stir just until moistened (batter should be slightly lumpy).
Add batter to a lightly greased waffle baker preheated according to manufacturer's directions, spreading batter slightly toward the edges. Close lid quickly; do not open until done. Bake according to manufacturer's directions. When done, use a fork to lift waffle off grid and place on a wire rack. Repeat with remaining batter.
Spread each waffle with 1 tablespoon HERSHEY'S Spreads Chocolate. Top each waffle with 1 tablespoon HERSHEY'S S'mores Baking Pieces. Press 2 waffles together to make a sandwich, with all the filling in the middle. Return to the preheated waffle iron, lining up waffle pattern if possible. Cook in waffle iron about 2 minutes more, or until filling is heated through.
Serve warm waffles in tall stacks topped with remaining HERSHEY'S S'mores Baking Pieces. Sprinkle with additional graham cracker crumbles and/or colored sprinkles, if desired. Serve with desired syrups.

Submitter: 
HERSHEY’S Kitchens
Description: 
Kids' eyes will light up when they see these over-the-top s'mores waffle sandwiches filled with chocolate spread and s'mores baking pieces. Serve waffles in tall stacks topped with additional HERSHEY'S S'mores Baking Pieces, graham cracker crumbles, sprinkles, and desired syrups.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
555 calories
27.9
g fat
67.9
g carbohydrates
11.2
g protein
111
mg cholesterol
485
mg sodium.
