URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261636/green-chicken-tamales/
Title:
Green Chicken Tamales Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5266741.jpg
Ingredients:
corn husks
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
salt to taste
water to cover
3/4 pound fresh tomatillos, husks removed
2 serrano peppers, or more to taste
1 onion, chopped
3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro
1 clove garlic, minced
1 cup unsalted butter, softened, divided
3 cups chicken broth
1 pound masa harina
1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
1 1/2 teaspoons salt

Directions:
Place corn husks in a bowl, cover with boiling water, and soak for 30 to 60 minutes. Drain, place on a work surface, and cover with a clean, damp towel.
Place chicken in a pot, season with salt, and cover with water. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, reduce heat, cover, and simmer until chicken is cooked through, 20 to 25 minutes. Drain chicken and shred with 2 forks.
Place tomatillo and serrano peppers in a pot while chicken is cooking, cover with water, and bring to a boil. Cook until tomatillos are soft and have changed color, but are not falling apart, 3 to 5 minutes.
Combine tomatillos, serrano peppers, onion, cilantro, and garlic in a blender; blend into a smooth sauce.
Heat 1 tablespoon butter in a saucepan over medium heat and add tomatillo sauce. Cook until sauce has slightly thickened, 3 to 5 minutes. Add shredded chicken and season filling with salt.
Beat remaining butter in a large bowl with an electric mixer until creamy. Add chicken broth, masa harina, baking powder, and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt and beat well until combined and the consistency of cookie dough. Test if the masa is ready by dropping a small ball of masa into a glass of cold water; if it floats, it's ready, if not, keep beating for a little longer.
Select 1 wide corn husk or 2 small ones. Spread about 2 tablespoons masa mixture onto the the corn husk, filling it up to 2 inches from the bottom and 1/4 inch from the top. Add 1 tablespoon of filling down the center of the masa mixture. Fold sides of husk together, one over the other. Fold the bottom of the husk over the seam of the 2 folded sides. Repeat with remaining husks.
Place a steamer insert into a saucepan and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer. Bring water to a boil. Add tamales with the open side up and cook until filling is heated through and separates from the husk, about 1 hour. Let tamales stand for 15 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
ladoña
Description: 
These authentic Mexican green tamales (tamales verdes) are stuffed with chicken and a spicy tomatillo sauce. To make tamales from scratch takes time, but it is so worth it. [Recipe originally submitted to Allrecipes.com.mx]
Categories:
World Cuisine
Latin American
Mexican

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
2 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
35
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
115 calories
6.2
g fat
11.3
g carbohydrates
4.1
g protein
21
mg cholesterol
232
mg sodium.
