URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261788/santa-hat-cupcakes/
Title:
Santa Hat Cupcakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5983455.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (16 ounce) package vanilla frosting, divided
12 unfrosted cupcakes, cooled
1/4 cup red colored sugar or sprinkles
4 fresh strawberries, hulled
3 ounces ready-to-use white fondant
2 drops red food coloring, or as needed
2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar, or as needed

Directions:
For the Santa hat cupcakes with sprinkles: Place some of the frosting into a piping bag with a large round tip. Pipe frosting perpendicularly to the center of the cupcake in the shape of a Santa hat, using gradually less pressure to create a cone shape. Cover cone with red colored sugar or red sprinkles. Spoon some frosting into a piping bag with a small star-shaped tip. Pipe frosting around the base of the hat for the rim and pipe a small pom-pom on top. Repeat with 3 more cupcakes.
For the Santa hat cupcakes with strawberries: Frost 4 cupcakes with a thin layer of vanilla frosting. Place a strawberry in the center, with the tip facing up. Pipe a small pom-pom on top of the strawberry using the small star-shaped tip. Pipe frosting around the base of the cupcake using the large round tip to create the hat's rim. Create swirls in the rim with a finger. Repeat with remaining 3 frosted cupcakes.
For the Santa hat cupcakes with fondant: Color white fondant with red food coloring. Sprinkle a work surface with confectioners' sugar and roll out 1/4 of the fondant into a very thin 2 1/2-inch circle. Cut a wedge from the circle, leaving a Pac-Man shape. Use the large round tip to pipe a cone of frosting in the center of each cupcake. Fold the cut edges of the fondant together to create a cone shape and place red fondant hat around the frosting cone. Use the star-shaped tip to pipe frosting around the base for the rim and a small pom-pom on top. Repeat with 3 more cupcakes.

Submitter: 
Magda
Description: 
This is a fun Christmas cupcake recipe to make with the kids and is supremely easy if you start with store-bought ingredients. I am describing 3 different ways for making the Santa hats. Choose one (and triple the needed ingredients) or decorate them in different ways.
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Strawberry Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
335 calories
11.6
g fat
56.1
g carbohydrates
1.8
g protein
18
mg cholesterol
188
mg sodium.
