URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261785/modern-thanksgiving-leftover-turkey-pot-pie/
Title:
Modern Thanksgiving Leftover Turkey Pot Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 clove garlic, peeled and smashed
1 onion, chopped
6 ounces thick-cut bacon, sliced into strips
1 (8 ounce) package thickly sliced mushrooms
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon dried thyme
1/2 teaspoon paprika
2 pinches salt
1 pinch ground black pepper
1 pound cooked turkey, cut into bite-size pieces
2 tablespoons butter
2 1/2 cups chicken stock
1/4 cup Marsala wine
1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, or more to taste
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley
1 (9 inch) refrigerated pie crust
1 egg
1 tablespoon water

Directions:
Heat oil and garlic in a skillet over low heat until sizzling, about 2 minutes. Add onion and bacon. Cook, stirring often, until bacon is golden brown and fat is released, about 7 minutes. Remove and discard garlic and add mushrooms; cook and stir until browned and slightly softened, about 5 minutes.
Combine flour, thyme, paprika, 2 pinches salt, and 1 pinch of pepper in a large resealable plastic bag. Add turkey, seal, and shake well to coat.
Melt butter in the skillet with the mushrooms over medium heat. Add coated turkey and any remaining flour mixture. Cook and stir until turkey is golden and flour is browned, about 4 minutes. Pour in stock, Marsala wine, and vinegar. Scrape bottom of pan and let simmer until filling is thickened, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from heat and stir in parsley.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Transfer turkey filling into a 9-inch pie plate.
Beat egg and water together in a bowl to make the egg wash.
Roll pie crust out on your work surface into desired shape and size. Drape crust over the filling in the pie plate. Cut a few slits or decorative holes on top. Tuck edges around filling and brush crust with the egg wash. Place on a baking sheet to catch any overflow.
Bake in the preheated oven until crust is browned and filling is bubbling, 20 to 30 minutes. Let cool slightly before serving, at least 10 minutes.

Submitter: 
April Broxton
Description: 
This was a twist on my favorite chicken pot pie dish. I found that I could utilize the leftover turkey meat and I used the stuffing on the side as an added touch. I have also used a side salad with this same recipe in the past, and it makes for a lighter meal after all those carbs on the big Thanksgiving day meal. I found this makes a nice brunch side dish. Serve with a big spoon. If desired, garnish each serving with parsley.
Categories:
Main Dish
Savory Pies
Pork Pie

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 8 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
347 calories
18.8
g fat
18.8
g carbohydrates
23.3
g protein
82
mg cholesterol
624
mg sodium.
