URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261719/best-homemade-vegan-vegetable-soup/
Title:
Best Homemade Vegan Vegetable Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5701164.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, or to taste
2 potatoes, chopped (optional)
3 stalks celery, sliced
3 carrots, sliced, or more to taste
1/2 large white onion, chopped
8 shiitake mushrooms, sliced, or more to taste
1/2 bunch Swiss chard, chopped
6 cloves garlic, halved
salt and ground black pepper to taste
water to cover
2 bay leaves
1/2 (16 ounce) package fusilli pasta (optional)
1 (8 ounce) container extra-firm tofu, cubed (optional)
2 tablespoons tamari
1 tablespoon vegetable bouillon (such as Better Than Bouillon®)

Directions:
Heat oil in a large pot over medium-high heat. Add potatoes, celery, carrots, and onion. Saute until slightly soft, 2 to 3 minutes. Add mushrooms and cook, stirring frequently, until onion is translucent, about 3 minutes more. Add chard and garlic; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook until chard is wilted, about 2 minutes. Add water to cover, bay leaves, and more salt to taste. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 35 minutes.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil; cook fusilli at a boil until tender yet firm to the bite, about 8 minutes; drain.
Stir tofu, tamari, and bouillon into the soup. Simmer until bouillon is dissolved, about 10 minutes. Add a portion of cooked pasta to each bowl and ladle soup over before serving.

Submitter: 
Chelsea
Description: 
This hearty homemade vegan vegetable soup will wow you with flavor, plus it's easy to make and customize. Add more water to emphasize the broth, less to make the soup more hearty. Enjoy!
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Vegetable Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
214 calories
5.5
g fat
34
g carbohydrates
8.5
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
327
mg sodium.
