URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261777/homemade-chicken-pot-pies/
Title:
Homemade Chicken Pot Pies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/4584887.jpg
Ingredients:
2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
2 (32 ounce) cartons low-sodium chicken broth
5 tablespoons butter, divided
2 tablespoons olive oil
2 cups diced Yukon Gold potatoes
3 large carrots, diced
1 cup frozen sweet corn
2 large stalks celery, diced
½ cup frozen peas
3 teaspoons minced garlic
3 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons ground black pepper
1 teaspoon dried rosemary
½ teaspoon ground nutmeg
½ teaspoon ground thyme
½ teaspoon ground sage
½ cup all-purpose flour
4 cups heavy whipping cream
salt and cracked black pepper to taste (optional)
2 (17.5 ounce) packages frozen puff pastry, thawed
1  egg, whipped, or more to taste

Directions:
Place chicken breasts into a large pot and cover with chicken broth; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 20 to 25 minutes. Take chicken out of broth; pull apart or chop as desired. Keep broth hot.
Melt 3 tablespoons butter and olive oil in a large Dutch oven or stockpot over medium-high heat. Add potatoes, carrots, corn, celery, peas, and garlic. Saute until onions turn soft and translucent, about 15 minutes. Add 3 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons black pepper, rosemary, nutmeg, thyme, and sage. Cook and stir until combined into the vegetable mixture, about 1 minute.
Melt remaining 2 tablespoons butter in the vegetable mixture. Sprinkle flour on top. Cook, stirring constantly, until vegetables are coated, about 1 minute. Ladle in the hot chicken broth, 1 cup at a time, stirring constantly, until pot is sufficiently filled; you may not need all of the broth.
Stir heavy cream into the pot; turn up heat slightly. Add the pulled chicken. Season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally and scraping the bottom, until flavors blend, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, until filling has thickened, about 20 minutes. Let cool for about 5 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease two 12-cup muffin tins. Line 2 baking sheets with aluminum foil and set the muffin tins on top.
Pour filling into the muffin cups.
Roll puff pastry onto a work surface and smooth it out a bit. Cut into 24 pieces slightly larger than the muffin cups. Place pastry pieces on top of the filling in the muffin cups, letting about 1/4 inch of the pastry hang off the edges. Brush tops of the pot pies with the whipped egg. Season with salt and pepper. Cut some slits for venting.
Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, 15 to 25 minutes. Let sit for at least 5 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Emilie Hudgins
Description: 
Poached chicken intensifies the savory flavor of homemade chicken pot pies, complete with a rich gravy made of many colorful vegetables and herbs.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 35 mins
Number of servings: 
5 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
478 calories
35.2
g fat
27.3
g carbohydrates
14
g protein
91
mg cholesterol
503
mg sodium.
