URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261728/vegan-pad-thai-with-baked-tofu/
Title:
Vegan Pad Thai with Baked Tofu Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1 (12 ounce) package firm tofu
½ cup soy sauce
¼ cup rice vinegar
¼ cup lime juice
¼ cup coconut oil
2 tablespoons tamarind paste (optional)
2 tablespoons minced garlic
2 tablespoons minced fresh ginger root
1 tablespoon chile-garlic sauce, or to taste
½ head red cabbage, thinly shredded, or to taste (optional)
4  carrots, cut into matchsticks (optional)
½  daikon radish, peeled and cut into matchsticks, or to taste (optional)
1  red bell pepper, cut into matchsticks (optional)
1  onion, sliced
¼ cup water, or as needed
¼ cup roasted flaxseed meal
1 tablespoon peanut butter, or more to taste (optional)
2 teaspoons chili powder
1 large pinch Himalayan black salt (optional)
1 pinch stevia sugar substitute
2 (12 ounce) packages kelp noodles
2 (14.5 ounce) cans mung bean sprouts, drained, or more to taste
1 bunch green onions, sliced
¼ cup peanuts
¼ cup chopped fresh cilantro

Directions:
Place tofu onto a plate and place another plate on top. Set a 3- to 5-pound weight on top. Press tofu for 20 to 30 minutes; drain and discard the accumulated liquid. Slice into 1/2- to 1-inch thick slabs wide enough for easy flipping.
Mix soy sauce, rice vinegar, lime juice, coconut oil, tamarind paste, garlic, ginger, and chili-garlic sauce together in a square container. Fit the tofu slabs in the marinade so they are submerged; marinate at least 15 minutes. Transfer tofu to a oven-proof plate, reserving the marinade.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Combine cabbage, carrots, daikon, red bell pepper, and onion in a skillet over medium heat. Add 1/4 cup water; saute vegetables until tender, 10 to 15 minutes.
Bake tofu in the preheated oven, flipping after 15 minutes, until dry, 30 to 40 minutes. Chop tofu into smaller pieces.
Whisk flaxseed meal, peanut butter, chili powder, black salt, and stevia into the marinade. Let sit until sauce is thickened, about 5 minutes.
Stir kelp noodles and bean sprouts into the cabbage mixture in the skillet; cook and stir until softened and heated through, about 2 minutes. Mix in the sauce; cook and stir until sauce thickens and sticks to the noodles, about 5 minutes. Add chopped tofu, green onions, peanuts, and cilantro.

Submitter: 
Nattonori
Description: 
This vegan pad Thai adaptation is low-carb, flexible, delicious, and one that you could really get used to making! Possible garnishes include basil, parsley, cashews, edamame beans, sesame seeds, and lime wedges. Serve hot, but tastes fine cold as well.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 52 mins
Number of servings: 
35 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
497 calories
28.2
g fat
49.6
g carbohydrates
20.7
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
2330
mg sodium.
