URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261839/baked-chicken-thighs-coated-with-corn-flake-crumbs/
Title:
Baked Chicken Thighs Coated With Corn Flake Crumbs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4992769.jpg
Ingredients:
8 chicken thighs, trimmed of excess fat and skin
1 1/2 cups corn flake crumbs (such as Kellogg's速 Corn Flakes速 Crumbs)
1 tablespoon teriyaki sauce
1 tablespoon sriracha sauce
1 tablespoon sweet paprika
2 teaspoons rice vinegar
2 teaspoons white sugar

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a half-sheet pan with aluminum foil. Place a baking rack on top.
Place corn flake crumbs in a bowl.
Mix teriyaki sauce, sriracha sauce, paprika, rice vinegar, and sugar together in a large bowl until sauce has a thick consistency.
Place chicken thighs in the bowl with the sauce. Tumble thighs together until completely coated. Smear sauce onto any bare spots and under any loose flaps of skin.
Place 1 thigh into the bowl with the corn flakes. Spoon crumbs on top using a tablespoon. Press crumbs onto the thigh using the back of the spoon, pressing the thigh down into the crumbs to coat the underside. Turn over and repeat pressing. Place onto the baking rack, skin-side up. Repeat with remaining thighs and crumbs, placing largest thighs in the corners of the rack to receive the most heat.
Bake in the preheated oven for 30 to 40 minutes depending on the size of the thighs. Reduce oven temperature to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) and continue baking, 15 to 20 minutes. Turn thighs over to help undersides crisp up. Bake until no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, 15 to 20 minutes more. An instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Let the thighs rest on the baking rack for at least 15 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Doug in Manhattan
Description: 
I like these so much that I make them often. The sriracha scarcely adds any heat at all (mainly flavor), so don't worry about spiciness. For overall crispiness, I usually bake the thighs on a baking rack that's been placed over a foil-lined half-sheet pan. And don't omit the sugar, as it helps the coating adhere to the chicken. By the way, Kellogg's速 Corn Flakes速 Crumbs are usually sold in supermarkets near the bread crumbs and coating mixes, not in the cereal aisle.
Categories:
Everyday Cooking

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
228 calories
9.9
g fat
17.5
g carbohydrates
17.1
g protein
58
mg cholesterol
346
mg sodium.
