URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261802/savory-puff-pastry-christmas-tree/
Title:
Savory Puff Pastry Christmas Tree Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4594095.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons sun-dried tomato pesto
2 tablespoons soft goat cheese (such as Chavrie®)
2 sheets puff pastry
2 tablespoons freshly grated Pecorino-Romano cheese, divided
1 egg, beaten
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Combine sun-dried tomato pesto and goat cheese in a small bowl and stir well.
Unroll 1 puff pastry sheet onto the prepared baking sheet. Cut away 2 strips at the bottom of the sheet to form a tree trunk, about 1 inch wide and tall. Cut diagonally to the top of the puff pastry sheet to create a long triangular shape, removing excess pastry on either side.
Spread a thin layer of the pesto mixture over the pastry, all the way to the sides. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon Pecorino-Romano cheese on top.
Roll up the second puff pastry sheet and place at the tip of the triangle. Unroll carefully towards the bottom. Press down lightly and carefully cut away the sides to match the first triangle. Remove excess pastry.
Cut 2/3-inch thick branches into the sides of the triangle from both sides, leaving a space lengthwise in the center all the way from the trunk to the tip. Twist the branches away from you, trying to get in 2 turns on the lower branches. Continue moving up the tree, twisting away from you as you go.
Brush the entire tree with beaten egg. Sprinkle with remaining 1 tablespoon of Pecorino-Romano cheese and dried oregano.
Bake in the preheated oven until deep golden brown, about 20 minutes. Let cool on the baking sheet slightly.

Submitter: 
Diana Moutsopoulos
Description: 
Fun and easy to make, this savory puff pastry Christmas tree is filled with a combination of creamy goat cheese and sun-dried tomato pesto. It's so much easier to make than it looks and is guaranteed to get lots of oohs and aahs from guests! Serve warm or at room temperature.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Cheese

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
355 calories
24.8
g fat
27.6
g carbohydrates
5.7
g protein
25
mg cholesterol
172
mg sodium.
