URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/261930/ham-and-broccoli-quiche-with-hash-brown-crust/
Title:
Ham and Broccoli Quiche with Hash Brown Crust Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F763350.jpg
Ingredients:
cooking spray
2 cups frozen shredded hash brown potatoes, thawed
½ teaspoon cracked black pepper, divided
2 tablespoons butter
2  sweet onions, chopped
2 cups frozen broccoli florets
1 tablespoon minced garlic
5  eggs
6 ounces garden vegetable cream cheese, softened
4 slices deli ham, chopped
¾ cup shredded Cheddar cheese
¾ cup shredded mozzarella cheese
1 ½ tablespoons shredded Parmesan cheese
1 teaspoon Italian seasoning
¼ teaspoon salt

Directions:
Coat a 9-inch microwave-safe pie plate with cooking spray. Spread hash browns over the bottom and up the sides to form a crust. Press potatoes down lightly and dust with 1/4 teaspoon cracked black pepper. Cook in the microwave on high for 2 minutes; remove from microwave and again press potatoes down lightly.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Melt butter in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add onions and cook until soft, 5 to 6 minutes. Add broccoli and garlic; reduce heat to medium-low. Cover and cook until broccoli is crisp-tender, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from heat and allow to cool.
Beat eggs in a bowl using an electric mixer on medium speed until blended. Add cream cheese and beat until almost smooth. Stir in ham, Cheddar cheese, mozzarella cheese, Parmesan cheese, Italian seasoning, salt, and remaining 1/4 teaspoon cracked black pepper. Stir in cooked broccoli mixture and pour into hash brown crust.
Bake in the preheated oven until edges are puffed and a knife inserted in the center comes out clean, 45 to 50 minutes. Let stand 10 minutes before slicing.

Submitter: 
Kabeach
Description: 
This ham and broccoli quiche recipe is partially my own and partially from Barbie Anderson of my cooking club group.  It's creamy, flavorful, and not too fattening! The recipe calls for deli ham, but I used leftover ham from Christmas and I think the thicker, diced ham made it taste great.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
4 Ratings
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 26 mins
Number of servings: 
10 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
390 calories
28.5
g fat
20.5
g carbohydrates
20.1
g protein
224
mg cholesterol
690
mg sodium.
