URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262000/kimchi-fried-rice-with-bell-pepper/
Title:
Kimchi Fried Rice with Bell Pepper Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 cup kimchi, finely chopped, juice reserved
1 tablespoon gochujang (Korean hot pepper paste)
1 1/2 teaspoons soy sauce
2 teaspoons sesame oil
3 cups cooked white rice
1 1/2 tablespoons sesame oil, divided
2 large eggs, beaten
2 green onions, chopped, white and green parts separated
1/2 red bell pepper, diced
1 1/2 teaspoons Korean red pepper powder (optional)

Directions:
Whisk kimchi juice, gochujang, and soy sauce together in a bowl until the gochujang is dissolved.
Drizzle 2 teaspoons sesame oil onto white rice and mix together in a bowl, breaking up clumps.
Heat 1 1/2 teaspoons oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Pour eggs into the skillet; cook and stir until set, about 4 minutes. Transfer scrambled eggs to a bowl.
Heat remaining 1 tablespoon sesame oil in the same skillet over medium heat until shimmering. Add kimchi and cook until browned and fragrant, about 5 minutes. Stir in bell pepper and whites of green onions and cook until softened, about 5 more minutes. Add rice; cook and stir, pressing down on any clumps, until mixture is a uniform color, about 5 minutes.
Pour kimchi juice mixture into rice and mix. Turn heat to high and cook until rice is browned and doesn't stick together, about 5 minutes. Stir in eggs. Top with remaining green onions and red pepper powder.

Submitter: 
KDC860
Description: 
Found this Korean rice recipe on a site a while back and I've been making it this way ever since. I add a bell pepper to mine or other veggies I might have (once some chopped celery). This goes great with bulgogi and roasted seaweed (kim). Btw, you can get Korean red pepper flakes and Korean red pepper paste (gochujang) from Amazon if you don't have an Asian market near you. You can also get the seaweed there!
Categories:
Main Dish
Rice
Fried Rice

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
39 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
284 calories
10.6
g fat
39.4
g carbohydrates
7.5
g protein
93
mg cholesterol
441
mg sodium.
