URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262057/venezuelan-passion-fruit-mousse/
Title:
Venezuelan Passion Fruit Mousse Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups frozen unsweetened passion fruit pulp, thawed
1/2 cup white sugar
1 tablespoon lime juice
2 (.25 ounce) packages unflavored gelatin
1/4 cup water
6 egg whites
1/2 teaspoon cream of tartar
2 passion fruit pulp and seeds, or more to taste

Directions:
Heat a saucepan over medium-low heat. Combine passion fruit pulp, sugar, and lime juice in the hot pan. Cook and stir until sugar dissolves, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat; let cool completely.
Sprinkle gelatin over water in a bowl. Let soften, about 5 minutes.
Fill a large bowl with ice and water.
Place softened gelatin in the top pan of a double boiler over simmering water. Stir frequently, scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula to avoid scorching, until dissolved, 2 to 4 minutes. Add lime-passion fruit mixture. Stir constantly until hot, 1 to 2 minutes more. Remove from heat. Transfer pan to the ice water bath. Let cool, about 30 minutes.
Mix egg whites and cream of tartar together in a large bowl using an electric mixer until stiff peaks form. Gently fold egg white mixture, 1 spoonful at a time, into the cooled passion fruit mixture using a spatula. Spoon mousse carefully into 10 stemmed glasses or ramekins. Cover with plastic wrap and chill in the refrigerator until set, at least 6 hours.
Let mousse stand at room temperature for 20 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Lucy Monson
Description: 
This recipe uses Venezuelan frozen passion fruit pulp, which I can find in Latino markets. It's very good. Take it out of the freezer and let it thaw before you use it. Garnish with a dollop of fresh whipped cream and top with fruits like kiwi and strawberry plus passion fruit pulp and seeds.
Categories:
Desserts
Mousse

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
7 h 3 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
92 calories
0.3
g fat
19.5
g carbohydrates
4.2
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
47
mg sodium.
