URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262070/beef-stroganoff-soup/
Title:
Beef Stroganoff Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 (1 1/2-pound) flank steak, sliced across the grain
1 (10 ounce) package rotini pasta, or more to taste
1 tablespoon butter
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 onion, chopped
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 (8 ounce) package fresh mushrooms, sliced
3 cups water
1 1/2 tablespoons beef base
1 tablespoon dried dill weed
1/2 cup butter
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 fluid ounces cognac
1/2 cup sour cream
1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley (optional)

Directions:
Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add steak. Cook and stir until steak is firm, hot in the center, and just turning from pink to grey, about 7 minutes. Transfer steak to a bowl.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil; cook the rotini at a boil until tender yet firm to the bite, about 8 minutes; drain.
Melt 1 tablespoon butter and olive oil in the same skillet over medium-high heat. Saute onion and garlic until onion is tender, about 2 minutes. Add the cooked steak and mushrooms; cook and stir until mushrooms are tender and onions are translucent, 3 to 5 minutes.
Transfer beef mixture to a large pot over medium-low heat. Add water, beef base, and dill. Combine thoroughly and let soup simmer until roux is ready.
Melt 1/2 cup butter in the skillet. Whisk in flour until smooth. Cook, stirring constantly, until a thick roux is formed, about 2 minutes. Mix roux slowly and thoroughly into the soup, stirring constantly. Mix in the cooked pasta. Stir in cognac and remove from heat. Add sour cream and mix thoroughly. Top with parsley.

Submitter: 
MN Cook
Description: 
This recipe was born out of a desire to do something new with beef leftovers (I used London broil but suspect steak and ground beef could sub nicely). With minimal effort and basic ingredients, you can create a delicious and hearty dinner reminiscent of beef stroganoff! It's a new house fave in our Alaska kitchen. Enjoy!
Categories:
Main Dish
Beef
Beef Stroganoff

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
41 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
586 calories
29.6
g fat
47.5
g carbohydrates
24
g protein
79
mg cholesterol
957
mg sodium.
