URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262042/korean-take-out-rice-noodles-vegan/
Title:
Korean Take-Out Rice Noodles (Vegan) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/648628.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon diced ginger root
1 clove garlic, chopped
1/4 cup palm sugar
1/3 cup water
1/4 cup tamari
1/4 cup almond butter
3 tablespoons sesame oil, divided
2 tablespoons vegan Worcestershire sauce (such as Annie's®)
1 tablespoon rice vinegar
1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes
1 (8 ounce) package spaghetti-style rice noodles (such as Tinkyada®), or more to taste
2 small heads baby bok choy, trimmed and chopped
2 large carrots, peeled and cut into matchsticks
1 large zucchini - peeled, seeded, and cut into matchsticks
1 bunch scallions, chopped
1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds (optional)

Directions:
Pulse ginger, garlic, and sugar together in a food processor or blender. Add water, tamari, almond butter, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, Worcestershire sauce, rice vinegar, and red pepper flakes. Process again until smooth. Transfer sauce to a small bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until flavors intensify, at least 1 hour.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook noodles in the boiling water, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 14 minutes. Toss in bok choy; cook until slightly wilted, about 1 minute. Drain and rinse in cold water to chill the noodles. Toss in a bowl with remaining 1 tablespoon sesame oil.
Heat a skillet over medium heat. Add carrots; cook and stir until slightly tender, about 3 minutes. Add zucchini. Cook until tender but not mushy, about 5 minutes.
Mix the chilled sauce into the bowl of noodles. Add the carrots and zucchini mixture, scallions, and sesame seeds.

Submitter: 
cuddlebug
Description: 
Here is a vegan Korean rice noodle recipe that I got from a Korean friend of mine when I was stationed there. It's super simple to make, vegan, and low cost. This can be made into a main dish by adding meat if you like. Garnish with cilantro and douse with some sriracha, if desired.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Korean

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
530 calories
21.4
g fat
78.5
g carbohydrates
9.7
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
1327
mg sodium.
