URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262019/salami-ham-steak-and-bean-soup-with-greens/
Title:
Salami, Ham Steak, and Bean Soup with Greens Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon olive oil
1/2 pound ham steak, cut into cubes
2 ribs celery, chopped
1 (4 ounce) package salami, cubed, or more to taste
1 small onion, chopped
4 cloves garlic, chopped
3 (15 ounce) cans navy beans, drained
1 (32 fluid ounce) container chicken stock
1 napa cabbage, halved lengthwise, then cut crosswise into 1/4 inch-thick strips
3 tablespoons ham stock (such as Goya Ham-Flavored Concentrate®) (optional)
1 dash hot sauce, or to taste
ground black pepper to taste
1 (16 ounce) bag fresh spinach, chopped
1 teaspoon dried savory, or to taste
salt to taste

Directions:
Heat oil in a large soup pot over medium heat. Add ham steak, celery, salami, onion, and garlic. Cook and stir until browned, about 5 minutes. Add beans, chicken stock, cabbage, and ham stock. Stir in hot sauce and black pepper. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, cover, and simmer until vegetables are tender, about 25 minutes. Uncover and cook to desired consistency, 5 to 10 minutes more. Add spinach and savory; season with salt.

Submitter: 
Joanna DaCosta
Description: 
On a recent trip to Paris I ordered the special at Le Cafe Marguerite. After sightseeing in the freezing rain, we needed something warm. I got a delicious dish of boiled ham, salami, potatoes, cabbage, and carrots. 

I love ham bean soup and make it quite a bit in the cold months. I dress up my normal recipe with salami and cabbage. 

I love adding turnip, potato, carrot and zucchini, too. This a great recipe to play with. 

The result is quite delicious. Enjoy.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Pork Soup
Ham Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
327 calories
20.6
g fat
13.9
g carbohydrates
23.9
g protein
60
mg cholesterol
2235
mg sodium.
