URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262005/dak-galbi-korean-spicy-chicken-stir-fry/
Title:
Dak Galbi (Korean Spicy Chicken Stir-Fry) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/826475.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, cut into bite-size pieces, or more as needed
¼ cup gochujang (Korean hot pepper paste)
2 tablespoons soy sauce
2 tablespoons gochugaru (Korean red pepper flakes)
1 tablespoon mirin (Japanese sweet wine)
1 tablespoon brown sugar
1 tablespoon sesame oil
4 cloves garlic, minced
¼ teaspoon ground black pepper
¼ teaspoon ground ginger
2 cups Korean-style glutinous rice cakes (tteok)
¼ large head cabbage, sliced into strips
1  sweet potato, sliced into rounds
½  onion, chopped
3  scallions, sliced into 1-inch pieces, divided
4 leaves perilla leaves, sliced, or to taste
½ cup water
1 tablespoon sesame seeds

Directions:
Heat oil in a large nonstick saucepan. Add chicken pieces; cook and stir until nearly opaque, 4 to 7 minutes.
Combine gochujang, soy sauce, gochugaru, mirin, brown sugar, sesame oil, garlic, black pepper, and ginger in a bowl. Add to the saucepan with the chicken. Cook and stir until chicken pieces are browned and well coated, 3 to 5 minutes.
Stir rice cakes, cabbage, sweet potato, and onion into the skillet with the chicken mixture. Cook until sweet potato changes color, about 10 minutes. Add 2 to 2 1/2 scallions and perilla leaves. Cook until wilted, about 3 minutes. Add more water if sauce seems to be drying up. Garnish with remaining scallions and sesame seeds.

Submitter: 
mykoreaneats
Description: 
Dak galbi is another spicy, stir-fried chicken dish that all Koreans seem to love. The main dish between this and other spicy dishes is the addition of cabbage and usually perilla leaves, giving it a distinct and satisfying aroma. There are many dak galbi restaurants/quasi-bars that set up a single, large frying pan in the center of the table for everyone to enjoy the meal together (Koreans literally love eating together). Serve with rice.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
50 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
386 calories
7.3
g fat
52.8
g carbohydrates
25.8
g protein
59
mg cholesterol
384
mg sodium.
