URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262196/vegan-apple-yogurt-parfait-with-maca-powder/
Title:
Vegan Apple-Yogurt Parfait with Maca Powder Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3505468.jpg
Ingredients:
For the Chocolate-Hazelnut Layer:
2 tablespoons carob powder
2 teaspoons cacao powder
1/4 cup coconut milk
For the Applesauce Layer:
1/4 cup unsweetened applesauce
1 teaspoon maca powder (optional)
2 teaspoons raisins
1 teaspoon maple syrup
For the Maple Coconut Flake Layer:
1/4 cup shredded coconut
2 teaspoons maple syrup
For the Coconut Yogurt Layer:
1/4 cup coconut yogurt
For the Toppings:
2 dried figs, thinly sliced
2 fresh strawberries, sliced
1/3 (1 ounce) square unsweetened chocolate, shaved

Directions:
Combine carob powder and cacao powder in a small bowl. Add coconut milk little by little, mixing well until no lumps remain.
Mix applesauce and maca powder together in a bowl. Add raisins and 1 teaspoon maple syrup.
Mix shredded coconut and 2 teaspoons maple syrup together in a bowl.
Spoon layers of 1 tablespoon each carob mixture, maple coconut flakes, maca applesauce, and coconut yogurt, in that order, into 4 digestif glasses or small wine glasses. Cover the parfaits and refrigerate until very cold, at least 4 hours.
Decorate parfaits with figs, strawberries, and shaved chocolate.

Submitter: 
Little Bites of Beauty
Description: 
When it comes to presenting dessert to guests, there is nothing like a jaw-dropping, multi-layered parfait. And this low-fat version of the classic, with apple sauce, coconut yogurt, maca powder, and lots of other whole ingredients, is a winner! 

I am slightly obsessed with coconut yogurt and with making my own carob nutella… so towering these 2 ingredients in a delicious parfait enriched with a hint of Austrian apple strudel was a temptation I couldn't resist.
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Strawberry Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
4 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
160 calories
9.2
g fat
22.3
g carbohydrates
2
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
9
mg sodium.
