URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262182/one-pan-grilled-steak-and-vegetables/
Title:
One-Pan Grilled Steak and Vegetables Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3780004.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (8 ounce) bone-in rib-eye steak
olive oil, or as needed, divided
1 1/2 teaspoons Italian seasoning
1 teaspoon garlic powder
sea salt to taste
freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 Japanese eggplant, sliced into rounds
1 cup halved Brussels sprouts

Directions:
Preheat the grill to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Drizzle steak with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Season with Italian seasoning, garlic powder, sea salt, and black pepper.
Lay eggplant out in an even layer on a wood board and lightly season both sides with salt.
Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large cast iron pan on the grill. Add Brussels sprouts and eggplant. Cook until browned on all sides, flipping halfway, about 15 minutes.
Move vegetables to 1 side of the pan; add remaining olive oil. Turn the vegetable side of the pan towards the outer side of the grill where it it not as hot, keeping the open half of the skillet in the center of the grill.
Place steak in the hot pan. Cook until browned, about 3 minutes. Flip and continue grilling until the inside is to your desired doneness, 2 to 3 minutes more; for medium, an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 140 degrees F (60 degrees C). Let rest briefly before serving.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
I found by cooking all of this dinner in one pot, it added so much flavor to the dish and prevented the grill from flaming or pieces falling in the grate! Using my cast iron pan made it super easy and I served dinner right from the pan! How easy is this. Love one-pot recipes, and this one is paleo, too. Glenn and I are not very big eaters and I don't go wow over steak (just me) but I go crazy over eggplant. This was a perfect meal for two.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Beef
Steaks
Rib-Eye Steak

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
451 calories
38.1
g fat
15.1
g carbohydrates
15.2
g protein
41
mg cholesterol
198
mg sodium.
