URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262195/green-tea-cake-roll/
Title:
Green Tea Cake Roll Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 cup sifted cake flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
2 eggs, separated
1/2 cup white sugar
1/4 cup water
1 tablespoon green tea powder
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Filling:
1 (4 ounce) package cream cheese
1 tablespoon strong brewed coffee, or more to taste (optional)
1 tablespoon sifted confectioners' sugar

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Line a 15x10x1-inch jelly roll pan with waxed paper.
Combine flour and baking powder in a small bowl.
Beat egg yolks in a bowl using an electric mixer until light in color. Add 1/2 cup white sugar, water, green tea powder, and vanilla extract. Beat on low speed until well combined.
Beat egg whites in a small bowl using clean beaters until soft peaks form. Fold egg whites into the egg yolk mixture.
Sprinkle flour mixture over the egg mixture; fold until just combined. Spread batter evenly into the prepared pan.
Bake in the preheated oven until top is golden and cake springs back when lightly touched, about 12 minutes.
Mix cream cheese and coffee together in a separate bowl to make the filling. Sprinkle a piece of aluminum foil the size of the cake with confectioners' sugar.
Immediately loosen edges of cake from the jelly roll pan and turn cake out onto the sugared aluminum foil. Roll up foil and cake, starting from the cake's short end. Let cool to room temperature, at least 20 minutes.
Unroll cake and spread filling over the inside, within 1/2 inch of the edges. Roll up cake. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate, about 30 minutes.

Submitter: 
thatsright
Description: 
Spongy green tea (matcha) cake with cream cheese filling. Like a dream. Wrap leftover cake tightly and store in the refrigerator.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
187 calories
6.3
g fat
28.2
g carbohydrates
4.2
g protein
62
mg cholesterol
121
mg sodium.
