URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262279/fizzy-fermented-fruit-coolers-finnish-sima/
Title:
Fizzy Fermented Fruit Coolers (Finnish Sima) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 gallons water
7 pounds white sugar, or more to taste
2 (16 ounce) cans cranberry sauce, or more to taste
2 1/2 pounds limes, thinly sliced
3 cups mulberries, or more to taste (optional)
1 1/4 cups lemon juice, or more to taste
3/4 cup dates, pitted (optional)
1/3 cup raisins, or more to taste
3 teaspoons ground ginger (optional)
1/2 cup water
10 raisins, or more to taste
1 1/4 tablespoons brewers' yeast

Directions:
Combine 2 gallons water, sugar, cranberry sauce, limes, mulberries, lemon juice, dates, 1/3 cup raisins, and ground ginger in a large pot over high heat. Heat mixture until boiling, stirring frequently to prevent sticking, 20 to 30 minutes.
Boil a kettle of water and use it to rinse the rim and inside of a 5-gallon food-safe container or bucket. Rinse a second time.
Pour the hot sugar-fruit mixture into the sterilized container. Top off with boiling water to 1 or 2 inches below the rim. Cover the container with a clean thin plastic sheet and secure with a large rubber band. Place in a draft-free area until cool, 4 to 5 hours.
Combine 1/2 cup water and 10 raisins in a small pot over medium heat. Bring to a boil. Remove from heat, cover tightly, and let cool to room temperature, about 30 minutes. Stir in brewers' yeast. Cover sima tightly and let sit until mixture is a bit foamy, 6 to 12 hours.
Sterilize a spoon with boiling water. Stir the hydrated yeast mixture and pour it into the sugar-fruit mixture in the 5-gallon container. Stir; there should be some bubbles and foam.
Cover the 5-gallon container again with the plastic sheet and secure with the rubber band. Add a layer of newspaper and a board or piece of plywood on top; this will keep out air while allowing carbon dioxide to escape.
Allow the sima to ferment for 2 days to 3 weeks, depending on the amount of fermentation and alcohol content you desire.
Sterilize 10 plastic 1.5-liter soda bottles and caps with a 2% bleach solution. Rinse bottles well and allow to air dry.
Fill the bottles with sima and cap them. Let the bottles sit at room temperature until hardened; store in the refrigerator 8 hours to overnight or until serving.

Submitter: 
John@Aunties_Homemade
Description: 
A naturally carbonated beverage derived from a recipe for Finnish sima which contains fruit juices, natural carbon dioxide, and some or a lot of alcohol depending on the amount of sugar and fermentation time.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
2 d 19 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
80
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
186 calories
0.1
g fat
48.4
g carbohydrates
0.3
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
7
mg sodium.
