URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262235/roast-greek-lamb-with-tzatziki-roasted-vegetables-and-greek-salad/
Title:
Roast Greek Lamb with Tzatziki, Roasted Vegetables, and Greek salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4572724.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (3 pound) leg of lamb
2 cloves garlic, sliced
3 sprigs fresh rosemary
5 large bay leaves
salt
1 eggplant, cut into 1-inch chunks
1 zucchini, cut into 1-inch chunks
1 red onion, cut into 1-inch chunks
7 large potatoes, thinly sliced
2 tablespoons olive oil, or as needed
sea salt to taste
Tzatziki:
1/2 cucumber, grated
1/2 cup mint leaves, chopped
1 pinch dried oregano, or to taste
salt to taste
1 cup Greek yogurt
Greek Salad:
6 large tomatoes on the vine, thinly sliced
1 cucumber, thinly sliced
1 red onion, thinly sliced
1/2 cup whole black olives
3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
2 tablespoons red wine vinegar
1 (4 ounce) package feta cheese
3 pinches dried oregano

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Open the "pocket" on the wide end of the leg of lamb and stuff with some garlic slices, 1 rosemary sprig, 1 bay leaf, and salt. Make 3 long incisions in the top of the leg with your knife. Stuff remaining garlic, rosemary sprigs, bay leaves, and some salt into the incisions. Season well with salt all over.
Season eggplant, zucchini, and 1 red onion with salt and tumble into a roasting pan. Place the leg of lamb on top.
Roast in the preheated oven for 20 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C) and cover pan with aluminum foil. Continue baking until lamb is tender, about 2 hours 30 minutes.
Spread potatoes on a baking sheet. Drizzle with 2 tablespoons olive oil and season with sea salt. Place in the bottom third of the oven. Bake lamb and potatoes for 30 minutes. Remove lamb and let rest while potatoes finish cooking, about 30 minutes more.
Combine grated cucumber, mint, oregano, and salt in a bowl. Mix in yogurt until well combined. Refrigerate until ready to serve.
Combine tomatoes, sliced cucumber, sliced red onion, and black olives in a deep-sided dish. Drizzle 3 tablespoons olive oil and red wine vinegar on top. Place feta on top and cover with dried oregano.
Carve lamb and serve on a big platter. Scoop out vegetables and juices from the roasting pan and add to the platter. Place roasted potatoes, tzatziki, and Greek salad nearby.

Submitter: 
Try This Recipe!
Description: 
Sunday roasts and summer are two of my favorite things. But when it's too hot outside, the last thing you want is a full roast with gravy and all the trimmings. It just seems wrong. It's also far too hot to be in a kitchen for long. 
Greece is famous for its lamb dishes. So what better way to rewind on a warm summer Sunday afternoon than create this laid-back, slow-roasted Greek feast?
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Lamb

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
4 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
664 calories
28.1
g fat
73.9
g carbohydrates
32
g protein
87
mg cholesterol
390
mg sodium.
