URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262213/wild-mushroom-balls/
Title:
Wild Mushroom Balls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/561279.jpg
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons dried morel mushrooms
2 tablespoons dried porcini mushrooms
1/4 cup salted butter, divided
1 large leek, finely chopped
1 (9 ounce) package mixed mushrooms, sliced (shiitake, chanterelle, portobello, oyster)
salt and ground black pepper to taste
4 1/4 cups vegetable stock, or to taste
2 onions, finely chopped
1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme
1 bay leaf
1 (16 ounce) package Arborio rice
3/4 cup mascarpone cheese
1 (6 ounce) package grated Parmesan cheese, divided
2 teaspoons jerk seasoning, or more to taste
1 tablespoon all-purpose flour, or as needed
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 eggs
1/2 (8 ounce) package panko bread crumbs
oil for frying

Directions:
Soak dried morel and porcini mushrooms in a bowl with 2 cups water.
Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add leek; cook and stir until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Add mixed sliced mushrooms and cook until tender, 2 to 3 minutes more. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer leek mixture to a bowl.
Heat vegetable stock in a saucepan to a low simmer.
Wipe the skillet used for the leek mixture and return to medium heat. Add remaining butter, onions, thyme, and bay leaf. Cook and stir until softened, about 5 minutes. Add rice and cook, stirring to coat all the grains, 2 to 3 minutes.
Remove the re-hydrated mushrooms from the bowl and pour the liquid into the rice. Bring to a boil, stirring until all liquid has been absorbed, 3 to 5 minutes. Chop mushrooms and add to rice. Add the heated stock, 1 ladle at a time, stirring until almost completely absorbed after each addition, about 20 minutes total.
Stir leek mixture, mascarpone cheese, 3/4 of the Parmesan cheese, and jerk seasoning in with the rice. Stir until combined. Remove from heat and let cool until safe to handle, at least 30 minutes.
Season flour with salt and pepper and spread mixture over a plate.
Whisk eggs together in a bowl and season with salt and pepper.
Mix remaining Parmesan cheese with panko in a dish.
Form small balls of risotto using a small ice cream scoop or by hand. Dust with flour, coat with egg, and roll in the panko mixture. Place on a baking sheet and cover with plastic wrap. Cool in the refrigerator, 8 hours to overnight.
Heat oil in a saucepan. Fry mushroom balls in batches, turning halfway until golden brown, about 4 minutes per batch.

Submitter: 
lwebb
Description: 
Wild dried morel mushroom and risotto balls with a spicy jerk seasoning.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Vegetable
Mushrooms

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
10 h
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
242 calories
11.9
g fat
27.8
g carbohydrates
8.1
g protein
43
mg cholesterol
309
mg sodium.
