URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262233/easy-chicken-madras-recipe/
Title:
Easy Chicken Madras Recipe Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/4572726.jpg
Ingredients:
2  onions, coarsely chopped
2  red chile peppers, stemmed and seeded
1 (2 inch) piece fresh ginger, grated
2 cloves garlic
1 splash water, or as needed
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
¼ cup Madras curry powder
4  skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into large chunks
1 (14 ounce) can chopped tomatoes
½ cup chopped cilantro, or to taste

Directions:
Place onions, chile peppers, ginger, and garlic in a blender with a splash of water. Blend into a smooth paste; season with salt and pepper.
Heat oil in a large, high-sided pan over medium heat. Cook paste until slightly browned, about 5 minutes.
Heat a small skillet over medium-low heat. Add Madras curry powder; cook and stir until fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Mix into the paste.
Cook and stir chicken in the spice paste mixture until browned, 5 to 10 minutes. Pour in tomatoes. Fill the tomato can halfway with water and pour in too. Simmer over medium-low heat until liquid is reduced, about 50 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Scatter cilantro on top.

Submitter: 
Try This Recipe!
Description: 
Takeaways: the great British institution. We love them. In fact, all of us, on average, have 2 takeaways a week. I love them, too. They're delicious, but should be an occasional treat. I love Indian food and I discovered Madras whilst at an Indian restaurant. It comes from a region known as Madras in southern India, which is now modern-day Chennai. This is a perfect swap - with fewer calories! Serve with a big spoonful of basmati rice, yogurt, and a fluffy naan.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
4 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.25
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 25 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
246 calories
6.8
g fat
20.7
g carbohydrates
25.6
g protein
59
mg cholesterol
256
mg sodium.
