URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262281/fermented-kosher-style-dill-pickles/
Title:
Fermented Kosher-Style Dill Pickles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5133118.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 gallon water
2 pounds Kirby cucumbers
1 cup tap water
1/3 cup kosher salt
5 cloves fresh garlic, or more to taste
1 bunch fresh dill, stems trimmed
3 dried chile de arbol peppers (optional)

Directions:
Pour 1/2 gallon of water into a large container or pot. Cover loosely and allow to sit for 24 hour to allow dissolved chlorine to escape.
Crisp cucumbers by storing in the refrigerator or soaking in very cold water for 1 hour.
Bring 1 cup water to a boil in a saucepan. Add salt and stir to combine. Set aside to cool.
Wash cucumbers in cold water and remove any blossoms that may be clinging to them. Quarter large cucumbers lengthwise. Cut medium cucumbers in half lengthwise. Leave gherkin-sized cucumbers whole.
Peel and gently crush garlic cloves, but don't splinter them into fragments.
Pour cooled salt water into a 1/2-gallon Mason jar. Add cucumbers, garlic, dill, and dried chile peppers, arranged attractively. Pack cucumbers tightly; they will shrink as they pickle. Fill the jar with the dechlorinated water until cucumbers are just covered to avoid overly diluting the brine.
Loosely cover the jar and set aside at room temperature. Set the jar on a dish if it is very full, to catch any dribbles. Give the pickles 12 to 24 hours to begin fermenting. Refrigerate them, in brine and loosely covered, as they approach the stage of pickling you prefer: new, half-sour, or sour. Don't overshoot the mark, as refrigeration slows, but does not stop, fermentation.

Submitter: 
Doug in Manhattan
Description: 
These old-fashioned deli-style pickles are created entirely by fermentation, without the use of vinegar. This recipe produces a quantity that fills a half-gallon Mason jar. If you like, add a few non-traditional chile de arbol peppers for their red visual appeal (and spiciness)!
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Pickled

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
3 d 20 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
29 calories
0.1
g fat
5.5
g carbohydrates
1.2
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
1906
mg sodium.
