URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262299/mexican-bean-and-tortilla-soup-sopa-tarasca/
Title:
Mexican Bean and Tortilla Soup (Sopa Tarasca) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5315429.jpg
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided
2 pasilla chile peppers - stems, seeds, and veins removed
4 (6 inch) corn tortillas, cut into thin strips
1 Roma tomato
2 serrano peppers, or to taste
1 cup water
1/2 small onion, sliced
4 cups black beans, with liquid
1 pinch ground dried oregano
salt to taste
3 tablespoons grated Cotija cheese, or to taste

Directions:
Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a skillet over medium-low heat. Cook pasilla chiles until light brown, being careful not to burn them, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer chiles to a plate. Increase skillet heat to medium-high; cook tortillas in the same oil until crisp and golden brown, about 3 minutes. Remove from skillet.
Wipe out skillet and place back over medium-high heat. Add tomato and serrano peppers. Roast in the dry skillet, turning occasionally, until skin is charred and flesh is soft, 8 to 12 minutes. Let cool briefly. Peel tomatoes and place in a blender along with serrano peppers. Add water and blend until smooth.
Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add onion; cook and stir until translucent, about 5 minutes. Pour in the tomato mixture; cook until thickened, about 5 minutes.
Pour beans into the blender; process until smooth. Add to the saucepan with the tomato mixture. Add oregano and season with salt. Bring soup to a simmer until beans are heated through, about 5 minutes. Garnish soup with the toasted pasilla chile, tortilla strips, and Cotija cheese.

Submitter: 
Ainé
Description: 
It's not possible to get tired of this traditional recipe for Mexican bean and tortilla soup, or sopa tarasca, from the state of Michoacan. Besides delicious, it is easy, fast, and economical.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Tortilla Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
425 calories
15.5
g fat
55.4
g carbohydrates
19
g protein
11
mg cholesterol
1099
mg sodium.
