URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262206/zimbabwe-african-chicken-stew/
Title:
Zimbabwe African Chicken Stew Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/5414483.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cups water
6  chicken drumsticks, or more to taste
1 large yellow onion, sliced into rings, divided
2  Scotch bonnet chile peppers, chopped, divided
1 clove garlic, divided
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper to taste
1 (15 ounce) can tomato sauce
2  green bell peppers, chopped
2  green onions
1 teaspoon oregano
1 teaspoon paprika
1 (15 ounce) can stewed tomatoes, divided
2  fresh tomatoes, chopped

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Place water and chicken in a large pot. Add one third the onion rings, 1 chile pepper, one third the garlic, salt, and black pepper. Cook over medium heat until vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes; drain water. Transfer mixture to a glass casserole dish.
Place remaining chile pepper, remaining garlic, tomato sauce, green bell peppers, green onions, oregano, and paprika in a blender. Blend into a smooth sauce. Add another third onion rings and 1/2 can stewed tomatoes to the blender; blend sauce until smooth.
Pour sauce over chicken in the casserole dish. Add remaining stewed tomatoes, remaining onion rings, and fresh tomatoes; mix. Cover with aluminum foil.
Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes, turning the chicken every 5 minutes. Remove aluminum foil and cook, uncovered, until chicken is no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, about 5 minutes more. An instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).

Submitter: 
drcook
Description: 
This is a family recipe passed down for generations albeit modified over time. The recipe may be modified to suit individual tastes; the recipe calls for the use of chile peppers but this ingredient may be completely omitted if serving children. Carrots, celery, and mushrooms may be added to the stew according to taste preferences. Serve with rice.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
45 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
235 calories
9.7
g fat
15.2
g carbohydrates
23.1
g protein
85
mg cholesterol
1005
mg sodium.
