URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262226/instant-potr-shepherds-pie-with-potatoes-and-yams/
Title:
Instant Pot® Shepherd's Pie with Potatoes and Yams Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4990352.jpg
Ingredients:
Topping:
1 cup low-sodium chicken broth
1 large yam, chopped
1 large russet potato, chopped
1 teaspoon Himalayan pink salt
1/2 cup milk
3 tablespoons butter
Meat Filling:
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1/2 onion, chopped
2 cloves garlic, mashed
1 1/8 pounds ground beef
salt and ground black pepper to taste
6 mushrooms, sliced
1 cup frozen corn
1 cup frozen green peas
1 crown broccoli, diced
1 carrot, chopped
1 stalk celery, chopped
1 (.87 ounce) package low-sodium gravy mix
1 tablespoon water, or as needed
1/2 cup shredded Cheddar cheese

Directions:
Pour chicken broth into a multi-functional electric pressure cooker. Place a steamer rack into the pot. Add yam and potato; sprinkle pink salt on top. Close and lock the lid. Turn valve to Seal. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 8 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove lid. Remove yam, potato, and rack. Strain liquid into a glass measuring cup and reserve. Return yam and potato to pot. Add milk and butter; mash using a potato masher until smooth. Scrape mashed potato topping into a bowl using a silicone spatula.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Select Saute function on the pressure cooker. Heat oil on high mode. Add onion and garlic; saute until slightly tender, 1 to 2 minutes. Add ground beef, salt, and pepper. Cook and stir until filling is well combined, 2 to 3 minutes. Add mushrooms; saute until starting to soften, about 1 minute.
Stir corn, peas, broccoli, carrot, and celery into the pot with the filling. Pour in reserved potato liquid. Close and lock the lid. Set pot to Manual function. Select low pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 3 minutes. Allow 5 to 10 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove lid. Strain out excess liquid and discard; return filling to pot. Set pot to Saute mode.
Dissolve gravy mix in just enough water to dissolve the powder; add to the filling in the pot. Cook and stir until gravy thickens, about 2 minutes. Transfer filling to a baking dish and cover with the mashed topping. Sprinkle Cheddar cheese on top.
Bake in the preheated oven until cheese is melted, about 10 minutes.
Set oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Broil shepherd's pie until top is browned, 3 to 5 minutes. Let sit for 5 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Jjmcrae
Description: 
Instant Pot® recipe. This is a semi non-traditional shepherd's pie loaded with tons of hidden veggies for those veggie-hating toddlers.
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
UK and Ireland
Irish

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
309 calories
15
g fat
29.8
g carbohydrates
14
g protein
47
mg cholesterol
467
mg sodium.
