URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262230/instant-pot-butternut-squash-and-pumpkin-spice-soup/
Title:
Instant Pot® Butternut Squash and Pumpkin Spice Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6133730.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon avocado oil, or as needed
1 onion, diced
2 pounds butternut squash, cubed
1 teaspoon curry powder
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
3 cups vegetable broth
2 cups unsweetened applesauce
1/2 cup pumpkin puree
2 tablespoons ghee (clarified butter)
2 teaspoons honey, or more to taste
salt to taste

Directions:
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) and select Saute function. Heat oil and add onion. Saute until translucent, about 2 minutes; be careful not to brown the onion. Move onion to the side of the pot. Add a layer of butternut squash to the bottom of the pot. Brown slightly, about 4 minutes. Add remaining butternut squash, curry powder, cinnamon, and nutmeg. Mix and continue cooking until fragrant, about 1 minute.
Pour broth and applesauce into the pot with the butternut squash mixture. Close and lock the lid; set knob to sealing. Select high pressure and set timer for 15 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, 10 to 40 minutes. Unlock and remove lid.
Mix pumpkin puree and ghee into the pot with the soup. Blend with a stick blender. Add honey and salt. Mix thoroughly.

Submitter: 
Shari
Description: 
This always reminds me of fall. It's a creamy, but dairy-free, squash and pumpkin soup with holiday spices. It also happens to be paleo, and without the honey it's Whole30® friendly too! I make this in my Instant Pot® pressure cooker where I just leave it under pressure for 15 minutes, puree, and it's ready. If you don't have a pressure cooker, there are also directions for using a medium or large pot below. Garnish with roasted, salted pumpkin seeds.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Vegetable Soup
Squash Soup
Butternut Squash Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 12 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
200 calories
7.2
g fat
35.2
g carbohydrates
2.7
g protein
11
mg cholesterol
314
mg sodium.
