URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262296/vegan-tortilla-soup/
Title:
Vegan Tortilla Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5043943.jpg
Ingredients:
3 (6 inch) corn tortillas, divided
1 tablespoon avocado oil
1 guajillo chile, seeded and deveined
2 tablespoons olive oil
1/2 small onion, chopped
1 clove garlic, minced
6 Roma tomatoes, chopped
2 cups vegetable stock
salt to taste
1/2 avocado, sliced

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Cut 2 tortillas in half and then into 1/8-inch strips. Place in a bowl and toss with avocado oil. Arrange strips in a single layer on a baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until the strips are crisp and light brown, about 15 minutes. Remove from oven and set aside for garnishing.
Place guajillo chile in a saucepan with water to cover; bring to a boil. Remove from heat and let chile soak in the hot water until soft, at least 10 minutes. Drain.
Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add onion and garlic; saute until transparent, about 3 minutes. Tear remaining tortilla into pieces and add to the skillet. Cook until soft, about 3 minutes. Add tomatoes; cook and stir until tender, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool, about 5 minutes.
Place tomato-tortilla mixture into a blender. Add the soaked guajillo chile and vegetable stock. Blend until smooth. Pour into a saucepan and season with salt. If you prefer a very fine soup, you can strain it into the saucepan. Bring to a boil and let simmer until flavors meld, about 5 minutes. Garnish with baked tortilla strips and avocado slices.

Submitter: 
Crema
Description: 
This is an authentic Mexican tortilla soup made with only a few basic ingredients: corn tortillas, tomatoes, and guajillo chile in a vegetable stock base. Enjoy this basic vegan recipe that is both easy and delicious. Garnish with baked corn tortilla strips.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Tortilla Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
402 calories
30
g fat
32.5
g carbohydrates
5.5
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
383
mg sodium.
