URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262215/russian-layered-salad/
Title:
Russian Layered Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4970978.jpg
Ingredients:
10 ounces skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
3 small potatoes
1 carrot
2 (8 ounce) jars marinated whole mushrooms, drained
2 spring onions, chopped, or more to taste
1 cup mayonnaise
3 hard-boiled eggs, chopped
1 cup grated aged Cheddar cheese
3 cornichons, finely chopped

Directions:
Place chicken in a large pot and cover with water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until no longer pink in the center, about 20 minutes. Drain and cool until easily handled.
Bring another pot of water to a boil while chicken is cooking; boil potatoes and carrot in their skins until easily pierced with a fork, about 20 minutes. Drain and cool until easily handled.
Cut cooled chicken into thin strips. Peel and grate potatoes and carrot.
Line a 9-inch pie plate with plastic wrap. Arrange mushrooms stem-side up over the plastic wrap. Sprinkle spring onions on top. Dot a little mayonnaise all over. Layer carrot over spring onions. Layer 1/2 the potatoes over the carrot. Dress with some mayonnaise.
Arrange eggs, Cheddar cheese, and cornichons in layers over the mayonnaise. Dress with more mayonnaise. Cover with chicken strips, remaining potatoes, and remaining mayonnaise. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 2 hours.
Uncover and invert pie plate onto a serving platter so mushrooms are cap-side up. Peel off the plastic wrap before serving.

Submitter: 
Stanislav Grigoriev
Description: 
This Russian upside-down salad is usually eating for special occasions. It consists of several layers - hard-boiled eggs, cheese, cucumber, boiled meat - and is topped with marinated mushrooms. It can be served as a main course or an elegant starter. Add cranberries and parsley for a festive look.
Categories:
Salad

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
2 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
403 calories
31.3
g fat
17.4
g carbohydrates
16.5
g protein
123
mg cholesterol
439
mg sodium.
