URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262317/menudo-de-sonora-menudo-soup-sonora-style/
Title:
Menudo de Sonora (Menudo Soup Sonora-Style) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
6 quarts water
1 (1/2 pound) cow's foot, cleaned and cut into pieces
1 white onion, quartered
1 head garlic, minced
2 sprigs fresh thyme
2 sprigs fresh marjoram
4 whole black peppercorns
2 bay leaves
4 1/2 pounds beef tripe, cut into bite-sized pieces
2 (15.5 ounce) cans white hominy, drained and rinsed
salt to taste
Garnish:
3 lime, cut into wedges
1 white onion, finely chopped
2 cups chopped fresh cilantro
2 teaspoons dried oregano

Directions:
Bring water a boil in a large soup pot over high heat. Add cow's foot, onion quarters, garlic, thyme, marjoram, peppercorns, and bay leaves. Boil, skimming off the foam the forms on the surface, until broth flavors intensify, about 30 minutes. Add beef tripe and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium, cover, and cook until cow's foot softens, about 1 hour.
Remove cow's foot pieces from the broth and transfer to a dish. Skim fat from the surface of the broth. Add hominy; cook until tripe is softened, 30 to 45 minutes. Do not overcook.
Separate meat from the cow's foot. Discard bones.
Discard onion quarters, garlic, thyme, marjoram, peppercorns, and bay leaves from the broth. Stir in meat and season with salt. Cook until flavors blend, about 5 minutes more. Pour into bowls and garnish each serving with lime wedges, finely chopped onion, cilantro, and oregano.

Submitter: 
Rocía
Description: 
White Sonora-style Mexican menudo soup made with beef tripe and white hominy. Garnish also with ground pequin chile. [Recipe originally submitted to Allrecipes.com.mx]
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Beef Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
2 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
217 calories
6.2
g fat
23.4
g carbohydrates
17.6
g protein
200
mg cholesterol
311
mg sodium.
