URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262342/vegan-tofu-breakfast-burritos-/
Title:
Vegan Tofu Breakfast Burritos  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons olive oil, divided
4 potatoes, diced
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 yellow onion, chopped, divided
2 cloves garlic, minced, or more to taste
2 teaspoons chili powder
2 teaspoons ground cumin
1 teaspoon ground coriander
1/4 cup water
1/4 cup nutritional yeast
1 (16 ounce) package extra-firm tofu
8 (6 inch) corn tortillas

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add potatoes to the hot oil and season with salt and pepper. Cook without stirring until edges have started to brown, about 5 minutes. Toss potatoes and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 15 minutes more. Add 1 chopped onion to the pan in the last 5 minutes.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a separate skillet over medium-high heat. Add remaining chopped onion. Cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and saute until fragrant, about 2 minutes more. Stir in chili powder, cumin, and coriander. Cook and stir to coat, about 1 minute. Pour water into the pan and bring to a boil while scraping the browned bits of food off of the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon.
Place tortillas in the preheated oven and bake until pliable and slightly browned, about 5 minutes.
Crumble tofu into the skillet with the onion-garlic mixture. Cook, stirring occasionally, until hot and coated with spices, about 15 minutes. Add nutritional yeast.
Place a tortilla on a plate and add 1/4 cup cooked potatoes and 1/4 cup tofu mixture to the center. Roll up to make a burrito. Repeat with remaining potatoes, tofu, and tortillas.

Submitter: 
redbetsy
Description: 
This is an excellent vegan breakfast burrito with tofu that is delicious and filling without any eggs or dairy.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Potatoes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
256 calories
9.1
g fat
36.1
g carbohydrates
10.8
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
52
mg sodium.
