URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262301/mexican-chicken-meatball-soup-sopa-de-albondigas-de-pollo/
Title:
Mexican Chicken Meatball Soup (Sopa de Albondigas de Pollo) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5013222.jpg
Ingredients:
4 Roma tomatoes, quartered
1/2 onion
3 cloves garlic
1 tablespoon olive oil
2 1/2 quarts chicken stock
2 pounds ground chicken breast
3 Roma tomatoes, seeded and finely chopped
1/2 onion, finely chopped
1 egg
1/4 cup basmati rice
1 tablespoon finely chopped mint leaves
1/4 teaspoon dried oregano
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 large zucchini, cubed
2 chayote squash - peeled, cored, and cubed
2 carrots, peeled and cubed
salt to taste

Directions:
Combine 4 tomatoes, 1/2 an onion, and garlic in a blender. Blend until smooth.
Heat oil in a soup pot over medium heat. Add the blended tomato mixture; cook until mixture changes color, about 5 minutes. Add chicken stock, reduce heat, and simmer while you prepare the meatballs.
Place ground chicken in a bowl. Add 3 chopped tomatoes, chopped onion, egg, rice, mint, oregano, salt, and pepper. Mix well with your hands until mixture is uniform. Take about 1/4 cup of mixture and form into round meatballs using wet hands. Place on a baking sheet. Repeat with remaining chicken mixture.
Bring stock mixture to a boil. Place a meatball into a ladle and submerge into the boiling stock. Remove ladle and repeat with remaining meatballs.
Place zucchini, chayote, and carrots into the stock. Bring to a boil again. Lower heat, season with salt, and cover. Simmer until meatballs are no longer pink in the center and vegetables are soft, about 30 minutes.

Submitter: 
Crema
Description: 
A delicious soup recipe. Ground chicken meatballs are simmered in chicken broth with zucchini and chayote. I like to serve it with fresh spinach, chopped avocado, lemon juice, and chipotle chile.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Chicken Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
233 calories
4.9
g fat
17.2
g carbohydrates
30.5
g protein
90
mg cholesterol
998
mg sodium.
