URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262323/fish-potstickers/
Title:
Fish Potstickers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 pound whitefish fillets, skinned and deboned
2 carrots, chopped
6 scallions, chopped
1 large egg white
4 teaspoons soy sauce
2 tablespoons cilantro leaves
4 cloves garlic, minced
2 teaspoons sesame oil
2 teaspoons chile oil
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon freshly grated ginger
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 (16 ounce) package 3-inch round wonton wrappers
2 tablespoons vegetable oil

Directions:
Heat a skillet over medium heat. Add fish. Cook, flipping halfway, until lightly browned and flakes easily with a fork, 7 to 10 minutes.
Place 1/2 the fish in a food processor. Add carrots, scallions, egg white, soy sauce, cilantro, garlic, sesame oil, chile oil, salt, ginger, and black pepper. Process until a paste forms; transfer to a bowl. Roughly chop remaining fish and add to the bowl.
Place 1 tablespoon fish paste into the center of a wonton wrapper. Moisten the edge with water; fold wrapper over the filling and press to seal, making pleats along the edge of the dumpling. Repeat with remaining filling and wrappers. Cover dumplings with a damp kitchen towel to keep from drying out.
Heat vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Arrange 1/2 the dumplings tightly together in the skillet. Cook until deep golden brown, about 2 minutes. Add 1 cup hot water, cover, and cook until water has mostly evaporated and dumplings are tender, 4 to 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium, uncover, and cook until remaining water evaporates, about 3 minutes more. Repeat with remaining dumplings.

Submitter: 
KIERSA
Description: 
My husband nets herring every year in Northern Minnesota, and this is a great way to use it! Any whitefish will work. These make a great appetizer or a meal served with an Asian slaw. Garnish with 2 chopped scallions and serve with dipping sauce (see recipe in footnote).
Categories:
Main Dish
Dumplings

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
201 calories
6.5
g fat
23.3
g carbohydrates
11.5
g protein
26
mg cholesterol
539
mg sodium.
