URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262309/chinese-braised-pork-belly/
Title:
Chinese Braised Pork Belly Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4990605.jpg
Ingredients:
3 pounds skinless pork belly
1 tablespoon canola oil
1/3 cup white sugar
2 tablespoons white sugar
4 cups water, or more if needed
5 large green onions, diagonally cut into 2-inch pieces
8 cloves garlic, smashed
1/2 cup fino dry sherry
1/2 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce
2 tablespoons dark molasses
8 whole star anise
1 cucumber, thinly sliced
1 green onion, thinly sliced

Directions:
Cut pork into eight 2x3-inch pieces.
Heat oil in a 6-quart Dutch oven over high heat. In 2 batches, sear pork, fat sides first, until light golden, 30 to 60 seconds per side. Transfer to a plate. Pour out all but 1 to 2 tablespoons of the drippings.
Add 1/3 cup sugar to pot; melt, stirring if needed, over medium-high heat. Cook until a light caramel color, about 1 minute. Reduce heat to medium, then return pork to pot, turning pieces to coat. When sugar darkens to an orange color, after about 1 minute, add water; stir to loosen any sugar stuck to the bottom.
Add green onions, garlic, sherry, soy sauce, molasses, star anise, and remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. If needed, add up to 1/2 cup additional water to nearly cover pork. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer, covered, turning occasionally, until a knife inserted 1/4 inch into the fat layer meets little resistance, about 1 hour and 45 minutes.
Transfer pork to a plate with a slotted spoon; loosely cover. Skim fat and drain solids from cooking liquid. Return 4 cups liquid to pot and bring to a boil; simmer over medium-high heat until reduced to about 1 cup, about 30 minutes. Sauce will thicken more as it cools.
Slice pork into twenty-four 1/2-inch-thick pieces. Working in batches, warm pork with half the sauce in a large nonstick skillet over medium to medium-high heat. Turn pork frequently to coat and, if desired, let sear slightly.  Garnish with cucumber slices and sliced green onion.

Submitter: 
Andrea Nguyen
Description: 
This dish is called red-cooked pork, or hong shao rou in Mandarin. It's delicious served on steamed buns or over rice. Caramelized sugar, star anise, and sherry give the braising liquid a complex flavor, and a combination of soy sauce and molasses gives the finished sauce its rich, mahogany color. Serve on steamed buns (such as Andrea's Steamed Buns on this site).
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Chinese

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
2 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
279 calories
17
g fat
15.6
g carbohydrates
15
g protein
41
mg cholesterol
1285
mg sodium.
