URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262333/vegan-butternut-squash-and-tofu-chili-/
Title:
Vegan Butternut Squash and Tofu Chili  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 green bell pepper, chopped
1 onion, chopped
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 (16 ounce) package firm tofu, drained
1 butternut squash - peeled, seeded, and cubed
1 (15 ounce) can kidney beans, rinsed and drained
1 (15 ounce) can cannellini beans, drained and rinsed
1 (15 ounce) can corn, drained
1 cup vegetable broth, or more as needed
1 (8 ounce) can tomato paste
2 serrano peppers, seeded and finely chopped
1 tablespoon ground allspice
1 tablespoon ground cumin
1 tablespoon cayenne pepper
1 teaspoon garlic salt
2 tablespoons hot sauce (such as Frank's® Redhot®), or more to taste
salt to taste

Directions:
Heat oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add green bell pepper, onion, and garlic. Cook and stir until onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Add tofu; break up and stir until crumbly and firm, about 10 minutes.
Combine butternut squash, kidney beans, cannellini beans, corn, broth, tomato paste, and serrano peppers in the pot with the tofu mixture. Add allspice, cumin, cayenne pepper, and garlic salt. Add extra broth or water as needed to just cover the vegetable mixture. Bring to a simmer; reduce heat to medium-low and cover. Simmer, stirring occasionally, until squash is tender, about 30 minutes. Add hot sauce and salt.

Submitter: 
kate
Description: 
A fabulous and easy vegan chili with butternut squash and tofu. Great winter recipe! The tofu is scrambled and takes on an almost crumbled meat-like texture, not squishy and full of flavor. Great for vegans, vegetarians, and omnivores. This is my most popular potluck dish! Please experiment with this recipe and let us know how it turns out!
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Chili
Vegetarian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
316 calories
7.7
g fat
54.4
g carbohydrates
14.4
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
1012
mg sodium.
