URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262350/restaurant-style-tofu-lettuce-wraps/
Title:
Restaurant-Style Tofu Lettuce Wraps Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1 (12 ounce) package extra-firm tofu, drained
¼ cup soy sauce
3 tablespoons brown sugar
1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar
1 tablespoon dry sherry (optional)
¼ cup water
¼ cup white sugar, or to taste
3 tablespoons soy sauce
2 tablespoons hoisin sauce
2 tablespoons oyster sauce
1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar
1 teaspoon chile-garlic sauce (such as Sriracha(<sup>&reg;</sup>)), or more to taste
1 teaspoon cornstarch, or as needed (optional)
2 teaspoons sesame oil, divided, or to taste
1 large white onion, chopped
2 cloves garlic, chopped
1 (15 ounce) can straw mushrooms, drained and chopped
1 (8 ounce) can water chestnuts, drained and chopped
1 (8 ounce) can bamboo shoots, drained and chopped
1 medium head radicchio, chopped
1 (8 ounce) package bean sprouts
1 (5 ounce) can fried noodles (such as La Choy(<sup>&reg;</sup>))
chopped peanuts
½ cup chopped carrot
½ cup green onions, chopped
1 (10 ounce) bag romaine lettuce leaves

Directions:
Place tofu in an airtight container and freeze for 24 hours. Remove from container and thaw, at least 3 hours. Squeeze out excess moisture with your hands or place tofu on paper towels and lay a heavy cutting board on top.
Whisk 1/4 cup soy sauce, brown sugar, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, and sherry together in a bowl to make the cooking sauce.
Whisk water, white sugar, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, hoisin sauce, oyster sauce, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, and chile-garlic sauce together in a small saucepan over medium-low heat. Add 1/4 teaspoon cornstarch at a time and whisk until thickened, 3 to 5 minutes. Store special sauce in the refrigerator until ready to serve.
Chop tofu roughly into small pieces. Heat 1 teaspoon sesame oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add tofu when oil is hot; stir-fry until tofu is browned, about 5 minutes. Set tofu aside in a bowl.
Heat remaining sesame oil in the skillet over high heat. Saute onion and garlic until browned and any excess liquid is absorbed, about 2 minutes. Add mushrooms, water chestnuts, and bamboo shoots. Cook over medium-high heat until any excess liquid is absorbed, 2 to 3 minutes. Add cooking sauce to the skillet and stir. Add tofu to the skillet. Cook until sauce is thickened and all vegetables are tender, 2 to 3 minutes more. Remove from heat.
Place radicchio, bean sprouts, noodles, peanuts, carrot, and green onions in individual bowls. Place tofu mixture in a serving bowl. Arrange lettuce leaves on a large plate. Put special sauce in a serving bowl with a spoon. Assemble by placing 2 to 3 lettuce leaves on a plate, topping with tofu and garnishes, and drizzling the special sauce on top.

Submitter: 
hillarymvaughan
Description: 
I looked high and low for tofu lettuce wrap recipes and could not find one single recipe on the web that hit the spot, so I made up my own. This is delicious and, although it takes a little preparation, it's totally worth it. Serve with some Chinese-style hot mustard.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
40 mins
Ready in:
1 day
Number of servings: 
1 day
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
292 calories
10.2
g fat
41.6
g carbohydrates
13.3
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
1284
mg sodium.
