URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262351/vegetarian-tofu-lettuce-wraps/
Title:
Vegetarian Tofu Lettuce Wraps Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/801336.jpg
Ingredients:
2 (12 ounce) packages tofu, drained
1 head iceberg lettuce, or as needed
cooking spray
6 tablespoons reduced-sodium soy sauce
2 ½ tablespoons rice vinegar
2 tablespoons natural peanut butter
1 tablespoon honey
1 tablespoon water
1 teaspoon chile-garlic sauce
1 teaspoon canola oil, or to taste
1  onion, minced
1 cup shiitake mushrooms, chopped (optional)
4 cloves garlic, minced, or more to taste
1 tablespoon peeled and minced fresh ginger
1 (8 ounce) can chopped water chestnuts
6  green onions, chopped

Directions:
Slice tofu into 1/4- to 1/2-inch thick slices. Lay them on a clean towel covered with 2 layers of paper towels. Place a baking sheet on top and place a heavy weight on the baking sheet. Let sit for at least 30 minutes.
Remove lettuce core and soak, bottom down, in a bowl of cold water, about 1 hour. Remove from water and allow to drain. Remove the leaves carefully, working from the outside in. Use scissors to cut leaves into more shapely "bowls," if you like.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Spray a baking sheet with cooking spray.
Mix soy sauce, vinegar, peanut butter, honey, water, and chile-garlic sauce together in a microwave-safe bowl. Heat in the microwave until warmed, 20 to 30 seconds. Stir peanut sauce until smooth.
Dip tofu slices in peanut sauce and place on the prepared baking sheet. Reserve remaining sauce. Spray tofu with cooking spray.
Bake in the preheated oven until dry, 45 to 60 minutes, flipping once or twice. Cool until safe to handle and chop into cubes.
Heat oil in a wok over medium heat. Add onion and cook until slightly softened, about 3 minutes. Add mushrooms; cook until onion is translucent, about 3 minutes more. Add garlic and ginger; cook until fragrant, about 1 minute more. Add tofu cubes and reserved sauce. Cook until heated through, about 3 minutes more. Add water chestnuts and green onions. Remove from heat.
Spoon hot tofu mixture into lettuce leaves.

Submitter: 
Prelude2Chaos
Description: 
My best attempt at recreating my most favorite dish of tofu lettuce wraps.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
1 hr
Ready in:
30 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
208 calories
9.2
g fat
21.6
g carbohydrates
13.8
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
624
mg sodium.
