URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262492/tasty-hand-held-chicken-pot-pie-pockets/
Title:
Tasty Hand-Held Chicken Pot Pie Pockets Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/2230072.jpg
Ingredients:
2  skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into 1/2-inch cubes
1 (14.5 ounce) can fat-free chicken broth, divided
½ (16 ounce) package frozen mixed vegetables
1 cup dehydrated onion flakes
⅓ cup granulated garlic
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 packet dry chicken gravy mix
½ teaspoon salt
1 cup instant potato flakes
cooking spray
2 (7.5 ounce) cans reduced-fat refrigerated biscuit dough (such as Pillsbury(<sup>&reg;</sup>) <sup>&reg;</sup>educed Fat Crescents)
1 small egg, beaten

Directions:
Place chicken in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cover and cook, stirring halfway, until no longer pink in the center, 6 to 12 minutes.
Pour half the chicken broth into the skillet with the chicken. Add frozen vegetables, dehydrated onion, granulated garlic, minced garlic, gravy mix, and salt. Stir and cover; reduce heat to medium and cook until flavors meld, about 8 minutes. Add instant potatoes and stir until incorporated. Add remaining chicken broth and stir. Cover and reduce heat to low; cook until thickened to your liking, about 8 minutes more.
Remove skillet from heat and allow to cool, about 30 minutes. Pour into a container, cover, and refrigerate filling, 2 hours to overnight.
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Spray 2 baking sheets with cooking spray.
Open and unroll dough into one continuous sheet. Place on a prepared baking sheet. Pinch all seams together, sealing them. Stretch the dough to twice its size using a small rolling pin. Score the sheet into 8 squares using a knife. Repeat with the remaining dough on the other baking sheet.
Place 1 heaping tablespoon of filling into the center of a dough square. Pull the side up and over the mixture. Seal the edge carefully with your fingers and then using a fork. Repeat with remaining dough and filling.
Bake in the preheated oven, watching carefully until just starting to brown, about 13 minutes. Brush pies with beaten egg and cook until dried, about 2 minutes more. Allow to cool for a few minutes before eating.

Submitter: 
Roxbury-Brower
Description: 
Easy to make and eat, mini chicken hand pies are pockets made of refrigerated biscuit dough filled with boneless breast chunks, frozen veggies, gravy, and instant potatoes.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
3 hrs 10 mins
Number of servings: 
2 hrs
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
132 calories
1.9
g fat
22.4
g carbohydrates
7.3
g protein
17
mg cholesterol
477
mg sodium.
