URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262424/turon-caramelized-banana-triangles/
Title:
Turon (Caramelized Banana Triangles) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/592178.jpg
Ingredients:
Filling:
1 tablespoon butter
1 banana, halved lengthwise
1/4 cup brown sugar
1 dash ground cinnamon
Paste:
1 tablespoon water
1 tablespoon all-purpose flour
Sprinkle:
1 tablespoon white sugar
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
5 lumpia wrappers, cut into thirds, or more as needed
vegetable oil for frying

Directions:
Melt butter in a skillet over medium-high heat. Stir in brown sugar and 1 dash of cinnamon. Mix well until bubbles start to appear. Add banana; cook, stirring gently, until it starts to brown, about 5 minutes. Transfer banana to a bowl; roughly slice into 1/4-inch chunks using a spoon. Let filling cool briefly.
Whisk water and flour together in a small bowl to make the paste. Mix white sugar and 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon together in another small bowl.
Lay 1 lumpia strip on a flat work surface. Place 3/4- to 1 teaspoon of filling in the lower corner of the wrapper; fold 1 corner over the filling and enclose, forming a triangle. Fold over the other edges to finish the triangle, smearing the last fold with the paste to seal. Place triangle on a plate, seam-side down. Repeat with remaining wrappers, filling, and paste.
Heat 2 inches of oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Fry the triangles in batches until golden brown, about 4 minutes per batch. Drain on a paper towel and sprinkle cinnamon sugar over the warm triangles.

Submitter: 
moaa
Description: 
This simplified banana filling is a favorite Filipino treat. It is also known as turon, using burro bananas cut lengthwise (instead of my sliced version), sprinkled with brown sugar, then rolled like an egg roll. I decided to fold this in a cute triangle shape inspired by my favorite Vietnamese sandwich shop. Drizzle with chocolate or caramel for a prettier presentation.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Filipino

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
67 calories
3.8
g fat
8.3
g carbohydrates
0.4
g protein
2
mg cholesterol
22
mg sodium.
