URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262509/cheesy-broccoli-cauliflower-tots/
Title:
Cheesy Broccoli Cauliflower Tots Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F4977701.jpg
Ingredients:
1 head broccoli, broken into florets
½ head cauliflower, broken into florets
1 ½ cups shredded Mexican cheese blend
½ cup coconut flour
1 tablespoon onion powder
1 teaspoon garlic powder
½ teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon ground black pepper
3  eggs

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Bring a pot of water to a boil. Add broccoli; boil until tender, about 5 minutes.
Place 1/2 the broccoli into a food processor or blender. Pulse until broken down into smaller, finer pieces. Transfer to a clean cheesecloth over a large bowl. Repeat with remaining broccoli. Twist the cheesecloth to squeeze out the liquid. Transfer broccoli to a mixing bowl.
Chop cauliflower into small pieces in the food processor. Transfer to a clean cheesecloth over the large bowl. Twist and squeeze out excess moisture. Transfer cauliflower to the mixing bowl.
Mix shredded Mexican cheese blend with the vegetables in the mixing bowl. Stir in coconut flour, onion powder, garlic powder, salt, and pepper. Add eggs; mix well. Scoop out about 1 tablespoon of the mixture onto a flat work surface and roll into a 'tot' about 1 inch tall and 3/4 inch wide. Repeat shaping the remaining mixture and place tots on the prepared baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven, turning the pan as needed, until tots are evenly golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes.

Submitter: 
Gracie Lim
Description: 
This recipe would be perfect for those of you who love to munch on snacks during the day, but don't want to add up the excessive amount of carbs. These tots are not only low-carb and tasty, they are also super easy to make! You can carry these cheesy tots to work or while you travel. These tasty tots are packed with fiber and nutrients, they will keep you full and energized for hours.
 This way, you no longer have a reason to reach for a bag of potato chips!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
2 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 5 mins
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
60 calories
4.1
g fat
2.5
g carbohydrates
4
g protein
38
mg cholesterol
156
mg sodium.
