URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262534/pressure-cooker-minestrone-soup-with-beef/
Title:
Pressure Cooker Minestrone Soup With Beef Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6322392.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 cup olive oil, divided
10 ounces boneless beef chuck roast, cut into chunks, or more to taste
1 large onion, diced
2 carrots, diced
2 stalks celery, diced
3 cloves garlic, minced
4 cups tomato sauce
4 cups chicken broth
2 cups baby spinach leaves, chopped
1/2 cup red wine
3/4 cup small seashell pasta
1/2 (12 ounce) bag green beans, chopped
2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil
1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano
1 cup black beans, drained and rinsed
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) set on Saute mode. Add beef; saute until browned on the outside, about 6 minutes. Remove from pot.
Heat remaining olive oil in the pressure cooker. Add onion, carrots, celery, and garlic. Saute until vegetables are softened, scraping the browned bits into the mixture. Turn off Saute mode.
Return beef and drippings to the pressure cooker. Add tomato sauce, broth, spinach, wine, pasta, green beans, basil, and oregano. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 6 minutes. Allow about 8 minutes for pressure to build.
When timer is done, let minestrone sit, 1 to 2 minutes. Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove lid. Add black beans; season with salt and pepper.

Submitter: 
MissouriChef
Description: 
A hearty and delicious tomato-based soup rich with vegetables and beef. Cooked quickly in an Instant Pot® or pressure cooker. Just like my Nana would make! Top with grated Parmesan cheese.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Vegetable Soup
Minestrone

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
335 calories
15.3
g fat
34.2
g carbohydrates
14.1
g protein
26
mg cholesterol
1854
mg sodium.
