URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262512/panko-fried-salmon-fish-tacos/
Title:
Panko-Fried Salmon Fish Tacos Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/393298.jpg
Ingredients:
8 (7 inch) flour tortillas
Chipotle Cream Sauce:
1/2 cup mayonnaise
1 jalapeno pepper, chopped
1/2 teaspoon chipotle chile powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
Breading:
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon onion powder
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1/8 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 1/2 cups panko bread crumbs, or more as needed
2 eggs, beaten
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 (1 pound) fillet salmon, cut into chunks
canola oil for frying
2 tablespoons lime juice
Toppings:
1 1/2 cups chopped white cabbage
3/4 cup chopped cilantro
1 avocado, chopped
2 Roma tomatoes, seeded and diced
1/2 onion, diced
1/8 teaspoon garlic salt

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F (95 degrees C). Wrap tortillas in a single piece of aluminum foil and place in oven until ready to serve.
Blend mayonnaise, jalapeno, chipotle powder, and salt in a food processor or blender until creamy. Cover and refrigerate the chipotle sauce until ready to serve.
Combine garlic powder, onion powder, cumin, salt, and black pepper in a shallow bowl. Separate panko, beaten eggs, and flour into individual shallow bowls. Season salmon pieces well with cumin mixture. Dredge each piece in flour, dip in eggs, and coat in panko. Pat down panko until it adheres well to the salmon.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Place breaded salmon pieces in the oil and fry until browned on 1 side, about 2 minutes. Turn pieces over and fry until other side is browned, about 5 minutes. Turn pieces again and fry until salmon flakes, 3 to 5 minutes more. Transfer to a plate and drizzle lime juice over the salmon.
Mix cabbage and cilantro together in a serving bowl. Mix avocado, tomatoes, onion, and garlic salt carefully in a separate bowl.
Remove tortillas from the oven and chipotle sauce from the refrigerator. Prepare a taco by filling a tortilla with salmon, cabbage mixture, avocado mixture, and chipotle cream sauce. Repeat with remaining tortillas, salmon, toppings, and sauce.

Submitter: 
rivche
Description: 
This is a take on the California-style fish taco, featuring panko-breaded, pan-fried salmon and a chipotle cream sauce. Deeeeelish! There is something very lovely in the pairing of salmon and chipotle! Tastes great with a side of white rice! Enjoy.
Categories:
Main Dish
Tacos

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
434 calories
22.7
g fat
43.9
g carbohydrates
19
g protein
76
mg cholesterol
588
mg sodium.
