URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262613/new-mexico-green-chile-brisket-stew/
Title:
New Mexico Green Chile Brisket Stew Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3083480.jpg
Ingredients:
2 1/4 pounds beef brisket
1 1/2 teaspoons chili powder
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon onion powder
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/4 teaspoon herbes de Provence, crumbled
1 pinch ground red chile pepper
1/4 cup masa harina
1 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 cup sliced carrots
1 cup sliced celery
1 medium yellow onion, coarsely chopped
1 (14.5 ounce) can chicken broth
1 cup dried pinto beans, sorted and rinsed
2 potatoes, peeled and diced
2 medium tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and diced
1 cup chopped green chile peppers
1 cup water
1 teaspoon garlic salt

Directions:
Cut brisket in half to fit the pressure cooker. Place brisket on a large plate or sheet of waxed paper. Season both sides of each piece with chili powder, oregano, onion powder, cumin, black pepper, herbes de Provence, and red chile pepper. Dredge brisket pieces in masa harina; reserve any masa that falls off.
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) and select Saute function. Add oil; when hot, add brisket to the pot and brown both sides of each piece, about 7 minutes. Transfer brisket to a plate. Add carrots, celery, and onion; saute until slightly softened, about 5 minutes more.
Pour chicken broth and beans into the pressure cooker. Add any reserved masa and the browned brisket. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 40 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove lid.
Remove brisket from the pressure cooker and set aside. Add potatoes, tomatoes, green chiles, and water to the pot. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 8 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build. Trim excess fat from brisket and cut into bite-sized pieces.
Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove lid. Add up to an additional cup of water if stew is too thick. Add brisket back to the pot. Add garlic salt.
Cook the stew on low heat until warmed through, up to 1 hour.

Submitter: 
Candy Morehouse
Description: 
Cooked in an Instant Pot® electric pressure cooker, this stew takes on the wonderful flavors of the Southwest and is ready in little time to make a hearty, satisfying, comfort-food meal. Garnish with sprigs of fresh cilantro, if desired.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Stews
Beef

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
264 calories
5.9
g fat
34.3
g carbohydrates
19.1
g protein
27
mg cholesterol
1184
mg sodium.
