URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262684/vegan-raspberry-chocolate-tarts/
Title:
Vegan Raspberry Chocolate Tarts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5122686.jpg
Ingredients:
Crust:
1 cup firmly packed pitted dates
1/2 cup walnuts
Ganache:
1 1/2 cups vegan chocolate chips
1 tablespoon coconut oil
1/2 cup coconut cream (mix solid and liquid creams together before measuring)
3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder
Raspberry Filling:
6 ounces fresh raspberries

Directions:
Combine dates and walnuts in the bowl of a food processor and blend until well combined, about 2 minutes. Press about 2 tablespoons of mixture into the bottom of 12 mini tart pans. Place in the freezer while making ganache.
Place chocolate chips and coconut oil in top of a double boiler over simmering water. Stir frequently, scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula to avoid scorching, until chocolate is melted, about 5 minutes. Add melted chocolate to the bowl of the food processor. Add coconut cream and cocoa powder and mix on high until smooth, about 1 minute.
Remove crusts from the freezer. Spoon about 1 1/2 teaspoons of ganache on top of each crust, spreading to the edges. Add enough to reach halfway up the side of the tart cup. Place tarts back in the freezer until firm, about 10 minutes.
Mash raspberries in a bowl with a fork until they have the consistency of sauce. Spread a layer of mashed raspberries onto the hardened ganache layer, but don't go all the way to the edges. Freeze until sauce is firm and won't collapse when topped with ganache, about 20 minutes.
Remove tarts from freezer. Add the remaining ganache to the top, spreading all the way to the edges. Try to seal in the raspberry sauce as much as possible. Return to the freezer to firm up. Keep tarts in the refrigerator if you are serving them within 2 hours.

Submitter: 
Isabel Carlisle Storolis
Description: 
I ordered some silicone molds thinking they were going to be the size of big peanut butter cups, but I opened the package to find mini tart-size pans. My disappointment quickly turned to excitement thinking of all the possibilities! I went into the kitchen and let what I had inspire me. I must say the result is darn delicious. 
Living a healthier lifestyle doesn't mean you have to give up decadence and these vegan chocolate tarts prove it. They're rich and so full of flavor they'll knock you off your chair.
Categories:
Desserts
Pies
Tarts
Fruit Tarts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
173 calories
13.8
g fat
14.2
g carbohydrates
1.5
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
< 1
mg sodium.
