URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262608/cypriot-tahini-pies-with-orange-flavor/
Title:
Cypriot Tahini Pies with Orange Flavor Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4539711.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups white sugar, divided
1 1/4 cups warm water, divided
1 ounce compressed fresh yeast
2 cups bread flour
2 cups unbleached all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
6 tablespoons sesame seeds (optional)
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
1 orange, zested
1 1/4 cups tahini

Directions:
Combine 1 teaspoon sugar, 1/4 cup water, and yeast together in a small bowl. Stir well with a fork.
Sift bread flour and all-purpose flour together in a mixing bowl. Add salt and blend. Pour in yeast mixture. Start adding remaining water gradually; mix until dough comes together. Place dough on a flat work surface and knead until soft and smooth, about 15 minutes.
Transfer dough to a lightly greased bowl and cover. Place it a warm spot and let it rise for 45 minutes.
In the meantime, prepare the filling. Add remaining sugar, sesame seeds, cinnamon, and orange zest to the tahini. Mix well.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.
Flatten dough gently and cut into 8 equal pieces. Keep dough covered as you work with 1 piece at a time.
Roll out 1 piece of dough into a 6-inch disk. Place 2 tablespoons of the filling in the middle, gather up the edges in the center, and pinch to seal. Press down to flatten; roll back out into a 6-inch disk. Roll disk into a log about 12 inches long. Cut in half and stretch each piece out to make it a little longer. Roll in both ends towards the center, creating an 'S' shape. Fold 1 spiral over the other and flatten with your palm. Roll out slightly; transfer to the prepared baking sheet.
Repeat step 6 with remaining dough and filling, making 16 hand pies in total. Keep finished pies loosely covered so they rise slightly while you finish the rest.
Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, about 18 minutes.

Submitter: 
Aphrodite
Description: 
Tahini, sugar, and cinnamon are a perfect combination, but the orange zest makes these Cypriot tahini pies irresistible! The addition of sesame seeds makes the pies crunchy, but they are optional. This is a hand pie with layers of dough and sweet filling that melts in your mouth and is my personal favorite.

 See recipe's video on my Youtube channel
.
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Orange Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h 15 m
Ready in:
2 h 18 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
316 calories
12.1
g fat
46.9
g carbohydrates
7.3
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
169
mg sodium.
