URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262957/brazilian-brigadeiro-filled-chocolate-easter-egg/
Title:
Brazilian Brigadeiro-Filled Chocolate Easter Egg Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5192686.jpg
Ingredients:
Brigadeiro Filling:
2 (14 ounce) cans sweetened condensed milk
6 tablespoons cocoa powder
2 tablespoons unsalted butter
1/2 cup 35% heavy whipping cream, or more as needed
Chocolate Eggs:
3 (7 ounce) bars good-quality milk chocolate, chopped
2 large (1-pound) plastic Easter egg molds
1/2 cup chocolate sprinkles

Directions:
Combine condensed milk, cocoa powder, and butter in a pot. Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring constantly, and cook until mixture begins to pull away from the sides and bottom of the pan. Remove from heat and stir in cream. Beat well with a whisk until smooth. Add more cream, 1 tablespoon at a time, if the filling is too firm.
Place milk chocolate in top of a double boiler over simmering water. Stir frequently, scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula to avoid scorching, until chocolate is about 80% melted, about 5 minutes.
Pour chocolate onto a clean, smooth surface, ideally marble or granite, and use a knife or spatula to spread and temper. Test the temperature of the chocolate by bringing a chocolate-dipped toothpick to your lips; the chocolate must feel cold on the lips. Continue cooling and testing if it's too hot. Transfer tempered chocolate to a bowl.
Spread 1 layer of chocolate evenly in the Easter egg mold halves and refrigerate for 10 minutes. Remove from the refrigerator and add another layer of chocolate to each egg half. Fill chocolate eggs with brigadeiro filling almost up to the edges. Seal filling with another layer of melted chocolate, making sure the filling is completely covered with chocolate and nothing can leak out. Chill until firm and set, about 20 minutes.
Unmold chocolate eggs one at a time by placing them upside down on a clean surface. Spread a thin layer of melted chocolate on the outside and cover with chocolate sprinkles.

Submitter: 
Rita
Description: 
For anyone who loves the popular Brazilian chocolate brigadeiro, this is a great recipe! Chocolate eggs are filled with soft brigadeiro and covered with chocolate sprinkles.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Latin American
South American
Brazilian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
852 calories
41.7
g fat
108.5
g carbohydrates
14.7
g protein
78
mg cholesterol
191
mg sodium.
