URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262910/easy-instant-pot-vegan-low-carb-spaghetti-squash-with-mushroom-ragu/
Title:
Easy Instant Pot® Vegan Low-Carb Spaghetti Squash with Mushroom Ragu  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5170389.jpg
Ingredients:
Spaghetti squash:
1 (3 pound) spaghetti squash, halved and seeded
1 cup vegetable broth
1 sprig fresh rosemary
1/2 tablespoon salt
Ragu:
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 onion, chopped
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 cup chopped button mushrooms
1 (28 ounce) can no-salt-added whole tomatoes, undrained and chopped
1 tablespoon salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/2 teaspoon dried sage
3 bay leaves
1/2 teaspoon basil

Directions:
Combine spaghetti squash, vegetable broth, rosemary, and salt in a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)). Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 7 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove lid. Remove spaghetti squash and cool until easily handled. Scrape insides of squash into spaghetti strands with a fork.
Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat; stir in onion and garlic. Cook and stir until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 4 minutes. Add mushrooms; cook until tender, about 3 minutes. Pour in peeled tomatoes and season with salt, black pepper, sage, and bay leaves. Cook over medium-high heat and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer, covered, about 20 minutes. Remove bay leaves and stir in basil. Serve over spaghetti squash.

Submitter: 
Fioa
Description: 
Try this tasty and deeply flavorful vegan mushroom ragu and low-carb spaghetti squash, so simple and very easy in your Instant Pot®.
Categories:
Fruits and Vegetables
Vegetables
Squash
Winter Squash
Spaghetti Squash

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
227 calories
9.2
g fat
37
g carbohydrates
5.2
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
2812
mg sodium.
