URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262947/swiss-almond-carrot-cake-aargauer-rueblitorte/
Title:
Swiss Almond Carrot Cake (Aargauer Rueblitorte) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5181435.jpg
Ingredients:
1 teaspoon butter
4 eggs, separated
1 cup white sugar
2 1/4 cups peeled and grated carrots
2 1/4 cups ground almonds
1 lemon, zested and juiced
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 pinch salt
Decoration:
5 ounces marzipan
1 drop green gel food coloring, or as needed
1 drop orange gel food coloring, or as needed
1 cup confectioners' sugar
1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, or more to taste

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9-inch springform pan.
Beat egg yolks and sugar together in a large bowl with an electric mixer until fluffy. Beat in carrots, almonds, lemon juice, and lemon zest.
Mix flour, baking powder, and salt together in a bowl and add to the batter. Stir well to combine.
Beat egg whites in a glass, metal, or ceramic bowl until stiff peaks form. Fold into the cake batter with a spatula. Pour batter into the prepared springform pan.
Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 40 to 50 minutes. Cool on a wire rack for 5 minutes. Run a table knife around the edges to loosen. Remove carefully and place on a serving plate or cooling rack. Let cool, about 30 minutes.
Knead marzipan until soft and pliable. Pinch off 1/5 and add a little green food coloring using a toothpick. Knead until marzipan is uniformly green. Color the remaining marzipan orange using the same method. Shape orange marzipan into 12 little carrots and make tiny indentations on top with a paring knife. Shape the green marzipan into little leaves. Stick 2 leaves to the top of each carrot with a little water.
Combine confectioners' sugar and enough lemon juice to make a thick icing. Coat cake with the icing. Place marzipan carrots on top around the edges in such a way that each piece of cake has a marzipan carrot. Let icing dry before slicing and serving.

Submitter: 
Lena
Description: 
This dairy-free carrot cake is a classic Swiss cake that is traditionally decorated with marzipan carrots, but you can of course omit them.
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
Swiss

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
439 calories
21.3
g fat
56.6
g carbohydrates
11.4
g protein
75
mg cholesterol
119
mg sodium.
