URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262960/rainbow-trout-with-buttery-lemon-caper-cream-sauce/
Title:
Rainbow Trout with Buttery Lemon-Caper Cream Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1953329.jpg
Ingredients:
cooking spray
1 lemon, zested and halved
3 (4 ounce) fillets rainbow trout
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 tablespoons butter
2 tablespoons Dijon mustard
1 pinch dried marjoram
1 pinch dried tarragon
1 1/2 tablespoons sour cream
2 teaspoons capers
1 pinch dried parsley flakes, or to taste (optional)

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a baking dish with aluminum foil and spray with cooking spray.
Juice 1/2 the lemon and cut the other half into 6 thin slices. Place slices in 3 columns of 2 into the prepared baking dish.
Season trout with salt and pepper. Place each fillet, skin-side down, over 2 of the lemon slices in the baking dish.
Bake in the preheated oven until trout flakes easily with a fork, about 15 minutes.
Melt butter in a small saucepan over medium-high heat. Add Dijon mustard; stir. Add the lemon juice, marjoram, and tarragon. Cook and stir until flavors meld, about 2 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low. Add sour cream and capers. Stir until sauce is smooth but capers are not yet cooked through, about 2 minutes more. Reduce heat to low and let sauce sit until trout is baked.
Place each piece of trout on a plate and garnish with the lemon slices. Pour sauce evenly on top. Sprinkle lemon zest and parsley over the sauce.

Submitter: 
scorpionc
Description: 
I'm an amateur cook who likes to experiment. I made this rainbow trout recipe up along with my 12-year-old son who is finding his own love for cooking. It's special to me because we did that, together, in our kitchen: father and son time. I serve it on sauteed spinach and potatoes. It is my very own recipe.
Categories:
Seafood
Fish

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
238 calories
14.6
g fat
7
g carbohydrates
21.3
g protein
85
mg cholesterol
469
mg sodium.
