URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262941/papa-wolfs-grilled-lamb-shoulder-chops/
Title:
Papa Wolf's Grilled Lamb Shoulder Chops Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/875640.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups peach juice
3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce
2 tablespoons olive oil
2 tablespoons mint sauce
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1 tablespoon lemon juice
1 tablespoon Italian seasoning
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin
2 teaspoons sea salt
2 onions, chopped
4 cloves garlic, finely chopped
4 (3 ounce) 1-inch thick lamb shoulder chops
1 teaspoon butter, or as needed

Directions:
Mix peach juice, Worcestershire sauce, olive oil, mint sauce, soy sauce, and lemon juice together in a large bowl. Mix Italian seasoning, cumin, and salt together in a separate bowl. Stir seasoning mixture gradually into the peach juice mixture; whisk well. Add onions and garlic to the marinade; mix well.
Place lamb chops in a large resealable plastic bag and add the marinade. Toss gently to fully coat the lamb chops. Place in refrigerator and marinate at least 2 hours.
Remove lamb and onions from the marinade. Wrap onions in a lightly buttered sheet of aluminum foil. Pour remaining marinade into a pot.
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate. Place the foil-wrapped onions on the upper grill while preheating.
Place lamb on the grill and baste with the marinade. Turn onions over and close the lid. Grill, turning the lamb once and basting again, until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the lamb reads at least 130 degrees F (54 degrees C), about 5 1/2 minutes per side.
Bring the pot of marinade to a boil. Simmer until heated through, about 5 minutes. Spoon on top of the lamb chops.

Submitter: 
Shipwreck
Description: 
My first try at cooking lamb shoulder chops. A friend served lamb at a party and the meat was tender and juicy, but the taste was gamy and bitter. I put together this recipe to see if I could improve the taste and very pleasantly surprised myself. 
If you've tried lamb and didn't like the taste, as I did, try this recipe. I love it and think you will too. 
I served this with my Bacon Caesar Roasted Potatoes (you can find the recipe in my recipe box here).
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Lamb
Chops

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
2 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
327 calories
12.9
g fat
37.9
g carbohydrates
16.4
g protein
49
mg cholesterol
1290
mg sodium.
