URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/262965/copycat-chicken-and-gnocchi-soup/
Title:
Copycat Chicken and Gnocchi Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/5347016.jpg
Ingredients:
5  bone-in chicken thighs, or more to taste
4 cups finely chopped carrots
3 cups half-and-half
3 cups chicken stock
3 cups water
4 cloves garlic, minced, or more to taste
2 cubes chicken bouillon (such as Knorr(<sup>&reg;</sup>))
2 (16 ounce) packages potato gnocchi, or more to taste
1 (12 ounce) package Parmesan cheese, cut into chunks, or more to taste
1 stalk celery, finely chopped, or more to taste (optional)
3 cups finely chopped baby spinach

Directions:
Place chicken in a pressure cooker. Close cooker securely and place pressure regulator over vent according to manufacturer's instructions. Heat until steam escapes in a steady flow and makes a whistling sound, 5 to 10 minutes. Adjust temperature until regulator is gently rocking. Cook for 15 minutes.
Let pressure release naturally according to manufacturer's instructions, 5 to 10 minutes. Unlock lid and remove.
Remove skin and bones from the chicken; chop meat into bite-sized chunks. Transfer to a large pot. Add carrots, half-and-half, stock, water, garlic, and bouillon cubes. Bring to a boil, stirring frequently. Add gnocchi and Parmesan cheese. Reduce heat to medium heat. Let simmer, stirring frequently, until flavors combine, about 5 minutes. Stir in spinach; cook until wilted, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat immediately.

Submitter: 
sucherwoman1
Description: 
After 8 or 9 attempts at nailing the famous Italian-American restaurant version, I came out with this copycat version and I like it even more than theirs! Extremely hearty and tasty, this chicken and gnocchi soup will be a crowd pleaser! Best served with garlic bread sticks; you will come back for more!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
2 Ratings
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
55 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
813 calories
50.7
g fat
44.1
g carbohydrates
45.5
g protein
177
mg cholesterol
1870
mg sodium.
