URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263054/chicken-ramen-bowl/
Title:
Chicken Ramen Bowl Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6398880.jpg
Ingredients:
1 medium onion, thinly sliced
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger
1/2 cup rice vinegar, or to taste
1/2 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce
2 tablespoons oyster sauce
2 tablespoons mirin
1 tablespoon fish sauce
1 tablespoon sriracha sauce
4 cups low-sodium chicken broth
1 cup water
1 cooked chicken breasts, shredded
3/4 pound baby bok choy, quartered lengthwise
3 (3 ounce) packages dried ramen noodles
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
4 eggs
1 jalapeno pepper, sliced, or to taste
2 green onions, chopped, or to taste
1/4 cup chopped cilantro, or to taste

Directions:
Heat a Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add onion and saute until starting to soften, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and ginger; cook about 30 seconds more. Add rice vinegar, soy sauce, oyster sauce, mirin, fish sauce, and sriracha sauce; stir to combine. Add chicken broth and water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer about 5 minutes. Add chicken and bok choy; simmer gently until bok choy is just tender, about 2 minutes.
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil. Add ramen noodles and return to a boil. Cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until noodles are tender yet firm to the bite, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain and drizzle with vegetable oil to prevent sticking.
While ramen is cooking, fill a pot with enough water to cover the eggs and bring to a boil. Gently lower eggs into the boiling water and cook until yolks are barely set, about 7 minutes.
Fill a large bowl with ice water. Transfer soft boiled eggs to the ice bath to stop the cooking process; let sit about 3 minutes. Drain eggs, carefully peel away shells, and slice in half.
Divide ramen between 4 bowls. Add broth. Top each with jalapeno, green onions, cilantro, and soft boiled egg. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Tonja Engen
Description: 
The holiday hoopla is over and I'm setting my sights on eating whole. Ramen has been all the rage and I've been dying to try this at home. I never skimp on flavor even when I'm eating light. This dish is a total flavor bomb, filled with a rich broth, tender meat, and noodles, topped with a 7-minute egg – my new favorite thing in the world. My family went nuts for this; it's complex, easy, and satisfying. You don't have to make the egg, but I think it's so worth it.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Noodle Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.63157892227173
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
268 calories
11.7
g fat
18.9
g carbohydrates
21
g protein
208
mg cholesterol
2032
mg sodium.
