URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263065/dukkah-chicken-cutlets-and-eggs/
Title:
Dukkah Chicken Cutlets and Eggs Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F5292670.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 tablespoon sherry vinegar
1 ½ teaspoons orange zest
1 teaspoon honey
⅛ teaspoon salt
⅛ teaspoon ground black pepper
½ cup all-purpose flour
¼ cup dukkah
½ teaspoon cayenne pepper
6  eggs, divided
2 tablespoons water
2 (8 ounce) skinless, boneless chicken breasts
¼ teaspoon salt
4 tablespoons olive oil
½ teaspoon dukkah
1 pinch salt, or more to taste
6 cups mixed greens

Directions:
To make the orange-honey vinaigrette, put oil, vinegar, zest, honey, salt, and black pepper in a small screw-top jar. Cover and shake well.
Stir together flour, 1/4 cup dukkah, and cayenne in a shallow dish. Beat together 2 eggs with water in another shallow dish.
Cut each chicken breast crosswise into 2 equal pieces. Pound each piece between 2 sheets of plastic wrap to 1/4- inch thickness with the flat side of a meat mallet. Sprinkle chicken with 1/4 teaspoon salt. Dip each piece in egg mixture, then dredge in flour mixture to coat.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add chicken; cook, turning once, until no longer pink, 4 to 6 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Wipe out skillet.
Crack remaining 4 eggs into the skillet. Sprinkle with 1/2 teaspoon dukkah and 1 pinch salt. Reduce heat to low. Cook until whites are completely set and yolks start to thicken, 3 to 4 minutes.
Arrange greens on a serving platter; drizzle vinaigrette on top. Top with chicken and eggs.

Submitter: 
Juliana Hale
Description: 
Dukkah is an Egyptian condiment made of toasted nuts and seeds. It usually contains roasted hazelnuts or chickpeas as the foundation, and is seasoned with coriander and cumin. Add dukkah to chicken and eggs for a hint of crunch and smoky, nutty flavor.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
30 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
486 calories
34.5
g fat
18.9
g carbohydrates
35.5
g protein
338
mg cholesterol
478
mg sodium.
