URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263052/restaurant-style-shoyu-miso-ramen/
Title:
Restaurant-Style Shoyu Miso Ramen Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5189525.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 cup dried black fungus
2 cups mirin
1 1/4 cups soy sauce, divided
1/2 cup brown sugar
6 green onion bulbs, chopped, divided
1/2 onion, coarsely chopped
6 cloves garlic, peeled
2 pounds skin-on, boneless pork belly
butcher's twine
4 eggs
2 tablespoons brown sugar
1/2 cup miso paste
4 (3 ounce) packages ramen noodles, or to taste
4 sheets nori (dry seaweed), quartered
1 naruto (fish paste stick with a red spiral pattern). sliced

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F (135 degrees C).
Place black fungus in a large bowl and fill with water.
Combine mirin, 1/2 cup soy sauce, 1/2 cup brown sugar, 3 green onion bulbs, chopped onion, and garlic in an oven-safe pot over high heat. Bring to a boil.
Place pork belly skin-side down on a flat work surface. Roll up lengthwise and wrap with butcher's twine. Place pork belly in the pot with the mirin mixture and partially cover with a lid.
Bake in the preheated oven until pork is tender and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center reads at least 145 degrees F (63 degrees C), about 4 hours.
Bring a separate pot of water to a boil over high heat. Gently place eggs in the pot and cook until yolks are barely set, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer eggs to a bowl filled with ice water. Let sit, about 1 minute. Remove from water and peel eggs.
Place eggs in a container with 1 cup water, 1/2 cup soy sauce, and 2 tablespoons brown sugar. Dampen a paper towel in the mixture and use it to cover the container. Refrigerate 4 hours to overnight.
Drain the fungus and add to the liquid in the pot with the pork belly. Cover with a lid and refrigerate, 4 hours to overnight.
Skim fungus from the top of the pork belly mixture and place in a pot with 8 cups water; fungus should be covered in pork belly fat. Add 1/4 cup soy sauce and miso paste. Bring to a boil.
Remove skin from the pork belly using a knife. Chop the meat into pieces of desired thickness. Cut eggs in half lengthwise.
Bring a separate pot of water to a boil. Cook ramen in boiling water, stirring occasionally, until noodles are tender, yet firm to the bite, about 3 minutes. Drain.
Place 4 slices of nori diagonally in the corner of each bowl. Place noodles on top; arrange 2 egg halves and a few pork belly slices in separate corners. Cover with black fungus, top with green onions, and pour in broth. Top each bowl with a few slices of naruto. Let sit, about 3 minutes, before serving.

Submitter: 
Maya Papaya Zimmerman
Description: 
Inspired by the shoyu ramen at my favorite ramen restaurant, this is my ideal ramen. If you want to make it pescatarian, I suggest foregoing the pork belly for bonito flakes -- just a big pinch in each bowl.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Noodle Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
8 h 48 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
1104 calories
43.5
g fat
103.1
g carbohydrates
47.1
g protein
283
mg cholesterol
7959
mg sodium.
