URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263053/japanese-shoyu-ramen-pressure-cooker/
Title:
Japanese Shoyu Ramen (Pressure Cooker) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/4533930.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (2 1/2 pound) whole chicken, cut into pieces
1 cup dried scallops
1 cup dried anchovies
¼ cup dried shrimp
¼ cup bonito flakes
1 (1 inch) piece ginger, thinly slices, divided
1 (4 inch) piece dashi kombu (dried kelp)
3 quarts water
1 cup soy sauce
½ cup mirin
½ cup sake
8  green onions
½ cup bonito flakes
¼ cup white sugar
8 cloves garlic, crushed
1 (4 inch) piece dashi kombu (dried kelp)
6 (3 ounce) packages cooked ramen noodles, or to taste

Directions:
Place chicken, scallops, anchovies, shrimp, bonito flakes, half the ginger, and kombu in an electric pressure cooker. Add water; close and lock the lid. Select the Soup setting; set timer for 90 minutes according to manufacturer's instructions. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, 10 to 40 minutes. Strain broth through a colander or fine-mesh sieve. Skim the fatty oil off the top of the broth.
Combine soy sauce, mirin, sake, green onions, bonito flakes, sugar, garlic, and kombu in a medium saucepan over high heat. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer until flavors blend, about 10 minutes. Strain tare sauce through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl.
Pour 2 tablespoons of tare sauce into a large bowl. Ladle in about 2 cups of broth. Add 1/6 of the ramen noodles. Repeat with remaining tare, broth, and ramen.

Submitter: 
Ice or Rice
Description: 
This clear broth seasoned with soy sauce seems very simplistic, but it belies the intense umami flavor within the soup. We use chicken and 4 types of dried seafood to create an incredibly savory broth that is seasoned with a soy sauce tare that gives the broth a bit of sweetness and wonderful complexity. The best thing about this recipe is that we use a pressure cooker that not only helps extract all the flavor very quickly but also creates a beautifully clear broth.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
2 hrs 15 mins
Number of servings: 
10 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
686 calories
39.5
g fat
30.8
g carbohydrates
41.5
g protein
188
mg cholesterol
3531
mg sodium.
