URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263044/spinach-and-ricotta-lasagna-rolls/
Title:
Spinach and Ricotta Lasagna Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5193701.jpg
Ingredients:
Pasta Dough:
2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
3 eggs
1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil
1/2 teaspoon salt
Filling:
1 bunch fresh spinach
2 tablespoons water
2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese
1 tablespoon unsalted butter
1 clove garlic, crushed
1 (7 ounce) container ricotta cheese
1 teaspoon ground nutmeg
salt and ground black pepper to taste
Sauce:
3 1/2 tablespoons butter
6 fresh sage leaves
3 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Place flour on a work surface and make a well in the center. Add eggs, olive oil, and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Beat eggs using a fork, progressively incorporating the surrounding flour to make a sticky dough. Grease your hands with some oil and knead dough for 10 minutes into a smooth and soft ball. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes.
Combine spinach and water in a skillet over medium heat and cook until spinach is wilted, about 5 minutes. Drain spinach in a sieve and squeeze out as much liquid as possible. Return spinach to the skillet. Add Parmesan cheese, 1 tablespoon butter, and garlic; cook for 3 to 5 minutes. Discard garlic and allow spinach to cool.
Chop cooled spinach and combine with ricotta, nutmeg, salt, and pepper.
Roll out pasta dough on a clean work surface into a very thin rectangle. Spread spinach filling on top, leaving a 1/2-inch border on all 4 sides. Roll up dough from the long side and seal well on the edges so filling won't leak out.
Soak a large piece of parchment paper in water and squeeze out well. Wrap lasagna roll with the damp parchment paper and tie up the ends like a piece of candy.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook lasagna roll in the boiling water for about 12 minutes. Drain. Discard parchment paper and let cool slightly. Slice the roll into 1/2-inch pieces and place in a casserole dish.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Melt 3 1/2 tablespoons butter in a skillet over medium heat until it starts to foam. Add sage leaves and coat with butter. Cook for 1 minute; remove sage leaves. Drizzle butter over lasagna roll pieces in the casserole dish and sprinkle with Parmesan cheese.
Bake in the preheated oven until golden, about 10 minutes.

Submitter: 
MariaGiovene
Description: 
These lasagna rolls with ricotta and spinach are a tasty alternative to homemade lasagna. If you can find some fresh pasta dough, they won't require much work. [Recipe originally submitted to Allrecipes.it]
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
Italian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
412 calories
19.2
g fat
44.3
g carbohydrates
15.6
g protein
130
mg cholesterol
453
mg sodium.
