URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263056/fresh-ramen-egg-noodles-from-scratch/
Title:
Fresh Ramen Egg Noodles From Scratch Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4477333.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup unbleached all-purpose flour
1/2 cup semolina flour
1/4 teaspoon fine sea salt
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
1 egg, beaten
1 tablespoon sesame oil
1/2 cup water, or as needed

Directions:
Place all-purpose flour, semolina flour, sea salt, and garlic powder in a food processor. Pulse to blend well. Reduce speed to low. Add egg and sesame oil through the feeder.
Increase speed to high. Add 1 tablespoon water, reduce speed to low, and blend. Set speed back to high; continue adding water 1 tablespoon at a time and blending on low until dough forms into a ball. Stop adding water immediately and allow blades knead the dough, about 3 minutes.
Turn dough out onto your work surface and dust lightly with flour. Knead by hand until no longer sticky. Let dough rest in a small bowl, 20 to 25 minutes.
Run dough through a pasta machine (such as Marcato Atlas brand) starting on the thickest setting. Turn dial to a narrower setting of 7 or 8 or according to manufacturer's instructions; roll until dough reaches desired thinness. Pass dough through a spaghetti attachment onto a rack or lightly floured board. Let noodles dry, at least 10 minutes.

Submitter: 
Girly Hobbies
Description: 
You will need a food processor with the standard S blade and a pasta machine roller with a spaghetti attachment for this recipe. This ramen noodle takes your traditional hour or so of hand kneading down to minutes. I have made this for a quick breakfast many days and my family loves it. It's not the traditional ramen noodle because it has uses an egg, but it tastes Asian with the sesame seed oil. You may be like my family and like this recipe even better.
Categories:
Main Dish
Pasta

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
calories
fat
carbohydrates
protein
cholesterol
sodium.
