URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263057/marbled-chocolate-eggs/?src=VD_Summary
Title:
Marbled Chocolate Eggs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5208168.jpg
Ingredients:
18 ounces good-quality milk chocolate, chopped
4 ounces white chocolate, chopped
egg-shaped plastic mold(s)

Directions:
Place 3/4 of the milk chocolate in top of a double boiler over simmering water. Stir frequently, scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula to avoid scorching, until chocolate is melted and has a temperature of 113 degrees F (45 degrees C), about 5 minutes. Remove from heat.
Stir in the remaining milk chocolate to temper it. Stir well until smooth and chocolate has a temperature of 86 degrees F (30 degrees C).
While the chocolate is cooling slightly, place the white chocolate in top of a double boiler over simmering water. Stir frequently until melted, 3 to 5 minutes. Be careful not to burn the white chocolate, but it does not need to be tempered like the milk chocolate.
Drizzle the melted white chocolate into the egg molds using a spoon, in whatever pattern you like. Place the molds in the refrigerator for 5 minutes.
Drizzle some of the melted milk chocolate over the white chocolate. Brush evenly over the entire surface of the mold with a pastry brush. Refrigerate for 10 minutes. Remove from the refrigerator and add another layer of chocolate to each egg half. Chill for 10 minutes. Brush a third time with chocolate and chill for a final 10 minutes.
Unmold egg halves carefully and trim the edges with a sharp knife. Brush the edges with a little melted chocolate, then carefully bring two halves together to form a single egg. Set back in the mold carefully and chill until set, 10 to 15 minutes.

Submitter: 
liz
Description: 
Use white chocolate to create a stunning marbled effect on these homemade chocolate Easter eggs. You could even use 3 different types of chocolate - plain, milk chocolate, and white - to create a tri-color effect! This recipe makes 2 or 3 large eggs or several smaller eggs, depending on your egg mold size. If you like, fill your chocolate eggs with smaller chocolate eggs or the candy of choice.
Categories:
Desserts
Chocolate
White Chocolate

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
275 calories
15.5
g fat
30.5
g carbohydrates
3.8
g protein
12
mg cholesterol
42
mg sodium.
