URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263159/beef-barbacoa-barbacoa-de-res/
Title:
Beef Barbacoa (Barbacoa de Res) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5225493.jpg
Ingredients:
Pulled Beef:
3 1/2 pounds beef brisket
1 white onion, halved
3 cloves garlic
3 bay leaves
salt to taste
water to cover
Sauce:
6 small guajillo chile peppers, seeded and deveined
2 small ancho chile peppers, seeded and deveined
3 tablespoons white vinegar
2 cloves garlic
4 whole cloves
3 whole allspice berries
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/4 teaspoon dried oregano
1/4 teaspoon dried thyme
1/4 teaspoon cumin seeds
1/4 teaspoon ground ginger
1 pinch ground cinnamon
salt to taste

Directions:
Place brisket in a stovetop pressure cooker. Add onion, garlic, bay leaves, and salt; cover with water. Close cooker securely and place pressure regulator over vent according to manufacturer's instructions. Heat until steam escapes in a steady flow and makes a whistling sound, about 10 minutes. Adjust temperature until regulator is gently rocking. Cook for 60 minutes.
Let pressure release naturally according to manufacturer's instructions, 5 to 10 minutes. Unlock lid and remove.
Remove brisket from the pressure cooker and shred with 2 forks. Strain the cooking liquid, discarding solids. Measure 2 cups for the barbacoa sauce and save the rest for another use.
Combine guajillo chile peppers and ancho chile peppers in a saucepan. Cover with water, bring to a boil, and cook for 5 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand in the hot water until softened, about 5 minutes. Drain.
Combine softened chile peppers, vinegar, garlic, cloves, allspice, black pepper, oregano, thyme, cumin, ginger, cinnamon and reserved 2 cups cooking liquid; blend until thick and very smooth.
Pour sauce into a heavy-bottomed pot over medium heat and season with salt. Bring to a soft boil; reduce the heat to low. Stir in shredded beef, coating completely with sauce. Cover pot and cook until flavors combine, at least 30 minutes and up to 1 hour.

Submitter: 
mega2408
Description: 
Tender beef brisket in a flavorful guajillo sauce with Mexican seasonings. This is the quick pressure cooker version of the traditional recipe from Guadalajara, where the meat is slowly cooked in an underground oven. [Recipe originally submitted to Allrecipes.com.mx]
Categories:
World Cuisine
Latin American
Mexican

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
2 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
173 calories
5.4
g fat
6.4
g carbohydrates
24.2
g protein
53
mg cholesterol
1517
mg sodium.
