URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263136/instant-pot-easy-chicken-marsala/
Title:
Instant Pot&reg; Easy Chicken Marsala Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F5784221.jpg
Ingredients:
3  boneless chicken breasts, cut into strips
1 ½ teaspoons salt , divided
½ teaspoon ground black pepper, divided
3 tablespoons butter, divided
2 tablespoons olive oil, divided
2 cloves garlic, chopped
2 tablespoons minced shallots
1 cup button mushrooms, sliced
1 cup chicken broth
⅔ cup Marsala wine
¼ cup water
1 tablespoon cornstarch
½ cup heavy whipping cream
1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley

Directions:
Season chicken breasts with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot®) and select Saute function. Heat 1 tablespoon butter and 1 tablespoon olive oil; cook chicken breasts on both sides until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Remove chicken from the pot. Melt remaining 2 tablespoons butter and 1 tablespoon olive oil; add garlic and shallots; cook until softened, about 3 minutes. Stir in mushrooms and cook until tender, about 3 minutes. Pour chicken broth into the pot and bring to a boil while scraping the browned bits of food off the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon for deglazing, about 3 minutes. Return chicken to the pot and cover with Marsala wine. Close and lock the lid. Select Poultry function; set timer for 10 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 10 minutes. Release remaining pressure using the quick-release method, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Select Saute function. Dissolve cornstarch in water and stir into the pot with heavy whipping cream. Season with remaining teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper; cook until sauce has slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Serve and sprinkle with fresh parsley.

Submitter: 
Fioa
Description: 
This creamy, decadent, and low-carb chicken Marsala is so easy to make in your Instant Pot®! This keto dish is perfect for a quick and easy weeknight dinner.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 5 mins
Number of servings: 
15 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
415 calories
28.4
g fat
10.9
g carbohydrates
18.6
g protein
109
mg cholesterol
1279
mg sodium.
