URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263258/leek-and-salmon-soup/
Title:
Leek and Salmon Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4481581.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
3 leeks, white and light green parts only, thinly sliced
2 small yellow onions, thinly sliced
2 shallots, thinly sliced
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 teaspoon salt
5 cups vegetable stock, divided
2 large yellow potatoes, sliced
1 small head cauliflower, broken into small florets
2 carrots, sliced
1 cup heavy cream
1 pound skinless salmon fillet, cut into large chunks
salt and cracked black pepper to taste
1/2 (2.8 ounce) package French-fried onions, or to taste

Directions:
Heat oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add leeks, onions, and shallots. Add garlic and salt. Cook and stir until all is well wilted and soft, but not browned, about 3 minutes.
Pour 4 cups of stock into the pot; add potatoes, cauliflower, and carrots. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and cook until carrots and potatoes are soft, about 20 minutes. Insert a hand blender into the soup and blend until creamy-smooth. Add more broth if too thick; the soup should be the consistency of thick bisque.
Stir cream into the soup; cook until heated through but not boiling. Add salmon; cook and stir until it flakes apart, 5 to 6 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Pour into bowls and sprinkle onions on top.

Submitter: 
Allyson
Description: 
This is a soup that beautifully disguises the amount of veggies. My kids adore it. This is also the only way they will happily eat salmon. It's so tender and blends in so well with the leeks and veggies that they are happy when this turns up every 2 weeks or so. Serve with crusty bread to sop up the remains.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Vegetable Soup
Cauliflower

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
425 calories
25.8
g fat
31.1
g carbohydrates
18.7
g protein
87
mg cholesterol
782
mg sodium.
