URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263245/honey-mustard-salmon-fillet-with-white-wine-sauce/
Title:
Honey-Mustard Salmon Fillet with White Wine Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/942694.jpg
Ingredients:
2 pounds salmon fillets
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper
4 tablespoons butter, divided
4 tablespoons honey mustard
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar
1 tablespoon dried parsley
1 tablespoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon liquid smoke flavoring
1 lemon, sliced
2 cups white wine
1 teaspoon cornstarch

Directions:
Set an oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler.
Place salmon fillets in an oven-safe dish. Sprinkle with salt and pepper.
Melt 2 tablespoons  butter in a microwave-safe bowl. Whisk in honey mustard, vegetable oil, Worcestershire sauce, minced garlic, balsamic vinegar, parsley, garlic powder, and liquid smoke. Spoon enough sauce onto the salmon to cover it well; brush sauce around with a basting brush. Top fish with 1/2 the lemon slices.
Broil in the preheated oven until fish flakes easily with a fork, about 10 minutes.
Melt remaining butter in a small saucepan. Add the remaining salmon glaze and whisk to combine. Add white wine; whisk and reduce by 1/4. Stir in cornstarch; stir until no lumps remain and sauce begins to thicken.
Plate the salmon and drizzle the white wine sauce on top.

Submitter: 
Don
Description: 
I used a similar recipe to this as a base for my first time cooking salmon. I added some extras to the honey-mustard sauce and thought of making the white wine sauce while the salmon was cooking. My wife, who hates fish, not only loved it, but asked me to make it again the next day. Needless to say, we've found a way to bring fish into our home. Green beans and wild rice is a great side for this salmon. Serve with lemon wedges.
Categories:
Main Dish
Seafood
Salmon
Broiled Salmon

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
468 calories
28.4
g fat
12.5
g carbohydrates
27.3
g protein
95
mg cholesterol
591
mg sodium.
