URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263497/chicken-and-shrimp-carbonara-/
Title:
Chicken and Shrimp Carbonara  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5569302.jpg
Ingredients:
4 tablespoons olive oil, divided
1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, cut into bite-sized pieces
3 tablespoons minced garlic, divided
2 tablespoons Italian seasoning
1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined
1 (16 ounce) package linguine pasta
8 slices smoked bacon, diced
1 onion, diced
1 1/2 cups heavy whipping cream
1 1/2 cups grated Parmesan cheese
4 egg yolks
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1/4 cup Sauvignon Blanc wine

Directions:
Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a pan over medium-high heat. Cook and stir chicken with 1 tablespoon garlic and 1 tablespoon Italian seasoning, until cooked through, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer chicken to a bowl and set aside.
Heat 1 tablespoon garlic and 1 tablespoon olive oil in the same pan. Fry shrimp until red on the outside and white on the inside, 6 to 8 minutes. Place with the chicken.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil and add remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil. Cook linguine at a boil until tender yet firm to the bite, about 11 minutes. Drain.
Add bacon to the pan; cook until just crispy, not crunchy, about 6 minutes. Drain on 2 paper towels. Saute onion in the bacon grease until translucent, about 5 minutes.
While onion is sauteeing, mix cream, Parmesan cheese, egg yolks, salt, pepper, and remaining Italian seasoning together in a bowl.
Pour wine into the pan with the onions. Increase heat and bring to a boil. Cook until wine is mostly evaporated, about 2 minutes. Add the creamy egg mixture and reduce heat. Simmer until sauce begins to thicken, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the chicken and shrimp; mix to coat. Serve on top of pasta.

Submitter: 
Kitchen Commander
Description: 
My wife and I went to that popular Italian-American restaurant chain for dinner recently, and I had their shrimp and chicken carbonara. It was absolutely delicious and I thought, 'What the heck, I'll try making this at home.' I found a few recipes online, but none grabbed me. After studying several recipes, I came up with this recipe on my own. It's fairly simple to make, and my wife said it was better than the original.
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
Italian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.875
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
956 calories
54
g fat
66.3
g carbohydrates
50.7
g protein
407
mg cholesterol
918
mg sodium.
