URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263433/unicorn-poop-/
Title:
Unicorn Poop  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1073690.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup butter, softened
1/2 cup shortening
3 1/2 tablespoons cream cheese, softened
1 cup sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 egg
1/2 teaspoon almond extract
2 cups all-purpose flour
24 drops assorted food coloring, or as desired
1 tablespoon silver candy decorating dragees, or as desired (optional)

Directions:
Combine butter, shortening, and cream cheese in a large bowl. Beat using an electric mixer until smooth. Add sugar and salt; beat until combined. Beat in egg and almond extract until well mixed. Gradually add flour, blending until dough is combined.
Form dough into a ball with your hands. Stretch into a log shape and divide into 6 portions, or 1 per each color you plan to use.
Center 1 portion of dough on a large piece of plastic wrap. Poke a well into the center with your thumb. Add 3 drops of food coloring into the well; fold dough over the coloring. Seal with the plastic wrap and knead the food coloring into the dough. Add more food coloring if needed. Tint each remaining dough ball with a different color.
Chill the tinted dough in the refrigerator, about 1 hour.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease a baking sheet.
Divide each tinted dough ball into 8 equal pieces. Refrigerating the rest while you work, roll 1 piece out into a 6-inch rope over a waxed paper-lined or lightly floured surface. Repeat with the remaining dough pieces, stacking 1 rope of each color into a pile to make 8 multicolored piles.
Gently press the ropes of 1 pile together and use your hands to roll the large multicolored 'rope' until round and smooth. Lengthen to 10 or 12 inches if desired. Cut in half. Use your hands to gently twist and roll both ends of each half in different directions. Use your imagination to coil rope pieces into the shape of unicorn poop. Repeat with remaining dough.
Press silver candy dragees into the dough pieces. Place cookies on the prepared baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until cookies are set and bottoms are light brown, 8 to 10 minutes; they will not spread very far. Cool on a wire rack.

Submitter: 
BigPapaBear
Description: 
One of our favorite cookies to make, the kids love these! 

After the cookies are finished you can coat with sparkle gel and/or edible glitter to give them some sparkle and add some sprinkles to the still-wet gel for more texture. Let cookies dry completely before stacking.
Categories:
Desserts
Cookies

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
2 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
232 calories
13.8
g fat
25.3
g carbohydrates
2.3
g protein
30
mg cholesterol
140
mg sodium.
