URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263421/persian-tahdig-rice/
Title:
Persian Tahdig Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 teaspoon saffron threads
1/2 teaspoon white sugar (optional)
4 tablespoons boiling water
2 cups basmati rice
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoons butter, or more to taste

Directions:
Grind saffron threads with sugar in a mortar and pestle. Transfer to a bowl and dissolve in boiling water. Set aside to soak.
Wash starch from the rice by rinsing it in a nonstick 4-quart pot. Rinse 3 or 4 times in lukewarm water until water runs clear. Fill the pot 3/4 full with cold water, covering the rice. Bring to a boil. Add olive oil and cook until rice is soft on the outside and still crunchy in the middle, 10 to 15 minutes.
Drain rice and rinse with cool water. Set aside. Rinse any excess rice starch out of the pot.
Melt butter in the clean, dry pot. Mound rice over the butter; add enough water to reach 1/3 of the height of the rice. Sprinkle salt over the rice. Wrap the lid with a kitchen towel and cover the pot to seal tightly. Simmer over medium heat until all water is absorbed and a crispy crust starts to form on the bottom, about 10 minutes.
Fluff the rice with a fork while turning it out on a plate. Measure 1 cup rice and mix with the saffron water. Scatter saffron rice over plain rice. Detach the layer of crust, or 'tahdig', from the bottom of the pot and serve in a separate dish as a special treat.

Submitter: 
velvetmonster
Description: 
Persian rice is made differently from the standard way I learned how to make rice. It is boiled in plenty of water, drained, then steamed and crisped with butter and a little more water. The plentiful water takes the starchy flavor out of the rice, and if you are lucky, you will get some nice crispy rice on the bottom, which is a little sweet. It takes a little longer to cook to get the tahdig, so I don't always bother.
Categories:
Side Dish
Rice
Pilaf

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
276 calories
6.9
g fat
49.4
g carbohydrates
4.8
g protein
10
mg cholesterol
415
mg sodium.
