URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263432/magical-unicorn-poop-meringues/
Title:
Magical Unicorn Poop Meringues Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5142338.jpg
Ingredients:
3 egg whites, at room temperature
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar
3/4 cup white sugar
6 drops pink food coloring, or as needed
6 drops blue food coloring, or as needed
6 drops purple food coloring, or as needed
1 1/2 teaspoons edible rainbow glitter, or as needed

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 215 degrees F (102 degrees C). Cover 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.
Beat egg whites, vanilla extract, and cream of tartar in a glass, metal, or ceramic bowl with an electric mixer on high speed until soft peaks form. Gradually add sugar, continuing to beat until stiff peaks form. Test the mixture between 2 fingers to make sure all of the sugar has dissolved. If still gritty, continue to beat until smooth.
Spoon egg white mixture into a piping bag. Drop in food coloring, spacing the 3 colors evenly apart and pushing them down the sides of the bag with a butter knife.
Pipe mixture onto the prepared baking sheets into 1 1/2-inch 'poop'-shaped spirals. Space them close together, as the spirals will not expand. Add more color to the piping bag if meringues start to look too pale. Sprinkle edible glitter over meringues.
Bake in the preheated oven until dry and set, about 2 hours.

Submitter: 
sSwirlGirl
Description: 
This spin on classic meringues is fun and tasty! I have even turned off the heat and let them continue to sit in the oven overnight. They are not so much baking as they are drying out the moisture. Although humidity can affect them, I have made them on many a wet day day here in rainy Oregon. I hope you enjoy them!
Categories:
Desserts
Cookies
Meringue Cookies

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
40 calories
0
g fat
9.5
g carbohydrates
0.7
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
10
mg sodium.
