URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263422/holy-guacamole-soup-with-grilled-lemon-jerk-chicken/
Title:
Holy Guacamole Soup with Grilled Lemon-Jerk Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/675457.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup fresh lemon juice
1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil
1 clove garlic, minced
salt and freshly cracked black pepper to taste
2 (10 ounce) skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
1 tablespoon Jamaican jerk seasoning
1 large lime, juiced
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
1 small red onion, diced, divided
3 large cloves garlic, minced
4  ripe avocados, chopped, divided
½ cup fresh squeezed orange juice
1 tablespoon chicken bouillon (such as Knorr(<sup>&reg;</sup>))
1 ½ cups hot water
2  limes, juiced
3 ears fresh sweet corn kernels
2  Roma tomatoes, chopped
1 ½ cups chopped fresh cilantro
1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese
1  jalapeno chile, chopped (optional)

Directions:
Combine lemon juice, 1 tablespoon olive oil, and 1 clove garlic in a bowl. Season marinade with salt and pepper, keeping in mind that you will also use jerk seasoning on the chicken later.
Pound chicken with the flat side of a meat mallet or a rolling pin until about 1/2 inch thick, being careful not to pierce the meat. Put chicken in a gallon-sized resealable plastic bag and add marinade. Squish bag to coat chicken; marinate in the fridge for at least 3 hours, ideally overnight for the fullest flavor.
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium heat and lightly oil the grate. Sprinkle chicken with jerk seasoning and place on grill. Grill chicken breasts until cooked through and juices run clear, about 4 minutes on each side. Brush with juice of 1 lime immediately after coming off the grill. Cool slightly and shred. Cover and keep warm.
Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large nonstick pan over medium heat until fragrant. Add onion and 3 cloves garlic. Cook until garlic is lightly browned and fragrant and onion is soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to low and add 3 avocados. Saute just until avocados are warm and edges are slightly browned. Pour in orange juice and cook for 2 minutes, stirring once. Remove from heat.
Combine hot water and chicken bouillon to make a broth. Pour into a blender. Add avocado mixture and juice of 2 limes; blend until smooth. Pour into bowls and serve with the shredded chicken, sweet corn, tomatoes, remaining avocado, cilantro, Cheddar cheese, and jalapeno.

Submitter: 
YoMama2005
Description: 
It may not be the most beautiful dish, but it is an easy and delicious avocado soup base that can be served warm, room temperature, or even cold. Pass around a plate or two of the mix-ins and let people put what they want in their individual bowl. Everyone I make this for loves this soup, even my 3 small children. Excellent for a casual summer get together, and easily doubled. Serve with tortilla chips.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
3 hrs 35 mins
Number of servings: 
3 hrs
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
851 calories
55.8
g fat
53.2
g carbohydrates
46.8
g protein
117
mg cholesterol
720
mg sodium.
