URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263514/electric-pressure-cooker-chicken-and-dumplings/
Title:
Electric Pressure Cooker Chicken and Dumplings Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5125897.jpg
Ingredients:
1 large chicken breast
1 tablespoon paprika
2 teaspoons garlic powder
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 1/2 teaspoons ground black pepper
4 cups chicken stock, divided
2 (12 ounce) packages frozen dumpling wrappers
2 cups cream of chicken soup
1 1/2 cups frozen peas and carrots (optional)
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Season chicken with paprika, garlic powder, salt, and black pepper. Combine chicken breast and 2 cups stock in an electric pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)). Close and lock the lid. Turn on the pressure cooker and select Stew function. Set timer for 25 minutes. Allow time for pressure to build, 5 to 10 minutes.
Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Transfer chicken to a cutting board. Set pressure cooker to Saute function and allow broth to come to a boil. Shred chicken meat using 2 forks.
Add frozen dumpling wrappers to the broth, stirring often to prevent sticking together. Add shredded chicken, cream of chicken soup, and remaining stock to the pressure cooker. Add salt and pepper to taste. Close and lock the lid and set pressure cooker to Stew function. Set timer for 10 minutes. Allow time for pressure to build, 5 to 10 minutes.
Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, 10 to 40 minutes. Unlock lid; stir in peas and carrots and allow to sit until warmed through, 1 to 2 minutes.

Submitter: 
Chef Tovia Gartenberg
Description: 
This delicious and comforting Southern chicken and dumplings recipe will have you coming back for more. It's simple to make and can be thrown together in no time using your Instant Pot®. If you want to add additional veggies you could. Sometimes I add peas and carrots and even broccoli. Garnish with parsley, if you like.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Chicken
Chicken Breasts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
358 calories
6.1
g fat
58
g carbohydrates
17.2
g protein
29
mg cholesterol
1727
mg sodium.
