URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263612/seafood-chicken-and-chorizo-paella/
Title:
Seafood, Chicken, and Chorizo Paella Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/5268280.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 medium zucchini, quartered and cut into 1/4-inch slices
1  shallot, minced
2 cloves garlic, minced, or more to taste
1 ½ cups long-grain white rice
1 (14 ounce) can diced tomatoes
1 cup water, or as needed
2 teaspoons chili powder
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon saffron
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 large bay leaf
1 (14 ounce) can sweet peas
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
½ pound chorizo
4  chicken thighs, cut into 1/2-inch pieces
½  red bell pepper, diced
½  green bell pepper, diced
2  serrano peppers, thinly sliced
1 small yellow onion, cut into 1-inch pieces
1 medium tomato, diced
1 pound shrimp
½ pound bay scallops
1  avocado, diced
1 bunch chopped fresh cilantro

Directions:
Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add zucchini and cook until lightly browned, about 2 minutes. Add shallot and cook until beginning to brown, about 2 minutes. Add garlic and cook until very lightly browned, about 1 minute. Add rice and toast about 1 minute. Add canned tomatoes, mix well, and cook for 1 minute. Add water, chili powder, cumin, saffron, salt, and black pepper. Mix well. Add bay leaf. Cover the saucepan and cook until rice is tender, 20 to 25 minutes.
Add 1/4 can of peas to cooked rice mixture and mix well. Partially cover saucepan to allow steam to release and set aside.
Heat oil in a large paella pan over medium heat. Add chorizo; cook and stir until browned, 5 to 7 minutes. Move cooked chorizo to the outside of the pan. Add chicken and cook until mostly cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes. While chicken is cooking, add bell peppers, serrano peppers, onion, and diced tomato. Move cooked chicken to the outside of the pan.
Add shrimp to the paella pan. Add a small amount of water if there is not enough moisture in the pan. Cook shrimp 2 minutes per side. Add scallops and cook 2 minutes more.
Reduce heat under the paella pan to medium-low. Mix all ingredients in the pan together in a triumphant manner, forming a glorious mixture. Add finished rice in a layer on top of the mixture in the paella pan. Continue cooking 2 to 4 minutes more, until all meat, chicken, and seafood have been cooked through. Add avocado and cilantro, mix together, and serve.

Submitter: 
Daniel Sarfati
Description: 
This paella can stand alone or be served with steamed clams -  and a glass of red wine should always be at hand. 

The rice takes between 15 and 25 minutes to cook.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 20 mins
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
467 calories
22.7
g fat
34.2
g carbohydrates
30.6
g protein
128
mg cholesterol
613
mg sodium.
