URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/26365/best-pennsylvania-dutch-chicken-corn-soup/
Title:
Best Pennsylvania Dutch Chicken Corn Soup Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F24063.jpg
Ingredients:
2 (3 pound) whole chickens, cut into pieces
3 quarts water
3  onions, minced
1 cup chopped celery
2 ½ tablespoons salt
1 ¼ teaspoons ground nutmeg
¼ teaspoon ground black pepper
10 ears fresh corn
3  eggs
1 cup sifted all-purpose flour
½ cup milk

Directions:
In a large pot over medium heat, combine chicken, water, onions, celery, salt, nutmeg and pepper.  Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer 2 hours, adding water as needed, until chicken is very tender.  Remove the chicken from the soup.  Refrigerate chicken and soup.
When fat solidifies on surface of soup, remove from refrigerator and remove fat.  Remaining soup should equal about 2 1/2 quarts.
Remove corn from cobs by splitting kernels lengthwise with a sharp knife and scraping corn from cob.  Combine soup and corn in a large pot over medium heat and bring to a boil.  Reduce heat and simmer until corn is tender, 10 to 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, place two of the eggs in a small saucepan and cover with cold water.  Bring to a boil and immediately remove from heat. Cover and let eggs stand in hot water for 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from hot water, cool, peel and chop. Set aside.
Chop cooled chicken meat and add to soup.
In a medium bowl, beat remaining egg until light in color.  Beat in flour and milk until smooth.  Drop batter by partial spoonfuls into hot broth to make small (1/4 -1/2 inch round) dumplings.  Cook, stirring constantly, for 2 to 5 minutes, until dumplings hold their shape and float to the surface.  Stir in reserved cooked egg.

Submitter: 
Doreen
Description: 
This is a classic favorite!  A Pennsylvania Dutch chicken corn soup - complete with rivels (for anyone who doesn't know what rivels are, they are little dumplings).  Garnish with chopped fresh parsley.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
80 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.6
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
3 hrs 30 mins
Number of servings: 
20 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
437 calories
18.7
g fat
30.6
g carbohydrates
37.5
g protein
147
mg cholesterol
1576
mg sodium.
