URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263643/vegan-veggie-pot-pie/
Title:
Vegan Veggie Pot Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5069090.jpg
Ingredients:
cooking spray
1/2 butternut squash, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch cubes
3 Yukon gold potatoes, cut into 1/2-inch cubes, or more to taste
4 tablespoons olive oil
1/2 large sweet onion, diced
3 cloves garlic, minced, or more to taste
5 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 (32 fluid ounce) container vegetable broth
2 tablespoons vegan Worcestershire sauce
1 teaspoon salt, or more to taste
1 teaspoon ground black pepper, or more to taste
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon ground thyme
3/4 cup water
1 (10 ounce) package frozen mixed vegetables
1 vegan pie crust

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Lightly grease a baking sheet with cooking spray.
Place squash and potatoes on the prepared baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Set aside.
Heat olive oil in a heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion and garlic; saute until onion is translucent, about 7 minutes. Add flour; mix thoroughly. Cook, stirring constantly to prevent burning, until a thick paste is formed, 2 to 3 minutes.
Pour broth into the onion-flour mixture. Whisk vigorously until mixture begins to thicken and comes to a boil, about 7 minutes. Add Worcestershire sauce, salt, pepper, oregano, and thyme. Pour in water; reduce heat to a simmer. Add the baked squash and potatoes; cook over medium heat until fork-tender, about 10 minutes.
Add frozen vegetables to the broth mixture. Cook until heated through, 3 to 4 minutes. Pour mixture into a large baking dish. Roll out the pie dough to fit the baking dish and lay it on top; make a few cuts in the dough to allow steam to escape.
Bake in the preheated oven until filling is bubbling and crust is browned, about 30 minutes.

Submitter: 
Sarah Stopyra
Description: 
I was craving pot pie one day, so I threw this vegan version together with what I had on hand. It came out more wonderful than I could have imagined and it's even better the second day. I am not a big fan of complicated recipes, so I tried to keep it as simple as possible. I used a bag of organic frozen veggies to cut down on the work (corn, peas, carrots, green beans).
Categories:
Main Dish
Savory Pies
Vegetarian Pie

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
305 calories
14.9
g fat
39.4
g carbohydrates
5.4
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
703
mg sodium.
