URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263661/vegan-pasilla-enchiladas-with-avocado-and-tvp/
Title:
Vegan Pasilla Enchiladas with Avocado and TVP Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1009111.jpg
Ingredients:
cooking spray
Enchilada Filling:
1 (12 ounce) bottle pasilla chile cooking sauce (such as Herdez®), divided
1 1/4 cups water
2 tablespoons liquid aminos
1 1/2 tablespoons garlic powder
1 1/2 tablespoons onion powder
1 tablespoon browning and seasoning sauce
2 cups texturized vegetable protein (TVP)
Crema:
1/2 cup unsweetened coconut creamer
1 tablespoon nutritional yeast
1 avocado
1 cup shredded mozzarella-style vegan cheese
2 tablespoons nutritional yeast
1 (12 ounce) package blue corn tortillas, warmed

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray the bottom of a baking dish with cooking spray.
Stir 3/4 cup pasilla sauce, water, aminos, garlic powder, onion powder, and browning sauce together in a microwave-safe bowl. Heat in the microwave until warmed through, about 1 minute. Pour in TVP. Stir gently and let sit until TVP has softened and absorbed all the liquid.
Pour coconut creamer in the bottle with the remaining pasilla sauce; add nutritional yeast. Cover with the lid and shake well to make the crema. Pour a few tablespoons of the crema over the bottom of the prepared baking dish; swirl the dish to coat the bottom.
Cut avocado into at least 12 slices. Stir vegan cheese and 2 tablespoons nutritional yeast in with the TVP. Spoon TVP mixture onto a warm tortilla; add 1 slice of avocado. Roll up the tortilla and arrange in the baking dish. Repeat with remaining filling and tortillas. Pour remaining crema on top. Cover loosely with aluminum foil.
Bake in the preheated oven until enchiladas are heated through, about 30 minutes.

Submitter: 
Kristen Flowers
Description: 
Vegans aren't limited to black bean or sweet potato filling in their enchiladas. Try experimenting with TVP, a really versatile ingredient. Simply dehydrated soy vegetable protein, TVP is full of plant protein and completely meat free! Using pasilla chile sauce to rehydrate the TVP rather than the standard warm water or broth kicks these enchiladas up a few notches!
Categories:
Everyday Cooking
Vegetarian
Protein
TVP

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
224 calories
6.5
g fat
23.6
g carbohydrates
20.4
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
457
mg sodium.
