URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263617/chef-johns-green-chicken-chili/
Title:
Chef John's Green Chicken Chili Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
3 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs
kosher salt to taste
1 (24 fluid ounce) bottle tomatillo-based salsa verde
½ (4 ounce) can chopped roasted green chiles
3 cloves garlic
1 large jalapeno pepper, seeded and sliced
½ cup lightly packed cilantro leaves and stems
1 tablespoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon ground chipotle pepper
½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
¾ teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon kosher salt, or more to taste
2 (15 ounce) cans white kidney beans, drained and rinsed

Directions:
Season chicken thighs with salt on both sides.
Transfer 1/2 the chicken to a dry, nonstick skillet over high heat. Cook until browned, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a bowl. Brown the rest of the chicken. Let cool to room temperature before cutting.
Combine salsa verde, green chilies, garlic, jalapeno, and cilantro in a blender. Blend, starting on low and finishing on high, until sauce is very smooth and bright green.
Cut chicken into bite-sized pieces and transfer back into the bowl. Combine chicken pieces, accumulated juices, and the green sauce into a pot. Season with cumin, chipotle pepper, black pepper, oregano, and salt.
Rinse out blender with a splash of water and pour into the pot. Mix together and set heat to medium-high. Bring to a simmer; reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer until chicken is tender, depending on size of chicken pieces, about 1 hour. Stir in kidney beans and simmer until thickened, about 15 minutes.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
Make this easier version of chili verde using chicken and a tomatillo-based green salsa instead of roasting and pureeing fresh tomatillos. Note that this is a green chili made with chicken and not a chili made with green chicken. Sorry if this disappoints anyone. You can serve it with sour cream, avocado, cilantro, and corn tortillas or corn bread.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
25 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.88
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 50 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
521 calories
23.2
g fat
31.3
g carbohydrates
43.4
g protein
128
mg cholesterol
1281
mg sodium.
