URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263618/german-strawberry-roll/
Title:
German Strawberry Roll Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5330606.jpg
Ingredients:
Cake:
4 eggs, divided
1/2 cup white sugar
2 teaspoons vanilla sugar
3 tablespoons confectioners' sugar
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
2 teaspoons white sugar
Filling:
1 cup heavy whipping cream
2 teaspoons vanilla sugar
2 cups finely chopped strawberries

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Combine egg yolks, 1/2 cup sugar, and 2 teaspoons vanilla sugar in a large bowl; beat with an electric mixer until foamy.
Beat egg whites in a glass, metal, or ceramic bowl until foamy. Gradually add confectioners' sugar, continuing to beat until stiff peaks form. Slide over the egg yolk mixture.
Sift flour and baking powder over the stiff egg whites. Carefully fold everything into the egg yolk mixture until batter is well combined, but do not over mix. Spread batter onto the prepared baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until sponge cake is set and lightly browned, 15 to 20 minutes.
Lay a clean dish towel on a flat work surface and sprinkle dish towel with 2 teaspoons sugar. Invert sponge cake onto the dish towel and remove parchment paper. Roll up cake with the dish towel and allow to cool completely, about 1 hour.
Beat cream in a chilled glass or metal bowl with an electric mixer until frothy. Add vanilla sugar gradually, continuing to beat until stiff peaks form. Fold in strawberries with a spatula.
Carefully unroll sponge cake. Spread strawberry cream on top, leaving a little room on the edges. Carefully roll up and place seam down onto a cake platter. Allow to chill in the refrigerator for 1 hour.

Submitter: 
elisabeth
Description: 
This is a classic German strawberry roll (Erdbeerrolle) recipe made with sponge cake, whipped cream, and fresh strawberries. My favorite cake when strawberries are in season! If you like, you can cover the outside with more whipped cream and decorate with extra strawberries. [Recipe originally submitted to de.allrecipes.com]
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
German

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
2 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
186 calories
10.7
g fat
20.5
g carbohydrates
3.2
g protein
98
mg cholesterol
58
mg sodium.
