URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263723/charred-vegetable-panzanella-with-olive-oil-bread/
Title:
Charred Vegetable Panzanella with Olive Oil Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5302770.jpg
Ingredients:
6 slices Nature's Own® Perfectly Crafted Multigrain Bread
1 medium zucchini, halved lengthwise
1 medium yellow squash, halved lengthwise
1 medium Japanese eggplant, halved lengthwise
1 red onion, cut into 1/2-inch-thick slices
5 tablespoons olive oil, divided
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
3 tablespoons red wine vinegar
3 cups arugula
1 pound assorted color tomatoes, cut into 1-inch pieces
1 cup finely shredded Parmesan cheese
1/2 cup coarsely chopped fresh basil
Finely shredded Parmesan cheese (optional)

Directions:
Brush bread, zucchini, squash, eggplant, and red onion with 2 tablespoons olive oil and season with salt, garlic powder, and black pepper.
Grill zucchini, yellow squash, eggplant, and red onion, covered, on grill rack, directly over medium-high heat for 6 to 8 minutes, or until tender, turning once halfway through grilling. Remove vegetables and set aside to cool slightly.
Grill bread on grill rack directly over medium-high heat for 1 to 2 minutes or until toasted and lightly charred, turning once halfway through grilling. Remove bread and set aside.
Cut grilled, cooled vegetables into 1-inch pieces. Transfer to a very large bowl. Toss with remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil and red wine vinegar. Add arugula, tomatoes, 1 cup Parmesan cheese, and basil and toss gently to combine.
Cut grilled bread into 1-inch pieces and add to vegetable mixture; toss gently to combine.
Serve immediately or let stand at room temperature for up to 30 minutes. To serve, garnish with additional Parmesan cheese, if desired.

Submitter: 
Nature's Own
Description: 
Turn multigrain bread into the star of this summer vegetable panzanella, an Italian-style bread salad featuring juicy tomatoes, grilled zucchini, eggplant, and arugula.
Categories:
Salad

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
239 calories
12.9
g fat
25.5
g carbohydrates
8.4
g protein
9
mg cholesterol
470
mg sodium.
