URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263804/thai-fried-rice/
Title:
Thai Fried Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5338890.jpg
Ingredients:
6 slices bacon, sliced crosswise into 1/2-inch pieces
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 onion, finely chopped
1 large tomato, cubed
1/2 cup chopped fresh pineapple
5 cups cooked jasmine rice, cooled
2 tablespoons ketchup
2 tablespoons light soy sauce
1 tablespoon white sugar
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper
3 eggs, beaten
Garnish:
1/2 cucumber, sliced
2 green onions, chopped
1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro
1 lime, cut into wedges
4 green Thai chile peppers

Directions:
Heat a large skillet or wok over medium heat and cook bacon until browned and crisp, about 5 minutes. Drain, reserving bacon grease in a bowl. Spoon 2 tablespoons grease back into the skillet.
Increase heat to medium-high and cook garlic until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add onion and cook, stirring often, until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in tomato and pineapple and stir-fry until warmed through, about 2 minutes.
Increase heat to high and add 1 tablespoon bacon grease. Add rice and stir-fry, breaking up with a spatula so it gets coated well with bacon grease. Cook for about 3 minutes. Season with ketchup, soy sauce, sugar, and white pepper.
Move rice mixture to one side of the skillet or wok and pour beaten eggs onto the empty side. Stir-fry until eggs are almost set, 2 to 3 minutes. Mix eggs with rice mixture. Fold in bacon bits. Serve with cucumber, green onions, cilantro, lemon wedges, and chile peppers.

Submitter: 
Toi
Description: 
This Thai fried rice is called American fried rice (Khao Pad American) in Thailand, because it uses ingredients that are considered American, like ketchup and bacon. It is very popular in Thailand and easy to make. All ingredients should be prepped in advance cause once you start frying the rice, it goes fast. If people are really hungry, you can serve a fried egg on top of the fried rice.
Categories:
Main Dish
Rice
Fried Rice

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
456 calories
10
g fat
75.9
g carbohydrates
15.9
g protein
137
mg cholesterol
694
mg sodium.
