URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263948/chocolate-mascarpone-layer-cake/
Title:
Chocolate Mascarpone Layer Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1040601.jpg
Ingredients:
1 teaspoon unsalted butter
Bottom Layer:
1 1/8 cups chopped dark chocolate
1 cup unsalted butter
1 tablespoon instant coffee
5 large eggs, separated
1/3 cup brown sugar (optional)
1 pinch salt
Second Layer:
5 tablespoons warm water
2 tablespoons cocoa powder
1 1/8 cups chopped dark chocolate
7/8 cup light cream
5 ounces mascarpone cheese
1 tablespoon white sugar
1 pinch salt
Top Layer:
1 cup chopped white chocolate
2 teaspoons gelatin powder
3 tablespoons water
7/8 cup light cream
5 ounces mascarpone cheese

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Lightly grease a springform pan with butter.
Place dark chocolate and butter in top of a double boiler over simmering water. Stir frequently, scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula to avoid scorching, until chocolate is melted, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir in coffee and let cool slightly, about 5 minutes. Whisk egg yolks into the chocolate.
Whisk egg whites, brown sugar, and salt in a separate bowl until peaks are the consistency of firm snow. Fold into the chocolate mixture. Pour into the pan and smooth the top.
Bake in the preheated oven until firm, about 20 minutes. Cool for 1 hour.
Prepare the second layer while the first layer is cooling. Mix water and cocoa powder together in a bowl. Melt dark chocolate in top of a double boiler over simmering water, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat.
Whisk cream, mascarpone cheese, sugar, and salt together in a bowl. Add cocoa powder mixture and melted chocolate. Pour over the first layer. Refrigerate until set, at least 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, prepare the top layer. Melt white chocolate in top of a double boiler over simmering water, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat.
Dissolve gelatin powder in water; let stand for 5 minutes. Heat in a double boiler until melted, 2 to 3 minutes. Mix into the melted chocolate.
Whisk cream until soft peaks form. Add mascarpone cheese and mix until smooth. Fold in the chocolate-gelatin mixture. Pour over the second layer. Refrigerate cake until firm, at least 3 hours.

Submitter: 
chinchilla
Description: 
This is probably my favorite cake recipe of all time. Light, delicious, and rich, just not so easy to make. Garnish with fresh fruit or chocolate swirls.
Categories:
Desserts
Chocolate
White Chocolate

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
1
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
5 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
652 calories
54.7
g fat
36.8
g carbohydrates
8.4
g protein
192
mg cholesterol
100
mg sodium.
