URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263938/cranberry-grapefruit-cheese-tarts-with-zesty-thyme-and-pink-peppercorn-sprinkles/
Title:
Cranberry Grapefruit Cheese Tarts with Zesty Thyme and Pink Peppercorn Sprinkles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5344502.jpg
Ingredients:
Jam:
1 cup Ocean Spray® Craisins® Dried Cranberries
1 cup finely chopped fresh grapefruit
3/4 cup Ocean Spray® 100% Ruby Red Grapefruit Juice
1 cup granulated sugar
1/2 teaspoon roughly chopped fresh thyme leaves
1/2 teaspoon coarsely ground pink peppercorns
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
For Assembling:
2 sheets frozen puff pastry, thawed
3 1/2 ounces crumbled goat cheese
Glaze:
2 ounces mascarpone cheese
1 cup powdered sugar
3 tablespoons heavy cream
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
Garnishes:
Grapefruit zest
Chopped fresh thyme leaves
Coarsely ground pink peppercorns

Directions:
In a medium saucepan over medium heat, whisk together all jam ingredients. Bring to a simmer, then reduce heat to maintain a gentle simmer. Cook for 35 to 45 minutes or until a thin jam-like consistency is reached. Jam will thicken further upon cooling. Cool completely, 20 to 25 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper. Unroll 1 sheet of puff pastry and cut along the lines to make 3 sections. Cut each section in half to form 6 rectangles. Spread cooled jam over each rectangle to about 1/2 inch from the edges. Top with goat cheese. Brush edges lightly with water.
Cut remaining sheet of puff pastry in the same manner and place one over each filled rectangle. Gently press edges down with the side of a fork, then use the tines to crimp edges. It is okay if a bit of jam seeps out, but try to avoid it if possible. Bake in preheated oven for 25 to 30 minutes or until pastry reaches a golden brown color and bottoms are no longer doughy. Cool on the baking sheet for 5 minutes, then move to a wire rack to cool completely, about 35 minutes.
Whisk together all glaze ingredients. Spread a thin layer over each pastry. Top pastries with a couple pinches each of grapefruit zest, thyme, and peppercorns.

Submitter: 
Ocean Spray
Description: 
This delicious sweet and savory dessert features Ocean Spray® Ruby Red Grapefruit Juice and Craisins® Dried Cranberries in a unique puff pastry tart, topped off with a sweet, bold grapefruit glaze and pink peppercorn 'sprinkles' for an unexpected twist. 
Recipe by 2018 Ocean Spray® Grapefruit Gourmet Recipe Contest Grand Prize Winner, Crystal Schlueter.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
2 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
894 calories
42.7
g fat
115.1
g carbohydrates
10.5
g protein
35
mg cholesterol
296
mg sodium.
