URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263962/vegan-protein-pancakes-with-apple-syrup/
Title:
Vegan Protein Pancakes with Apple Syrup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Apple Syrup:
1 apple, chopped
1/4 cup orange juice, or as needed
2 tablespoons butter
2 tablespoons granular no-calorie sucralose sweetener (such as Splenda®)
1 teaspoon ground allspice
3 pieces candied ginger, minced (optional)
Pancakes:
1/2 cup granola
1/4 cup soy milk
1/4 cup egg substitute
1/4 cup whole wheat flour
2 tablespoons applesauce
2 tablespoons slivered almonds
2 tablespoons fresh blueberries
2 tablespoons wheat germ
1 tablespoon vanilla extract
1 tablespoon granular sucralose sweetener (such as Splenda®)
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon baking powder

Directions:
Combine apple, orange juice to cover, butter, sucralose, allspice, and candied ginger in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to simmer and let the syrup cook until pancakes are ready to serve.
Mix granola, soy milk, egg substitute, flour, applesauce, almonds, blueberries, wheat germ, vanilla extract, sucralose, cinnamon, baking soda, and baking powder together in a bowl to make the batter.
Heat a nonstick griddle over medium-low heat. Spoon about 1/4 cup of the batter onto the griddle and cook until browned, about 2 minutes. Flip and cook for 1 minute more. Transfer pancake to a plate and cover to keep warm. Repeat with remaining batter. Serve with apple syrup.

Submitter: 
CourtneyLyn
Description: 
These were inspired by a secret recipe for pancakes from a breakfast restaurant. I made the 'apple syrup' because I grew tired of maple syrup. I like to change up the types of fruit and nuts in this recipe, too. Be careful if you're cooking for more than 2 people, though; I cook for just my husband and myself and this recipe only makes 8 small pancakes.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Pancakes
Whole Grain Pancakes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
131 calories
6.3
g fat
14.9
g carbohydrates
3.8
g protein
8
mg cholesterol
151
mg sodium.
