URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/264059/green-quinoa-tabbouleh/
Title:
Green Quinoa Tabbouleh Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7044331.jpg
Ingredients:
6 cups water
2 large bunches curly parsley, stemmed
1 large bunch fresh mint, stemmed
1 bunch fresh tarragon, stemmed
2 cups white quinoa
salt to taste
2 cloves garlic, or more to taste
2 lemons, halved, or more to taste
1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil
1 pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
cayenne pepper

Directions:
Bring water to a boil and prepare a bowl of iced water. Add 1/2 of the parsley, 1/2 of the mint, and 1/2 of the tarragon. Blanch herbs for 5 seconds, then scoop into the iced water. Let cool completely, about 2 minutes. Drain well and squeeze out the water.
Rinse quinoa well. Sprinkle salt into the blanching water. Add the quinoa and simmer on medium heat until just barely tender, about 12 minutes.
Meanwhile, chop the remaining herbs into small pieces.
Add garlic to the blender with the blanched herbs. Squeeze in lemon juice and add olive oil. Blend starting on low speed, pulsing on and off, and finishing on high speed, until dressing is smooth and green.
Remove quinoa from heat; place in a strainer set over a bowl and drain for 5 minutes, tossing occasionally. Transfer quinoa to a bowl. Season with salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper. Let cool until it is between warm and room temperature, 5 to 10 minutes.
Stir dressing into the quinoa. Continue cooling if salad is not yet at room temperature, 5 to 10 minutes more. Add the chopped herbs and mix to combine. Wrap bowl in plastic wrap and refrigerate until flavors meld, about 2 hours.
Taste the salad and adjust seasoning as desired. Transfer salad to a serving bowl.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
We're heading straight into grilling season, and for me, tabbouleh is one of the all-time great cold side dishes, since it pairs so perfectly with all those highly-seasoned, smoky meats. Maybe it's the size of quinoa, or the less wheaty flavor, but for me this vibrant, bracing salad is significantly better with quinoa instead of the traditional bulgur wheat. Blanching the herbs keeps this fresh and green for several days.
Categories:
Salad
Grains
Tabbouleh

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.80000019073486
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
402 calories
22.6
g fat
43.4
g carbohydrates
9.8
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
78
mg sodium.
