URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/26409024/pavo-al-vino-roasted-turkey-with-wine/
Title:
Pavo al Vino (Roasted Turkey with Wine) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/305306.jpg
Ingredients:
1 frozen turkey, 12-18 lbs or more
To season the turkey:
10-15 garlic cloves (or more)
2-3 tbsp Adobo latin seasoning, or salt/pepper
1 tbsp Poultry Seasoning
1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil
Marinade:
1 medium bottle of Welch's grape juice
1 bottle of barbecue sauce (don't get anything overly sweet)
1 bottle of dry or semisweet wine, your choice
Vegetables:
Potatoes, washed and quartered/halved if big, whole if small
Green, red and yellow peppers (or whatever you can find)
Red onions, peeled and whole if small, quartered if med/big
Carrots, peeled and cut in chunks
Tomatoes, 3-4 medium cut in chunks
Apples, Granny Smith preferred but any 'tart' apple will do. Peel them and cut them in chunks.

Directions:
Defrost turkey completely.
The night before, take out the gibblet packet and set aside. Wash the turkey with cold water, you can rinse it with a bit of lemon juice or vinegar and pat dry.
Prepare the 'rub' like this:  mash the garlic cloves with the adobo seasoning (or salt & pepper) and mix with the oil and the poultry seasoning so you get a thick paste. Carefully separate the skin of the turkey in the breast area and anywhere else that you can. Pick up some seasoning blend and stick your hand under the skin to rub it against the meat. The point is to season the turkey well.
Put the turkey inside an X-large Ziploc bag and stick in the refrigerator overnight.
Cut all of the vegetables (except potatoes and apples because they will turn dark) and put them in a bowl or ziploc bag (this is just so you don't have that much to do the next day).
In the morning, take the turkey out of the refrigerator and place it breast up in the roaster. Turn the roaster on to 325 degrees
Peel & cut the potatoes and apples, then place ALL of the cut ingredients around the turkey, putting a good selection of them inside of the cavity.
Pour the barbecue sauce on top of the turkey.
Pour the grape juice over the turkey.
Pour the whole wine bottle over the turkey.
Cover everything with heavy-duty aluminum foil and put the roaster cover on.
Every hour or so, pick up the liquid from the pan and drizzle it over the turkey.
Cook until done - use the cooking time chart or until the pop-up timer pops.
When it is time to serve, carefully scoop out the vegetables from the pan and the cavity and serve in a separate platter.
This can also be prepared in a regular oven, just use a roaster with lid. Remove the lid the last hour to brown on top.

Submitter: 
Milly Suazo-Martinez
Description: 
The best, juiciest, most tender Thanksgiving turkey you will ever have. It is my version of the turkey made by our friend David's mother. Our family calls this 'The Drunken Turkey because of the whole bottle of wine used to cook it.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
