URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/264172/rosh-hashanah-pilaf-with-beets-chard-and-beef-from-iraqi-kurdistan/
Title:
Rosh Hashanah Pilaf with Beets, Chard, and Beef from Iraqi Kurdistan Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5336180.jpg
Ingredients:
3/4 cup basmati rice
4 ounces beets, peeled and shredded
5 cloves garlic, diced
4 teaspoons white sugar, divided
1 large lemon, juiced
1 teaspoon dried dill
1 teaspoon dried tarragon
1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 pound 85% lean ground beef
1 large onion, diced
1 cup water
4 ounces beets, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch cubes
2 large bunches chard leaves, stems removed

Directions:
Wash rice repeatedly in a large bowl of water until the water runs clear. Cover rice with fresh water and soak for 1 hour.
Drain rice and mix with shredded beets, garlic, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1/2 of the lemon juice, dill, tarragon, and 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt.
Heat oil in a 6-quart stock pot over medium heat. Add beef and remaining salt. Cook and stir until beef is browned, 5 to 10 minutes. Remove browned beef from the pot with a slotted spoon, leaving the oil behind. Add onion; cook and stir until browned, 5 to 10 minutes. Add cubed beets and saute for another 5 minutes. Remove onion and beets from the pot and mix with the beef.
Combine water, remaining lemon juice, and remaining sugar in a bowl to create sweet and sour water.
Place 1 layer of chard leaves on the bottom of the pot. Add 1/2 of the rice mixture, followed by a second layer of chard leaves. Add 1/2 of the beef mixture, followed by a layer of chard leaves, and the remaining rice mixture. Add another layer of chard leaves, the remaining beef mixture, and a final topping of chard leaves. Pierce the chard leaf layers with a long and thin knife all the way to the bottom a few times so steam can escape. Pour the sweet and sour water over the top.
Bring the pilaf to a gentle simmer over medium heat. Turn the heat to very low, cover, and cook for 30 minutes.  Remove from heat and allow to rest for 15 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Lynn A.
Description: 
This is a Jewish recipe for New Year's, Rosh Hashanah, from Iraqi Kurdistan. The sweet beets contrast with the earthy chard, salty beef, and sour lemon for a wonderfully complex taste in every bite. While the rice needs to soak for 1 hour, the prep and cooking is easy for the beautiful and elaborate dish it creates.
Categories:
Main Dish

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
2 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
311 calories
12.1
g fat
33.6
g carbohydrates
19.2
g protein
50
mg cholesterol
754
mg sodium.
