URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/264227/cinco-de-mayo-tostadas/
Title:
Cinco de Mayo Tostadas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/1126320.jpg
Ingredients:
1 ½ pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into 1-inch cubes
4  limes, juiced, divided
2  chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, minced
3 tablespoons adobo sauce from chipotle peppers
2 tablespoons olive oil, divided
3 cloves garlic, sliced
salt and ground black pepper to taste
3  tomatoes, halved
2 ears corn
1  avocado, diced
1 bunch fresh cilantro, coarsely chopped, divided
4 (8 inch) whole wheat tortillas
1 cup cooked brown rice
2 cups shredded iceberg lettuce
1 cup tomatillo salsa

Directions:
Combine chicken, the juice of 3 limes, chipotle peppers, adobo sauce, 1 tablespoon olive oil, garlic, salt, and pepper in a bowl. Marinate for 20 minutes to 1 hour.
Preheat a grill pan to medium-high heat. Coat tomato halves and corn with remaining olive oil and grill until blackened in spots, about 8 minutes. Cool until easily handled, about 5 minutes. Dice tomatoes and cut kernels off the corn cobs. Transfer to a bowl; mix in avocado and 1/4 cup cilantro.
Grill chicken until no longer pink in the center, about 7 minutes.
Meanwhile, place brown rice in a bowl. Mix in remaining lime juice and cilantro. Season with salt and pepper.
Remove chicken from the grill pan. Grill tortillas until crispy on the edges, about 2 minutes per side. Place each tortilla on a serving plate. Layer brown rice, chicken, lettuce, tomato salad, and tomatillo salsa evenly over each tortilla.

Submitter: 
Jackie Harroll
Description: 
I was really in the Cinco de Mayo spirit this year. I went to an authentic Mexican restaurant and order a tostada. It was delicious and I tried to make a homemade version for my family to enjoy without the guilt. 
Buen provecho!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 10 mins
Number of servings: 
25 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
581 calories
20.4
g fat
63.5
g carbohydrates
44.5
g protein
97
mg cholesterol
879
mg sodium.
