URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/264296/lemon-and-herb-roasted-chicken-and-potatoes/
Title:
Lemon and Herb-Roasted Chicken and Potatoes Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F5202495.jpg
Ingredients:
2  boneless, skin-on chicken thighs
3 tablespoons lemon juice, divided
1 pinch sea salt and ground black pepper to taste
3 tablespoons olive oil
¼ cup low-sodium chicken broth (optional)
6 small creamer potatoes, or more to taste
2  lemon slices
1 tablespoon dried oregano
1 tablespoon dried parsley
1 tablespoon dried rosemary
1 tablespoon ground thyme
2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 clove garlic, minced
2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Rub chicken with 1 tablespoon lemon juice, sea salt, and pepper. Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) and select Saute function. Add oil and place the chicken in the pot, skin-side down. Cook for 5 minutes. Turn over and cook until chicken releases some juices and the skin is lightly browned, about 5 minutes more. Add broth. Transfer chicken to a baking dish.
Add potatoes, remaining lemon juice, lemon slices, oregano, parsley, rosemary, thyme, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, and garlic to the pressure cooker. Cook and stir until flavors blend, about 3 minutes. Add cilantro and mix well. Spoon mixture on top of  the chicken in the baking dish. Ensure the potatoes are well-coated with herbs. Cover the dish with a piece of aluminum foil and poke a few holes in it.
Bake in the preheated oven until chicken is brown on the outside and no longer pink on the inside, and potatoes are tender, about 20 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the chicken should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Serve hot.

Submitter: 
Jiya Ann
Description: 
My go-to weekend dinner recipe. Chicken packed with citrus flavor plus potatoes. The first half of the process can be done in an Instant Pot(<sup>&reg;</sup>), and the second half in the oven for even browning. Or you can use an iron skillet throughout.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
5 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.4
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
50 mins
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
607 calories
29.7
g fat
68.7
g carbohydrates
27.6
g protein
71
mg cholesterol
2593
mg sodium.
