URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/264201/low-calorie-vegetarian-filipino-pancit/
Title:
Low-Calorie Vegetarian Filipino Pancit Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/2614755.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided, or to taste
1 spaghetti squash, halved and seeded
2 carrots, chopped, or to taste
2 stalks celery, chopped, or to taste
1 cup shredded cabbage, or to taste
1 cup frozen shelled edamame (green soybeans)
1 zucchini, chopped, or to taste
2 tablespoons soy sauce, or to taste
ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Lightly coat a baking pan with 1 tablespoon olive oil.
Place spaghetti squash, cut-side down, on the prepared baking pan.
Bake in the preheated oven until tender, about 40 minutes. Let cool until safe to handle, about 15 minutes.
Separate strands of spaghetti squash with a fork and scoop into a large bowl.
Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add carrots, celery, cabbage, edamame, and zucchini. Saute, adding soy sauce and pepper, until tender but still crunchy, about 7 minutes.
Transfer cooked vegetables to the bowl with the spaghetti squash and toss. Taste and season as desired.

Submitter: 
Vegetarianrecipecenter.com
Description: 
Growing up with a Filipino mother, I had the pleasure of eating a lot of great Filipino recipes that, at the time, I took for granted. Pancit was just a side dish at special meals. My mother loves it. It always appeared on special occasions like Christmas or Thanksgiving, but never for dinner on any other day. Now I crave Filipino food daily. So when I have the chance to incorporate it into any old dinner, I will. Garnish with sesame seeds, scallions, or nuts.
Categories:
Fruits and Vegetables
Vegetables
Squash
Winter Squash
Spaghetti Squash

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 17 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
139 calories
7.9
g fat
17.1
g carbohydrates
2.6
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
514
mg sodium.
