URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/264357/gluten-free-berry-rhubarb-pie/
Title:
Gluten-Free Berry Rhubarb Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Gluten-Free Pie Crust:
3 cups gluten-free all-purpose baking flour (such as Cup4Cup™)
1 tablespoon white sugar
1 teaspoon fine salt
1 cup cold unsalted butter, cut into cubes
3/4 cup ice cold water
Filling:
4 cups hulled and halved strawberries
4 cups fresh blueberries
4 cups thinly sliced rhubarb
1 lemon, zested
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 cup white sugar
1/4 cup gluten-free cornstarch
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 egg
1/4 cup water
1 tablespoon raw sugar, or to taste

Directions:
Whisk flour, sugar, and salt together in a bowl. Toss butter in the flour mixture until coated. Transfer mixture to a food processor and pulse in short bursts until butter is the size of hazelnuts. Drizzle ice water through the feed tube, pulsing in quick 4-second bursts until dough comes together in a ball.
Divide dough into 2 equal balls. Flatten into disks and wrap each disk in parchment paper and plastic wrap. Refrigerate disks until firm, about 1 hour.
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Roll out 1 disk into an 11-inch circle. Transfer it to a 9-inch pie plate. Trim the overhang to 1 inch.
Bake in the preheated oven until golden, 15 to 20 minutes. Let crust cool while you make the filling. Keep oven on.
Toss strawberries, blueberries, rhubarb, lemon zest, and vanilla extract in a large bowl. Mix sugar, cornstarch, and salt in a separate bowl. Toss fruit mixture in the sugar mixture just before pouring over the crust.
Beat egg and water together in a small bowl to make egg wash. Brush the rim of the bottom crust with the egg wash.
Roll out second disk into an 11-inch circle. Carefully position over the filled pie. Trim the edges and tuck the top crust over the rim of the bottom crust to form a tight seal. Crimp the edge decoratively. Cut an X-shape into the top crust. Brush the top with egg wash and sprinkle with raw sugar.
Place pie on a baking sheet and bake for 20 minutes, turning halfway through. Reduce temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Continue baking until crust is golden and the juices have thickened and start bubbling out through the X on the top, 35 to 40 minutes.
Place pie on a rack to cool completely, at least 1 hour.

Submitter: 
Utzy Naturals
Description: 
This is such a lovely pie, I really enjoyed baking it. The nice thing about berry pies is that you can switch out the fruit, so you can use raspberries instead of rhubarb, or blackberries instead of blueberries. Either way it's delicious! I've tried a lot of gluten-free piecrusts, but this one is by far the best looking and tasting one. Hope you enjoy!
Categories:
Desserts
Pies
Fruit Pies
Strawberry Pie

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
3 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
585 calories
25.9
g fat
88.4
g carbohydrates
7.6
g protein
81
mg cholesterol
380
mg sodium.
