URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/26432/leahs-chicken-soup/
Title:
Leah's Chicken Soup Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F1990025.jpg
Ingredients:
5 pounds chicken leg quarters
1 large onions, sliced
4 large carrots, peeled and chopped
1 bunch celery tops with leaves, chopped
salt and pepper to taste
1 bunch fresh dill, chopped

Directions:
Place the chicken quarters in the largest pot you own with the onions, carrots and celery.  Fill the pot with cold water 3/4 full.  Season with salt and pepper and place over medium heat.  Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer, covered, 45 minutes to 1 hour, skimming foam as necessary.
Stir the dill into the pot and cook 5 minutes more.  Remove from heat, uncover, and let cool to lukewarm.
Remove the chicken.  Get another big huge receptacle and pour the soup through a sieve into it.  (Discard useless destroyed vegetables and stray chicken parts.)  Refrigerate or freeze for future use.  When cool enough to handle, shred or chop chicken meat for future use.
Authors notes:  Put some of this stock away in the freezer for recipes -- it's good to add to a turkey roasting pan instead of water, to rice, and to just about everything else --  or emergencies such as company, illness or tsuris. If you want to make soup, put some of the stock on the stove in a soup pot (not the big one unless you're feeding mishpocha).  When it's about ten minutes before serving time, add some of the chicken, carrot coins, extra fine egg noodles, or celery.

Submitter: 
VIKINGBABE02
Description: 
Jewish Penicillin that even my mother-in-law likes. This is a traditional chicken soup, all-purpose in nature. The secrets to excellent chicken soup include the parts you use, what you do with everything, and patience (even though this takes only about an hour to make).
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
15 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.53
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 15 mins
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
283 calories
8.9
g fat
5.8
g carbohydrates
42.7
g protein
134
mg cholesterol
180
mg sodium.
