URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/264478/pull-apart-christmas-tree/
Title:
Pull-Apart Christmas Tree Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5573471.jpg
Ingredients:
Dough:
1 (.25 ounce) package active dry yeast
3 tablespoons lukewarm milk
2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour
2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese
1/4 cup plain yogurt
1 egg
1 teaspoon salt
freshly ground black pepper to taste
Filling:
5 slices mortadella
1 (7 ounce) container fresh ricotta cheese, well drained
1 tablespoon grated Parmesan cheese
1 egg yolk
1 tablespoon milk

Directions:
Dissolve yeast in warm milk in a bowl. Let stand until yeast softens and forms a creamy foam, about 5 minutes.
Combine yeast mixture with flour and Parmesan cheese in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook attachment; mix well. Add yogurt and egg and slowly mix together. Add salt and pepper; mix until dough has pulled together. Turn it out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth, elastic, and no longer sticky, about 10 minutes.
Place dough in a large, lightly-oiled bowl and turn to coat. Cover with a towel and let rise in a warm place until doubled in volume, about 2 hours.
Punch dough down and turn onto a lightly floured surface. Roll out into a 20x4-inch rectangle. Mix ricotta cheese and Parmesan cheese together in a bowl and spread onto the dough. Cover with mortadella slices. Roll dough tightly lengthwise and press edges of log tightly together.
Slice dough log into 3/4-inch slices so you have at least 16 rounds.
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Lay dough rounds in the shape of a Christmas tree, leaving a a bit of room in between since they will rise.  The bottom row should consist of 5 rounds, the second row 4 rounds, etc. Place the last round on the bottom as the trunk. Cover with plastic wrap and allow to rise for 1 hour.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Beat egg yolk with 1 tablespoon milk in a small bowl and brush onto dough rounds.
Bake in the preheated oven until puffed up and golden, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from oven and allow to cool before serving.

Submitter: 
miche
Description: 
Yeasted dough is stuffed with mortadella, ricotta cheese, and Parmesan cheese and arranged as a Christmas tree. A great appetizer during the Christmas holidays.
Categories:
Bread
Yeast Bread

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
3 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
112 calories
3.3
g fat
14.9
g carbohydrates
5.4
g protein
31
mg cholesterol
243
mg sodium.
