URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/264485/slow-cooker-spinach-and-cauliflower-mac-and-cheese/
Title:
Slow Cooker Spinach and Cauliflower Mac and Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5346997.jpg
Ingredients:
2 (12 fluid ounce) cans 2% evaporated milk
2 cups unsalted chicken stock
1 tablespoon low-sodium Worcestershire sauce
2 tablespoons brown mustard
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1/2 teaspoon paprika
8 ounces processed cheese food (such as Velveeta®), cubed
4 tablespoons butter, cubed
8 ounces gluten-free elbow macaroni
8 ounces shredded mozzarella cheese
1 (12 ounce) package frozen chopped spinach
1 (12 ounce) package frozen cauliflower

Directions:
Grease or line the insert of a 6-quart slow cooker. Combine evaporated milk, stock, Worcestershire sauce, mustard, black pepper, garlic powder, and paprika in the slow cooker. Stir in processed cheese food and butter. Add macaroni and mozzarella cheese.
Cover slow cooker with the lid and cook on High, stirring every hour, until cheese is melted and macaroni is cooked, 2 to 3 hours.
Empty frozen spinach into a microwave-safe bowl and add 2 tablespoons water. Cover and cook in the microwave on high until hot all the way through, 5 to 7 minutes, stirring halfway through. Drain and press moisture from spinach. Add to macaroni and cheese in the slow cooker and stir.
Empty frozen cauliflower into a microwave-safe bowl and add 2 tablespoons water. Cover and cook in the microwave on high until hot all the way through, 5 to 7 minutes, stirring halfway through. Chop into smaller pieces if necessary. Add to macaroni and cheese in the slow cooker and stir.
Serve immediately or divide into freezer-safe containers for individual servings.

Submitter: 
Jessica Latty
Description: 
Use gluten-free macaroni and 2 kinds of cheese, plus frozen spinach and cauliflower to whip up this slow cooker comfort-food meal.
Categories:
Main Dish
Pasta
Macaroni and Cheese

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
2 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
478 calories
25.6
g fat
39.6
g carbohydrates
24.5
g protein
80
mg cholesterol
711
mg sodium.
