URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/264435/boars-head-bold-bourbonridge-uncured-smoked-ham-and-gouda-sandwich/
Title:
Boar's Head Bold® BourbonRidge™ Uncured Smoked Ham and Gouda Sandwich Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5382653.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil
1 large onion, thinly sliced
Salt and pepper to taste
Unsalted butter, room temperature
4 slices ciabatta, sliced 1/3-inch thick
4 ounces Boar's Head Bold® BourbonRidge™ Uncured Smoked Ham, sliced thin
3 ounces Boar's Head Sharp Wisconsin Cheddar Cheese, sliced thin
1 cup endive, torn into bite-size pieces

Directions:
Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add onion and saute for 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low; cover and cook until onion is very tender and golden, stirring frequently, about 25 minutes longer. Season with salt and pepper. Cool slightly.
Butter two bread slices. Place bread, buttered side down, on a platter. Layer onion, ham, cheese, and endive on top of the bread slices. Top each with another bread slice, buttered slice face up.
Heat another large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add sandwiches and cook until bread is golden brown and cheese melts, pressing occasionally with a spatula, about 4 minutes per side. Cut sandwiches in half diagonally and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Boar's Head
Description: 
Inspired by the rich traditions born in the rolling hills and hidden waterways of Kentucky, Bold® BourbonRidge™ Uncured Smoked Ham embodies the American epicurean spirit and captures the sophistication of the majestic thoroughbreds this region is known for. Masterfully crafted with a refined bourbon and patiently smoked with reclaimed charred oak bourbon barrels, each slice celebrates the heritage and pride of the bluegrass state.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
48 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
694 calories
32.8
g fat
67
g carbohydrates
30.5
g protein
91
mg cholesterol
1508
mg sodium.
