URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/264555/batagor-bandung-indonesian-fried-tofu/
Title:
Batagor Bandung (Indonesian Fried Tofu) Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
4 (8 ounce) containers tofu
½ cup prawns - peeled, deveined, and minced
1  egg, lightly beaten
1 ½ ounces ground chicken
1  green onion, chopped
2 teaspoons cornstarch
1 teaspoon sesame oil
salt and ground white pepper to taste
1  egg
6 tablespoons all-purpose flour
cold water, or as needed
⅓ cup water
¼ cup coarsely chopped dry roasted peanuts
1  fresh red chile pepper, finely chopped
2 cloves garlic, minced
2 teaspoons white vinegar
1 teaspoon white sugar
1 teaspoon salt
oil for frying

Directions:
Slice each tofu square diagonally to make 8 triangles. Make a cut into the base of each tofu triangle and scoop out enough of tofu to create a pocket.
Combine scooped-out tofu pieces, prawns, egg, ground chicken, green onion, cornstarch, sesame oil, salt, and pepper in a bowl for the filling. Carefully stuff filling back into the tofu triangles; the filling will bulge out.
Place a steamer insert into a saucepan and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer. Bring water to a boil. Add stuffed tofu triangles, cover, and steam for 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, make the batter. Mix egg and flour in a bowl. Whisk in enough water to give batter a medium-thin consistency.
Combine water, peanuts, red chile pepper, garlic, vinegar, salt, and sugar in a bowl. Stir until salt and sugar have dissolved and set sauce aside.
Remove cooked tofu triangles from the steamer.
Heat oil in a wok until hot. Dip triangles into the batter and slowly lower into the hot oil. Fry in batches until golden brown and the batter is cooked through, about 5 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Serve hot with the peanut sauce.

Submitter: 
Mekmolek
Description: 
This is a very popular street food found around the Sunda region of Western Java. Batagor is an acronym for Bakso Tahu Goreng (Fried Tofu Balls) though it's not really a ball, but more of a triangle shape. The tofu is stuffed with a mixture of savory ground meat, steamed, and then coated with batter and fried; it is served with a spicy sweet chile-peanut sauce.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
35 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 5 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
274 calories
20.7
g fat
9.7
g carbohydrates
15
g protein
61
mg cholesterol
391
mg sodium.
