URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/264556/kek-lapis-indonesia-indonesian-layer-cake/
Title:
Kek Lapis Indonesia (Indonesian Layer Cake) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
1/4 teaspoon ground anise seeds
1/4 teaspoon ground cardamom
2 cups butter
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
17 egg yolks
1 cup white sugar
2 tablespoons white sugar
5 egg whites

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease the bottom and sides of a square cake pan. Cut a piece of parchment paper to fit the base exactly and grease the paper.
Sift flour, cinnamon, cloves, anise, and cardamom together into a bowl.
Beat butter and vanilla extract together in a bowl using an electric mixer until creamy. Cream egg yolks and 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar together in another bowl until thick and tripled in volume. Place egg whites in a separate bowl using clean beaters; mix until stiff peaks form.
Mix the creamed butter with the creamed egg yolk mixture. Slowly fold in the spiced flour, alternating with beaten egg whites. Carefully mix well.
Pour 1 ladleful of cake batter into the prepared pan. Spread batter evenly into a layer about 1/4-inch thick.
Bake in the preheated oven until light brown, about 5 minutes. Remove pan from oven; use a skewer to prick the top of the cake to prevent air bubbles from forming.
Spread another ladleful of batter on top and bake the new layer for about 5 minutes. Repeat the process and bake each remaining ladle of batter. When done, remove the cake from pan at once. Turn it over, top side up, onto a cooling rack and let cool for at least half an hour.

Submitter: 
mekmolek
Description: 
A popular cake in Malaysia, Singapore, and Indonesia during festive and special occasions. It's time-consuming to make but well worth it. This is the basic technique for making layer cake. You can get creative and use 2 different flavored cake mixtures (such as chocolate and spice).
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Indonesian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
2 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
559 calories
44.5
g fat
33.4
g carbohydrates
8
g protein
446
mg cholesterol
303
mg sodium.
