URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/264500/special-mutton-leg-roast-for-eid-ul-azha/
Title:
Special Mutton Leg Roast For Eid-ul-Azha Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3918412.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (5 pound) leg of lamb, trimmed of excess fat
4 cups plain yogurt
4 tablespoons ginger-garlic paste
3 tablespoons lemon juice
2 tablespoons ground red chile pepper
2 tablespoons chaat masala
2 tablespoons garam masala
1 tablespoon salt, or to taste
1 tablespoon red pepper flakes
1 tablespoon ground turmeric
1 tablespoon ground black pepper
1 tablespoon ground cumin
1 tablespoon ground coriander
1 cup vegetable oil

Directions:
Cut deep slashes about 2 inches apart across the lamb.
Mix yogurt, ginger-garlic paste, lemon juice, ground red chile, chaat masala, garam masala, salt, red pepper flakes, turmeric, black pepper, cumin, and coriander together in a bowl. Whisk until well combined. Apply marinade generously all over the lamb in a dish; turn over and apply more marinade. Cover and refrigerate for 3 hours to overnight.
Heat oil in a large cast-iron pot over medium heat. Place the lamb leg gently into the bottom of the pot. Cover and place a heavy weight on top of the lid. Reduce heat to low and cook for 1 hour. Turn leg over and cook for another hour.
Continue cooking lamb until liquid is mostly evaporated and meat is tender and golden, about 15 minutes more. Oils should start collecting at the edges of the lamb. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 130 degrees F (54 degrees C). Transfer meat to a serving dish.

Submitter: 
Asim Saeed
Description: 
I made this special mutton leg roast recipe that is filled with tender, juicy, finger-licking taste to enjoy with your family and add cheer to your festive get-together on this Eid-ul-Azha. Garnish with seasonal salad such as cucumber, onion rings, salad leaves, lemon, and tomato slices. Serve with raita and enjoy with hot chapati.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Lamb

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
5 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
449 calories
32
g fat
10.2
g carbohydrates
25.9
g protein
88
mg cholesterol
1000
mg sodium.
