URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/264532/jalisco-style-chilaquiles/
Title:
Jalisco-Style Chilaquiles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
6 cups water, divided
3 medium tomatoes, halved
10 dried red chile peppers, or more to taste
2 pasilla chile peppers - stems, seeds, and veins removed
salt to taste
15 corn tortillas
2 cups vegetable oil for frying
1/2 onion, finely chopped
1/4 cup crumbled queso fresco, or to taste

Directions:
Combine 3 cups water, tomatoes, and chile peppers in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer until softened, about 8 minutes.
Heat remaining 3 cups water in a separate saucepan.
Drain tomato-pepper mixture and transfer to a blender. Blend until sauce is smooth, adding about 1/2 cup hot water if needed. Season with salt.
Cut tortillas into medium chip-sized pieces using kitchen shears.
Heat oil in a heavy-bottomed pot over medium-high heat. Fry tortilla chips in batches until firm and crispy, about 1 minute per batch. Drain on paper towels and let cool.
Spread about 1 teaspoon of the hot oil in a large pan. Carefully pour in tomato-pepper sauce. Add 2 1/2 cups hot water and bring to a simmer. Stir in tortilla chips and reduce heat to medium-low. Stir gently until chips are bright orange but still somewhat crunchy, about 1 minute.
Transfer to serving plates and garnish with onion and queso fresco.

Submitter: 
Cyber Pana
Description: 
Fresh tortilla chips flavored in a spicy tomato-chile sauce topped with fresh cheese and freshly chopped onion. This is the classic breakfast to cure a hangover when menudo or birria are not available. Guaranteed to bring you back to life, but excellent any day of the week. This is the way chilaquiles are made in the central part of Mexico. Unlike other recipes, ours does not contain eggs. You may add or withhold the red chile pepper content to adjust the heat.
Categories:
Everyday Cooking

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
407 calories
16.5
g fat
59.8
g carbohydrates
10.1
g protein
5
mg cholesterol
133
mg sodium.
