URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/264512/tofu-and-vegetables-stir-fry-with-couscous/
Title:
Tofu and Vegetables Stir-Fry with Couscous Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/1362730.jpg
Ingredients:
10 ounces tofu, cubed
2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, or as needed
1 teaspoon curry powder, or to taste
salt and ground pepper to taste
1 head broccoli, cut into florets
1  carrot, sliced
8 cups fresh spinach
1  onion, diced
½  cucumber, sliced
1  radish, sliced
1 pinch ground nutmeg, or to taste
2 tablespoons soy sauce, divided, or to taste
1 tablespoon honey, or to taste
1 tablespoon peanut butter
1 pinch ground ginger, or to taste
1 pinch ground black pepper to taste (optional)
1 cup water
1 cup couscous
1 tablespoon vegan margarine
1 clove garlic, minced
1 tablespoon pistachio nuts, or to taste

Directions:
Mix tofu, 1 tablespoon oil, curry powder, salt, and pepper together in a bowl. Let stand for 30 minutes.
While tofu is marinating, place broccoli and carrot in a microwave-safe bowl with 1 tablespoon water and 1 pinch salt. Cover and cook in the microwave for 2 1/2 minutes.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a wok over high heat. Saute spinach, onion, cucumber, radish, nutmeg, and 1 pinch salt until spinach is wilted, about 1 minute. Add 1 tablespoon soy sauce, honey, peanut butter, ginger, and black pepper. Add cooked broccoli and carrot. Reduce heat to low and cover the wok.
Place marinated tofu in a pan over medium heat. Add 1 tablespoon soy sauce. Cook until heated through, about 3 minutes. Add to vegetable mixture in the wok.
Bring water to a boil in a saucepan. Add couscous, margarine, and garlic. Mix well, cover the saucepan, and let rest until water is absorbed, about 10 minutes.
Serve couscous in a bowl topped with tofu mixture and pistachios.

Submitter: 
Valeria Pinzon Rivera
Description: 
This is a good idea for a high-protein recipe if you are vegan. I hope you enjoy it! You can serve this dish with rice or pasta instead of couscous.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
55 mins
Number of servings: 
10 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
436 calories
16.9
g fat
57.6
g carbohydrates
18.2
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
644
mg sodium.
