URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/264513/high-protein-vegan-stir-fry/
Title:
High-Protein Vegan Stir-Fry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/830662.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 (12 ounce) package extra-firm tofu
1/4 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce
1 tablespoon agave nectar
1 tablespoon Dijon mustard
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
1/4 teaspoon sesame oil
1 pinch cayenne powder, or to taste
1 cup water
1/2 cup uncooked quinoa
1 sweet potato, peeled and cubed, or more to taste
1 onion, chopped
2 tablespoons peanut oil

Directions:
Layer 2 folded dish towels on a cutting board and place tofu on top. Place 2 more folded dish towels and a heavy book on top. Press tofu for 5 to 10 minutes or longer. Cut into bite-sized cubes.
Heat a large nonstick pan over medium heat. Add tofu and dry-fry until golden on 1 side, about 5 minutes. Flip and cook until golden on the other side, about 5 minutes more.
While tofu is frying, whisk soy sauce, agave nectar, Dijon mustard, ginger, sesame oil, and cayenne pepper together in a bowl. Stir in the fried tofu, coating thoroughly in the marinade. Cover the bowl and refrigerate about 30 minutes or longer.
Combine water and quinoa in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium and simmer until quinoa is fluffy and water has been absorbed, 13 to 15 minutes. Monitor the quinoa while it cooks; add extra water if necessary.
While quinoa is cooking, place sweet potatoes in a small saucepan and cover with 1 or 2 inches of water. Bring to a boil and cook for 3 minutes. Drain.
Combine cooked quinoa, tofu and marinade, cooked sweet potatoes, onion, and peanut oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Cook, stirring constantly, until onion is soft, 3 to 4 minutes.

Submitter: 
rebeccalm89
Description: 
A delicious, high-protein vegan recipe with tofu, sweet potato, and quinoa that can be tweaked depending on what you have on hand. Feel free to throw in a few handfuls of your favorite veggies, or replace the tofu with tempeh or another veggie protein. Carnivores could use chicken, salmon, or beef, or serve as a side with grilled meat. Or add scrambled egg for a delicious breakfast stir-fry! Serve chilled for a yummy summer salad.
Categories:
Main Dish
Stir-Fry

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
503 calories
20.9
g fat
65.2
g carbohydrates
16.8
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
1302
mg sodium.
