URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/264501/opor-ayam-chicken-in-coconut-milk/
Title:
Opor Ayam (Chicken in Coconut Milk) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/5745136.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (2 to 3 pound) chicken, cut into 8 pieces
1  lemon, juiced
4  candlenuts
1 teaspoon ground coriander
½ teaspoon cumin seeds
7  shallots, peeled
5 cloves garlic, peeled
1 tablespoon chopped galangal
½ tablespoon chopped ginger
½ teaspoon white peppercorns
½ teaspoon chopped fresh turmeric root
3 tablespoons vegetable oil
2 stalks lemongrass, bruised
1 tablespoon tamarind juice
5  kaffir lime leaves
3  bay leaves
1 teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon white sugar
3 ⅓ cups thin coconut milk
1 cup thick coconut milk
1 small bunch Thai basil (optional)
1 (2.8 ounce) package fried shallots

Directions:
Soak chicken pieces in lemon juice for 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, heat a dry skillet over medium heat. Toast candlenuts, coriander, and cumin in the skillet until fragrant, about 1 minute. Transfer to a large mortar and pestle and grind into a paste with shallots, garlic, galangal, ginger, peppercorns, and turmeric. Work in batches if necessary.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add spice paste and stir until aromatic, 2 to 3 minutes. Add lemongrass, tamarind juice, lime leaves, bay leaves, salt, and sugar.
Rinse lemon juice off chicken pieces and slide them into the skillet. Turn to coat evenly with spices. Pour in thin and thick coconut milk. Simmer until flavors combine, about 30 minutes. Add basil leaves. Continue cooking until chicken is tender, about 15 minutes more.
Serve chicken and sauce in a bowl, sprinkled with fried shallots.

Submitter: 
GrowinKitchen
Description: 
Opor ayam is an Indonesian chicken dish originating from the central to Eastern parts of the Java islands. This is usually served to enliven Ramadan in our tradition, along with ketupat and sambal goreng kentang (chile-fried potato).
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 35 mins
Number of servings: 
30 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
538 calories
45.9
g fat
18.5
g carbohydrates
17.1
g protein
38
mg cholesterol
433
mg sodium.
