URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/264642/spiedies-marinade/
Title:
Spiedies Marinade Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5477870.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup olive oil
1/4 cup dry white wine
1/4 cup fresh lemon juice
1/4 cup rice vinegar
1 tablespoon sea salt
2 teaspoons ground black pepper
1 teaspoon ground thyme
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon dried tarragon
1 teaspoon red pepper flakes
1 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1 white onion, diced
3 cloves garlic, minced
2 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, cut into 1 1/2-inch cubes

Directions:
Combine oil, wine, lemon juice, vinegar, salt, pepper, thyme, oregano, tarragon, red pepper flakes, and cayenne pepper in a bowl. Stir in onion and garlic. Add chicken cubes last; coat thoroughly.
Pour mixture into a resealable freezer bag, making sure there is as little air as possible in the bag. Wrap bag in a paper towel and slide it into another resealable bag so that the zippers are at opposite ends. Refrigerate, flipping over every 12 hours, for 2 to 3 days.
Soak wooden skewers in water. Thread the chicken cubes through the skewers, discarding marinade.
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate. Grill the chicken skewers, flipping halfway, until juices run clear, 8 to 10 minutes.

Submitter: 
middkdr
Description: 
Growing up in Upstate NY, this is a classic spiedies marinade for any form of meat (I prefer chicken, though lamb is the traditional) from Binghampton/Endicott area. Here is my personal take that I have switched up some adding ingredients from my time in the South and PacNW. Serve skewers on lightly toasted French bread or a hot dog bun. To eat, squeeze the roll and pull the skewer out - shouldn't need condiments (maybe a touch of hot sauce).
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Chicken
Chicken Breasts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
2 d 20 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
226 calories
19
g fat
4.7
g carbohydrates
8.3
g protein
20
mg cholesterol
899
mg sodium.
