URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/26466079/chef-paul-prudhommes-sweet-potato-pecan-pie/
Title:
Chef Paul Prudhomme's Sweet  Potato Pecan Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
DOUGH
3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened
2 tablespoons sugar
¼ teaspoon salt
½ of a whole egg, vigorously beaten until frothy (reserve the other half for the sweet-potato filling)
2 tablespoons cold milk
1 cup all-purpose flour
SWEET-POTATO FILLING
2 to 3 sweet potatoes (or enough to yield 1 cup cooked pulp), baked
¼ cup, packed, light brown sugar
2 tablespoons sugar
½ egg, vigorously beaten until frothy (reserved above)
1 tablespoon heavy cream
1 tablespoon unsalted butter, softened
1 tablespoon vanilla extract
¼ teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/8 teaspoon ground allspice
1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg
PECAN PIE SYRUP
¾ cup sugar
¾ cup dark corn syrup
2 small eggs
1½ tablespoons unsalted butter, melted
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
Pinch of salt
Pinch of ground cinnamon
¾ cup pecan pieces or halves

Directions:
For the dough: Place the softened butter, sugar and salt in the bowl of an electric mixer; beat on high speed until the mixture is creamy. Add the ½ egg and beat 30 seconds. Add the milk and beat on high speed 2 minutes. Add the flour and beat on medium speed 5 seconds, then on high speed just until blended, about 5 seconds more (overmixing will produce a tough dough).    Remove the dough from the bowl and shape into a 5-inch patty about ½ inch thick. Lightly dust the patty with flour and wrap in plastic wrap; refrigerate at least 1 hour; preferably overnight. (The dough will last up to one week refrigerated.)
On a lightly floured surface, roll out dough to a thickness of 1/8 to ¼ inch. Very lightly flour the top of the dough and fold it into quarters. Carefully place dough in a greased and floured 8-inch round cake pan (1½ inches deep) so that the corner of the folded dough is centered in the pan. Unfold the dough and arrange it to fit the sides and bottom of pan; press firmly in place. Trim edges. Refrigerate 15 minutes.
For the sweet-potato filling: Combine all the ingredients in a mixing bowl. Beat on medium speed of electric mixer until the batter is smooth, about 2 to 3 minutes. Do not overbeat. Set aside.
For the pecan pie syrup: Combine all the ingredients except the pecans in a mixing bowl. Mix thoroughly on slow speed of electric mixer until the syrup is opaque, about 1 minute; stir in pecans and set aside.
To assemble: Spoon the sweet-potato filling evenly into the dough-lined cake pan. Pour the pecan syrup on top. Bake in a 325° oven until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean, about 1¾ hours. (Note: the pecans will rise to the top of the pie during baking.)
Cool and serve with Chantilly Cream. Store pie at room temperature for the

Submitter: 
atomicdogs
Description: 
MAKES ONE 8-INCH PIE
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 1/4
Ready in:
3 hrs
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
