URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/264867/apricot-lavender-jam/
Title:
Apricot Lavender Jam Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5416300.jpg
Ingredients:
4 1/2 cups white sugar, divided
1 tablespoon dried lavender blossoms
3 1/2 pounds fresh apricots, pitted and sliced
2 tablespoons lemon juice
1 (1.75 ounce) package fruit pectin (such as Sure-Jell® Pectin Light for less or no sugar)

Directions:
Combine 1/2 cup sugar and lavender blossoms in the bowl of a food processor; pulse until the lavender blossoms are finely chopped and the sugar is fragrant.
Measure apricots; you should have 5 cups prepared fruit. Chop finely and place into a plastic or glass bowl with a tight-fitting lid. Add lavender sugar and lemon; mix well. Cover and refrigerate overnight.
Inspect 8 half-pint jars for cracks and rings for rust, discarding any defective ones. Immerse in simmering water until jam is ready. Wash new, unused lids and rings in warm soapy water.
Mix 1/4 cup of the remaining sugar and pectin together in a bowl; add to apricots. Transfer fruit mixture to a large saucepan and mix well. Slowly bring to a full rolling boil that does not stop bubbling when stirred. Add the remaining sugar and stir well, scraping over the bottom of the pan, to fully dissolve the sugar. Cook for 1 minute, stirring constantly.
Ladle apricot jam immediately into the prepared jars, filling to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a clean knife or thin spatula around the insides of the jars to remove any air bubbles. Wipe rims with a moist paper towel to remove any spills. Top with lids and tightly screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars 2 inches apart into the boiling water using a holder. Pour in more boiling water to cover jars by at least 1 inch. Bring to a rolling boil, cover, and process for 10 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart. Let rest for 24 hours without moving the jars. Gently press the center of each lid with a finger to ensure the lid does not move up or down. Remove the rings for storage and store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
nch
Description: 
My trick to infuse the lavender aroma into the jam is to process a portion of the sugar with the lavender.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Jams and Jellies

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
8 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
128
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
33 calories
0
g fat
8.4
g carbohydrates
0.2
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
< 1
mg sodium.
