URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/264883/gluten-free-and-keto-chocolate-chip-cookies/
Title:
Gluten-Free and Keto Chocolate Chip Cookies Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1 ¼ cups almond flour
2 tablespoons coconut flour
1 tablespoon arrowroot flour
1 teaspoon kosher salt
½ teaspoon baking soda
½ teaspoon xanthan gum
10 ½ tablespoons butter, at room temperature
9 tablespoons low-calorie natural sweetener (such as Swerve®)
1 teaspoon blackstrap molasses (optional)
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1  egg
3 ounces sugar-free chocolate chips (such as Lily's®)
2 ½ ounces chopped pecans
1 pinch flaked sea salt, or to taste

Directions:
Combine almond flour, coconut flour, arrowroot flour, 1 teaspoon salt, baking soda, and xanthan gum in a medium bowl. Whisk until thoroughly combined.
Cream butter in a large bowl using an electric mixer. Add sweetener and molasses; continue to beat until thoroughly mixed and much of the sweetener has dissolved. Add vanilla extract and egg, mixing until just incorporated; the mixture will not be totally smooth.
Add 1/2 the flour mixture to the bowl with the butter mixture; mix on low until just incorporated. Mix in remaining flour mixture. Fold in chocolate chips and pecans. Cover the bowl and refrigerate for 1 hour.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat.
Divide cookie dough into 12 portions, form into rounds, and flatten to 2 1/2 inches in diameter; cookies will spread slightly during baking. Place cookies on the prepared baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven for 6 minutes. Sprinkle cookies with sea salt and flip tray around in the oven. Continue baking until just set and still soft to the touch, another 6 to 7 minutes. Allow cookies to cool completely on the baking sheet. Store in an airtight container for up to 3 days.

Submitter: 
Brent Leonard
Description: 
These keto chocolate chip cookies are slightly crisp around the edges, yet totally moist and slightly chewy on the inside, 'bakery-style.'
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 35 mins
Number of servings: 
1 hr
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
251 calories
23.7
g fat
17.3
g carbohydrates
4.1
g protein
42
mg cholesterol
322
mg sodium.
