URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/264999/roasted-kohlrabi-golden-beet-and-fava-bean-salad/
Title:
Roasted Kohlrabi, Golden Beet, and Fava Bean Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup dried brown fava beans
3 kohlrabi, peeled and cut into 1-inch cubes
3 golden beets, peeled and cut into 1-inch cubes
salt and pepper to taste
1 tablespoon olive oil, or as desired
salt and pepper to taste
Vinaigrette:
2 tablespoons walnut oil
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 tablespoon honey-ginger balsamic vinegar
1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives
1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Put beans in a medium saucepan, cover with water, and bring to a boil. Turn off heat and leave to soak for about 60 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.
Combine kohlrabi and beets in a bowl; toss with olive oil and salt. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet.
Roast kohlrabi and beets in the preheated oven until still firm but not hard when poked with a fork, about 35 minutes. Turn once to avoid burning. Return to the bowl and refrigerate.
Remove the shells from the softened fava beans using your fingernails. Discard any that can't be shelled. Return beans to the pot and cover with fresh water. Bring to a boil and reduce heat to medium. Cook until tender but not exploded, checking often, 30 to 45 minutes. Drain and add beans to the bowl with the kohlrabi and beets.
Combine walnut oil, olive oil, balsamic vinegar, chives, dill, salt, and pepper in a small jar with a lid and shake well. Coat the salad with the vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper.

Submitter: 
Nancy Louise Freeman
Description: 
Golden beets and kohlrabi are two veggies that call out to me from the produce section whenever they come into season.
Categories:
Salad
Beans

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
507 calories
28.2
g fat
53.6
g carbohydrates
17
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
397
mg sodium.
