URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/264990/sour-cherry-oat-crisp/
Title:
Sour Cherry Oat Crisp Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 (9 inch) prepared pastry for a single-crust pie
Filling:
4 cups fresh sour cherries, pitted
1 cup white sugar
4 tablespoons cornstarch, or more as needed
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 teaspoon almond extract
Crumb Topping:
1 cup packed light brown sugar
2/3 cup all-purpose flour
2/3 cup rolled oats, or more to taste
1 tablespoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup butter, cut into small cubes

Directions:
Line the bottom of an oven with aluminum foil to catch spills. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a 9-inch square baking dish with the pie crust.
Place cherries in a bowl. Let sit in the refrigerator for about 4 hours until juices start to come out. Gently press down on top of the cherries to release juice. Pour off 3/4 cup juice, reserving cherries in the bowl.
Pour juice into a small saucepan over medium heat. Mix sugar, cornstarch, and cinnamon together. Stir mixture into the juice before it starts to steam. Bring mixture to a boil, stirring constantly. Remove from heat and keep stirring until mixture starts to thicken, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in vanilla and almond extracts.
Pour juice mixture into the bowl with the cherries; stir until combined. Pour mixture into the prepared crust.
Bake in the preheated oven for 40 minutes while preparing the crumb topping.
Mix brown sugar, flour, oats, cinnamon, and salt together in a large bowl. Cut in butter pieces with a fork until they're the size of small peas.
Remove cherry pie from the oven. Top with the crumb topping and bake for an additional 20 minutes. Remove from oven and cut a small hole in the center to help vent. Let cool, at least 1 hour. Serve warm.

Submitter: 
Klonoaphile
Description: 
This was out of inspiration for something to do with my fresh sour cherries. Only got a few this year so wanted to make something really tasty! I think this did it. Very simple and can be adjusted to your needs if fresh sour cherries are not available, but I do not recommend using Bing or sweet red cherries for this. Use sour cherries in the can if you can find them. Enjoy! Refrigerate when completely cooled.
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Cherry Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
6 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
492 calories
16.2
g fat
85.6
g carbohydrates
4.7
g protein
24
mg cholesterol
288
mg sodium.
