URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/265040/filipino-beef-giniling-afritada-style/
Title:
Filipino Beef Giniling (Afritada Style) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5416113.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon oil, or as needed
1 clove garlic, minced
2 pounds ground beef
1 cup water, or as needed
ground black pepper to taste
6 tablespoons soy sauce, divided
2 medium red potatoes
10 baby carrots, or more to taste, cubed
1/2 cup raisins, or more to taste
2 (6.5 ounce) cans tomato sauce with salt (such as Contadina®)
1/2 orange bell pepper, diced
4 tablespoons white sugar

Directions:
Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add garlic and cook until light golden brown, about 1 minute. Add beef and 1/2 cup water; cook and stir until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Season with black pepper and add more water as needed; do not let beef dry out.
Add 3 tablespoons soy sauce, potatoes, and carrots to the saucepan with the beef. Add more water as needed to prevent drying out. Cook 4 minutes; add raisins. Cook 2 to 3 minutes more, adding water as needed to make sure beef does not dry out.
Add 1 can of sauce to the saucepan with the beef mixture. Fill that can with water, stir to remove excess sauce, and pour water into saucepan. Add 1/2 of the remaining can of sauce to the saucepan; stir to combine. Add more water as needed to create a sauce-like but not soupy consistency.
Add bell pepper, remaining 3 tablespoons soy sauce, and sugar. Cook until all vegetables are soft, about 3 to 5 minutes more, stirring occasionally and adding water as needed to be sure the sauce does not dry out.

Submitter: 
Pamela Leyva
Description: 
This dish is one of my favorites to eat. It's a comfort food for me, and I love it. This is my own personal way of making this. It's pretty easy to make and does not take long all. This dish is a Philippine dish, and it is usually eaten with white rice. Contrary to the picture, you will not add peas.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Filipino

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
488 calories
26.1
g fat
35.4
g carbohydrates
28.6
g protein
93
mg cholesterol
1332
mg sodium.
