URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/265004/peppery-strawberry-kiwi-jam/
Title:
Peppery Strawberry-Kiwi Jam Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
4 pints ripe strawberries, hulled
3 kiwifruits, peeled and finely diced
4 cups white sugar
1 (1.75 ounce) package fruit pectin (such as Sure-Jell® Pectin Light for less or no sugar)
1 1/2 teaspoons green peppercorns in brine, drained
1 1/2 teaspoons crushed mixed peppercorns

Directions:
Inspect 8 half-pint jars for cracks and rings for rust, discarding any defective ones. Immerse in simmering water until jam is ready. Wash new, unused lids and rings in warm soapy water.
Crush strawberries and measure; you should have about 5 cups.
Combine crushed strawberries and kiwi fruits in a large pot and slowly bring to a boil over medium-low heat. Stir in pectin and slowly bring mixture to a full rolling boil that does not stop bubbling when stirred. Add sugar and stir to dissolve. Return to a full rolling boil on high heat and boil for exactly 1 minute, stirring constantly. Skim off any foam with a ladle or a large spoon.
Remove pot from heat. Stir in green peppercorns and mixed peppercorns.
Ladle strawberry jam immediately into the prepared jars, filling to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a clean knife or thin spatula around the insides of the jars to remove any air bubbles. Wipe rims with a moist paper towel to remove any spills. Top with lids and tightly screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars 2 inches apart into the boiling water using a holder. Pour in more boiling water to cover jars by at least 1 inch. Bring to a rolling boil, cover, and process for 10 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart. Let rest for 24 hours without moving the jars. Gently press the center of each lid with a finger to ensure the lid does not move up or down. Remove the rings for storage and store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
Kuechen_PIONIER
Description: 
This is the perfect jam for the cheese platter. Adjust the amount of pepper in this recipe to your personal taste.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Jams and Jellies

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
20 m
Number of servings: 
128
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
29 calories
0
g fat
7.4
g carbohydrates
0.1
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
2
mg sodium.
