URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/265186/baked-buffalo-cauliflower-bites/
Title:
Baked Buffalo Cauliflower Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5455055.jpg
Ingredients:
Dipping Sauce:
1/4 cup sour cream
3 tablespoons Stella® blue cheese crumbles
1 tablespoon whole milk
1 pinch garlic powder
1 pinch onion powder
1 pinch salt
Buffalo Cauliflower Bites:
1/4 cup whole milk
1/4 cup lager beer
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1/4 teaspoon onion powder
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 small head cauliflower, trimmed and cut into florets
Cooking spray
2 tablespoons unsalted butter
1/2 cup Buffalo wing sauce
6 celery stalks, trimmed and cut into 6-inch pieces, or more to taste

Directions:
To make the sauce, combine the sour cream, blue cheese, whole milk, garlic powder, onion powder, and salt in a medium bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and transfer to the refrigerator until serving.
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. Line a baking sheet with parchment or foil and set aside.
In a medium bowl, add the whole milk, beer, all-purpose flour, garlic powder, onion powder, baking powder, and salt; mix until everything is just combined, being sure to not overmix.
Dip each cauliflower floret into the batter, allowing any excess to run off, and transfer to the baking sheet. Repeat dipping process until you've worked your way through all of the florets.
Spray the tops of the florets with cooking spray; this will help with the crisp factor. Transfer the baking sheet to the oven and bake for 15 to 20 minutes, until the tops are lightly golden brown.
Meanwhile, in a medium saucepan, melt the butter and pour in the Buffalo wing sauce. Mix until combined. Remove the cauliflower from the oven and drizzle half of the sauce atop the florets. Return the cauliflower to the oven and bake for an additional 5 minutes.
Using a pair of tongs, add the cauliflower florets to the saucepan with the Buffalo mixture and gently toss, until all of the florets are completely coated in sauce.
Transfer to a large plate and serve alongside the dipping sauce and freshly cut celery.

Submitter: 
Saputo
Description: 
A vegetarian twist on a classic dish. These baked Buffalo cauliflower bites pair the great taste of Buffalo sauce with a tangy blue cheese dressing.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
245 calories
12.4
g fat
27.4
g carbohydrates
7.1
g protein
28
mg cholesterol
1281
mg sodium.
