URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/265297/salmon-and-enoki-stir-fry-with-shanghai-noodles/
Title:
Salmon and Enoki Stir-Fry with Shanghai Noodles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Marinade/Sauce:
1 large lemon, zested and juiced
3 tablespoons honey
3 tablespoons soy sauce
1 tablespoon grated ginger
3 cloves crushed garlic
1 teaspoon sesame oil
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper to taste
1/2 pound Atlantic salmon - skinless, boneless, cut into 1-inch cubes
3 cups vegetable stock
1 tablespoon walnut oil, or as needed
2 medium carrots, thinly sliced on the diagonal
3 stalks celery, thinly sliced on the diagonal
1 medium onion, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced
16 ounces fresh Shanghai-style noodles
1 1/2 cups bean sprouts
1 cup enoki mushrooms, roots removed and stalks separated
3 green onions, chopped

Directions:
Combine lemon zest, lemon juice, honey, soy sauce, grated ginger, crushed garlic, sesame oil, cayenne pepper, and black pepper in a small, high-sided bowl. Whisk marinade to combine.
Place salmon in a bowl; just before starting to cook, pour 1/2 the marinade over the fish.
Pour stock into a large pot and bring to a simmer.
Heat oil in a wok over medium-high heat. Add carrots and stir-fry for 3 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon of stock. Add celery, onion, and an additional tablespoon or 2 of stock. Stir-fry until starting to soften but still crisp, about 4 minutes. Transfer vegetables to a warm bowl.
Pour salmon and marinade into the wok. Increase heat to high and cook for 2 minutes. Return vegetables to the wok and reduce heat to low. Cook and flip the contents of the wok to gently, without stirring. Add a small amount of stock and cook 2 minutes more.
Add noodles to the pot with the simmering stock; do not break them apart.
Add bean sprouts, mushrooms, and remaining marinade to the wok. Simmer and flip to combine, 4 to 6 minutes more.
Serve salmon stir-fry over cooked noodles; garnish with green onions.

Submitter: 
E Henshaw
Description: 
An excellent salmon and enoki mushroom stir-fry served over seasoned Shanghai noodles. Garnish with toasted sesame seeds.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
569 calories
12.4
g fat
93.3
g carbohydrates
21.4
g protein
28
mg cholesterol
1633
mg sodium.
