URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/265235/easy-zucchini-cake-sliders/
Title:
Easy Zucchini Cake Sliders Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Sauce:
2 tablespoons light mayonnaise
1 tablespoon ketchup
1 tablespoon sweet hot mustard
salt and ground black pepper to taste
Sliders:
1 medium white onion, diced
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 medium zucchini, sliced into very thin rectangular pieces
2 egg whites
1/2 cup Italian-seasoned bread crumbs
1/2 cup matzo meal
1 pinch cayenne pepper
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, or to taste
6 French rolls

Directions:
Mix mayonnaise, ketchup, and mustard together in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Set sauce aside at room temperature or in the refrigerator.
Saute onion in a small nonstick skillet until soft, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.
Combine zucchini and onion in a large bowl. Add egg whites, bread crumbs, and matzo meal. Season with salt, pepper, and cayenne. Mix well. Wet hands and pinch off golf ball-sized pieces. Flatten into small patties.
Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium-low heat. Add patties and cover the skillet. Cook until golden brown, 7 to 10 minutes. Uncover and flip the patties over. Pan-fry until the other side is also golden brown, about 5 minutes. Remove using a spatula and dab with paper towels to remove excess grease.
Put a small spoonful of sauce over the bottom half of each roll. Place patties on top. Cover with top halves of the rolls.

Submitter: 
pekoeworks
Description: 
Vegetarian adaptation after eating some delicious crab cake sliders at the Pier. Top sliders with thinly sliced lettuce, tomatoes, and avocado. I usually do 2 sliders per person with a side of coleslaw or sweet potato fries to share.
Categories:
Side Dish
Vegetables
Squash
Zucchini
Fried Zucchini

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
244 calories
8.5
g fat
35.3
g carbohydrates
7.3
g protein
2
mg cholesterol
511
mg sodium.
