URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/265350/vegan-stuffed-peppers-with-rice/
Title:
Vegan Stuffed Peppers with Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
4 red bell peppers, tops and seeds removed
salt to taste
1 cup vegan "ground beef," frozen (such as Beyond Meat®)
1 cup diced onion
1 cup diced tomatoes
1 (14 ounce) can vegetable broth, divided
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon chili powder
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 cup water
1 (8 ounce) package Spanish rice mix
1 cup black beans, rinsed and drained
1 cup corn, drained
1 tablespoon nutritional yeast (optional)
4 ounces tomato sauce

Directions:
Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add bell peppers and cook until soft, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and sprinkle insides with salt. Set aside for 10 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a baking dish with aluminum foil.
Combine vegan ground beef, onion, diced tomatoes, 2/3 cup broth, garlic powder, chili powder, black pepper, and salt in a large skillet over medium-high heat and bring to a high simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally, until all but 1/3 cup of liquid has steamed off or been absorbed, 5 to 10 minutes. Remove from heat.
Combine water, 1 cup broth, and Spanish rice package in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to a simmer, and cook for 8 minutes. Add black beans and corn; stir to combine. Add "ground beef" mixture with enough liquid to keep rice stuffing moist. Mix in nutritional yeast and stir until well combined.
Drain any excess water from peppers. Stuff with rice mixture using a spoon, packing filling down tightly. Place stuffed peppers in the prepared baking pan and spoon extra rice mixture around them. Pour tomato sauce over peppers and rice. Cover with aluminum foil.
Bake in the preheated oven for 20 minutes. Remove foil and bake uncovered for an additional 10 minutes. Let peppers sit for 5 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Emily
Description: 
Easy stuffed peppers with black beans, corn, and Spanish rice. They taste absolutely fantastic with mashed avocado and a hint of lemon juice!
Categories:
Main Dish
Stuffed Main Dishes
Stuffed Bell Peppers
Vegetarian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
295 calories
2.6
g fat
51.8
g carbohydrates
19.2
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
1116
mg sodium.
