URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/265382/authentic-baja-mexican-street-tacos-carne-asada/
Title:
Authentic Baja-Mexican Street Tacos (Carne Asada) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5506501.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cups fresh orange juice, or more as needed
2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro
2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice
1 teaspoon minced garlic
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 pinch cayenne pepper
3 pounds trimmed skirt steaks
16 (6 inch) white corn tortillas, or as needed
1 white onion, chopped, or to taste
1 small bunch fresh cilantro, chopped, or to taste

Directions:
Combine orange juice, 2 tablespoons cilantro, lime juice, garlic, salt, pepper, cumin, and cayenne in a large freezer bag. Submerge skirt steaks in the marinade. Seal the bag, squeezing out as much air as possible. Refrigerate, 1 to 8 hours.
Preheat a grill to medium-high. Grill the steaks until hot and firm in the center or to your preferred doneness, 6 to 8 minutes per side. Transfer steaks to a flat work surface and slice as thinly as possible against the grain.
Heat corn tortillas on the grill or in a microwave. Keep tortillas warm in a folded sheet of aluminum foil covered by a thick towel.
Add steak to each tortilla and top with white onion and cilantro.

Submitter: 
Wendy H
Description: 
On weekend getaways from San Diego to the beaches in Ensenada and Rosarito (Baja California), I found my favorite meal in the delicious soft skirt steak tacos sold by the taqueria street vendors. This recipe tastes exactly how I remember them - without having to make the trip across the border. Muy bueno! Top with some freshly squeezed lime juice and spicy salsa if you like.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Latin American
Mexican

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
155 calories
4.3
g fat
16.9
g carbohydrates
12.2
g protein
19
mg cholesterol
179
mg sodium.
