URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/265354/gluten-free-fried-green-tomatoes/
Title:
Gluten Free Fried Green Tomatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5439682.jpg
Ingredients:
4 slices Schär Artisan Baker 10 Grains & Seeds Bread
8 ounces cream cheese
2 tablespoons milk
1 pinch garlic powder
2 pinches paprika
1 teaspoon crushed red pepper
2 eggs
1 cup rice flour
4 green tomatoes
Vegetable oil for frying
Salt and pepper

Directions:
Put the cream cheese and milk in a small bowl and heat it in the microwave for 45 seconds until warm. Add the garlic powder, paprika, and crushed red pepper and whisk until smooth. Set aside.
Put the 10 Grains & Seeds Bread into a food processor and pulse into crumbs. Pile the crumbs on a plate and set aside.
Crack the eggs into a shallow dish and beat. Put the rice flour on its own plate.
Cut the tomatoes into 1/4-inch thick slices.
Fill a large skillet with 1/4 inch vegetable oil and heat over medium-high heat. The oil is hot enough to cook the tomatoes when a bread crumb is dropped into it and immediately floats to the surface with rapid bubbles (approximately 370 degrees F).
Coat both sides of a slice of tomato in the rice flour. Dip both sides of the same slice into the egg and then dredge in breadcrumbs, coating both sides. Immediately put into the hot oil. Repeat with another tomato slice.
Fill the skillet with tomatoes but do not overcrowd. Cook each tomato slice for 2 minutes on each side, until browned. Set the cooked tomatoes on a rack to cool.
Spread cream cheese mixture on the top of 1 tomato slice and sandwich with another. Add another layer of cream cheese mixture and top with another tomato slice, salt, and pepper. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Schär Gluten Free
Description: 
This classic summer dish with a Gluten Free twist is perfect for warm nights and those not-quite-ripe tomatoes. Get ready to satisfy and delight your whole family.
Categories:
Side Dish
Vegetables
Tomatoes
Fried Green Tomatoes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
260 calories
13.8
g fat
27.4
g carbohydrates
6.6
g protein
78
mg cholesterol
178
mg sodium.
