URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/265338/birria-de-res-tacos-beef-birria-tacos/
Title:
Birria de Res Tacos (Beef Birria Tacos) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6995745.jpg
Ingredients:
6 dried guajillo chile peppers, seeded
2 dried ancho chiles, stemmed and seeded
4 dried chile de arbol peppers, stemmed and seeded
4 pounds beef chuck roast
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
4 Roma tomatoes
2 tablespoons white vinegar
2 garlic cloves
2 teaspoons ground black pepper
4 whole cloves
1 pinch ground cinnamon
1 pinch ground cumin
1 pinch ground thyme
1 pinch dried marjoram
1 pinch dried oregano
18 corn tortillas
1 large white onion, finely chopped
1 bunch fresh cilantro, chopped

Directions:
Fill a pot with water and bring to a boil. Add guajillo, ancho, and arbol chile peppers; boil for 5 minutes. Remove pot from heat and allow peppers to soak until cool. Drain, reserving 1/4 cup of the water.
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Rinse meat and pat dry with paper towels. Season with salt and pepper. Heat oil in a Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Brown meat on all sides, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat.
Line a heavy cast-iron grill pan or griddle with aluminum foil and place over high heat. Arrange tomatoes in a single layer on top. Grill until tomato skin is burned on all sides and begins to peel, 3 to 5 minutes.
Combine soaked chile peppers, cooked tomatoes, vinegar, garlic, 2 teaspoons black pepper, cloves, cinnamon, cumin, thyme, marjoram, oregano, and salt to taste in a blender. Pour in reserved 1/4 cup of chile water; blend until smooth.
Strain chile sauce through a mesh strainer and pour over the browned meat in the Dutch oven, turning roast so it is completely covered with sauce. Cover the Dutch oven and place in the preheated oven.
Bake, basting meat every 45 minutes with the sauce, until birria begins to fall apart, 3 to 4 hours. Remove lid and bake uncovered until birria is crispy on top, about 20 minutes. Remove from oven, cover with 2 layers of aluminum foil, and allow to rest in a warm area for 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, warm tortillas on a griddle. Fill each tortilla with birria and top with chopped onion and cilantro.

Submitter: 
Crema
Description: 
Authentic Mexican birria tacos, Jalisco style, made with braised beef roast in a fragrant 3-chile sauce with a delicious spice mix.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Latin American
Mexican

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
4 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
739 calories
37
g fat
55.1
g carbohydrates
44.1
g protein
137
mg cholesterol
166
mg sodium.
