URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/265477/red-raspberry-jam-with-lemongrass/
Title:
Red Raspberry Jam with Lemongrass Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
4 pints fresh raspberries
2 lemongrass stalks, cut lengthwise
4 cups white sugar
1 (1.75 ounce) package fruit pectin (such as Sure-Jell® Pectin Light for less or no sugar)

Directions:
Inspect 7 half-pint jars for cracks and rings for rust; discard any defective ones. Immerse in simmering water until jam is ready. Wash new, unused lids and rings in warm soapy water.
Place berries in a large pot and bring to a boil over medium heat until they release their juice. Press all or half of the berries through fine mesh strainer to remove the seeds, if desired. Measure exactly 5 cups raspberry pulp and return to the empty pot.
Add lemongrass and pectin to the pot with the raspberries. Slowly bring mixture to a full rolling boil. Add sugar and stir to dissolve. Return to a full rolling boil on high heat and boil for exactly 1 minute, stirring constantly. Skim off any foam with a ladle or a large spoon. Remove the lemongrass.
Pack raspberry jam into the prepared jars, filling to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a clean knife or thin spatula around the insides of the jars to remove any air bubbles. Wipe rims with a moist paper towel to remove any spills. Top with lids and tightly screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars 2 inches apart into the boiling water using a holder. Pour in more boiling water to cover jars by at least 1 inch. Bring to a rolling boil, cover, and process for 10 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart. Let rest for 24 hours without moving the jars. Gently press the center of each lid with a finger to ensure the lid does not move up or down. Remove the rings for storage and store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
GabiL
Description: 
If you like your raspberry jam seedless, you need more berries. You can also strain only half of the raspberries to remove some of the seeds.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Jams and Jellies

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
56
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
65 calories
0.1
g fat
16.5
g carbohydrates
0.2
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
< 1
mg sodium.
