URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/265476/cherry-berry-jam/
Title:
Cherry-Berry Jam Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
24 ounces fresh sour cherries
1 pint fresh raspberries
10 ounces fresh blueberries
1 (1.75 ounce) package fruit pectin (such as Sure-Jell Premium Fruit Pectin®)
7 cups white sugar

Directions:
Inspect 8 half-pint jars for cracks and rings for rust, discarding any defective ones. Immerse in simmering water until jam is ready. Wash new, unused lids and rings in warm soapy water.
Prepare fruit and measure. Remove pits from cherries and measure 3 cups of pitted sour cherries. Crush raspberries and measure 1 cup crushed raspberries. Mash blueberries and measure 1 cup mashed blueberries.
Combine cherries, raspberries, and blueberries in a large pot. Stir in pectin. Slowly bring to a full rolling boil that does not stop bubbling when stirred. Stir in sugar sugar and stir to dissolve. Return to a full rolling boil on high heat and boil for exactly 1 minute, stirring constantly. Skim off any foam with a ladle or a large spoon.
Ladle cherry berry jam immediately into the prepared jars, filling to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a clean knife or thin spatula around the insides of the jars to remove any air bubbles. Wipe rims with a moist paper towel to remove any spills. Top with lids and tightly screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars 2 inches apart into the boiling water using a holder. Pour in more boiling water to cover jars by at least 1 inch. Bring to a rolling boil, cover, and process for 10 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart. Let rest for 24 hours without moving the jars. Gently press the center of each lid with a finger to ensure the lid does not move up or down. Remove the rings for storage and store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
AnnaLena
Description: 
I like to combine several types of fruit in jam. This summer jam uses sour cherries, raspberries, and blueberries.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Jams and Jellies

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
64
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
94 calories
0.1
g fat
24.3
g carbohydrates
0.2
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
< 1
mg sodium.
