URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/265470/chicken-stir-fry-with-thai-peanut-sauce/
Title:
Chicken Stir-Fry with Thai Peanut Sauce Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
⅔ cup creamy, low-salt peanut butter
1 cup hot water, divided
¼ cup brown sugar
2 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce
2 tablespoons rice vinegar
1 tablespoon red curry paste, or more to taste
¼ cup canola oil, divided
1 ½ pounds boneless chicken breasts, cut into 1/2-inch cubes
1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger
1 tablespoon minced garlic, or more to taste
1 cup broccoli florets
1 large carrot, cut into thick strips
½ cup halved green beans
½ cup sliced zucchini
1 small onion, sliced
½  sweet red pepper, thinly sliced
3  scallions, sliced
½ cup unsalted, dry-roasted peanuts, divided
½ cup chopped fresh cilantro, divided
1  lime, cut into wedges
1 pinch red pepper flakes, or to taste (optional)

Directions:
Whisk peanut butter, 1/3 cup hot water, brown sugar, soy sauce, rice vinegar, and curry paste together in a bowl. Set peanut sauce aside.
Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a deep skillet or large wok over medium-high heat. Add chicken, ginger, and garlic. Saute, stirring constantly, until chicken is no longer pink in the center and juices run clear, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove chicken from skillet and set aside.
Pour 2/3 cup hot water into skillet. Add broccoli, carrot, and green beans. Cover and steam for 2 minutes. Remove vegetables from skillet and reserve steaming liquid in a bowl.
Add 1 tablespoon oil to skillet. Add zucchini, onion, and red pepper; stir-fry for 4 minutes. Return steamed broccoli, carrots, and green beans to the skillet. Add remaining oil, if needed. Continue cooking until vegetables are tender but still crisp, 3 to 5 minutes more. Reduce heat to medium-low.
Return cooked chicken to skillet. Add peanut sauce, scallions, 1/3 cup peanuts, and 1/3 cup cilantro. Stir thoroughly and heat through, 1 to 3 minutes. Add reserved steaming liquid to thin sauce, if necessary.
Garnish with lime wedge and remaining peanuts and cilantro. Sprinkle with red pepper flakes.

Submitter: 
Jeannette
Description: 
This made-from-scratch peanut sauce is thick, rich, and spicy. Serve over rice noodles or steamed jasmine or brown rice with a sweet-and-sour cucumber salad for a refreshing side dish that complements the peanut sauce.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
2 Ratings
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 mins
Ready in:
55 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
527 calories
34.8
g fat
26.4
g carbohydrates
36.4
g protein
65
mg cholesterol
308
mg sodium.
