URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/265409/broccoli-no-cheese-soup/
Title:
Broccoli No-Cheese Soup Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F6267264.jpg
Ingredients:
2 heads broccoli, with stems
4 slices bacon
2  carrots, diced
2 stalks celery, diced
1  onion, diced
2 tablespoons coconut oil
4 cloves garlic, minced
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
6 cups chicken stock
1 (15 ounce) can great Northern beans, drained
1 ½ teaspoons dry mustard
1 teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon cayenne pepper
¼ teaspoon ground black pepper

Directions:
Cut broccoli florets into small pieces and reserve. Dice the stems into pieces.
Place bacon in a stockpot and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain bacon slices on paper towels and reserve the grease in the pot.
Cook broccoli stems, carrots, celery, onion, and coconut oil in the pot over medium heat until softened, about 10 minutes. Add garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add flour; stir for 2 minutes. Pour in stock, beans, mustard, salt, cayenne, and black pepper. Reduce heat to a simmer; cook until flavors blend, about 10 minutes.
Fill blender halfway with the soup. Cover and hold lid down with a potholder; pulse a few times before leaving on to blend until smooth. Pour into another pot. Repeat with remaining soup. Add the reserved broccoli florets and simmer until tender, about 5 minutes. Dice the bacon and sprinkle over soup.

Submitter: 
Stephen Williams
Description: 
If you want a great-tasting broccoli cheese soup that won't require cholesterol medication, try this recipe which cleverly disguises a lot of veggies and tricks the taste buds. If you want, top with shredded cheese at the end. This soup freezes well.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 5 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
226 calories
8.2
g fat
29.6
g carbohydrates
11.6
g protein
6
mg cholesterol
1247
mg sodium.
