URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/265538/homemade-italian-sausage/
Title:
Homemade Italian Sausage Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5470768.jpg
Ingredients:
3 pounds pork shoulder
4 cloves garlic
1 ounce kosher salt, divided
2 tablespoons whole fennel seeds, toasted
1 teaspoon anise seed
2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper
2 teaspoons red pepper flakes
1 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon dried marjoram
1/2 teaspoon ground coriander
1/2 teaspoon ground mustard
1/4 teaspoon ground allspice berries
1 tablespoon white sugar (optional)
2 tablespoons cold water
sausage casing, soaked in water until soft

Directions:
Cut pork shoulder into cubes. Place in a bowl and refrigerate while preparing the other ingredients.
Grind garlic with a pinch of salt in a mortar to make a paste. Add fennel, anise, and black pepper. Bruise spices lightly with a pestle to release the flavors. Add red pepper flakes, cayenne pepper, oregano, marjoram, coriander, mustard, allspice, sugar, and a splash of water. Stir to combine.
Add the spice paste to the pork cubes. Mix thoroughly by hand. Add the remaining salt. Cover and refrigerate until flavors meld, 8 hours to overnight.
Process the cold pork through a meat grinder on the slowest speed.
Push a casing onto the stuffing tube of your meat grinder. Feed the sausage meat through the filling tray. Run the meat through the casing on the slowest speed until all the casing is used up. Tie casing at the end into a knot. Pinch and twist the meat to create links if desired.
Place sausage onto a wire rack set over a sheet pan. Refrigerate uncovered for 24 hours.
Preheat a charcoal grill for medium heat. Separate the links and grill them until browned, about 5 minutes per side.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
One of my earliest and most vivid food memories was when my uncle Bill would make his famous dried Italian sausage every Christmas Eve. They'd be fried after Midnight Mass and served on bread with roasted red peppers. This fresh version was inspired by those. If you can manage not to eat them right away, letting them dry for a day or two really deepens the flavor, and firms up the texture as well, in true Uncle Billy fashion.
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
Italian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h 10 m
Ready in:
1 d 9 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
194 calories
10.4
g fat
4.2
g carbohydrates
20.4
g protein
74
mg cholesterol
1464
mg sodium.
