URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/265690/eggplant-rolls-with-bell-pepper-sauce/
Title:
Eggplant Rolls with Bell Pepper Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5492727.jpg
Ingredients:
4 tablespoons olive oil, divided
1/2 onion, minced
2 red bell peppers, chopped
1/2 cup vegetable broth
salt and pepper to taste
2 eggplant, sliced lengthwise into strips
1 (6 ounce) package mozzarella cheese, cubed
2 firm red tomatoes, finely cubed
1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil, or to taste

Directions:
Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a skillet over high heat. Cook and stir onion until browned, 3 to 5 minutes. Add bell peppers and reduce heat to low. Cook and stir for 5 minutes. Pour in vegetable broth. Cook and stir for 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, heat remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Quickly brown eggplant slices - they should be tender enough to roll easily, but not so tender they break apart.
Transfer cooked red bell pepper mixture to the bowl of a food processor; pulse until smooth. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Combine mozzarella cheese, tomatoes, and basil in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper and mix well.
Lay eggplant slices on a sheet of parchment paper. Spoon a little of the cheese mixture onto 1 end of an eggplant slice and roll up. Place eggplant roll in a casserole dish. Repeat with remaining eggplant and cheese mixture.
Bake in the preheated oven until cheese is melted, about 10 minutes. Remove from oven. Serve with warm bell pepper sauce.

Submitter: 
nt_bella
Description: 
This is a vegetarian, low-carb, Greek-style recipe for rolled eggplant filled with the fresh flavor of mozzarella cheese and served with a fun, vibrant bell pepper sauce. Ideal as a starter for a vegetarian dinner party.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Cheese

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
333 calories
21.1
g fat
25.2
g carbohydrates
14.5
g protein
27
mg cholesterol
369
mg sodium.
