URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/265683/ramen-bowl/
Title:
Ramen Bowl Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5512087.jpg
Ingredients:
Broth Base:
8 cups water
8 cloves garlic, peeled and whole
8 slices fresh ginger root
1/2 medium onion, halved and separated
4 eggs
1 pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste (optional)
Broth Ingredients:
1/2 cup soy sauce
1/4 cup sake
2 tablespoons Thai-style chile sauce
2 teaspoons sesame oil
2 tablespoons white sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
Finishing Touches:
15 ounces dried Japanese-style noodles
12 large shrimp, shelled and deveined, at room temperature
4 large dry sea scallops, halved, at room temperature
1 1/2 cups fresh bean sprouts
1/2 cup sliced scallions

Directions:
Combine water, garlic, ginger, and onion in a large stock pot and bring broth base to a simmer. Reduce heat to maintain an easy simmer for 40 minutes.
While broth simmers, fill a saucepan with water. Bring to a boil and reduce heat to a simmer. Lower eggs into the water 1 at a time. Cook 7 minutes for barely set yolks. Remove eggs from hot water, run under cold water until cool, and peel. Halve eggs lengthwise, place on a plate, and season with salt and pepper.
Fill a large pot with water and bring to a boil in preparation for cooking noodles. Reduce heat to a simmer.
Use a slotted spoon or long-handled strainer to remove garlic, ginger, and onion from the broth in the stock pot after it has simmered 40 minutes. Discard vegetables. Add soy sauce, sake, chile sauce, sesame oil, sugar, and salt and stir well. Cover stock pot loosely and simmer 10 to 20 minutes more.
Return simmering water to a boil. Add noodles and return to a boil. Cook noodles uncovered, stirring occasionally, until noodles are tender yet firm to the bite, 1 to 3 minutes. Drain and divide noodles between 4 large bowls.
Add shrimp and scallops to the simmering broth. Cook until opaque, 3 to 5 minutes.
Ladle finished broth into bowls to barely cover noodles. Add equal amounts of shrimp and 1 scallop to the center of each bowl. Place a portion of bean sprouts on the side of each bowl. Place 2 soft-boiled egg halves, yolks up, resting on noodles in each bowl; keep eggs above the broth. Garnish each bowl with scallions.

Submitter: 
Mantecca
Description: 
Ramen noodle and broth dish inspired by the Japanese classic using ingredients commonly available in American supermarkets. Quite involved, but it has become one of my family's favorites, especially in cooler weather. Slurping is recommended.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
325 calories
10.6
g fat
28.3
g carbohydrates
25.6
g protein
233
mg cholesterol
3656
mg sodium.
