URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/265794/quick-and-easy-cauliflower-crust-personal-pizza/
Title:
Quick and Easy Cauliflower Crust Personal Pizza Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5476379.jpg
Ingredients:
12 ounces frozen cauliflower
1 egg
2 tablespoons shredded mozzarella cheese
1 tablespoon grated Parmesan cheese
1 tablespoon seed blend (such as Badia® Trilogy Health Seeds)
1 teaspoon dried basil
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
Sauce:
2 tablespoons olive oil
2 teaspoons minced garlic
1 teaspoon dried basil
1/4 teaspoon salt
Topping:
1/2 cup shredded mozzarella cheese
2 tablespoons bruschetta sauce
1 1/2 tablespoons crumbled feta cheese

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Cover a pizza pan with parchment paper.
Pour frozen cauliflower into a microwave-safe bowl and heat in the microwave until just thawed, about 1 minute. Place cauliflower in the middle of a thin cloth napkin; twist and squeeze repeatedly to wring out as much moisture as possible. Transfer cauliflower to a food processor. Process until crumbled. Return to the cloth napkin and repeat twisting and squeezing. Transfer cauliflower pulp to a mixing bowl.
Add egg, mozzarella cheese, Parmesan cheese, seed blend, basil, garlic powder, and salt to the bowl with the pulp and stir together. Turn mixture out onto the center of the prepared pizza pan. Form into a ball, then use palms of hands to gradually press into a flat 8-inch circle. Use fingertips to create a smooth, slightly thicker outer edge.
Bake in the preheated oven on the center rack until top begins to turn golden brown, 16 to 17 minutes. Remove from oven and use a spatula to loosen paper. Flip crust and return to oven until golden, 5 to 6 minutes more.
Combine olive oil, garlic, basil, and salt in a bowl. Spread sauce on top of baked crust. Top sauce with mozzarella cheese, bruschetta sauce, and feta cheese. Return pizza to the oven until cheese is bubbly, 3 to 5 minutes more.

Submitter: 
Amy Bean
Description: 
A convenient, quick, low-cost way to whip up a yummy cauliflower pizza (or flatbread) for one. Buy inexpensive frozen cauliflower when on sale and thaw as needed to make a single crust. Uses just a few ingredients I always have on hand. The seeds are carried in the health section of grocery stores, even in my small town. You could leave them out, but I recommend them for added nutrition-especially  iron, fiber, and protein.
Categories:
Bread
Pizza Dough and Crusts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3.75
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
704 calories
51.3
g fat
30.6
g carbohydrates
36.2
g protein
226
mg cholesterol
2040
mg sodium.
