URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/265826/make-ahead-healthy-egg-and-cheese-pancake-sandwiches-/
Title:
Make-Ahead Healthy Egg and Cheese Pancake Sandwiches  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/2070467.jpg
Ingredients:
Eggs:
20 egg whites
4 eggs
1/3 cup milk
salt to taste
12 slices low-fat Cheddar cheese
Pancakes:
2 teaspoons baking powder
2 teaspoons whole wheat flour
2 teaspoons salt
4 eggs
1/2 cup sugar-free pancake and waffle syrup or light pancake and waffle syrup
1/4 cup granular sucralose sweetener (such as Splenda®)
3 tablespoons melted butter
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 quart milk
cooking spray

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Lightly grease a jumbo muffin tin.
Scramble egg whites, 4 eggs, 1/3 cup milk, and salt to taste in a bowl until light and fluffy. Fill each muffin tin compartment 1/2 full with egg mixture. Cover with aluminum foil.
Bake in the preheated oven until eggs are set, about 25 minutes.
Transfer eggs to a clean surface and immediately place 1 slice Cheddar cheese on each so they melt.
Mix baking powder, flour, and 2 teaspoons salt together in a large bowl.
Mix 4 eggs, syrup, sweetener, melted butter, and vanilla extract together in a bowl. Pour into the bowl with the baking powder mixture, adding 1 quart milk as you mix. Stir until pancake batter is the consistency of melted peanut butter.
Heat a griddle over medium heat and lightly coat with cooking spray. Pour approximately 1/4 cup batter onto the griddle, swirling the spoon to create a circular shape. Cook until bubbles form on the surface, 1 to 3 minutes. Flip only once and cook about 30 seconds more. Remove from griddle. Repeat with remaining batter.
Allow all ingredients to coo. Make sandwiches using 2 pancakes as the bun and an egg and cheese portion in the center. Wrap each sandwich individually in plastic wrap. Place sandwiches in a resealable plastic freezer bag and store in the freezer.

Submitter: 
Lene Marie Dotzler
Description: 
Make these ahead of time, wrap, and freeze them individually, and heat them up for an alternative to a McGriddle® sandwich any time you need a quick meal. They're super yummy. Reheating will vary based on microwave, but will involve using less than 50% power.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Eggs
Breakfast Sandwiches

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
192 calories
9.5
g fat
6
g carbohydrates
19.7
g protein
130
mg cholesterol
845
mg sodium.
