URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/265855/strawberry-mango-ice-cream-with-fresh-spearmint/
Title:
Strawberry-Mango Ice Cream with Fresh Spearmint Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5506686.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cups half-and-half
1 cup white sugar
3 egg yolks
1/2 tablespoon chopped fresh spearmint
1 teaspoon coconut extract
2 cups sliced fresh strawberries, pureed
1 medium mango, pureed

Directions:
Pour half-and-half into a medium saucepan and place over medium heat. Add sugar and stir until dissolved. Continue to heat until half-and-half is hot, but do not let it come to a boil.
Whisk egg yolks in a small bowl until pale yellow.
Slowly add about 1 cup of the half-and-half mixture to the egg yolks, whisking constantly. Repeat with another cup. Pour the egg yolk mixture into the saucepan with the remaining half-and-half mixture and cook over medium heat until the mixture thickens and coats the back of a spoon. Do not let the mixture boil.
Remove from heat and stir in spearmint and coconut extract. Pour mixture into a bowl with a pour spout and let cool for 30 minutes. Refrigerate, 8 hours to overnight.
Pour 1/2 of the mixture into an ice cream maker and churn to the consistency of soft-serve. Add strawberry puree. Continue to churn until ice cream has thickened. Transfer ice cream to a bowl and clean out the ice cream maker with a rubber spatula. Place strawberry ice cream in the freezer.
Pour the remaining ice cream base into the ice cream maker and churn to the consistency of soft-serve. Add mango puree. Continue to churn until the ice cream has thickened.
Remove strawberry ice cream from the freezer. Place a large scoop of strawberry ice cream in a 9-inch loaf pan using 2 large spoons. Top with a large scoop of mango ice cream. Fill up the loaf pan, continuing to alternate flavors. Cover with plastic wrap and place into the freezer for a minimum of 4 hours.

Submitter: 
Kim's Cooking Now
Description: 
Inspired by The Mastercard (a frozen strawberry-mango concoction that is served on Royal Caribbean® cruise ships), this ice cream transports you immediately to the tropics, with a surprise of fresh spearmint!
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Strawberry Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
14 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
266 calories
12.3
g fat
36.7
g carbohydrates
4.1
g protein
110
mg cholesterol
41
mg sodium.
