URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/265913/caramelized-onion-and-goat-cheese-chicken/
Title:
Caramelized Onion and Goat Cheese Chicken Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
4 (6 ounce) skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
cooking spray
kosher salt and cracked black pepper to taste
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 cup thinly sliced Spanish onion
2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar
½ (4 ounce) log crumbled goat cheese
½ teaspoon lemon zest
½ teaspoon lavender flowers
1 tablespoon honey, or to taste

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Preheat a grill for high heat and lightly oil the grate. Spray chicken breasts with cooking spray and season with salt and pepper. Grill chicken until grill marks appear on the outsides, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer to the lined baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven for 10 minutes. Remove chicken, set aside, and increase oven temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Heat a flat-bottomed skillet over medium-high heat. Add vegetable oil and onion. Cook, stirring often, until onion begins to brown, 5 minutes. Reduce heat to low and continue cooking and stirring until onion is very tender and dark brown, about 25 minutes more.
Season onion with salt and add vinegar; cook until vinegar absorbed, about 3 minutes. Top chicken with the onions. Crumble goat cheese on top and sprinkle with lemon zest and lavender. Drizzle honey on top.
Return chicken to the oven and bake until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of the chicken reads 165 F (74 degrees C) and goat cheese is lightly toasted, 8 to 10 minutes more.

Submitter: 
YOLANDA
Description: 
Rustic lavender-scented goat cheese and caramelized onion-topped chicken. Goes great with some classic Nicoise-style roasted vegetables and rice pilaf.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 10 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
338 calories
15.2
g fat
9.6
g carbohydrates
38.9
g protein
108
mg cholesterol
261
mg sodium.
