URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/265986/elote-bowl-with-grilled-pineapple/
Title:
Elote Bowl with Grilled Pineapple Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5582416.jpg
Ingredients:
1 medium fresh pineapple, peeled and cut into 1/2 inch slices
2 ears corn, husks and silks removed
1 tablespoon vegetable oil, or more as needed
2 cups cooked brown rice
2 tablespoons crema Mexicana (Mexican cream)
2 dashes hot sauce, or to taste
2 tablespoons crumbled cotija cheese
1 bunch fresh cilantro
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 lime, cut in wedges

Directions:
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate.
Brush pineapple and corn with oil and place carefully on the grill. Cook pineapple until grill marks appear, about 3 minutes. Flip and leave on heat just until grill marks appear on the second side, about 3 minutes more; do not overcook, as pineapple will become mushy.
Grill corn, turning throughout, until somewhat charred, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from grill and cool until safe too handle. Cut kernels off cobs into a bowl.
Assemble 2 bowls by spooning equal amounts of rice into the bottom and topping each with 1/2 the roasted corn kernels. Spoon crema over over corn and drizzle with hot sauce. Add 2 to 3 pineapple rings to each bowl and top with cotija cheese and cilantro. Add salt and pepper and a squeeze of lime juice.

Submitter: 
BG
Description: 
This recipe turns one of my favorite street foods into a delicious meal and is a strong contender for my family's favorite 'meatless Monday' dish. The mix of sweet, spicy, and savory flavors turn an ordinary weeknight into a fiesta. Additional garnishes, if desired, include black beans, avocado, pico de gallo, fresh tomato salsa, chipotle salsa, salsa verde, jalapenos or green chile, roasted/sliced poblano pepper, or lemon pepper.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Latin American
Mexican

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
817 calories
20.4
g fat
158.1
g carbohydrates
15.5
g protein
35
mg cholesterol
305
mg sodium.
