URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/265991/sour-cherry-lavender-jelly/
Title:
Sour Cherry Lavender Jelly Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5530666.jpg
Ingredients:
2 1/2 cups white sugar, divided
1 teaspoon dried lavender blossoms
4 1/2 cups homemade sour cherry juice
1/2 cup water
1 (1.75 ounce) package fruit pectin (such as Sure-Jell® Pectin Light for less or no sugar)
4 sprigs lavender, dry

Directions:
Inspect 4 small canning jars for cracks and rings for rust, discarding any defective ones. Immerse in simmering water until jam is ready. Wash new, unused lids and rings in warm soapy water.
Combine 1/2 cup sugar and lavender blossoms in the bowl of a food processor; pulse until lavender blossoms are finely chopped and sugar has a light lavender fragrance. Mix fragrant sugar and cherry juice together in a bowl and stir to dissolve. Strain out larger lavender bits  through a fine sieve into a large pot. Stir in pectin.
Slowly bring cherry juice mixture to a full rolling boil over medium-high heat that does not stop bubbling when stirred. Stir in remaining sugar and return to full rolling boil. Boil for exactly 1 minute, stirring constantly. Remove from heat. Skim off any foam with metal spoon.
Ladle jelly immediately into prepared jars and add a small lavender sprig to each glass, filling to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a clean knife or thin spatula around the insides of the jars to remove any air bubbles. Wipe rims with a moist paper towel to remove any spills. Top with lids and tightly screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars 2 inches apart into the boiling water using a holder. Pour in more boiling water to cover jars by at least 1 inch. Bring to a rolling boil, cover, and process for 10 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and place onto a cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart. Let rest for 24 hours without moving the jars. Gently press the center of each lid with a finger to ensure the lid does not move up or down. Remove the rings for storage and store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
nch
Description: 
Depending on what type of culinary lavender you use, 1 teaspoon can already give the jelly a pretty intense flavor, so be careful not to add to much.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Jams and Jellies

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1 d 15 m
Number of servings: 
40
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
65 calories
0
g fat
16.8
g carbohydrates
0
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
3
mg sodium.
