URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/266009/pressure-cooker-sambar-indian-lentil-curry/
Title:
Pressure Cooker Sambar (Indian Lentil Curry) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
6 1/2 cups water, divided
1 cup yellow lentils (tur daal)
1 cup chopped eggplant
1 teaspoon turmeric powder
salt to taste
1 tablespoon tamarind paste
2 teaspoons ground red chile powder
1 teaspoon vegetable oil, or as needed
1 whole dried red chile
4 curry leaves, or more to taste
1 teaspoon whole cumin seeds
1 teaspoon mustard seeds
1 pinch asafoetida powder

Directions:
Combine 4 cups water, lentils, eggplant, turmeric, and salt in a pressure cooker. Close cooker securely and place pressure regulator over vent according to manufacturer's instructions. Heat until steam escapes in a steady flow and makes a whistling sound, about 10 minutes. Adjust temperature until regulator is gently rocking. Cook for 3 minutes and remove from heat. Let pressure release naturally according to manufacturer's instructions, 5 to 10 minutes. Unlock lid and remove.
Add remaining 2 1/2 cups water, tamarind paste, and chile powder to the pressure cooker. Close cooker securely and place pressure regulator over vent according to manufacturer's instructions. Heat until steam escapes in a steady flow and makes a whistling sound, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat. Let pressure release naturally according to manufacturer's instructions, 5 to 10 minutes. Unlock lid and remove.
Combine oil, dried chile, curry leaves, cumin seeds, mustard seeds, and asafoetida powder in a small saucepan over low heat. Cook until spices begin to sputter a bit, about 1 minute. Transfer spice mixture to the pressure cooker with the lentils. Season with salt.

Submitter: 
Ambika
Description: 
An absolutely yummy, heart-friendly version of sambar (sambhar), an Indian lentil curry that contains a lot of fiber and very little oil, made in the pressure cooker. Serve hot with steamed rice.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Indian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
238 calories
2.4
g fat
41
g carbohydrates
14.8
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
47
mg sodium.
