URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/266006/gluten-free-spicy-sesame-peanut-noodles/
Title:
Gluten-Free Spicy Sesame-Peanut Noodles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6774889.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound gluten-free brown rice noodles
4 tablespoons sesame oil, divided
1 (16 ounce) package extra-firm tofu
2 teaspoons grapeseed oil, divided, or as needed
1/2 cup natural peanut butter
5 tablespoons wheat-free tamari
3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar
2 tablespoons agave nectar, or more to taste
3 cloves garlic
1 tablespoon hot water
1 tablespoon minced ginger
1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes
1/2 cup thinly sliced red cabbage
1/2 cup thinly sliced green cabbage
1 cucumber, cut into matchsticks
1 large carrot, cut into matchsticks
2 scallions, sliced

Directions:
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil; stir in rice noodles and return to a boil. Cook until tender yet firm to the bite, 3 to 5 minutes. Drain. Run cold water over noodles until cool enough to handle. Drain again and transfer to a large bowl. Add 2 tablespoons sesame oil and toss to coat.
Place tofu onto a plate and place another plate on top. Set a 3- to 5-pound weight on top. Press tofu for 20 to 30 minutes; drain and discard the accumulated liquid. Slice tofu into approximately ten 1/2-inch slices.
Heat 1 teaspoon grapeseed oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Saute tofu slices until crisp on each side, flipping halfway through, 5 to 7 minutes total. Transfer to a cutting board and chop into cubes.
Combine remaining 2 tablespoons sesame oil, peanut butter, tamari, vinegar, agave, garlic, hot water, ginger, and red pepper flakes in the bowl of a food processor. Blend sauce until smooth.
Heat remaining 1 teaspoon grapeseed oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add red cabbage and green cabbage. Stir-fry for 2 minutes and remove from heat.
Add cooked tofu and stir-fried cabbage to the bowl with the noodles. Pour in 1/2 cup sauce and toss to coat. Add more sauce as desired; thin sauce with additional hot water 1 tablespoon at a time, if necessary.
Top with cucumber, carrot, and scallions. Drizzle additional sauce over entire dish as desired.

Submitter: 
Anna Fargo
Description: 
I love peanut sauce, it can go with just about all meats and vegetables. Here is my favorite recipe using tofu, vegetables, and gluten-free noodles. Perfect for Meatless Monday...
Categories:
Pasta and Noodles
Noodles

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
618 calories
26.1
g fat
80.6
g carbohydrates
16.6
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
1051
mg sodium.
