URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/266133/saffron-risotto-in-the-pressure-cooker/
Title:
Saffron Risotto in the Pressure Cooker Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5635567.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pinch saffron
1/3 cup hot water
4 tablespoons butter, divided
1 small shallot, finely chopped
1 1/2 cups Arborio rice
3/4 cup dry white wine
3 1/4 cups boiling vegetable stock
1/3 cup grated Parmesan cheese
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese, or to taste

Directions:
Soak saffron threads in hot water in a bowl.
Melt 3 tablespoons butter in a pressure cooker over low heat. Cook and stir shallot until soft, about 3 minutes. Add rice; cook and stir for a few minutes until rice has absorbed butter and is toasted, about 3 minutes. Pour in wine and allow alcohol to cook off, about 1 minute. Add boiling stock all at once and stir. Close cooker securely and place pressure regulator over vent according to manufacturer's instructions. Increase heat to high. Heat until steam escapes in a steady flow and makes a whistling sound. Reduce heat to low and cook for 4 minutes.
Remove cooker from heat and release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Carefully open once pressure is completely released and stir well. Stir in saffron, remaining 1 tablespoon butter, Parmesan cheese, salt, and pepper.
Let risotto rest for 3 minutes in order to expand, soak up the stock, and absorb flavor. Serve in warmed bowls with extra grated Parmesan cheese.

Submitter: 
FrancescaM
Description: 
In Italy, this is known as 'risotto alla Milanese,' 'risotto giallo,' or 'risotto allo zafferano.' Whatever you call it, it is the king of risottos, the simplest yet best known of all. The traditional preparation requires 20 minutes of stirring and cooking, but I managed to learn how to prepare it in the pressure cooker. I swear, you won't notice the difference! I have provided further tips for all your pressure cooker risottos in the notes at the end of the recipe.
Categories:
Main Dish
Rice
Risotto

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
523 calories
15.3
g fat
75.2
g carbohydrates
11.3
g protein
41
mg cholesterol
677
mg sodium.
