URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/266180/pressure-cooker-pot-roast-/
Title:
Pressure Cooker Pot Roast  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 (5 pound) boneless beef chuck roast
2 tablespoons browning sauce (such as Kitchen Bouquet®)
2 tablespoons olive oil
4 cups hot water
1 cup red wine
4 cubes beef bouillon
1 (1 ounce) package dry onion soup mix (such as Lipton®)
1 onion, quartered
2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce
5 large potatoes, cut into 1-inch cubes
3 carrots, chopped
1 cup pearl onions
salt and ground black pepper to taste
3 tablespoons water, or as needed
1 teaspoon cornstarch, or as needed

Directions:
Place roast in a bowl and rub browning sauce over the surface.
Heat oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add roast and cook until browned on all sides, about 8 minutes. Transfer to an electric pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)). Combine water, wine, and bouillon in a bowl and add to pressure cooker. Sprinkle soup mix on top. Add onion and Worcestershire sauce.
Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 45 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid.
Add potatoes, carrots, and pearl onions, making sure not to overfill pressure cooker. Stir to coat in liquid. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 10 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Transfer roast and vegetables to a serving platter.
Combine water and cornstarch in a bowl; pour into juices in the pressure cooker. Select Saute function and boil until thickened, about 5 minutes. Season gravy with salt and pepper and serve alongside roast and vegetables.

Submitter: 
AllieGeekPi
Description: 
Two-stage pressure cooker pot roast.
Categories:
Main Dish
Beef
Pot Roast

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
472 calories
23.8
g fat
34.6
g carbohydrates
25.9
g protein
86
mg cholesterol
615
mg sodium.
