URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/266336/apple-pie-jelly/
Title:
Apple Pie Jelly Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5617262.jpg
Ingredients:
4 cups bottled apple juice
1 tablespoon pure maple syrup
3 teaspoons ground cinnamon
1 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1 (1.75 ounce) package dry pectin
5 cups white sugar

Directions:
Inspect 6 half-pint jars for cracks and rings for rust, discarding any defective ones. Immerse in simmering water until jelly is ready. Wash new, unused lids and rings in warm soapy water.
Place apple juice, maple syrup, cinnamon, and nutmeg in a heavy saucepan. Add pectin; bring juice to a rolling boil over high heat until pectin is dissolved. Slowly stir in sugar and bring mixture back to a rolling boil over high heat. Boil for 1 full minute.
Remove mixture from heat and skim off foam with a metal spoon.
Wipe jars dry and fill with apple jelly. Run a clean knife or thin spatula around the insides of the jars to remove any air bubbles. Wipe rims with a moist paper towel to remove any spills. Top with lids and screw rings on tightly.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars 2 inches apart into the boiling water using a holder. Pour in more boiling water to cover jars by at least 1 inch. Bring to a rolling boil, cover, and process for 15 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and let rest, several inches apart, 12 to 24 hours. Press the center of each lid with a finger to ensure the lid does not move up or down. Remove the rings for storage and store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
robbybaby
Description: 
With all the flavor of mom's apple pie, this jelly is easy to make and fun to eat! It's so versatile! Makes a perfect layer on top of your cheesecake. Mix it with sour cream and cream cheese for a tasty dip. It's also a tasty ice cream topping.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Jams and Jellies

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
2.5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
12 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
48
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
92 calories
0
g fat
23.7
g carbohydrates
0
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
< 1
mg sodium.
