URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/266341/marinated-chanterelle-mushroom-canapes-/
Title:
Marinated Chanterelle Mushroom Canapes  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 teaspoon olive oil, or as needed
2 pounds chanterelle mushrooms, cleaned and chopped
1 teaspoon salt
1 leek, thinly sliced
1/2 yellow onion, thinly sliced
1 small carrot, thinly sliced
1/2 stalk celery, thinly sliced
1 clove garlic, minced
1 bay leaf
1 sprig thyme
1 teaspoon ground coriander
3 tablespoons sherry vinegar
1/3 cup chicken stock
3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
2 French baguettes, sliced into 1/2-inch rounds
1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil
1 teaspoon lemon juice, or to taste
salt and pepper to taste
2 tablespoons olive oil

Directions:
Heat 1 teaspoon olive oil in a large pan over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms and salt. Saute until most of the water released from the mushrooms has evaporated, about 10 minutes. Transfer mushrooms to a bowl, reserving oil in the pan.
Add leek, onion, carrot, and celery and reduce heat to medium. Cook and stir until vegetables are golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Add garlic, bay leaf, thyme, and coriander. Return mushrooms to the pan; cook and stir for 3 minutes. Add vinegar and cook 1 minute. Add stock and bring to a simmer for 1 more minute. Transfer contents of pan to a heat-resistant bowl and add 1/3 cup olive oil. Let sit 2 hours. Season with lemon juice, salt, and pepper.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lay baguette slices on a baking sheet. Brush lightly with olive oil and season with salt.
Bake in the preheated oven until golden, turning once, about 8 minutes per side.
Lay toasted bread on a plate and spoon marinated mushrooms on top.

Submitter: 
MarxFoods
Description: 
Marinated chanterelle mushroom canapes make an easy and delicious appetizer for any party! Feel free to use other wild mushrooms like hedgehogs, porcini, black trumpets, or a mix.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Vegetable
Mushrooms

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
3 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
288 calories
10
g fat
39.4
g carbohydrates
8.8
g protein
< 1
mg cholesterol
618
mg sodium.
