URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/266320/buddhist-monk-dumplings-/
Title:
Buddhist Monk Dumplings  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5762698.jpg
Ingredients:
1 potato
2 teaspoons vegetable oil
1 tablespoon mustard seed
1/4 teaspoon cumin seeds
2 carrots, finely diced
1 onion, finely chopped
1 green chile, finely chopped
1 clove garlic, finely chopped
1 teaspoon ground turmeric
1 teaspoon grated ginger
1/2 cup finely shredded cabbage
1/4 (14 ounce) package firm tofu, crumbled
1/2 cup water
1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro
1 teaspoon garam masala
salt to taste
Pastry:
3 cups all-purpose flour
1 cup water
1 pinch salt

Directions:
Place potato into a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain and mash. Set aside to cool.
Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add mustard seeds and cumin seeds and stir. Add carrots, onion, green chile, garlic, turmeric, and ginger. Cook and stir for 1 minute. Add mashed potato, cabbage, and tofu and stir again. Add water and cilantro; cook and stir until vegetables are soft and water is dried up, 7 to 8 minutes. Add garam masala and salt and stir well. Remove from heat and set aside to cool.
Mix flour, water, and salt together in a bowl. Knead into a ball; continue kneading until dough is very soft, 10 to 12 minutes. Wrap and rest for at least 1 hour.
Take a knob of dough and roll out into small round, about 4 inches in diameter. Spoon a heaped teaspoon of filling in the center and moisten the edge with a little water. Press edges together, overlapping the top slightly to form a pleat, and continue to create a half-moon shape with little pleats all around the edge. Repeat with remaining dough and filling.
Fit a large pan with a steamer basket and add about 2 inches of water. Bring to a boil. Add dumplings and steam until swollen and cooked through, about 15 minutes.

Submitter: 
BuddhistChef
Description: 
Enjoy homemade vegan dumplings including pastry from scratch and filled with tofu plus a variety of vegetables, herbs, and spices. Serve with tomato chutney.
Categories:
Main Dish
Dumplings

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
2 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
188 calories
2.2
g fat
36.2
g carbohydrates
5.8
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
46
mg sodium.
