URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/266334/lemon-jalapeno-marinated-mussels/
Title:
Lemon Jalapeno Marinated Mussels Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5548885.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon olive oil
1/2 onion, finely diced
1 pinch salt
2 pounds black mussels - scrubbed, de-bearded, and drained
For the Marinade:
1 teaspoon lemon zest
2 tablespoons diced jalapeno pepper
1/2 lemon, juiced
2 tablespoons Champagne vinegar
1/4 cup olive oil, or more to taste

Directions:
Heat olive oil in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion and salt. Cook and stir until onion starts to sizzle, 1 to 2 minutes. Add mussels and cook, covered, until mussels start to open, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer mussels to a bowl. Let cool until easy to handle.
Separate mussels from shells into a bowl, reserving the shells and juices. Keep mussels refrigerated while preparing the marinade.
Pour the reserved accumulated juices back into the saucepan. Cook on medium-high heat until reduced to a glaze, 1 to 2 minutes. Press glaze through a mesh strainer into a bowl to remove any grit.
Add lemon zest, jalapeno, lemon juice, and Champagne vinegar. Whisk in oil. Spoon dressing over the mussels. Press plastic wrap down on top and marinate in the refrigerator, 2 to 8 hours.
Arrange shells on a paper towel-lined plate. Fill shells with the mussels and spoon the dressing evenly on top.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
My favorite way to enjoy mussels during hot-weather months? Chilled and marinated! No matter how you dress these mussels, you'll want to follow the same basic technique. By cooking them with a minimum of moisture, and then reducing the liquids for the base of our marinade, we get an even more intense flavor, as well as an extra little kick of salinity. Garnish with a slice or two of red Fresno chile if desired.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Seafood

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
2 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
233 calories
12.4
g fat
8.3
g carbohydrates
21.3
g protein
50
mg cholesterol
347
mg sodium.
