URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/266310/mexican-style-air-fryer-stuffed-chicken-breasts/
Title:
Mexican-Style Air Fryer Stuffed Chicken Breasts Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F5550330.jpg
Ingredients:
4  extra-long toothpicks
4 teaspoons chili powder, divided
4 teaspoons ground cumin, divided
1  skinless, boneless chicken breast
2 teaspoons chipotle flakes
2 teaspoons Mexican oregano
salt and ground black pepper to taste
½  red bell pepper, sliced into thin strips
½  onion, sliced into thin strips
1  fresh jalapeno pepper, sliced into thin strips
2 teaspoons corn oil
½  lime, juiced

Directions:
Place toothpicks in a small bowl and cover with water; let them soak to keep them from burning while cooking.
Mix 2 teaspoons chili powder and 2 teaspoons cumin in a shallow dish.
Preheat an air fryer to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Place chicken breast on a flat work surface. Slice horizontally through the middle. Pound each half using a kitchen mallet or rolling pin until about 1/4-inch thick.
Sprinkle each breast half equally with remaining chili powder, remaining cumin, chipotle flakes, oregano, salt, and pepper. Place 1/2 the bell pepper, onion, and jalapeno in the center of 1 breast half. Roll the chicken from the tapered end upward and use 2 toothpicks to secure. Repeat with other breast, spices, and vegetables and secure with remaining toothpicks. Roll each roll-up in the chili-cumin mixture in the shallow dish while drizzling with olive oil until evenly covered.
Place roll-ups in the air-fryer basket with the toothpick side facing up. Set timer for 6 minutes.
Turn roll-ups over. Continue cooking in the air fryer until juices run clear and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center reads at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C), about 5 minutes more.
Drizzle lime juice evenly on roll-ups before serving.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Vegetables and spices are rolled up in chicken breasts and air fried for a quick and easy dinner perfect for a busy weeknight. Just over 10 minutes in the air fryer gives you juicy, tender chicken breasts filled with spicy veggies. Serve with fresh pico de gallo and tortillas.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
6 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.17
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
30 mins
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
185 calories
8.5
g fat
15.2
g carbohydrates
14.8
g protein
32
mg cholesterol
171
mg sodium.
