URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/266333/babushkas-slow-cooker-root-vegetable-and-chicken-stew/
Title:
Babushka's Slow Cooker Root Vegetable and Chicken Stew Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/1078091.jpg
Ingredients:
2 ½ pounds skin-on, bone-in chicken thighs
1  yellow onion, coarsely chopped
1  red onion, coarsely chopped
4 stalks celery with some leaves, coarsely chopped
4 medium red potatoes - peeled, halved, and cubed
1  rutabaga - peeled, halved, and cubed
2 medium turnips - peeled, halved, and cubed
2 medium carrots, peeled and sliced
1 ½ cups cremini mushrooms, coarsely chopped
4 cloves garlic, peeled and crushed
2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon herbes de Provence
1 teaspoon onion powder
1 teaspoon garlic powder
freshly ground black pepper
1 (32 fluid ounce) container vegetable broth

Directions:
Heat a saute pan over medium-low heat. Cook chicken thighs in batches just until skin starts to brown, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Don't overcook; the meat should still be pink and raw on the inside. Set chicken aside in a bowl, reserving juices in the pan.
Saute onion and celery in the pan until turning translucent and browning at the edges, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl.
Add potatoes, rutabaga, turnips, carrots, mushrooms, and garlic to the onion-celery mixture. Sprinkle salt, herbes de Provence, onion powder, garlic powder, and pepper on top. Stir and mix vegetables until coated.
Place 1/2 of the vegetable mixture in a slow cooker. Add 1/2 of the chicken. Layer remaining vegetables and chicken on top. Pour vegetable broth over the mixture in the slow cooker.
Cook on Low for 7 hours, gently stirring every few hours if desired.
Use tongs to remove chicken from the stew. Let cool. Separate skin and bones from the meat and shred meat. Stir meat back into the slow cooker.

Submitter: 
Alarowitz
Description: 
This is a really tasty, mostly hands-off recipe, great for using holiday leftovers and a good hearty meal. Freeze leftovers for a later date.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 mins
Ready in:
8 hrs
Number of servings: 
10 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
296 calories
11.8
g fat
26.2
g carbohydrates
21.4
g protein
64
mg cholesterol
756
mg sodium.
