URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/266342/keto-stuffed-chicken-breast-recipe/
Title:
Keto Stuffed Chicken Breast Recipe Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F4589802.jpg
Ingredients:
1 ½ cups basil leaves
⅓ cup olive oil
2 tablespoons pine nuts
2 cloves garlic, roughly chopped
½  lemon, zested and juiced
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
½ head cauliflower, broken into florets
1 tablespoon garlic powder
1 pinch cayenne pepper
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
2  chicken breasts
3 tablespoons coconut oil

Directions:
Combine basil, olive oil, pine nuts, garlic, lemon zest, lemon juice, salt, and pepper in a blender. Process until well blended. Transfer pesto to a container and store in the refrigerator until needed.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place cauliflower in a steamer insert inside a saucepan filled with 1 inch of water. Cover saucepan, bring to a boil, and steam cauliflower until tender, 5 to 10 minutes. Transfer cooked cauliflower to the blender; add 2 tablespoons of pesto and blend.
Mix garlic powder, cayenne, salt, and pepper together in a small bowl. Place chicken on a work surface and rub spice mixture equally into breasts.
Make a deep cut in the side of each breast to create an opening for stuffing. Heat coconut oil in a skillet over medium heat. Fry chicken on both sides until slightly browned, about 5 minutes total.
Return chicken to the work surface and let cool until safe to handle. Spoon pesto-cauliflower mixture into the pocket of each breast and place on a rimmed baking tray.
Bake in the preheated oven until chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 20 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).

Submitter: 
Keto Summit
Description: 
Chicken is always a go-to when looking for something simple, but it can be fancy, too. Show off your cooking chops with this scrumptious (and easy) stuffed chicken. Our ketogenic pesto recipe adds delectable amounts of flavor to this dish and is sure to impress.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
55 mins
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
736 calories
64
g fat
16.8
g carbohydrates
30.7
g protein
65
mg cholesterol
259
mg sodium.
