URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/266438/dragon-fruit-cake/
Title:
Dragon Fruit Cake Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F5569320.jpg
Ingredients:
1  dragon fruit, peeled and cubed
1 ½ cups cake flour
1 ½ cups all-purpose flour
1 ½ cups white sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
¾ tablespoon salt
1 ½ cups white sugar
1 cup butter, softened
4  eggs
¾ cup milk
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 teaspoon almond extract
2 tablespoons simple syrup, or to taste (optional)
4 ounces cream cheese, softened
2 tablespoons butter, softened
1 ¾ cups sifted confectioners' sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 (16 ounce) package vanilla buttercream frosting

Directions:
Place dragon fruit flesh in a blender or food processor and puree. Transfer puree to a bowl and set aside.
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease and flour two 8-inch cake pans.
Sift cake flour, all-purpose flour, 1 1/2 cups sugar, baking powder, and salt together in a bowl.
Cream 1 1/2 cups sugar and 1 cup butter together in a large bowl until pale and fluffy. Add eggs 1 at a time; beat until yolks disappear.
Combine milk, vanilla extract, and almond extract together in a cup and set aside.
Add 1/2 the flour mixture to the creamed butter mixture, beating until just combined. Add 1/2 the milk mixture. Add remaining flour mixture and beat until just combined. Add remaining milk mixture and stir until mixed thoroughly. Add 1/2 cup dragon fruit puree and very lightly swirl into the cake batter.
Divide batter evenly between the prepared cake pans.
Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center of a cake comes out clean, about 35 minutes.
Let cakes cool in the pans for 10 minutes; turn out onto wax-paper lined racks and cool 5 minutes more. Brush tops and sides of cakes with simple syrup.
While cakes are cooling completely, beat cream cheese and butter together in a bowl until smooth. Add confectioners' sugar slowly and beat 3 minutes more. Add vanilla and 2 tablespoons dragon fruit puree, beating until combined and puree is completely incorporated.
Place one cake layer top-side up on a serving plate; place strips of waxed paper under the edges of the cake to keep the plate clean. Spread approximately 1/2 the vanilla buttercream frosting on top. Top with the second layer, bottom-side up, and lightly frost the top and sides with remaining vanilla buttercream frosting.
Apply dragon fruit cream cheese icing to the top and sides of the cake, leaving some of the vanilla buttercream frosting showing through.

Submitter: 
Sandra Garth
Description: 
Dragon fruit won't win any awards for what it looks like on the outside, but the inside is a beauty. The magenta flesh is dotted with tiny black seeds. Some varieties have white flesh with black seeds. It's not very sweet, but has a nice texture. Dragon fruit, also called pitaya, is a cactus species. I used the juice to make a puree to swirl into the cake batter. Then I used more of it to make icing for the cake.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 20 mins
Number of servings: 
15 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
934 calories
34.8
g fat
150.2
g carbohydrates
7.7
g protein
134
mg cholesterol
923
mg sodium.
