URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/266468/swordfish-over-ginger-hot-and-sour-soba-soup/
Title:
Swordfish over Ginger Hot and Sour Soba Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3503794.jpg
Ingredients:
4 cups water
2 (6 ounce) swordfish steaks
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
2 tablespoons reduced-sodium vegetable bouillon
1 medium lime, juiced, divided
1 cup shredded carrots
1 cup bean sprouts
2 tablespoons reduced-sodium soy sauce
4 green onions, chopped
1 red jalapeno pepper, seeded and diced, or to taste
1 stalk lemongrass, split lengthwise
5 sprigs cilantro, stemmed and roughly chopped
1 tablespoon minced garlic, divided
1 ounce finely chopped ginger
2 tablespoons olive oil, divided
5 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and sliced
2 heads baby bok choy, cut into 1-inch pieces
14 ounces buckwheat noodles
3 drops sesame oil, or more to taste

Directions:
Bring water to a boil in a pot. Rinse swordfish and pat dry; season both sides with a pinch of salt and pepper. Reduce boiling water to a simmer. Stir in bouillon and 3/4 of the lime juice. Add carrots, bean sprouts, soy sauce, green onions, jalapeno, lemongrass, cilantro, 2/3 of the garlic, and ginger. Simmer broth for at least 10 minutes.
Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add mushrooms; season with a pinch of salt and pepper and add remaining garlic. Cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Transfer mushrooms to a bowl. Wipe the pan clean if there are bits stuck to the bottom.
Return pan to medium-high heat; add remaining olive oil and swordfish. Cook until internal temperature reaches at least 145 degrees F (63 degrees C), 4 to 5 minutes per side. Squeeze remaining lime juice over the fish and set aside to rest.
Add mushrooms and bok choy to the broth. Continue simmering on low, about 5 minutes. Add soba noodles; cook until heated through, 5 to 7 minutes. Add sesame oil.
Cut each block of noodles in half and divide between 4 bowls. Ladle vegetables and broth over the top. Cut swordfish steaks into equal pieces and place one on top of each bowl.

Submitter: 
hamburgertuktuk
Description: 
The aroma is out of this world. This Asian-inspired recipe yields very generous helpings, and is chock-full of veggies and lean protein. Lemongrass and lime give it a nice sour punch. Can easily be tweaked to make it gluten free. Garnish with any leftover cilantro and green onion, if desired.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Seafood

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
631 calories
13.2
g fat
95.1
g carbohydrates
33
g protein
32
mg cholesterol
1085
mg sodium.
