URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/266754/black-bottom-cream-cheese-chippers/
Title:
Black Bottom Cream Cheese Chippers Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F413770.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (19.8 ounce) package brownie mix
½ cup vegetable oil
¼ cup strong brewed coffee
1  egg
20 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature
½ cup white sugar
2 large eggs, at room temperature
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 cup mini chocolate chips
10 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature
⅔ cup light brown sugar
6 tablespoons white sugar
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
¼ teaspoon salt
1 ½ cups all-purpose flour
2 cups full-size chocolate chips

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a 9x13-inch baking dish with aluminum foil and grease lightly.
Combine brownie mix, oil, coffee, and egg in a bowl and spread into the bottom of the prepared baking pan for the brownie layer.
Beat cream cheese and sugar together in a bowl until light and fluffy for the cheesecake layer. Add eggs and vanilla extract and mix until well combined. Stir in mini chocolate chips. Spoon mixture gently over brownie layer to cover entire surface.
Mix butter, light brown sugar, and white sugar together in a bowl until light and fluffy as regular cookie dough. Add vanilla extract and salt. Add flour and mix to combine. Add full-size chocolate chips; mixture should be crumbly. Sprinkle mixture over cheesecake layer to cover entire surface. Press down lightly.
Bake in the preheated oven until set, about 30 minutes.
Transfer to the refrigerator and cool 2 hours in the pan. Remove from pan still in aluminum foil and place in the freezer until completely cooled, 8 hours to overnight. Peel back aluminum foil and cut into 36 squares.

Submitter: 
sugarbean
Description: 
The best of a bake sale all in one bar. Rich, chewy brownies, decadent chocolate chip cheesecake, and crispy chocolate chip crumble layered together create the ultimate decadent treat.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
11 hrs
Number of servings: 
10 hrs
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
305 calories
18.7
g fat
34.1
g carbohydrates
3.5
g protein
41
mg cholesterol
118
mg sodium.
