URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/266796/greek-chicken-couscous-bowl/
Title:
Greek Chicken Couscous Bowl Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/5569771.jpg
Ingredients:
½ teaspoon dried rosemary
½ teaspoon ground black pepper
½ teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon dried oregano
½ teaspoon garlic powder
½ teaspoon onion powder
⅛ teaspoon ground cardamom
¼ teaspoon ground coriander
2  skinless, boneless chicken breasts
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
½  lemon, juiced
1 ½ cups water
1 cup dry couscous
½  cucumber, peeled and shredded
½ cup sour cream
½ cup Greek yogurt
½  lemon, juiced
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 clove garlic, minced
1 teaspoon chopped fresh mint
1 teaspoon chopped fresh dill
½ teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon black pepper
1  broccoli crown, cut into florets
1 medium red onion, diced
½  cucumber, peeled and diced
2  roma tomatoes, diced
½ cup chopped Kalamata olives, or to taste
½ cup chopped fresh parsley
1 (4 ounce) package crumbled feta cheese, or to taste

Directions:
Mix rosemary, black pepper, salt, oregano, garlic powder, onion powder, cardamom, and coriander together in a small bowl. Place chicken on a plate and season with spice mixture. Heat vegetable oil in a saucepan over medium heat until it starts to shimmer, 2 to 3 minutes. Add seasoned chicken to the pan and cook, covered, 4 to 5 minutes. Flip chicken over and cook, uncovered, until browned on the outside and no longer pink on the inside, 5 to 6 minutes more. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Squeeze lemon juice over chicken and allow to cool 5 minutes. Slice into strips.
While chicken cooks, bring water to a boil in a saucepan and add salt to taste. Add couscous, stir once, and cover. Remove saucepan from heat and let couscous steam for 5 minutes. Fluff with a fork.
Mix cucumber, sour cream, yogurt, lemon juice, olive oil, garlic, mint, dill, salt, and black pepper together in a bowl until tzatziki sauce is just combined.
Divide cooked couscous between 4 bowls. Top with cooked chicken, tzatziki sauce, broccoli, onion, cucumber, tomatoes, olives, parsley, and feta cheese. Serve immediately or store in airtight containers to reheat later.

Submitter: 
Kim
Description: 
A couscous bowl with loads of veggies, lemony chicken, and tzatziki sauce! Can be made ahead of time and re-heated for a healthy work-lunch option too!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
3 Ratings
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
35 mins
Ready in:
55 mins
Number of servings: 
5 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
622 calories
35
g fat
55.5
g carbohydrates
24.6
g protein
76
mg cholesterol
1334
mg sodium.
