URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/266889/tomato-basil-tart-/
Title:
Tomato-Basil Tart  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5607400.jpg
Ingredients:
Dough:
2 cups all-purpose flour
9 tablespoons unsalted butter, cubed
1 teaspoon salt
1 egg
2 tablespoons cold water
Filling:
3 eggs
6 tablespoons cream cheese, softened
3 tablespoons sour cream
12 ounces shredded Italian three-cheese blend
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 bunch fresh basil leaves, cut into thin strips
5 tomatoes, sliced, or more as needed

Directions:
Combine flour, butter, 1 egg, salt, and water in a large bowl and knead into a smooth dough. Shape into a ball, flatten, and wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate for 2 hours.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Grease a springform pan with butter.
Sprinkle a work surface with flour and roll out dough into a circle big enough to cover bottom and sides of the prepared springform pan. Line pan with the dough. Prick dough several times with a fork.
Bake pastry in the preheated oven for 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, stir together remaining eggs, cream cheese, and sour cream using a wooden spoon. Fold in Italian cheese blend and season with salt and pepper. Fold in basil.
Remove cooked pastry from oven and cover with 1 layer of tomato slices. Pour half the egg-cheese mixture on top and cover with another layer of tomato slices. Spread remaining egg-cheese mixture on top and cover with a final layer of tomato slices.
Bake in the preheated until tart is set, about 45 minutes. Serve warm.

Submitter: 
barbara
Description: 
This vegetarian tomato and basil tart is one of my classics - I often make it for lunch. I use Trader Joe's® Shredded 3-Cheese Blend (mozzarella, Monterey Jack, and Cheddar cheeses), but any cheese mix or just a single shredded cheese works fine.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Eggs

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
3 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
614 calories
40.8
g fat
39.9
g carbohydrates
23.6
g protein
225
mg cholesterol
960
mg sodium.
