URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/266835/on-the-go-breakfast-sandwiches/
Title:
On-the-Go Breakfast Sandwiches Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5598699.jpg
Ingredients:
12 ounces pork sausage patties
cooking spray
5 eggs
1/2 teaspoon adobo seasoning
1/2 cup shredded Muenster cheese
5 multi-grain sandwich rolls (such as SandwichThins®)

Directions:
Take each sausage patty and flatten it between a folded sheet of wax paper (I use a tortilla press to flatten mine). Freeze until semi-firm, about 30 minutes.
Grease a skillet with cooking spray and heat over medium-high heat. Cook each sausage patty until lightly brown on each side, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer patties to a rack over an aluminum foil-lined pan to allow grease to drain off. Wipe grease from skillet.
Beat eggs and adobo seasoning in a bowl until light and frothy.
Spray an egg ring mold with cooking spray and place into skillet. Pour egg into mold. Cook until egg is set on the outside, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove mold and flip egg to cook on the opposite side until set, 2 to 4 minutes more. Repeat with remaining egg mixture to make 5 portions.
Split sandwich rolls apart. Top one half of each with 1 cooked sausage, 1 egg portion, and an equal amount of Muenster cheese. Place other half of roll on top. Wrap each sandwich in wax paper and aluminum foil. Store in the freezer until ready to reheat and eat.

Submitter: 
thedailygourmet
Description: 
These breakfast sandwiches are perfect to grab and reheat for a quick on-the-go breakfast. They're fast to make and ingredients can be changed for personal customization. Try them with green chiles mixed into the eggs, a different type of cheese, bacon instead of sausage -- the possibilities are endless. Breakfast sandwiches can be frozen and reheated rather quickly.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Eggs

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
300 calories
16.6
g fat
12.9
g carbohydrates
23.9
g protein
233
mg cholesterol
590
mg sodium.
