URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/266803/chickpea-on-chickpea-pasta-salad/
Title:
Chickpea-on-Chickpea Pasta Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5583853.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (6.5 ounce) jar roasted red peppers, 1 tablespoon liquid reserved
1 (6 ounce) jar sun-dried tomatoes packed in oil, 1 tablespoon liquid reserved
1/2 (12 ounce) jar marinated eggplant strips, 1 tablespoon liquid reserved
1 (3.25 ounce) container pickled Greek pepperoncini, 1 tablespoon liquid reserved
2 cups chickpeas, drained and rinsed
1 cup goat cheese marinated in olive oil, drained
1 cup pitted kalamata olives, drained
1/2 cup red onion, diced
Dressing:
1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil
2 teaspoons ground saffron
1/8 cup fresh lemon balm
1/8 cup fresh basil leaves
1/8 cup fresh parsley
1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme
1/8 cup pine nuts
1 (10.5 ounce) package chickpea fusilli
1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil

Directions:
Cut red peppers, sun-dried tomatoes, eggplants, and pepperoncini into bite-sized pieces. Place cut vegetables in a large bowl. Add chickpeas, goat cheese, olives, and onion.
Whisk olive oil and saffron together in a small bowl. Add the reserved liquids from the peppers, tomatoes, eggplant, and pepperoncini.
Grind lemon balm, basil, parsley, and thyme in a mortar until coarse. Add pine nuts and grind into a chunky paste. Whisk the saffron-oil mixture until combined; pour over the vegetable-cheese mixture. Cover and refrigerate.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add fusilli, stir once, and boil until just tender yet firm to the bite, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and toss with 1 tablespoon olive oil; do not rinse. Spread pasta into a single layer on a large baking sheet and let cool, at least 20 minutes.
Add cooled pasta to the vegetable mixture. Gently toss to coat. Be careful not to stir the pasta as it might fall apart.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Chickpea fusilli is tossed with marinated vegetables and cheese then dressed in a fresh herb pesto to create a hearty pasta salad to serve at your next potluck. The oils and vinegar in the marinated ingredients helps create a savory dressing. This vegetarian meal can also be served in small quantities for a fun appetizer at your next get-together.
Categories:
Salad
Pasta Salad
Tomato Pasta Salad

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
240 calories
72.2
g fat
22.1
g carbohydrates
6.8
g protein
5
mg cholesterol
639
mg sodium.
