URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/266892/poutine-gravy/
Title:
Poutine Gravy Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5596233.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 pound boneless beef chuck, chopped, or more to taste
4 tablespoons butter
1 cup diced onions
salt to taste
freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste
1/3 cup all-purpose flour
4 cups homemade beef broth
1 (16 ounce) package crinkle-cut French fries, or to taste
1 cup fresh cheese curds, or to taste
1 teaspoon chopped fresh chives, or to taste

Directions:
Drizzle oil into a pan over high heat. Add beef chuck. Cook and stir until juices evaporate and the beef starts to brown and stick to the bottom of the pan, 5 to 7 minutes. Add butter and reduce heat to medium; stir until butter is melted.
Add onions, salt, pepper, and cayenne to the beef. Cook until onions are softened and golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in flour. Cook and stir until flour smells like cooked pie crust, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour in broth and bring to a simmer over high heat. Bring heat back down to medium. Let simmer, uncovered, until gravy reaches your desired thickness, 15 to 20 minutes, scraping down the sides occasionally. Season with salt.
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Lay fries out on a baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven, turning halfway, until crispy and golden brown, 13 to 18 minutes.
Fill a serving platter with fries. Scatter cheese curds on top. Ladle a portion of the beef gravy on top and garnish with chives.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
As the old joke goes, it takes a lot of time and effort to make poutine, but at least when you're finally done you get to eat soggy fries. And, what incredibly delicious, soggy fries they are. While I don't have any problem with you buying the cheese curds, or using frozen fries, I do hope you make the sauce from scratch. Use beef chuck, short rib, or brisket to achieve this marvelously meaty, super savory, ridiculously rich gravy that makes all the sogginess worth it.
Categories:
Everyday Cooking

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
327 calories
22.3
g fat
17.5
g carbohydrates
14.2
g protein
62
mg cholesterol
601
mg sodium.
