URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/266872/saturday-breakfast-salad-with-poached-egg-and-chimichurri/
Title:
Saturday Breakfast Salad with Poached Egg and Chimichurri Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5698279.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup firmly packed cilantro
1/4 cup olive oil
2 cloves garlic, or more to taste
1 tablespoon red wine vinegar
1/2 jalapeno pepper (optional)
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 pinch red pepper flakes, or to taste
5 cups water
1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar
1 egg
1 1/2 cups spinach
1 slice crisp cooked turkey bacon
2 tablespoons feta cheese
1 mushroom, chopped
1 tablespoon roasted sunflower seeds
1 tablespoon chopped red onion
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Combine cilantro, olive oil, garlic, red wine vinegar, jalapeno, salt, black pepper, and red pepper flakes in a food processor. Pulse chimichurri sauce until well blended.
Combine water and apple cider vinegar in a small saucepan over medium-high heat until bubbles form at the bottom of the pot but not yet simmering, about 140 degrees F (60 degrees C). Crack egg into a bowl carefully without breaking yolk. Slide egg into water and set a timer for 4 minutes.
Place spinach, bacon, feta cheese, mushroom, sunflower seeds, and red onion on a serving plate. Carefully scoop poached egg from the water using a slotted spoon and place on a paper towel-lined plate to absorb any extra m moisture. Transfer egg to the salad and top with desired amount of chimichurri sauce. Season with salt and pepper.

Submitter: 
Kate Y.
Description: 
This is an amazingly good-for-you salad, packed full of fiber and nutrients to make up for any cheating that might happen on the weekend! The best part is that you can really have fun with it by adding a variety of ingredients (ground flax, black beans, sausage, nuts, peppers). Have fun with it and please your palate! It's great for breakfast, but could easily be eaten for lunch or dinner as well.
Categories:
Salad
Vegetable Salads

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
779 calories
74.2
g fat
13.5
g carbohydrates
19.5
g protein
228
mg cholesterol
1052
mg sodium.
