URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/266802/chickpea-maltagliati-e-fagioli/
Title:
Chickpea Maltagliati e Fagioli Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5571362.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup dried cranberry beans
2 sprigs fresh sage
1 sprig fresh rosemary
1 bay leaf
kitchen twine
4 ounces chickpea lasagna sheets
2 tablespoons olive oil
1/2 cup diced onion
1/2 cup diced carrots
1/2 cup diced red bell pepper
20 fresh green beans, cut into 1-inch pieces
10 cherry tomatoes, quartered
1 clove garlic, minced
1 bird's eye chile, minced (optional)
4 cups water
1 cube vegetable bouillon
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 cups boiling water (optional)
4 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil

Directions:
Soak beans in water, 8 hours to overnight.
Drain beans and briefly rinse under cold water. Allow to drain.
Tie sage, rosemary, and bay leaf with kitchen twine. Set aside. Break lasagna sheets into uneven pieces that are relatively the same size.
Heat a stovetop pressure cooker over medium-high heat. Add 2 tablespoons oil, onion, carrots, and red bell pepper; stir until onion is translucent. Add drained beans, herb bundle, green beans, cherry tomatoes, garlic, and chile pepper. Stir to ensure beans are evenly distributed. Add 4 cups water and bouillon cube. Secure the lid and bring to pressure. Cook for 8 minutes from the first whistle.
Turn off heat and allow pressure to release naturally according to manufacturer's instructions. Remove cover and discard herb bundle. Season stew with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil. Add pasta pieces a few at a time, stirring constantly to avoid sticking.
Add boiling water a little at a time if the stew becomes too thick. Stir frequently until pasta is tender yet firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Ladle into 4 bowls. Top each bowl with 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Chickpea lasagna sheets are broken into badly cut (maltagliati) pieces and cooked with cranberry beans for a twist on the traditional Italian stew.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Stews

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
9 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
398 calories
13.5
g fat
54
g carbohydrates
18
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
85
mg sodium.
