URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/267085/the-best-pumpkin-seeds/
Title:
The Best Pumpkin Seeds Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/911364.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 tablespoons pumpkin pie spice, divided
1 1/2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, divided
1 1/2 teaspoons sea salt, divided, or more to taste
1 1/2 tablespoons melted butter
2 cups pumpkin seeds, rinsed and pumpkin bits removed

Directions:
Fill a small saucepan halfway with water. Add 1 tablespoon pumpkin pie spice,  1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, and 1/2 teaspoon sea salt and bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to medium-high and add pumpkin seeds to the saucepan. Simmer, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat, drain the seeds, and transfer to a medium-sized bowl.
Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C). Grease a 1-inch deep baking sheet.
Mix remaining pumpkin pie spice, Worcestershire sauce, and sea salt with melted butter in a bowl. Pour spiced butter into the bowl with the boiled pumpkin seeds and stir until evenly coated. Pour seeds onto the prepared baking sheet and sprinkle evenly with additional sea salt.
Bake in the preheated oven until browned, about 2 hours, stirring every half hour.
Remove seeds from oven and enjoy hot or at room temperature. Store in an airtight container.

Submitter: 
Blueflamer
Description: 
I've loved Halloween ever since I was a child, and aside from the pumpkin pies and jack-o'-lanterns, I've always loved pumpkin seeds. I hope you will enjoy these as much as I did.

These seeds are an altered recipe I found on the internet; by boiling them first, you allow the flavor of the mixture to soak in, while the spice adds more flavor to the seeds. These are the best pumpkin seeds I've ever had.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Nuts and Seeds
Pumpkin Seeds

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
2 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
210 calories
18.1
g fat
7.1
g carbohydrates
8.5
g protein
6
mg cholesterol
363
mg sodium.
