URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/267017/shrimp-parmigiana/
Title:
Shrimp Parmigiana Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 cups canola oil
1 tablespoon paprika
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon ground thyme
1 teaspoon dried marjoram
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon onion powder
1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1 cup Italian-style bread crumbs
2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese
1 cup all-purpose flour
2 eggs
1 tablespoon water
1 1/2 pounds shrimp, peeled and deveined
1 (32 ounce) jar roasted red pepper and garlic tomato sauce
1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese

Directions:
Pour oil into a pot and heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Combine paprika, salt, black pepper, oregano, thyme, marjoram, garlic powder, onion powder, and cayenne powder in a bowl. Mix 1 tablespoon of spice mixture with bread crumbs and Parmesan cheese in a separate bowl. Mix remaining spices with flour in a third bowl.
Beat eggs and water together in a bowl.
Dip each shrimp in flour mixture, then in egg mixture, and then in bread crumbs and place on a plate.
Fry shrimp in hot oil until they float and turn golden brown, about 1 minute. Drain on a paper towel-lined plate.
Set an oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler.
Pour tomato sauce into an 8-inch square casserole dish and top with fried shrimp, dipping them to coat with sauce. Top with mozzarella cheese.
Broil in the preheated oven until cheese starts to brown, 3 to 4 minutes.

Submitter: 
Challengergurl
Description: 
Lightly breaded and fried shrimp are tossed in marinara sauce and baked with a cheese crust. Surprisingly, this does not taste oily at all. Very good flavor, nice and light. Serve over angel hair pasta with a tossed salad on the side. The red pepper sauce pairs well with the shrimp, but you can use your favorite marinara.
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
Italian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
1110 calories
86
g fat
52
g carbohydrates
33.2
g protein
244
mg cholesterol
1494
mg sodium.
