URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/267244/instant-pot-breakfast-casserole/
Title:
Instant Pot&reg; Breakfast Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F5622836.jpg
Ingredients:
4 slices bacon, chopped
½ cup chopped onion
1 ½ cups chopped spinach
4  eggs
1 cup shredded Swiss cheese
¾ cup half-and-half
¼ teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon garlic powder
⅛ teaspoon lemon pepper
cooking spray

Directions:
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot®) and select Saute function. Cook bacon, turning occasionally, until crisp, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove bacon from pot and drain grease.
Add onion to the pot; saute until browned, about 5 minutes. Remove onion. Saute spinach until wilted, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove spinach and squeeze out excess liquid. Clean out Instant Pot® liner.
Beat eggs in a medium bowl until yellow and frothy. Add onion, spinach, Swiss cheese, half-and-half, salt, garlic powder, lemon pepper. Stir in 1/2 of the cooked bacon.
Spray stackable insert pans with cooking spray; divide egg mixture between the pans. Fill liner with 1/2 cup water. Cover pans with a lid and place inside the liner. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 20 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Remove casserole from pans and garnish with remaining bacon.

Submitter: 
thedailygourmet
Description: 
The fresh bounty of vegetables at my local farmers market was the inspiration for this breakfast dish. This recipe uses a set of stackable stainless steel insert pans which can be found on Amazon.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
5 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
294 calories
21.6
g fat
6.3
g carbohydrates
18.8
g protein
238
mg cholesterol
518
mg sodium.
