URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/267299/lasagna-stuffed-manicotti-shells/
Title:
Lasagna-Stuffed Manicotti Shells Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5813815.jpg
Ingredients:
14 manicotti shells, or more as desired
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1/2 pound sweet Italian sausage
1/2 pound ground beef
1 white onion
1/2 cup basil leaves
2 sprigs rosemary
2 tablespoons thyme
1 tablespoon Italian seasoning
1 tablespoon ground black pepper
2 (8 ounce) cans tomato sauce, divided
Dipping Sauce:
1/4 cup chopped onion
1 teaspoon chopped rosemary, or to taste
1 pinch thyme, or to taste
1 bunch chopped fresh basil
1 tablespoon red pepper flakes
1 pound shredded mozzarella cheese
4 cups cottage cheese, strained
2 quarts vegetable oil for frying
2 cups all-purpose flour
2 cups plain bread crumbs
3 eggs, beaten

Directions:
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil. Stir in manicotti and return to a boil. Cook pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Drain and place on a baking sheet to cool. Place in freezer until hardened, about 5 minutes.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large saute pan over medium-high heat. Add sausage, beef, and onion; saute 3 minutes. Add basil, rosemary, thyme, Italian seasoning, and black pepper. Cook until meat is browned, about 8 minutes. Stir in 1/2 can tomato sauce and cook until heated through, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl and set aside to cool.
Heat a skillet over medium-high heat for the sauce. Add onion and saute 1 minute. Add remaining tomato sauce, rosemary, and thyme. Stir in basil and red pepper flakes.
Fold mozzarella cheese and cottage cheese into the cooled meat mixture. Stuff each manicotti shell with meat mixture and place back onto the baking sheet. Place filled shells in the freezer to firm up, about 5 minutes. Slice shells into bite-sized pieces.
Heat 2 quarts vegetable oil in a saucepan to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place flour, bread crumbs, and beaten eggs each in a separate bowl. Dredge manicotti slices in flour, then eggs, and then bread crumbs and place on the baking sheet.
Fry slices in the hot oil until golden brown and crispy, about 5 minutes. Drain on a paper towel-lined plate. Serve with the spicy tomato dipping sauce.

Submitter: 
Emi Goya
Description: 
Manicotti shells are stuffed with Italian sausage, beef, and cheese and then breaded and fried to perfect bite-sized snacks! These little fried lasagna bites are cheesy balls infused with all the earthy flavors of fresh rosemary, thyme, and, of course, lots of basil!
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Pasta Appetizers

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
974 calories
51.4
g fat
77.5
g carbohydrates
51.1
g protein
152
mg cholesterol
1581
mg sodium.
