URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/267567/cranberry-custard-trifle/
Title:
Cranberry Custard Trifle Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5694323.jpg
Ingredients:
For Cake:
2 cups all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt
2 sticks unsalted butter, softened
1 cup sugar
1 cup Stevia In The Raw® Bakers Bag
6 large eggs
2 teaspoons vanilla
Cranberry-Orange Sauce:
2 cups water
1 cup sugar
1 cup Stevia In The Raw® Bakers Bag
1 pound fresh cranberries
Finely grated zest of 1 orange
Vanilla Custard:
1/4 cup sugar
1/4 cup Stevia In The Raw® Bakers Bag
3 egg yolks
1 large egg
2 tablespoons cornstarch
1/4 teaspoon fine sea salt
1 1/2 cups whole milk
1 teaspoon vanilla
Frosted Cranberries:
1 1/2 cups fresh cranberries
1 egg white, beaten
1/2 cup sugar
Whipped Cream:
3/4 cup chilled heavy cream
1 tablespoon Stevia In The Raw® Bakers Bag
1/2 teaspoon vanilla
Zest of 1 orange, cut into thin slivers

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour two 8-inch cake pans and line bottoms with parchment paper.
In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt.
In a large bowl or the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment beat butter, sugar, and stevia until light and fluffy, 4 to 5 minutes. Beat in eggs one at a time, scraping down bowl and beaters after each addition. Beat in vanilla. Stir in flour mixture until just combined.
Divide batter evenly between cake pans. Smooth tops and bake, rotating pans halfway through baking, until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 30 to 35 minutes. Let cool in pans on a rack for 10 minutes, then unmold onto rack to cool completely, at least 1 hour.
For cranberry sauce, combine water, sugar, stevia in a large saucepan. Bring to a boil and boil 5 minutes. Add cranberries and orange zest and reduce heat to simmer gently until berries are translucent, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a bowl to cool completely.
For custard, whisk sugar, stevia, egg yolks, egg, cornstarch, and salt together in a medium bowl. Bring milk to a simmer in a medium saucepan. Whisking constantly, pour half the milk into the egg mixture. Pour egg mixture, whisking constantly, back into saucepan with remaining milk. Cook, stirring constantly, over medium-low, until custard thickens, about 2 minutes.
Scrape custard into a bowl and stir in vanilla. Place a piece of plastic wrap directly on the surface of custard, and chill until cold, at least 2 hours.
For frosted cranberries, toss cranberries with egg white to lightly coat. Roll cranberries in sugar, then spread out in a single layer on a baking sheet and let dry for 2 hours at room temperature.
When ready to assemble trifle, make whipped cream. In a large bowl or the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat cream, stevia, and vanilla on medium speed until stiff. Beat custard in a medium bowl until creamy.
To assemble, cut cakes into 1-inch chunks. Scatter half the cake cubes in a 2- to 3-quart glass trifle bowl. Spread half the cranberry sauce on top. Top with half the custard. Top with remaining cake cubes, then cranberry sauce, then custard. Spread whipped cream evenly on top, and decorate with frosted cranberries and orange zest.

Submitter: 
In The Raw
Description: 
Cranberries, cream, and cake make the perfect combo in this lower-sugar and reduced-calorie trifle using Stevia In The Raw®.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
In The Raw&#174; Sweeteners

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
411 calories
19.6
g fat
54.1
g carbohydrates
6.3
g protein
168
mg cholesterol
186
mg sodium.
