URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/267541/roasted-winter-vegetable-and-squash-soup-/
Title:
Roasted Winter Vegetable and Squash Soup  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1/4 cup olive oil
1 large onion, chopped
1 small sugar pumpkin - peeled, seeded, and cubed
1 small butternut squash - peeled, seeded, and cubed
2 carrots, cut into rounds, or more to taste
1 parsnip, cubed
1 small turnip, cubed
salt and ground black pepper to taste
4 sprigs fresh thyme
3 sprigs fresh rosemary
2 sprigs fresh sage
1 small bunch fresh parsley (optional)
3 bay leaves
2 cloves garlic, chopped, or more to taste
1 quart vegetable stock

Directions:
Heat olive oil in a deep skillet. Add onion and saute over medium heat for 3 to 4 minutes. Add pumpkin, butternut squash, carrots, parsnip, and turnip. Season with salt and pepper. Stir to combine. Cook for 5 minutes, uncovered, stirring occasionally.
Add thyme, rosemary, sage, parsley, and bay leaves to the pot, tucking the sprigs down into the vegetables so they can release their oils. Add garlic and continue to stir occasionally. Be careful not to let the garlic burn. Reduce heat and simmer, covered, for 5 minutes.
Heat vegetable stock in a separate pot. Add all the vegetables from the skillet. Check seasoning and adjust if necessary. Simmer until vegetables are tender, about 15 minutes. Retrieve all herb sprigs. Serve as is or allow soup to cool and blend in a blender to desired consistency.

Submitter: 
shangobunni
Description: 
Winter squash and root vegetables are pan-roasted with herbs, then simmered in vegetable stock. I served this at Thanksgiving and it was unique, delicious, and vegan! Serve topped with chopped parsley (or sour cream, if you don't need this dish to be vegan.)
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Vegetable Soup
Squash Soup
Butternut Squash Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
354 calories
15.2
g fat
56.9
g carbohydrates
7
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
346
mg sodium.
