URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/267561/bacon-cheeseburger-omelette/
Title:
Bacon Cheeseburger Omelette Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5636829.jpg
Ingredients:
2 slices bacon
1 tablespoon chopped onion
1/4 pound lean ground beef
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
1 tablespoon mustard
1 tablespoon ketchup
2 eggs
1 tablespoon milk
2 tablespoons chopped tomatoes
2 tablespoons chopped pickles
2 tablespoons shredded Cheddar cheese
2 tablespoons chopped lettuce
1/8 cup shoestring potatoes, or to taste (optional)

Directions:
Place bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Transfer bacon to a paper towel-lined plate, reserving grease in the skillet. Crumble bacon once cool.
Add onion to the skillet and cook over medium-high heat for 2 minutes. Add ground beef and cook, breaking into smaller pieces, until no longer pink, about 5 minutes. Drain any excess grease.
Add Worcestershire sauce, mustard, and ketchup to the beef mixture. Bring to a simmer, mixing until everything is incorporated.
Meanwhile, heat a separate skillet over medium heat. Whisk eggs and milk together and pour into the skillet, swirling to coat the bottom. Cook until eggs are just set, about 5 minutes.
Place bacon, beef mixture, tomatoes, pickles, and lettuce over one half of the omelette. Fold the other half over the filling. Top with Cheddar cheese. Cover skillet and cook until cheese is melted, about 1 minute. Garnish omelette with shoestring potatoes.

Submitter: 
Soup Loving Nicole
Description: 
All of the flavors you love in a bacon cheeseburger come together in this hearty breakfast. Prepare the meat and chop the veggies the night before to save time in the morning.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Eggs
Omelets

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
640 calories
42.9
g fat
17.4
g carbohydrates
45.3
g protein
479
mg cholesterol
1504
mg sodium.
