URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/267633/easy-weeknight-mac-and-cheese-4-ways/
Title:
Easy Weeknight Mac and Cheese 4 Ways Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5717674.jpg
Ingredients:
Weeknight Mac and Cheese:
1 1/2 cups small elbow macaroni
3 tablespoons butter
3 tablespoons flour
1 1/2 cups Almond Breeze Unsweetened Original almondmilk
1 cup low-sodium chicken broth
1 tablespoon spicy brown mustard
2 teaspoons onion powder
1 teaspoon garlic salt, or to taste
2 cups shredded sharp Cheddar cheese
Freshly ground pepper to taste
Weeknight Mac and Cheese Toppers:
Option 1: Sausage and Pepper
3/4 cup 1/4-inch diced turkey kielbasa
2/3 cup chopped onion
2/3 cup diced bell pepper (any color)
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme
Option 2: Riced Veggie and Bacon
1 tablespoon olive oil
1/2 cup chopped onion
1/3 cup real bacon bits
1 1/2 cups mixed riced cauliflower and broccoli
Garlic salt to taste
Option 3: Pepperoni and Veggie Pizza
1 tablespoon olive oil
1/2 cup chopped red onion
15 slices turkey pepperoni, cut into quarters
1/3 cup diced bell pepper (any color)
1/3 cup sliced olives (optional)

Directions:
Cook elbow macaroni according to package directions, about 8 minutes.
While macaroni is cooking, melt butter over medium heat in a large saucepan. Add flour and cook for 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Whisk in Almond Breeze almondmilk and stock and bring to a simmer, stirring frequently. Stir in mustard, onion powder, and garlic salt.
Add cheese a little at a time, cooking and stirring until melted before adding more. Season with pepper. Drain macaroni well and stir in. Cook for 5 minutes more, stirring occasionally.
For Sausage and Pepper topping: Cook sausage and onion in a medium skillet over medium-high heat, stirring frequently, until sausage is browned and onion is soft, about 5 minutes. Stir in bell pepper and thyme; cook and stir for 2 minutes more to soften peppers. Serve over hot Weeknight Mac and Cheese.
For Riced Veggie and Bacon topping: Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion and cook for 5 minutes, stirring frequently. Add bacon and cook for 2 minutes more. Stir in riced veggies; cook and stir for 2 to 3 minutes to soften. Season with garlic salt. Serve over hot Weeknight Mac and Cheese.
For Pepperoni and Veggie Pizza topping: Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion and pepperoni and cook until both are lightly browned, stirring frequently, about 5 minutes. Stir in bell pepper; cook and stir for 2 minutes to soften. Stir in olives, if desired. Spoon over hot Weeknight Mac and Cheese.

Submitter: 
Almond Breeze
Description: 
A classic, creamy macaroni and cheese. Take it to the next level with Almond Breeze almondmilk and delicious toppings the whole family will love.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
Almond Breeze

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
