URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/267713/easy-empanada-samosas/
Title:
Easy Empanada Samosas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/5742501.jpg
Ingredients:
2  potatoes
1 pound ground chicken
1 tablespoon sazon seasoning with achiote
½ teaspoon salt
2  green onions, finely chopped
¼ cup finely chopped cilantro, or to taste
1 (8 ounce) can peas, drained
⅓ cup raisins
1 tablespoon curry powder
1 tablespoon ground cumin
1 tablespoon garlic powder
1 tablespoon ground turmeric
2 (14 ounce) packages empanada pastry discs
2 tablespoons vegetable oil, or more as needed

Directions:
Place potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain, reserving some cooking water. Let cool until safe to handle, at least 10 minutes.
Peel and cube potatoes.
Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir chicken in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Season with sazon and salt. Add green onions and cilantro. Cook until most of the liquid evaporates, 2 to 3 minutes. Add potatoes, peas, a little potato water, raisins, curry, cumin, garlic powder, and turmeric. Cook until raisins are plump, 2 to 5 minutes more.
Let filling mixture cool before you shape empanadas.
Place a spoonful of filling in the center of an empanada disc. Fold in two sides to make a cone; fold third side over the opening. Press seams together. Repeat with remaining filling and discs.
Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium-low heat. Cook empanadas in batches until well browned, flipping halfway, about 5 minutes. Repeat with remaining empanadas, adding more oil as needed.

Submitter: 
Karen Warshaw
Description: 
This is a cross between a samosa and traditional empanada... using ground chicken! I like mine with aji sauce, but feel free to try any kind of hot sauce or yogurt sauce you like.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 20 mins
Number of servings: 
10 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
238 calories
5.8
g fat
36.1
g carbohydrates
12.1
g protein
18
mg cholesterol
376
mg sodium.
