URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/267701/dutch-oven-baked-spaghetti-with-chicken-and-sausage/
Title:
Dutch Oven Baked Spaghetti with Chicken and Sausage Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F781248.jpg
Ingredients:
4  bone-in chicken thighs with skin
1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, or to taste
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 dash balsamic vinegar
1 pound Italian sausage
1 (8 ounce) package sliced fresh mushrooms
1 (24 ounce) jar spaghetti sauce
1 pound spaghetti
2 cups shredded Italian cheese blend

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place a rack in the middle of the oven.
Heat a 6 1/2 quart Dutch oven on the stove over high heat. Sear chicken thighs, skin-side first, in the hot Dutch oven, flipping over halfway, until browned, 6 minutes. Season with Italian seasoning, salt, and black pepper. Transfer chicken to a plate, skin-side down. Drizzle vinegar on top.
Add sausage and mushrooms to the Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Cook until sausage is browned, 3 to 5 minutes, adding a little vinegar if the pan is too dry. Drain and discard grease. Pour spaghetti sauce into the Dutch oven and stir. Return chicken to the Dutch oven, skin-side up, leaving skin exposed above the sauce. Cook until sauce begins to bubble, 3 to 5 minutes.
Transfer Dutch oven to the preheated oven and bake 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook spaghetti in the boiling water, stirring occasionally, until partially cooked, about 4 minutes. Drain and rinse with cold water to stop the cooking process.
Remove Dutch oven from oven and add cooked spaghetti noodles on top. Use tongs to pull chicken thighs above the noodles and to push noodles down into sauce. Top everything with shredded Italian cheese blend and return Dutch oven to the oven for 10 minutes more. Turn on the broiler and broil 5 minutes.
Remove Dutch oven and let cool about 10 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
SPORK
Description: 
Delicious chicken thighs and Italian sausage are combined with spaghetti and pasta sauce, covered with cheese, and baked in a Dutch oven until crispy.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 25 mins
Number of servings: 
10 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
614 calories
27.3
g fat
57.9
g carbohydrates
32.8
g protein
78
mg cholesterol
1113
mg sodium.
