URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/267723/ariadnes-new-england-parsnip-apple-onion-bake/
Title:
Ariadne's New England Parsnip-Apple-Onion Bake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
4 1/2 cups low-sodium chicken broth
1 1/2 cups water
1/2 pound parsnips, peeled cut into 1-inch chunks
4 cloves garlic, crushed and minced
1/2 bay leaf
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme
salt and ground black pepper to taste
3/4 cup butter, at room temperature, divided
3/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg, or to taste
1/4 teaspoon powdered lemon rind
1 large onion, thinly sliced
1 lemon wedge
1 large Granny Smith apple, cored and thinly sliced

Directions:
Combine broth, water, parsnips, garlic, bay leaf, thyme, salt, and pepper in a large pot and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to a simmer, cover partially, and cook until parsnips are tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain and transfer to a large bowl.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Coat a 9-inch glass pie plate with 1 tablespoon butter.
Add 1/2 cup butter, nutmeg, and lemon rind to the bowl with the parsnips. Use an electric mixer to beat until mixed thoroughly but still slightly chunky. Transfer mixture to the prepared pie plate.
Melt remaining butter in a large, heavy skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion and saute until translucent and beginning to brown, about 10 minutes. Spread onion evenly over parsnip mixture.
Place apple slices in a bowl and add a squeeze of lemon juice; toss to coat. Spread apple slices evenly over onion. Season with additional lemon juice, nutmeg, and pepper.
Bake in the preheated oven until heated through and top is beginning to crisp, about 25 minutes.

Submitter: 
Ariadne
Description: 
Buttery smooth parsnips, delicately sweetened with apples, caramelized onions, and nutmeg, with lemon and pepper seasoning, make a delicious complement to poultry or spiced fish entrees. Casserole can be prepared up to one day in advance, just cover and refrigerate before baking. Leftovers are great reheated in the morning as a side to eggs with biscuits and sausage gravy.
Categories:
Side Dish
Vegetables
Onion

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
211 calories
17.8
g fat
12.9
g carbohydrates
2.9
g protein
48
mg cholesterol
211
mg sodium.
