URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/267821/creamy-alfredo-5-ways/
Title:
Creamy Alfredo 5 Ways Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5726480.jpg
Ingredients:
Creamy Breeze Alfredo Sauce:
3 tablespoons butter
4 tablespoons flour, divided
1 3/4 cups Almond Breeze Unsweetened Original almondmilk
3/4 cup chicken broth
2 ounces cream cheese
1 1/4 cups shredded Parmesan cheese
1/2 teaspoon garlic salt, or to taste
Freshly ground pepper to taste
Option 1: Alfredo Queso
1 cup Creamy Breeze Alfredo Sauce
1/2 cup shredded Mexican cheese blend
2 tablespoons canned diced green chiles, or more to taste (optional)
1/2 teaspoon Mexican seasoning blend
Option 2: Loaded Baked Potatoes
2 large russet potatoes
3/4 cup Creamy Breeze Alfredo Sauce
1/2 cup shredded sharp Cheddar cheese
2 tablespoons sour cream
1/2 cup tiny steamed broccoli florets
2 tablespoons real bacon bits (optional)
Sliced green onion tops (optional)
Option 3: Alfredo Pizza
1 premade thin pizza crust
1/2 cup Creamy Breeze Alfredo Sauce
1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese
Option 4: Spinach and Tomato Alfredo Chicken
1 tablespoon butter
4 small boneless, skinless chicken breasts
1 cup Creamy Breeze Alfredo Sauce
1/2 teaspoon dried basil
1 1/2 cups coarsely chopped baby spinach
12 cherry tomatoes, quartered

Directions:
Breeze Alfredo Sauce: Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add 3 tablespoons flour; cook and stir for 1 minute. Slowly whisk in Almond Breeze almondmilk and broth. Cook, whisking constantly, until mixture is thickened and bubbly. Reduce heat to low and stir in cream cheese. Toss Parmesan cheese with the remaining tablespoon of flour. Add a small handful at a time to the sauce, whisking until smooth and melted before adding more. Season with garlic salt and pepper.
Option 1 - Tacos: Place sauce in a small saucepan and cook over low heat until sauce is hot. Stir in cheese, chiles, and seasoning blend and cook until cheese is melted, stirring occasionally.
Option 2 - Loaded Baked Potatoes: Pierce potatoes with a fork and place on a microwave-safe plate. Microwave on high for 10 to 12 minutes or until potatoes are soft when gently squeezed. While potatoes are cooking, place sauce in a small saucepan and cook over low heat until sauce is hot. Stir in cheese and sour cream and cook until cheese is melted, stirring frequently. Stir in broccoli. Carefully cut potatoes in half and fluff the insides. Stir half the sauce into each potato. Place potatoes on 4 plates and top with remaining sauce. Sprinkle with bacon bits and green onions, if desired.
Option 3 - Alfredo Pizza: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F and line a large baking sheet with foil. Spread sauce onto pizza and sprinkle evenly with cheese. Finish with any desired toppings, such as thinly sliced red onion, sliced olives, sliced bell peppers, cooked and crumbled Italian turkey sausage, or diced ham. Place pizza on baking sheet. Bake for 15 minutes or until lightly browned around the edges.
Option 4 - Spinach and Tomato Alfredo Chicken: Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add chicken and cook for 5 minutes on each side or until lightly browned and cooked through. Remove chicken from skillet. Add sauce and basil to skillet. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes or until sauce is hot. Add spinach and tomatoes and cook until spinach is wilted. Add chicken back to skillet and turn to coat with sauce.

Submitter: 
Almond Breeze
Description: 
Five great ways to use Breeze Alfredo sauce. Serve over pasta or other fun dishes during the week.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
Almond Breeze

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
15 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
