URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/267887/marinated-mediterranean-chicken-pita-and-slaw/
Title:
Marinated Mediterranean Chicken Pita and Slaw Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5775698.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup Marie's® Original Coleslaw dressing
1 teaspoon paprika
1/2 teaspoon cumin
1/8 teaspoon cinnamon
3 cloves garlic, minced
1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes
Zest and juice of 1 lemon
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
4 boneless chicken breasts, cut in large bite-sized pieces
1 large onion, chopped in large pieces
8 wooden skewers, soaked in water
Slaw Ingredients:
1/2 head green cabbage, shredded
1/2 red onion, thinly sliced
1 small bunch flat-leaf parsley, chopped
1/2 cup Marie's® Original Coleslaw dressing
1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes (optional)
Also:
6 pieces pita bread
2 medium tomatoes, sliced
Marie's® Original Coleslaw dressing, for drizzling

Directions:
Marinate the chicken: In a mixing bowl, whisk together Marie's Original Coleslaw dressing, paprika, cumin, cinnamon, garlic, red pepper flakes, lemon zest, lemon juice, salt, and pepper.
Alternate pieces of chicken and onion onto each skewer, then place skewers in a shallow baking dish. Pour the marinade mixture over the chicken skewers, coating them well. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or up to overnight.
Prepare the slaw: In a large bowl, stir together the cabbage, onion, parsley, and Marie's Original Coleslaw dressing until thoroughly combined. Sprinkle with red pepper flakes for an extra kick of spice, if you like.
Preheat grill to medium-high heat. Brush the grates with a little oil to coat and grill the marinated chicken skewers. Turn skewers occasionally until chicken is fully cooked, about 15 minutes. Transfer to a platter and serve immediately with warm pita bread, slaw, sliced tomatoes, and extra Marie's Original Coleslaw dressing for drizzling.

Submitter: 
Marie's Dressings
Description: 
Chicken skewers, marinated in coleslaw dressing and spices, are grilled and served with pita bread and a refreshing cabbage slaw.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Chicken
Chicken Breasts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
1 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
571 calories
30
g fat
56.6
g carbohydrates
23
g protein
64
mg cholesterol
880
mg sodium.
