URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/267820/creamy-oatmeal-with-rainbow-toppings/
Title:
Creamy Oatmeal with Rainbow Toppings Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5698174.jpg
Ingredients:
Instant Oats:
1/2 cup Almond Breeze Unsweetened Original almondmilk
1 packet instant oatmeal
Quick-Cooking Oats:
1 cup Almond Breeze Unsweetened Original almondmilk
1/2 cup quick cooking oats
Rolled Oats:
1 cup Almond Breeze Unsweetened Original almondmilk
1/2 cup old-fashioned rolled oats
Steel-Cut Oats:
3 cups Almond Breeze Unsweetened Original almondmilk
1 cup steel-cut oats
Rainbow Topping Ideas: Chop and serve in muffin tin
Diced strawberries
Dried cranberries
Raspberries
Golden raisins
Mangoes
Bananas
Diced kiwi
Diced green apple
Blueberries
Blackberries
Raisins
Diced almonds

Directions:
Instant Oats: Stir together 1 cup any variety Almond Breeze almondmilk and instant oats in a microwave-safe bowl or mug. Microwave on high for 1 to 2 minutes. Stir again.
Quick-Cooking Oats on the Stovetop: Stir together 1 cup any variety Almond Breeze almondmilk and 1/2 cup quick-cooking oats in a small saucepan. Cook over low heat for 1 minute, stirring frequently.
Quick-Cooking Oats in the Microwave: Stir together 1 cup any variety Almond Breeze almondmilk and 1/2 cup quick-cooking oats in a microwave-safe bowl or mug. Microwave on high for 1 1/2 to 2 minutes. Stir oats.
Rolled Oats on the Stovetop: Stir together 1 cup any variety Almond Breeze almondmilk and 1/2 cup rolled oats in a small saucepan. Cook over low heat for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Rolled Oats in the Microwave: Stir together 1 cup any variety Almond Breeze almondmilk and 1/2 cup rolled oats in a microwave-safe bowl or mug. Microwave on high for 2 1/2 to 3 minutes. Stir oats.
Rolled Oats in the Instant Pot(R): Stir together 5 cups any variety of Almond Breeze almondmilk and 2 cups rolled oats in an Instant Pot(R) that is lightly coated with nonstick cooking spray or butter. Lock lid and close vent. Cook on high pressure for 3 minutes. Let stand for 5 minutes to allow pressure to release naturally. Carefully open vent, remove lid, and stir oats. Add additional Breeze if you prefer thinner oats.
Rolled Oats in the Slow Cooker: Stir together 4 1/2 cups any variety of Almond Breeze almondmilk and 2 cups rolled oats in a slow cooker that is lightly coated with nonstick cooking spray or butter. Cover and cook on high for 3 to 1/2 hours or on low for 7 hours. Remove lid and stir oats. Add additional Breeze if you prefer thinner oats.
Steel-Cut Oats on the Stovetop: Bring 3 cups any variety of Almond Breeze almondmilk and 1 cup steel-cut oats to a simmer in a medium saucepan. Cook over low heat for 10 to 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add additional Breeze if you prefer thinner oats.
Steel-Cut Oats in the Instant Pot(R): Stir together 3 cups any variety of Almond Breeze almondmilk and 1 cup steel-cut oats in an Instant Pot(R) that is lightly coated with nonstick cooking spray or butter. Lock lid and close venting. Cook on high pressure set to 3 minutes. Let stand for 5 minutes to allow pressure to release naturally. Carefully open vent, remove lid, and stir oats. Add additional Breeze if you prefer thinner oats.
Steel-Cut Oats in the Slow Cooker: Stir together 4 cups any variety of Almond Breeze almondmilk and 1 cup steel-cut oats in a slow cooker that is lightly coated with nonstick cooking spray or butter. Cover and cook on high for 3 1/2 to 4 hours or on low for 7 to 8 hours. Remove lid and stir oats. Add additional Breeze if you prefer thinner oats.

Submitter: 
Almond Breeze
Description: 
Try almondmilk in your oatmeal for extra creaminess whether its cooked with the Instant Pot®, in the microwave, or on the stove. Add on some fun with a rainbow toppings bar.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
Almond Breeze

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
10 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
