URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/267935/creamy-chicken-toast/
Title:
Creamy Chicken Toast Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
12 ounces skinless, boneless chicken breast, cut into strips
salt to taste
1 tablespoon butter
2 tablespoons sliced green onions, white and lighter green parts, or to taste
½  red bell pepper, or to taste, diced
1 large jalapeno pepper, or to taste, seeded and diced
¼ cup chicken broth
1 ½ cups heavy cream
2 tablespoons creme fraiche (optional)
1 pinch ground black pepper
1 pinch cayenne pepper
1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon
4 slices bread, toasted

Directions:
Season chicken with salt.
Heat butter in a skillet over medium-high heat. Cook chicken until outside firms up and inside is still medium-rare, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer chicken to a plate and let cool.
Reduce heat to medium. Combine green onions, red bell pepper, and jalapeno in the skillet. Add a pinch of salt. Cook and stir until softened, about 5 minutes. Increase heat to high. Pour in chicken broth. Stir until liquid is mostly evaporated. Stir in cream. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and cook until sauce is reduced to desired thickness, 6 to 10 minutes.
Cut chicken into evenly sized cubes. Add chicken, accumulated juices, and creme fraiche to the sauce. Cook until chicken is no longer pink in the center, 3 to 7 minutes more. Season with salt, pepper, and cayenne. Turn off heat. Stir in tarragon and spoon chicken and sauce over toast.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
Diced chicken breast is draped in a creamy sauce with green onions and peppers plus tarragon for the finishing touch. Enjoy a delicious, comforting chicken dish as well as a reminder on how to make cream sauce--it's easier than you thought. I serve this over bread, but any starchy base will do. Garnish with green onions if desired.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
14 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.86
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
40 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
529 calories
41.7
g fat
17.1
g carbohydrates
22.1
g protein
189
mg cholesterol
382
mg sodium.
