URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/267926/vegetarian-mushroom-sliders-/
Title:
Vegetarian Mushroom Sliders  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5770122.jpg
Ingredients:
8 mini hamburger buns
6 tablespoons olive oil, divided
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 (8 ounce) package sliced fresh mushrooms
1/4 cup water
1/4 cup oyster sauce
2 ounces butter lettuce, shredded
1 English cucumber, thinly sliced
1 tomato, thinly sliced and quartered
8 dill pickle slices

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.
Drizzle burger buns with enough oil to flavor and moisten the buns but not make them soggy, about 4 tablespoons, and place on the prepared baking sheet.
Bake buns in the preheated oven until bottoms become golden brown, about 8 minutes. Flip buns over and cook until second side is golden brown, about 5 minutes more.
While buns bake, heat remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a small pan over medium heat. Add garlic to hot pan so it sizzles and cook for 30 seconds. Add mushrooms and water; simmer, stirring constantly, until shrunken in size, about 3 minutes. Mix in oyster sauce and cook an additional minute.
Assemble slider from the bottom up. Place a bun base on a plate and add a generous amount of lettuce. Add a cucumber slice, a piece of tomato, and a slice of pickle. Add a tablespoon of cooked mushrooms and top with the top bun. Repeat for remaining sliders.

Submitter: 
Alex Mei
Description: 
A healthier vegetarian delight that is great as an appetizer, main entree, or snack, and loaded with nutrition. Every bite is bursting with flavor from the assorted veggies incorporated into this simple but delicious dish!
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Vegetable
Mushrooms

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
189 calories
11.8
g fat
161.8
g carbohydrates
3.5
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
148
mg sodium.
