URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/267936/cabbage-patch-halibut/
Title:
Cabbage Patch Halibut Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5720935.jpg
Ingredients:
2 teaspoons butter
1 large head cabbage
2 (7 ounce) skinless, boneless halibut fillets
salt to taste
1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste
1 tablespoon thinly sliced fresh ginger
1 Fresno chile, thinly sliced
2 tablespoons sliced green onions
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1/4 teaspoon sesame oil
1 pinch sesame seeds, or to taste (optional)
Miso Butter:
2 tablespoons butter (optional)
1 teaspoon white miso paste, or more to taste (optional)

Directions:
Cut out the core of the cabbage, leaving a 2- to 3-inch hollow in the base. Place head, stem-side up, in a large stockpot; pour in 1 to 2 inches of water. Cover and bring to a boil over high heat. Steam until leaves come off easily, about 3 minutes. Peel off 2 leaves large enough to wrap your fillets; let cool.
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Grease a baking dish with butter.
Season halibut with salt and cayenne on both sides. Lay cooled leaves flat on your work surface. Center fillets over each leaf. Divide ginger, Fresno chile, and green onions over fish. Spoon soy sauce on top; sprinkle with sesame oil and seeds.
Fold the stem side over each fillet. Fold in the sides and wrap the leafy end on top. Tie fish with string if desired. Transfer to the prepared baking dish, seam-side up.
Bake in the preheated oven until fish flakes easily with a fork, about 15 minutes. Let sit for 5 minutes.
Mix 2 tablespoons butter and miso together. Snip off the string and transfer fish to a shallow bowl. Spoon pan juices on top, unwrap cabbage, and top with miso butter.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
Don't worry; this recipe has nothing to do with those creepy dolls. This is one of easiest and most delicious ways you can cook fish. The leaf not only keeps the halibut moist, but also holds all your assorted garnishes and seasonings tight against the meat, which creates an even more intensely flavored result. The lovely aroma of cabbage will mask those fishy smells that usually linger in the kitchen. Garnish with fresh cilantro leaves.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
535 calories
21.9
g fat
39.1
g carbohydrates
50.6
g protein
105
mg cholesterol
967
mg sodium.
