URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/267922/green-tea-meringue-cookies/
Title:
Green Tea Meringue Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Cookie Batter:
3/4 cup powdered sugar
1/3 cup green tea powder (matcha)
1/2 teaspoon blue food coloring powder (optional)
2 egg whites, at room temperature
1/4 cup white sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
Filling:
1/3 cup chopped dark chocolate
6 tablespoons butter, at room temperature
2/3 cup powdered sugar

Directions:
Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Don't use waxed paper.
Mix powdered sugar, matcha powder, and food coloring in a medium bowl. Sift mixture into another bowl and set aside.
Beat egg whites and salt in a glass, metal, or ceramic bowl using an electric mixer until medium peaks form. Sprinkle in white sugar and beat until stiff peaks form. Mix in the matcha sugar until just combined; no color ribbons should remain.
Scoop some batter into a piping bag fitted with a medium round tip. Pipe out 1-inch cookies about 1 inch apart onto the prepared baking sheets. Let sit until dry, 1 to 2 hours.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bake cookies in the preheated oven until set, 5 to 10 minutes, watching that they do not brown too much.
Place chocolate in a dry glass bowl set over a pot of simmering water. Stir frequently, scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula to avoid scorching, until chocolate is melted, about 5 minutes.
Beat butter in a bowl using an electric mixer until creamy. Add the melted chocolate and mix in powdered sugar. Sandwich a portion of this ganache filling between pairs of cookies.

Submitter: 
Little Ivy Cakes
Description: 
A matcha-flavored macaron meringue cookie with chocolate filling.
Categories:
Desserts
Cookies
Meringue Cookies

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
157 calories
7.4
g fat
22.4
g carbohydrates
1.3
g protein
16
mg cholesterol
148
mg sodium.
