URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/268020/black-bean-cauli-tacos-with-homemade-tortillas/
Title:
Black Bean-Cauli Tacos with Homemade Tortillas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/482893.jpg
Ingredients:
Tortillas:
1 1/4 cups white whole wheat flour, divided
1/2 cup lukewarm water
1/4 teaspoon salt
olive oil cooking spray
2 teaspoons vegan margarine (such as Earth Balance®)
Cauliflower-Bean Filling:
1 large head cauliflower, cut into florets
1 tablespoon olive oil
1/2 yellow onion, sliced
1 serrano pepper, sliced
2 tablespoons ketchup
1 1/2 teaspoons chili powder
1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin
1 (15 ounce) can low-sodium black beans, drained
ground black pepper to taste
1/2 teaspoon sea salt

Directions:
Mix 1 cup flour, water, and salt together to make a soft dough. Spray dough and work surface with olive oil; knead dough until smooth but still a little sticky.
Set dough aside and cover with a warm, damp cloth. Let dough rest for at least 10 minutes.
Preheat a large griddle while rolling out the tortillas.
Divide dough into 8 equal parts. Form into smooth balls and flatten the tops. Roll balls in 1/4 cup flour and roll out into 6-inch circles. Dust rolling pin or work surface very lightly with flour if dough sticks. Brush tortillas with vegan margarine on one side.
Place tortillas on the preheated griddle greased-side down. Cook until tortillas change color and start puffing up, about 10 seconds. Flip over and press puffed parts lightly with a flat spatula. Flip again. Cook just until golden-brown spots appear on both sides; tortillas should still be soft and pliable.
Keep tortillas stacked together on and under a cloth to keep from drying out.
Pulse cauliflower florets in a food processor until chopped into rice-sized pieces.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook cauliflower, onion, and serrano pepper until softened, about 5 minutes. Mix in ketchup, chili powder, and cumin.
Process black beans in the food processor until smooth. Stir into the cauliflower mixture until heated through, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Use 1/4 cup of the mixture for each tortilla.

Submitter: 
The Health Seeker's Kitchen
Description: 
Delicious cauliflower and bean taco mix served on easy homemade tortillas. Garnish with romaine lettuce, tomatoes, cilantro, lime, and almond jalapeno Jack cheese.
Categories:
Fruits and Vegetables
Vegetables
Cauliflower
Fried

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
159 calories
3.1
g fat
30.4
g carbohydrates
7
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
378
mg sodium.
