URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/268087/pressure-cooker-paella-with-chicken-thighs-and-smoked-sausage/
Title:
Pressure Cooker Paella with Chicken Thighs and Smoked Sausage Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F5761413.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil
4  bone-in, skin-on chicken thighs
salt to taste
6 ounces smoked sausage, diced
1 medium sweet onion (such as Vidalia®), diced
1  red bell pepper, chopped
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 ½ cups medium-grain white rice
1 ½ teaspoons smoked paprika
1 ½ teaspoons ground turmeric
1 pinch cayenne pepper
1 pinch saffron (optional)
¼ cup dry sherry
2 ¾ cups chicken broth
1 (10 ounce) can diced tomatoes
½ cup frozen peas

Directions:
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot®) and select Saute function. Add olive oil and warm for 1 to 2 minutes.
Season chicken thighs with salt. Place chicken skin-side down in the oil. Cook until skin is golden, 4 to 6 minutes. Slide a spatula underneath several times to prevent skin from sticking to the pot. Turn and cook until other side is lightly browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer chicken thighs to a plate.
Add sausage, onion, and bell pepper to the pot. Saute until onion is softened, about 3 minutes. Stir in garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add rice, paprika, turmeric, cayenne, and saffron. Stir constantly until spices are aromatic and rice becomes translucent and shiny.
Pour in sherry and cook until absorbed, about 1 minute. Cover ingredients with chicken broth. Scrape any browned bits off the bottom of the pot. Turn off Saute setting and place chicken thighs on top of the rice. Turn pressure regulator to sealing position; select Manual and set cooking time for 12 minutes at high pressure. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure using the natural-release method for 10 minutes according to manufacturer's instructions. Turn pressure regular to 'venting' and release remaining pressure. Remove lid, take out chicken thighs, and pour in tomatoes and peas. Mix well.
Switch to Saute mode and cook until liquid is mostly evaporated, 3 to 5 minutes more. Top each serving of rice with a chicken thigh.

Submitter: 
Diana71
Description: 
This is a no-seafood paella, flavored completely with chicken and smoked sausage. The recipe uses chicken thighs, which can be browned (as dictated by the recipe) to draw out the deliciousness from the skin, or cooked within the paella mixture for a lighter flavor. Either way, a super delicious dish made quickly in a pressure cooker.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
2 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 5 mins
Number of servings: 
10 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
494 calories
21.8
g fat
47.2
g carbohydrates
23.7
g protein
65
mg cholesterol
1174
mg sodium.
