URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/268099/chicken-breasts-in-dill-caper-cream-sauce/
Title:
Chicken Breasts in Dill-Caper Cream Sauce Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
4  boneless chicken breast halves, pounded very thin
¼ cup all-purpose flour
salt and ground black pepper to taste
3 tablespoons butter
3 cloves garlic, minced
½ cup white wine
1 cup heavy whipping cream
2 ½ tablespoons lemon juice
1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil
1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley
2 teaspoons dried dill weed
1 ½ teaspoons chopped fresh thyme
4 tablespoons capers, drained

Directions:
Dredge chicken breasts in flour and season with salt and pepper
Melt butter in a large skillet over medium-low heat. Add garlic and cook until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add chicken to skillet and cook over medium-high heat until chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 10 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Remove chicken from skillet, cover in aluminum foil, and keep warm.
Pour white wine into skillet and deglaze pan by scraping up all the brown bits from the bottom. Stir in cream,  lemon juice, basil, parsley, dill, and thyme; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Cook, whisking constantly until sauce is reduced and has a creamy consistency, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir capers into sauce and heat for 1 to 2 minutes more.
Plate chicken breasts and spoon sauce on top.

Submitter: 
judy2304
Description: 
I used another recipe for inspiration and came up with this recipe that is my own creation. The sauteed chicken breasts are topped with a rich and flavorful dill caper cream sauce. This sauce would also be wonderful over whitefish fillets. If you use dried herbs, reduce the quantity to 1/3, as dried herbs are more potent.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
30 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
543 calories
40.9
g fat
17.7
g carbohydrates
21.6
g protein
169
mg cholesterol
590
mg sodium.
