URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/268113/lemon-cake-pops-from-scratch/
Title:
Lemon Cake Pops from Scratch Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5861692.jpg
Ingredients:
Lemon Cake:
1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature
2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature
1 cup white sugar
4 eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 cups all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons baking powder
2 lemons, zested
Lemon Frosting:
1/4 cup cream cheese, softened
2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature
1 1/4 cups confectioners' sugar
2 teaspoons lemon juice
lollipop sticks
styrofoam block
1 (14 ounce) package confectioners' coating (such as Wilton® Candy Melts®)
1 (1.75 ounce) package multicolored candy sprinkles

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Grease a rectangular baking dish with butter.
Cream 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons butter and sugar in a bowl with an electric mixer until smooth. Add eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Combine flour and baking powder in a separate bowl and mix into the batter 1/4 cup at a time. Beat in lemon zest. Pour batter into the prepared baking dish.
Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 40 to 45 minutes. Cool on a wire rack for 5 minutes. Run a table knife around the edges to loosen. Invert carefully onto a serving plate or cooling rack. Let cool completely, 30 minutes to 1 hour.
Combine cream cheese and butter in a bowl and beat with an electric mixer until creamy. Add confectioner's sugar 1/4 cup at a time, alternating with lemon juice, mixing until frosting has the desired consistency.
Poke holes 2 to 3 inches apart into 1 side of a styrofoam block using a lollipop stick.
Trim off tops and sides of the cake. Crumble the cake into very fine crumbs using your hands. Mix in 2 tablespoons frosting until thoroughly combined. Add more frosting if necessary until mixture is smooth and sticks together.
Line a baking sheet with waxed paper. Roll the cake mixture into walnut-sized balls. Arrange cake balls on lined baking sheet and refrigerate for 30 minutes.
Melt 1/4 of the confectioners' coating in a microwave-safe glass or ceramic bowl in 15-second intervals, stirring after each melting, 1 to 3 minutes.
Poke a small hole into each cake ball with a lollipop stick. Dip lollipop sticks into the confectioners' coating and stick one into each cake ball. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.
Melt remaining confectioners' coating in a microwave-safe glass or ceramic bowl in 15-second intervals, stirring after each melting, 1 to 3 minutes. Dip cake balls into the coating; tap to remove excess coating. Scatter sprinkles over the cake balls. Stick cake pops upright in the prepared foam block. Allow to dry completely.

Submitter: 
Annalena
Description: 
These are really yummy cake pops that my kids love. If you don't like things super sweet, you can just mix the cake with cream cheese instead of frosting. Store in the refrigerator.
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Lemon Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
4 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
361 calories
20.5
g fat
42.3
g carbohydrates
4.2
g protein
75
mg cholesterol
92
mg sodium.
