URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/268281/slow-cooker-caramel-apple-butter/
Title:
Slow Cooker Caramel Apple Butter Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5960330.jpg
Ingredients:
6 pounds apples - peeled, cored, and cut into small cubes
2 cups brown sugar
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon ground allspice
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
2 (11 ounce) packages individually wrapped caramels, unwrapped

Directions:
Combine apples, brown sugar, cinnamon, allspice, salt, and cloves in a slow cooker.
Cook on High until apples are tender enough to easily mash with a fork, 3 to 5 hours. Puree apple mixture with an immersion blender until smooth.
Microwave unwrapped caramels in a microwave-safe dish until melted, about 30 seconds. Add to slow cooker and cook for 1 to 2 hours.
Inspect ten 8-ounce jars for cracks and rings for rust, discarding any defective ones. Immerse in simmering water for at least 5 minutes. Wash new, unused lids and rings in warm soapy water.
Pack apple butter into the hot, sterilized jars, filling the jars to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a knife or a thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any residue. Top with lids, and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars 2 inches apart into the boiling water using a holder. Pour in more boiling water to cover jars by at least 1 inch. Bring to a rolling boil, cover, and process for 10 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and let rest, several inches apart, for 12 to 24 hours. Press the center of each lid with a finger to ensure the lid does not move up or down. Remove the rings for storage and store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
Darla Elizabeth
Description: 
Apple butter with a creamy caramel saltiness. I like to use mixed apples. The longer the apple butter cooks, the darker it gets, and the smaller the yield.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Fruit Butters

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
17 h
Number of servings: 
80
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
61 calories
0.7
g fat
14.3
g carbohydrates
0.5
g protein
< 1
mg cholesterol
28
mg sodium.
