URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/268289/instant-potr-basic-cabbage-rolls/
Title:
Instant Pot® Basic Cabbage Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6837830.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups water
3 pounds head of savoy cabbage
1/2 cup uncooked long grain rice
1/2 cup water
1/3 pound ground beef
1/3 pound ground pork
1/3 pound ground veal
2 (28 ounce) cans tomato sauce (such as Hunt's®), divided
1/2 cup finely chopped onion
2 large cloves garlic, finely chopped
1 teaspoon dried parsley
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon salt

Directions:
Pour 1 1/2 cups water into a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)). Insert the trivet.
Remove tough outer leaves and core from the cabbage. Place cabbage, core-side down, on the trivet.
Close and lock the lid, and set vent to sealing. Select Manual function according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 9 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
While cabbage is cooking, combine rice and 1/2 cup water in a small bowl. Combine beef, pork, veal, 1/3 cup tomato sauce, onion, garlic, parsley, salt, and pepper in a separate bowl.
Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Transfer cabbage to a plate. Drain water from pot insert. Add remaining tomato sauce from the opened can and 1 teaspoon salt. Replace the trivet in the pot.
Drain rice and add to the bowl with the meat mixture.
Separate cooked cabbage leaves carefully and shave off the tough veins. Place a cabbage leaf on a work surface; fill with 2 tablespoons meat mixture and roll up, tucking in the sides. Place rolled leaf on the trivet in the pot. Continue with remaining leaves and filling, placing the first layer facing the same way and the second layer facing the opposite way. Pour the remaining can of tomato sauce over the rolls.
Close and lock the lid. Select the Stew/Meat function according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 22 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions for 10 minutes. Release remaining pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid.

Submitter: 
Bren
Description: 
Cabbage leaves stuffed with meatloaf mix, onion, and rice, cooked in the Instant Pot®.
Categories:
Main Dish
Stuffed Main Dishes
Stuffed Cabbage

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
316 calories
8.8
g fat
42.2
g carbohydrates
22.3
g protein
50
mg cholesterol
2253
mg sodium.
