URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/268318/vegetable-samosas-with-potatoes-and-peas/
Title:
Vegetable Samosas with Potatoes and Peas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/610227.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and diced
1/2 cup frozen peas
1 teaspoon garam masala
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric
1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper
Dough:
1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
6 tablespoons ice water, or more if needed
Filling:
1/4 cup butter
1 tablespoon olive oil, or as needed
1/2 cup chopped yellow onion
4 teaspoons ginger-garlic paste
1 squeeze lemon juice
1 cup vegetable oil for frying, or as needed

Directions:
Place potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until just tender, about 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, place peas in a microwave-safe bowl and cook in the microwave until heated through, 1 to 3 minutes. Set aside. Combine garam masala, salt, turmeric, and cayenne pepper in a bowl and set spice mixture aside.
Mix flour and salt together in a bowl. Drizzle in oil and rub in using your fingers. Add about 6 tablespoons ice water and work it into the dough. Add additional ice water as necessary to create a firm dough. Knead for 1 to 2 minutes and put aside to rest for 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, drain potatoes. Heat butter and oil in a large frying pan. Add onion and ginger-garlic paste; cook and stir until onions are translucent and beginning to brown, 5 to 10 minutes. Add spice mixture and stir to combine. Add cooked potatoes and stir. Mash using a fork or potato masher to the desired consistency. Add cooked peas and lemon juice; mix filling until well combined.
Knead dough and tear off approximately 10 equal-sized pieces. Roll each piece into a ball and roll each ball into a thin circle about 6 inches in diameter. Cut dough circles in half. Add a spoon of filling to each half-circle; use a finger dipped in water to wet the edges of the dough and press edges together using a fork to seal.
Heat oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Fry samosas in the hot oil until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes each.

Submitter: 
AshleyLynne
Description: 
Seemingly intimidating to make, these samosas actually couldn't be easier! Fresh, homemade, and just as good (if not better!) as they serve at your favorite Indian restaurant. There may be plenty filling left over, which can just be eaten plain.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Pastries

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
219 calories
9.9
g fat
28.2
g carbohydrates
3.9
g protein
12
mg cholesterol
522
mg sodium.
