URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/268395/louise-cake/
Title:
Louise Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
9 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature
3/4 cup white sugar
3 egg yolks, at room temperature
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 cups all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons baking powder
3/4 cup raspberry jam
Coconut Topping:
3 egg whites, at room temperature
1/4 cup white sugar
1 1/4 cups shredded coconut
1 teaspoon vanilla extract

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Lightly grease an 11x7-inch baking pan. Line with parchment paper, leaving an overhang over the edges.
Combine butter and sugar in a bowl; beat with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Add egg yolks one at a time, beating well after each addition. Mix in vanilla extract.
Sift flour and baking powder together in a bowl. Fold into the creamed mixture until dough comes together. Press dough into the lined baking pan; prick all over with a fork.
Bake in the preheated oven until set, about 10 minutes. Spread raspberry jam thinly over the cake base.
Beat egg whites in a glass, metal, or ceramic bowl until soft peaks form. Add sugar 1 tablespoon at a time, continuing to beat until stiff, glossy peaks form. Gently fold in coconut and vanilla extract. Cover the jam layer with meringue.
Bake until the meringue topping takes on a soft pink or eggshell color, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool in the pan for 2 to 3 minutes, then carefully lift out using the parchment paper. Cool on a wire rack. Cut into squares.

Submitter: 
jenniferb2626
Description: 
Louise cake is actually more of a slice than a cake and is always a special treat. The combination of coconut, jam, and meringue on a thin shortbread-style base is simply delicious. Traditionally, Louise cake is made with raspberry jam, but you can use any jam you please. The meringue will crack – this is normal! Serve with freshly whipped cream.
Categories:
Desserts
Cakes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
423 calories
19.4
g fat
58.9
g carbohydrates
5.4
g protein
89
mg cholesterol
123
mg sodium.
