URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/268333/keto-cottage-cheese-and-dill-popovers/
Title:
Keto Cottage Cheese and Dill Popovers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/891805.jpg
Ingredients:
3/4 cup small-curd cottage cheese
1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill
1 tablespoon minced onion
3 eggs
1 3/4 cups gluten-free baking flour (such as Gluten Free Mama almond or coconut blend)
1/4 teaspoon xanthan gum
1 1/4 cups milk
2 tablespoons butter, melted
1 teaspoon salt
cooking spray

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Mix cottage cheese, dill, and onion together in a small bowl. Set aside.
Add eggs, flour, xanthan gum, milk, and butter, in that order, to a blender. Blend for 15 to 20 seconds. Scrape down the sides of the blender to incorporate any dry ingredients. Add cottage cheese mixture. Gently pulse just enough to blend in. Scrape down with a rubber spatula to make sure all ingredients are evenly incorporated.
Generously spray a popover pan with cooking spray. Fill each cup about 3/4 full of batter.
Bake in the preheated oven for 32 to 35 minutes. Do not open the oven while baking. Use the cooking light if you need to check on the popovers; opening the oven will make the popovers deflate and get soggy.
Quickly pierce the side of each popover with a sharp knife. Remove from the pan and place on a cooling rack. Serve warm.

Submitter: 
Gluten Free Mama
Description: 
Popovers are great for breakfast, lunch, dinner, or even a snack, and this version is gluten free! They are easy to make and they appease even the pickiest of eaters. My favorite ingredient paired with dill is small-curd cottage cheese. It may not sound appetizing when you hear it... but believe me, it is good!

 I first learned about pairing these 2 ingredients in cooking school when we made cottage dill bread. I was hooked forever.
Categories:
Bread
Quick Bread
Popovers and Yorkshire Pudding

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
129 calories
5
g fat
16.4
g carbohydrates
6.2
g protein
56
mg cholesterol
295
mg sodium.
