URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/268317/potato-and-pea-samosas-/
Title:
Potato and Pea Samosas  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
4 potatoes, peeled and cut into 1-inch cubes
Dough:
2 cups all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
4 tablespoons vegetable oil
4 tablespoons water
5 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 1/2 medium onions, finely chopped
1 bunch fresh cilantro, chopped
3/4 cup green peas
3 green chilies, finely chopped
3 tablespoons water, or more as needed
1 tablespoon finely chopped ginger
2 tablespoons lemon juice
1 teaspoon ground coriander
1 teaspoon chaat masala
3/4 teaspoon amchur powder
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin
1/2 teaspoon garam masala
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper
salt to taste
1/4 cup water
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 cup vegetable oil for frying, or as needed

Directions:
Place potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and set aside.
Sift flour and salt together in a bowl. Add 4 tablespoons oil and rub in using your fingers until the mixture resembles coarse bread crumbs. Slowly add about 4 tablespoons water and gather dough into a stiff ball. Transfer dough to a clean work surface and knead until smooth, about 10 minutes. Set aside for at least 30 minutes.
Heat 5 tablespoons oil in a large frying pan over high heat. Add onion to hot oil and stir-fry until golden, 5 to 7 minutes. Add cilantro, peas, chiles, 3 tablespoons water, and ginger. Cover and simmer over low heat until peas are cooked, about 5 minutes. Add more water if necessary to keep pan from drying out.
Add cooked potatoes, lemon juice, coriander, chaat masala, amchur, cumin, garam masala, cayenne pepper, and salt to the frying pan. Stir to mix gently, adjust seasonings if necessary, and allow filling to cool for a few minutes.
Combine 1/4 cup water and 2 tablespoons flour in a small bowl for the glue.
Knead dough and divide into 8 balls; keep covered while assembling the samosas. Roll one ball into a circle roughly 7 inches in diameter. Cut in half using a sharp knife. Roll one half-circle into a cone with a 1/4-inch wide overlapping seam, gluing the seam together with a little bit of flour-water glue. Fill cone with 2 1/2 tablespoons of filling. Close top by using more flour-water mixture and pinching to seal. Flute top using fingers or the prongs of a fork, if desired. Repeat with remaining dough and filling.
Heat 1 cup oil in a frying pan over medium-high heat. Deep-fry samosas in the hot oil until golden, 3 to 5 minutes each.

Submitter: 
lightly salted
Description: 
Samosas are little fried Indian dough pouches filled with vegetables and/or meat. This vegetarian recipe calls for many spices. Indian and Asian specialty food stores carry most of them, but if you can't find one, season by taste as you go along. Feel free to add turmeric, mustard seeds, or dried cilantro.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Pastries

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
396 calories
18.8
g fat
50.6
g carbohydrates
7.1
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
216
mg sodium.
