URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/268419/biddys-butternut-squash-and-turkey-lasagna/
Title:
Biddy's Butternut Squash and Turkey Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5727199.jpg
Ingredients:
1 large butternut squash, peeled and cubed
2 tablespoons olive oil, or as needed
1 teaspoon dried sage
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 (20 ounce) jar spicy red pepper marinara sauce
1 small yellow onion, diced
4 cloves minced garlic, divided
olive oil, divided
1 (16 ounce) bag fresh spinach
1 pound 93% lean ground turkey
1 teaspoon Italian seasoning
1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper
9 lasagna noodles
10 ounces ricotta cheese, or more to taste
2 large eggs
1 cup shredded low-fat mozzarella cheese
1/2 cup shredded Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Toss butternut squash, olive oil, sage, salt, and black pepper together in a bowl. Transfer to a baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until soft, about 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, heat marinara sauce in a saucepan over low heat until warm, about 5 minutes. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil a saute pan over medium heat; cook and stir onion and 2 garlic cloves until golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Add onion mixture to marinara in the saucepan and remove from heat.
Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in the saute pan over medium heat. Add spinach and cook until wilted, about 3 minutes. Transfer spinach to a plate lined with paper towels to absorb the moisture; move spinach to a bowl. Add turkey, remaining garlic, Italian seasoning, and crushed red pepper to the pan. Cook until brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Season with salt and black pepper and mix into the bowl with the spinach.
Remove butternut squash from the oven and leave oven on.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook lasagna noodles in the boiling water, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Drain and lay noodles separately on a plate to keep from sticking.
Combine cooked butternut squash, ricotta cheese, and eggs together in a bowl until smooth.
Coat the bottom of a 9x13-inch baking pan with a thin layer of marinara sauce. Layer 3 lasagna noodles over the marinara, followed by ricotta mixture and ground turkey. Repeat marinara, noodles, ricotta mixture, and turkey 2 more times. Top with mozzarella cheese and Parmesan cheese.
Bake in the hot oven for about 45 minutes; let cool 10 minutes before cutting.

Submitter: 
biddy7018
Description: 
With this unique, autumnal twist on lasagna, you get the sweet goodness of butternut squash combined with moist turkey, packaged between tender noodles and stuffed with cheese.
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
Italian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
2 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
324 calories
13
g fat
36.6
g carbohydrates
18.1
g protein
70
mg cholesterol
354
mg sodium.
