URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/268488/homemade-pumpkin-ice-cream-/
Title:
Homemade Pumpkin Ice Cream  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5883306.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup homemade pumpkin puree
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 vanilla bean, halved lengthwise and seeds scraped out
2 cups heavy cream
1 1/4 cups dark brown sugar, divided
5 egg yolks
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
1 pinch salt
1 pinch ground nutmeg

Directions:
Combine pumpkin puree, vanilla extract, and scraped vanilla bean seeds in a bowl.
Combine 3/4 of the cream and 1/2 of the brown sugar in a saucepan. Bring to a gentle simmer over low heat.
Combine remaining cream, remaining sugar, egg yolks, cinnamon, ginger, salt, and nutmeg in a second bowl and stir until sugar has dissolved. Pour in hot cream mixture, 2 tablespoons at a time, stirring constantly until combined.
Pour mixture into the top of a double boiler over simmering water. Simmer until mixture thickens and no longer drips off the spatula.
Remove from heat and pass through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl. Set bowl into a larger bowl filled with ice water. Stir constantly until cooled.
Stir in pumpkin puree mixture. Cover surface with plastic wrap to prevent a skin from forming. Refrigerate for a minimum of 4 hours or up to 1 day.
Pour mixture into an ice cream maker and freeze according to manufacturer's instructions, about 20 minutes. Transfer to an airtight container and freeze until firm, about 3 hours.

Submitter: 
Naschkatze
Description: 
This is a great way to use up any leftover pumpkin from Halloween. Pumpkin puree is churned with cream and spices to make this delicious ice cream. Use homemade pumpkin puree.
Categories:
Fruits and Vegetables
Vegetables
Squash

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
7 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
345 calories
24.9
g fat
28.8
g carbohydrates
3.3
g protein
210
mg cholesterol
127
mg sodium.
