URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/268412/butternut-squash-salad-with-feta-cheese-and-caramelized-onions/
Title:
Butternut Squash Salad with Feta Cheese and Caramelized Onions Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5816670.jpg
Ingredients:
1 butternut squash, halved and seeded
1 tablespoon olive oil
2 red onions, sliced
4 tablespoons pine nuts
5 ounces crumbled feta cheese
2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 tablespoon olive oil, or to taste
1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, or to taste

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Place butternut squash in a baking dish dish, cut-side down. Fill baking dish with 1/2 inch of water.
Roast squash in the preheated oven until tender, 30 to 45 minutes. Add more water to the baking dish, if necessary, while roasting. Remove from oven and allow to cool slightly.
Meanwhile, heat olive oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Add onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until onions are soft and caramelized, about 20 minutes. Add 1 teaspoon of water to release the caramelized bits from the bottom of the skillet, if necessary.
Meanwhile, place pine nuts in a dry skillet over medium heat and toast, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, about 5 minutes.
Once butternut squash is cool enough to handle, remove skin and dice into 1-inch pieces.
Combine squash, caramelized onions, toasted pine nuts, feta cheese, mint, salt, and pepper in a mixing bowl. Toss salad to combine all ingredients, then transfer to a serving bowl or platter. Drizzle with olive oil and balsamic vinegar to serve, if desired.

Submitter: 
Diana Moutsopoulos
Description: 
This is a delicious warm salad that is perfect for any winter squash - butternut, acorn, pumpkin, etc. You could even use sweet potatoes.
Categories:
Salad

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
342 calories
19
g fat
38.3
g carbohydrates
10.3
g protein
32
mg cholesterol
448
mg sodium.
