URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/268518/air-fryer-pao-de-queijo/
Title:
Air Fryer Pao de Queijo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5837736.jpg
Ingredients:
3/4 cup sweet manioc starch (polvilho doce) (such as Yoki®)
3/4 cup sour manioc starch (polvilho azedo) (such as Yoki®)
1/4 cup whole milk
1/4 cup water
1/4 cup olive oil
1 teaspoon salt
2 eggs, lightly beaten
3/4 cup shredded Cheddar cheese
1/2 cup finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese

Directions:
Preheat an air fryer to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Mix sweet manioc and sour manioc starches together in a bowl until fully combined.
Combine milk, water, olive oil, and salt in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and add starches. Stir until liquid is absorbed; the mixture will be very dry. Remove from heat and allow mixture to cool just until safe to handle.
Add eggs to the starch mixture in the saucepan; mix until smooth and dough pulls away from the sides. Add Cheddar cheese and Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese; mix well.
Using gloved or lightly oiled hands, pinch off a golfball-sized piece of dough, roll into a ball, and place on a plate. Repeat with remaining dough. Line the air fryer with a piece of parchment paper. Place balls into the basket in batches, approximately 1 inch apart.
Bake in the air fryer until browned outside, 8 to 10 minutes. Repeat with remaining balls.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Two types of naturally gluten-free manioc starch (not tapioca) mixed with cheeses are a traditional recipe for Brazilian cheese rolls, but these are made in an air fryer instead of the oven. This cuts down baking time, and still gives you soft, chewy rolls. It is important to use both types of starches for the right flavor. They can be found in most Latin or South American grocery stores or even online.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Cheese

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
97 calories
5.5
g fat
9.2
g carbohydrates
2.7
g protein
24
mg cholesterol
185
mg sodium.
