URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/268500/instant-potr-artichokes-with-spicy-aioli/
Title:
Instant Pot® Artichokes with Spicy Aioli Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6505227.jpg
Ingredients:
1 lemon, halved
1/3 cup mayonnaise (such as Hellman's®)
1/2 teaspoon dried parsley
1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika
7 cloves garlic, peeled, divided
4 large whole artichokes
1 cup water
2 sprigs fresh parsley
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 bay leaf

Directions:
Juice 1 lemon half into a bowl. Roughly chop the skin; place in a medium bowl of cold water.
Place mayonnaise in a small bowl and add 1 tablespoon lemon juice, dried parsley, and paprika. Finely chop 2 garlic cloves and add to the bowl. Mix well and refrigerate aioli for at least 1 hour.
Cut 1 inch off the top of the artichokes and pinch off any dry leaves. Snip off the spikes with kitchen shears. Place artichokes in the lemon water for 30 minutes to prevent the chokes from oxidizing.
Chop the remaining lemon half and place in the bottom of a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) along with any remaining lemon juice. Add 1 cup water, 1 whole garlic clove, fresh parsley, salt, pepper, and bay leaf. Place 1 garlic clove in the center of each artichoke.
Place a steam rack inside the pot and place the artichokes stem-side up onto the rack. Close and lock the lid. Select Manual function; set timer for 11 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Serve artichokes with the aioli.

Submitter: 
Bren
Description: 
Instant Pot® steamed artichokes with lots of garlic pair perfectly with spicy aioli. The chokes are done when a knife can easily be inserted into the stem. Enjoy!
Categories:
Side Dish
Vegetables

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
227 calories
15.1
g fat
23.3
g carbohydrates
6.6
g protein
7
mg cholesterol
307
mg sodium.
