URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/268619/ghirardelli-chocolate-peanut-butter-thumbprint-cookies/
Title:
Ghirardelli Chocolate-Peanut Butter Thumbprint Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5925148.jpg
Ingredients:
Cookies:
1 cup unsalted butter, softened
1 cup granulated sugar
1 cup packed light brown sugar
1 cup creamy peanut butter
2 large eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
3 cups all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
Filling:
1 (12 ounce) bag Ghirardelli Semi-Sweet Chocolate Baking Chips
1/4 cup heavy cream
2 tablespoons salted butter
1 (11 ounce) package Ghirardelli Grand Semi-Sweet Chocolate Baking Chips

Directions:
Prepare the Cookies: Beat butter, granulated sugar, brown sugar, and peanut butter with a heavy-duty stand mixer fitted with paddle attachment on medium speed until smooth, 1 to 2 minutes. Add eggs, one at a time, beating just until incorporated after each addition. Beat in vanilla.
Whisk together flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl; gradually add to butter mixture, beating on low speed just until blended and smooth. Cover and chill 1 hour.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.
Scoop dough into balls using a 1-inch cookie scoop (about 1/2 tablespoon); place 2 inches apart on parchment paper-lined baking sheets. Press your thumb or the end of a wooden spoon into center of each ball, forming an indentation. Keep unused dough chilled while baking cookies.
Bake, in batches, in preheated oven until lightly browned, 10 to 11 minutes. Cool on baking sheets 5 minutes; transfer to wire racks. Lightly press your thumb into indentations again while cookies are warm to reinforce shape. Cool completely, about 30 minutes.
Prepare the Filling: Place first bag of Ghirardelli Semi-Sweet Chocolate Baking Chips, heavy cream, and butter in a medium-size microwaveable bowl, and microwave on medium (50% power) until melted and smooth, 1 1/2 to 2 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds. Let stand 15 minutes.
Transfer filling to a piping bag or a heavy-duty zip-top bag with 1/2 inch snipped from 1 corner.
Pipe filling into indentation in each cookie, about 1 teaspoon per cookie. Press 3 Ghirardelli Grand Semi-Sweet Chocolate Chips onto the filling of each cookie. Let stand until chocolate filling is firm, about 1 hour.

Submitter: 
Ghirardelli
Description: 
Peanut butter and chocolate meet here with the elevated--but easy!--upgrade of a rich, chocolaty ganache center. Soft on the inside and slightly crisp on the outside, this delicious treat creates a melt-in-your-mouth experience that's perfect for a cookie swap, teachers' gifts, or to treat your neighbors. Or keep all to yourself and serve with vanilla ice cream.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
Ghirardelli&#174;

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
3 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
108
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
90 calories
5.2
g fat
11.1
g carbohydrates
1.3
g protein
9
mg cholesterol
38
mg sodium.
