URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/268789/gluten-free-chicken-and-waffles/
Title:
Gluten-Free Chicken and Waffles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/5873168.jpg
Ingredients:
¾ pound chicken tenders
1 cup buttermilk
¾ cup maple syrup
1 ½ tablespoons butter, at room temperature
1 tablespoon sriracha sauce, or to taste
1 cup superfine white rice flour
3  eggs
2 cups crushed corn flakes
1 cup bread crumbs
2 teaspoons Creole seasoning
½ teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon ground black pepper
9 slices bacon
vegetable oil for frying
2  egg whites
⅛ teaspoon cream of tartar
½ cup brown rice flour
½ cup superfine white rice flour
¼ cup cornstarch
1 tablespoon baking powder (optional)
1 tablespoon powdered milk (optional)
1 pinch salt
1 cup milk
1 tablespoon honey
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 teaspoon vanilla extract

Directions:
Put chicken tenders in a zip-top bag and pour in buttermilk. Refrigerate for 2 hours or up to 4 hours. Allow chicken to reach room temperature before cooking.
Stir maple syrup, butter, and sriracha sauce together to create the condiment. Set aside.
Place 1 cup white rice flour in a bowl. Whisk eggs together in a shallow dish. Mix corn flakes, bread crumbs, Creole seasoning, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and pepper together in another shallow dish.
Drain chicken and discard buttermilk. Dredge a chicken tender in the bowl of white rice flour, shaking off any excess. Dip into beaten egg. Lift up so excess egg drips back in the bowl. Press into bread crumb mixture to coat both sides. Place the breaded tender onto a plate. Continue process with the remaining chicken tenders. Run the tenders through the egg wash and dredge through the crumb mixture a second time. Tap and allow excess to fall off.
Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Cook bacon until slightly crispy and fat is rendered, about 4 minutes per side. Let bacon drain on a wire rack over paper towels. Increase heat to medium-high. Add vegetable oil to the bacon grease and heat to between 350 to 375 degrees F (175 to 190 degrees C).
Fry tenders in the hot oil until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 6 to 8 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Place chicken on the rack with the bacon.
Preheat a waffle iron according to manufacturer's instructions.
Whisk egg whites and cream of tartar on medium high speed in the bowl of a stand mixer until stiff peaks form.
Sift brown rice flour, 1/2 cup white rice flour, cornstarch, baking powder, powdered milk, and a pinch of salt together in a mixing bowl twice. Make a well in the center. Pour in milk, honey, oil, and vanilla extract while lightly stirring. Do not overmix. Fold in egg whites until just combined; leaving pillows of egg whites will create fluffy pockets in the waffles.
Cook batter in the waffle iron according to manufacturer's instructions, or until waffle is golden brown and the iron stops steaming, about 5 minutes. Repeat with remaining batter to make 6 waffles. This batter will make 7 total; you can freeze the remaining waffle if desired.
Heat maple syrup sauce in the microwave for 1 minute. Place waffles on serving plates. Top each with 3 slices of bacon. Divide chicken between the waffles and top with sauce.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Crispy fried chicken tenders and bacon served on a waffle topped with a creamy, spicy maple sauce will convince you to put your diet on hold for a day. And even though it's all gluten-free, it won't matter to your glutenivores.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
3 hrs 15 mins
Number of servings: 
2 hrs
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
716 calories
20.1
g fat
102.1
g carbohydrates
30.7
g protein
154
mg cholesterol
1417
mg sodium.
