URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/268838/stuffing-muffins/
Title:
Stuffing Muffins Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5902064.jpg
Ingredients:
8 ounces ground sweet Italian sausage
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
1/2 onion, finely chopped
2 celery stalks, finely chopped
1 Granny Smith apple - peeled, cored, and diced
1 teaspoon ground sage
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon oregano
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon black pepper
1 1/2 cups chicken broth
2 eggs
5 cups cornbread stuffing mix (such as Pepperidge Farm®)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. For best results, use paper baking cups in a 12-cup muffin tin.
Wash and dry all produce.
Cook sausage in a frying pan over medium-high heat, breaking into small crumbles, until no longer pink, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain the sausage, reserving the fat. Place sausage into a large mixing bowl.
Pour olive oil into the pan with the sausage fat. Add onion and saute for 2 to 3 minutes. Add celery and apple and cook for about 4 minutes, or until soft and translucent, scraping the bottom of the pan to release any crispy bits of food. Stir in the seasonings and sausage crumbles; stir for about 1 minute. Remove from heat.
In a small bowl, mix broth and eggs together with a whisk until blended.
Add the stuffing, egg mixture, and onion-sausage mixture back into the large bowl. Mix well, taking care not to overwork the cornbread stuffing.
Spoon stuffing mixture into the muffin cups. Gently press the stuffing into the cups and form rounded tops. A large ice cream scoop works great to pack the stuffing into the cups.
Bake 20 to 24 minutes, or until golden brown and cooked throughout. Remove from muffin tin and place on a cooling rack for a couple of minutes before serving. You can remove the paper liner prior to serving if desired.

Submitter: 
Food City
Description: 
Stuffing muffins are a fun twist on the traditional holiday favorite, packed with sweet Italian sausage, cornbread stuffing mix, and Granny Smith apples.
Categories:
Side Dish
Stuffing and Dressing
Sausage Stuffing and Dressing

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
304 calories
8.4
g fat
46.6
g carbohydrates
10.9
g protein
39
mg cholesterol
1600
mg sodium.
