URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/268856/green-chile-pesto-with-roasted-chayote-squash/
Title:
Green Chile Pesto with Roasted Chayote Squash Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5902046.jpg
Ingredients:
For the Pesto:
6 serrano peppers
6 cloves garlic, unpeeled
1 poblano pepper
1 bunch fresh cilantro with stems
1/2 bunch fresh Italian parsley
1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt
3/4 cup olive oil
For the Chayote Squash Side Dish:
3 chayote squash
1 tablespoon olive oil
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
1 lime, juiced
1/3 cup crumbled soft goat cheese
1 teaspoon pumpkin seeds, or to taste (optional)

Directions:
Heat a dry skillet over medium-high heat. Place serrano chiles and garlic in the hot skillet. Cook until blistered and browned on the outside and slightly softened, 5 to 7 minutes. Roast poblano over an open flame until blackened all over; wrap up in a paper towel to let steam.
Place serranos and garlic in a bowl; let cool until safe to handle. Peel the garlic and remove stems and seeds from serranos and poblano.
Place cilantro and parsley in a blender. Add peppers, garlic, salt, and olive oil. Pulse on and off, scraping down the sides if necessary, until puree is fairly smooth and slightly coarse. Store pesto in a bowl until ready to use.
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Halve and quarter chayote lengthwise. Remove seeds and cut into 1-inch pieces. Place on a lined baking sheet. Toss with olive oil and salt.
Bake in the preheated oven until chayote is just barely fork-tender and lightly browned, about 30 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and add lime juice, 2 to 3 heaping spoonfuls of pesto, and goat cheese. Transfer salad to a serving dish and garnish with pumpkin seeds.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
Inspired by Rick Bayless's green chile adobo, this beautiful pesto goes great in a roasted chayote side dish, or warm salad. If you can't find chayote, use grilled zucchini or other summer squash, or even something like acorn or delicata squash. You can add 2 limes' worth of juice right to the pesto if you're going to use it all at once as a sauce for something. Otherwise, this keeps longer in the fridge if you omit it and add the juice of 1 lime to the chayote instead.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Sauces

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
243 calories
24.1
g fat
6.4
g carbohydrates
2.6
g protein
5
mg cholesterol
519
mg sodium.
