URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/268804/cajun-cauliflower-fries-with-smoky-remoulade/
Title:
Cajun Cauliflower Fries with Smoky Remoulade Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5886387.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup mayonnaise
1 tablespoon minced dill pickle
2 teaspoons spicy brown mustard
1 teaspoon Louisiana-style hot pepper sauce
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1 medium head cauliflower, cut into florets
1/2 cup shredded Cheddar cheese
2 ounces cream cheese
1 large egg
3 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon dried parsley
2 teaspoons seafood seasoning (such as Old Bay®)
cooking spray

Directions:
Combine mayonnaise, pickle, mustard, hot sauce, garlic powder, paprika, and cayenne pepper in a small bowl. Mix well and refrigerate remoulade until ready to use.
Place cauliflower in a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave for 6 minutes. Transfer to a food processor in batches and process to the consistency of rice. Place riced cauliflower in the center of a clean dish towel and squeeze out as much liquid as possible.
Combine Cheddar cheese and cream cheese in a large microwave-safe bowl. Heat for 30 seconds. Stir and heat 30 seconds more. Add riced cauliflower, egg, Parmesan cheese, flour, parsley, and seafood seasoning and stir until evenly combined. Cover and refrigerate dough for 1 hour.
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Use clean hands to form cauliflower dough into wedge shapes and place on the prepared baking sheet. Lightly spray the top of each wedge with cooking spray.
Bake in the preheated oven until crispy, 35 to 40 minutes. Serve with remoulade for dipping.

Submitter: 
Soup Loving Nicole
Description: 
Cut carbs by making fries with cauliflower instead of potatoes. You'll need to plan ahead for this, but they are so flavorful you'll be glad you did.
Categories:
Side Dish
Vegetables
Cauliflower

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
195 calories
17.1
g fat
5.9
g carbohydrates
5.5
g protein
45
mg cholesterol
381
mg sodium.
