URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/268927/instant-pot-french-dip/
Title:
Instant Pot® French Dip Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6599197.jpg
Ingredients:
2 pounds beef cross rib roast, surface fat removed
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 tablespoons avocado oil, or more as needed
1 medium onion, finely chopped
2 large cloves garlic, finely chopped
1/4 cup dry red wine
2 cups beef broth
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon dried parsley
1 teaspoon dried thyme
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon browning sauce
8 slices provolone cheese, or to taste
8 ciabatta rolls, split

Directions:
Let roast come to room temperature, about 1 hour. Season with salt and pepper.
Heat oil in a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) on Saute mode. Add roast; sear on all sides until well browned, about 3 minutes per side. Remove from pot.
Add more oil if necessary; add onion and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and saute until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Pour wine into the pot and bring to a boil while scraping the browned bits of food off the bottom with a wooden spoon.
Add roast, beef broth, soy sauce, vinegar, salt, parsley, thyme, and pepper to the pot; stir. Close and lock the lid. Select Meat/Stew function according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 60 minutes.
Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, at least 20 minutes.
Remove roast and transfer to a bowl. Strain broth through a fine-mesh strainer. Skim the fat from the top and add browning sauce. Shred beef using 2 forks and add 1 cup of the broth. Divide remaining broth between individual ramekins.
Place provolone cheese on 1/2 of the ciabatta slices and toast all the bread until cheese has melted. Add beef to each sandwich and dip each into broth to serve.

Submitter: 
Bren
Description: 
Not a traditional French dip recipe, but it is melt-in-your-mouth-tender and moist. Add chipotle mayo if desired.
Categories:
Main Dish
Sandwiches
Beef

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
2 h 55 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
463 calories
22.8
g fat
32.9
g carbohydrates
28.5
g protein
59
mg cholesterol
1245
mg sodium.
