URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/268903/orange-pear-butter/
Title:
Orange Pear Butter Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
10 pounds pears - peeled, cored, and chopped
1 cup freshly squeezed orange juice
2 teaspoons orange zest
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom
1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and seeds scraped
4 cups white sugar

Directions:
Combine pears and orange juice in a large Dutch oven. Stir in orange zest, cinnamon, nutmeg, cardamom, and vanilla bean seeds. Bring to a boil. Cover, reduce heat, and simmer until pears are tender, 45 minutes to 1 hour.
Puree pears in a food processor or using a food mill. Return pear puree to the Dutch oven. Stir in sugar until dissolved. Cook and stir over medium heat, uncovered, until thickened, 30 to 40 minutes.
Inspect 10 pint jars for cracks and rings for rust, discarding any defective ones. Immerse in simmering water until pear butter is ready. Wash new, unused lids and rings in warm soapy water.
Pack pear butter into hot, sterilized jars, filling to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a clean knife or thin spatula around the insides of the jars to remove any air bubbles. Wipe rims with a moist paper towel to remove any residue. Cover with metal lids and screw on rings.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars 2 inches apart into the boiling water using a holder. Pour in more boiling water to cover jars by at least 1 inch. Bring to a rolling boil, cover, and process for 5 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and let rest, several inches apart, for 12 to 24 hours. Press the center of each lid with a finger to ensure the lid does not move up or down. Remove the rings for storage and store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
bulldogmom
Description: 
This pear butter is really great on toast, pancakes, and tea biscuits.
 I got this recipe from my mom. My brother has 4 pear trees and she can't stand to see the pears to waste.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Fruit Butters

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
14 h
Number of servings: 
160
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
37 calories
0
g fat
9.7
g carbohydrates
0.1
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
< 1
mg sodium.
