URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269005/brown-rice-chicken-and-chorizo-paella/
Title:
Brown Rice, Chicken, and Chorizo Paella Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6311685.jpg
Ingredients:
2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon Spanish smoked paprika
1 teaspoon red pepper (optional)
1 teaspoon ground turmeric (optional)
1/2 teaspoon saffron
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, or to taste
4 boneless chicken thighs, cut into small pieces
1/2 pound Spanish chorizo, cut into 1/4-inch slices
1 large onion, chopped
1 red bell pepper, chopped
1/4 cup chopped parsley (optional)
6 cloves garlic, chopped
2 cups short-grain brown rice
1 tomato, chopped
1 (6 ounce) jar roasted red peppers, drained and chopped
1 (32 ounce) carton chicken broth
2 cups frozen peas and carrots, thawed
2 tablespoons sliced black olives
1 tablespoon capers
1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, or to taste (optional)

Directions:
Measure salt, paprika, red pepper, turmeric, and saffron into a small bowl and set spice mixture aside.
Heat olive oil in paella pan or large pot over medium heat. Add chicken and chorizo and cook until browned, 5 to 10 minutes. Transfer meat to a platter. Add onion, bell pepper, parsley, and garlic to the pot. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Add rice, tomato, and roasted red peppers. Cook until rice begins to brown, about 5 minutes more. Add spice mixture and broth. Return chicken and chorizo to the pot, burying them in the paella.
Increase heat to high and bring the pot to a boil, stirring every 10 minutes. Reduce heat to medium and cook, uncovered, 50 to 55 minutes more. Add thawed peas and carrots, black olives, capers, and apple cider vinegar and stir. Cook until everything is heated through, 3 to 5 more minutes.

Submitter: 
Mariposa
Description: 
My husband is a Spaniard, so I started looking into paella. It took me 4 times to get this right. It has become his favorite dish and expects me to make this every week. I have tweaked this recipe to our taste, so the red pepper, capers, and black olives are simply a preference for us. The vinegar is a Spanish thing, so I always add it. You can leave a little broth in the paella, or cook until the broth is fully absorbed.  It is simply a preference.
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
Spanish

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
465 calories
22
g fat
43.3
g carbohydrates
21.9
g protein
63
mg cholesterol
1631
mg sodium.
