URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269030/instant-pot-yankee-pot-roast/
Title:
Instant Pot® Yankee Pot Roast Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7074029.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (3 1/2) pound boneless beef chuck roast
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon kosher salt
1 1/2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper
3 tablespoons olive oil
1 large yellow onion, diced
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 1/2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary
1 cup beef stock, divided
3/4 cup Merlot wine
2 tablespoons tomato paste
1 bay leaf
aluminum foil
2 cups baby carrots
2 cups frozen pearl onions
3 stalks celery, cut into 2-inch pieces
fresh rosemary sprigs, for garnish

Directions:
Pat chuck roast dry with a paper towel. Stir together flour, salt, and pepper in a small bowl. Sprinkle flour mixture all over the roast, pressing lightly to ensure it sticks to the meat.
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) and select Saute function. Add oil. Add roast to the hot oil and cook, without turning, until browned, about 3 minutes. Turn roast to brown each side, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer roast to a plate.
Add onion, garlic, and minced rosemary to the pot; cook, stirring often, until onion is translucent, about 6 minutes. Add beef stock, wine, and tomato paste and simmer while scraping the browned bits of food off the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Return roast to the pot along with bay leaf.
Close and lock the lid, select Meat/Stew function, and set timer for 40 minutes.
Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Transfer roast to a plate and tent with aluminum foil for 15 minutes.
Add carrots, pearl onions, and celery to the pot. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 4 minutes. Allow 5 to 10 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid.
Slice roast against the grain, or use 2 forks to pull meat into chunks. Transfer roast, vegetables, and sauce to a serving platter. Discard bay leaf and garnish with rosemary sprigs.

Submitter: 
Jill Sander
Description: 
This kind of pressure cooking turns complex weekend-only dishes into everyday fare. 
For this Instant Pot® recipe, I adapted our recipe for classic Yankee pot roast, using baby carrots and frozen pearl onions to cut down on prep time. Coating the roast with seasoned flour before browning adds flavor and helps thicken the sauce--an important step in a sealed system where water can't evaporate. Spoon the sauce over the beef and vegetables alongside mashed potatoes, buttered egg noodles, or rice.
Categories:
Main Dish
Beef
Pot Roast

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
14
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
252 calories
15.8
g fat
10.1
g carbohydrates
14.5
g protein
52
mg cholesterol
496
mg sodium.
