URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269042/vegan-cesnecka/
Title:
Vegan Cesnecka Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5564199.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons vegan margarine (such as Earth Balance®)
1 small onion, chopped
6 cloves garlic, crushed, or more to taste
1 tablespoon caraway seeds
1 teaspoon salt, or to taste
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
5 cups water
1 tablespoon vegetarian chicken-flavored bouillon granules
3 potatoes, diced
Croutons:
2 slices bread, cubed, or more as needed
1 tablespoon vegan margarine (such as Earth Balance®)
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 pinch oregano, or to taste
1 pinch onion powder, or to taste
1 pinch garlic powder, or to taste

Directions:
Heat margarine in a medium-sized pot over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and cook until onion is soft and translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. Add caraway seeds, salt, and pepper and cook for another minute. Add water and mix in bouillon. Bring soup to a boil, about 5 minutes. Add potatoes, adjusting water as needed to cover potatoes by a few inches. Reduce heat to a simmer and cook until potatoes are soft, but not mushy, 15 to 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, toss cubed bread in a pan with margarine over medium heat. Sprinkle salt, pepper, oregano, onion powder, and garlic powder on top. Cook, shaking the pan occasionally to cook evenly, until crouton are crisped, about 10 minutes.

Submitter: 
Alana L.
Description: 
Cesnecka (aka Czech garlic soup) is a common starter in the Czech Republic. Czech cuisine is not exactly the most vegan-friendly, and most recipes call for loads of lard, butter, and chicken/beef broth. So here's my veganized version that is much more heart-healthy and Czech-approved! Garnish with vegan cheese, if you like.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Vegetable Soup
Potato Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
239 calories
7.6
g fat
38.9
g carbohydrates
5.1
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
813
mg sodium.
