URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269175/cold-brew-coffee-ice-cream/
Title:
Cold Brew Coffee Ice Cream Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5969688.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups heavy cream, divided
3/4 cup coffee beans, coarsely ground
1 cup milk
1/2 cup superfine sugar
3 tablespoons nonfat dry milk powder
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 tablespoons milk
2 teaspoons tapioca starch
2 tablespoons coffee-flavored liqueur (such as Kahlua®) (optional)

Directions:
Combine 1 cup cream and coffee in a container. Stir to combine; seal and let steep in the refrigerator, 8 hours to overnight.
Remove the cream mixture from the refrigerator. Line a fine-mesh sieve with cheesecloth and place over a medium saucepan. Strain the mixture, squeezing the cheesecloth to extract as much liquid as possible. Discard the cheesecloth and its contents.
Add remaining cream and 1 cup milk to the saucepan. Bring to a gentle simmer over medium-low heat. Stir in sugar, milk powder, and vanilla extract. Simmer until well combined, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from heat. Whisk 2 tablespoons milk with tapioca starch. Stir into the hot ice cream base. Stir in coffee liqueur.
Cool ice cream base to room temperature, at least 20 minutes. Refrigerate, 4 hours to overnight.
Churn ice cream base in an ice cream maker according to manufacturer's instructions, about 20 minutes. Pack into a freezer-safe container. Freeze until firm, at least 6 hours.

Submitter: 
LauraF
Description: 
Coffee ice cream is my favorite flavor, and I wanted to see if I could use the cold brew technique to get pure coffee flavor in the base. I think it worked very well. I added chunks of ganache and cacao nibs after churning the ice cream. You can try any add-ins you like!
Categories:
Desserts
Frozen Desserts
Ice Cream

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
18 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
303 calories
22.7
g fat
20.4
g carbohydrates
3.6
g protein
85
mg cholesterol
56
mg sodium.
