URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269195/habanero-pineapple-jam/
Title:
Habanero Pineapple Jam Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1044375.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (20 ounce) can crushed pineapple
6 1/2 cups white sugar
1 1/2 cups apple cider vinegar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 red bell pepper, minced
12 habanero peppers - stems and membranes removed, minced
1 cup shredded carrots
3/4 cup powdered fruit pectin, or more to taste

Directions:
Drain pineapple well, reserving 1/2 cup pineapple juice.
Inspect 8 half-pint jars for cracks and rings for rust, discarding any defective ones. Wash new, unused lids and rings in warm soapy water. Place jars and lids on a rack in a large pot of boiling water; sterilize for about 5 minutes. Remove jars from water and place on kitchen towel or wooden board.
Mix sugar, apple cider vinegar, and salt together in an 8-quart pot and cook over medium heat to dissolve the sugar. Bring to a boil and add the pineapple, reserved pineapple juice, minced bell pepper, habanero peppers, and carrots. Bring back to a rapid boil for about 5 minutes, stirring constantly.
Add powdered pectin, 1 tablespoon at a time, mixing well after each addition. Let jam boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Remove from heat and ladle into sterilized jars, leaving 1/4 inch at the top. Wipe off any spillage around the rims of the jars using a damp paper towel.
Screw on tops and rings. Place the sealed jars back in boiling water for 5 to 10 minutes. Remove jars from boiling water and place on kitchen towel or wooden board. Allow to cool completely, 12 to 24 hours. Listen for a "pop" as jars cool and seal.

Submitter: 
bsmizzel
Description: 
This is a recipe devised to use a bounty of habaneros grown by my uncle and given to me. I mixed and matched pieces from recipes found on the internet to come up with one that has these beautiful colors, flavors, and texture.

 I love to serve this on top of a softened block of cream cheese with butter crackers as an appetizer. It's also a great marinade/glaze (when mixed with a bit of soy sauce) for pork and chicken.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Jams and Jellies

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
12 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
64
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
87 calories
0
g fat
22.1
g carbohydrates
0.1
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
20
mg sodium.
