URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269154/sheet-pan-thanksgiving-cornish-hen-dinner/
Title:
Sheet Pan Thanksgiving Cornish Hen Dinner Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5940095.jpg
Ingredients:
cooking spray
3 pounds potatoes, peeled and sliced into rounds
2 carrots, cut into large chunks
1 onion, cut into large slices
1 tablespoon olive oil
2 tablespoons Italian seasoning, divided
2 tablespoons butter, softened
2 (2 pound) Cornish game hens
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1/2 wedge lemon
1/2 cup chicken broth
1/2 tablespoon all purpose flour, or more as needed
2 tablespoons water, or more as needed

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F (260 degrees C). Spray a large sheet pan with cooking spray.
Arrange potatoes, carrots, and onion on the sheet pan in a single layer. Drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle 1 tablespoon Italian seasoning on top.
Mix butter and 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning together until well blended.
Rinse hens well, inside and out, under cool running water. Remove bag from inside the cavity. Pat the hens dry with paper towels. Season the cavity with salt and pepper. Make a pocket between the skin and the meat with your fingers, being careful not to rip the skin.
Divide butter mixture between the hens and place it between the breast meat and skin. Place hens on top of the potato and onion mixture. Season the outsides with salt, pepper, and remaining Italian seasoning. Place lemon inside the cavity of the hen. Pour chicken broth into the bottom of the sheet pan.
Roast in the preheated oven until hens are nicely browned, 35 to 45 minutes. Tent the hens with foil during the last few minutes of cooking to prevent overbrowning, if needed. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh, near the bone, should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Remove from the oven, cover with a doubled sheet of aluminum foil, and allow to rest in a warm area for 10 minutes before slicing.
Meanwhile, drain about 1/2 cup of the pan drippings from beneath the vegetables into a small saucepan to start the gravy. Bring to a boil. Mix flour and cold water together and add to the pan drippings, whisking until desired consistency is reached. Serve gravy alongside Cornish hens.

Submitter: 
tcasa
Description: 
Make Thanksgiving dinner yet more elegant when everyone gets their own individual Cornish hen. Place root vegetables under hens and roast on a sheet pan until cooked. The juices from the hen season the vegetables. Delicious! Can store seasoning, covered, for 6 months.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Chicken
Cornish Hens

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
591 calories
16
g fat
68
g carbohydrates
44.3
g protein
181
mg cholesterol
370
mg sodium.
