URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269177/loaded-twice-baked-sweet-potatoes/
Title:
Loaded Twice-Baked Sweet Potatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5973737.jpg
Ingredients:
4 orange-fleshed sweet potatoes
1/2 tablespoon olive oil
1 (8 ounce) package bacon, diced
1/3 cup sliced green onions
1/4 cup diced jalapeno peppers
salt to taste
freshly ground black pepper to taste
cayenne pepper to taste
1/2 cup shredded sharp white Cheddar cheese
2 tablespoons creme fraiche
2 teaspoons fresh lime juice
2 tablespoons shredded sharp white Cheddar cheese, or to taste

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Place sweet potatoes on a baking sheet. Prick with a knife and drizzle with olive oil; rub to coat. Space sweet potatoes evenly apart.
Bake in the preheated oven until completely tender, about 35 minutes.
Meanwhile, add bacon to a pan over medium heat. Cook and stir until bacon starts to get crispy and the fat turns foamy, 4 to 5 minutes. Add green onions and jalapeno; cook and stir for 1 minute. Remove from heat and set aside.
Let sweet potatoes cool until safe to handle. Leave the oven on. Cut off the top 1/3 of each potato, holding the knife at a 45-degree angle. Scoop out sweet potato flesh from both the top and bottom halves, leaving at least 1/4 inch flesh in the bottoms to make the shells.
Season the sweet potato flesh with salt, pepper, and cayenne. Add 1/2 cup cheese, creme fraiche, and lime juice. Mash with a potato masher. Add the bacon mixture and mix until combined. Spoon filling into the sweet potato shells. Lightly scatter remaining cheese on top.
Bake until heated through and tops have started to brown, 20 to 25 minutes.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
They say your greatest strength is also your biggest weakness; the same starchy sweetness that makes this tuber such a popular holiday side dish also can lead to palate fatigue. That's why I've enlisted bacon, lime, jalapeno, green onions, and sharp Cheddar to make these twice-baked sweet potatoes more addictive than in any Thanksgiving past. You can prep them ahead of time and then bake when you're ready to serve.
Categories:
Side Dish
Vegetables
Sweet Potatoes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
464 calories
18.5
g fat
59.3
g carbohydrates
16.4
g protein
50
mg cholesterol
740
mg sodium.
