URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269245/thai-walnut-bbq-chicken-bowl/
Title:
Thai Walnut BBQ Chicken Bowl Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6020082.jpg
Ingredients:
Marinade:
3 tablespoons soy sauce
2 tablespoons fish sauce
3 tablespoons cooking sherry
2 tablespoons brown sugar
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
2 minced garlic cloves
1/4 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper flakes
Bowls:
4 boneless, skinless chicken thighs
2 red bell peppers, thickly sliced
1 cup cooked brown rice
4 cups fresh arugula
1 cup canned garbanzo beans, drained and rinsed
1 cup California walnuts halves and pieces
Sweet and Sour Dipping Sauce:
2/3 cup rice vinegar
1/3 cup brown sugar
1/2 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper flakes
1 tablespoon fish sauce

Directions:
Combine all ingredients for marinade in a bowl and stir well to dissolve the sugar. Add chicken and red pepper slices. Cover and place in the refrigerator to marinate for at least 2 hours.
Make dipping sauce by adding all ingredients into a saucepan. Stir and bring to a boil. Reduce heat slightly and keep at a gentle boil. When sauce is reduced by 1/3, remove from heat. The sauce will thicken as it sits.
Preheat grill. Brush grill grates with oil or spray with cooking spray.
Place chicken and red pepper slices on grill grate and grill on medium heat, turning occasionally, until chicken is no longer pink in the center and peppers are charred, 8 to 10 minutes.
In a serving bowl, layer brown rice, arugula, roasted red peppers, garbanzo beans, sliced grilled chicken, and walnuts. Drizzle with warm sweet and sour sauce.

Submitter: 
California Walnuts
Description: 
Chicken thighs and bell peppers are marinated in a Thai-inspired sauce, then grilled and combined with walnuts, chickpeas, and arugula to make the ultimate rice bowl!
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
California Walnut Board

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
2 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
