URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269201/holiday-seitan-roast/
Title:
Holiday Seitan Roast Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1749635.jpg
Ingredients:
Filling:
1/4 cup butter, melted
1/4 cup olive oil
3 large onions, finely chopped
1 pound mushrooms, finely chopped
1 teaspoon white truffle oil
salt and ground black pepper to taste
Seitan:
3 cups vital wheat gluten
2 tablespoons garlic powder
1 tablespoon onion powder
2 teaspoons lemon-pepper seasoning
2 cups cold water
1 cup red wine
2 tablespoons molasses
1/2 teaspoon liquid smoke flavoring

Directions:
Heat butter and oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add onions and mushrooms. Cook and stir until very brown, 10 to 15 minutes. Drizzle truffle oil on top and season with salt and pepper. The filling should paste-like. Set aside to cool while you make the seitan.
Measure vital wheat gluten into a large bowl. Add garlic powder, onion powder, and lemon-pepper seasoning.
Mix cold water and wine together in a separate bowl. Stir in molasses and liquid smoke until dissolved. Add liquid mixture to vital wheat gluten and stir to a dough-like consistency. Separate dough into 2 rolls and knead each for a few minutes, until dough feels similar to pizza dough. Stretch each portion into an 8x10-inch oblong, being careful not to create holes in the dough.
Spread cooled mushroom mixture equally onto each dough oblong and roll up tightly, like a jelly roll. Wrap each roll with aluminum foil and twist ends closed tightly.
Place a steamer insert into a large saucepan and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer. Bring water to a boil. Add aluminum-foil-wrapped seitan rolls, cover, and steam for 1 hour.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Unwrap steamed seitan rolls and place in a roasting pan. Baste with olive oil.
Bake in the preheated oven until browned, about 20 minutes.

Submitter: 
pho1962
Description: 
A rich, dense 'roast' for the holidays that slices into festive medallions. I serve this like a roast, garnished with mushrooms and baby potatoes. Mushroom gravy is also delicious with this.
Categories:
Everyday Cooking
Vegan

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
2 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
269 calories
9.2
g fat
20.7
g carbohydrates
21
g protein
10
mg cholesterol
124
mg sodium.
