URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269239/cabbage-sausage-stew/
Title:
Cabbage-Sausage Stew Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5996958.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons avocado oil
1 1/4 pounds smoked sausage, cut into 1-inch pieces
5 carrots, chopped
4 medium potatoes, peeled and cut into 1-inch pieces
1 medium sweet onion, cut into 1-inch pieces
3 cups chicken broth
3 grinds black pepper, or to taste
1 small head cabbage, cored and quartered
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
water, or as needed

Directions:
Preheat a 6-quart Dutch oven over medium heat. Add avocado oil to the warm pan and heat until it shimmers, about 1 minute. Add sausage pieces, cut-side down, and heat until browned, 1 to 2 minutes. Turn and brown on the other side, about 1 to 2 minutes more. Transfer sausage to a plate and reserve juices in the pan.
Add carrots, potatoes, and onion to the Dutch oven and stir to coat with pan juices. Add chicken broth and black pepper, stirring to combine. Return browned sausage to the pan on top of the vegetables, and place cabbage wedges on top of kielbasa. Bring broth to a boil, about 5 minutes, then cover the Dutch oven and reduce heat to a simmer. Cook until vegetables are fork tender, about 20 minutes.
Use a slotted spoon to remove all vegetables and sausage pieces and set aside in a bowl. At this point, cabbage may be cut into bite-sized pieces.
Place flour in a small bowl and add enough water to make a thin paste, stirring until all lumps dissolve. Whisk liquid in the Dutch oven constantly while gradually adding flour mixture until liquid boils again, about 5 minutes. Return vegetables and sausage to the Dutch oven and adjust seasoning, if necessary. Serve in individual bowls.

Submitter: 
Bibi
Description: 
This comforting stew of smoked sausage and vegetables can be on the table in less than an hour. Great for a busy weeknight!
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Stews

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
907 calories
53.1
g fat
67.6
g carbohydrates
40.8
g protein
101
mg cholesterol
3110
mg sodium.
