URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269274/pavlova-with-winter-fruits/
Title:
Pavlova with Winter Fruits Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6007485.jpg
Ingredients:
Meringue:
4 egg whites, at room temperature
3/4 cup white sugar
1/4 cup superfine sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons cornstarch
1/2 teaspoon orange blossom water (optional)
1/2 teaspoon white vinegar
Lemon Curd:
3 lemons, zested and juiced
1/3 cup white sugar
4 large egg yolks
1 pinch sea salt
3 tablespoons coconut oil, at room temperature
Whipped Cream:
1 cup heavy cream
2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar
1 teaspoon orange blossom water (optional)
Fruits:
1 pink grapefruit, peeled and sliced crosswise
1 orange, peeled and sliced crosswise
1 ripe Fuyu persimmon, peeled and thinly sliced
1/2 pomegranate, seeded

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C). Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper. Invert a small bowl onto the parchment paper and trace the rim with a pencil. Repeat twice more. Flip parchment paper over.
Beat egg whites in a large bowl with an electric mixer until soft peaks begin to form. Gradually add white sugar, with the mixer running. Whisk superfine sugar and cornstarch in a small bowl. Gradually beat into the meringue. Continue beating meringue until stiff, glossy peaks form. Beat in orange blossom water and vinegar.
Spoon meringue into the traced circles. Make the borders higher than the center, to leave room for the filling.
Bake meringues in the preheated oven until firm and dry to the touch, about 1 hour.
Meanwhile, make the lemon curd. Fill a medium saucepan with 1 inch of water and bring to a bare simmer.
Whisk lemon juice, lemon zest, sugar, egg yolks, and salt together in a glass bowl. Set the bowl over the simmering water. Cook, whisking constantly, until curd foams, then thickens, about 10 minutes. Remove the bowl from the simmering water. Gradually whisk in coconut oil until melted and incorporated.
Strain the curd through a fine-mesh sieve; discard solids left in the strainer. Press a sheet of plastic wrap directly onto the surface to prevent a skin from forming. Transfer to the refrigerator.
Turn off oven and keep meringues inside until completely dry, about 1 hour.
Combine heavy cream, confectioners' sugar, and orange blossom water in a bowl. Beat with an electric mixer until soft peaks form.
Spoon lemon curd into the center of the cooled meringues. Mound whipped cream over the curd. Arrange grapefruit, orange, and persimmon slices on top. Sprinkle pomegranate seeds over the top.

Submitter: 
LauraF
Description: 
It's tough making dessert for someone cutting back on gluten and dairy. Luckily, pavlovas are gluten free and really easy. The toppings are easy to customize - I made the lemon curd dairy free and served whipped cream on the side.
Categories:
Desserts
Specialty Desserts
Pavlova

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
962 calories
49.4
g fat
132.7
g carbohydrates
12.6
g protein
382
mg cholesterol
227
mg sodium.
