URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269358/lemon-gingersnap-posset/
Title:
Lemon Gingersnap Posset Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6056012.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup crushed gingersnaps
4 teaspoons melted butter, or more as needed
2 cups heavy cream
2/3 cup white sugar
1 1/2 lemons

Directions:
Place gingersnap crumbs in a bowl and pour in melted butter. Mix until crumbs are well moistened. Transfer a few tablespoons of the crumbs into 4 small glasses; tamp down to compress into a crust. Chill crusts until firm.
Grate lemons to get 1 heaping tablespoon of zest. Squeeze 1/4 cup juice into a bowl.
Pour heavy cream into a large heavy-bottomed saucepan. Add sugar and set heat to medium-high. Mix and bring to a boil. Immediately reduce heat to medium; adjust as needed to maintain a gentle bubble. Cook, stirring occasionally, for exactly 9 minutes. Watch to make sure cream does not boil over. Remove from heat and stir once more.
Add lemon zest and juice to the cream and whisk until well combined; mixture will thicken slightly. Let rest for 10 minutes.
Set a sieve over a glass measuring cup, or any container suitable for pouring. Strain lemon-cream mixture through the sieve, ending up with about 2 cups. Pour mixture carefully over the chilled crusts. Place glasses on a tray and cover with plastic wrap. Refrigerate until set, 4 hours to overnight.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
In Shakespeare's 'Hamlet,' posset was the sweet spiced drink used to poison someone. Since then it has evolved into a dessert that seems too good to be true. Not only does it feature a rich, thick, luxurious texture and intense, clean citrus taste, but it's also free of eggs, starch, and gelatin. The lemon flavor is even more intense than that in lemon curd, despite using less juice. Garnish with whipped cream and pomegranate, or any seasonal fruit.
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Lemon Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
4 h 39 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
652 calories
50.7
g fat
51.8
g carbohydrates
3.6
g protein
174
mg cholesterol
131
mg sodium.
