URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269471/mini-buffalo-chicken-egg-rolls/
Title:
Mini Buffalo Chicken Egg Rolls Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
½ pound cooked chicken breast
⅓ cup diced celery
2 ounces blue cheese
2 ounces cream cheese
1 tablespoon Louisiana-style hot sauce
salt
freshly ground black pepper
cayenne pepper
14  wonton wrappers, or more as needed
1  egg
1 tablespoon water
oil for frying

Directions:
Dice chicken into small cubes. Transfer to a mixing bowl. Add celery, blue cheese, cream cheese, and hot sauce. Season with salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper. Mix with a spoon until filling is well combined.
Beat egg and water together. Brush egg wash over the edges of 1 wonton wrapper. Place a heaping tablespoon of filling near one edge. Spread out with your fingers, leaving a 1/2-inch border. Roll edge up over filling. Crimp in both edges and roll over once more. Fold in about 1/4 inch of dough on either side to seal the ends. Apply more egg wash on top and continue rolling. Place on a plastic-lined baking pan. Repeat with remaining wonton wrappers and filling.
Fill a skillet with enough oil to reach halfway up the egg rolls. Heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) in a skillet over medium heat. Add a batch of egg rolls; fry until browned and crispy, about 2 minutes per side. Drain on a paper towel-lined plate. Fry remaining egg rolls.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
Long ago, in my more oblivious days, I ordered 'boneless Buffalo wings,' only to be disappointed they weren't wings. It's a bit ironic that all these years later, I'm using chicken breast to create a Buffalo wing alternative, but at least I'm not trying to trick anybody. Less messy than bone-in Buffalo wings and more eventful than the 'boneless' kind, these Buffalo chicken egg rolls are a party snack breakthrough. Serve alongside more hot sauce and celery.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
7 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.86
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
45 mins
Number of servings: 
14
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
121 calories
8.2
g fat
5
g carbohydrates
6.4
g protein
34
mg cholesterol
170
mg sodium.
