URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269431/maryland-style-lobster-bisque/
Title:
Maryland-Style Lobster Bisque Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
4 tablespoons butter
1/4 cup chopped onion
3 cups water
1 lobster tail, or more to taste
1 teaspoon xanthan gum
2 cubes chicken bouillon
1 (8 ounce) bottle clam juice
2 tablespoons tomato paste
1 teaspoon celery seed
1 teaspoon paprika
3 cups heavy whipping cream
3 tablespoons cooking sherry
2 tablespoons seafood seasoning (such as Old Bay®), or to taste
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Melt butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and cook until soft, about 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, bring water to a boil in a saucepan. Add lobster tail and cook until shell turns bright red, 5 to 8 minutes.
Sprinkle xanthan gum over onion in the saucepan, stirring quickly to avoid clumps and create a roux, about 1 minute.
Remove cooked lobster tail from the water and set aside to cool, reserving water in the saucepan. Dissolve bouillon cubes in the water to create a broth.
Pour broth into the saucepan with the xanthan roux, stirring constantly over medium heat. Add clam juice, tomato paste, celery seed, and paprika. Stir until tomato paste has melted and all ingredients are well combined, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat and stir in heavy cream, sherry, seafood seasoning. Season with salt and pepper. Blend bisque using a stick blender to the desired consistency.
Remove lobster meal from shell and finely chop. Add to the bisque and serve, sprinkled with additional seafood seasoning for garnish.

Submitter: 
snhall1214
Description: 
This rich and creamy, keto-friendly lobster bisque, with just a hint of spice, delivers an authentic East Coast taste. Best served with a dinner salad and crusty bread.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Bisque

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
524 calories
52.5
g fat
8.1
g carbohydrates
7
g protein
199
mg cholesterol
1237
mg sodium.
