URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269507/maple-bacon-cheesecake/
Title:
Maple Bacon Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/388373.jpg
Ingredients:
Crust:
2 cups graham cracker crumbs
1/2 cup chopped pecans
1/2 cup real bacon bits
3 tablespoons maple syrup
2 tablespoons butter, melted
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 pinch salt
Filling:
3 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese, softened
1/2 cup maple syrup
1/4 cup white sugar
3 large eggs
3/4 cup heavy cream
1 tablespoon vanilla extract
1 teaspoon almond extract
1 teaspoon lemon extract
Topping:
1 (8 ounce) package maple-cured bacon
1/2 cup maple syrup, divided

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Mix graham cracker crumbs, pecans, bacon bits, maple syrup, butter, vanilla extract, and salt together in a medium bowl; mixture will be pretty dry. Press enough mixture into the bottom of a 9-inch springform pan to get a 1/4-inch-thick crust. Reserve extra crumbs for the sides and edges.
Bake crust in the preheated oven for 10 minutes. Let cool slightly while preparing the filling.
Beat cream cheese, maple syrup, and sugar together in a bowl using an electric mixer until smooth. Add eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition and scraping down the sides of the bowl. Add heavy cream, vanilla, almond, and lemon extracts; blend until smooth and creamy. Push mixture through a sieve to ensure a smooth filling.
Wrap outside of the pan in a double layer of foil, covering the underside and extending all the way to the top. Set pan in a large roasting pan and pour in enough hot water to reach about halfway up the sides of the springform. Pour filling into the cooled crust.
Bake in the preheated oven until edges are puffed and surface of cheesecake is firm except for a small spot in the center that will jiggle when the pan is gently shaken, about 1 hour.
Turn oven off and open door slightly. Let cheesecake cool until nearly room temperature, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Remove from oven and let cool completely to room temperature, about 20 minutes more. Refrigerate until completely chilled, at least 4 hours but preferably 24 to 48 hours.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line two 9x13-inch baking sheets with foil. Lay bacon in a single layer on the pans. Brush about 1/4 cup maple syrup over bacon.
Bake in the preheated oven until bacon is halfway crispy, about 10 minutes. Transfer bacon onto a wire rack to drain the grease. Return bacon to the baking sheets and coat other side with remaining maple syrup. Continue baking until browned and crispy all over, about 10 minutes more.
Cool bacon on a wire rack until safe to handle. Cut into small strips and scatter over the finished cheesecake.

Submitter: 
nicolekrystyn
Description: 
The winner of the Shakespeare Theatre Company's 2010 Annual Cheesecake Bake-Off. Homemade maple-bacon-pecan crust and candied bacon topping. This was my very first attempt at a homemade cheesecake. It won best topping, tied for best first attempt, and won overall best cheesecake!
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Pork

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
6 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
527 calories
36.5
g fat
38.8
g carbohydrates
11.8
g protein
144
mg cholesterol
592
mg sodium.
