URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269589/sweetheart-cup-cookies-for-valentines-day/
Title:
Sweetheart Cup Cookies for Valentine's Day Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Cups:
3 cups all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cups white sugar
1 cup unsalted butter, softened
2 large eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
cooking spray
Filling:
1 cup creamy peanut butter
1 cup confectioners' sugar
1 tablespoon unsalted butter, softened
36 chocolate kiss candies, unwrapped

Directions:
Combine flour, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl.
Beat sugar and butter together in a separate bowl using a mixer at low speed. Increase speed to high and beat until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Reduce speed to low and beat in eggs, one at a time, and vanilla extract. Beat in flour until just blended and press together by hand into a dough. Divide dough into 4 equal portions and flatten each into a disk. Wrap disks individually in plastic and refrigerate 8 hours to overnight.
Remove 2 disks of dough from the refrigerator; keep remaining dough in the refrigerator or freezer for future use.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray 36 mini muffin cups with cooking spray or line with paper liners.
Roll 1 rounded teaspoon of dough into a ball and press into the bottom and up the sides of a mini muffin cup to form a shell. Repeat with remaining dough to make 36 shells.
Bake in the preheated oven until lightly golden, 12 to 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, beat peanut butter, confectioners' sugar, and butter together in a bowl using an electric mixer until creamy. Pour filling into a pastry bag or a resealable plastic bag with a corner snipped off.
Remove from the oven and press the end of a wooden spoon into each cookie cup to reshape. Cool 2 minutes in the pan, then carefully transfer to a rack to cool completely.
Fill each cooled cookie cup with about 1 tablespoons filling. Top each with 1 chocolate kiss candy.

Submitter: 
agreen535
Description: 
Make these delicious cup-shaped, peanut butter-filled cookies for your sweeties on Valentine's Day or any day.
Categories:
Desserts
Cookies

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
36
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
203 calories
10.9
g fat
24
g carbohydrates
3.6
g protein
26
mg cholesterol
81
mg sodium.
