URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269654/pork-cutlets-in-a-chanterelle-cream-sauce-with-dill-potatoes/
Title:
Pork Cutlets in a Chanterelle Cream Sauce with Dill Potatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1/4 cup canola oil, or more as needed
1 cup all-purpose flour
5 eggs
1/4 cup water
10 pork cutlets, pounded to 1/4-inch thick
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 tablespoons unsalted butter
1 small yellow onion, minced
4 cups roughly chopped chanterelle mushrooms
1 cup heavy cream
1 tablespoon lemon juice
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
Dill Potatoes:
kosher salt to taste
2 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, unpeeled
1/3 cup sour cream
1/4 cup minced fresh dill
1/4 cup unsalted butter
freshly ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Heat oil in a 12-inch skillet over medium-high heat.
Place flour in a medium-sized bowl. Whisk egg and water together in another bowl.
Season cutlets with salt and pepper, then dredge 3 cutlets in flour. Dip in egg mixture until evenly coated and place in the hot skillet. Cook, turning once, until golden brown and cooked through, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a serving platter and repeat with remaining cutlets, adding more oil to the skillet if needed.
Add mushrooms to the skillet and season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring often, until they release liquid and begin to brown, about 3 minutes. Add cream and cook, stirring, until slightly reduced, about 2 minutes. Stir in lemon juice and season sauce with salt and pepper.
Meanwhile, bring an 8-quart pot of salted water to a boil. Add potatoes and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Drain potatoes and return to the pot with sour cream, dill, butter, salt, and pepper. Cover pan with a lid and shake until potatoes are well coated. Transfer to a large serving bowl and season with additional salt and pepper.
Pour sauce over cutlets and serve with dill potatoes.

Submitter: 
Mrs. Kedney'
Description: 
Try this elegant recipe for thin slices of pork and chanterelle mushrooms covered with cream sauce and served with dill-laced potatoes.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Pork

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
645 calories
34.6
g fat
31.2
g carbohydrates
49.4
g protein
254
mg cholesterol
191
mg sodium.
