URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269649/skillet-chicken-with-sun-dried-tomato-sauce/
Title:
Skillet Chicken with Sun-Dried Tomato Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F6274449.jpg
Ingredients:
4 pounds boneless skinless chicken breasts
salt and pepper to taste
10 tablespoons butter, divided
6 cloves garlic, minced
2 teaspoons Italian seasoning
½ teaspoon red pepper flakes
1 cup dry white wine (such as Chardonnay)
2 cups chicken broth
1 ½ cups heavy whipping cream
1 cup oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes, thinly sliced
1 cup thinly sliced fresh basil

Directions:
Place chicken breasts in a resealable plastic bag and pound to an even thickness. If breasts are very large, cut them in half. Season lightly with salt and pepper.
Melt 4 tablespoons butter in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat and cook 1/2 of the chicken breasts until they are no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 5 to 10 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Remove from skillet and set aside. Melt another 4 tablespoons butter and repeat with the remaining chicken breasts. Set aside.
Melt remaining 2 tablespoons butter in the same skillet and add garlic, Italian seasoning, and red pepper flakes. Cook, stirring constantly, for 1 minute. Pour in wine and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 2 minutes. Pour in chicken broth, return to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer for 5 minutes. Stir in cream and sun-dried tomatoes. Simmer for 5 minutes.
Stir in basil and return chicken to the skillet. Cook until chicken is thoroughly heated and sauce has thickened, about 5 minutes.

Submitter: 
Cooking44
Description: 
This is a wonderful chicken dinner: Chicken breasts are pounded thin, sauteed, and then paired with a creamy white wine sauce with sun-dried tomatoes. Everything is cooked in 1 skillet.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
50 mins
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
495 calories
35.5
g fat
13.7
g carbohydrates
26.8
g protein
153
mg cholesterol
591
mg sodium.
