URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269663/vegan-keto-friendly-thai-yellow-curry/
Title:
Vegan Keto-Friendly Thai Yellow Curry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
6 tablespoons medium-chain triglyceride (MCT) oil, divided
5 tablespoons Thai yellow curry paste (such as Mae Ploy®)
1 (12 ounce) package extra-firm tofu, cubed
1/2 onion, chopped (optional)
3 tablespoons soy sauce
3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar
4 cloves garlic, minced
2 large zucchini, sliced
1 head broccoli, cut into florets
1 1/2 cups vegetable stock
1 (14 ounce) can cream of coconut
2 cups cauliflower rice
2 limes, halved

Directions:
Heat 4 tablespoons oil in a large saucepan over medium heat and cook curry paste until fragrant and starting to break up, about 3 minutes. Add tofu and onion. Stir to coat with curry paste and cook until tofu releases its moisture and starts to look drier, 3 to 5 minutes. Mix in soy sauce and vinegar. Stir in garlic, zucchini, and broccoli.
Mix everything in the saucepan well and cook until vegetables are tender, 5 to 7 minutes. If vegetables are not releasing enough moisture, add a splash of vegetable stock to prevent sticking too much; keep the heat medium to medium-high.
Once everything is yellow-tinged from the paste and your kitchen smells amazing, the vegetables should be looking brighter but not overcooked, and the pot should be making a high sizzling sound. Pour in vegetable stock and coconut cream. Mix, scraping the bottom to bring up any flavor bits, and lower heat. Only cover the saucepan if the amount of liquid looks very little compared to vegetables and tofu. Simmer for 5 to 10 minutes, checking every few minutes because it shouldn't take long from this point to warm through and meld flavors.
Meanwhile, heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet and add about 1/2 cup cauliflower rice, enough for 1 serving, in a thin layer. Cook until tender, about 2 minutes or longer, depending on your texture preference. Cook remaining cauliflower rice in batches depending on how many people are eating.
Check in on the curry and season with salt and pepper to taste. Curry texture should be thick and creamy and should taste a little tangy, a little coconutty, and have that aromatic kick characteristic of yellow curry. If the curry paste isn't shining through as much as you'd like, add a little glob of it and stir to dissolve. If you want more umami, add a little splash of soy sauce. If you want it more yellow, a pinch of turmeric powder can give it that brighter color.
Add 1/2 cup of cauliflower rice to a bowl and squeeze 1/2 a lime on top. Top with yellow curry.

Submitter: 
Stevie Youssef
Description: 
This delicious vegan Thai yellow curry is made with tofu, broccoli, and zucchini and served over cauliflower rice, making it keto-friendly.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Thai

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
723 calories
41.9
g fat
82.2
g carbohydrates
16.5
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
1321
mg sodium.
