URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269735/instant-pot-beef-bourguignon/
Title:
Instant Pot® Beef Bourguignon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6307379.jpg
Ingredients:
Marinade:
1/2 (750 milliliter) bottle dry red wine
2 sprigs fresh thyme
12 juniper berries
2 bay leaves
3 1/2 pounds well-marbled beef stew meat, cut into large pieces, or more to taste
Bouquet Garni:
8-inch square of cheesecloth, or as needed
2 sprigs fresh thyme
2 sprigs fresh rosemary
2 bay leaves
6 juniper berries
4 whole cloves
1 teaspoon dried orange peel
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
4 tablespoons vegetable oil
3 tablespoons olive oil
3 stalks celery, cut into large chunks
3 large carrots, cut into large chunks
2 onions, cut into large chunks
3 cloves garlic, minced
3 tablespoons tomato paste
1 large Idaho potato, peeled and diced
1/2 (32 fluid ounce) container chicken broth, or as needed
3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, or to taste

Directions:
Combine wine, thyme, juniper berries, and bay leaves in a large bowl. Mix well and add meat; stir to coat. Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours, or up to 1 day.
Create bouquet garni by placing cheesecloth square on a work surface and adding thyme, rosemary, bay leaves, juniper berries, cloves, and orange peel on top. Tie cheesecloth into a bundle and set aside until ready to use.
Strain and reserve marinade from meat. Drain meat on a plate lined with paper towels; pat until very dry. Sprinkle meat with salt and pepper.
Add 2 tablespoons vegetable oil to a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) and select Saute function. Heat oil until shimmering. Add 1/2 of the meat and brown gently on both sides, 5 to 7 minutes. Transfer meat to a plate lined with paper towels and repeat with remaining oil and meat. Turn pot off. Return all meat to the pot.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add celery, carrots, onions, and garlic and cook, stirring gently, until softened and golden, about 10 minutes. Increase heat and add tomato paste. Cook, stirring, until fragrant and sizzling, 1 to 3 minutes more. Add reserved marinade, potato, and bouquet garni bundle to the skillet. Bring to a boil and cook, bubbling fiercely, until thickened and syrupy, 5 to 10 minutes.
Pour vegetable mixture into the Instant Pot(R) with the meat. Pour in enough chicken broth to cover ingredients halfway. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 45 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, 10 to 40 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Use a fork to mash some of the carrots and potatoes into the liquid in the pot. Taste and adjust salt and pepper as needed. Garnish each serving with a sprinkling of parsley and thyme.

Submitter: 
awaugh
Description: 
This recipe for the classic French beef stew cooked in red wine is made easier in an Instant Pot® or other multi-functional pressure cooker.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Stews
Beef

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
412 calories
26.2
g fat
14.6
g carbohydrates
23.6
g protein
74
mg cholesterol
302
mg sodium.
