URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269709/jerk-chicken-egg-rolls-with-mango-habanero-sauce/
Title:
Jerk Chicken Egg Rolls with Mango-Habanero Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/4560211.jpg
Ingredients:
1  mango, peeled and diced
¾ cup water
1 tablespoon seasoned rice vinegar
1 clove garlic, minced
1 pinch salt
½ cup brown sugar, divided
2  habanero peppers, seeded and minced
2 tablespoons water
1 teaspoon cornstarch
3 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided, or as needed
6  chicken thighs, diced
1 tablespoon jerk seasoning, or more to taste
1  shallot, finely chopped
1 clove garlic, minced
1 head green cabbage, shredded
1 (12 ounce) package shredded carrots
2  very ripe yellow plantains, peeled and diced
1 (16 ounce) package egg roll wrappers
1  egg
1 tablespoon water
vegetable oil for frying

Directions:
Combine mango with 3/4 cup water, rice vinegar, garlic, and salt in small saucepan. Add most of the brown sugar, reserving 1 teaspoon. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Cook for 5 minutes. Add habanero peppers and simmer on low for 2 minutes. Mix 2 tablespoon water with cornstarch; stir slurry into the pan. Cook over medium-high until thick, 3 to 5 minutes. Leave mixture chunky or blend for a smoother texture.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add chicken thighs and saute until browned, 5 to 7 minutes; sprinkle jerk seasoning over chicken. Add shallot and garlic; cook and stir until shallot begins to soften, about 3 minutes. Reduce heat to medium. Add cabbage, carrots, and reserved sugar. Cook until cabbage is translucent but still a little crunchy, 3 to 5 minutes. Taste for seasoning. Let mixture cool.
Heat remaining vegetable oil in a pan over medium-high heat. Fry plantains until they start to brown, about 5 minutes. Transfer plantains onto a paper towel and let cool.
Separate and place egg roll wrappers onto your work surface. Mix egg with water for the egg wash.
Lay out one wrapper with a corner pointed toward you. Use a slotted spoon to add some of the chicken and cabbage mixtures across the center. Sprinkle plantain bits on top. Use your finger or a pastry brush to lightly moisten edges of wonton wrappers with egg wash. Fold one corner of the wrapper over the filling onto the opposite corner to form a triangle. Press edges together to seal. Fill and fold remaining egg rolls.
Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. Fry egg rolls in batches in the hot oil, turning occasionally, until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Remove from oil and drain on paper towels or rack. Serve with the mango-habanero sauce.

Submitter: 
In the Kitchen with Iesha
Description: 
Jerk chicken egg rolls.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
45 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 25 mins
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
252 calories
8.3
g fat
34.9
g carbohydrates
10.6
g protein
35
mg cholesterol
294
mg sodium.
