URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269776/spinach-salad-with-blood-oranges-and-macadamia-nuts/
Title:
Spinach Salad with Blood Oranges and Macadamia Nuts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6486869.jpg
Ingredients:
2 red onions, thinly sliced
4 blood oranges
8 ounces pitted Kalamata olives, drained
Dressing:
1/2 cup olive oil
6 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, or more to taste
1 large navel orange, juiced
1/4 cup white sugar
2 teaspoons Dijon mustard
1/4 teaspoon dried oregano
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder, or more to taste
1 (6 ounce) package fresh spinach
1 (10 ounce) basket cherry tomatoes, halved
4 ounces crumbled blue cheese
4 ounces roasted, salted macadamia nuts

Directions:
Fill a covered bowl halfway with ice, add onion slices, and top with more ice. Add cold water until you're just able to get the lid on. Refrigerate for 3 hours.
Cut a slice off the top and bottom of each of the blood oranges, and slice downward to remove all skin and white pith. Be careful, as blood oranges will stain like beet juice. Cut oranges into 1/4-inch horizontal slices and remove seeds. Retain any juice and add to the juice of the navel orange. Put slices in a covered bowl or plastic bag with the olives and refrigerate for 3 hours along with onions.
Combine olive oil, balsamic vinegar, orange juice, sugar, mustard, oregano, pepper, and garlic powder in a jar with a lid, close, and shake well to combine. Refrigerate until 15 minutes before serving the salad. Remove from refrigerator to barely come to room temperature.
Drain onions and add to a large salad bowl. Add spinach, cherry tomatoes, onions, blood orange slices, and kalamata olives. Drizzle dressing on top and toss to combine. Sprinkle with blue cheese and macadamia nuts.

Submitter: 
Fishwrap
Description: 
Blood oranges are only in season for a few brief times a year, but they are so delicious and unusual that I wanted to create a recipe worthy of them. This colorful salad always gets rave reviews, and I always get asked for the recipe.  My husband says it is the best salad he's ever had!
Categories:
Salad
Green Salads

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
3 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
304 calories
24
g fat
20.6
g carbohydrates
4.6
g protein
7
mg cholesterol
474
mg sodium.
