URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269722/thalipeeth/
Title:
Thalipeeth Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6112643.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup sorghum flour (jowar)
1/2 cup pearl millet flour (bajra)
1/2 cup rice flour
1/2 cup amaranth flour (rajgira)
1/2 cup red millet flour (ragi)
1/4 cup whole wheat flour
2 green chilies, finely chopped
1/2 onion, finely chopped
1 (1/2 inch) piece ginger, finely chopped
1 tablespoon ghee
1 teaspoon carom (ajwain) seeds
salt to taste
2 tablespoons warm water, or as needed
1 tablespoon melted ghee, or as needed

Directions:
Sift sorghum flour, pearl millet flour, rice flour, amaranth flour, red millet flour, and whole wheat flour together in a bowl. Add chiles, onion, ginger, ghee, carom, and salt. Mix well and add enough warm water to make a thick dough. Let dough rest to loosen up, about 5 minutes.
Form 4 or 5 balls from the dough, depending on the size thalipeeth desired. Dust a work surface with flour and flatten dough balls using your hand to make a thick flatbread.
Heat a griddle over medium heat. Place thalipeeth in the pan and use wet hands to lightly pat them down. Use the back of a spoon to make a hole in the middle of each thalipeeth to help them cook evenly. Cook until golden on the bottom, 2 to 3 minutes. Turn thalipeeth over and drizzle melted ghee on top. Cook the second side until browned, 2 to 3 minutes more.

Submitter: 
Sheetal Jandial WhiskMixStir
Description: 
A wholesome breakfast, a quick meal or an accompaniment for curries and bhaaji, thalipeeth is a traditional Maharashtrian multigrain roti/flatbread from India. Millet flour is typically used to make the dough. Thalipeeth is best eaten on its own, served with thecha and onions. You could also pair thalipeeth with green moong dal, bharli vangi (baingan), curry chicken, etc.
Categories:
Bread
Quick Bread

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
428 calories
9.3
g fat
76.5
g carbohydrates
10.2
g protein
16
mg cholesterol
46
mg sodium.
