URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269772/lasagna-stuffed-peppers-/
Title:
Lasagna-Stuffed Peppers  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6118162.jpg
Ingredients:
4 lasagna noodles
4 large green bell peppers, halved and seeds and veins removed
19 ounces mild Italian sausage (such as Johnsonville®)
1 small onion, chopped
1 (15 ounce) can tomato sauce
1 clove garlic, minced
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano
1/2 cup ricotta cheese
1 egg
2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese

Directions:
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook lasagna noodles in the boiling water, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Cut each noodle into 4 equal pieces.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a large baking sheet with aluminum foil; place bell pepper halves on top.
Bake in the preheated oven until peppers soften, about 20 minutes.
While peppers bake, heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook sausage and onion until browned, about 8 minutes. Add tomato sauce, garlic, and oregano and bring to a simmer. Simmer until thickened, about 5 minutes more.
Remove peppers from oven and pour off any excess liquid. Leave oven on.
Whisk ricotta cheese, egg, Parmesan cheese, and basil together in a small mixing bowl. Layer each bell pepper half with 2 tablespoons sausage mixture, 1 noodle piece, and 1 tablespoon ricotta mixture. Repeat layers and sprinkle mozzarella cheese on top of each pepper. Place stuffed peppers on the baking sheet.
Bake stuffed peppers in the preheated oven until cheese is browned and bubbly, about 25 minutes.

Submitter: 
Soup Loving Nicole
Description: 
With only half a lasagna noodle per serving, this is sure to satisfy a lasagna craving for those watching their carb intake. Serve with a salad for a complete meal. Leftovers hold up nicely.
Categories:
Pasta and Noodles
Pasta by Shape

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.59999990463257
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
calories
fat
carbohydrates
protein
cholesterol
sodium.
