URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269884/game-day-victory-dessert-board/
Title:
Game Day Victory Dessert Board Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6197516.jpg
Ingredients:
Cherry Marshmallows:
1 tablespoon butter
1/3 cup confectioners' sugar, divided
1 cup cold water, divided
2 (1 ounce) packages unflavored gelatin (such as Knox®)
1 1/2 cups white sugar
1 cup light corn syrup
1 teaspoon almond extract
1 (0.3 ounce) package sugar-free cherry-flavored gelatin mix (such as Jell-O®)
Marshmallow-Peanut Butter-Banana Dip:
1 (8 ounce) package reduced-fat cream cheese, softened
1/2 cup creamy peanut butter
1 (7 ounce) jar marshmallow cream
1/2 ripe banana, mashed
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
Lemon Pie Bars:
2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour
1/2 cup powdered sugar
1 cup butter, softened
4 eggs
1 1/2 cups white sugar
1/2 cup lemon juice
1 tablespoon lemon zest
12 frozen puff pastry cups
Key Lime Pie Mini Dessert:
1 (8 ounce) package reduced-fat cream cheese, softened
1/2 cup low-fat vanilla Greek yogurt
1/2 cup fat-free sweetened condensed milk
1/4 cup key lime juice
1 drop green food coloring, or as needed
1 (7 ounce) can whipped cream, or as needed
1 cup graham cracker crumbs
3 tablespoons melted butter
1 tablespoon white sugar
Assembly:
1 cup chocolate-hazelnut spread (such as Nutella®), or to taste
12 fresh raspberries
1 (7 ounce) can whipped cream, or as needed
1 tablespoon grated lime zest, or as needed
3 tablespoons graham cracker crumbs, or as needed
1 bunch green grapes
1 apple, sliced
12 whole strawberries, or to taste

Directions:
Generously butter the bottom and sides of an 11x7-inch glass baking dish and sprinkle with 1 tablespoon powdered sugar.
Add 1/2 cup cold water to the bowl of a stand mixer and add unflavored gelatin. Set aside to soften.
Combine remaining 1/2 cup water, sugar, corn syrup, cherry gelatin, and almond extract in a large saucepan over medium heat. Stir constantly until sugar and gelatin are dissolved. Heat the mixture to boiling, then reduce heat to medium-low. Cook, without stirring, until a candy thermometer immersed in the mixture reads 240 degrees F (115 degrees C), about 30 minutes. Watch carefully that syrup doesn't boil over; reduce heat if necessary.
Slowly pour syrup into the softened gelatin in the stand mixer bowl. Beat on low speed, then increase to medium-high and beat until marshmallow mixture has tripled in size. Pour into the prepared baking dish and smooth the top using a rubber spatula. Set marshmallow mixture aside and let stand, uncovered, 8 hours to overnight.
Dust a large cutting board with about 1 tablespoon powdered sugar. Loosen sides of marshmallow mixture from the baking dish, lift out onto the cutting board, and rub additional powdered sugar on top. Spray a sharp knife with cooking spray and cut marshmallows into 1-inch squares, 11 rows by 7 rows.
Toss marshmallows in a large bowl with remaining confectioners' sugar. Shake off excess sugar and transfer marshmallows to an airtight container.
Combine cream cheese and peanut butter in a bowl and beat with a hand mixer until smooth, about 1 minute. Stir in marshmallow cream, mashed banana, and vanilla extract and whip until well combined. Transfer to a lidded container and refrigerate until needed.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Mix 2 cups of flour and powdered sugar together. Cut in butter. Mix well and press the dough into a 9x13-inch baking pan.
Bake crust in the preheated oven until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes.
Beat remaining 1/4 cup flour, eggs, sugar, lemon juice and lemon zest together in a bowl for at least 1 minute. Pour topping over the baked crust.
Return pan to the oven and bake until topping has set, about 20 minutes. Remove and let cool completely.
Increase oven temperature to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Place puff pastry cups on a baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown and puffed, about 20 minutes.
Press centers of hot pastry cups down into bottom of cups. Set aside to cool completely.
Use an electric mixer to beat cream cheese and yogurt together in a medium-sized bowl until smooth.
Stir together condensed milk and key lime juice in a bowl. Add to the cream cheese mixture, beating until well combined. Divide mixture in half and tint one portion of filling with green food coloring. Place each portion of filling in a separate resealable plastic bag.
Combine graham cracker crumbs, butter, and sugar in a bowl. Add 1 tablespoon of mixture to the bottom of ten 2-ounce shooter glasses. Snip a small corner from each bag of filling. Fill each shooter glass halfway with white filling. Tap each glass on the counter to level the cheesecake. Repeat with green cheesecake mixture. Place filled key lime pie mini desserts in the refrigerator to chill for at least 30 minutes.
Cut cooled lemon pie bars and sprinkle with powdered sugar. Fill cooled puff pastry cups with chocolate-hazelnut spread. Top each with a fresh raspberry. Top chilled key lime pie shooters with whipped cream, lime zest, and graham cracker crumbs.
Assemble the dessert board by placing cherry marshmallows around the edge of a large round platter. Alternate lemon pie bars and puff pastry cups inside the circle of marshmallows. Place the key lime mini desserts on the left side of the platter. Place the bowl of marshmallow-peanut butter-banana dip on the right side of the platter, and fill in empty space with grapes, apple slices, and strawberries.

Submitter: 
lutzflcat
Description: 
With some planning in advance, you can put out a really interesting and tasty selection of snacks for the big game.  Even if your team doesn't win, celebrate anyway by eating this varied dessert board full of sweet treats.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Cheese

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
1 h 40 m
Ready in:
11 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
881 calories
40.5
g fat
118.4
g carbohydrates
16.6
g protein
107
mg cholesterol
500
mg sodium.
