URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269885/game-day-halftime-snack-board/
Title:
Game Day Halftime Snack Board Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6198021.jpg
Ingredients:
Creamy Mustard Dipping Sauce:
1 cup mayonnaise
4 teaspoons dry mustard powder (such as Colman's®)
1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
1 teaspoon steak sauce
1 teaspoon half-and-half
1 teaspoon lemon juice
1/2 teaspoon sriracha sauce
salt to taste
12 puff pastry shells (such as Pepperidge Farm®)
Cheesy Bay Scallop Filling:
2 tablespoons butter, divided
12 ounces bay scallops
1/3 cup sliced mushrooms
1 tablespoon minced shallot
1/2 cup half-and-half
1 tablespoon all-purpose flour
2 tablespoons dry white wine
1 tablespoon dry sherry
1/2 teaspoon lemon juice
1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard
1/4 cup shredded Parmesan cheese
1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon
ground black pepper to taste
Quarterback Attack Shooters:
4 fluid ounces gin
2 fluid ounces sweet vermouth
2 teaspoons maraschino cherry juice
2 dashes orange bitters
4 maraschino cherries
1 bunch red grapes
1 pound cooked shrimp
1 lemon, cut into wedges
Hot Pepper Jelly Chips:
4 ounces goat cheese, softened
1/2 cup hot red pepper jelly
4 slices bacon, cooked and crumbled
24 large, ridged potato chips (such as Ruffles®)
24 thin slices jalapeno pepper (optional)

Directions:
Whisk mayonnaise, dry mustard, Worcestershire sauce, steak sauce, half-and-half, lemon juice, sriracha, and salt together in a serving bowl until smooth and creamy. Cover and refrigerate.
Preheat the oven to 380 degrees F (190 degrees C). Place pastry shells on a baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, about 20 minutes. Allow shells to cool completely.
Meanwhile, melt 1 tablespoon butter in a medium-sized skillet over medium-high heat. Add scallops and saute quickly on both sides until browned, 3 to 5 minutes; do not overcook. Remove from skillet and set aside. Reduce heat to medium and melt remaining butter in the skillet. Add mushrooms and shallots and cook until just tender, 3 to 5 minutes.
Whisk half-and-half and flour together in a bowl and add to the skillet with the mushroom mixture, whisking until smooth and thickened, about 5 minutes. Whisk wine, sherry, lemon juice, and mustard into the cream sauce. Stir in Parmesan cheese, tarragon, and black pepper. Add cooked scallops, stir, and reheat briefly, 1 to 3 minutes.
Cut tops off the pastry shells. Fill with cheesy scallops and place at the bottom of a large horizontal board.
Fill a cocktail shaker with ice. Add gin, vermouth, cherry juice, and bitters. Shake well and strain into 4 shot glasses. Add a cherry to each glass. Position quarterback attack shooters diagonally at the upper left of the board. Place grapes in both the upper and lower left corners of the board.
Place the bowl of creamy mustard dipping sauce on the right side of the board and surround with shrimp and lemon wedges.
Spread about 1/2 tablespoon of goat cheese onto each potato chip, being careful not to break the chips. Add about 1 teaspoon of red pepper jelly to each chip and top with crumbled bacon and a jalapeno slice. Place hot pepper jelly chips above and to the left of the puff pastry shells, filling in any empty space.

Submitter: 
lutzflcat
Description: 
By the time halftime rolls around on game day, it'll be time for more snacking, so bring it on with this elaborate and delicious snack board! With some planning in advance, you can put out a really interesting and tasty selection of snacks.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Seafood
Shrimp

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
617 calories
37.9
g fat
39.9
g carbohydrates
24.7
g protein
120
mg cholesterol
752
mg sodium.
