URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269959/meatball-stuffed-garlic-bread-sliders/
Title:
Meatball-Stuffed Garlic Bread Sliders Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6241414.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil, divided
1 yellow onion, diced
5 cloves garlic, minced, divided
1 pound ground beef
2 tablespoons chopped Italian parsley, plus more for garnish
1 large egg
1/4 cup plain bread crumbs
1 cup shredded fontina cheese, divided
2 teaspoons kosher salt
freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste
3 tablespoons unsalted butter
18 dinner rolls
2 cups spicy tomato sauce
2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and 2 cloves garlic; cook and stir until onion is soft, about 5 minutes.
Place beef in a large bowl. Add onion-garlic mixture, parsley, egg, bread crumbs, and 1 large handful of fontina cheese, reserving the rest for topping. Season with salt, pepper, and cayenne. Mix by hand until just combined. Scoop meat mixture into 24 mini muffin cups; meatballs need not be perfectly round.
Bake in the preheated oven until no longer pink in the centers, about 12 minutes. Leave oven on. Let meatballs cool briefly while you make the garlic butter.
Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add remaining minced garlic once butter starts to bubble; stir and immediately turn remove from heat. Stir well and set aside.
Line a rimmed baking sheet with foil; coat foil with remaining olive oil. Transfer rolls, still attached, to the baking sheet. Cut a hole in the top of each roll, about 2/3 of the way down. Brush garlic butter over the insides and outsides of the rolls.
Bake until golden brown, about 8 minutes. Pour about 1 tablespoon tomato sauce into each hole. Stuff meatballs into the holes. Top each roll with a spoonful of tomato sauce and remaining fontina cheese. Sprinkle Parmesan cheese on top.
Continue baking until cheese is melted, 12 to 15 minutes. Garnish with more parsley. Let rolls sit for 5 to 10 minutes to firm up; transfer to a serving platter.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
We're getting close to the Super Bowl, and it's not about who wins the trophy, but rather who wins the snack table. If you show up with these super fun sliders, that will be you. The real secret to these beauties is placing the meatball in through the top of the roll, versus splitting and stuffing in the traditional manner. Maybe it's the symmetry, or center of gravity, that makes these just feel right in your hand. If you're short on time, using pre-made meatballs will do.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Meat and Poultry
Beef

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.7857141494751
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
400 calories
9.8
g fat
45.6
g carbohydrates
21
g protein
78
mg cholesterol
654
mg sodium.
