URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269997/bell-peppers-stuffed-with-mexican-cauliflower-rice/
Title:
Bell Peppers Stuffed with Mexican Cauliflower Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1/2 head cauliflower, or more to taste
2 (14.5 ounce) cans diced roasted tomatoes
1 (8 ounce) can tomato sauce
1 teaspoon garlic salt
1 teaspoon Italian seasoning
4 green bell peppers, tops and seeds removed
1 pound hamburger meat
1 (10 ounce) package beef chorizo
4 ounces shredded Cheddar cheese

Directions:
Chop cauliflower into rice-like shapes using a vegetable chopper and set aside.
Mix diced tomatoes, tomato sauce, garlic salt, and Italian seasoning together in a bowl and set aside.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add bell peppers and cook 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from water and set aside to cool.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir hamburger meat in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain and discard grease. Clear an area in the center of the skillet and add chorizo. Cook about 5 minutes; stir into hamburger meat in the skillet. Add chopped cauliflower and cook, stirring frequently, about 10 minutes.
Remove skillet from heat and add 1/2 the tomato sauce mixture. Stir thoroughly.
Fill each bell pepper with meat mixture and place in a small glass casserole dish. Cover with remaining tomato sauce mixture.
Bake in the preheated oven for 20 minutes. Remove stuffed peppers from the oven and cover with shredded Cheddar cheese. Return to the hot oven and bake until cheese is melted, about 5 minutes more.

Submitter: 
Amberlina79
Description: 
This dish is a new favorite among my family and myself. I wanted to make something that had a Mexican flair, not too spicy or hot, and keep it low carb. This is definitely going to be a repeated recipe in my home.
Categories:
Fruits and Vegetables
Vegetables
Cauliflower
Rice

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
768 calories
54.9
g fat
22.5
g carbohydrates
47.7
g protein
162
mg cholesterol
2179
mg sodium.
