URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269995/shrimp-saute-on-cauliflower-rice/
Title:
Shrimp Saute on Cauliflower Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6262825.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 head cauliflower
1 teaspoon olive oil, or as needed
1 cup chicken stock, divided
1 tablespoon ground cumin
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 lime, juiced, divided
2 tablespoons coconut oil, or as needed
20 baby bella mushrooms, diced
2 Fresno peppers, diced
1 onion, diced
1 large tomato, diced
3 tablespoons almond flour
1 tablespoon garlic powder
1 tablespoon chili powder
1 tablespoon dried oregano
1/2 tablespoon dried tarragon
3 cups fresh spinach
1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined

Directions:
Put cauliflower into the bowl of a food processor and pulse until the consistency is like white rice. Transfer cauliflower to a skillet over medium-low heat. Add olive oil and 1/2 cup chicken stock. When cauliflower is warm, about 5 minutes, add cumin, salt, black pepper, and juice of 1/2 a lime. Cover and allow cauliflower rice to steam until tender but slightly firm while you prepare the shrimp saute.
Heat coconut oil in a separate skillet over medium heat. Add mushrooms, Fresno peppers, onion, and tomato. Toss and season with salt and black pepper. Cook until vegetables are soft and mushrooms release moisture, 5 to 10 minutes. Add almond flour and stir to create a pasty roux; cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Pour in remaining chicken stock slowly until desired consistency.
Bring sauce to a simmer, about 5 minutes. Add garlic powder, chili powder, oregano, and tarragon. Season with salt and black pepper to taste. Add remaining lime juice and stir to combine. Mix in spinach and cook just until wilted, about 1 minute. Stir in shrimp and immediately remove skillet from heat to avoid overcooking.
Top cauliflower rice with shrimp saute.

Submitter: 
Ashley Myers
Description: 
This shrimp saute recipe is Whole30® compliant but can be tweaked to your preference of noodle, rice, etc. 
Eating it on the cauliflower rice is low in calories, low in carbs, and very filling.
Categories:
Fruits and Vegetables
Vegetables
Cauliflower
Rice

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
312 calories
13.5
g fat
25.4
g carbohydrates
27.8
g protein
173
mg cholesterol
485
mg sodium.
