URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269936/cook-cooks-fiend-stew/
Title:
Cook Cook's Fiend Stew Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon oil, divided
2 large sweet Spanish onions, coarsely chopped
2 1/2 pounds boneless beef chuck, cut into 1-inch pieces
2 tablespoons barbeque seasoning, to taste
4 cloves garlic, crushed, divided
3 pints beer, or as needed
3 large russet potatoes, cut into 1-inch chunks, or more to taste
2 dashes liquid smoke flavoring, or to taste
2 jalapeno peppers
2 (16 ounce) cans pinto beans, undrained

Directions:
Heat 1/2 of the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onions and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Cover, reduce heat to low, and let onions continue cooking while continuing to next steps.
Rub beef with barbeque seasoning.
Add 2 garlic cloves to the onions. Increase heat and cook until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer mixture to a large pot.
Heat remaining oil in the same skillet. Sear beef chunks, in batches if necessary, until browned, about 7 minutes. Add to the pot with the onions. Pour in enough beer to cover the beef. Place lid on top and bring stew to a boil over medium-high heat. Add potatoes and liquid smoke; pour in remaining beer to cover potatoes. Cook for 1 hour, stirring occasionally.
Pour beans, liquids included, into the stew. Smash jalapeno peppers with the flat side of a knife. Add to the stew, along with remaining garlic. Simmer until stew is thick and beef is tender enough to break apart with a spoon, 30 to 60 minutes. Add more beer if the liquid level falls below the main ingredients. Remove lid and simmer if the stew is too watery.

Submitter: 
Brendan Stewart
Description: 
The inspiration of this recipe came straight from the video game Fallout: New Vegas. I have, however, made a few changes to enhance its overall quality. 

This is a hearty, spicy, and very tasty stew that has gotten me through some rough times; the ingredients are all relatively cheap, healthy, and filling--ideal for the starving student type-- not that I'd expect anyone else to enjoy it any less. Serve, optionally, with a dollop of sour cream. This will keep in the fridge for 10 to 14 days, and reheats quite well.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Stews
Beef

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
357 calories
12.5
g fat
35.4
g carbohydrates
17.6
g protein
43
mg cholesterol
720
mg sodium.
