URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269929/instant-pot-jambalaya-with-shrimp-and-chicken-/
Title:
Instant Pot® Jambalaya with Shrimp and Chicken  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6177699.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil, divided
14 ounces andouille sausage, sliced
1 medium onion, chopped
2 cloves garlic, crushed
1 pound boneless skinless chicken breasts, cubed
1 green bell pepper, chopped
2 stalks celery, chopped
1 (28 ounce) can diced tomatoes
1 pound uncooked medium shrimp, peeled and deveined
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon seasoned salt
1/4 teaspoon pepper
1/4 teaspoon hot pepper sauce (such as Tabasco®)
2 tablespoons chopped green onions

Directions:
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) and select the Saute function. Heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil and cook sausage slices until browned on both sides, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove sausage from pot and set aside.
Add remaining olive oil to the pot. Add onion and garlic; cook and stir for 1 minute. Add chicken, bell pepper, and celery. Cook until chicken starts to brown on the edges, 2 to 3 minutes. Add browned sausage, diced tomatoes with liquid, shrimp, thyme, salt, seasoned salt, pepper, and hot pepper sauce, and stir until well combined. Turn off Saute function. Close and lock the lid.
Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer 7 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and carefully remove the lid after the pressure has released completely.
Serve jambalaya garnished with chopped green onions.

Submitter: 
fabeverydayblog
Description: 
This easy jambalaya is made all in one pot - your Instant Pot®! Heat lovers can double the hot pepper sauce to give it an extra kick. Serve over white rice.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Stews
Jambalaya

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.75
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
calories
fat
carbohydrates
protein
cholesterol
sodium.
