URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269939/beans-and-belly/
Title:
Beans and Belly Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6241420.jpg
Ingredients:
For the Pork Belly:
1 (2 pound) whole pork belly, skin removed
1 tablespoon kosher salt
freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste
For the Black Eyed Pea Salad:
1 cup dried black-eyed peas, soaked overnight
2 quarts fresh water
1 bay leaf
1 tablespoon kosher salt
Dressing:
2 tablespoons Dijon mustard
2 tablespoons white vinegar
1/3 cup seasoned rice vinegar
1/3 cup mild olive oil
1 clove garlic, minced
1/3 cup finely chopped red onion
2 jalapeno peppers, finely chopped
1 red bell pepper, finely chopped
kosher salt to taste
freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F (93 degrees C).
Season pork belly with salt, pepper, and cayenne. Place fat-side down on a piece of parchment paper; fold paper around pork, then wrap in a few layers of foil. Place in a baking dish, fat-side up.
Bake in the preheated oven until internal temperature reaches 165 degrees F (74 degrees C), about 7 1/2 hours. Let cool completely, still wrapped, then transfer to the refrigerator.
Drain the soaked black-eyed peas and place in a pot with 2 quarts water. Bring to a simmer over high heat. Add bay leaf and salt. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook until beans are just tender, 35 to 40 minutes. Drain beans and set aside.
Whisk Dijon mustard, white vinegar, rice vinegar, and oil together in a bowl. Add garlic, onion, jalapeno, and bell pepper. Pour warm beans into the dressing. Season with salt, pepper, and cayenne; toss to combine. Wrap salad in plastic wrap and chill to let flavors blend, 8 hours to overnight.
Mix parsley into the salad and taste for seasoning.
Unwrap pork belly; cut into bite-sized chunks. Transfer pieces into a dry pan over medium heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned and crispy, 5 to 10 minutes.
Place salad in serving bowls and top with pork belly.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
This is one of the most delicious ways to enjoy pork belly and black-eyed peas, and I could not have been happier with how it came out. Make sure to start this up to 2 days in advance, as the beans require two rounds of overnight soaking--first while raw and again once tossed into a salad. Meanwhile, you'll bake the pork belly low and slow for 7 1/2 hours for an unparalleled richness and succulence that pairs perfectly with the acidic, bracing bean salad. You can also serve these in lettuce cups.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Pork

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
16 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
370 calories
24.9
g fat
17.2
g carbohydrates
19
g protein
41
mg cholesterol
2669
mg sodium.
