URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/269932/sweet-potato-cake-with-maple-bourbon-pecans/
Title:
Sweet Potato Cake with Maple-Bourbon Pecans Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6231421.jpg
Ingredients:
Topping:
1/4 cup unsalted butter, softened
1/4 cup light brown sugar
1/4 cup pure maple syrup
1 tablespoon bourbon
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
2 cups chopped pecans
Cake:
1 teaspoon butter, or as needed
3 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
1/2 cup unsalted butter, softened
1 cup white sugar
1 cup light brown sugar
4 large eggs, at room temperature
2 cups mashed sweet potatoes
1 tablespoon bourbon
1/2 cup buttermilk
1/2 cup sour cream
Glaze:
1/2 cup pure maple syrup
1/4 cup unsalted butter, melted
1/4 cup bourbon
1 (7 ounce) can whipped cream, or as needed (optional)

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place the oven rack in the center of the oven. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.
Combine softened butter and brown sugar in a medium-sized bowl; stir until well combined. Add maple syrup, bourbon, and salt. Stir in pecans and mix until well coated. Set topping aside.
Butter a 10-inch tube pan. Line the bottom of the pan with parchment paper; butter the parchment paper and lightly dust with flour. Evenly spread topping into the bottom of the tube pan and set aside.
Whisk flour, cinnamon, baking soda, and salt together in a bowl.
Mix softened butter, sugar, and brown sugar together in the bowl of a stand mixer. Mix on medium speed until well combined, 3 to 4 minutes; the mixture will be a bit grainy in appearance. Add eggs, 1 at a time, mixing on medium speed after each addition. Use a spatula to scrape down the bowl as needed. Add sweet potatoes and bourbon and mix on medium speed until well combined, scraping the bowl as needed.
Combine buttermilk and sour cream in a separate bowl.
Add 1/2 the flour mixture to the mixing bowl and mix on low speed until well blended. Add 1/2 the buttermilk mixture and beat on low until blended, scraping the bowl as needed. Add remaining flour to the mixing bowl and continue mixing. Add remaining buttermilk mixture and continue beating on low speed until batter is thick and smooth.
Pour batter into the prepared tube pan and place pan on the prepared baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until a wooden skewer inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean, 65 to 75 minutes. Remove cake from the oven and leave in the pan.
Prepare glaze by combining maple syrup, melted butter, and bourbon in a bowl. Use a wooden skewer to poke holes in the warm cake in the pan. Spoon 1/2 the glaze over the bottom of the cake.
Allow cake to cool on a wire rack, 20 to 25 minutes.
Invert cake onto a serving plate, remove parchment paper, and drizzle remaining glaze over the top of the cake. Serve with whipped cream.

Submitter: 
Bibi
Description: 
If you love sweet potato, try this cake recipe enriched with a little bourbon and sweetened with maple syrup, plus the crunch of pecans.
Categories:
Desserts
Nut Desserts
Pecan Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
884 calories
43.9
g fat
110.9
g carbohydrates
11.4
g protein
145
mg cholesterol
507
mg sodium.
