URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270027/instant-pot-pork-roast-with-cauliflower-gravy/
Title:
Instant Pot® Pork Roast with Cauliflower Gravy  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
4 cups chopped cauliflower
2 cups filtered water
1 medium onion, chopped
2 stalks celery, chopped
4 cloves garlic, chopped
1 (2 pound) pork shoulder roast
1 teaspoon sea salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
2 tablespoons coconut oil
1 (8 ounce) package sliced portobello mushrooms

Directions:
Place cauliflower, water, onion, celery, and garlic in the bottom of a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)). Place pork roast on top and season with salt and pepper. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 60 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Transfer pork to a baking dish and transfer cooked vegetables and broth to a blender.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Bake pork in the preheated oven while you prepare the gravy, allowing the fat to render and edges to crisp up.
Cover the blender and hold lid down with a potholder; pulse a few times before leaving on to blend vegetables until smooth.
Turn the Instant Pot(R) to the Saute function. Add coconut oil and mushrooms and cook until soft, 3 to 5 minutes. Pour in blended vegetables and continue to cook until gravy has thickened, 5 to 7 minutes.
Remove pork from the oven and shred with two forks. Serve with mushroom gravy.

Submitter: 
Stephannie
Description: 
Pork shoulder starts off in the Instant Pot® and finishes up in the oven while you prepare the tasty, cauliflower-based mushroom gravy in this low-carb, paleo meal.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Gravy
Pork Gravy

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 55 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
407 calories
28.3
g fat
12.5
g carbohydrates
27.1
g protein
89
mg cholesterol
562
mg sodium.
