URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270023/instant-pot-beef-stew-by-tammy/
Title:
Instant Pot® Beef Stew by Tammy Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 pinch salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 pinch garlic powder, or to taste
1 pinch seasoned salt (such as LAWRY'S®), or to taste
3 pounds cubed beef stew meat
2 tablespoons butter, or as needed
1/2 onion, chopped
2 cloves garlic, chopped
2 tablespoons tomato paste
3 cups beef broth
3/4 cup red wine
1 1/2 pounds potatoes, cut into chunks
3 carrots, cut into chunks
3 stalks celery, cut into chunks
3 parsnips, cut into chunks
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme
1 small bunch fresh parsley, chopped

Directions:
Mix flour, salt, pepper, garlic powder, and seasoned salt together in a shallow bowl. Add beef and toss to coat.
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) and select Saute function. Melt butter in the pot. Add beef in small batches and cook until browned, about 5 minutes. Transfer beef to a plate.
Add onion to the pot and saute for 4 minutes. Add garlic and tomato paste and cook until melded together, about 30 seconds. Pour in broth and wine; bring to a simmer, about 5 minutes. Scrape cooked bits from the bottom of the pot. Add browned beef, potatoes, carrots, celery, and parsnips. Add thyme and adjust seasoning, if desired.
Close and lock the lid. Choose Manual and high pressure; set the timer for 20 minutes. Allow 10 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 15 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid.
Transfer meat and vegetables to a serving plate. Select Saute function and simmer liquid in the pot until reduced by half, about 10 minutes. Serve alongside stewed meat and vegetables.

Submitter: 
Tammy Doerr
Description: 
Here is a basic Instant Pot® recipe for a thick and hearty beef stew you can have ready for a weeknight dinner.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Stews
Beef

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
341 calories
17.7
g fat
21.1
g carbohydrates
21.4
g protein
68
mg cholesterol
339
mg sodium.
