URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270031/simple-nashville-hot-chicken-biscuits/
Title:
Simple Nashville Hot Chicken Biscuits Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/6260250.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (16 ounce) can 8-count jumbo refrigerator biscuits
½ cup buttermilk
1  egg
2 tablespoons sriracha sauce
1 teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon garlic powder
¼ teaspoon cayenne pepper
½ cup all-purpose flour
2 tablespoons chicken and pork rub (such as Adkins(<sup>&reg;</sup>))
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breasts, thinly sliced into 8 pieces
½ cup cooking oil
1 tablespoon butter
2 tablespoons sriracha sauce
1 tablespoon agave nectar

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place biscuits 1 inch apart on an ungreased baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, 13 to 17 minutes. Set aside.
Mix buttermilk, egg, sriracha, salt, garlic powder, and cayenne pepper together in a shallow bowl. Mix flour and chicken and pork rub together in a separate shallow bowl. Dip chicken into buttermilk mixture then dredge in flour mixture; shake off excess.
Heat oil and butter in a cast iron skillet over medium heat. Fry coated chicken in the hot skillet until golden and cooked through, about 3 minutes per side.
Mix sriracha and agave nectar together in a bowl; adjust heat level to suit your preference.
Slice biscuits in half and place 1 piece of chicken on each bottom half. Place about 1 tablespoon sauce on each piece of chicken and top with the remaining biscuit halves.

Submitter: 
thedailygourmet
Description: 
This is my rendition of Nashville hot chicken, served as a sandwich with biscuits. To save time, I've used refrigerator biscuits. I'm not a fan of spicy hot, but this still packs some heat!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
7 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.43
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
40 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
434 calories
24.9
g fat
34.6
g carbohydrates
17.6
g protein
58
mg cholesterol
1918
mg sodium.
