URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270070/anti-inflammatory-sweet-potato-soup-/
Title:
Anti-Inflammatory Sweet Potato Soup  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
3 cups peeled, cubed sweet potatoes
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
3 cups low-fat chicken broth
2 tablespoons brown sugar
1/2 cup finely chopped white onion
1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/8 teaspoon ground cloves
1/8 teaspoon red pepper flakes (optional)
2 cups soy milk
salt to taste
1 cup cubed, cooked chicken (optional)
1 cup sliced canned carrots, drained (optional)

Directions:
Place sweet potatoes in a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until fork-tender, about 10 minutes. Drain.
Combine olive oil and flour in a heavy pot over medium-low heat; cook, stirring constantly, until a smooth paste forms and turns a light caramel color. Add broth and brown sugar. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to a simmer. Stir in sweet potatoes, onion, turmeric, cinnamon, cloves, and red pepper flakes. Bring back to a simmer and cook for 5 minutes more.
Remove soup from heat and allow to cool slightly. Fill a blender halfway with soup. Cover and hold lid down with a potholder; pulse a few times before leaving on to blend. Pour into another pot. Repeat with remaining soup.
Mix soy milk into the pureed soup and heat until warmed through, 5 to 10 minutes. Season with salt. Add chicken and carrots for more texture.

Submitter: 
LeroyDickson
Description: 
This sweet potato soup is not only very nutritious, but is also low residue, and anti inflammatory - the perfect soup for Crohn's sufferers. It's quite possibly the only thing you'd ever need to eat. All ingredients have been considered for anti-inflammatory, antioxidant, and nutritional properties. 

It has a curry flavor, sweet and spicy. It's a bit thicker than tomato soup.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Vegetable Soup
Sweet Potato Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
366 calories
13.7
g fat
43.6
g carbohydrates
17.1
g protein
27
mg cholesterol
496
mg sodium.
