URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270096/campbellsr-seafood-risotto-/
Title:
CAMPBELL'S® Seafood Risotto  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6297014.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (900 ml) carton CAMPBELL'S® 30% Less Sodium Ready To Use Seafood Broth
4 1/2 tablespoons butter
1 large shallot, finely chopped
3/4 cup arborio rice
1/2 cup dry white wine (Sauvignon Blanc)
2 cups small shrimp
1 tablespoon fresh parsley, finely chopped
3/4 tablespoon lemon zest, finely grated
1 tablespoon butter

Directions:
In a pot, heat the carton of seafood broth. Ensure you are heating but do not let it boil.
In a separate, thick-bottomed pot, heat 4 1/2 tablespoons butter over medium heat and saute the shallots for 2 to 3 minutes, until just translucent. Add the rice to the pot. Stir-fry the rice for 2 to 3 minutes, until all the grains are well coated in butter and beginning to toast.
Increase the heat to high and add the white wine. With a wooden spoon, stir the rice vigorously. Once the wine boils, turn the heat down until the wine is just simmering gently. Stir almost constantly, agitating the rice so that it releases its starch and creates a creamy sauce. Make sure rice does not sizzle on the bottom of the pot.
When the wine is almost cooked away, pour in half of the hot seafood broth. Stirring almost constantly, let this liquid reduce until it is almost gone, then add remaining hot broth. Continue heating until the sauce coats the back of a spoon. Stirring in the broth should take 15 to 20 minutes in all.
Add the shrimp, parsley, lemon zest, and 1 tablespoon of butter. Cook and stir until rice is tender and shrimp is opaque but still tender, about 5 minutes. Risotto should be loose and creamy.

Submitter: 
Campbell's Canada
Description: 
This tasty dish is flavored with white wine, lemon, and butter. Equally impressive at a dinner party or the family table.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
