URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270114/samosadilla-samosa-quesadilla/
Title:
Samosadilla (Samosa Quesadilla) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6272664.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled
kosher salt to taste
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 tablespoon butter
1 large yellow onion, diced
1 teaspoon kosher salt, or more to taste
1 1/2 teaspoons garam masala
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1/2 teaspoon ground coriander
1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1 serrano pepper, minced
3 cloves garlic, finely chopped
1 1/2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh ginger
1 cup green peas
2 tablespoons chopped cilantro
1 lemon, juiced
For the Cilantro Lime Chutney:
2 small bunches fresh cilantro with stems
1/3 cup fresh mint leaves
1/4 cup sliced green onions
1 serrano pepper, sliced
1 limes, juiced, or more to taste
1/2 cup plain yogurt
salt to taste
6 flour tortillas, or as needed
1 tablespoon olive oil, or as needed

Directions:
Cut potatoes into 1/4-inch cubes. Transfer into a pot of cold water. Stir in salt and bring to a boil over high heat. Simmer over medium heat until cubes are tender but still hold their shape, about 15 minutes. Drain potatoes in a colander and set aside.
Heat olive oil and butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add onion. Cook and stir until softened and translucent, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, combine 1 teaspoon kosher salt, garam masala, cumin, coriander, turmeric, and cayenne in a small bowl for the spice mix.
Add serrano pepper, garlic, ginger, and the spice mix to the onions. Cook and stir until mixture is well combined, about 2 minutes. Add peas; cook until heated through and slightly tender, about 3 minutes.
Transfer mixture into a bowl with the potatoes. Add cilantro and lemon juice. Mix with a spatula until filling is well combined, with some potatoes partially mashed. Add more salt if needed.
Combine cilantro, mint, green onions, serrano pepper, lime juice, and yogurt in a blender. Blend until smooth. Season with salt.
Spread a few spoonfuls of the filling over one half of 1 tortilla. Fold in half. Repeat with remaining filling and tortillas.
Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat. Cook each quesadilla until browned and crispy, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer quesadilla onto your work surface and cut in thirds. Plate and serve at any temperature, alongside the chutney sauce.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
While it's true a perfectly made, expertly fried, and quickly served samosa is superior to this version, that can be a very rare combination of events. By comparison, this quesadilla approach is almost impossible to mess up, and if you use enough oil in your pan, you should be able to achieve a beautifully browned, crispy crust that rivals something out of a deep fryer.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Indian

Number of ratings:
18 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
433 calories
13
g fat
70
g carbohydrates
11.9
g protein
6
mg cholesterol
916
mg sodium.
