URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270103/baharat-chicken-and-rice/
Title:
Baharat Chicken and Rice Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F6263149.jpg
Ingredients:
1 ½ tablespoons strong paprika
1 tablespoon ground black pepper
1 tablespoon cumin
¾ tablespoon ground coriander
¾ tablespoon ground loomi (dried lime)
½ tablespoon sumac powder
¼ tablespoon ground cinnamon
¼ tablespoon ground cloves
¼ tablespoon ground nutmeg
5  green cardamom pods, crushed
2  black cardamom pods, crushed
½ bunch fresh cilantro
2 tablespoons olive oil
½  fresh lemon, juiced
2  chicken thighs
2  chicken legs
1  chicken breast
1 ½ cups brown basmati rice
¼ cup raw cashews
¼ cup shelled raw almonds
¼ cup golden raisins
⅛ cup shelled raw pistachio nuts
2 teaspoons olive oil
1  shallot, diced
1 cup chicken broth

Directions:
Mix paprika, black pepper, cumin, coriander, loomi, sumac, cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg, green cardamom, and black cardamom together to make baharat spice mixture. Set baharat blend aside.
Combine cilantro, 2 tablespoons olive oil, and lemon juice in a resealable plastic bag. Add 1 tablespoon baharat blend. Add chicken pieces, seal, and shake. Marinate in the refrigerator at least 4 hours.
Meanwhile, place rice in a large bowl and cover with fresh water. Soak at least 1 hour. Rinse and drain and return to the bowl. Add cashews, almonds, raising, and pistachios. Stir in 1 tablespoon baharat blend. Mix well and set aside.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Heat 2 teaspoons olive oil in a Dutch oven or tagine over medium heat. Add shallot and cook until translucent, 1 to 3 minutes. Turn off heat. Add rice mixture and toss to coat.
Remove cilantro from the bag with the chicken. Pour marinated chicken on top of the rice in the Dutch oven; reserve bag. Pour broth into the bag and shake gently; pour over the chicken and rice. Cover Dutch oven.
Bake in the preheated oven until rice is soft and chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 75 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
A complex and intense baharat spice blend infuses roast chicken and basmati rice. I have made this like the combinations from the Gulf region by adding spices like loomi (dried lime). Keep this spice mix handy to add to soups, too.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
3 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.67
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
5 hrs 45 mins
Number of servings: 
4 hrs
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
539 calories
23
g fat
56.2
g carbohydrates
32.6
g protein
85
mg cholesterol
335
mg sodium.
