URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270293/loaded-halal-cart-fries/
Title:
Loaded Halal Cart Fries Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/6359626.jpg
Ingredients:
¼ cup grapeseed oil
2 tablespoons lemon juice
1 ½ tablespoons minced garlic
1 tablespoon red wine vinegar
1 teaspoon dried dill weed
1 teaspoon dried oregano
½ teaspoon ground coriander
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs
½ cup mayonnaise
½ cup Greek yogurt
2 tablespoons white vinegar
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
2 teaspoons lemon juice, or to taste
1 teaspoon honey, or to taste (optional)
1 pinch salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 (32 ounce) package frozen french fries
1 tablespoon olive oil, or to taste

Directions:
Combine grapeseed oil, lemon juice, garlic, vinegar, dill, oregano, and coriander in a 1-gallon resealable plastic bag. Taste marinade; add desired amount of salt and pepper. Add chicken and seal the bag. Shake gently to ensure chicken is evenly coated with the marinade.
Marinate the chicken in the refrigerator for 3 to 4 hours.
Make white sauce by whisking mayonnaise, yogurt, vinegar, parsley, lemon juice, honey, salt, and pepper together in a bowl. Refrigerate until serving.
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Spread french fries on a rimmed baking sheet.
Remove chicken from the marinade and season with more salt and pepper. Heat olive oil in a large cast iron skillet over medium-high heat. Cook chicken until browned on one side, about 5 minutes. Flip and continue cooking, reducing heat if needed, about 5 minutes more.
Meanwhile, bake fries in the preheated oven until light golden in color, 9 to 12 minutes.
Shred chicken or cut into small chunks. Divide fries among serving bowls; top with chicken. Drizzle while sauce over the top.

Submitter: 
Ren7497
Description: 
This recipe is life changing. Halal bowl, subbing the rice... wait for it... with crispy oven-baked fries! I used curly fries. For those of you who are not familiar with Halal bowls, they are usually served at street carts. The bowl is typically filled with yummy aromatic rice and topped with chicken or gyro meat, then lettuce, tomato, and this white sauce I like to call 'crack sauce'. 

This recipe came to me one day when I was craving a bowl but didn't have any rice on hand.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
3 hrs 30 mins
Number of servings: 
3 hrs
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
517 calories
34
g fat
30.7
g carbohydrates
22.7
g protein
78
mg cholesterol
563
mg sodium.
