URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270276/creamy-coconut-curry/
Title:
Creamy Coconut Curry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
4 tablespoons coconut butter
1/2 red onion, chopped
1 clove garlic, minced
1 teaspoon pink Himalayan salt
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/4 teaspoon fennel seeds
1/4 teaspoon ground coriander
1/4 teaspoon ground turmeric
1/4 teaspoon garam masala
1 tablespoon cornstarch
1/4 cup water
1 (14 ounce) can cream of coconut
4 curry leaves, or more to taste
1/2 teaspoon chili powder
1/2 cup cooked chickpeas
2 ounces broccoli florets, chopped
4 small heads baby bok choy (optional)

Directions:
Melt coconut butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Cook and stir onion and garlic using a wooden spoon until translucent and lightly brown in color, 2 to 3 minutes. Season with salt, cumin, pepper, fennel seeds, coriander, turmeric, and garam masala; mix until well incorporated. Stir in corn starch until a creamy paste forms.
Slowly mix water into the saucepan to dissolve cornstarch and thicken the mixture. Keep stirring until there are no lumps. Stir in chickpeas and broccoli and briefly cook until just lightly crisp and tender (do not overcook). Mix in coconut cream and curry leaves and cover pan halfway with a lid. Simmer until liquid is reduced and has thickened, 2 to 3 minutes.
Remove lid and lower heat to medium-low. Cook and stir until liquid is reduced and curry is thick and creamy, 3 to 5 minutes. Add bok choy and cook until wilted and curry has further reduced, 3 to 5 minutes.

Submitter: 
Fareeha Chaudhry
Description: 
This is a very creamy coconut-chickpea curry, made with  a can of thick and creamy Thai coconut cream for South Asian creamy goodness and spiced with garam masala. It is a quick and simple plant-based curry to prepare, for those who are always on the go looking for healthy plant-based lunch options. Serve over white rice, corn tortillas, or dumplings.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
998 calories
48.4
g fat
138
g carbohydrates
11.4
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
1552
mg sodium.
