URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270272/beet-salad-with-pecans-and-blue-cheese/
Title:
Beet Salad with Pecans and Blue Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
4 medium beets
1 tablespoon butter
1 sweet onion, chopped
1/4 cup micro greens
2 tablespoons candied pecans
2 tablespoons crumbled blue cheese
Honey-Mustard Vinaigrette:
2/3 cup olive oil
1/2 cup balsamic vinegar
2 tablespoons Dijon mustard
1 tablespoon honey

Directions:
Place beets into a large saucepan and pour in enough water to cover beets by 1 inch; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until skins begin to loosen, about 20 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C) and lightly grease a baking dish.
Drain beets, remove skins, and cut into halves or quarters, depending on size. Transfer to the prepared baking dish.
Roast in the preheated oven until beets are dark in color and almost fork tender, but not too soft, 30 to 40 minutes. Cool beets, dice into 1/2-inch cubes, and place in a bowl.
Combine olive oil, balsamic vinegar, Dijon mustard, and honey in a lidded jar for the honey-mustard vinaigrette. Close jar and shake to combine. Pour vinaigrette over beets and chill in the refrigerator until flavors have melded, 1 to 2 hours.
Meanwhile, heat butter in a skillet over low heat. Add onions and cook until caramelized, 15 to 25 minutes. Remove from heat, cool, and chop.
Arrange 1/4 of the marinated beets in a solid circle on 4 salad dishes. Top with layers of onions and micro greens and sprinkle with blue cheese and pecans. Drizzle remaining beet vinaigrette around each salad, if desired. Serve chilled.

Submitter: 
Susan Elane Berry
Description: 
A wonderful salad using my favorite veggie to grow, beets. They are the start of this delicious salad, which has a true summer feel to it.
Categories:
Salad
Vegetable Salads
Beet Salad

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
2 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
488 calories
42.1
g fat
24.6
g carbohydrates
5.4
g protein
11
mg cholesterol
378
mg sodium.
