URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270292/halal-cart-chicken-and-rice/
Title:
Halal Cart Chicken and Rice Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F6397172.jpg
Ingredients:
¼ cup light olive oil
2 tablespoons lemon juice
1 ½ tablespoons coarsely chopped garlic
1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano
½ teaspoon ground coriander
kosher salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 pounds boneless chicken thighs, trimmed of excess fat
1 cup Greek yogurt
1 tablespoon sriracha sauce, or more to taste
2 cloves garlic, minced
2 tablespoons unsalted butter
½ teaspoon ground turmeric
¼ teaspoon ground cumin
1 ½ cups long-grain rice
2 ½ cups chicken broth

Directions:
Combine olive oil, lemon juice, garlic, oregano, and coriander in a blender; blend until smooth. Season with salt and pepper.
Place chicken thighs in a resealable plastic bag; pour in blended marinade and seal. Refrigerate for 3 to 4 hours.
Whisk yogurt, sriracha sauce, garlic, salt, and pepper together to make the sauce. Refrigerate for 1 hour.
Preheat a skillet over medium-high heat. Remove chicken from the marinade and pat dry with paper towels. Cook skin-side down until well browned, 4 to 5 minutes. Flip and cook until no longer pink in the center, 4 to 5 minutes more.
Let chicken for 5 to 10 minutes, then chop into chunks.
Melt butter in a large Dutch oven over medium heat. Add turmeric and cumin; cook and stir until fragrant. Add rice and stir to coat. Cook, stirring frequently, until toasted, about 4 minutes. Pour in chicken broth and season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil; reduce heat, cover, and cook until broth is absorbed, about 15 minutes.
Remove Dutch oven from the heat and let stand, covered, for 15 minutes.
Divide rice and chicken among serving bowls. Drizzle yogurt sauce on top.

Submitter: 
duckman
Description: 
Halal cart chicken is boldly spiced and served with fragrant turmeric rice and spicy yogurt sauce. The perfect copycat of NYC street food.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
4 hrs 15 mins
Number of servings: 
3 hrs 20 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
410 calories
20.9
g fat
30.3
g carbohydrates
23.7
g protein
85
mg cholesterol
577
mg sodium.
