URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270369/tuscan-onion-soup-carabaccia/
Title:
Tuscan Onion Soup (Carabaccia) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6322489.jpg
Ingredients:
4 pounds red onions
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 tablespoon kosher salt
3 leaves sage
freshly ground black pepper to taste
ground cinnamon
1/4 cup finely ground almonds (optional)
3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, or to taste
5 cups beef broth, or more as needed
For the Toast:
3 thick slices Italian bread, halved
2 tablespoons olive oil, or to taste, divided
3 leaves sage, or to taste, sliced into thin strips
3 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese, or to taste, divided

Directions:
Trim ends off onions; halve and peel. Cut onions into thin slices lengthwise along the grain.
Heat olive oil in a very large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onions and kosher salt. Cook and stir until starting to turn translucent, 5 to 7 minutes. Reduce heat to medium and continue to cook, stirring occasionally, until very soft and sweet, about 1 hour.
Add sage leaves, pepper, cinnamon, and almonds to the onions. Cook and stir until fragrant, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer mixture to a soup pot. Pour in red wine vinegar and broth. Bring to a simmer over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until flavors blend, about 30 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a small baking sheet with aluminum foil.
Place Italian bread on the baking sheet. Drizzle some olive oil over the bread; sprinkle sliced sage and some Parmesan cheese on top.
Toast in the preheated oven until browned, about 15 minutes.
Ladle soup into serving bowls and top each with a piece of toast. Drizzle remaining olive oil over the toast and sprinkle remaining Parmesan cheese on top. Dunk toast into the soup and let soak for a few minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
I've wanted to make carabaccia ever since I found out it was the ancient ancestor of French onion soup. They say that when made with vegetable broth, it was the favorite soup of vegetarian Leonardo da Vinci. Now you can add these interesting facts to your dinner party conversation repertoire. As for the cinnamon, the safe play is to not add any and live happily ever after. But in tiny amounts it lends a mysterious, warming background note.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Vegetable Soup
Onion Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.83333349227905
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
2 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
308 calories
14.6
g fat
37.7
g carbohydrates
9.4
g protein
2
mg cholesterol
1750
mg sodium.
