URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270395/mcnamaras-guinnessr-dinner/
Title:
McNamara's Guinness® Dinner Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3383748.jpg
Ingredients:
3 slices bacon, or more to taste
2 large red potatoes, diced
1 medium onion, diced
2 cloves garlic, finely chopped
4 cups shredded kale
1 (12 fluid ounce) can or bottle Irish stout beer (such as Guinness®), divided
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano
1/2 teaspoon dried tarragon leaves, crushed
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 (15 ounce) can black beans, drained
3 tablespoons butter
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
3 tablespoons tomato paste

Directions:
Place bacon slices in a large, cold cast iron skillet over medium heat. Cook, turning occasionally, until crispy, 7 to 10 minutes. Drain bacon slices on paper towels and reserve remaining grease in the pan.
Meanwhile, place diced potatoes in a microwave-safe bowl with some water. Microwave on high for 3 minutes, stir, and heat for 3 minutes more.
Saute onion and garlic in the pan with the bacon fat until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Add potatoes; cook until lightly browned, 3 to 5 minutes more. Stir in kale. Pour in a spoonful or two of stout and bring to a boil until kale is bright green, scraping the browned bits of food off the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon.
Season kale with oregano, tarragon, salt, and pepper. Add beans and remaining stout. Bring to a boil. Cover, reduce heat, and simmer until potatoes are fork-tender, about 10 minutes. Drain mixture through a colander set over a bowl; reserve the cooking liquid.
Melt butter in the pan. Whisk in flour until a light golden brown paste forms. Add tomato paste and some of the reserved liquid; whisk until blended. Whisk in the remaining liquid and reduce until sauce is rich and thick, 3 to 5 minutes.
Combine sauce with the vegetable mixture in a serving dish; season with salt and pepper. Crumble the bacon and sprinkle it on top.

Submitter: 
RMNAAS
Description: 
A hearty, aromatic, and colorful dinner for your St. Patrick's Day feast that goes great with a pint of Guinness® Stout!
Categories:
Side Dish
Vegetables
Greens

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
224 calories
6.3
g fat
32.7
g carbohydrates
8.3
g protein
15
mg cholesterol
402
mg sodium.
