URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270306/abbys-lemon-raspberry-dessert-bars/
Title:
Abby's Lemon Raspberry Dessert Bars Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5687561.jpg
Ingredients:
Shortbread:
1 cup flour
1/2 cup butter, softened
1/4 cup granulated sugar
Raspberry Filling:
2 tablespoons cold water
2 teaspoons unflavored gelatin
16 ounces fresh raspberries
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1 teaspoon lemon juice
Lemon Mousse:
1 tablespoon cold water
1 teaspoon unflavored gelatin
2 tablespoons boiling water
1 cup heavy cream, cold
1/2 cup granulated sugar
2 tablespoons lemon juice
1 teaspoon lemon extract
yellow food coloring, or as desired (optional)

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Blend together flour, butter, and sugar using an electric mixer in a medium-sized bowl. Press shortbread mixture into the bottom of an ungreased 9x9-inch baking pan.
Bake in the preheated oven until firm and golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes.
Place cold water in a bowl to prepare raspberry filling. Sprinkle gelatin over water; stir. Let stand to soften, about 1 minute.
Puree raspberries using a food processor. Press berry puree through a fine mesh sieve into a medium saucepan; discard the seeds. Stir in gelatin mixture, sugar, and lemon juice.
Bring mixture to a boil over medium-high heat. Reduce heat to medium and cook, stirring frequently while skimming foam from sides of saucepan using a slotted spoon, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low. Cook, stirring frequently until bright in color, thickened, and reduced by half, 8 to 10 minutes.
Pour raspberry filling over shortbread and let cool completely, about 2 hours.
Place cold water for lemon mousse in another bowl. Sprinkle gelatin over water; stir. Let stand to soften, about 1 minute. Add boiling water; stir until gelatin is completely dissolved. Mixture will be clear.
Combine heavy cream, sugar, lemon juice, lemon extract, and yellow food coloring in a large, cold, mixing bowl. Beat mixture at medium speed with an electric mixer until stiff peaks form. Pour in gelatin mixture and beat until well blended. Pour lemon mousse over firm raspberry filling and spread to cover. Allow to set completely, about 4 hours, before cutting into bars.

Submitter: 
Abby Milburn
Description: 
These lemon raspberry bars are a delicious, light, and refreshing summer dessert! I made them for my family and they absolutely loved them. It is sweet and tart all at the same time.
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Raspberry Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
7 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
332 calories
18.4
g fat
40.5
g carbohydrates
2.9
g protein
57
mg cholesterol
76
mg sodium.
