URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270343/cheeseburger-and-pickle-soup/
Title:
Cheeseburger and Pickle Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6326541.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon vegetable oil, or as needed
1 pound lean ground beef
1 medium yellow onion, diced
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 cup ketchup
1 cup mustard
4 cups chicken stock, or as needed
1 stick unsalted butter
3 pounds shredded Cheddar cheese
2 pinches cayenne pepper, or to taste
1 cup finely chopped dill pickles
1/4 cup dill pickle juice
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Heat oil in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Add beef and cook until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain excess fat and set beef aside.
Reduce heat to medium and cook onion until browned, 4 to 5 minutes. Add garlic and saute until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add beef, ketchup, and mustard. Cook, stirring frequently, for 1 minute more. Add stock and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 10 to 15 minutes.
Melt butter in a separate pot. Slowly add in Cheddar cheese, stirring constantly, until sauce is melted and smooth, 4 to 5 minutes. Slowly pour cheese sauce into the soup, stirring constantly to combine. Season with cayenne pepper and simmer over medium-low heat for 10 to 15 minutes.
Add pickles and juice. Stir and season with salt and pepper. Add more stock for a soupier consistency, or simmer a little longer for a thicker one. Remove from heat.

Submitter: 
momscaasi
Description: 
This is a classic cheeseburger soup but with a unique twist; adding dill pickles. It sounds a little strange but if you love dill pickles on your cheeseburger, this recipe is a must! I had it at a restaurant once and fell in love, and I've been perfecting it ever since. Garnish with a dollop of sour cream and/or more pickles - I like more chopped pickles in mine, personally.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
calories
fat
carbohydrates
protein
cholesterol
sodium.
