URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270309/instant-pot-chicken-alfredo/
Title:
Instant Pot® Chicken Alfredo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6298698.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (6 ounce) skinless, boneless chicken breast
2 tablespoons butter, divided
1 1/2 teaspoons garlic salt, divided
1 teaspoon cantanzaro herbs (from Savory Spice Shop®)
1 clove garlic, minced
2 cups penne pasta
16 ounces heavy whipping cream
2 1/2 cups freshly grated Parmesan cheese
1 pinch freshly ground black pepper to taste (optional)

Directions:
Slice chicken breast into 3 thin filets. Sprinkle all sides with 1 teaspoon garlic salt and cantanzaro herbs.
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) and select Saute function. Melt 1 tablespoon butter. Add chicken breasts and sear on both sides until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Remove and set aside.
Wipe out the pot. Melt remaining 1 tablespoon butter, and cook garlic until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add pasta and stir to coat in butter. Pour in cream and stir to thoroughly combine with pasta.
Place an elevated steamer rack inside the Instant Pot(R). Wrap chicken breasts in parchment paper and place on top of the steamer rack.
Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 10 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions for 10 minutes. Release remaining pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Remove rack with chicken. Stir remaining garlic salt and Parmesan cheese into sauce.
Divide pasta into 3 serving bowls and top each with 1 chicken breast filet. Top with additional Parmesan and freshly ground black pepper if desired.

Submitter: 
thedailygourmet
Description: 
I don't claim to be Italian, and I'm sure many Italian nonnas would cringe at a pressure-cooked chicken Alfredo, but this recipe is kept simple to ensure the integrity of the classic dish. Please note this recipe uses heavy whipping cream, and I cannot guarantee the same success with any other liquid. I recommend Savory Spice Shop® cantanzaro herbs instead of Italian herbs. This uses an elevated steam rack, which can be found on Amazon.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Sauces
Pasta Sauces
Creamy
Alfredo Sauce

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
1118 calories
85.3
g fat
43
g carbohydrates
47.2
g protein
319
mg cholesterol
2068
mg sodium.
