URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270419/chicken-fajita-egg-rolls/
Title:
Chicken Fajita Egg Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/6422992.jpg
Ingredients:
vegetable oil for frying
2  eggs
2 tablespoons milk
2 tablespoons olive oil
1  red onion, minced
1  red bell pepper, chopped
1  green bell pepper, chopped
1  jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced (optional)
½ cup finely chopped mushrooms (optional)
cayenne pepper, or to taste
2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts, thinly sliced
2 (8 ounce) packages shredded pepper Jack cheese
16  egg roll wrappers, or more as needed

Directions:
Heat oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Beat eggs and milk together to make egg wash.
Heat olive oil in a saute pan over medium heat. Cook and stir onion, peppers, mushrooms, and cayenne until slightly softened, about 5 minutes. Add chicken and cook until no longer pink, about 5 minutes. Mix in pepper Jack cheese until thoroughly combined and starting to melt, 1 to 2 minutes.
Place equal amounts of the filling mixture in the center of each egg roll wrapper. Fold in side corners and roll up, sealing edges with egg wash.
Cook egg rolls in the hot oil until they float to the top and turn golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Work in batches to avoid overcrowding. Lay flat on paper towels to drain, standing on their ends to drain any excess oil.

Submitter: 
Brian
Description: 
Tex-Mex chicken fajita ingredients put in an egg roll. If you have access to a turkey fryer, I recommend using it to cook these in order to cut down on number of batches and speed up the cooking process. This can be an appetizer or part of a full meal. Goes great with ginger soy sauce or even some pico de gallo.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
35 mins
Ready in:
55 mins
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
262 calories
16.2
g fat
7.5
g carbohydrates
20.7
g protein
89
mg cholesterol
259
mg sodium.
