URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270418/easy-chile-relleno-egg-rolls/
Title:
Easy Chile Relleno Egg Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/724474.jpg
Ingredients:
2 (12 ounce) packages egg roll wrappers
1 (27 ounce) can whole green chiles - seeded, drained well, and patted dry
1 pound Monterey Jack cheese, cut into 3x1/2-inch thick strips
vegetable oil for frying

Directions:
Lay a wrapper on a work surface diagonally so it resembles a diamond. Place a slice of green chile horizontally across the wrapper, 1 inch above the bottom point. Place a strip of Monterey Jack cheese on top of the chile.
Fill a small bowl with water. Dip an index finger into the water and moisten the edges of the wrapper. Roll the wrapper up and over the chile and cheese, starting from the point closest to you. Bring in both sides, making sure to press firmly to seal the filling. Roll away from you and to enclose the yumminess inside. Repeat with remaining wrappers, chiles, and Monterey Jack cheese.
Heat approximately 1/2 inch of oil in a deep frying pan over medium heat. Carefully lay a few egg rolls into the hot oil. Fry, turning once, until golden brown on both sides, 2 to 3 minutes. Watch carefully to prevent burning. Repeat with remaining egg rolls.
Transfer fried egg rolls to a plate lined with paper towels and let cool for a few minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
MizzWycked
Description: 
I love chile rellenos, but they can be time consuming to make from scratch. This is a fast fix! Feel free to spoon your favorite ranchera sauce over the top if serving with rice and beans. This recipe comes from my 76-year-old Japanese mother, who learned it from a Filipino lady she used to work with back in the early 80s. If using wonton wrappers, you can serve these as appetizers. Enjoy!
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Wraps and Rolls
Egg Rolls

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
175 calories
8
g fat
18
g carbohydrates
7.7
g protein
19
mg cholesterol
636
mg sodium.
