URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270416/ram-rosemary-ancho-molasses-wings/
Title:
Ram (Rosemary, Ancho, Molasses) Wings Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
2 ½ pounds chicken wing sections
2 teaspoons vegetable oil
3 teaspoons kosher salt
1 tablespoon minced fresh rosemary
2 tablespoons ancho chili powder, or more to taste
½ teaspoon cayenne pepper
3 tablespoons white vinegar
1 tablespoon molasses, or more to taste
2 teaspoons molasses
1 tablespoon honey
1 teaspoon ancho chili powder
1 pinch salt
1 pinch cayenne pepper
1  lime, juiced
1  lime, cut into wedges

Directions:
Place chicken wings in a bowl. Add oil, salt, rosemary, ancho chili powder, cayenne pepper, vinegar, and molasses. Toss with a spatula until thoroughly combined. Cover with plastic wrap and marinate in the refrigerator for 4 to 12 hours.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with a silicone mat.
Spread wings out onto the baking sheet. Add any marinade left in the bowl.
Roast in the preheated oven until meat pulls cleanly off the bone, about 45 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
While wings are baking, make the finishing glaze. Whisk molasses, honey, chili powder, salt, cayenne, and lime juice in a large bowl.
Immediately transfer hot wings into the glaze. Toss until coated and let sit for 5 minutes. Toss briefly a second time. Plate the wings and serve with lime wedges and a pinch of ancho.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
Flavored with rosemary, ancho, and molasses, these chicken wings honor this year's Super Bowl(<sup>&reg;</sup>) teams, one being the Los Angeles <sup>&reg;</sup>ams and the other which shall not be named. You'll use the easiest of methods to produce the most crowd-pleasing, finger-messing 'sticky wings.' The technique simply involves soaking wings in a sweet, spicy marinade, baking them wet, and then tossing them with a finishing glaze.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
6 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.67
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
5 hrs
Number of servings: 
4 hrs 5 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
194 calories
11
g fat
11.2
g carbohydrates
13.2
g protein
40
mg cholesterol
1029
mg sodium.
