URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270615/roasted-acorn-squash-with-apples-and-cranberries/
Title:
Roasted Acorn Squash with Apples and Cranberries Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 large acorn squash
3 Granny Smith apples - peeled, cored, and diced
1 cup chopped celery
1 cup chopped onion
1 cup dried cranberries
2 tablespoons brown sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/3 cup water
2 tablespoons butter
1/2 cup finely chopped walnuts (optional)

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place squash into a large pot of boiling water; boil for 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer squash to a large bowl of ice cold water and set aside until cool enough to handle, 5 to 10 minutes.
Peel squash along the ridges using a vegetable peeler, then use a teaspoon or grapefruit spoon to dig out peel in the valleys of the squash. Slice squash in half and remove seeds and stem. Cut remaining squash into bite-sized chunks.
Combine squash, apples, celery, onion, and dried cranberries in a large bowl.
Combine brown sugar, salt, cinnamon, and nutmeg in a small bowl. Add to squash mixture and toss well to combine. Pour mixture into the prepared baking dish. Add water and dot the top with butter. Sprinkle with walnuts.
Bake, uncovered, in the preheated oven until squash is fork-tender, about 1 hour. Add some liquid halfway through to prevent drying out, if necessary. Serve hot.

Submitter: 
All.Around.The.Kitchen
Description: 
Nutty, savory, tart, and sweet... This acorn squash makes a great autumn side dish that's even better the next day, and perfect for Thanksgiving! Serve with roasted chicken or turkey. This can also be tossed with white or brown rice for a complete meal.
Categories:
Side Dish
Vegetables
Squash
Acorn Squash Side Dishes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 55 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
226 calories
8
g fat
41.2
g carbohydrates
2.9
g protein
8
mg cholesterol
185
mg sodium.
