URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270640/korean-glass-noodles-jap-chae/
Title:
Korean Glass Noodles (Jap Chae) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6471159.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 pound dried Korean sweet potato noodles
2 1/2 teaspoons sesame oil, divided
2 tablespoons soy sauce
2 teaspoons white sugar
1 tablespoon cooking oil
3/4 cup thinly sliced onions
2 carrots, cut into matchsticks
2 cloves garlic, finely minced
3 scallions, cut into 1-inch lengths
1/2 cup thinly sliced shiitake mushrooms
1/2 pound spinach, well washed and drained
1 tablespoon sesame seeds

Directions:
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil; stir in vermicelli pasta and return to a boil. Cook pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the pasta is tender yet firm to the bite, about 5 minutes. Drain and return to the pot; toss with 1 teaspoon sesame oil. Use kitchen shears to cut noodles into approximately 8-inch lengths. Set noodles aside.
Mix soy sauce and sugar together in a bowl. Heat oil in a large saute pan or wok over high heat and swirl to coat. Add carrots and onions to the hot oil and fry until just softened, about 1 minute. Add garlic, scallions, and mushrooms and fry for 30 seconds more. Add spinach, soy sauce mixture, and cooked noodles. Fry until noodles are warmed through, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat and toss with sesame seeds and remaining sesame oil.

Submitter: 
grk_tigris
Description: 
The type of noodles used in this dish is made from sweet potato starch and translucent when cooked, hence the English name, 'glass noodles.' They are also gluten free and are wonderfully springy and light. These noodles can be served hot, room temperature, or even slightly chilled; they are very versatile. They can be found at most Asian markets.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Korean

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
442 calories
10.6
g fat
83
g carbohydrates
5.3
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
712
mg sodium.
