URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270608/instant-potltsupgt-regltsupgt-tacos-al-pastor/
Title:
Instant Pot® Tacos al Pastor Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6354883.jpg
Ingredients:
3 pounds pork butt, cut into 2-inch cubes
2 cups pineapple juice
1/4 cup white vinegar
1 orange, juiced
1 lime, juiced
1 cup chopped onion
4 cloves garlic, chopped
2 chipotle peppers in adobo sauce
1 tablespoon chili powder
1 teaspoon cumin
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 (1.41 ounce) package sazon seasoning with achiote
vegetable oil as needed
20 ounces pineapple chunks, drained
12 (10 inch) flour tortillas
1/2 cup chopped red onion
pico de gallo salsa
1 avocado, diced (optional)
chopped cilantro (optional)
1 lime, cut into wedges

Directions:
Place pork in a large lidded container. Combine pineapple juice, vinegar, orange juice, lime juice, onion, garlic, chipotle peppers, chili powder, cumin, salt, pepper, and sazon in a blender; blend until smooth. Pour sauce over the pork and make sure all chunks of meat are covered. Seal the container and marinate for at least 8 hours or up to 24 hours.
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) and select Saute function. Add vegetable oil and heat until hot. Add chunks of marinated pork and brown on all sides, reserving extra sauce, about 5 minutes. You may need to work in batches depending on the size of your Instant Pot(R). Turn off Saute mode and pour reserved sauce over the pork. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 35 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure first using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 10 minutes. Release remaining pressure using the manufacturer's quick release method, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid.
Set an oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.
Remove the pork chunks from the pot using tongs or a slotted spoon, and place them on the baking sheet. Reserve the sauce in the Instant Pot(R) for now.
Use forks to coarsely shred the pork, removing and discarding any excess fatty chunks. Spread meat out evenly on the prepared baking sheet. Add pineapple chunks to the baking sheet with the meat, then place the baking sheet under the broiler. Broil until the tips of the meat and pineapple are beginning to get a little brown and crispy, about 5 minutes. Remove from the oven.
Use a spoon to drizzle the reserved sauce from the Instant Pot(R) over the meat to moisten it and add some more of the marinade flavor.
Create tacos by portioning the pork and pineapple chunks on flour tortillas. Add chopped red onion, pico de gallo salsa,  avocado, and cilantro. Garnish with lime wedges.

Submitter: 
fabeverydayblog
Description: 
While traditional al pastor meat is cooked on a spit, this flavorful variation is made using your Instant Pot® or multi-cooker pressure cooker after marinating. The result is a fall-apart tender, flavor-infused pork taco that your family will request again and again.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Latin American
Mexican

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
9 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
431 calories
14.1
g fat
54.2
g carbohydrates
21.5
g protein
43
mg cholesterol
1338
mg sodium.
