URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270616/hidden-cove-puff-pastry-chicken-pot-pie/
Title:
Hidden Cove Puff Pastry Chicken Pot Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/6361847.jpg
Ingredients:
cooking spray
1 (17.5 ounce) package frozen puff pastry, thawed
2 tablespoons butter
3 tablespoons flour, plus more for dusting
2 cups chicken broth
½ cup milk
2 teaspoons Hidden Cove lemon-garlic blend (from Savory Spice Shop(<sup>&reg;</sup>))
1 cup shredded Swiss cheese
¼ cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese
10 ounces rotisserie chicken breasts, diced
1 (16 ounce) package frozen California blend vegetables, thawed
1  egg, beaten

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Lightly spray an 8-inch casserole dish with nonstick spray.
Lightly flour a work surface and roll 1 pastry sheet into an 11-inch square. Cut remaining pastry sheet crosswise into strips and wave into a lattice on a baking sheet. Freeze lattice while preparing the filling.
Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add flour and whisk thoroughly until blended. Slowly pour in chicken broth and milk, whisking continually. Stir in Hidden Cove lemon-garlic blend, Swiss cheese, and Parmesan cheese. Mix well until everything is combined, about 5 minutes. Add chicken and vegetables.
Fit puff pastry square into the prepared casserole dish, trimming corners as needed. Pour chicken filling into the dough. Top with latticed puff pastry, pressing and crimping the edges to seal. Brush with beaten egg.
Bake, uncovered, in the preheated oven until filling is bubbly and top is golden brown, 45 to 55 minutes. Let stand 15 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
thedailygourmet
Description: 
This chicken pot pie is a step away from the traditional pot pie, as it uses puff pastry, rotisserie chicken, California blended vegetables, a sauce reminiscent of a Mornay sauce, and a seasoning called Hidden Cove lemon-garlic blend.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
4 Ratings
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 30 mins
Number of servings: 
15 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
555 calories
35.2
g fat
41.5
g carbohydrates
18.8
g protein
68
mg cholesterol
635
mg sodium.
