URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270688/rainbow-bundt-cake/
Title:
Rainbow Bundt&reg; Cake Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F1035594.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, or as needed
1 package white cake mix
1 (1 ounce) package instant vanilla pudding mix
4  eggs, lightly beaten
1 cup sour cream
½ cup butter, melted
½ cup water
1 teaspoon white sugar
1 drop red paste food coloring, or as needed
1 drop purple gel food coloring, or as needed
1 drop blue paste food coloring, or as needed
1 drop green paste food coloring, or as needed
1 drop yellow paste food coloring, or as needed
1 drop orange paste food coloring, or as needed
1 (16 ounce) package prepared chocolate frosting
¼ cup rainbow sprinkles, or as needed

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 10-cup fluted tube pan.
Combine cake mix, pudding mix, eggs, sour cream, butter, water, and sugar in a mixing bowl. Beat on low speed until ingredients are moistened, then beat on medium-high speed for 1 minute. Batter will be thick. Divide batter evenly into 6 bowls. Tint each batch a different color, using enough food coloring paste to reach desired tone; colors will deepen and brighten when baked.
Spoon red batter into the bottom of the prepared pan and smooth using an offset spatula to evenly distribute. Carefully spoon purple batter on top and spread with spatula, pressing batter thinner near the inner edge and thicker at the outer edge of pan to create an arc effect. Repeat with blue, green, yellow, and orange batters. Gently tap pan on the counter 3 times to allow batter to settle.
Bake on the middle rack of the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean and top is just starting to brown, 35 to 45 minutes. Be careful not to overbake.
Cool cake in the pan for 10 minutes. Turn cake out onto a plate and allow to cool completely before frosting, about 1 hour.
Drizzle or spread frosting over cake and decorate with rainbow sprinkles.

Submitter: 
GoosesGirl94
Description: 
I wanted something unique and fun for my grandson's birthday. I initially thought about doing a rainbow layer cake, but thought I might be able to achieve an actual rainbow arc if I used a fluted tube pan (such as Bundt®). I was thrilled when we sliced this and I saw how vibrant and arc-shaped the rainbow turned out. And my little guy was delighted with it ... he thought I was magic!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
3 Ratings
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
2 hrs 15 mins
Number of servings: 
1 hr 10 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
498 calories
25.4
g fat
65
g carbohydrates
5.1
g protein
83
mg cholesterol
473
mg sodium.
