URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270706/keto-chicken-fritters/
Title:
Keto Chicken Fritters Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/6388100.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken thighs, cut into halves
½ teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon paprika
¼ teaspoon ground black pepper
¼ teaspoon garlic powder
½ cup shredded mozzarella cheese
2 tablespoons mayonnaise
1  egg, lightly beaten
2  green onions, minced
2 tablespoons plain unsweetened protein powder (such as Isopure(<sup>&reg;</sup>))
2 tablespoons olive oil, divided

Directions:
Combine chicken pieces, salt, paprika, pepper, and garlic powder in the bowl of a food processor; pulse until meat is coarsely chopped into 1/4- to 1/2-inch pieces. Do not over process.
Transfer chicken mixture to a bowl. Add mozzarella cheese, mayonnaise, egg, and green onions; mix to combine. Sprinkle protein powder on top and mix together until evenly combined. Set aside for flavors to blend, 20 to 30 minutes; the mixture will be wet.
Preheat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat.  Use a 1/4-cup measuring cup to scoop 4 slightly heaping portions into the skillet. Press down on each fritter slightly to form a small patty.  Cook until no longer pink in the center and fritters are golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Remove fritters and drain on a paper towel-lined plate; keep warm. Repeat with remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and chicken mixture. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
France C
Description: 
These healthy and flavorful chicken fritters are slightly crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. The whole family will love this simple weeknight meal. They are great on their own, served atop a salad, or inside lettuce wraps topped with garlic aioli. Play around with the seasonings and cheese to suit your tastes!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
3 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.33
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
55 mins
Number of servings: 
20 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
183 calories
13.8
g fat
0.8
g carbohydrates
13.5
g protein
64
mg cholesterol
266
mg sodium.
