URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270756/basmati-rice-and-turkey-stuffed-peppers/
Title:
Basmati Rice and Turkey Stuffed Peppers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4619499.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups water
3/4 cup brown basmati rice (such as Trader Joe's®)
1/2 onion, minced
2 cloves garlic, minced
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
1 pound lean ground turkey
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1/4 cup tomato sauce
1 cup low-sodium chicken broth, divided
1 tablespoon olive oil
4 large red bell peppers, halved lengthwise and seeded
1/2 cup shredded Cheddar cheese

Directions:
Bring water and brown rice to a boil in a saucepan. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until rice is tender and liquid has been absorbed, 45 to 50 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add onion, garlic, and parsley; cook for 2 minutes. Add ground turkey, salt, and garlic power. Cook and stir using a wooden spoon until meat is no longer pink and slightly browned, about 5 minutes. Add tomato sauce and 1/2 cup chicken broth. Simmer over low heat for 5 minutes. Add cooked rice and stir stuffing well.
Fill each bell pepper half with stuffing and arrange neatly in a 9x13-inch baking dish. Cover each pepper with a handful of shredded Cheddar cheese. Pour remaining chicken broth into the bottom of the baking dish and cover tightly with aluminum foil.
Bake in the preheated oven for 40 minutes. Remove foil and bake until cheese is browned, about 5 minutes more. Serve right away.

Submitter: 
Emily Ott
Description: 
These are perfect for a weeknight, guilt-free meal with the family that even the kids will love! Any leftover stuffing can be kept in the fridge for 3 days
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Turkey
Ground

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 55 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
calories
fat
carbohydrates
protein
cholesterol
sodium.
