URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270885/creamy-cashew-chicken-curry/
Title:
Creamy Cashew Chicken Curry Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
2 teaspoons kosher salt, or more to taste
1 ½ teaspoons ground cumin
1 teaspoon ground coriander
2 teaspoons paprika
½ teaspoon cayenne pepper
½ teaspoon ground turmeric
2 teaspoons garam masala
2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
2 tablespoons butter, divided
1  yellow onion, chopped
2 tablespoons tomato paste
4  garlic cloves, minced
1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger root
1 cup chicken broth
2 cups cold water
¾ cup whole roasted cashews
⅓ cup sliced green onions
⅓ cup freshly chopped cilantro
1  lime, juiced

Directions:
Mix salt, cumin, coriander, paprika, cayenne, turmeric, and garam masala together in a small bowl.
Cut a chicken thigh in half lengthwise along the crease. Halve the thicker portion to end up with three 2-inch pieces. Repeat with remaining chicken thighs.
Transfer chicken to a bowl. Add oil and about 1/2 of the spice blend; mix thoroughly. Cover with plastic wrap and marinate in the fridge for 4 to 12 hours.
Heat 1 tablespoon butter in a large pan over high heat until melted and golden brown. Add the chicken in a single layer. Cook until browned, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Return chicken and accumulated juices to the bowl.
Heat remaining butter in the same pan over medium-high heat. Add onion, remaining spice blend, tomato paste, garlic, and ginger. Cook and stir until fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour in chicken broth and bring to a simmer. Add the chicken and any accumulated juices.
Combine water and cashews in a blender; blend on high speed until very smooth. Stir cashew cream into the pan. Reduce heat to medium and simmer until flavors blend, 15 to 20 minutes. Stir in green onions and cilantro; taste for seasoning. Squeeze in lime juice.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
Mooove over, real cream - this curry is made rich and creamy with (cow-free) cashew cream, which is remarkably similar to heavy cream in appearance, taste, and in-sauce behavior. In fact, cashew cream actually thickens up faster. You won't need anything too exotic, besides maybe garam masala, to make this straightforward recipe. Garnish with whole cashews, lime wedges, and cilantro. Serve with rice, garlic naan, or both!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
27 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.81
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
4 hrs 50 mins
Number of servings: 
4 hrs
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
287 calories
18.5
g fat
9.4
g carbohydrates
22
g protein
77
mg cholesterol
824
mg sodium.
