URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270863/chicken-enchiladas-with-salsa-verde/
Title:
Chicken Enchiladas with Salsa Verde Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F837176.jpg
Ingredients:
5 large chicken breasts
salt and ground black pepper to taste
water
5  fresh tomatillos, husks removed
1  serrano pepper, or more to taste
2 cloves garlic
3  poblano peppers
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1  onion, chopped
1 cup chopped fresh cilantro
1  lime, juiced
½ cup vegetable oil
12  corn tortillas
2 (8 ounce) packages shredded queso quesadilla (white Mexican cheese)
4 tablespoons Mexican crema

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Fill a large pot 3/4 full with water and bring to a boil. Add chicken and season with salt and black pepper. Cook until chicken is no longer pink inside, about 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, bring 1 cup water to a boil in a medium-sized pot. Add tomatillos, serrano pepper, and garlic. Boil for 12 minutes.
Heat a cast iron skillet over medium heat. Place poblano peppers in a resealable plastic bag and add 1 tablespoon oil. Toss to coat. Transfer peppers to the hot skillet and roast until dark brown on all sides, about 5 minutes. Return roasted peppers to the resealable bag and seal. Set aside to steam for 10 minutes. Take out peppers from the bag; remove and discard skins and stems.
Use a slotted spoon to transfer tomatillos, serrano peppers, garlic, and 1/2 cup of the cooking liquid to a blender. Add onion, cilantro, lime juice, roasted poblano peppers, salt, and pepper to the blender. Liquefy into a smooth sauce.
Remove chicken from the water in the pot and shred using a fork.
Heat 1/2 cup oil in a skillet over medium heat. Fry tortillas in the hot oil until softened, about 5 seconds on each side. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towels to absorb excess oil.
Pour 1/2 the sauce from the blender into the bottom of a long glass baking pan. Roll a portion of chicken mixture and some shredded queso cheese on a tortilla, roll up, and place in the pan. Repeat with remaining tortillas, chicken mixture, and queso cheese. Cover enchiladas with remaining sauce. Use a spoon to add crema in a zigzag design on top. Top everything with remaining queso cheese.
Bake in the preheated oven until cheese starts to brown, about 20 minutes.

Submitter: 
stefanie416
Description: 
Delicious, cheesy, spicy, tangy enchiladas that are not only easy to make, but scrumptious.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 20 mins
Number of servings: 
10 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
476 calories
32
g fat
21.5
g carbohydrates
26.6
g protein
100
mg cholesterol
454
mg sodium.
