URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270812/pan-asian-risotto-with-miso-shrimp/
Title:
Pan-Asian Risotto with Miso Shrimp Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons white miso paste
1 tablespoon lemon juice
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1 tablespoon water
1 dash sriracha hot sauce (optional)
1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined
Broth:
7 cups water
3 cups hanakatsuo (dried shaved bonito)
1 (2 inch) piece galangal, thinly sliced, or to taste
1 lemongrass - crushed, halved, and chopped into 1-inch lengths
2 (1 inch) squares kombu (dried seaweed), edges cut
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1 teaspoon fish sauce, or more to taste
1 teaspoon salt, or more to taste
Risotto:
1/2 stick unsalted butter
1 medium shallot, finely chopped
2 cloves garlic, finely chopped
2 cups Arborio rice
1/2 cup sake
1/2 cup mirin (Japanese sweet wine)
2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, divided
1/2 teaspoon sesame oil, divided
1 tablespoon lemon juice
1 teaspoon soy sauce
6 fresh shiitake mushrooms, stems removed and caps thinly sliced
1 medium head baby bok choy, stalks removed, leaves shredded
1/2 finely chopped green onions

Directions:
Mix miso, lemon juice, soy sauce, water, and hot sauce in a resealable zip-top bag. Add shrimp, toss to coat, and seal. Refrigerate until ready to use.
Bring 7 cups of water to a boil in a large pot. Add hanakatsuo, reduce heat to medium-high, and steep for 10 to 15 minutes. Strain broth and return to pot. Add galangal, lemongrass, and kombu; steep for 15 minutes. Strain again and return to the pot. Add soy sauce, fish sauce, and salt. Reduce heat and keep broth at a bare simmer.
Melt butter in large nonstick pot over low heat. Add shallot and garlic; cook and stir until soft, 6 to 8 minutes. Increase heat to medium-low. Add rice and stir, using a wooden spoon, until coated in butter. Cook until rice grains are transparent with a tiny white core, 4 to 5 minutes. Add sake and mirin; cook, stirring well, 3 to 4 minutes more.
Pour 3 cups of the hot broth into the rice; stir well. Let soak, stirring occasionally, 10 to 15 minutes. Stir in 1 more cup of broth; let simmer until mostly absorbed, 5 to 10 minutes. Add 1 more cup.
Meanwhile, drain marinade from shrimp. Heat 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil and 1/4 teaspoon sesame oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add shrimp; saute, tossing constantly, until pink and just firm, 4 to 6 minutes. Stir in 1 tablespoon lemon juice and transfer to a serving bowl.
Heat soy sauce and remaining oils in the same saucepan. Add mushrooms; cook, stirring constantly, until lightly browned, 1 to 2 minutes. Add bok choy and toss until wilted. Add mixture to the risotto along with 1/4 cup hot broth; stir well.
Divide risotto between large, shallow bowls. Garnish with green onions and arrange miso shrimp around the edge of each bowl. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Cervaise
Description: 
Asian ingredients combine with a classical risotto method to create a unique and unusual but extremely delicious entree. I just won a cooking contest with this original recipe so I can assure you it's worth the work.
Categories:
Main Dish
Rice
Risotto

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
587 calories
14.1
g fat
78
g carbohydrates
26.5
g protein
135
mg cholesterol
1387
mg sodium.
