URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270996/baked-siopao-/
Title:
Baked Siopao  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Dough:
1 cup milk
1/2 cup vegetable oil
1/4 cup water
2 large eggs
4 cups all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon active dry yeast
1 pinch salt
Filling:
1 pound ground pork
1/4 cup soy sauce
3 tablespoons white sugar
2 tablespoons oyster sauce
2 tablespoons cornstarch
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
2 teaspoons vegetable oil
1 medium onion, diced
3 cloves garlic, minced
3 star anise
1 cup water

Directions:
Heat milk in a microwave-safe container in a microwave until lukewarm, but not scalding, 15 to 30 seconds. Mix warm milk, vegetable oil, water, and eggs together in a bowl.
Mix flour, yeast, and salt together in a separate bowl. Stir in milk mixture until fully incorporated. Cover the bowl and let rest for 15 minutes.
Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Knead until smooth and elastic, adding flour as needed if too sticky to work with, about 5 minutes. Shape dough into a smooth ball by tucking folded ends under. Place dough ball into a clean bowl, cover, and let rise in a warm area until doubled in size, 1 hour to 90 minutes.
While dough is rising, prepare filling by placing pork in a bowl with soy sauce, sugar, oyster sauce, cornstarch, and black pepper. Mix well to combine.
Heat vegetable oil over medium heat in a large skillet. Cook and stir onion, garlic, and star anise in the hot oil for 2 minutes. Add ground pork mixture and cook until browned and crumbly, breaking up any large clumps of meat that may form, 4 to 5 minutes. Pour in water; reduce heat and let simmer, scraping the bottom of the pan occasionally until filling is glazed but not soupy, about 10 minutes. Refrigerate filling until dough is ready.
Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F (95 degrees C). Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper.
Portion dough out into golf ball-sized pieces (about 2 inches in diameter). Arrange on the prepared baking pan with 1 to 2 inches of space between them. Flatten dough balls using your hand to 1/4-inch thickness, or slightly larger than the palm of your hand. Put 1 tablespoon filling in the dough centers. Gather edges of dough at the top; twist, and pinch to seal. Replace each bun back on the prepared baking sheet.
Turn off the oven once it has reached temperature.
Transfer the baking sheet to the warm oven and let buns rest until doubled in size, about 30 minutes.
Heat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C), leaving buns inside.
Bake buns until bottoms are lightly browned, 12 to 15 minutes.

Submitter: 
AvelaineS
Description: 
This is my take on the Filipino steamed meat bun.
Categories:
Main Dish
Dumplings

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
184 calories
8.5
g fat
19.7
g carbohydrates
6.8
g protein
29
mg cholesterol
187
mg sodium.
