URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/270943/air-fryer-scotch-eggs-/
Title:
Air Fryer Scotch Eggs  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6430035.jpg
Ingredients:
Dipping Sauce:
3 tablespoons Greek yogurt
2 tablespoons mango chutney (such as Patak's®)
1 tablespoon mayonnaise
1/8 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon pepper
1/8 teaspoon curry powder
1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper (optional)
Scotch Eggs:
1 pound pork sausage (such as Jimmy Dean®)
6 eggs, hard-boiled and shelled
1/3 cup flour
2 eggs, lightly beaten
1 cup panko bread crumbs
cooking spray

Directions:
Combine yogurt, chutney, mayonnaise, salt, pepper, curry powder, and cayenne in a small bowl. Refrigerate until ready to use.
Divide pork sausage into 6 even portions. Flatten each portion into a thin patty. Place one egg in the middle and wrap the sausage around the eggs, sealing all sides. Set eggs aside on a plate.
Preheat air fryer to 390 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Place flour into a small bowl and beaten eggs into another small bowl. Place panko bread crumbs onto a plate. Dip each sausage-wrapped egg into flour, then dip into beaten egg, letting the excess drip off. Roll in bread crumbs and place onto a plate.
Spray basket of the air fryer with cooking spray and place eggs into the basket. Do not overcrowd; cook in batches if necessary. Cook for 12 minutes, turning eggs over halfway through. Repeat with remaining eggs. Serve with dipping sauce.

Submitter: 
France C
Description: 
When you make Scotch eggs in your air fryer, you get all the deliciousness without the mess and added fat of deep frying. They make the perfect breakfast or snack, especially when served with the chutney dipping sauce. Cook the eggs to your liking; either hard-boiled or slightly soft, you can't go wrong. You can find mango chutney in the Indian section of your grocery store.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Eggs

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
407 calories
27.8
g fat
21.5
g carbohydrates
21.4
g protein
284
mg cholesterol
945
mg sodium.
