URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/271023/gluten-free-irish-whiskey-cheesecake/
Title:
Gluten-Free Irish Whiskey Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Oatmeal Crust:
6 ounces gluten-free oatmeal cookies
1 tablespoon firmly packed dark brown sugar
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
3 1/2 tablespoons very cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes
Coffee Filling:
24 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature
1 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar
2 1/2 tablespoons firmly packed dark brown sugar
4 eggs, at room temperature
2 tablespoons coffee-flavored liqueur (such as Kahlua®)
2 teaspoons coffee-flavored liqueur (such as Kahlua®)
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
5 teaspoons instant espresso powder
7 tablespoons Irish whiskey
Topping:
3/4 teaspoon instant espresso powder
1/2 teaspoon white sugar
1 tablespoon heavy whipping cream
1 1/2 cups chilled heavy whipping cream
2 tablespoons white sugar
10 chocolate-covered espresso beans, or as desired

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Lightly butter a 9-inch springform pan. Wrap the pan in a double layer of heavy duty aluminum foil, securely wrapping it around the pan.
Combine cookies, 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar, and cinnamon in a food processor; finely grind. Add butter and process until crumbs hold together. Press mixture into the prepared pan, covering the bottom and extending 1 1/2 inches up the sides.
Bake crust in the preheated oven until crust darkens slightly, about 8 minutes. Remove from the oven. Let crust cool completely, about 30 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Blend cream cheese and sugar in a food processor until smooth, scraping down sides of bowl occasionally. Mix in 1 egg, 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons coffee liqueur, and vanilla extract. Dissolve espresso powder in Irish whiskey in a large bowl. Stir in cream cheese mixture. Whisk in remaining eggs 1 at a time. Pour filling into the cooled crust.
Place the filled springform pan into a large, deep baking pan. Add 1 inch of hot water to the outer pan.
Bake in the hot oven until outer 2 inches of cake are firm and slightly puffed, about 45 minutes; center will appear moist and edges may crack slightly. Remove springform pan from the water and place on a wire rack; let cool to room temperature, about 1 hour. Refrigerate cake in the pan until well chilled, about 2 hours more. Cover pan with plastic wrap and let cake mellow for 1 to 2 days.
Dissolve espresso powder and 1/2 teaspoon sugar in 1 tablespoon cream in a small bowl. Beat 1 1/2 cups chilled cream and 2 tablespoons sugar together in a large bowl until soft peaks form. Fold in espresso mixture. Remove plastic wrap and pan sides from the cake. Serve topped with the whipped topping and garnished with chocolate-covered espresso beans.

Submitter: 
Sue Kast
Description: 
A friend gave me this recipe and I have ben making it for years. It is perfect for St Patrick's day. It's great just after chilling, but tastes best after mellowing in the fridge for 1 to 2 days.
Categories:
Desserts
Specialty Desserts
Liqueur Desserts
Coffee Liqueur

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 d 1 h 55 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
678 calories
47.7
g fat
47.9
g carbohydrates
9.5
g protein
202
mg cholesterol
314
mg sodium.
