URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/271072/hungarian-chicken-paprikash/
Title:
Hungarian Chicken Paprikash Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F6460324.jpg
Ingredients:
4 slices bacon, diced
1  onion, chopped
4  skinless, boneless chicken breasts
1 (14.5 ounce) can diced tomatoes
1 tablespoon paprika, or more to taste
½ cup water, or more as needed
1 teaspoon salt
½ cup sour cream
1 tablespoon all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon cold water
2 ½ cups all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
1  egg, lightly beaten
1 cup water
1 teaspoon butter

Directions:
Place a large pot or Dutch oven over medium heat and cook bacon until crisp, about 4 minutes. Add onion and cook until soft and translucent, 3 to 5 minutes, stirring once or twice. Add chicken and tomatoes. Cover and cook over medium-low heat for 10 minutes. Stir in paprika. Pour in 1/2 cup to 3/4 cup water and season with salt. Cover and simmer over low heat for 25 minutes. Remove lid and cook an additional 5 minutes.
Transfer chicken to a plate and keep warm. Mix sour cream and 1 teaspoon cold water together in a small bowl. Add mixture to the pot and stir until gravy is evenly colored and smooth. Return chicken to the pot, cover and simmer on low for another 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, stir flour and salt together in a bowl. In a separate bowl mix egg and water together. Gradually add flour mixture and stir together until dumpling batter is very thick and mixture breaks from a spoon.
Bring 2 quarts of water to a boil in a large pot. Add 2 teaspoons salt.
Drop 1/2 teaspoons of dumpling batter into the boiling water. Dumplings will rise to the surface in about 1 minute; boil for 5 minutes more. Use a slotted spoon to transfer dumplings to a bowl. Repeat steps until batter is used up and all dumplings are cooked. Mix 1 teaspoon of butter with cooked dumplings. Add dumplings to chicken mixture in the pot and allow to heat through.

Submitter: 
katja
Description: 
Csirke Paprikas is the Hungarian term for this delicious dish. My mom has been making this for 35 years! Recently she went to visit Budapest and found this little cafe that served it. She liked it so well, she modified her recipe to closely match that, and here it is, enjoy! Serve over rice or egg noodles.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 55 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
671 calories
23.5
g fat
76.5
g carbohydrates
35.1
g protein
139
mg cholesterol
1793
mg sodium.
