URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/271060/chirashi-bowl/
Title:
Chirashi Bowl Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
3 cups water
2 cups sushi rice
1 teaspoon salt (optional)
1/2 cup rice vinegar
1/4 cup white sugar
3 large eggs, beaten
1 carrot, cut into 1/4-inch pieces
1/2 pound sushi-grade ahi tuna, sliced
1/2 pound sushi-grade salmon, sliced
1 pound cooked shrimp
1 medium cucumber, cut into 1/4-inch pieces
1 avocado, diced
1/2 cup diced mushrooms
1 bunch green onions, diced
1/4 cup diced pickled ginger

Directions:
Combine rice, water, and salt in a pot. Bring to a low boil. Reduce heat to very low, cover, and cook for 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, mix rice vinegar and sugar together until sugar is dissolved.
Heat a skillet over medium heat. Pour in eggs and cook until set, about 5 minutes. Let cool briefly before dicing. Cook carrot in the same skillet over low heat until softened slightly, about 5 minutes.
Remove rice from heat and let stand for at least 5 minutes.
Transfer rice to a large bowl. Add vinegar-sugar mixture while using a fan or hair dryer to blow air over the rice. Mix, without crushing the rice grains, until all of the vinegar is absorbed and rice is sticky and shiny, 3 to 5 minutes.
Arrange tuna, salmon, and shrimp over rice. Garnish with egg, carrot, cucumber, avocado, mushrooms, green onions, and pickled ginger.

Submitter: 
Benjamin Zuckerman
Description: 
Home-style Japanese cooking. It is basically all of the ingredients for sushi mixed up in a bowl and served. It is a very fast and convenient way to enjoy the taste of sushi without all the work! I like to have cut-up pieces of seaweed to serve on the side, and a soy sauce-wasabi mixture is nice too. Good with tea, but better with beer.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
425 calories
8.6
g fat
54.1
g carbohydrates
31.2
g protein
209
mg cholesterol
533
mg sodium.
