URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/271003/italian-easter-cookies-biscotti/
Title:
Italian Easter Cookies (Biscotti) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/994374.jpg
Ingredients:
6 cups all-purpose flour
6 teaspoons baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup shortening (such as butter-flavored Crisco®)
1 cup white sugar
4 whole eggs
2 teaspoons anise extract
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 cup milk
Icing:
1 cup confectioners' sugar
2 teaspoons anise extract
2 tablespoons milk, or as needed
1/4 cup sprinkles, or as needed

Directions:
Combine flour, baking powder, and salt in a bowl.
Cream together shortening and white sugar in a bowl until creamy. Add 1 egg at a time, mixing well after each. Add 2 teaspoons anise extract and vanilla extract. Slowly add milk and mix until all ingredients are blended. Slowly add flour mixture, and mix until thick but creamy. Place dough in the refrigerator for 30 minutes to overnight.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Coat a work surface and hands with flour. Take a quarter-sized piece of dough and roll into a long narrow sausage shape. Form into desired shapes, such as "s" shapes, twists, candy canes, letters, etc. Cookies will puff up when baked, so be sure each cookie is only about the width of a pinky finger. Place cookies on a baking sheet about 1 1/2 inches apart.
Bake in the preheated oven until light golden in color and golden brown on the bottom, 12 to 15 minutes. Let cool completely, about 1 hour.
Place confectioners' sugar in a bowl and add 2 teaspoons anise extract. Mix in milk 1 tablespoon at a time until icing is smooth and creamy and not too drippy. Coat cooled cookies with icing and top with sprinkles.

Submitter: 
LANAIAH
Description: 
This is my Italian grandmother's recipe from long ago. She use to make these cookies for every Easter celebration. I have since picked up where she left off and now make these cookies as part of our Easter tradition. I love the anise flavoring but if you don't like anise you can substitute with almond extract and they are just as good! This is my favorite cookie to dip in my coffee! Enjoy!
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
Italian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
72
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
91 calories
3.4
g fat
13.3
g carbohydrates
1.6
g protein
11
mg cholesterol
79
mg sodium.
