URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/271073/rye-sotto-with-glazed-root-vegetables/
Title:
'Rye-sotto' with Glazed Root Vegetables Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Rye-sotto:
2 quarts vegetable broth
4 tablespoons olive oil
1 yellow onion, diced
4 cloves garlic, minced
4 cups rye berries
salt and ground black pepper to taste
Glazed Root Vegetables:
1 pound carrots, peeled and cut into obliques
1 pound parsnips, peeled and cut into obliques
1 pound baby turnips, peeled and cut into obliques
1 pound golden beets, peeled and diced
4 sprigs fresh thyme
2 tablespoons sugar
2 bay leaves
10 whole black peppercorns
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 quart water, or as needed
Red Wine Reduction:
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 shallot, minced
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 (750 milliliter) bottle red wine
4 bunches fresh thyme
1 bay leaf
2 tablespoons honey
salt and ground black pepper to taste
3 ounces chevre (goat cheese)

Directions:
Pour vegetable broth into a saucepan and bring to a simmer. Meanwhile, heat oil in a heavy-bottomed pot over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and cook until soft and translucent but not browned, about 5 minutes. Add rye berries and stir to coat with oil and toast slightly. Pour in hot vegetable broth, cover pot with a tight-fitting lid, and reduce heat. Simmer until berries are tender, about 1 hour.
Meanwhile, heat a large saute pan over medium heat. Add carrots, parsnips, turnips, beets, thyme, sugar, bay leaves, peppercorns, and salt. Cover with water to about 1/4 inch above the vegetables. Bring to a simmer and watch carefully; cook until vegetables just tender, 10 to 20 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to transfer vegetables to a bowl. Strain liquid through a mesh strainer to remove herbs and peppercorns and return liquid to the pan over medium heat. Cook liquid until reduced and almost evaporated, 5 to 10 minutes. Return vegetables to the pan and toss in the glaze. Keep warm until ready to use.
Heat oil in a small saucepan over medium-low heat. Add shallot and garlic and cook briefly, about 1 minute. Add red wine, thyme, and bay leaf and adjust heat to a low simmer. Cook until reduced by half, 10 to 20 minutes. Strain reduction through mesh strainer and discard herbs. Return reduction to the saucepan and add honey to soften the wine and add sheen and color to the final sauce. Heat over medium heat until saucy and flavorful without being harsh, 5 to 10 minutes more. Season with salt and pepper.
Season cooked rye berries with salt and pepper, remove from heat, and set aside. Toss chevre with rye berries at the last minute and adjust seasonings if necessary.
Place rye-sotto in a line down the near-center of a serving plate, then spoon vegetables at an askew angle. Drizzle red wine reduction across the top.

Submitter: 
Vista Verde Ranch
Description: 
This 'rye-sotto' is obviously a play on words. The technique used to make this dish is more like making a pilaf than making a true risotto. Rye berries will not release starch like arborio or carnaroli rice, and therefore the slow cooking while stirring constantly method is unnecessary here. I simply simmer the rye berries until tender and make it creamy by folding in the goat cheese.
Categories:
Everyday Cooking
Vegetarian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
1 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
461 calories
11.1
g fat
71.7
g carbohydrates
13.3
g protein
6
mg cholesterol
513
mg sodium.
