URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/271048/spicy-vegan-mango-and-tofu-stir-fry/
Title:
Spicy Vegan Mango and Tofu Stir-Fry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6434756.jpg
Ingredients:
Sauce:
1 (8 ounce) can diced pineapple, undrained
1/2 cup vegetable broth
1 mango - peeled, seeded and diced
1 habanero pepper, stemmed, or more to taste
1 (2 inch) piece fresh ginger, peeled and thinly sliced
4 cloves garlic
3 tablespoons soy sauce
1 tablespoon brown sugar
1 tablespoon rice vinegar
1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric
Stir Fry:
1 (12 ounce) package extra-firm tofu, pressed and cut into thin strips
1 tablespoon cornstarch, or as needed
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
3 stalks celery, cut into very thin strips
2 large carrots, cut into thin strips
2 mangos - peeled, seeded, and cut into thin strips
2 green chile peppers, cut into very thin strips
salt to taste
1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, or to taste
1 tablespoon chopped scallions, or to taste

Directions:
Combine pineapple, broth, mango, habanero, ginger, garlic, soy sauce, brown sugar, rice vinegar, and turmeric in a small saucepan. Simmer over medium heat, 10 to 15 minutes.
Pour sauce contents carefully into the bowl of a food processor or electric blender and mix until smooth. Set aside.
Place tofu in a large mixing bowl and add enough cornstarch to lightly coat all pieces.
Heat a wok over high heat. Add vegetable oil to the hot wok; heat until shimmering, about 1 minute. Add tofu and stir-fry until uniformly golden brown, about 5 minutes. Transfer tofu to a plate and set aside.
Place celery, carrots, mangos, and green peppers into the wok and stir-fry until they are soft and have a bright color while remaining firm, about 5 minutes. Add tofu back to the pan with sauce and combine well. Taste and add salt as needed. Serve topped with cilantro and scallions.

Submitter: 
Curran
Description: 
This is a vegan sweet and spicy tofu stir fry that was inspired by a dish I get at my local Thai restaurant. I've been working through this recipe for several years now but finally have created something I love. Ensuring all of the ingredients are thinly cut results in uniform cooking as well as a crunchy and addictive texture.

 This recipe also works great with chicken if tofu isn't your thing!
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
299 calories
11.6
g fat
44.6
g carbohydrates
9.8
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
834
mg sodium.
