URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/271154/easy-crispy-vietnamese-shrimp-balls/
Title:
Easy Crispy Vietnamese Shrimp Balls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1074872.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound uncooked medium shrimp, peeled and deveined
1 large egg, lightly beaten
2 tablespoons minced shallot
1 tablespoon sesame oil
2 teaspoons cornstarch
2 teaspoons packed light brown sugar
2 teaspoons fish sauce
2 cloves garlic, minced
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 1/2 cups fine bread crumbs
2 large eggs, beaten
1/2 cup vegetable oil for frying, or as needed

Directions:
Rinse shrimp well under cold water and pat dry with a paper towel. Coarsely chop shrimp into medium pieces and place in the bowl of a food processor.
Add 1 beaten egg, shallot, sesame oil, cornstarch, brown sugar, fish sauce, garlic, salt, and pepper to the shrimp in the food processor. Blend until a smooth paste is created. Transfer shrimp paste to a bowl and refrigerate until slightly hardened, about 30 minutes.
Remove paste from refrigerator. Use an ice cream scoop, a tablespoon, or your hands to form shrimp paste into balls.
Place a steamer insert into a saucepan and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer. Bring water to a boil. Add shrimp balls, cover, and steam until they become opaque, about 5 minutes. Transfer steamed shrimp balls to a plate and allow to cool to room temperature, about 5 minutes.
Place bread crumbs in a bowl and season with salt and pepper. Place 2 beaten eggs in a separate bowl. Roll steamed shrimp balls in bread crumbs, then in beaten eggs, then again in bread crumbs and then place on a plate.
Heat oil in a small pan over medium heat. Cook shrimp balls until golden brown on all sides, about 5 minutes.

Submitter: 
Arads
Description: 
This is my take on the classic Vietnamese sugar cane shrimp recipe and it works great! Serve with Vietnamese dipping sauce (nuoc cham) or mix of hoisin sauce and sriracha hot sauce or plain.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Seafood
Shrimp

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
297 calories
18.9
g fat
17.2
g carbohydrates
14.5
g protein
156
mg cholesterol
385
mg sodium.
