URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/271131/orzo-with-caramelized-mushrooms-and-wilted-spinach/
Title:
Orzo with Caramelized Mushrooms and Wilted Spinach Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1038864.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup uncooked orzo pasta
4 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided
4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided
2 cloves garlic, minced, divided, or more to taste
1 1/2 cups sliced button mushrooms
1 cup coarsely chopped fresh baby spinach, or more to taste
1/2 cup minced green onions, or to taste
1/2 cup shredded Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, or more to taste
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook orzo in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until tender yet firm to the bite, about 11 minutes.
Meanwhile, heat a skillet over medium heat. Add 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, and 2 cloves garlic. Stir in mushrooms and toss to coat. Cook without stirring until very browned and caramelized, 5 to 7 minutes. Flip mushrooms to brown on the other side, about 5 minutes more.
Add remaining butter and oil to the skillet with the mushrooms. Add additional garlic to taste. Toss and cook for about 1 minute. Drain orzo, reserving about 1/2 cup cooking water. Add orzo and a splash or two of cooking water as desired to the skillet. Add spinach and green onions and mix well. Cook until warmed through, 3 to 5 minutes more. Add Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese and season with salt and pepper.

Submitter: 
Semigourmet
Description: 
This is a side dish for everyone. Great taste and very versatile! You can change this recipe many different ways to suit your taste, for example, add slivered or shaved almonds, don't add mushrooms etc. It's very versatile.
Categories:
Everyday Cooking
Vegetarian
Side Dishes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
462 calories
28.7
g fat
40.2
g carbohydrates
12.1
g protein
39
mg cholesterol
205
mg sodium.
