URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/271122/cheesy-chicken-casserole-with-vegetables/
Title:
Cheesy Chicken Casserole with Vegetables Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F2213361.jpg
Ingredients:
½ cup dry farina cereal (such as Cream of Wheat®)
¼ cup cornmeal
½ teaspoon ground ginger
½ teaspoon ground turmeric
1  egg
2 pounds chicken thighs
2 tablespoons canola oil
2  potatoes, cut crosswise into thin slices
1 head cauliflower, broken into florets
¼ cup butter
4 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 ½ cups milk
2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese

Directions:
Combine cereal, cornmeal, ginger, and turmeric in a resealable plastic bag. Shake well until evenly mixed.
Lightly beat egg in a separate bowl. Dip chicken thighs into the egg, one at time, and coat well. Place each thigh in the bag with the cereal mixture, seal, and shake well to coat.
Heat oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. Add chicken thighs; cook until browned, about 5 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh should read 160 degrees F (70 degrees C). Transfer chicken onto a serving plate, reserve oil in the pan, and allow to cool.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Cook potatoes in the reserved oil until lightly browned, 4 to 5 minutes. Reduce heat and cook until softened, about 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, place a steamer insert into a saucepan and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer. Bring water to a boil. Add cauliflower, cover, and steam until tender, 2 to 6 minutes.
Arrange cauliflower florets along the inside edge of a 2 1/2-quart casserole dish. Cover the bottom with potatoes.
Melt butter in a saucepan over medium-low heat. Whisk in flour until the mixture becomes paste-like and light golden brown, about 5 minutes. Gradually whisk in milk and cook until thickened to desired consistency, 5 to 10 minutes. Add about 1/2 of the Cheddar cheese and stir until melted.
Pour sauce over the casserole, coating the vegetables well. Add chicken thighs and sprinkle remaining Cheddar cheese on top.
Bake in the preheated oven until chicken is browned, about 40 minutes. Remove from oven and place on a wire rack to cool.

Submitter: 
Cheerios
Description: 
Crispy coated chicken thighs with delicious vegetables in a creamy cheese sauce for a satisfying dinner.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 35 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
546 calories
32.2
g fat
30.8
g carbohydrates
32.8
g protein
143
mg cholesterol
333
mg sodium.
