URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/271117/vietnamese-noodle-salad-with-lemongrass-chicken/
Title:
Vietnamese Noodle Salad with Lemongrass Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Lemongrass Chicken:
4 small skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
3 red chile peppers, stemmed
3 cloves garlic
2 stalks lemongrass, white parts only, finely sliced
4 tablespoons olive oil
2 tablespoons fish sauce
2 teaspoons sesame oil
2 teaspoons white sugar
1 teaspoon flaked sea salt
Vietnamese Sauce:
2 tablespoons white sugar
lemon, juiced
4 tablespoons water, or more as needed
2 tablespoons fish sauce
1 clove garlic, finely chopped
1 red chile pepper, finely chopped
Salad:
1 (8 ounce) package vermicelli rice noodles
1/4 cup baby lettuce, or to taste
1/4 cup julienned cucumber, or to taste
1/4 cup finely shredded carrot, or to taste
1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh cilantro, or to taste
1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh mint, or to taste

Directions:
Place chicken into a large zip-top freezer bag.
Combine red chile peppers, garlic, lemongrass, olive oil, fish sauce, sesame oil, sugar, and sea salt into a food processor. Blend until mixture is finely chopped and combined. Pour marinade into the freezer bag with chicken, making sure chicken is well coated. Marinate in the refrigerator for at least 3 hours to overnight.
Remove chicken from the refrigerator 30 minutes before cooking to allow to come to room temperature.
Heat a large cast iron or nonstick pan over medium-high heat. Cook chicken in batches until golden and caramelized on the outside and no longer pink in the centers, 7 to 10 minutes. Transfer chicken to a cutting board and cut into thick slices using a sharp knife.
Place sugar into a medium bowl add lemon juice and stir to dissolve. Stir in water and fish sauce, followed by garlic and chile pepper. Set aside to settle, 5 to 10 minutes. Taste and adjust for seasoning; add more lemon juice or sugar as needed.
Meanwhile, place noodles in a large bowl and cover with hot water. Set aside until noodles are softened, about 15 minutes.
Place cooked noodles into serving bowls. Top with chicken, lettuce, cucumber, carrot, cilantro, mint, and sauce.

Submitter: 
kimmi
Description: 
Full of fresh and bold Vietnamese flavors.
Categories:
Salad
Pasta Salad
Chicken Pasta Salad

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
4 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
517 calories
18.6
g fat
66.8
g carbohydrates
21.9
g protein
48
mg cholesterol
1691
mg sodium.
