URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/27176/vietnamese-style-chicken-curry-soup/
Title:
Vietnamese-Style Chicken Curry Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/182550.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 (3 pound) whole chicken, skin removed and cut into pieces
1  onion, cut into chunks
2  shallots, thinly sliced
2 cloves garlic, chopped
⅛ cup thinly sliced fresh ginger root
1 stalk lemon grass, cut into 2 inch pieces
4 tablespoons curry powder
1  green bell pepper, cut into 1 inch pieces
2  carrots, sliced diagonally
1 quart chicken broth
1 quart water
2 tablespoons fish sauce
2  kaffir lime leaves
1  bay leaf
2 teaspoons red pepper flakes
8 small potatoes, quartered
1 (14 ounce) can coconut milk
1 bunch fresh cilantro

Directions:
Heat oil in a large stock pot over medium heat.  Cook chicken and onions in oil until onions are soft and translucent; remove onions and chicken from pot and set aside.
Saute shallots in pot for about 1 minute, then stir in garlic, ginger, lemon grass and curry powder.  Continue to cook for about 5 minutes, then stir in bell pepper and carrots.  Return chicken and onion to pot and stir in chicken broth, water and fish sauce.  Season with lime leaves, bay leaf and red pepper flakes.
Bring to a boil and introduce potatoes.  Return to a boil and pour in coconut milk.  Reduce heat and simmer 40 to 60 minutes, until potatoes and chicken are tender. Garnish each dish with a sprig of fresh cilantro.

Submitter: 
shaggy
Description: 
I use Vietnamese-style curry powder found at Asian food stores (usually called 'cari'). If you can't find it, use Madras curry powder. I make mine soupy, but you can make a thick stew by reducing the amount of chicken broth and water by half. Serve with rice or French bread, or both.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
51 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.61
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
2 hrs 30 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
512 calories
26.8
g fat
40.6
g carbohydrates
29.8
g protein
75
mg cholesterol
374
mg sodium.
