URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272239/shrimp-and-zucchini-rice-bowl/
Title:
Shrimp and Zucchini Rice Bowl Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6472594.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil, divided
2 cups sliced green onions
1/4 teaspoon salt, divided
2 (8.8 ounce) packages UNCLE BEN'S® READY RICE® Whole Grain Brown Rice
2 1/2 cups sliced zucchini
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 pound peeled and deveined large shrimp
1/2 cup unsalted chicken stock
1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice
1 teaspoon Dijon mustard
1 tablespoon unsalted butter
1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon
2 ounces goat cheese, crumbled
Tarragon leaves for garnish (optional)

Directions:
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over medium-low heat. Add green onions and 1/8 teaspoon salt. Cover and cook until green onions are tender, stirring occasionally, about 3 minutes; add a tablespoon of water during cooking if green onions start to brown. Add rice to skillet; cook over medium heat 2 minutes or until thoroughly heated, stirring occasionally. Divide rice mixture evenly among 4 bowls.
Increase heat to medium-high and add remaining 1 tablespoon oil to skillet. Add zucchini and remaining 1/8 teaspoon salt; saute 3 minutes or until zucchini starts to soften. Add garlic and shrimp; cook 4 minutes or until shrimp are done. Divide mixture evenly among bowls.
Add chicken stock, lemon juice, and mustard to skillet, scraping pan to loosen browned bits; cook 3 minutes or until sauce slightly thickens. Remove from heat, and stir in butter and tarragon. Drizzle sauce evenly over bowls. Sprinkle with goat cheese. Garnish with additional tarragon, if desired.

Submitter: 
Uncle Ben's
Description: 
Silky-soft green onions enliven whole-grain rice that serves as the base of a satisfying bowl of garlicky sauteed shrimp and zucchini with herbed lemon-Dijon sauce.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
UNCLE BEN'S&#174;

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
