URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272261/fig-and-gorgonzola-israeli-couscous-salad/
Title:
Fig and Gorgonzola Israeli Couscous Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6458295.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups water
1 cup pearl (Israeli) couscous
2 tablespoons olive oil
1/2 cup chopped onion
3 cloves garlic, minced
7 ounces dried figs, stems removed and finely chopped
1/3 cup aged balsamic vinegar
1 tablespoon honey
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
4 ounces crumbled Gorgonzola cheese
3/4 cup chopped toasted walnuts
4 cups fresh baby spinach, rinsed and dried

Directions:
Pour water into a pot and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Stir in couscous, cover, reduce heat to low, and simmer until couscous is cooked and water is fully absorbed, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer couscous to a large bowl and set aside.
Meanwhile, heat olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and cook until slightly caramelized, 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add dried figs and cook until slightly softened, about 5 minutes. Mix in balsamic vinegar, honey, salt, and black pepper, and cook until mixture thickens slightly, 4 to 5 minutes. Pour fig mixture over cooked couscous and stir to combine. Adjust salt and pepper to taste. Add 2 tablespoons of crumbled Gorgonzola and the toasted walnuts to the couscous; toss to combine.
Divide spinach between four serving dishes. Top each with equal amounts of fig and couscous mixture. Top each salad with additional Gorgonzola crumbles, if desired. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Kim
Description: 
The classic flavor combo of figs and Gorgonzola cheese comes together in a delicious couscous salad. Make sure to use a good quality balsamic vinegar, as it makes all the difference here!
Categories:
Salad
Green Salads
Spinach Salad

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
622 calories
30.4
g fat
75.7
g carbohydrates
17
g protein
30
mg cholesterol
361
mg sodium.
