URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272222/low-carb-shepherds-pie/
Title:
Low-Carb Shepherd's Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 large head cauliflower, broken into large pieces
3 tablespoons unsalted butter (such as Kerrygold®
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 small yellow onion, diced
2 shallots, diced
3 stalks celery, diced
1 pound cubed beef stew meat
1 pound cubed lamb stew meat
1/2 teaspoon Himalayan pink salt
1/4 cup cognac
1/4 cup Sauvignon Blanc wine
1/2 cup veal stock
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
1/2 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, or to taste
1/2 cup heavy cream
1/4 cup full-fat sour cream
1/4 teaspoon ground white pepper
1/2 cup shredded Gruyere cheese
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a large casserole dish.
Place cauliflower in a microwave-safe glass dish with 1/4 cup water. Microwave on high until tender, 11 to 14 minutes. Drain.
Heat butter and olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Cook and stir onion, shallots, and celery in the melted butter until softened, about 5 minutes. Transfer vegetables to a separate dish using a slotted spoon.
Add beef and lamb to the pan. Season with salt and increase heat to high. Cook and stir meat until browned, 3 to 5 minutes. Carefully pour in cognac and ignite with a wand lighter. Let flames extinguish on their own; immediately add wine. Reduce heat to low and stir, scraping browned bits from the bottom of the pan, until sauce is reduced by half, about 3 minutes.
Add veal stock, Worcestershire sauce, and black pepper to the pan. Add vegetables back in. Cook and stir until flavors start to combine, about 5 minutes. Place mixture into the prepared casserole dish.
Use a ricer or cheesecloth to squeeze out most of the liquid from the cauliflower. Place cauliflower, heavy cream, sour cream, and white pepper in a blender. Blend until smooth. Spread mixture on top of the meat in the casserole dish. Sprinkle Gruyere cheese on top.
Bake in the preheated oven until top is golden brown, about 25 minutes. Garnish with parsley.

Submitter: 
Ron Staiger
Description: 
A low-carb alternative to this classic comfort food.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Lamb

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
395 calories
26
g fat
10.7
g carbohydrates
24.1
g protein
101
mg cholesterol
299
mg sodium.
