URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272327/hamentaschen/
Title:
Hamentaschen Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Cookie Dough:
4 cups all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
3 eggs
1 cup white sugar
1/2 cup vegetable oil
1 orange, zested and juiced
1 lemon, zested and juiced
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Glaze:
1 egg, beaten
1 tablespoon heavy cream
1 teaspoon water
3/4 cup apricot jam, or as needed
2 tablespoons white sugar, or as needed

Directions:
Sift together all-purpose flour, baking powder, and salt in a bowl. Set aside.
Beat eggs with an electric mixer in a second bowl until smooth. Set aside.
Mix sugar, vegetable oil, orange and lemon zests and juices, and vanilla extract in a third bowl. Add to beaten eggs; mix well. Add the flour mixture and beat until the dough starts to pull away from the sides of the bowl and forms a ball.
Place dough onto a floured work surface and knead until it no longer sticks to your fingers. Shape into a disk and wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease 2 cookie sheets.
Whisk egg, cream, and water together to make glaze.
Divide chilled dough into 4 sections. Roll out dough on floured work surface with a floured rolling pin until it is about 1/8-inch thick. Use a cookie cutter or jar lid to cut out circles about 4 inches in diameter.
Place 1 teaspoon of apricot jam in the center of a dough circle. Pinch 2 sides together to create 2 sides of a triangle. Use some of the egg glaze as 'glue' if needed. Fold the bottom of the circle up to form the third side of the 'hat,' leaving a little of the filling visible in the center. Repeat with remaining dough circles and filling.
Place cookies on the prepared cookie sheets. Brush tops with egg glaze mixture using a pastry brush. Sprinkle with sugar.
Bake in the preheated oven until light golden brown, about 18 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes before transferring to a cooling rack with a spatula.

Submitter: 
Keren Schumow Carter
Description: 
This hamentaschen recipe is perfect for celebrating Purim. You can use any filling of your choice: fruit jam, spreads, or preserves.
Categories:
Desserts
Cookies
Filled Cookies

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h 10 m
Ready in:
2 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
30
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
153 calories
4.6
g fat
26
g carbohydrates
2.6
g protein
23
mg cholesterol
83
mg sodium.
