URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272366/kalahari-slow-cooker-lamb-chops/
Title:
Kalahari Slow Cooker Lamb Chops Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
8 lamb saddle chops
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 tablespoons olive oil, or as needed
1 cup red wine
1/2 (8 ounce) bottle Italian-style salad dressing
1/2 cup water
2 tablespoons beef bouillon granules
2 tablespoons tomato paste
1 packet dry oxtail soup mix
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
1 tablespoon cornstarch
3 cardamom seeds
3 bay leaves
1 teaspoon steak and chop seasoning
1 teaspoon barbeque seasoning
1 teaspoon paprika
4 onions, sliced
2 sprigs fresh oregano, or to taste
2 fresh rosemary, or to taste

Directions:
Season lamb chops lightly with salt and pepper and drizzle with olive oil.
Combine red wine, salad dressing, water, beef bouillon granules, tomato paste, dry oxtail soup mix, Worcestershire sauce, cornstarch, cardamom seeds, bay leaves, steak and chop seasoning, barbeque seasoning, and paprika in a bowl; mix sauce until well combined.
Place a layer of onions in the slow cooker, and drizzle with some of the sauce. Add a layer of lamb chops and drizzle with more sauce. Repeat until all onions and lamb chops are used up, drizzling with sauce after each layer. Pour remaining sauce on top. Place rosemary and oregano sprigs on top. Cover.
Cook on High for 5 hours or on Low for 9 hours.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Remove lamb chops from the slow cooker and place in an oven-safe dish.
Bake lamb chops in the preheated oven until nicely browned, about 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, if you like a thicker gravy, transfer contents of slow cooker into a saucepan and cook over medium-high heat until gravy has the desired consistency, 3 to 5 minutes. Strain gravy through a sieve and serve with the lamb chops.

Submitter: 
SouthAfricaGirl
Description: 
Extremely flavorful slow cooker lamb chops recipe I got from my grandma. After cooking in the slow cooker for hours, the lamb chops are grilled in the oven to perfection. Serve with mashed potatoes.
Categories:
World Cuisine
African

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
5 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
371 calories
21.9
g fat
20.5
g carbohydrates
17.7
g protein
58
mg cholesterol
2016
mg sodium.
