URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272314/buffalo-chicken-quesadillas/
Title:
Buffalo Chicken Quesadillas Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F6445005.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound chicken tenders
½ tablespoon olive oil
1  shallot, diced
2 ounces cream cheese, softened to room temperature
¼ cup ranch dressing
⅛ cup Buffalo sauce
salt and ground black pepper to taste
½ (1 inch) cube shredded Colby-Monterey Jack cheese
½ cup shredded Gouda cheese
8 (6 inch) tortillas, or more as needed

Directions:
Place chicken tenders into a medium-sized pot, cover with water, and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Reduce temperature to medium-low and simmer until chicken tenders are cooked through, 6 to 8 minutes. Drain chicken tenders. Transfer to a cutting board and cut or shred as desired.
Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat and cook shallot until soft and translucent, about 5 minutes.
Combine cream cheese, ranch dressing, Buffalo sauce, and cooked shallots in a bowl; mix until creamy. Add cooked chicken and season with salt and pepper.
Spread Buffalo chicken mixture onto a tortilla and top with Colby-Monterey Jack cheese and Gouda cheese. Cover with a second tortilla and set quesadilla aside. Repeat with remaining tortillas, chicken mixture, and cheese.
Heat a skillet over medium heat. Add 1 quesadilla and cook until browned on 1 side, about 3 minutes. Carefully flip and cook until tortilla is crisp and cheese is melted, about 3 more minutes. Repeat with remaining quesadillas.

Submitter: 
Diana71
Description: 
This is an easy way to serve up a quick dinner with a lot of flavor! No need to use oil or butter to toast each side of the quesadilla, but you can if you'd like. I prefer a dry heat. Tortillas made with a corn-flour mixture work best. Serve with either Buffalo sauce, ranch dressing, or sour cream!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
2 Ratings
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
35 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
477 calories
25
g fat
28.4
g carbohydrates
34.7
g protein
109
mg cholesterol
667
mg sodium.
