URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272309/lemon-bubble-bread-/
Title:
Lemon Bubble Bread  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6499406.jpg
Ingredients:
5 cups all-purpose flour, divided
1 cup white sugar, divided
2 packages active dry yeast
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup milk
1/2 cup water
6 tablespoons butter, divided
2 eggs
2 tablespoons lemon zest
1/4 teaspoon ground mace
cooking spray (such as Pam®)

Directions:
Combine 2 cups flour, 1/2 cup sugar, yeast, and salt in a large bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment.
Heat milk, water, and 4 tablespoons butter in a medium saucepan over low heat until warm to the touch. Pour into the flour mixture; beat on low speed until just combined. Increase speed to medium; add eggs and beat for 2 minutes, scraping sides of the bowl occasionally. Gradually stir in up to 2 more cups flour, mixing until a soft dough forms.
Turn dough onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic, about 10 minutes. Dough will be very sticky; use a scraper and add remaining flour only as needed. Shape dough into a ball and place in a large greased bowl; turn to coat. Cover with a towel and let rise in a warm, draft-free place until doubled in volume, about 1 hour.
Punch down dough starting from the center, then pushing in the edges. Transfer onto a lightly floured surface and cut dough in half. Cover with a bowl and let rest for 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, combine remaining 1/2 cup sugar, lemon zest, and mace in a small bowl. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a small pan. Grease a 10-inch fluted tube pan with cooking spray.
Cut each dough half into 16 pieces. Shape each piece into a ball by tucking ends under. Dip tops in melted butter and place half of balls in the tube pan; sprinkle with 1/2 of the lemon mixture. Repeat with remaining dough balls, butter, and lemon mixture. Cover with a towel; let rise in a warm place until doubled, about 45 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place tube pan on a cookie sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until bread is golden and sounds hollow when lightly tapped, about 35 minutes. Cool in the pan for 5 minutes; remove and let cool on a wire rack.

Submitter: 
Kate A
Description: 
A sweet, lemony, and fun pull-apart bread. Perfect to impress your brunch guests!
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Breakfast Bread

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
331 calories
7.6
g fat
58.1
g carbohydrates
7.6
g protein
48
mg cholesterol
257
mg sodium.
