URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272471/cherry-wood-smoked-chicken-breast-quesadillas-with-pico-de-gallo/
Title:
Cherry Wood-Smoked Chicken Breast Quesadillas with Pico de Gallo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6471409.jpg
Ingredients:
Pico de Gallo:
5 Roma tomatoes, diced
1/2 white onion, diced
3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro
1/2 jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced
1/2 teaspoon chili powder
1/2 teaspoon garlic salt, or to taste
Smoked Chicken:
1 cup cherry wood chips, soaked in water
3 skinless, boneless chicken breasts
Quesadillas:
6 (10 inch) flour tortillas
1 pound shredded pepper Jack cheese

Directions:
Combine tomatoes, onion, cilantro, jalapeno pepper, chili powder, and garlic salt in a bowl. Mix together and refrigerate until ready to use.
Preheat a charcoal grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate. Spread the soaked cherry wood chips evenly on top of the lit charcoal. Place chicken on grill, cover, and cook until chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 10 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Remove chicken from grill and allow chicken to cool until safe to handle. Cut each chicken breast into small cubes.
Preheat an electric griddle to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place one tortilla on the griddle to warm and quickly flip it. Spread enough pepper Jack cheese to lightly cover the entire tortilla and let it melt, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Spread 3 tablespoons of pico de gallo on one half of the tortilla and top with 1/6 of the diced chicken. Fold cheese side of the tortilla on top of the pico de gallo-chicken mixture, slice into 3 wedges, and serve. Repeat with remaining ingredients.

Submitter: 
bd.weld
Description: 
Whether you use this chicken as a main or in a quesadilla, you will love the flavor that the cherry wood imparts. This method is for a charcoal grill. If you use a gas grill or smoker, follow the manufacturer's instructions.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Meat and Poultry
Chicken

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
606 calories
31.4
g fat
44.6
g carbohydrates
35.1
g protein
113
mg cholesterol
1093
mg sodium.
