URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272440/vegetarian-indian-aloo-chana-masala/
Title:
Vegetarian Indian Aloo Chana Masala Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups dry garbanzo beans
6 cups water
3 cups vegetable broth
1 large sweet potato, peeled and cubed
3 small russet potatoes, peeled and cubed
1 (14.5 ounce) can stewed tomatoes
1 tablespoon maharaja curry powder
2 teaspoons ground cumin
2 teaspoons garam masala
2 teaspoons salt
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper
2 tablespoons ghee (clarified butter)
1 yellow onion, diced
1 red bell pepper, coarsely chopped
1 tablespoon minced garlic, or to taste
1 teaspoon minced ginger
1 (14 ounce) can full-fat coconut milk, well shaken

Directions:
Soak garbanzo beans in water for 8 hours to overnight. Drain and rinse beans and transfer to a pot. Add vegetable broth and bring to a boil, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat and simmer for 1 hour. Drain and set beans aside.
Place sweet potatoes and russet potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer for 10 minutes. Drain and set aside.
Meanwhile, add tomatoes to a blender and process until pureed.
Combine curry powder, cumin, garam masala, salt, and cayenne pepper in a small bowl, mixing well and adjusting spices as needed.
Melt ghee in a large nonstick pan over medium-high heat. Add onion and cook until very browned with minimal stirring, about 10 minutes. Add bell pepper, garlic, and ginger and cook while stirring for 2 minutes more. Add spice mixture and cook, string constantly, until very fragrant, 2 more minutes.
Add drained garbanzo beans, cooked sweet and russet potatoes, pureed tomatoes, and coconut milk to the onion mixture in the pan. Stir well and bring to a simmer, about 5 minutes. Cook until heated through, about 10 more minutes.

Submitter: 
Extropian
Description: 
I created this vegetarian Indian dish a couple weeks ago, and my 13-year-old son and husband are addicted to it. It has already become a regular staple in our home. It is perfectly spicy with an amazing aroma and a touch of sweetness from the sweet potatoes. Serve over Indian basmati rice and enjoy the exotic flavors. We use unsalted pumpkin seeds or unsalted cashews for a delicious crunchy garnish.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Indian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
10 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
321 calories
13.3
g fat
44.2
g carbohydrates
9.5
g protein
7
mg cholesterol
741
mg sodium.
