URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272448/gorditas-mexicanas-/
Title:
Gorditas Mexicanas  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 cups water
1 pound chicken thighs and drumsticks
2 tablespoons chicken bouillon granules
1/2 onion
1 clove garlic
2 cups instant corn masa flour (such as Maseca®)
1 1/4 cups water, or more as needed
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup oil for frying, or as needed
1 (15 ounce) can black beans (such as Goya®)
1/2 head lettuce, finely chopped
1 large tomato, diced
1 large avocado, sliced
8 ounces grated cotija cheese
1 cup sour cream, or as needed

Directions:
Bring 2 cups water to a boil in a saucepan. Add chicken, chicken bouillon, onion, and garlic. Cover and simmer until chicken is no longer pink the middle, about 40 minutes.
Meanwhile, preheat a pancake grill to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Mix corn flour, 1 1/4 cups water, and salt together in a bowl until a smooth, moist dough is formed. Add more water if the dough seems too dry. Divide dough into 8 to 10 medium-sized balls and pat each into a 1/4-inch thick round.
Cook dough rounds on the preheated grill until cooked on the outside, about 3 minutes per side. Pull the edges out while still hot, making a little indention in the center of each gordita.
Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat. Deep fry gorditas until golden brown on both sides, 2 to 5 minutes per gordita. Set aside on a wire cooling rack.
Pour beans into a small saucepan and warm over medium heat.
Drain chicken, reserving cooking liquid. Remove meat from the bones and transfer meat to a food processor. Add a few tablespoons of cooking liquid and chop to desired consistency.
Spread a layer of warm beans on each gordita, then top with chopped chicken, lettuce, tomato, avocado, and cotija cheese. Finish with a dollop of sour cream.

Submitter: 
gladis
Description: 
I grew up eating this delicious antojitos Mexicanos you can make out of beef or chicken following the same instructions. Hope you enjoy this!
Categories:
World Cuisine
Latin American
Mexican

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
591 calories
39
g fat
39
g carbohydrates
24
g protein
78
mg cholesterol
1156
mg sodium.
