URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272435/indian-root-vegetables-/
Title:
Indian Root Vegetables  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
10 whole dried red chile peppers, or to taste
1 tablespoon mustard seeds
1 (1 inch) piece ginger, grated
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 medium onion, chopped, or more to taste
1 1/2 teaspoons chili powder
1 teaspoon ground turmeric
1 teaspoon garam masala
1 large yam, cubed
1 large sweet potato, cubed
2 small red potatoes, cubed
3 tomatoes, roughly chopped, or more to taste
1 bunch spinach, chopped (optional)
salt to taste
3 sprigs cilantro, chopped

Directions:
Heat oil in a large lidded frying pan over medium-high heat. Add chiles and mustard seeds to the hot oil, and let crackle for about 15 seconds. Add ginger and garlic and cook until fragrant, about 15 seconds more; do not burn the garlic. Add onion and saute until lightly brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Add chili powder, turmeric, and garam masala; mix well.
Add yam, sweet potato, and red potatoes to the frying pan with the onion mixture. Stir to spread spices evenly. Cook over medium-high heat for about 3 minutes. Add tomatoes and stir to release juices. Reduce heat to low, cover the pan, and simmer until root vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes.
Add spinach to the frying pan; cook and stir until wilted, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and garnish with cilantro.

Submitter: 
jesse_todhunter
Description: 
Looking at several root vegetables milling around the kitchen, I came up with this recipe that spices up these veggies with typical Indian spices and a few other fun additions. Tomatoes help make a pseudo-gravy. Serve with basmati rice. Reduce number of red peppers to reduce heat-spice, if you can't hack it.
Categories:
Side Dish
Vegetables
Sweet Potatoes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
310 calories
6.5
g fat
59.6
g carbohydrates
7.5
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
143
mg sodium.
