URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272402/keto-raspberry-cheesecake/
Title:
Keto Raspberry Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6477070.jpg
Ingredients:
cooking spray
Crust:
2 cups blanched almond flour
1/3 cup unsalted butter, melted
3 tablespoons powdered erythritol sweetener
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Filling:
4 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese, softened
1 1/4 cups powdered erythritol sweetener
4 large eggs
1 tablespoon lemon juice
1/4 teaspoon lemon zest
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Raspberry Puree:
6 ounces fresh raspberries
2 tablespoons powdered erythritol sweetener

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9-inch springform pan with cooking spray and line the bottom with parchment paper.
Combine almond flour, butter, sweetener, and vanilla extract in the bowl of a food processor. Pulse until crust mixture has turned into pea-sized crumbs that stick together when squeezed. Transfer mixture to the prepared springform pan and press into a crust covering the entire bottom of the pan in an even layer.
Bake crust in the preheated oven until edges start to crisp, about 10 minutes. Remove from oven and allow to cool.
Reduce oven temperature to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Combine cream cheese and powdered sweetener in the bowl of a stand mixer. Beat on medium speed until smooth and completely combined. Scrape down sides of the bowl as needed.
Add eggs one at a time to the bowl while mixer is running and beat for 1 minute after each addition until the mixture is light and resembles a thick batter. Beat in lemon juice, lemon zest, and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract. Pour batter onto the prebaked crust in the springform pan and smooth out the top. Wrap the bottom of the pan with aluminum foil to prevent leaks.
Set aside a handful of raspberries for garnish. Clean food processor and combine remaining raspberries and sweetener in the clean bowl. Pulse until mixture is smooth. Strain raspberry mixture through a mesh strainer into a bowl to filter out seeds. Discard seeds. Using a spoon add dollops of raspberry puree onto the cheesecake batter in the pan. Lightly drag a knife or a toothpick through the puree to create a decorative pattern.
Bake cake on the center rack of the hot oven until sides of the cheesecake are firm and only 2 to 3 inches in the center remain slightly jiggly if you shake the pan, about 75 minutes.
Remove cheesecake from oven and run a knife around the inside edge of the pan. Leave cheesecake in the pan and cool on a wire rack until room temperature. Lightly wrap cheesecake, still in pan, and chill in the refrigerator until firm, 4 to 6 hours or overnight.
To remove from pan, gently run a sharp knife between cheesecake and ring of springform pan. Unlatch pan and lift ring off cheesecake, leaving pan bottom in place to serve. Top with reserved berries and any remaining puree.

Submitter: 
Holistic Yum
Description: 
An easy keto raspberry cheesecake recipe, topped with raspberry puree. Eight ingredients are all you need to make this low-carb dessert.
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Raspberry Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.57142877578735
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
6 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
460 calories
43.2
g fat
32.8
g carbohydrates
12.3
g protein
158
mg cholesterol
245
mg sodium.
