URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272547/creamy-garlic-and-mushroom-chicken-thighs/
Title:
Creamy Garlic and Mushroom Chicken Thighs Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F6505162.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
4  skin-on, bone-in chicken thighs
1 teaspoon dried thyme
1 teaspoon dried oregano
½ teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon ground black pepper
8 ounces cremini mushrooms, sliced
½  onion, chopped
6 cloves garlic, thinly sliced
½ cup dry white wine
1 ½ cups chicken broth
¼ cup heavy cream
1 pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, or to taste (optional)

Directions:
Heat vegetable oil over medium-heat in a large skillet. Season chicken thighs on both sides with thyme, oregano, salt, and pepper. Place thighs, skin-side down, into the hot skillet and cook until browned, about 8 minutes. Flip thighs over and brown other side, an additional 8 minutes. Remove thighs from skillet onto a large plate, and set aside. Reduce heat to medium-low.
Add mushrooms to skillet and cook until softened, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in onion and garlic; cook, stirring frequently, for an additional 2 to 3 minutes. Pour in white wine and scrape browned bits off the bottom of the skillet. Simmer until wine is reduced by half, about 2 minutes. Stir in chicken broth and allow mixture to come back to a simmer.
Return chicken thighs to the skillet, and cook, covered, until chicken is no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, about 15 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Stir in heavy cream and cook until just heated through, about 1 more minute. Adjust salt and pepper and sprinkle with fresh parsley just before serving.

Submitter: 
Kim
Description: 
A delicious, and relatively easy, way to make chicken thighs! It's great served over wild rice!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
13 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.23
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
50 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
353 calories
22
g fat
13.9
g carbohydrates
19.6
g protein
94
mg cholesterol
998
mg sodium.
