URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272536/instant-pot-cashew-chicken-/
Title:
Instant Pot® Cashew Chicken  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6498779.jpg
Ingredients:
14 ounces chicken breast, cut into 1-inch cubes
2 tablespoons cornstarch
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1 tablespoon mirin (Japanese sweet wine)
3/4 cup water
2 tablespoons soy sauce
2 tablespoons mirin (Japanese sweet wine)
2 tablespoons hoisin sauce
2 teaspoons sesame oil
1 teaspoon peanut oil
3/4 cup raw cashews
1 tablespoon white sesame seeds
1 tablespoon black sesame seeds
1 tablespoon peanut oil
2 cups green bell peppers, cut into 1-inch pieces
1 medium onion, cut into eighths
1 clove garlic, minced
1 (8 ounce) can baby corn, drained and cut into bite-size pieces
1 (8 ounce) can sliced water chestnuts, drained

Directions:
Place chicken in a mixing bowl and sprinkle with cornstarch; mix until each piece of chicken is well coated. Add 1 tablespoon soy sauce and 1 tablespoon mirin on top and stir well. Set aside.
Combine water, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons mirin, hoisin sauce, and 2 teaspoons sesame oil in a small bowl. Whisk together and set aside.
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) and select Saute function. Add 1 teaspoon peanut oil, cashews, white sesame seeds, and black sesame seeds. Cook and stir until fragrant and toasted evenly, about 3 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon peanut oil, bell peppers, onion, and garlic and saute until vegetables have softened and garlic is fragrant, about 5 minutes. Add chicken mixture and stir well to combine. Mix in soy sauce mixture, baby corn, and water chestnuts. Stir until everything is well combined.
Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 3 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Stir and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
A classic takeout favorite made at home in your Instant Pot®. This recipe uses chicken breast to keep it on the lean side, but the chicken is tenderized to maintain a velvety texture. Serve over white rice.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
379 calories
19.2
g fat
29
g carbohydrates
22.3
g protein
45
mg cholesterol
839
mg sodium.
