URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272637/shoyu-chicken-with-chow-mein/
Title:
Shoyu Chicken with Chow Mein Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1 cup low-sodium soy sauce
½ cup pineapple juice
2 tablespoons brown sugar
1 piece fresh ginger root, minced
2 cloves garlic, minced
2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into pieces
2 tablespoons soy sauce
2 tablespoons hoisin sauce
2 tablespoons water
2 tablespoons oyster sauce
1 tablespoon rice vinegar
1 teaspoon brown sugar
1 tablespoon sesame oil
1 small onion, halved and thinly sliced into half rings
1 pound refrigerated chow mein noodles
1 ½ cups shredded cabbage
1 cup sliced celery
1 cup sliced mushrooms
½ cup diced carrots
¼ cup frozen peas (optional)

Directions:
Combine 1 cup soy sauce, pineapple juice, brown sugar, ginger, and garlic in a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as an Instant Pot(R)). Place chicken on top. Turn on Saute function and cook for about 8 minutes, stirring occasionally. Cancel saute function. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 10 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid.
Meanwhile, combine 2 tablespoons soy sauce, hoisin sauce, water, oyster sauce, rice vinegar, and brown sugar in a bowl. Set sauce aside.
Heat sesame oil in a large skillet or wok over medium-high heat. Stir in onion and cook until soft and translucent, about 3 minutes. Stir in fresh chow mein noodles, cabbage, celery, mushrooms, carrots, and peas. Cook and stir until vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes. Mix sauce into the skillet and toss everything together until well combined and heated through, about 2 minutes. Serve with the shoyu chicken.

Submitter: 
thedailygourmet
Description: 
I like to serve chow mein with shoyu chicken. If you're using your Instant Pot(<sup>&reg;</sup>), the chicken almost cooks itself while you prepare the chow mein.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
55 mins
Number of servings: 
5 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
508 calories
18
g fat
49
g carbohydrates
37.4
g protein
69
mg cholesterol
1886
mg sodium.
