URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272683/grannys-okra-soup-/
Title:
Granny's Okra Soup  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6560520.jpg
Ingredients:
4 cups chopped tomatoes
2 cups lima beans
2 cups chopped okra
2 cups chopped red potatoes
1 cup corn
1 cup green beans
1/2 cup chopped carrots
1 (6 ounce) can tomato paste
4 cups chicken stock
1 pound ground beef
1/2 tablespoon garlic powder
1/2 tablespoon celery salt
1/2 tablespoon onion powder
1 small onion, chopped
2 cloves garlic, crushed, or more to taste
3 tablespoons butter

Directions:
Combine tomatoes, lima beans, okra, potatoes, corn, green beans, carrots, and tomato paste in a large soup pot. Pour chicken stock over mixture and bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce heat and simmer until vegetables begin to soften, about 15 minutes.
Season ground beef with garlic powder, celery salt, and onion powder. Set aside.
Heat butter in a skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion and garlic when butter stops bubbling; cook and stir for 1 minute. Spread ground beef evenly in the pan. Cook until it has a nice brown sear, stirring minimally to end up with mostly medium-sized chunks, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain skillet and add beef, onions, and garlic to the soup pot.
Bring soup mixture to a boil; reduce heat to simmer, cover, and cook until vegetables and beef have cooked down, 1 to 2 hours.

Submitter: 
Jenn
Description: 
A delicious beef and vegetable soup that is a variation on the okra and tomato-based soup my great-grandmother used to make on the farm in Alabama. It's great with fresh or canned veggies, works with just about any alterations - I use fresh, locally-grown ingredients and it's always amazing. All ingredient measurements are approximate.
 The important thing about Granny's okra soup is that the tomato is the main ingredient, but okra, lima beans and potatoes are important too. Adding or subtracting other vegetables to taste or based on availability is perfectly acceptable.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Vegetable Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
293 calories
14.2
g fat
27
g carbohydrates
16.5
g protein
49
mg cholesterol
1353
mg sodium.
