URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272664/slow-cooker-pork-green-chili/
Title:
Slow Cooker Pork Green Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7261841.jpg
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons oil, divided, or as needed
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon paprika
2 teaspoons cumin, divided
1 teaspoon onion powder
1 teaspoon chili powder
1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper (optional)
2 pounds pork shoulder roast, or more to taste
5 tablespoons cornstarch
4 cups beef stock
1 (16 ounce) jar green salsa (such as Herdez®)
2 cups roasted Hatch green chile peppers, diced
1 (10 ounce) can diced tomatoes and green chiles (such as RO*TEL®)
2 white potatoes, diced
4 medium tomatillos, husked and quartered
1 bunch cilantro, chopped, divided
1 jalapeno pepper (optional)
1 Anaheim chile pepper, cored
1 serrano chile pepper, cored, or more to taste
1 teaspoon liquid smoke flavoring
1/2 cup shredded Mexican cheese blend, or to taste
6 tablespoons sour cream, or to taste

Directions:
Rub the inside of a slow cooker with about 1 tablespoon oil and turn on Low heat.
Mix salt, black pepper, garlic powder, paprika, 1 teaspoon cumin, onion powder, chili powder, and cayenne pepper together in a bowl. Rub spice mixture all over pork. Top pork with cornstarch and pat in to coat completely.
Heat remaining oil in a heavy skillet over medium-high heat. Sear pork in the hot oil on all sides until almost black, about 5 minutes. Transfer seared pork to the slow cooker.
Reduce heat to medium and pour beef stock into the skillet. Whisk until boiling, scraping up browned bits, about 5 minutes. Boil gently for 3 to 4 minutes more. Strain stock into the slow cooker. Add salsa, Hatch chiles, diced tomatoes, and potatoes.
Combine tomatillos, 1/2 the cilantro, jalapeno pepper, Anaheim pepper, serrano pepper, remaining cumin, and liquid smoke in a blender. Blend on high power and add to slow cooker.
Cover and cook on Low for 8 hours.
Remove pork from slow cooker and shred using 2 forks. Return meat to slow cooker. Season with additional salt and pepper.
Serve chili in bowls with Mexican cheese, sour cream, and remaining cilantro.

Submitter: 
Christy Blaker
Description: 
This pork chili is made with hatch green chile peppers. It's great by itself or as a topper to burritos, enchiladas, or eggs!
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Chili
Pork Chili

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
8 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
323 calories
21.1
g fat
19.1
g carbohydrates
14.6
g protein
52
mg cholesterol
1374
mg sodium.
