URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272622/spaghetti-squash-chicken-spaghetti-bake/
Title:
Spaghetti Squash Chicken Spaghetti Bake Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1 medium spaghetti squash, halved and seeded
cooking spray
3  chicken breast halves
2 tablespoons butter
salt to taste
ground black pepper to taste
1 (10.75 ounce) can condensed cream of chicken soup
1 (10.75 ounce) can home style condensed chicken noodle soup
1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese
½ cup shredded Colby-Jack cheese

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bake squash in the preheated oven until easily pierced with a knife, about 1 hour and 15 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool until easily handled. Scrape insides of squash into spaghetti strands with a fork and place into a large bowl.
Set an oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Place chicken on a broiler pan sprayed with non-stick cooking spray (spray only where chicken will be placed). Brush chicken with 1 tablespoon melted butter and season with salt and pepper.
Broil on high for 4 minutes. Remove broil pan from oven, turn chicken over, brush with remaining 1 tablespoon butter and season with salt and pepper. Return to broiler for about 3 more minutes.  Remove from oven and allow to cool. Set the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Pour condensed cream of chicken soup and chicken noodle soup into the bowl with the spaghetti squash strands. Add mozzarella cheese and Colby-Jack cheese and mix everything to combine. Dice cooked chicken and fold in.
Spray a 9x13-inch baking dish with cooking spray and spoon in spaghetti squash mixture.
Bake in the preheated oven until lightly browned and cheese is melted, about 45 minutes.

Submitter: 
Marilyn Gann
Description: 
Use spaghetti squash instead of pasta to make a yummy version of chicken spaghetti that the whole family loves!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
2 hrs 30 mins
Number of servings: 
15 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
221 calories
12.3
g fat
11.5
g carbohydrates
17
g protein
52
mg cholesterol
671
mg sodium.
