URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272696/keto-berry-muffin-sugar-and-gluten-free/
Title:
Keto Berry Muffin (Sugar and Gluten-Free) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
cooking spray
1/4 cup almond flour
1 1/2 tablespoons powdered erythritol sweetener
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
2 (1 gram) packets stevia powder
1 large egg
1 tablespoon melted butter
1/4 cup fresh blueberries, divided
1/4 cup fresh raspberries, divided

Directions:
Preheat a toaster oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), according to manufacturer's instructions. Spray a single-serving cake pan with cooking spray. Line with parchment paper.
Mix almond flour, powdered erythritol, baking powder, cinnamon, and stevia powder together in a bowl with a fork, ensuring no lumps remain.
Pour egg and melted butter into the flour mixture and combine well. Stir in 1/2 of the blueberries and raspberries.
Pour batter into the prepared cake pan; add remaining blueberries and raspberries and gently press them into the top of the batter. Hit the pan gently onto the counter to remove air bubbles and ensure all berries are covered with the mixture.
Bake in the preheated toaster oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 20 minutes.

Submitter: 
Mizbermy
Description: 
I have adapted this recipe from a low-carb friends forum for a 1-minute muffin since I don't own a microwave. For those who love sweets and are trying to live gluten and sugar free, this is the perfect breakfast (or any time) treat. I like to eat it while still warm with a slice of cheddar cheese. You can use any berries that you like, but I've found that blueberries and raspberries taste best.
Categories:
Bread
Quick Bread
Muffins
Blueberry Muffins

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
403 calories
32.5
g fat
36.3
g carbohydrates
13.7
g protein
217
mg cholesterol
640
mg sodium.
