URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272766/bacon-wrapped-spring-chicken/
Title:
Bacon-Wrapped Spring Chicken Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons unsalted butter
½ cup sliced green onions
2 tablespoons diced jalapeno pepper
3 cloves garlic, minced
½ teaspoon salt, or more to taste
⅓ cup crumbled feta cheese
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
¼ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste
1 teaspoon fine dry bread crumbs
2 (8 ounce) skinless, boneless chicken breasts with tenders still attached
1 pinch salt and ground black pepper to taste
4 strips bacon, or more as needed
1 teaspoon olive oil
1  lemon, juiced

Directions:
Melt butter in a pan over medium-high heat. Add green onions, jalapeno, garlic, and salt. Cook and stir until vegetables just start to soften and sweeten, 3 to 5 minutes.
Transfer mixture into a mixing bowl and let cool until just barely warm, or room temperature. Sprinkle in feta cheese and parsley. Season with pepper and cayenne. Add bread crumbs and stir the stuffing until combined.
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Insert the tip of a knife midway along the wider edge of each breast, on the side opposite the tender. Rotate knife through the chicken to carve a pocket inside, keeping knife as still as possible so that opening stays about 2 inches wide. Push stuffing into the pockets.
Season outsides with salt and pepper. Wrap bacon around the chicken until it is about fully covered, tucking ends underneath. Heat olive oil in an oven-proof pan. Add the chicken breasts and any extra stuffing.
Roast in the preheated oven until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the centers reads at least 155 degrees F (68 degrees C), about 30 minutes. Squeeze lemon juice into the pan, scrape up the browned bits from the bottom, and spoon sauce over the chicken.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
Stuffing a boneless, skinless chicken breast with something delicious and then wrapping it in bacon is never a bad thing. It turns a super boring, please-wake-me-up-when-it's-over piece of poultry into an exciting entree that's sure to impress. The key to this technique is keeping the knife still while creating a nice big pocket in the chicken. It is, truly, a method for all seasons.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
4 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.75
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 5 mins
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
574 calories
32.8
g fat
12.1
g carbohydrates
59.5
g protein
202
mg cholesterol
1496
mg sodium.
