URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272795/mild-style-shrimp-boil-with-corn-and-red-potatoes/
Title:
Mild-Style Shrimp Boil with Corn and Red Potatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/779391.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups boiling water
4 cubes chicken bouillon
8 cups water, or more as needed
1 large onion, quartered
1 head garlic
3 bay leaves
3 whole cloves
4 tablespoons butter
1 tablespoon kosher salt
1 tablespoon coriander seeds
2 teaspoons dill seeds
2 teaspoons white mustard seeds
2 teaspoons celery seeds
1 teaspoon whole allspice berries
1 teaspoon whole green peppercorns
1 lemon, halved
9 small red potatoes, or more to taste
3 ears corn, shucked and cut into thirds, or more to taste
16 ounces raw shrimp, headless and shells on
4 cups ice cubes

Directions:
Combine boiling water and bouillon cubes in a large pot and stir until dissolved. Add 8 additional cups of water, onion, garlic, bay leaves, cloves, butter, salt, coriander seeds, dill seeds, mustard seeds, celery seeds, allspice, and peppercorns and bring to a boil, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium and simmer for 20 minutes.
Squeeze lemon juice into the pot and add lemon to the pot as well. Add potatoes and cook for 14 minutes. Add corn and cook 6 minutes more. Add shrimp and cook until opaque, about 3 minutes. Remove pot from heat.
Add ice cubes to the pot with the shrimp boil and let sit for 5 minutes.
For a traditional shrimp boil, place several layers of newspaper on the dining table. Use a slotted spoon to transfer shrimp, potatoes, and corn onto the center of the table for everyone to reach, grab, and enjoy. For a tidier take, place several layers of newspaper on a baking sheet. Place shrimp, potatoes, and corn on top of the sheet and place the sheet on the dining table for everyone to serve themselves. If you are a neat freak, place shrimp, potatoes, and corn in a serving dish to pass at the table.

Submitter: 
Rebecca
Description: 
For those who don't want their shrimp boil to be too hot, this recipe is more savory than spicy hot. If desired, serve with cocktail sauce, hot sauce, Old Bay® seasoning, or other condiments.
Categories:
Seafood
Shellfish
Shrimp

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
585 calories
15.4
g fat
86.5
g carbohydrates
30.9
g protein
201
mg cholesterol
2936
mg sodium.
