URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272778/american-style-souffle-pancakes/
Title:
American-Style Souffle Pancakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6555796.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup fresh blackberries (optional)
1/2 cup fresh raspberries (optional)
1 tablespoon maple syrup, or as needed (optional)
2 large eggs, at room temperature
2 tablespoons white sugar
1 teaspoon white sugar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 1/2 tablespoons milk
1 tablespoon melted butter
1/4 cup self-rising flour
1 tablespoon self-rising flour
1/8 teaspoon cream of tartar (optional)
2 teaspoons butter, or as needed

Directions:
Combine blackberries and raspberries in a bowl. Fold in maple syrup to give the berries a nice shine. Set aside.
Separate egg yolks and whites into 2 mixing bowls.
Add 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon sugar to the yolks; whisk until dissolved. Mix in vanilla extract, milk, and melted butter. Add 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon self-rising flour. Whisk just until flour disappears into the batter.
Add cream of tartar to the egg whites. Whip using a large, clean whisk until stiff peaks form.
Stir 1/3 of the whites gently into the batter using a silicone spatula, until mostly smooth but streaks of white remain. Gently fold in the rest of the whites, scraping the batter over the top and occasionally rotating the bowl as you go, until batter is light yellow and fluffy.
Lightly butter a nonstick pan over medium-low to medium heat. Scoop in desired amount of batter. Cover and cook until bubbles form on the surface and edges start to dry, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip pancakes and continue cooking until bottom is golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes more. Repeat with remaining batter.
Serve pancakes on warm plates and top with the berry mixture.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
These easy-to-make soufflé pancakes use the same basic technique as their extremely trendy Japanese cousins, but are much easier, don't require a mold, and actually taste like pancakes. The fully inflated version just isn't dense enough to satisfy me as a pancake, and mostly makes me want to bake actual soufflés. Top with maple syrup and powdered sugar if desired.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Pancakes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
117 calories
5.2
g fat
14.7
g carbohydrates
3.2
g protein
71
mg cholesterol
131
mg sodium.
