URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272793/baked-coconut-shrimp-with-pineapple-sauce/
Title:
Baked Coconut Shrimp with Pineapple Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/458188.jpg
Ingredients:
Coconut Shrimp:
1/2 cup cornstarch
3 egg whites
1 teaspoon coconut extract
1 cup panko bread crumbs
1 cup flaked unsweetened coconut
2 (1 gram) packets sucralose sweetener
16 large shrimp - peeled, deveined, and butterflied with tails on
salt and ground black pepper to taste
cooking spray
Pineapple Sauce:
1 (8 ounce) can crushed pineapple with juice
1/2 teaspoon chili garlic sauce
1 (1 gram) packet sucralose sweetener
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place cornstarch in a small bowl. Beat egg whites and coconut extract in a second bowl with a fork until almost forming peaks. Mix bread crumbs, coconut, and sucralose in a third bowl.
Dredge shrimp, one at a time, in cornstarch, then in the egg mixture, and finally in the bread crumb mixture. Place the breaded shrimp on a plate; season with salt and pepper. Spray both sides of shrimp with cooking spray and place on a nonstick baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven, about 10 minutes, flipping halfway through the cooking time.
Meanwhile, combine canned pineapple, chili garlic sauce, and sucralose in a food processor or blender. Blend until completely smooth; season with salt and pepper. Serve shrimp with dipping sauce immediately after baking.

Submitter: 
staceywatts
Description: 
I love the big succulent coconut shrimp found at a popular restaurant. Unfortunately, due to health reasons I can't indulge in that shrimp anymore. I created a recipe that satisfies my craving and tastes just as indulgent, but without the guilt! Can be served as an entree or as an appetizer.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Seafood
Shrimp

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
490 calories
24
g fat
55.6
g carbohydrates
21.4
g protein
116
mg cholesterol
516
mg sodium.
