URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272704/vietnamese-lemongrass-beef-and-noodles/
Title:
Vietnamese Lemongrass Beef and Noodles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6597839.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (8 ounce) package rice vermicelli noodles
1/3 cup minced lemongrass
2 tablespoons soy-based liquid seasoning (such as Maggi®)
1 tablespoon dry sherry
1 tablespoon brown sugar
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 pound flank steak, thinly sliced
Sweetened Fish Sauce:
2 tablespoons warm water, or more as needed
2 tablespoons white sugar
1/2 medium lemon, juiced
1/4 cup fish sauce
2 fresh red Thai chile peppers, minced
2 cloves garlic, finely minced
1 bunch Thai basil leaves, chopped, or to taste
1 bunch cilantro, chopped, or to taste
1 cup fresh bean sprouts, or to taste

Directions:
Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add vermicelli noodles and cook until softened, 12 minutes. Drain noodles and rinse with cold water, stirring to separate the noodles. Set aside.
Combine lemongrass, soy-based seasoning, sherry, brown sugar, and garlic in a bowl. Marinate flank steak in mixture, tossing evenly, and let sit for 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, make sweetened fish sauce. Pour warm water into a small bowl; add sugar and lemon juice. Stir until sugar is dissolved. Stir in fish sauce, Thai peppers, and garlic. Adjust to taste. Set aside.
Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook sliced flank steak until firm but slightly pink in the center, 5 to 6 minutes per side. Arrange cooked vermicelli noodles in bowls for serving. Place steak on top and garnish with Thai basil leaves, cilantro, and bean sprouts. Pour sweetened fish sauce over the top.

Submitter: 
MommyFromSeattle
Description: 
This is a classic Vietnamese dish that is so simple to make. Sauteed beef marinated in lemongrass and garlic and tossed with cold vermicelli noodles and fresh herbs. Great on warm days or it makes a quick, weeknight meal.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Vietnamese

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
411 calories
9.8
g fat
58.3
g carbohydrates
24.7
g protein
36
mg cholesterol
1215
mg sodium.
