URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272862/cookie-bouquet/?src=VD_Summary
Title:
Cookie Bouquet Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6559102.jpg
Ingredients:
Shortbread Cookies:
3 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
1/4 teaspoon salt
3/4 pound unsalted butter, softened
1 cup white sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Royal Icing:
4 cups confectioners' sugar, sifted
10 tablespoons water, or as needed
2 tablespoons meringue powder
gel food coloring, or as desired (optional)
lollipop sticks

Directions:
Whisk flour and salt together in a medium bowl and set aside.
Cream butter and sugar together in the bowl of stand mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add vanilla extract and mix to combine. Slowly add flour and mix on low speed until a dough comes together.
Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface and shape into 2 flat disks. Wrap each in plastic wrap and chill for 30 minutes.
Line 3 baking sheets with parchment paper. Roll out one of the chilled dough rounds to 1/4-inch thickness and cut out flowers using cookie cutters of your choice. Re-roll the dough up to 3 times and continue cutting out cookies. Transfer cookies to a baking sheet using a flat spatula. Place cookies about 1 inch apart, fitting about 12 on each sheet.
Roll out the second dough round and repeat cutting out flowers until you have about 3 dozen cookies in total. Freeze cookies for 20 minutes to help maintain their shape.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bake until the edges start to look pale golden, 10 to 15 minutes. Cool on pans for 5 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and cool to room temperature, at least 1 hour.
Combine confectioners' sugar, 5 tablespoons water, and meringue powder in the bowl of a stand mixer and mix on medium until a thick icing forms. Add more water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until desired texture is reached. Divide icing among several bowls and tint with desired gel food coloring.
Decorate cookies as desired using a pastry bags and tips. Reserve any leftover icing in an airtight container for attaching the sticks. Let icing dry, 4 hours to overnight.
Attach lollipop sticks to the back of the dry cookies with royal icing. Tie together with ribbon or arrange in a gift box.

Submitter: 
Smart Cookie
Description: 
Three dozen shortbread cookies are decorated with royal icing and attached to lollipop sticks to create this delectable arrangement. Follow this technique, then get creative with the details!
Categories:
Desserts
Cookies
Butter Cookies
Shortbread Cookies

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
1 h 30 m
Ready in:
7 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
36
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
191 calories
7.8
g fat
29.1
g carbohydrates
1.5
g protein
20
mg cholesterol
20
mg sodium.
