URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272875/grilled-eggplant-and-peppers-with-feta/
Title:
Grilled Eggplant and Peppers with Feta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1044767.jpg
Ingredients:
1 large eggplant, sliced into 1/4-inch thick rounds
1/2 red bell pepper, seeded and sliced lengthwise into 4 strips
1/2 green bell pepper, seeded and sliced lengthwise into 4 strips
1/2 yellow bell pepper, seeded and sliced lengthwise into 4 strips
1/2 orange bell pepper, seeded and sliced lengthwise into 4 strips
1/4 cup olive oil
1 tablespoon steak seasoning (such as Montreal Steak Seasoning®)
1/4 cup crumbled feta cheese
1/4 cup chopped fresh basil
1 tablespoon ground oregano

Directions:
Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil the grate.
Place eggplant and all bell peppers into a large bowl. Drizzle with olive oil and toss to coat. Sprinkle with steak seasoning; coat well.
Place eggplant and bell pepper slices directly on the preheated grill. Cook until eggplant is softened, marked, and slightly charred and peppers are softened and marked, 15 to 20 minutes, turning every 3 to 5 minutes. Reduce heat as necessary to prevent burning.
Remove from grill. Arrange in 4 piles, starting with a slice of eggplant and alternating eggplant and pepper slices, including one slice of each bell pepper color in each pile. Top with feta cheese. Sprinkle with basil and oregano. Serve warm.

Submitter: 
Marcia
Description: 
An easy way to make a tasty eggplant dish. Grilling the eggplant gives it a surprisingly different flavor, and it tastes great with peppers, feta cheese, and spices. I eat this as a stand-alone dish, but my husband likes to eat his on toasted potato rolls as a sandwich filling.  If you eat it without a bun it's gluten-free, as well as vegetarian. It's also great topped with a fried egg!
Categories:
Side Dish
Vegetables
Eggplant

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
225 calories
17.5
g fat
15.4
g carbohydrates
4.8
g protein
14
mg cholesterol
870
mg sodium.
