URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272834/easy-homemade-shrimp-fried-rice/
Title:
Easy Homemade Shrimp Fried Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons sesame oil
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 pound uncooked medium shrimp, peeled and deveined
1 cup frozen peas and carrots
1/2 cup frozen corn
2 cloves garlic, finely minced, or more to taste
3 large eggs, lightly beaten
4 cups cooked rice
3 tablespoons thinly sliced green onions
3 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce, or more to taste
1/2 teaspoon salt, or to taste
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, or to taste

Directions:
Heat sesame oil and olive oil in a large nonstick skillet or wok over medium-high heat. Add shrimp and cook until they are bright pink on the outside and the meat is opaque, about 3 minutes, flipping halfway through.
Remove shrimp from the skillet using a slotted spoon, allowing oils and cooking juices to remain in the skillet. Place shrimp on a plate and set aside.
Add peas and carrots and corn to the skillet and cook, stirring intermittently, until vegetables begin to soften, about 2 minutes. Add garlic; cook and stir for 1 minute. Push vegetables to the side of the skillet, pour eggs into the other side, and cook to scramble, stirring as necessary, 3 to 4 minutes.
Stir shrimp, rice, and green onions into the skillet. Drizzle evenly with soy sauce, season with salt and pepper, and stir to combine. Cook until shrimp is reheated through, about 2 minutes.

Submitter: 
MonkeyMama
Description: 
This is a quick and easy shrimp fried rice recipe that my kids all love! This recipe is best warm and fresh, but will keep airtight in the refrigerator for up to 5 days or in the freezer for up to 4 months. Reheat gently, as desired.
Categories:
Main Dish
Rice
Fried Rice

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
551 calories
19
g fat
63.9
g carbohydrates
30.4
g protein
312
mg cholesterol
971
mg sodium.
