URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272800/gnocchi-with-sausage-and-kale/
Title:
Gnocchi with Sausage and Kale Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
3 (3.5 ounce) links sweet Italian sausage (such as Johnsonville®)
2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil, or more as needed
1/2 white onion, diced
3 teaspoons refrigerated minced garlic
10 cups roughly chopped kale
1/2 cup chicken stock
coarse salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 pinch red pepper flakes, or to taste
1 pound refrigerated gnocchi
1 (8 ounce) jar prepared pesto, or more to taste
1/2 cup light cream
1/2 cup shredded Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Remove casings from sausage links; crumble sausage or cut into bite-sized pieces.
Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion; saute until it starts to soften, about 4 minutes. Stir in 2 teaspoons garlic; cook for 1 minute. Stir in sausage and cook until browned, about 5 minutes. Add a splash of olive oil and remaining garlic. Cook for 1 minute. Add kale and broth; season liberally with salt, pepper, and red pepper flakes. Toss until kale is coated with the mixture and wilted, 3 to 5 minutes.
Meanwhile, bring a large pot of liberally salted water to a boil. Cook gnocchi in the boiling water until they float to the top, 2 to 4 minutes. Drain.
Add gnocchi, pesto, cream, and Parmesan cheese to the wilted kale and sausage mixture; toss gently. Reduce heat to medium-low; stir until Parmesan has melted. Season with salt and pepper.

Submitter: 
ToriCat
Description: 
This recipe was born as a hybrid of two of my favorite recipes that I have tinkered with. If you're looking for a cheesy, easy way to enjoy gnocchi and sneak some green stuff into your meal, give this a try! Top with extra Parmesan cheese. Hope you enjoy.
Categories:
Main Dish
Dumplings

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
569 calories
40.5
g fat
31.4
g carbohydrates
22.2
g protein
63
mg cholesterol
1083
mg sodium.
