URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272941/vegan-rustic-strawberry-tart-french-galette/
Title:
Vegan Rustic Strawberry Tart (French Galette) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/675953.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup whole wheat pastry flour
1/3 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 teaspoon sea salt
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 cup partially solidified coconut oil
3 tablespoons Grade A maple syrup
1 tablespoon alcohol-free almond extract
5 tablespoons ice-cold water, or more as needed
Filling:
1 1/2 cups sliced strawberries, cut into 1/4-inch slices tip to stem
2 tablespoons coconut sugar
1 1/2 tablespoons bread crumbs
1 tablespoon Grade A maple syrup, or as desired

Directions:
Sift pastry flour, all-purpose flour, sea salt, and baking soda together in a large mixing bowl. Add coconut oil and begin incorporating into the flour using a pastry cutter or 2 knives. Continue to work oil into flour until mixture takes on a sand-like consistency, 5 to 10 minutes. Use a wooden spoon to mix maple syrup and almond extract into dough. Add water 1 tablespoon at a time; mix using the wooden spoon until dough is putty-like and can be formed into a disc using your hands. Wrap the dough disc in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 5 to 10 minutes.
Remove dough from the refrigerator and place the disc between 2 sheets of parchment paper. If dough feels stiff, let it rest until soft enough to roll, about 5 minutes. Use a rolling pin to roll dough into a circle slightly larger than 9-inches in diameter and roughly 1/8- to 1/4-inch thick. Use a pastry wheel to trim edges to a 9-inch circle. Remove and discard the top sheet of parchment paper. Slide pastry circle, still resting on the bottom parchment paper, onto a baking sheet.
Place strawberries into a mixing bowl and add about 1 tablespoon sugar; toss to coat. Mix remaining sugar and bread crumbs in a separate bowl and pour onto the center of the pastry circle and spread out evenly, leaving a 1 1/2-inch border. Gently arrange strawberries over the bread crumb mixture working from the center out.
Use a pastry wheel or knife to gently score about 6 lines around the perimeter of strawberries on the pastry, allowing you to easily fold over the edges of the tart to create a crust. Place tart in the refrigerator for 15 to 20 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Remove tart from the refrigerator. Bake in the preheated oven for 10 minutes. Remove tart from oven and use a pastry brush to glaze top with maple syrup. Continue baking until the top and edges of crust are firm and browned, about 10 minutes more.

Submitter: 
Pooja Mottl
Description: 
What could be better than ripe summer strawberries? This recipe uses mostly whole wheat flour and no eggs, butter, or dairy for a healthier twist on the conventional tart. It is the perfect vegan summer dessert to wow your family and guests! Using fruits that are local and in season lends a deeper flavor to dishes. Embrace fruits that are in season this summer and use peaches, blueberries, and nectarines too! Slice and enjoy with a fresh espresso, tea, or coffee!
Categories:
Desserts
Pies
Tarts
Fruit Tarts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
313 calories
18.8
g fat
34.2
g carbohydrates
3.2
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
142
mg sodium.
