URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272936/best-4th-of-july-patriotic-brownies/
Title:
Best 4th of July Patriotic Brownies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/5528586.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon vegetable oil, or as needed
2/3 cup unsalted butter
1 1/4 cups white sugar
1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
2 teaspoons water
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 large eggs
1/3 cup all-purpose flour
1 1/2 cups white chocolate chips, divided
3 drops red food coloring, or as desired
3 drops blue food coloring, or as desired
3 tablespoons red and blue candy-coated milk chocolate pieces (such as M&M's®), or as desired, divided (optional)

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a 9-inch baking pan with parchment paper. Grease parchment paper with vegetable oil.
Melt butter in a microwave in a microwave-safe bowl; stir until smooth. Pour in sugar, cocoa powder, water, and vanilla extract. Stir until well blended.
Pour eggs into batter and mix until batter becomes shiny. Stir in flour quickly until thoroughly combined. Pour batter into the prepared pan.
Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 25 to 35 minutes.
Remove from the oven and let cool for at least 30 minutes before transferring to the refrigerator to cool completely, about 30 minutes more.
Place 1/2 cup white chocolate chips into a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave until melted, 1 to 1 1/2 minutes. Stir until well blended and mixture is smooth and yogurt-like in consistency.
Stir red food coloring into white chocolate chips until it reaches your desired shade.
Remove brownies from the refrigerator. Spread red-colored chocolate over the top in a stripe. Sprinkle with 1 tablespoon red and blue candy-coated chocolate pieces before it hardens.
Melt another 1/2 cup white chocolate chips in a microwave. Stir until smooth.
Stir blue food coloring into white chocolate chips until it reaches your desired shade. Spread onto top of brownies for a second stripe. Sprinkle with 1 tablespoon andy-coated chocolate pieces.
Melt remaining 1/2 white chocolate chips in a microwave. Spread onto top of brownies for a third stripe. Sprinkle with remaining tablespoon of candy-coated chocolate pieces.
Transfer brownies to a refrigerator to allow chocolate to harden for at least 30 minutes.

Submitter: 
DonutWorry
Description: 
These are really delicious brownies. I adapted the brownie recipe from another recipe and added my own holiday pizzazz for our 4th of July celebration! Serve heated up or at room temperature. Enjoy!
Categories:
Desserts
Cookies
Brownies
Chocolate Brownies

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
428 calories
25.7
g fat
49.3
g carbohydrates
5.5
g protein
76
mg cholesterol
47
mg sodium.
