URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/272943/vegan-cashew-alfredo-sauce/
Title:
Vegan Cashew Alfredo Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6610025.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup raw, unsalted cashews
1 1/2 cups water
1 cup unsweetened almond milk
1/4 cup water, or as needed
2 tablespoons minced fresh garlic
2 tablespoons nutritional yeast
1 tablespoon lemon juice, or more to taste
1 teaspoon salt, or more to taste
1 teaspoon ground black pepper

Directions:
Soak cashews in 1 1/2 cups water until softened in a bowl, at least 20 minutes.
Drain water; add almond milk. Blend mixture in an electric blender or food processor until smooth, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Add water until sauce is slightly thinner than you want it for the final product, as it thickens when heated. Add garlic, nutritional yeast, lemon juice, salt, and pepper; blend until smooth.
Pour mixture into a saucepan. Heat on medium-low heat, stirring occasionally until heated through and desired thickness is achieved, about 5 minutes. You can add additional water or almond milk if sauce becomes too thick.

Submitter: 
Jkauf19
Description: 
As someone who is lactose intolerant and loves Italian cream-based sauces, I have searched high and low for a decent, easy to make recipe for vegan/non-dairy alfredo sauce. I have experimented with as many of the ones I could find on the internet and have finally come close. 

I have used this on pasta tossed with sauteed veggies, and as a white sauce (bechamel sauce) in lasagna. 

It doesn't reheat well in the microwave, but will re-heat on the stove on low for 5 minutes. 

There are many variations out there but I am pretty happy with this one. You can add spices to change the flavor.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Sauces
Pasta Sauces
Creamy
Alfredo Sauce

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
284 calories
21.4
g fat
17.8
g carbohydrates
9.9
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
1074
mg sodium.
