URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273032/down-under-chocolate-fudge-tart/
Title:
Down-Under Chocolate Fudge Tart Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Pastry:
2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
7/8 cup butter
3/4 cup confectioners' sugar
1 egg yolk
1 tablespoon cold water, or more as needed
Chocolate Mixture:
1 2/3 cups baking chocolate
1/4 cup white sugar
2 eggs
1 tablespoon vanilla extract
1/2 cup heavy cream, whipped

Directions:
Combine flour, butter, and confectioners' sugar in a food processor; process until the mixture resembles bread crumbs. Add egg yolk and cold water and process until a dough forms. Add more cold water if necessary. Remove dough from food processor and mold into 2 flat shapes; you can use the extra one another time. Wrap each in plastic and refrigerate for 20 minutes.
Butter a 9-inch flan pan. Roll 1 portion of dough out to a 9-inch circle about 1/8-inch thick. Line the prepared pan with the pastry. Cover pastry in the pan with a layer of aluminum foil and fill the foil with raw rice.
Pre-bake pastry in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Remove rice and foil and continue baking until pastry is a light golden color, 3 to 8 minutes more. Remove from oven, leaving oven on.
Place chocolate in a microwave-safe bowl and heat in the microwave oven until melted, 3 to 5 minutes, mixing after each minute.
Combine sugar, eggs, and vanilla extract in a separate bowl and add to the melted chocolate. Stir well and pour mixture into the baked pastry crust.
Bake tart in the hot oven for 20 minutes; filling will still be runny and will set upon cooling.
Allow tart to cool slightly and serve with whipped cream.

Submitter: 
Marie De Pasquale-Wilson
Description: 
This to-die-for Aussie chocolate tart is light and fluffy 
with awesome chocolate taste. 
Family and friends always request it when invited for dinner!
Categories:
Desserts
Pies
Tarts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
583 calories
39.5
g fat
56.6
g carbohydrates
9.8
g protein
136
mg cholesterol
172
mg sodium.
