URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273042/apple-rose-tart/
Title:
Apple Rose Tart Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4953615.jpg
Ingredients:
Crust:
1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
1/4 cup white sugar
1/8 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup butter, at room temperature
1 egg
Topping:
5 apples, quartered and thinly sliced
1 cup white sugar
1/4 cup butter
1 teaspoon water (optional)
1 teaspoon allspice
1/8 teaspoon ground cinnamon, or to taste
1/8 teaspoon ground cloves
Filling:
2 apples, diced
1/4 cup walnuts
1 cup heavy cream
1 egg, at room temperature

Directions:
Whisk flour, sugar, and salt together in a bowl. Add butter and egg; mix with a fork until crumbly. Work dough with your hands until fully blended. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate, about 1 hour.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Roll dough out to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place crust in the pie plate and prick with a fork.
Bake in the preheated oven for 10 minutes. Remove and let cool.
Meanwhile, place sliced apples, sugar, butter, water, allspice, cinnamon, and cloves in a large pot; cook over medium heat until apples start to release their juices and are just malleable enough to curve while still holding their shape, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove apple slices to a plate, reserving cooking juices in the pot.
Add diced apples to the cooking juices and bring to a boil. Cook until apples are mushy, 5 to 10 minutes.
Transfer mushy apples to a medium saucepan. Place walnuts in the bowl of a food processor; process until finely ground. Add nuts to the apples; stir until a paste forms. Add cream; bring to a boil. Remove from heat.
Whisk egg thoroughly in a small glass bowl. Add 1 tablespoon of the hot cream mixture, whisking vigorously to make sure the egg doesn't curdle. Repeat twice more. Pour egg mixture into the saucepan; mix to incorporate. Allow custard to cool, stirring often.
Spread cooled custard evenly over the crust. Arrange apple slices on top, working from the outer edge to the center in concentric circles, overlapping the slices to look like a rose.
Bake in the preheated oven until browned, about 50 minutes.

Submitter: 
Brittany Jenkins
Description: 
An apple and walnut custard tart. Use apples with color, like Jazz™ or Pink Lady®. Evenly slicing the apples helps with the overall look and presentation. Tempering the egg is absolutely crucial for this recipe.
Categories:
Desserts
Pies
Tarts
Fruit Tarts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
3 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
566 calories
32.3
g fat
67.5
g carbohydrates
5.6
g protein
130
mg cholesterol
189
mg sodium.
