URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273086/roasted-asparagus-with-parmesan-cream-sauce/
Title:
Roasted Asparagus with Parmesan Cream Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6557039.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound fresh asparagus, trimmed
salt and pepper to taste
1 tablespoon olive oil
Sauce:
2 tablespoons butter
1 clove garlic, minced
2 tablespoons flour
1 cup low-fat milk
3/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese
salt and freshly cracked black pepper to taste
lemon zest (optional)

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Place asparagus on the baking sheet and season with salt and black pepper. Drizzle with olive oil and lightly toss to coat evenly.
Roast in the preheated oven until asparagus is tender-crisp, about 10 minutes for thin asparagus, or 14 minutes for large asparagus.
Meanwhile, melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add garlic and stir for 1 to 2 minutes until softened, taking care not to burn garlic. Sprinkle flour onto butter and cook, whisking constantly until mixture is golden and thick, 1 to 2 minutes. Slowly whisk in milk and bring to a light boil until sauce starts to thicken, 2 to 3 minutes.
Sprinkle in Parmesan cheese and continue whisking until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from heat - sauce will further thicken.
Place asparagus on a serving platter and drizzle with cheese sauce.  Garnish with lemon zest and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
France C
Description: 
This easy side dish has loads of Parmesan flavor, yet it tastes light enough to not overpower the asparagus. The sauce comes together in minutes while the asparagus roasts in the oven. Quick enough for a busy weeknight meal. Use freshly shredded Parmesan cheese, as the bagged variety doesn't melt well.
Categories:
Side Dish
Vegetables
Asparagus
Baked

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
20 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
140 calories
9.5
g fat
7.5
g carbohydrates
7.3
g protein
21
mg cholesterol
255
mg sodium.
