URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273059/orange-tart-with-chocolate-sauce/
Title:
Orange Tart with Chocolate Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Crust:
1/2 cup butter, room temperature
1/4 cup confectioners' sugar
1/2 teaspoon orange extract
1 cup sifted all-purpose flour
Filling:
1 (12 ounce) package cream cheese, softened
1 1/4 cups sifted confectioners' sugar
1/8 cup ricotta cheese
1/8 cup mascarpone cheese
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
4 eggs
2 egg yolks
1/4 cup heavy cream
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Topping:
3 mandarin oranges, peeled and segmented
1 navel orange, peeled and segmented
1 blood orange, peeled and segmented
1/2 cup white sugar
Chocolate Sauce:
1 cup dark chocolate chips
3 tablespoons unsalted butter

Directions:
Beat butter and confectioners' sugar in a bowl using an electric mixer until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Pour in orange extract; mix thoroughly to combine, about 1 minute. Mix in sifted flour a little at a time until thoroughly combined. Cover crust mixture with plastic wrap; chill for 1 hour.
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Place chilled dough on a lightly floured work surface. Roll with a lightly floured rolling pin to 1/3-inch thickness.
Line a 10-inch (1-inch high) tart pan with the dough; prick with a fork.
Mix cream cheese, sifted confectioners' sugar, ricotta cheese, mascarpone cheese, and flour in a bowl using an electric mixer on medium speed, scraping the bottom of the bowl with a rubber spatula after each addition. Add eggs, egg yolks, and heavy cream at the same time and mix thoroughly. Stir in vanilla extract. Pour filling mixture into prepared crust.
Bake in the preheated oven for 1 hour.
While the tart is baking, combine mandarin oranges, navel orange, blood orange, and sugar in a bowl.
Remove tart from oven. Fan orange segments in a pattern of three in a circle around the tart, working your way to the middle. Return tart to oven.
Bake until fully set and oranges become golden, but do not burn, about 30 minutes more. Let cool completely.
While tart cools, melt dark chocolate chips in a double boiler. Stir in butter until melted; remove from heat. Drizzle chocolate sauce over each tart slice before serving.

Submitter: 
zack1995
Description: 
What is better than oranges and chocolate? This tart recipe combines them both with a wonderful filling and a shortbread crust.
Categories:
Desserts
Pies
Tarts
Fruit Tarts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
50 m
Ready in:
3 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
547 calories
34.1
g fat
55.5
g carbohydrates
8.4
g protein
185
mg cholesterol
193
mg sodium.
