URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273031/double-chocolate-tart-/
Title:
Double Chocolate Tart  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 1/3 cups all-purpose flour
1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
1/4 cup white sugar
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup unsalted butter
1 large egg yolk
2 tablespoons ice water
1/2 cup white chocolate
1 cup mascarpone cheese
1 cup cream cheese, softened
1/2 orange, zested and juiced
1/3 cup heavy whipping cream, or more as needed
3 cups chopped strawberries

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a pie tin with butter.
Blitz flour, cocoa powder, sugar, and salt together in a food processor. Cut butter into small pieces and add to the food processor with the flour mixture. Pulse until dough turns crumbly. Add egg yolk and 1 tablespoon ice water and mix until dough clumps up. Add remaining 1 tablespoon water if dough is too dry.
Pour dough onto a work surface and push together to form a ball. Pat the dough into the bottom and up the sides of the prepared tart tin to create an even surface. Place crust in the freezer for 1 hour.
Meanwhile, place white chocolate in a large microwave-safe bowl and heat in a microwave oven until melted, about 2 minutes. Stir until smooth and allow to cool to room temperature, about 15 minutes.
Add mascarpone cheese, cream cheese, orange zest, and orange juice to the bowl with the melted and cooled white chocolate. Mix until smooth. Gradually drizzle heavy cream into the mixture until the desired thickness is reached; mixture shouldn't be too runny. Refrigerate filling until needed.
Remove crust from freezer and bake in the preheated oven until you can smell the yummy chocolate smell, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool shell completely before filling, about 30 minutes.
Pour filling into the cooled pie shell, smooth, and top with chopped strawberries. Refrigerate tart for 1 to 2 hours before serving.

Submitter: 
Ange Rayner
Description: 
A delicious dark and white chocolate tart, served brilliantly with strawberries. A decadent treat that I have made so many times, which is great for an indulgent night with the ladies and lots of wine! You can use any type of berries for the topping.
Categories:
Desserts
Pies
Tarts
Fruit Tarts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
550 calories
43.1
g fat
36.2
g carbohydrates
8.6
g protein
139
mg cholesterol
191
mg sodium.
