URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273087/sun-dried-tomato-chicken-alfredo/
Title:
Sun-Dried Tomato Chicken Alfredo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/6578548.jpg
Ingredients:
½ pound penne pasta
6 ounces bacon, chopped
½ pound boneless chicken thighs, cut into 1-inch pieces
½ teaspoon garlic salt
1 teaspoon cantanzaro herbs (from Savory Spice Shop(<sup>&reg;</sup>))
¼ cup butter
5 tablespoons all-purpose flour
2 cups milk
½ cup grated fontina cheese
¼ cup grated Parmesan cheese
¼ cup provolone cheese
1 ¾ ounces chopped sun-dried tomatoes

Directions:
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add penne and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 11 minutes.
Meanwhile, place bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned and desired crispness is reached, 6 to 10 minutes. Drain bacon on paper towels.
Add chopped chicken thighs, garlic salt, and cantanzaro herbs to skillet and cook until chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 6 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Remove chicken to a plate.
Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat until a pinch of flour sprinkled into the oil just begins to bubble. Whisk in flour to form a thick paste the consistency of cake frosting. Slowly add in milk, stirring constantly. Allow mixture to thicken, while stirring. Mix in fontina cheese, Parmesan, provolone, and sun-dried tomatoes. Stir to combine. Add drained pasta to sauce and mix well. Stir in cooked chicken and bacon.

Submitter: 
thedailygourmet
Description: 
This is a decadent version of chicken Alfredo. It has three different types of cheese, bacon, and sun-dried tomatoes. It does use a few pots and pans, but the end result is worth it.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
2 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
5 mins
Ready in:
25 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
707 calories
35.3
g fat
62.4
g carbohydrates
36.7
g protein
117
mg cholesterol
1230
mg sodium.
