URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273282/roasted-beet-salad-with-goat-cheese/
Title:
Roasted Beet Salad with Goat Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
5 medium beets
1 drizzle olive oil
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 eggs, beaten
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 cup dry bread crumbs
1 (4 ounce) log goat cheese, cut into small medallions
1 cup canola oil
1 (8 ounce) package mixed salad greens
2 tablespoons roasted sunflower seeds, or to taste (optional)
2 tablespoons balsamic vinaigrette dressing, or to taste

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C).
Drizzle beets with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Wrap beets in aluminum foil and place in a large baking dish.
Roast in the preheated oven until beets are easily pierced with a knife, 45 minutes to 2 hours, depending on size.
Remove beets from the oven and let cool slightly. Unwrap, reserving any juice that is in the aluminum foil. Peel beets under warm water, cut into cubes, and place in a bowl.
Place egg, flour, and bread crumbs into 3 separate dishes. Season all 3 with salt and pepper.
Toss each goat cheese medallion in egg to coat, move to flour and coat then toss in bread crumbs, coating both sides evenly. Transfer medallions to a plate and place in the refrigerator to firm up, about 5 minutes.
Heat canola oil over medium heat in a frying pan until it sizzles. Place goat cheese medallions in hot oil and fry until golden, about 1 minute per side. Remove from oil and transfer to a plate lined with paper towels.
Place a bed of mixed greens on a serving platter and top with beets and goat cheese medallions. Sprinkle with sunflower seeds. Drizzle with balsamic dressing and reserved beet juice.

Submitter: 
hannahclevenger
Description: 
This delicious roasted beet salad is just the right combination of flavors and textures, and more than once someone has told me that it is the best salad they have ever had!
Categories:
Salad
Green Salads
Mixed Greens Salad

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
853 calories
73.6
g fat
35.6
g carbohydrates
15.8
g protein
104
mg cholesterol
497
mg sodium.
