URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273249/tortellini-soup-with-meatballs/
Title:
Tortellini Soup with Meatballs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Soup:
extra-virgin olive oil
1 clove garlic, smashed
2 large carrots, chopped
2 ribs celery, sliced
1 bay leaf
4 sprigs fresh thyme
3 quarts low-sodium chicken broth
5 parsley stems
1 tablespoon grated Parmesan cheese, or to taste
kosher salt to taste
ground black pepper to taste
Meatballs:
olive oil
1 medium onion, diced
6 links chicken-apple sausage. meat removed from casings
1 egg
1/4 cup fresh parsley leaves, or to taste
1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves
kosher salt to taste
1 pinch freshly ground black pepper to taste
2 pounds frozen tortellini
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, or as desired
2 tablespoons olive oil, or as desired
1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese, or to taste

Directions:
Set a large stockpot over medium heat. Add extra-virgin olive oil, garlic, carrots, celery, bay leaf, and thyme. Gently cook and stir until fragrant, 5 to 7 minutes. Pour in chicken broth and add parsley stems. Add Parmesan cheese, kosher salt, and pepper. Bring soup to a boil, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat and allow to simmer while you make the meatballs.
Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a saute pan over medium heat. Add onion and cook until softened and browned, about 10 minutes.
Transfer cooked onion to the bowl of a food processor. Add sausage, egg, parsley, Parmesan cheese, and thyme. Season meatball mixture with salt and pepper.
Add remaining olive oil to the skillet and warm over medium heat until just smoking. Use a small scoop to drop meatball mixture onto the skillet. Cook meatballs, turning frequently, until golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes.
Drop frozen tortellini into simmering soup and cook until they float, 3 to 5 minutes. Add browned meatballs to soup and return to a simmer. Season with salt and pepper. Serve soup in shallow bowls with a shower of Parmesan cheese, olive oil, and parsley.

Submitter: 
Diane Horn Talts
Description: 
A tasty alternative to regular chicken noodle soup. You can add other veggies to this also, for example some chopped spinach. The chicken-apple sausage give it a unique flavor. Yummy and makes a great, filling dinner. This can be frozen.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Noodle Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
532 calories
26.6
g fat
49.4
g carbohydrates
26.5
g protein
128
mg cholesterol
848
mg sodium.
