URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273266/baked-tortellini-with-italian-sausage/
Title:
Baked Tortellini with Italian Sausage Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
30 ounces frozen cheese tortellini
1 1/2 pounds Italian sausage, casings removed
1 medium onion, sliced into 1/2-inch strips
2 medium red bell peppers, sliced into 1/2-inch strips
1 small zucchini, cut into 1-inch pieces
1 small yellow squash, cut into 1-inch pieces
2 (14.5 ounce) cans Italian-style diced tomatoes
1 (8 ounce) package Neufchatel cheese
2 tablespoons Italian seasoning
salt and black pepper to taste
1 1/2 cups prepared marinara sauce
1/2 cup shredded Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil; stir in tortellini and return to a boil. Cook uncovered, stirring occasionally, until tortellini float to the top and filling is hot, about 10 minutes. Drain and set aside.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir Italian sausage in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes, breaking into bite-sized pieces as it cooks. Drain and discard grease, but do not rinse or clean the skillet. Place cooked sausage into a 9x13-inch baking dish.
Heat the same skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir onion until slightly browned and tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Add bell peppers, zucchini, and squash; reduce heat to low, cover, and cook until vegetables are crisp-tender, 3 to 5 minutes. Pour in diced tomatoes, Neufchatel cheese, Italian seasoning, salt, and pepper. Heat until combined and smooth, about 5 minutes.
Pour cooked tortellini into the baking dish with sausage. Add vegetable mixture and stir gently to combine. Drizzle with marinara sauce; top with shredded Parmesan cheese.
Bake in the preheated oven until cheese is golden, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Cassie
Description: 
While this baked tortellini dish requires a bit of chopping and some stove preparation, it can be refrigerated and baked longer for a ready-to-go meal. The fresh ingredients make the dish taste a thousand times more complicated and gourmet than it really is, which is another reason this large dish is great to feed a crowd. Serve with crusty bread to mop up the delicious, creamy sauce, and prepare for compliments. Even the leftovers are to die for!
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Pork
Sausage

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
353 calories
17.3
g fat
33.2
g carbohydrates
16.4
g protein
52
mg cholesterol
834
mg sodium.
