URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273206/omni-rice-korean-fried-rice-/
Title:
Omni Rice (Korean Fried Rice)  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6628941.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cups uncooked medium-grain white rice (such as Calrose variety)
6 cups water
2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided
2 cups 92%-lean ground beef
salt to taste
1 large potato, finely diced
1 large carrot, finely diced
1/2 large onion, minced
1 large zucchini, finely diced
2 pinches ground black pepper
1 tablespoon roasted sesame seeds
4 eggs
1/4 cup ketchup, or as desired

Directions:
Rise rice thoroughly in a mesh colander. Bring water and rice to a boil in a saucepan. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until rice is tender and water has been absorbed, 20 to 25 minutes. Set rice aside.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil over medium-high heat in a large wok. Add ground beef and a few pinches of salt. Cook thoroughly, until meat is crumbly and no longer pink, 5 to 10 minutes. Transfer cooked beef to a bowl, leaving juices in the wok.
Add potato, carrot, and onion to the wok. Cook and stir over medium-high heat until potato seems halfway cooked, about 7 minutes. Add zucchini and a few dashes of salt and continue cooking until potato is tender, about 5 minutes more. Return cooked ground beef to the wok and mix with vegetables. Sprinkle black pepper into the mixture and stir to combine.
Add remaining 1 tablespoon oil and cooked rice to the wok with the beef mixture. Mix together, trying not to make the rice cakey, and cook for about 5 minutes. Add sesame seeds and mix again; cook about 5 minutes more. Season with additional salt, if desired.
Whisk eggs in a bowl. Heat a medium-sized frying pan over medium-low heat. Cook eggs in 4 batches to make thin fried eggs the size of the frying pan, flipping each one time, about 2 minutes per egg.
Serve by placing fried rice onto a plate in a circular shape and place 1 fried egg directly on top, covering rice completely. Apply ketchup over egg in a zigzag or other desired pattern and serve. Eat ketchup, egg, and rice together in 1 spoonful.

Submitter: 
funinthesun
Description: 
This is a Korean-style fried rice, good by itself or with salad or kimchi.
Categories:
Main Dish
Rice
Fried Rice

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
916 calories
22.5
g fat
143.3
g carbohydrates
32.6
g protein
227
mg cholesterol
351
mg sodium.
