URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273257/keto-chicken-cordon-bleu-meatballs/
Title:
Keto Chicken Cordon Bleu Meatballs Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F6598266.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound ground chicken
⅓ cup blanched almond flour
½ teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon garlic powder
½ teaspoon onion powder
1  egg, lightly beaten
6 ounces ham steak, cubed into 20 even pieces
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 tablespoon butter
¾ cup chicken broth
1 teaspoon Dijon mustard
½ cup heavy cream
1 cup shredded Swiss cheese
1 pinch cracked black pepper to taste
2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley (optional)

Directions:
Combine chicken, almond flour, salt, garlic powder, onion powder, and egg in a bowl. Form a small portion of chicken mixture into a 1 1/2-inch ball around a cube of ham and place onto a plate. Repeat with remaining chicken mixture and ham, making 20 meatballs total.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Brown meatballs for 3 minutes, turn, and cook an additional 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer meatballs onto a clean plate.
Return skillet to medium heat and melt butter. Whisk in chicken broth and Dijon mustard and bring to a simmer for 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in heavy cream and whisk until sauce begins to simmer. Whisk in Swiss cheese until completely melted. Return meatballs to skillet and simmer until sauce has slightly thickened, 3 to 4 minutes. Season with cracked black pepper and parsley. Serve immediately. Sauce will further thicken upon cooling.

Submitter: 
France C
Description: 
These ham-stuffed chicken meatballs topped with a creamy Swiss cheese sauce are delicious served over zucchini noodles or mashed cauliflower, or simply on their own! A great way to use up leftover ham. I've used diced ham, however cubed ham work better as the meatballs keep their shape better. Grate your own cheese; it melts much better than the pre-shredded variety.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
11 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.27
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
45 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
349 calories
23
g fat
3.9
g carbohydrates
31.1
g protein
137
mg cholesterol
837
mg sodium.
