URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273312/green-bean-potato-and-tuna-salad/
Title:
Green Bean, Potato, and Tuna Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 pound tuna steaks
1 teaspoon lemon pepper, or more as needed
1 tablespoon olive oil, or as needed
1 pound fresh green beans - rinsed, trimmed and snapped into bite size pieces
1 1/2 pounds red potatoes, cut into bite-size chunks
1 large tomato, cut into bite-size pieces
1 1/2 tablespoons minced garlic
2 lemons, juiced
1 teaspoon lemon zest (optional)
1 (8 ounce) bottle Italian dressing (such as Ken's Steak House Lite Northern Italian Dressing®)
1 pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Season tuna steaks liberally with lemon pepper.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Place tuna steaks in the hot skillet and sear until lightened but still a little pink in the centers, 3 to 5 minutes on each side. Be careful not to overcook. Remove from heat and allow to cool.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add beans and cook for 4 to 5 minutes. Drain and place in a bowl of ice water to "shock" the beans and preserve the green color.
Place potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until they are just a little firm when pierced, 5 to 6 minutes. Drain and place in a bowl of ice water.
Combine garlic, lemon, juice, and lemon zest in a large bowl. Add tuna, potatoes, green beans, and tomatoes. Stir in Italian dressing and coat all ingredients with the dressing. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Chill for at least 2 hours or best overnight.

Submitter: 
fgamble1969
Description: 
This was a staple in our home each summer.  Very easy to make, all of your guests will ask how it's done and will come back for seconds and thirds.
Categories:
Salad
Vegetable Salads
Green Bean Salad

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
3 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
245 calories
10.4
g fat
24.6
g carbohydrates
16.6
g protein
26
mg cholesterol
566
mg sodium.
