URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273355/simple-egg-and-cheese-breakfast-quesadillas/
Title:
Simple Egg and Cheese Breakfast Quesadillas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
4 large eggs, divided
3 tablespoons milk, divided
2 teaspoons butter, divided
1/4 cup diced green bell pepper
1/4 cup diced onion
2 (1/2 inch thick) slices processed cheese (such as Velveeta®), divided
4 (6 inch) flour tortillas

Directions:
Beat 2 eggs with 1 1/2 tablespoons milk in a bowl.
Melt 1 teaspoon butter in a 6-inch frying pan over medium heat. Add bell pepper and onion and cook until onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Remove 1/2 the mixture and set aside in a bowl.
Pour egg mixture and 1/2 vegetable mixture into the skillet. Tilt the pan, gently push one side of the egg, without breaking it, away from the side of the pan, and let the uncooked egg run onto the pan. Repeat with all four sides of the egg, cooking until bottom is set, about 2 minutes. Flip over and cook until bottom is slightly browned, 1 to 2 minutes more.
Slide omelet onto a tortilla, then slide tortilla back onto the pan. Place 1 slice of cheese onto the omelet and top with another tortilla. Cook until bottom is browned, about 2 minutes. Flip and brown opposite side, about 1 minute more. Slide quesadilla onto a plate and cut into 4 sections.
Beat remaining 2 eggs and 1 1/2 tablespoons milk together in a bowl. Grease the same pan with the second teaspoon of butter. Repeat steps 3-4 with the reserved vegetables and the remaining cheese and tortillas.

Submitter: 
judy2304
Description: 
This is a recipe that I made up after being disappointed by the Dunkin' Donuts® breakfast quesadilla. These quesadillas are satisfying and filling, and a good way to start your day. I make these the night before for my husband. He re-warms them in the microwave or the toaster oven and they are as good as freshly made. They can also be made in advance and frozen for future breakfasts.
Categories:
Bread
Quick Bread
Tortillas

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
449 calories
21.7
g fat
40
g carbohydrates
23.2
g protein
393
mg cholesterol
920
mg sodium.
