URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273316/scrumptious-stuffed-chicken-breasts/
Title:
Scrumptious Stuffed Chicken Breasts Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F1055394.jpg
Ingredients:
4 large skinless, boneless chicken breasts, pounded thin, or more to taste
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 cup diced ham
1 cup light mayonnaise (such as Smart Balance®)
1 cup low-fat sour cream
½ cup shredded Cheddar-Monterey Jack cheese blend
½ cup shredded mozzarella cheese
½ cup shredded Parmesan cheese (optional)
½ teaspoon onion powder
½ teaspoon garlic powder
½ teaspoon smoked paprika
8 slices bacon, or more to taste (optional)
8  toothpicks, or as needed
¼ cup whole wheat bread crumbs, or as needed

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Season chicken with salt and pepper.
Mix ham, mayonnaise, sour cream, Cheddar-Monterey Jack cheese blend, mozzarella cheese, Parmesan cheese, onion powder, garlic powder, and smoked paprika together in a large bowl. Place 1/2 cup mixture on each chicken breast. Roll chicken over filling, wrap with 2 slices bacon, and secure with toothpicks.
Place bread crumbs in a shallow bowl. Roll each chicken breast in bread crumbs to coat. Place chicken in a baking dish.
Bake in the preheated oven until chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 30 to 40 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).

Submitter: 
brenmatt65
Description: 
I love to experiment in the kitchen! I watch several cooking shows and often come up with an idea of my own from a recipe I see in a show. This stuffed one I came up with one evening while deciding what to do with the chicken breasts I had thawed out. It was a hit in our household, and I've made it again since I came up with it! My husband loves this wrapped in bacon, I like it better without.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
45 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
656 calories
36.1
g fat
5.6
g carbohydrates
72.8
g protein
220
mg cholesterol
1401
mg sodium.
