URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273481/spinach-stuffed-baked-potatoes/
Title:
Spinach-Stuffed Baked Potatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Potatoes:
3 baking potatoes
2 teaspoons olive oil, or as needed
1/4 teaspoon sea salt, or as needed
Filling:
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 medium onion, diced
5 Roma tomatoes, diced, or more to taste
1 1/2 cups diced mushrooms
1 (6 ounce) bag fresh spinach, large stems removed
6 leaves fresh basil, chopped, or more to taste
salt and ground black pepper to taste
3 slices cooked turkey bacon, diced
6 slices low-fat provolone cheese

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.
Prick potatoes several times with a fork. Rub potatoes with olive oil to coat; sprinkle with sea salt. Place onto the prepared baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until potatoes are easily pierced with a fork, 50 to 60 minutes.
While the potatoes are baking, heat oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add onion; cook and stir until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes. Add tomatoes and mushrooms; cook until vegetables begin to soften, about 3 minutes.
Add spinach and basil; cook until spinach begins to wilt, 2 to 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Drain any cooking liquid from the skillet. Add turkey bacon; mix to combine.
Remove potatoes from the oven. Keep oven on. Allow potatoes to cool slightly, about 10 minutes. Slice each potato in half lengthwise. Scoop out some of the cooked potato, reserving it for another use.
Place potato halves back onto the aluminum foil-lined baking sheet. Cover each potato half with a slice of cheese and top with the spinach mixture.
Bake until the potatoes and filling are hot, and the cheese is melted, 10 to 15 minutes.

Submitter: 
Mary Susan Kelly
Description: 
I just made this up, looking for a way to make a stuffed baked potato. All 3 teens liked it!
 I'm sure others can perfect it and I am anxious to hear how others will change my made-up recipe. We all love it and have had it twice in 2 weeks so far.
Categories:
Side Dish
Potatoes
Twice Baked Potatoes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
245 calories
10.6
g fat
23.7
g carbohydrates
14.3
g protein
33
mg cholesterol
423
mg sodium.
