URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273475/cheesy-sweet-potatoes/
Title:
Cheesy Sweet Potatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6263061.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons unsalted butter
1 cup grated smoked Cheddar cheese
1/2 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano
2 cups heavy cream
2 cloves garlic, finely chopped
1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, or to taste
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper, or to taste
4 large sweet potatoes, peeled and sliced into 1/8-inch thick rounds

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Place an oven rack in the middle of the oven. Butter a 2-quart casserole dish.
Mix together smoked Cheddar cheese and Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese in a large bowl. Set aside 1/3 of the cheese mixture in a small bowl for topping.
Stir heavy cream, garlic, thyme, kosher salt, and pepper into the large bowl with the cheese mixture. Add sweet potatoes and combine using your hands until every potato slice is fully coated with mixture and not stuck together.
Pick up potato slices a small handful at a time and organize into stacks. Arrange neatly in the prepared casserole dish with potato edges aligned vertically. Begin by placing potato stacks around the perimeter of the dish, working towards the center to create a tightly packed spiral.
Pour leftover cheese and cream mixture over potatoes until mixture comes halfway up the sides of the casserole dish, making sure not to add too much, as it will bubble over. Cover tightly with aluminum foil.
Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes.
Remove foil and continue baking until top is golden brown and starting to crisp, about 30 minutes more.
Remove from the oven and sprinkle with remaining smoked Cheddar cheese and Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese. Return to the oven and bake until dark brown and crispy on top, about 30 minutes more.
Remove from the oven. Let cool 5 to 10 minutes, and serve hot.

Submitter: 
Jones
Description: 
This cheesy sweet potato dish is a family favorite and now a holiday tradition. It is easy, fast to put together, and looks impressive. More importantly, it is delicious! You can do the first  two bakes earlier in the day, set aside, and then do the final bake about 40 minutes before you're ready to eat. It also travels well after two bakes. You can finish baking at your destination.
Categories:
Side Dish
Potatoes
Baked Potatoes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
1
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
415 calories
25.7
g fat
38.5
g carbohydrates
8.9
g protein
89
mg cholesterol
361
mg sodium.
