URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273425/air-fryer-oven-pork-jerky/
Title:
Air Fryer Oven Pork Jerky Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6594437.jpg
Ingredients:
2 pounds ground pork
1 tablespoon sesame oil
1 tablespoon Sriracha
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1 tablespoon rice vinegar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon black pepper
1/2 teaspoon onion powder
1/2 teaspoon pink curing salt

Directions:
Combine ground pork, sesame oil, Sriracha, soy sauce, rice vinegar, salt, black pepper, onion powder, and pink curing salt in a large bowl; mix until evenly combined. Cover and refrigerate for 8 hours.
Using a jerky gun, form as many sticks as you can fit on all three of the air fryer oven racks. They will shrink almost immediately so you can put them close together and utilize the full length of the racks. I was able to get 21 sticks the first go around.
Set the air fryer oven to 160 degrees Fahrenheit. Place all three racks in and cook for 1 hour.
Remove racks from the oven and blot excess moisture with paper towels. Flip each stick and cook for 1 more hour.
Repeat step 4 for a total cook time of 3 hours. Transfer jerky sticks to a paper towel-lined baking sheet. Cover with another layer of paper towels and let sit out 8 hours for final drying. Repeat with any remaining jerky mix.
Transfer jerky to an airtight container and refrigerate for up to 30 days.

Submitter: 
Soup Loving Nicole
Description: 
I typically leave the jerky making to my husband but I got an air fryer oven and decided to try my hand at it. While it does take time, it doesn't take near as long as the dehydrator method he uses. This was so easy, full of flavor, stores well, and just overall impressive! This is the perfect snack for camping, hiking, fishing, hunting, or any outdoor activity.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Meat and Poultry
Jerky

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
11 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
35
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
57 calories
4.1
g fat
0.1
g carbohydrates
4.6
g protein
17
mg cholesterol
123
mg sodium.
