URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273455/sausage-mushroom-chicken/
Title:
Sausage-Mushroom Chicken Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1 (6 ounce) sweet Italian sausage link
2 (6 ounce) skin-on, boneless chicken breasts
1 pinch salt to taste
1 pinch freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 ½ cups beech mushrooms
1  red onion, diced
½ cup white wine
2 tablespoons cold butter
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, divided

Directions:
Place sausage in an oven-safe skillet over medium heat. Poke holes into the sausage with a fork. Cook, turning as needed, until browned and firm, 5 to 7 minutes. Transfer to a plate and let cool to room temperature.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Season chicken breasts with salt, pepper, and cayenne. Refrigerate sausage until ready to use.
Heat oil in the same skillet over medium-high heat. Sear chicken breasts, skin-side down, until browned, 5 to 6 minutes.
Meanwhile, cut off the base of the mushrooms and separate individual segments. Dice cold sausage.
Flip chicken breasts over and sear on the opposite side, 2 to 3 minutes more. Set aside on plate.
Add red onion, sausage, and mushrooms to the skillet. Season with salt. Cook and stir until mixture begins to brown, about 5 minutes. Turn off heat and return chicken to the skillet, skin-side up.
Bake in the preheated oven until chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 15 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Transfer chicken to serving plates. Cover skillet handle with a towel; place over high heat. Cook and stir sausage mixture until caramelized, about 1 minute. Pour in wine and simmer until reduced by about half, about 2 minutes. Reduce heat to low and toss in butter and 1 tablespoon parsley. Stir frequently until butter melts.
Spoon sauce over the chicken. Garnish with remaining parsley.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
Though the name of this recipe is ordinary, the flavor is anything but, thanks to its use of rendered sausage fat, which makes everything it touches taste meatier, including the chicken breasts and mushroom pan sauce. Introduce this ultra-forgiving technique to any friend who's intimidated by cooking to prove just how easy it is to pull off a gorgeous dinner.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
9 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.89
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
55 mins
Number of servings: 
5 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
851 calories
59.4
g fat
13.1
g carbohydrates
54.1
g protein
179
mg cholesterol
1367
mg sodium.
