URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273482/chicken-bacon-ranch-stuffed-baked-potatoes/
Title:
Chicken-Bacon-Ranch-Stuffed Baked Potatoes Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
4 medium potatoes
2 slices bacon
1 cup cubed skinless, boneless chicken breasts
2 tablespoons ranch dressing mix
1 tablespoon canola oil
3 tablespoons prepared ranch dressing
1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese, divided
¼ cup chopped fresh chives

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Prick potatoes several times with a fork and place onto a baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until potatoes are easily pierced with a fork, 40 to 50 minutes. Remove from oven, leaving oven on. Let cool.
While potatoes are cooling, place bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain bacon slices on paper towels. Let cool 10 minutes and crumble.
Combine cubed chicken and ranch dressing mix in a bowl and toss to coat.
Heat canola oil in a skillet over medium heat. Cook chicken in the hot skillet until no longer pink in the center and juices run clear, 5 to 10 minutes. Set aside.
Cut cooled potatoes in 1/2 lengthwise and scoop out insides, leaving about a 1/2-inch shell. Place insides into a medium bowl and mix with prepared ranch dressing until creamy. Add cooked chicken, bacon pieces, and 3/4 cup Cheddar cheese and mix well.
Stuff potato skins with chicken mixture. Place stuffed potatoes on the baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until heated through and golden on top, 20 to 25 minutes.
Remove potatoes from the oven, leaving oven on. Top with remaining 1/4 cup Cheddar cheese.
Return potatoes to the oven and bake until cheese has melted. Remove from the oven, garnish with chives, and serve.

Submitter: 
Little Chickpea
Description: 
A twice-baked potato stuffed with a flavorful twist!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 50 mins
Number of servings: 
10 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
494 calories
24.6
g fat
40.3
g carbohydrates
27.3
g protein
78
mg cholesterol
713
mg sodium.
