URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273411/indian-potato-stuffed-paratha/
Title:
Indian Potato-Stuffed Paratha Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6613119.jpg
Ingredients:
3 medium potatoes, peeled and cubed
2 cups whole wheat flour (atta)
salt to taste
1/4 cup water, or as needed
2 green chile peppers, finely chopped
2 dried roasted red chile peppers, crushed
1 teaspoon chopped coriander leaves, or to taste
1 teaspoon garam masala
1/2 teaspoon roasted ground cumin
1/2 teaspoon amchoor (dried mango powder) (optional)
1 pinch asafoetida powder
salt to taste
vegetable oil for frying

Directions:
Place potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain. Let cool 10 minutes.
Combine whole wheat flour and salt in a bowl. Add water; knead, adding additional water as needed, until dough is smooth. Cover and set aside for 10 minutes.
Mash the boiled potatoes in a bowl. Add green chile peppers, red chile peppers, coriander leaves, garam masala, cumin, amchoor, asafoetida, and salt. Mix well and set aside.
Form dough into small balls and flatten by pressing. Place a small amount of potato mixture evenly into each flattened dough ball, reserving any leftovers. Lift up edges of dough and seal completely by pressing. Sprinkle each with flour; use a rolling pin to flatten.
Heat a nonstick tawa, or a large domed griddle, over low heat. Cook each paratha for 2 minutes and then split with a knife into 2 halves. Pour vegetable oil in on both sides and fry until light brown and crispy, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a serving plate and garnish with reserved mashed potato mixture.

Submitter: 
krishna biswas
Description: 
This is how to make potato paratha - a shallow, fried, Indian bread stuffed with a tasty potato mixture. This is good for a kid's tiffin box. Serve potato paratha hot with curd, pickle, and green chutney.
Categories:
Bread
Quick Bread

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
359 calories
2.9
g fat
76.1
g carbohydrates
12.3
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
96
mg sodium.
