URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273465/baked-chicken-breasts-in-cinnamon-tomato-sauce/
Title:
Baked Chicken Breasts in Cinnamon-Tomato Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F6617786.jpg
Ingredients:
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
¾ teaspoon kosher salt
½ teaspoon ground black pepper
½ teaspoon dried oregano
¼ teaspoon cumin
⅛ teaspoon garlic powder
⅛ teaspoon onion powder
3  skinless, boneless chicken breasts
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1  onion, finely chopped
3 cloves garlic, minced
1  carrot, minced
1 stalk celery, minced
1 (8 ounce) package fresh mushrooms, sliced
½ cup dry white wine
1 (6 ounce) can tomato paste
½ cup low-sodium chicken stock

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Mix together cinnamon, salt, black pepper, oregano, cumin, garlic powder, and onion powder in a bowl. Pat the seasoning onto all sides of chicken. Reserve extra seasoning for sauce.
Heat vegetable oil in a large, oven-safe skillet over medium heat until oil begins to slightly shimmer. Place chicken breasts in skillet and cook until browned, about 3 minutes. Flip and cook an additional 3 minutes. Remove chicken breasts from pan and set aside.
Add onion, garlic, carrot, celery, and mushrooms to skillet. Cook until onions become slightly translucent, about 3 minutes. Add in wine and scrape browned bits off the bottom of the pan. Allow wine to reduce slightly, about 1 minute. Stir in tomato paste, chicken broth, and reserved seasoning. Cover skillet with aluminum foil or an oven-safe lid.
Bake in the preheated oven for 35 minutes. Uncover and bake until sauce is bubbling and chicken is no longer pink in the center, 15 to 20 minutes more. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).

Submitter: 
Kim
Description: 
A delicious and nutritious way to eat chicken breasts! Since this makes a lot of sauce too, it's really great served over brown rice, garlic mashed potatoes--or my favorite, polenta! Top with a grating of Romano or Asiago cheese just before serving for the best results!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
5 Ratings
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 25 mins
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
347 calories
12.6
g fat
22.6
g carbohydrates
31
g protein
67
mg cholesterol
1038
mg sodium.
