URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273474/breakfast-bowl/
Title:
Breakfast Bowl Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 medium potato, grated
1 pinch salt, or more to taste
1 teaspoon olive oil, or as needed
1/8 pound pork sausage, or to taste
1/8 cup chopped onion
1/8 cup chopped green bell pepper
1 egg, or more to taste
1 (2.5 ounce) package country gravy mix
2 cups water
1/8 cup shredded Cheddar cheese, or to taste

Directions:
Mold grated potato into a patty shape. Season with salt.
Heat oil in a skillet over medium-low heat. Cook potato patty until browned on both sides, about 5 minutes. Set aside.
Heat another skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir sausage in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Set sausage aside on a plate, reserving grease in the skillet.
Heat reserved sausage grease over medium-high heat. Add onion and bell pepper and saute until softened, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and set aside.
Heat the same skillet over medium-high heat. Whisk egg in a bowl and pour into the skillet; cook and stir until set, about 5 minutes.
Pour gravy mix into a small saucepan. Whisk in water. Cook over medium heat, stirring frequently, until gravy comes to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 1 minute. Remove from heat; gravy will thicken upon standing.
Place cooked hash brown potato patty in the bottom of a serving bowl. Top with egg, sausage, onion and pepper mixture, and gravy, in that order.

Submitter: 
always in the kitchen
Description: 
All your breakfast favorites put together. This is sort of a take off of Denny's® Farmer's Scramble (which they no longer make, unfortunately). I love breakfast, and you can make this bowl almost any way you want to.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Potatoes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
810 calories
38.7
g fat
87.1
g carbohydrates
29.4
g protein
241
mg cholesterol
2682
mg sodium.
