URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273413/breakfast-cheesecake-with-granola-crust/
Title:
Breakfast Cheesecake with Granola Crust Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6611686.jpg
Ingredients:
Granola Crust:
butter for greasing
2 cups rolled oats
1 cup finely chopped almonds
1 1/2 cups shredded sweetened coconut
1/4 cup flaxseed meal
1 teaspoon ground ginger
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 large lemon, zested and juiced
1/3 cup honey
1 large egg, beaten
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Filling:
1 (8 ounce) package Neufchatel cheese, softened
2 cups whole-milk Greek yogurt
3 tablespoons honey, or more to taste
1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice
1/2 teaspoon lemon zest
1 teaspoon vanilla extract

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease a 9-inch springform pan.
Toss oats, almonds, coconut, flax meal, ground ginger, and salt together in a bowl to combine.
Whisk together lemon juice, lemon zest, 1/3 cup honey, egg, and vanilla in a small bowl until thoroughly combined. Add to the oat mixture and stir using a wooden spoon, or your hands, until well combined. Press mixture firmly into the bottom and up the sides of the springform pan until crust is approximately 1/3-inch-thick on all sides.
Bake in the preheated oven until edges are golden brown and the bottom of the crust is set, about 25 minutes. Remove and cool completely in the pan, about 1 hour. Run a knife around the sides of the pan  and gently remove crust from springform pan.
Whip Neufchatel cheese on medium-high speed with an electric mixer in a bowl until completely smooth. Add Greek yogurt, honey, lemon juice, lemon zest, and vanilla extract. Beat on medium-high speed until mixture is smooth and thoroughly combined. Taste and adjust sweetness by adding more honey if necessary.
Pour filling into cooled crust, and refrigerate cheesecake for at least 1 hour. Keep chilled until ready to serve.

Submitter: 
Kim
Description: 
This is a healthier version of breakfast cheesecake with a granola crust with flax meal and honey instead of sugar. Because life is too short to not have cheesecake for breakfast. Top with fresh berries, if desired.
Categories:
Desserts
Cakes
Cheesecake

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 55 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
301 calories
16.9
g fat
31.4
g carbohydrates
8.7
g protein
36
mg cholesterol
181
mg sodium.
