URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273480/breakfast-baked-potato/
Title:
Breakfast Baked Potato Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6647369.jpg
Ingredients:
1 large russet potato
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 pinch salt
1/8 pound sausage, or as desired
2 slices bacon
4 tablespoons butter, divided
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 eggs
1 tablespoon milk
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1/4 cup shredded Cheddar cheese

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Rub potato with vegetable oil and salt. Prick several times with a fork and wrap in aluminum foil. Place on a baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until squeezable yet firm, about 50 minutes.
While potato is cooking, heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir sausage in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain and discard grease. Set sausage aside in a bowl.
Place bacon in the large skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain bacon slices on paper towels. Let cool slightly; crumble.
Remove potato from the oven. Slice in the center to create a pocket; add 2 tablespoons butter, salt, and pepper to the potato. Stuff potato with crumbled sausage and bacon.
Whisk eggs, milk, salt, and pepper together in a bowl.
Heat remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a nonstick skillet over medium heat. Pour egg mixture into skillet and scramble to desired doneness, about 5 minutes.
Place scrambled eggs on top of meat in potato. Sprinkle Cheddar cheese on top of warm eggs.

Submitter: 
Shandel L
Description: 
I came up with this idea one morning when my son wanted hash browns, but I didn't want to do all the chopping and such. So, I just baked a potato and stuffed all the other breakfast items inside. He loved it and is now making it on his own! And there are many options with this dish.
Categories:
Side Dish
Potatoes
Baked Potatoes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
663 calories
50.1
g fat
33.5
g carbohydrates
21.2
g protein
270
mg cholesterol
1039
mg sodium.
