URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273531/ajiaco-chicken-sweet-corn-and-potato-soup/
Title:
Ajiaco (Chicken, Sweet Corn, and Potato Soup) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/960758.jpg
Ingredients:
3 pounds chicken breasts
8 cups water
1 onion, roughly chopped
1 large carrot, roughly chopped
2 stalks celery, roughly chopped
1/2 bunch fresh cilantro
2 garlic cloves
1 bay leaf
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme
ground black pepper to taste
8 small Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 1-inch cubes
8 small red potatoes, peeled and cut into thick slices
8 small russet potatoes, peeled and cut into thick slices
4 ears fresh corn, cut into 4 pieces
1 (8 ounce) container Mexican crema
fresh cilantro, chopped
1 cup shredded Mexican blend cheese
1 large avocado, diced
2 hard-boiled eggs, chopped (optional)
1 (4 ounce) jar capers

Directions:
Combine chicken, water, onion, carrot, celery, 1/2 bunch cilantro, garlic, bay leaf, salt, thyme, and black pepper in a large soup pot and bring to a boil, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat and simmer until chicken is no longer pink inside, about 1 hour.
Remove chicken from broth and let sit until cool enough to handle. Shred chicken in a large bowl and reserve for later.
Transfer cooked vegetables and 1 cup broth to a blender, working in batches if needed. Cover and hold lid down with a potholder; pulse a few times before leaving on to blend. Return to the pot.
Increase heat to medium-high and add Yukon Gold potatoes, red potatoes, and russet potatoes to the pot. Add corn cobs and continue cooking soup until potatoes soften and start to dissolve, about 1 hour.
Season ajiaco with salt and transfer to a large serving bowl. Place shredded chicken, crema, 1 bunch chopped cilantro, Mexican cheese blend, diced avocado, chopped hard-boiled eggs, and capers in individual pretty serving bowls to be served with the soup as garnish.

Submitter: 
maria joesaar
Description: 
Ajiaco is Colombia's best-known traditional dish, also known in my family as the soup of love. Everybody who tries it falls for it!
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Chicken Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
399 calories
13.4
g fat
45.7
g carbohydrates
26.4
g protein
101
mg cholesterol
483
mg sodium.
