URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273598/moo-shu-chicken/
Title:
Moo Shu Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6634984.jpg
Ingredients:
6 tablespoons cold water, divided
3 teaspoons sesame oil, divided
2 teaspoons cornstarch
1 pound chicken breast tenderloins, cut into thin strips
2 tablespoons hoisin sauce
2 tablespoons oyster sauce
2 teaspoons soy sauce
2 teaspoons vegetable oil, divided
2 eggs, beaten
3 cups shredded cabbage or coleslaw mix
1 (4 ounce) can sliced shiitake mushrooms, drained
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 tablespoon sherry
3 green onions, chopped

Directions:
Whisk 2 tablespoons water, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, and cornstarch together in a large bowl. Stir in chicken and set aside.
Whisk remaining 4 tablespoons water, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, hoisin sauce, oyster sauce, and soy sauce together in a separate bowl. Set aside.
Heat 1 teaspoon vegetable oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add eggs and cook 3 minutes; flip and cook until firm and set, about 3 minutes more. Transfer to a cutting board and slice into thin strips.
Add chicken mixture to the same skillet over medium-high heat. Cook chicken for 6 minutes; flip and cook until chicken is golden brown and juices run clear, about 6 minutes more. Remove from heat and set aside.
Heat remaining teaspoon vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add cabbage, shiitake mushrooms, garlic, and sherry. Cook until cabbage starts to wilt, about 2 minutes.
Add chicken, eggs, and sauce mixture to cabbage mixture. Cook and stir until sauce has thickened, about 5 minutes. Toss in green onions and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Soup Loving Nicole
Description: 
There is no need to order take-out when you can make this classic moo shu chicken at home. It is simple and bursting with flavor. Serve over rice or Chinese mandarin pancakes if desired.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Chinese

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
319 calories
13.8
g fat
17.4
g carbohydrates
30.3
g protein
157
mg cholesterol
585
mg sodium.
