URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273508/jerked-chicken-alfredo/
Title:
Jerked Chicken Alfredo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/1087686.jpg
Ingredients:
3  skinless, boneless chicken breasts, or more to taste
5 tablespoons hot Jamaican jerk seasoning, divided
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
½ medium yellow onion, sliced
½ medium yellow bell pepper, sliced
½ medium red bell pepper, sliced
½ medium orange bell pepper, sliced
1 (16 ounce) jar Alfredo sauce
1 (8 ounce) can pineapple chunks with juice, divided
1 (16 ounce) package dry fettuccine pasta
3 cloves garlic, crushed in a garlic press

Directions:
Rub chicken breasts with about 3 tablespoons of jerk seasoning and refrigerate until ready to use.
Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add onion and peppers and saute until nearly tender, about 3 minutes. Combine Alfredo sauce with remaining 2 tablespoons jerk seasoning and 1 ounce pineapple juice. Stir mixture into the skillet, reduce heat to low, and let simmer.
In the meantime, fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil. Add fettuccine to the pot of boiling water and cook until tender yet firm to the bite, about 8 minutes.
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate.
Add garlic and pineapple chunks to the sauce. Increase heat and bring to a boil. Return heat to low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until flavors blend as desired.
Drain pasta and keep warm. Grill the chicken until the juices run clear, 5 to 7 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Slice into strips.
Plate the pasta and chicken and cover with the sauce.

Submitter: 
Brad Pickett
Description: 
This is my wife's favorite dish. We both love spicy food, and the pineapple adds a great sweet element. Everyone I've made this dish for has enjoyed it. Possible toppings include shredded Parmesan cheese or shredded toasted coconut.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
473 calories
20.8
g fat
53.4
g carbohydrates
20.2
g protein
48
mg cholesterol
1401
mg sodium.
