URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273539/taco-cheesecake-/
Title:
Taco Cheesecake  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 cup crushed tortilla chips
1 tablespoon butter, melted
1 pound lean ground beef
1 package taco seasoning, divided
1/3 cup salsa
2 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese, softened
2 large eggs
2 cups shredded sharp Cheddar cheese
1 (8 ounce) container sour cream
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1/2 cup shredded lettuce
1 tomato, chopped
4 slices avocado

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Stir tortilla chips and butter together in a bowl. Press into the bottom of a 9-inch springform pan.
Bake in the preheated oven for 10 minutes.
Remove crust from oven, leaving oven on. Cool on a wire rack.
Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add beef and cook, stirring, until crumbly and no longer pink, 7 to 10 minutes. Drain and discard grease. Pat beef dry with paper towels and return to the skillet.
Reserve 1 teaspoon taco seasoning mix. Stir remaining taco seasoning and salsa into beef. Cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until liquid evaporates, about 5 minutes.
Beat cream cheese in a bowl using an electric mixer until fluffy. Add eggs and reserved taco seasoning mix, beating until blended. Add Cheddar cheese and beat until blended. Spread mixture evenly over crust and 1 inch up sides of pan. Spoon in beef mixture.
Combine sour cream and flour in a bowl; spread over cheesecake.
Bake in the hot oven for 25 minutes.
Cool in the pan on a wire rack for 10 minutes. Run a knife around the edges and release sides of pan.
Serve warm, cold, or room temperature with a topping of lettuce, tomato, and avocado.

Submitter: 
CSW
Description: 
Sounds weird, but this taco cheesecake appetizer has always been a hit at every party it has been served. I just have copies of the recipe ready for my guests. Serve with tortilla chips and you are ready for a unique and tasty dip.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Dips and Spreads
Cheese Dips and Spreads

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
483 calories
39.6
g fat
10.1
g carbohydrates
22
g protein
160
mg cholesterol
686
mg sodium.
