URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273600/sweet-and-sour-pickled-fennel/
Title:
Sweet and Sour Pickled Fennel Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6632067.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound fennel bulbs, cored and sliced
3 cups water
2 cups white wine vinegar
1 tablespoon kosher salt
1/2 cup turbinado cane sugar
1/3 cup extra virgin olive oil
3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives

Directions:
Inspect 2 jars for cracks and rings for rust, discarding any defective ones. Immerse in simmering water until fennel is ready. Wash new, unused lids and rings in warm, soapy water.
Place sliced fennel in a colander and rinse well.
Combine water, vinegar, and salt in a large saucepan and bring to a boil. Add the fennel, sugar, olive oil, and chives; stir to combine. Bring back to a boil and cook for 3 minutes.
Remove fennel from the cooking liquid with a slotted spoon and pack into sterilized jars. Fill the jars with the hot cooking liquid, leaving 1/2-inch head space. Wipe the tops of the jars with a clean cloth. Place lids on the jars and tighten.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars 2 inches apart into the boiling water using a holder. Pour in more boiling water to cover jars by at least 1 inch. Bring to a rolling boil, cover, and process for 15 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot with a jar lifter and let rest on a kitchen towel, several inches apart, for 12 to 24 hours. Press the center of each lid with a finger to ensure the lid does not move up or down. Remove the rings for storage and store in a cool, dark area for 1 week before consuming.

Submitter: 
Kim's Cooking Now
Description: 
One of the things that I love about our trips to Italy is sampling the various items that my husband's relatives have conserved from their gardens. Finocchi (fennel) in agrodolce (sour-sweet) is one of them! It can be served either as a side dish (contorno) or as a accompaniment to an aperitif. Jars can be stored in a cool, dry place for up to 1 year. Any jars that didn't seal should be placed in the refrigerator and consumed within 2 weeks.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Pickled

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
7 d 12 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
119 calories
9.5
g fat
8.4
g carbohydrates
0.8
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
759
mg sodium.
