URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273626/moo-shu-pork-/
Title:
Moo Shu Pork  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 teaspoon cooking oil
1 egg, beaten
5 ounces pork tenderloin, sliced into thin strips
1 dash salt
1 dash ground black pepper
1 dash ground Sichuan pepper
1/2 ounce dried cloud ear mushrooms
1 ounce bean thread noodles
1 tablespoon sesame oil
1 teaspoon oyster sauce
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1 bunch scallions, cut into 3/4-inch lengths
1/4 cup shredded napa cabbage
Sauce:
2 tablespoons hoisin sauce
1 teaspoon grated ginger
1 teaspoon sake
1 teaspoon soy sauce
1 clove garlic, grated
8 frozen Chinese moo shu pancakes, thawed and warmed

Directions:
Heat cooking oil in a square Japanese omelet pan or small skillet over medium heat. Pour beaten egg into the skillet and spread evenly. Cook until just set, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board lined with a paper towel to cool.
Sprinkle pork with salt, black pepper, and Sichuan pepper. Set aside.
Place cloud ear mushrooms in a bowl and cover with warm water. Place noodles in a separate bowl and cover with warm water. Let mushrooms and noodles soak until reconstituted and soft, about 5 minutes.
Drain mushrooms and slice into thin strips. Drain noodles and cut into shorter lengths.
Heat sesame oil in a frying pan or wok over medium heat. Add pork and stir-fry until it changes color, about 3 minutes. Add mushrooms and noodles and cook 1 minute more. Swirl in oyster sauce and soy sauce and stir-fry until evenly coated, about 1 minute more. Transfer to a small plate.
Place scallions, cabbage, and cooked egg in individual serving dishes.
Combine hoisin sauce, ginger, sake, soy sauce, and garlic in a small bowl.
Place moo shu pancakes on a microwave-safe plate and warm in the microwave for about 45 seconds.
Place moo shu pancakes in the center of the table surrounded by meat, vegetables, and sauce. Moo shu is eating by taking a moo shu pancake in your hand, spread the inner side with sauce, then add pork mixture, egg, and vegetables as desired, wrap, and eat.

Submitter: 
IBNSHISHA
Description: 
Though I made this moo shu pork recipe for 2 as a delicious way to use leftover hoisin sauce, it can easily be adapted for larger groups and makes a fun party food.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
539 calories
16.2
g fat
73.8
g carbohydrates
24.4
g protein
133
mg cholesterol
1159
mg sodium.
