URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273687/marcias-ice-cream-cake-roll-/
Title:
Marcia's Ice Cream Cake Roll  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
nonstick cooking spray
4 eggs
3/4 cup white sugar
3/4 cup baking mix (such as Bisquick ®)
1/2 cup baking cocoa
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup powdered sugar, or as needed
1/2 gallon ice cream
1 (12 ounce) jar chocolate fudge topping (such as Hershey's®), at room temperature

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line the bottom of a 9x13-inch rimmed baking sheet with waxed paper. Spray the sides of the cookie sheet with nonstick cooking spray.
Beat eggs with an electric mixer until foamy. Add sugar, baking mix, cocoa, vanilla, and salt; mix well. Pour batter into the prepared cookie sheet, pressing down with a spatula to remove bubbles and even out.
Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 10 minutes. Do not overbake or it will be difficult to roll.
While the cake is baking, lay a large dish towel on the countertop. Sprinkle the entire surface of the towel generously with powdered sugar, and rub the sugar into the towel; repeat once more.
Cool the cake in the pan for 2 minutes, then run a table knife around the edges to loosen. Invert carefully onto the sugared towel and remove the waxed paper. Sprinkle the top of the cake generously with powdered sugar and rub it into the cake; repeat once more.
Roll the cake, starting with the shorter side and using the towel to help. Cool slightly, about 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, remove ice cream from the freezer and allow it to soften slightly. Place ice cream in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix on medium until creamy and spreadable.
Unroll the cake and spread ice cream on it with a spatula or your hands, if necessary. Roll the cake back up and wrap in the towel. Freeze for 3 hours.
Remove the cake from the freezer and pull off the towel. Neaten the edges of the cake by cutting a thin slice off each end. Place the cake on a plate and frost with the fudge topping. Return to the freezer until ready to serve.

Submitter: 
Holly N.
Description: 
A homemade ice cream roll cake that is easy and tasty! Use different flavors of ice cream to make it unique!
Categories:
Desserts
Cakes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
3 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
470 calories
19
g fat
70.8
g carbohydrates
8.2
g protein
112
mg cholesterol
422
mg sodium.
