URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273605/sous-vide-chicken-thighs/
Title:
Sous Vide Chicken Thighs Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F6621979.jpg
Ingredients:
½ teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon black pepper
½ teaspoon garlic powder
½ teaspoon paprika
6 (8 ounce) bone-in chicken thighs with skin
1 tablespoon olive oil

Directions:
Fill a large pot with water and place a sous vide immersion cooker into the water. Set temperature to 160 degrees Fahrenheit (71 degrees Celsius) according to manufacturer's directions.
Combine salt, pepper, garlic powder, and paprika together in a small bowl and set aside.
Place chicken thighs, skin side down, on a cutting board and carefully remove bone and any excess fat and flaps of skin. Sprinkle seasoning over both sides of chicken, rubbing some under the skin. Tuck in sides of chicken thighs back into original thigh shape. Place chicken into 1 large or 2 small vacuum bags. Seal using a vacuum sealer.
Place bags into the water and set timer for 1 1/2 hours. When timer is up, remove chicken from bag and pat dry completely with paper towels.
Heat olive oil in a skillet over high heat and sear chicken, skin side down, until nicely browned, about 1 minute. Move chicken around the skillet using tongs, holding the chicken up against the side of the skillet to get an even brown color on all edges. Remove from heat and let sit for 2 to 3 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
France C
Description: 
Using the sous vide method to make chicken not only makes it extremely juicy, it'll be the most tender chicken you've ever had! Keeping the skin on ensures you won't overcook the chicken when you sear it in the pan. Traditionally you need to cook chicken to 165 F or until no longer pink, however with sous vide cooking, you can achieve the same safety with extended cooking at lower temperatures.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 52 mins
Number of servings: 
2 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
376 calories
24.8
g fat
0.4
g carbohydrates
35.6
g protein
128
mg cholesterol
302
mg sodium.
