URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273676/authentic-mexican-tostadas/
Title:
Authentic Mexican Tostadas  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6778881.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (2 pound) boneless beef chuck roast
1 medium onion, halved
6 cloves garlic, divided
salt to taste
4 cups water
2 pounds dried pinto beans
salt to taste
2 medium red onions, thinly sliced
1/2 cup white vinegar
1 large lemon, juiced
salt and ground black pepper to taste
5 tomatoes, stems removed
3 jalapeno peppers, stemmed, or more to taste
salt to taste
12 corn tostada shells
1 (8 ounce) container sour cream
1 head lettuce, chopped
2 (12 ounce) packages crumbled cotija cheese

Directions:
Fill a large pot halfway with water and add chuck roast. Add onion and 4 cloves garlic, and season with salt. Cook over medium-low heat until meat is falling apart, about 1 1/2 hours. Let cool slightly and shred using 2 forks. Set aside and keep warm.
Bring water to a boil in a large pot; add pinto beans and salt to taste. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook until tender, about 1 hour. Drain and let cool slightly. Smash beans using a potato masher; set aside and keep warm.
Place red onions, vinegar, lemon juice, salt, and pepper in a bowl and combine. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.
Bring tomatoes, jalapenos, and enough water to cover to a boil in a small pot. Continue to boil until semi-soft, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool slightly and transfer to a blender. Add remaining 2 cloves garlic; season with salt. Blend hot sauce until smooth.
Top each tostada evenly with cooked beans, sour cream, shredded beef, lettuce, Cotija cheese, marinated red onions, and hot sauce, in that order.

Submitter: 
GemElah
Description: 
Corn tostadas are filled with beans, sour cream, shredded beef, lettuce, queso cotija, homemade salsa, and marinated onions. This recipe comes from Mexicali, Mexico, where we grew up eating nothing but authentic Mexican food. If you aren't able to find cotija cheese, queso fresco will also do.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Latin American
Mexican

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
712 calories
33
g fat
65.4
g carbohydrates
39.9
g protein
102
mg cholesterol
789
mg sodium.
