URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273728/strawberry-mango-grilled-chicken-salad/
Title:
Strawberry-Mango Grilled Chicken Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/6657508.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
2 tablespoons avocado oil
2 tablespoons white wine vinegar
2 teaspoons garlic and herb seasoning blend (such as Mrs. Dash(<sup>&reg;</sup>))
¼ teaspoon salt
½ cup fresh strawberries, stemmed
3 tablespoons white wine vinegar
2 tablespoons avocado oil
1 teaspoon honey
½ teaspoon Dijon mustard
½ teaspoon poppy seeds
¼ teaspoon salt
8 cups arugula
1 cup diced mango
1 cup sliced fresh strawberries
1 large avocado, pitted and sliced
½ cup red onion, thinly sliced
¼ cup pine nuts
¼ cup crumbled feta cheese

Directions:
Pound chicken breast to an even 1-inch thickness using a meat mallet or a rolling pin; place in a resealable plastic bag.
Whisk oil, vinegar, garlic-herb seasoning, and salt together in a small bowl. Pour over chicken and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours.
Combine strawberries, vinegar, oil, honey, Dijon mustard, poppy seeds, and salt in a blender. Blend on high speed until smooth, 15 to 20 seconds. Refrigerate until ready to use.
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate.
Remove chicken from marinade. Place chicken on the hot grill; discard leftover marinade.
Close the grill lid and lower the heat to medium. Grill until chicken is no longer pink in the center and juices run clear, 10 to 12 minutes, turning halfway through. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Transfer to a plate to rest and cool for 10 minutes. Slice chicken on the diagonal.
Place arugula on a large platter. Top with sliced chicken, mango, strawberries, avocado, red onion, pine nuts, and feta cheese. Drizzle with dressing and serve.

Submitter: 
France C
Description: 
All the flavors of summer are packed into this arugula and strawberry salad. Perfect for a light dinner on those days you don't want to heat up the house using the oven. Use any mild-flavored oil for the dressing and your favorite seasoning on the chicken. Feel free to divide the ingredients between four large bowls instead of arranging on a platter.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
4 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.25
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
2 hrs 50 mins
Number of servings: 
2 hrs 10 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
502 calories
35.4
g fat
18.7
g carbohydrates
31.1
g protein
79
mg cholesterol
558
mg sodium.
