URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273735/baked-babka-french-toast-sticks-with-chocolate-dipping-sauce/
Title:
Baked Babka French Toast Sticks with Chocolate Dipping Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6651784.jpg
Ingredients:
French Toast Sticks:
cooking spray
6 slices stale cinnamon bread (such as Thomas®)
1 cup milk
1 large egg
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
Dipping Sauce:
1/4 cup chocolate-hazelnut spread (such as Nutella®)
1/4 cup fat free half-and-half
2 tablespoons cocoa powder
1 tablespoon corn syrup
1 pinch salt

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and spray it with cooking spray.
Cut each slice of bread into three sticks. Whisk together milk, egg, vanilla extract, and cinnamon in a large shallow dish. Dip each bread stick in the egg mixture quickly to avoid soaking the bread, yet coating it on all sides; shake off excess. Arrange bread sticks on the prepared baking sheet without them touching.
Bake in the preheated oven for 8 minutes, flip them, spray lightly with cooking spray, and return to the oven until cooked through and golden brown, about 8 more minutes.
Meanwhile, whisk together hazelnut spread, half-and-half, cocoa powder, corn syrup, and salt in a small saucepan on medium-low heat. Bring to a boil and immediately remove pan from the heat, whisking until smooth.
Remove French toast sticks from the oven and serve warm with the chocolate dipping sauce.

Submitter: 
lutzflcat
Description: 
Although delicious, making a loaf of chocolaty Eastern European babka is quite an undertaking. For those of us who are time-challenged, here's a quick and easy substitute that will have everybody asking for more. Sprinkle with confectioners' sugar if desired.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
French Toast

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
282 calories
9.8
g fat
40.6
g carbohydrates
10
g protein
52
mg cholesterol
281
mg sodium.
