URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273787/stout-brownies-with-baileys-chocolate-ganache/
Title:
Stout Brownies with Baileys® Chocolate Ganache Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/995204.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup bread flour
3/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup white chocolate chips
8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped
6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature
4 large eggs, at room temperature
1 cup superfine sugar
1 1/4 cups Irish stout beer (such as Guinness® Extra Stout), room temperature and foam skimmed off
1 cup semi-sweet chocolate chips
1 1/2 cups Irish cream liqueur
12 ounces dark chocolate chips

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Line a 9x13-inch baking pan with nonstick aluminum foil.
Whisk flour, cocoa powder, and salt together in a medium-sized bowl until evenly combined. Set aside.
Fill the bottom of a double boiler halfway with water and bring to a simmer, about 5 minutes; reduce heat to lowest setting. Add white chocolate chips, bittersweet chocolate, and butter to the top of the double boiler and heat, stirring constantly, until melted, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat.
Beat eggs and sugar together in a large mixing bowl using an electric mixer until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add melted chocolate mixture, beating until combined. Beat in flour mixture. Whisk stout beer in to create a thin batter. Drop semi-sweet chocolate chips evenly on top, allowing some to sink in.
Pour batter into the prepared pan.
Bake on the center rack of the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out almost clean, 30 to 40 minutes.
Allow brownies to cool for 1 hour at room temperature.
Pour Irish cream liqueur into a small saucepan and heat until simmering, about 3 minutes; do not boil. Place dark chocolate chips in a bowl and pour heated Irish cream liqueur on top. Stir until evenly melted. Allow ganache to cool and thicken, about 10 minutes.
Pour ganache over the cooled brownies and spread evenly over the top. Refrigerate brownies until ganache is set, at least 1 hour.

Submitter: 
wdtrap
Description: 
Ultramoist and rich brownies are infused with stout beer and topped with creamy a Baileys Irish Cream® dark chocolate ganache. Perfect for St. Patrick's Day parties.
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
UK and Ireland
Irish

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
341 calories
15
g fat
43.5
g carbohydrates
4.5
g protein
40
mg cholesterol
48
mg sodium.
