URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273727/chilled-carrot-and-tomato-mint-soup/
Title:
Chilled Carrot and Tomato-Mint Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3493781.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound carrots
4 large vine-ripened tomatoes, seeded and quartered
2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, or as needed
kosher salt to taste
1/2 onion, finely chopped
1 stalk celery, finely chopped
1 (32 fluid ounce) container vegetable broth
1/4 cup fresh mint leaves
1 tablespoon table cream
1 teaspoon fresh mint leaves, or to taste

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Place carrots and tomatoes in a large roasting dish. Drizzle with 1 tablespoon olive oil and season with kosher salt.
Roast in the preheated oven until tender, about 30 minutes.
While vegetables are roasting, heat remaining tablespoon olive oil in a stockpot over medium heat. Add onion and cook until softened and translucent, 3 to 4 minutes. Add celery and cook until softened, making sure onions do not burn, about 4 minutes. Pour in vegetable broth. Reduce heat to low and keep warm.
Remove vegetables from the oven; add tomatoes directly to simmering broth. Let carrots cool for 5 minutes.
Coarsely chop carrots and add to simmering broth. Season with additional kosher salt. Bring soup to a boil, reduce heat, and let simmer to intermingle flavors, about 20 minutes.
Carefully transfer soup to a large blender, working in batches if necessary. Add 1/4 cup mint. Cover blender  and hold lid down with a potholder. Pulse a few times before leaving on to blend to a fine, smooth consistency. Transfer soup to a large serving bowl or container.
Chill soup in the refrigerator thoroughly, at least 2 hours. Garnish with 1 teaspoon mint leaves and a swirl of table cream before serving.

Submitter: 
Sean Murray
Description: 
This beautifully-colored, bright, and refreshing chilled soup is perfect for a summer evening or light lunch. Serve with fresh bread.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Vegetable Soup
Carrot Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
3 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
190 calories
8.7
g fat
26.2
g carbohydrates
4.2
g protein
2
mg cholesterol
658
mg sodium.
