URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273812/crispy-baked-chicken-tenders/
Title:
Crispy Baked Chicken Tenders Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F663876.jpg
Ingredients:
cooking spray
⅓ cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
⅔ cup grainy Dijon mustard
¼ cup honey
¼ cup egg substitute
1 teaspoon hot sauce, or to taste
1 cup cornflake crumbs
½ cup panko bread crumbs
½ cup grated Parmesan cheese
1 tablespoon minced onion flakes
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon paprika
1 teaspoon onion powder
1 teaspoon Italian seasoning
¼ teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste
1 ½ pounds boneless, skinless chicken breast tenders

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Place a cooking rack inside a baking dish and spray both with cooking spray.
Combine flour, garlic powder, and pepper in a flat dish; stir until evenly combined. Stir mustard, honey, egg substitute, and hot sauce together in a small bowl.
Combine cornflake crumbs, bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese, onion flakes, garlic powder, pepper, paprika, onion powder, Italian seasoning, and cayenne pepper in another flat dish; stir until ingredients are evenly distributed.
Dip chicken tenders into the flour mixture until coated evenly, then dip into the egg mixture, shaking off any excess liquid. Drag the chicken through the bread crumb mixture, covering evenly.
Place chicken on the prepared cooking rack. Spray the chicken with cooking spray.
Bake in the preheated oven until chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 25 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).

Submitter: 
Occasional Cooker
Description: 
After reviewing several oven-fried, baked chicken recipes, I created this spicy, savory, slightly sweet, crispy baked chicken without any added salt. Using a cooking rack inside the baking dish helps to keep the chicken crispy on all sides and prevent the chicken from getting soggy on the bottom.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
45 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
365 calories
6.3
g fat
45.5
g carbohydrates
32.3
g protein
75
mg cholesterol
1027
mg sodium.
