URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273835/prosciutto-stuffed-baked-chicken-breasts-with-pesto/
Title:
Prosciutto-Stuffed Baked Chicken Breasts with Pesto Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/6640158.jpg
Ingredients:
olive oil cooking spray
4  boneless, skinless chicken breasts
salt and pepper to taste
4 slices smoked provolone cheese
4  thin slices prosciutto
½ cup pesto
8  cherry tomatoes, quartered
2 ⅔ tablespoons Italian-seasoned bread crumbs

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray an 11x7-inch baking dish with cooking spray.
Slice a pocket lengthwise, horizontal to the cutting board, in each breast, leaving the tips intact and not slicing all the way through. The larger end of the breast should be a sort of cupped shape. Gently open each pocket, pointing the cut edge up, and leaving them on the cutting board. Lightly season with salt and pepper.
Place 1 slice provolone cheese on each chicken breast. Layer 1 slice prosciutto over cheese, lightly folding it so it does not hang over the edge of the chicken. Spoon 2 tablespoons pesto over each chicken breast and top with tomato pieces. Sprinkle seasoned bread crumbs over chicken. Arrange chicken in a single layer in the prepared baking dish, stuffing-side up.
Bake in the preheated oven until chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 30 to 40 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).

Submitter: 
Bibi
Description: 
Here is an easy way to dress up your chicken for a weeknight, or for company! Use prepared pesto, or make your own! Add some flavorful prosciutto and some smoked provolone, pop in the oven, and use your time to make the sides.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
2 Ratings
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
50 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
425 calories
26.6
g fat
7.4
g carbohydrates
38.3
g protein
99
mg cholesterol
721
mg sodium.
