URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273821/crispy-everything-flatbreads/
Title:
Crispy "Everything" Flatbreads Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6665501.jpg
Ingredients:
Flatbread Dough:
3/4 cup all-purpose flour
3/4 cup sprouted spelt flour
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 pinch cayenne pepper
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder, or to taste
1/4 teaspoon onion powder, or to taste
1 tablespoon olive oil
1/2 cup hot water, or as needed
For the Top:
2 tablespoons poppy seeds, or to taste
2 tablespoons sesame seeds, or to taste
1 pinch fleur de sel (sea salt flakes)

Directions:
Combine all-purpose flour and spelt flour in a bowl. Add salt, pepper, cayenne, garlic powder, and onion powder. Whisk until combined. Add olive oil and water. Stir mixture together with your fingers until a dough starts to come together; knead into a smooth ball.
Wrap dough in plastic wrap and let rest about 1 hour in the fridge or at room temperature.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Divide dough in half. Press and roll 1 half into a rectangle about 1/8-inch thick, sprinkling with flour as needed to prevent sticking. Transfer dough onto a silicone-lined baking sheet.
Lightly brush entire rectangle with a small amount of water. Sprinkle sesame seeds and poppy seeds all over; top with fleur de sel. Press topping gently into the dough before flipping over. Use a pizza cutter to slice dough lengthwise into strips, then diagonally into diamonds. Repeat rolling, topping, and cutting the remaining dough.
Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown and crispy, about 20 minutes.
Flip crackers over in their pans and let cool completely.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
The reason I call these crispy 'everything' flatbread crackers is not only that they're inspired by the 'everything bagel,' but also because they're everything you'd want in a flatbread. You can work all kinds of seeds and flavorings into this easy technique and end up with something much tastier and cheaper than any store-bought cracker. They pair perfectly with countless dips and cheese plates, not to mention smoked salmon dip, capers, and red onions.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Snacks
Crackers

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
80 calories
2.8
g fat
12
g carbohydrates
2.4
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
188
mg sodium.
