URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273842/cheese-tortellini-with-creamy-tomato-and-spinach-sauce/
Title:
Cheese Tortellini with Creamy Tomato and Spinach Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F6560240.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (12 ounce) package frozen cheese tortellini
⅓ cup sun-dried tomatoes packed in oil, drained and oil reserved
2  boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut in bite-sized pieces
salt and ground black pepper to taste
3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced
1 (10 ounce) can diced tomatoes
1 cup whipping cream
⅔ cup dry white wine
1 cup frozen chopped spinach, thawed and drained
2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil
1 cup heavy whipping cream
⅓ cup grated Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil; stir in tortellini and return to a boil. Cook uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the tortellini float to the top but skin is nearly soft, about 2 minutes. Drain well.
Slice sun-dried tomatoes thinly. Heat 1 tablespoon reserved tomato oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Season chicken with salt and pepper and add to the skillet; saute until golden, 3 to 4 minutes. Add garlic and stir for 30 seconds. Pour in sun-dried tomatoes, diced tomatoes, cream, and white wine; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover skillet, and simmer until chicken is just cooked through, about 3 minutes.
Transfer chicken to a separate dish. Add spinach and basil to the skillet and stir. Increase heat slightly and boil until sauce thickens enough to coat the back of a spoon, about 3 minutes. Season sauce with salt and pepper. Return chicken and cooked tortellini to skillet; cook and stir over medium heat until heated through, about 2 minutes more. Stir in Parmesan cheese.

Submitter: 
dat1guy
Description: 
This is a copycat recipe from a local chain of restaurants. They took it off their menu, so I had to develop my own. It turned out so good, it might be just better than the original. Garnish with more basil and Parmesan.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
55 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
562 calories
37.3
g fat
33.6
g carbohydrates
20.2
g protein
157
mg cholesterol
461
mg sodium.
