URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273995/peruvian-potato-chicken-salad-causa-rellena/
Title:
Peruvian Potato-Chicken Salad (Causa Rellena) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6691073.jpg
Ingredients:
For the Chicken Salad:
1 large cooked chicken breast, diced or shredded
1/4 cup green peas
1/4 cup diced cooked carrot
1 teaspoon minced shallot
2 tablespoons finely chopped roasted red peppers
2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro
1 teaspoon lime juice
1/4 cup mayonnaise, or as needed
For Potato Mixture:
1 1/4 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and quartered
2 tablespoons aji amarillo chili paste, or to taste
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 lime, juiced, or more to taste
cayenne pepper to taste
salt to taste
1 avocado, quartered and sliced
For the Sauce:
1/3 cup mayonnaise
1 tablespoon sour cream (optional)
1 small clove garlic, crushed
2 teaspoons aji amarillo chili paste, or to taste
water as needed (optional)

Directions:
Combine chicken, green peas, carrot, shallot, roasted red peppers, cilantro, and lime juice in a bowl. Season with salt and cayenne. Add mayonnaise and mix until combined. Cover chicken salad with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to use.
Place potatoes into a pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until very tender but not falling apart, about 20 minutes. Drain well and transfer potatoes to a mixing bowl. Mash until smooth.
Add jai amarillo, olive oil, and lime juice to the potatoes. Season with cayenne and salt. Mash together with the potato masher. Switch to a spatula and mix until completely smooth.
Line four 6-ounce ramekins with plastic wrap. Scoop mashed potatoes evenly into ramekins; press and smooth out the tops. Cover each with a layer of avocado slices. Fill ramekin to the top with chicken salad, pressing it down and pulling up the plastic wrap to eliminate any air pockets. Cover with a final layer of mashed potatoes, going up to 1/2 inch or more over the rim.
Seal top with a new layer of plastic wrap and fold the sides over to seal. Refrigerate salads until completely chilled, at least 1 hour.
Mix mayonnaise, sour cream, garlic, and aji amarillo together for the sauce, adding a splash of water to adjust the thickness.
Remove the top layer of plastic wrap from each salad. Invert each ramekin onto a serving plate; remove ramekins, then plastic wrap. Spoon some sauce around each salad.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
There's nothing very unusual about serving a chicken or potato salad at a cookout, which is why this layered Peruvian potato and chicken salad will cause such a stir. Or should I say, 'causa' a stir, since in Peru that's what this gorgeous dish is called. Infused with aji amarillo, lime juice, and cilantro, these are perfect for making ahead and packing in your cooler on a hot summer day. Garnish with cherry tomatoes and cilantro if desired.
Categories:
Salad
Potato Salad
Creamy Potato Salad

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
2 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
658 calories
49.1
g fat
41.4
g carbohydrates
19.2
g protein
58
mg cholesterol
391
mg sodium.
