URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/273940/grilled-chicken-teriyaki-skewers-with-miso-ranch/
Title:
Grilled Chicken Teriyaki Skewers with Miso Ranch Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6691068.jpg
Ingredients:
12 bamboo skewers
For the Skewers:
2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs
1/2 cup soy sauce
1/2 cup sake
1/3 cup mirin (Japanese sweet wine)
2 teaspoons finely grated ginger
2 tablespoons minced green onions
1/4 cup brown sugar
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
For the Miso Ranch Dressing:
3/4 cup mayonnaise
1/4 cup sour cream
1/3 cup buttermilk
1 tablespoon white miso paste, or to taste
1 tablespoon minced green onion
1 clove garlic, crushed
1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh tarragon
1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh dill
1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives
freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 pinch cayenne pepper

Directions:
Soak bamboo skewers in water.
Cut chicken thighs in half lengthwise along the creases and halve the thicker portions to get 3 or 4 pieces each. Place chicken in a bowl. Pour in soy sauce, sake, mirin, ginger, green onions, brown sugar, and oil. Toss by hand until well combined and brown sugar is dissolved. Cover top in plastic wrap and marinate in the refrigerator for 2 to 6 hours.
Combine mayonnaise, sour cream, buttermilk, and miso in a bowl. Add green onion, garlic, tarragon, dill, and chives. Season with black pepper and cayenne. Whisk dressing until thoroughly combined.
Thread chicken pieces onto skewers. Strain marinade into a saucepan and bring to a boil to make the glaze.
Preheat a grill for medium-high heat. Grill skewers, basting with some of the reserved marinade, until meat firms up and springs back to the touch, 4 to 5 minutes per side.
Serve skewers next to the miso ranch dressing and brush with reserved glaze.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
If ‘teri' means ‘shine,' and ‘yaki' refers to grilling, then these chicken skewers are the poster children for teriyaki. Marinated in soy sauce, sake, and mirin, the chicken is grilled to sweet, smoky perfection and dipped in a refreshing, herby miso ‘ranch' sauce that'll send your summer cookout guests into a frenzy. The only bottles not invited to this party are bottled teriyaki sauces! Garnish with sesame seeds if desired.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Japanese

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
280 calories
18.6
g fat
9.6
g carbohydrates
14.3
g protein
54
mg cholesterol
788
mg sodium.
