URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274092/vegetarian-tortellini-salad-with-grilled-vegetables/
Title:
Vegetarian Tortellini Salad with Grilled Vegetables Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Dressing:
1/4 cup balsamic vinegar
3/4 cup olive oil
3 tablespoons water
2 tablespoons Italian seasoning
1 (.7 ounce) package dry Italian salad dressing mix (such as Good Seasons®)
Salad:
2 (8 ounce) packages dry cheese tortellini
2 medium zucchini, ends trimmed and halved lengthwise, or more to taste
2 medium yellow squash, ends trimmed and halved lengthwise, or more to taste
2 medium red onions, sliced into thick rounds
1 tablespoon olive oil, or as needed
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Mix balsamic vinegar, olive oil, water, Italian seasoning, and Italian salad dressing mix together in a bowl for the dressing. Set aside.
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil; stir in tortellini and return to a boil. Cook uncovered, stirring occasionally, until tortellini is tender and filling is hot, 10 to 12 minutes. Drain and cool under cold water. Set aside.
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate.
Brush zucchini, squash, and onions with olive oil; sprinkle with salt and pepper.
Grill vegetables on the preheated grill until brown and soft, 7 to 10 minutes, making sure not to overcook squash. Remove from heat and let rest and cool for 10 minutes.
Chop cooled vegetables into medium-sized pieces. Place in a large bowl with tortellini and mix together. Add dressing and mix well. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve warm or refrigerate and serve cold the next day.

Submitter: 
carrieanddave
Description: 
This vegetarian tortellini salad recipe is a great way to use up summer squash and zucchini. Tastes great warm, or you can make it ahead and serve cold.
Categories:
Salad
Pasta Salad
Vegetarian Pasta Salad

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
297 calories
21.2
g fat
22
g carbohydrates
6.4
g protein
18
mg cholesterol
417
mg sodium.
