URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274026/air-fryer-apple-pies/?src=VD_Summary
Title:
Air Fryer Apple Pies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6696219.jpg
Ingredients:
4 tablespoons butter
6 tablespoons brown sugar
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
2 medium Granny Smith apples, diced
1 teaspoon cornstarch
2 teaspoons cold water
1/2 (14 ounce) package pastry for a 9-inch double crust pie
cooking spray
1/2 tablespoon grapeseed oil
1/4 cup powdered sugar
1 teaspoon milk, or more as needed

Directions:
Combine apples, butter, brown sugar, and cinnamon in a non-stick skillet. Cook over medium heat until apples have softened, about 5 minutes.
Dissolve cornstarch in cold water. Stir into apple mixture and cook until sauce thickens, about 1 minute. Remove apple pie filling from heat and set aside to cool while you prepare the crust.
Unroll pie crust on a lightly floured surface and roll out slightly to smooth the surface of the dough. Cut the dough into rectangles small enough so that 2 can fit in your air fryer at one time. Repeat with remaining crust until you have 8 equal rectangles, re-rolling some of the scraps of dough if needed.
Wet the outer edges of 4 rectangles with water and place some apple filling in the center about 1/2-inch from the edges. Roll out the remaining 4 rectangles so that they are slightly larger than the filled ones. Place these rectangles on top of the filling; crimp the edges with a fork to seal. Cut 4 small slits in the tops of the pies.
Spray the basket of an air fryer with cooking spray. Brush the tops of 2 pies with grapeseed oil and transfer pies to the air fryer basket using a spatula.
Insert basket and set the temperature to 385 degrees F (195 degrees C). Bake until golden brown, about 8 minutes. Remove pies from the basket and repeat with the remaining 2 pies.
Mix together powdered sugar and milk in a small bowl. Brush glaze on warm pies and allow to dry. Serve pies warm or at room temperature.

Submitter: 
Kim's Cooking Now
Description: 
Mini hand pies filled with a buttery apple-cinnamon mixture and topped with a sweet powdered sugar glaze. They bake in less than 10 minutes in an air fryer.
Categories:
Desserts
Pies
Apple Pie

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
498 calories
28.6
g fat
59.8
g carbohydrates
3.3
g protein
31
mg cholesterol
328
mg sodium.
