URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274064/easy-chicken-curry-in-a-hurry/
Title:
Easy Chicken Curry in a Hurry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/6733998.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon butter
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 cup basmati rice
2 cups chicken broth
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 large yellow onion, halved and sliced
1 clove garlic, minced
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cubed
1 (14.5 ounce) can stewed tomatoes
1 (14 ounce) can coconut milk
3 tablespoons ground cumin
3 tablespoons curry powder
1 teaspoon chili powder
1 teaspoon paprika

Directions:
Heat butter and olive oil over medium heat in a saucepan. Add rice once butter has melted and cook, stirring frequently, until fragrant, 3 to 4 minutes. Pour in chicken broth and stir to combine. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low, cover, and cook until rice is tender and fluffy, about 20 minutes.
While rice is cooking, heat a large saucepan over medium heat; add olive oil. Mix in onion and garlic and cook, 2 to 3 minutes. Add chicken and cook until no longer pink in the center and juices run clear, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove chicken from the pan and transfer onto a plate.
Add tomatoes, coconut milk, cumin, curry powder, chili powder, and paprika to onion-garlic mixture. Cook for 5 minutes; add chicken back into mixture. Reduce heat to low, cover, and let simmer until rice has finished cooking. Serve rice with curried chicken mixture on top.

Submitter: 
NICOLE
Description: 
This is a quick and easy curry in a hurry recipe I use to spice up meal time during the week. This also makes great leftovers! By adding a couple of extra items to your shopping list each week you can make this delish meal anytime! Pork can also be substituted for chicken in this recipe.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
45 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
458 calories
26.4
g fat
37.1
g carbohydrates
21.8
g protein
50
mg cholesterol
610
mg sodium.
