URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274051/indian-coconut-chicken-curry/
Title:
Indian Coconut Chicken Curry Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons vegetable oil, or more as needed
½ teaspoon brown mustard seeds
½ teaspoon cumin seeds
1  dried red chile, broken in half, or more to taste
1 pinch asafoetida powder
1 large onion, finely sliced
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 large bay leaf
1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger root
¼ teaspoon ground turmeric
3  fresh curry leaves, or more to taste
½ teaspoon chili powder, or more to taste
1 pinch ground black pepper
1 ¼ pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into large pieces
½ teaspoon ground coriander
1 cup coconut milk
½ teaspoon tamarind paste, or more to taste
salt to taste
1 pinch garam masala
1 cup water, or as needed (optional)

Directions:
Heat vegetable oil over medium-high heat in a large, deep pan. Stir in mustard seeds and cook until seeds have been sputtering for 20 seconds; add cumin seeds. Stir in red chile and asafoetida. Add onion and fry for 2 minutes. Add garlic, bay leaf, ginger, and turmeric powder and cook for 2 minutes more. Stir in curry leaves, chili powder, and black pepper and cook until onions are golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes.
Add chicken to the pan and fry until almost cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in coriander powder and mix well. Pour in coconut milk; bring to a boil. Add tamarind paste and salt; mix well. Add garam masala; reduce heat and let simmer, adding water as necessary, until curry reaches desired consistency and chicken is no longer pink in the center, about 10 minutes more.

Submitter: 
cookiemonster
Description: 
Very flavorful and comforting chicken curry recipe if you like Indian food and coconut. Best served with plain white basmati rice because of the thin consistency, but it is also lovely soaked up with slices of fluffy naan.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
50 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
259 calories
17.4
g fat
5.4
g carbohydrates
21.1
g protein
54
mg cholesterol
84
mg sodium.
