URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274036/grilled-panzanella-with-italian-sausage-and-chicken/
Title:
Grilled Panzanella with Italian Sausage and Chicken Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
¾ cup red wine vinegar
½ cup balsamic vinegar
5 cloves garlic
3 tablespoons capers, drained
3 tablespoons dried oregano
3 tablespoons agave nectar
2 tablespoons Dijon mustard
2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 cup olive oil
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
4 tablespoons olive oil, divided, or to taste
1 tablespoon salt-free Italian seasoning
1 teaspoon garlic powder
salt and ground black pepper to taste
4  roma tomatoes
3  red bell peppers
1 large red onion, thickly sliced
1 large crusty French baguette
1 pound sweet Italian chicken sausage
1 (8 ounce) package mozzarella cheese
4 cups arugula
½ cup shredded Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Combine red wine vinegar, balsamic vinegar, garlic, capers, oregano, agave nectar, Dijon mustard, Parmesan cheese, salt, and pepper in an electric blender to make the dressing. Blend, gradually pouring in olive oil, until well combined. Set aside.
Toss chicken breasts with 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil, Italian seasoning, garlic powder, salt, and pepper in bowl.
Toss tomatoes, bell peppers, and red onion slices with 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil. Season with salt and pepper.
Slice baguette lengthwise into quarters to get 4 long 'sticks.' Place sticks on a sheet pan and coat with remaining tablespoon olive oil.
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate.
Place chicken and sausage on the preheated grill and cook, flipping occasionally until meats are no longer pink in the centers, 12 to 15 minutes. Add vegetable mixture and bread sticks to the grill and cook until moderately charred throughout, about 5 minutes. Transfer cooked items onto a sheet pan for easy transport. Let cool 10 to 15 minutes.
Remove stems and seeds from the grilled bell peppers. Dice peppers, onion, tomatoes, baguette, sausage, chicken, and mozzarella cheese into roughly 1/2-inch pieces. Toss in a large bowl with dressing. Serve over arugula and top with shredded Parmesan cheese.

Submitter: 
MontanaChef
Description: 
This is a summertime favorite of my family. The grilled bread, vegetables, and meats add that smoky char while the dressing adds the tang and sweetness. Serving over arugula gives the salad that peppery finish we all love. By not mixing the arugula into the dressing, you can save any leftovers and just warm slightly and then serve over the arugula.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
40 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 10 mins
Number of servings: 
10 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
701 calories
45.8
g fat
45.9
g carbohydrates
27.6
g protein
62
mg cholesterol
1170
mg sodium.
