URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274055/thai-chicken-curry-/
Title:
Thai Chicken Curry  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 teaspoon sesame oil, or as needed
1 yellow onion, roughly chopped
3 cloves garlic, minced
2 red potatoes, peeled and cut into 1-inch cubes
2 carrots, sliced
2 tablespoons Thai yellow curry paste
1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger root
1 tablespoon fish sauce
1/2 teaspoon Thai red chile paste
1/3 teaspoon ground coriander
1 (14 ounce) can coconut milk
1 cup water, divided
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, cut into thin strips
1 cup sliced zucchini
1 red bell pepper, cut into strips
1 tablespoon cornstarch
2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro
1 lime, juiced

Directions:
Heat sesame oil over medium heat in a large saucepan. Saute onion and garlic in the hot oil until garlic begins to brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Add potatoes, carrots, curry paste, ginger, fish sauce, chile paste, and coriander; stir until evenly coated and well mixed.
Stir coconut milk and 1/2 cup water into the saucepan. Season with salt and pepper. Cover, reduce heat to low, and simmer for 10 minutes. Stir in chicken, zucchini, and bell pepper. Continue to simmer, covered, until chicken is no longer pink in the center, about 5 minutes more.
Dissolve cornstarch in remaining 1/2 cup water in a small bowl; stir into the simmering mixture. Uncover, raise heat to high, and bring to a boil. Continue to boil for 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir in cilantro and lime juice just prior to serving.

Submitter: 
bluremi
Description: 
This is a Thai chicken curry recipe I've been perfecting for many years. It is extremely flavorful, and the potatoes come out perfect, my favorite part of the dish. Serve over basmati rice.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Thai

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
295 calories
16.9
g fat
19.2
g carbohydrates
19.1
g protein
43
mg cholesterol
353
mg sodium.
