URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274043/instant-pot-cilantro-lime-chicken-tacos/
Title:
Instant Pot® Cilantro-Lime Chicken Tacos Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6703215.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 cup olive oil, divided
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1/2 teaspoon ground coriander
3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, plus more for garnish
2 limes, divided
1 1/2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into strips
1/2 onion, thinly sliced
1/4 cup canned diced tomatoes, undrained
6 tortilla shells

Directions:
Combine 3 tablespoons olive oil, garlic, cumin, coriander, cilantro, and juice of 1 lime in a gallon-sized resealable plastic bag. Add chicken and marinate for 30 minutes.
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) and select Saute function. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil. Add onion rings and cook until soft and translucent. Add diced tomatoes with liquid. Drain chicken from marinade and add to Instant Pot(R). Close and lock the lid.
Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 10 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, for 6 minutes. Release remaining pressure carefully using the quick-release method, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Remove chicken and shred with 2 forks. Return to the Instant Pot(R) and mix with tomato sauce.
Add chicken mixture to taco shells and add preferred toppings. Slice remaining lime and add lime slices to each taco plate.

Submitter: 
thedailygourmet
Description: 
Take your tacos and elevate them with this flavorful cilantro lime taco. It cooks in an Instant Pot® so dinner is done fast! Serve with assorted toppings like red cabbage, onions, cilantro, cotija cheese, etc.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Latin American
Mexican

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
290 calories
15
g fat
13.9
g carbohydrates
25.2
g protein
65
mg cholesterol
125
mg sodium.
