URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274131/frankensteined-vegan-cauliflower-soup/
Title:
Frankensteined Vegan Cauliflower Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 head cauliflower, stalk removed
5 tablespoons olive oil, divided
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 cup diced onion
2 teaspoons chopped garlic
7 cups vegetable broth
2 cups diced potatoes
1 cup diced celery
2/3 cup shredded carrots
1 cup peas
1 cup unsalted raw cashews

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Chop 3/4 of the cauliflower and set aside. Slice the remaining 1/4 cauliflower and place slices in a large bowl. Drizzle with 2 tablespoons olive oil, salt, and pepper; toss to coat. Distribute evenly on a sheet pan.
Roast in the preheated oven, stirring every 10 minutes, until evenly browned, 20 to 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, heat remaining 3 tablespoons oil in a skillet over medium heat. Stir in onion and garlic and saute until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes. Add broth and bring to a boil.
Remove 1/2 of the boiling broth and put it into a saucepan. Add chopped cauliflower and simmer over medium heat until cauliflower is tender, 20 to 30 minutes. Stir in peas 5 minutes before serving.
Add potatoes, celery, and carrots to the remaining boiling broth and simmer over low heat until the potatoes are tender, about 15 minutes.
Remove the chopped cauliflower and broth mixture from the heat and stir in cashews until soft. Working in batches, pour into a blender until halfway full. Cover and hold lid down with a potholder; pulse a few times before leaving on to blend. Pour into the potato and broth mixture. Repeat as necessary.
Top each bowl with slices of roasted cauliflower.

Submitter: 
OuidaP
Description: 
This recipe is a combination of 3 different recipes that I've hodgepodged together. I invited a friend to dinner and panicked when she told me she ate a vegan diet. I took a chance and she loved it! I'm a meat eater and I love it, too! Even my hubby gave it thumbs up!
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Vegetable Soup
Cauliflower

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
364 calories
22.1
g fat
35.1
g carbohydrates
10.1
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
696
mg sodium.
