URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274125/orange-pumpkin-mini-loaves-with-cinnamon-orange-streusel/
Title:
Orange-Pumpkin Mini Loaves with Cinnamon-Orange Streusel Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Streusel:
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
2/3 cup dark brown sugar
4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
1 medium orange, zested
Bread:
1 (15 ounce) can canned pumpkin
1 cup white sugar
1 cup dark brown sugar
3/4 cup unsalted butter, melted and cooled
1 medium orange, juiced
1 egg
2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease five 3x5-inch mini loaf pans.
Combine flour, dark brown sugar, butter, cinnamon, and orange zest in a medium bowl; squeeze together using your hands, turning the bowl as you squeeze, until all ingredients are combined and streusel gets crumbly. Chill in the refrigerator at least 30 minutes to overnight.
Combine pumpkin, white sugar, dark brown sugar, butter, orange juice, and egg in a bowl. Add flour, baking powder, salt, and pumpkin pie spice; stir until incorporated. Divide batter evenly between the prepared pans, filling each about halfway full.
Remove streusel from the refrigerator and lightly break up any large clumps. Press about a handful onto each bread loaf so that it will adhere while baking. Place loaves on a cookie sheet for easier transfer.
Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center of each loaf comes out clean, 36 to 38 minutes, turning the cookie sheet halfway through baking. Remove from the oven and let cool for 20 minutes before unmolding.

Submitter: 
cindyk
Description: 
If you love pumpkin you will love these mini loaves. This recipe combines the taste of pumpkin and orange with a wonderful cinnamon streusel. This bread tastes best when cooled and even better the day after it is made.
Categories:
Bread
Quick Bread
Pumpkin Bread

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
278 calories
9.7
g fat
46.4
g carbohydrates
2.8
g protein
34
mg cholesterol
227
mg sodium.
