URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274175/zaatar-chicken-salad-with-lemon-tahini-dressing/
Title:
Za'atar Chicken Salad with Lemon-Tahini Dressing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/6720741.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons lemon juice
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
2 tablespoons za'atar seasoning
1 clove garlic, minced
1 teaspoon kosher salt
½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
½ pound chicken tenders
6 cups torn, bite-sized romaine lettuce
1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved
1  green bell pepper, diced
1  cucumber, peeled and diced
½ cup shredded carrot
1  lemon, zested and juiced
4 tablespoons tahini
4 tablespoons water, or more as needed
2 cloves garlic
1  dried date, minced
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives (optional)
1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint (optional)

Directions:
Mix 2 tablespoons lemon juice, olive oil, za'atar, garlic, salt, and pepper together in a gallon-sized plastic zip-top bag. Add chicken tenders and refrigerate, turning occasionally, 30 minutes to 12 hours.
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate.
Place chicken tenders on the grate, reduce heat to medium, and cover. Grill until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of a tender registers 165 degrees F (74 degrees C), 4 to 5 minutes per side.
Remove chicken from grill and let rest. Prepare the salad in the meantime; place romaine pieces in a large bowl and add tomatoes, bell pepper, cucumber, and carrot.
Combine lemon zest and juice, tahini, water, garlic, and date in the bowl of a mini food processor or a blender. Pulse several times, adding water by tablespoons if necessary, until desired consistency is achieved. Season with salt and pepper. Pour dressing into the salad bowl and toss.
Divide salad between plates. Slice each chicken tender crosswise into 1/4-inch slices and place over the salads. Garnish with chives and mint.

Submitter: 
Bibi
Description: 
Experiment with Middle Eastern flavors in this nutritious dinner salad. Use purchased za'atar seasoning blend or use your own.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 10 mins
Number of servings: 
30 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
553 calories
33.9
g fat
38.6
g carbohydrates
34.4
g protein
65
mg cholesterol
1177
mg sodium.
