URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274170/shrimp-scampi-with-fried-bread/
Title:
Shrimp Scampi with Fried Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6722152.jpg
Ingredients:
6 tablespoons olive oil, divided
4 tablespoons minced garlic, divided
3 tablespoons shredded Parmesan cheese, divided
3/4 stick butter, divided
2 tablespoons minced shallots
1 teaspoon crushed red pepper
1 1/2 pounds large, head-on shrimp
1/2 cup dry white wine
1 lemon, juiced
1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning (optional)
1 baguette, cut into 4-inch slices
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley, or as desired

Directions:
Combine 3 tablespoons oil, 1 tablespoon garlic, and 1 tablespoon Parmesan cheese in a bowl. Stir and let sit for 30 minutes.
Melt 3 tablespoons butter in a pan over medium heat. Whisk in remaining 3 tablespoons oil. Add shallots and red pepper and cook until fragrant, about 3 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low. Add remaining garlic and shrimp. Cook, tossing frequently in butter, until cooked through and pink, about 5 minutes. Press down on the heads every so often to press juices into the sauce. Transfer shrimp to a bowl, leaving pan on the stove.
Add white wine to the pan over medium heat and scrape up any cooked bits from the bottom. Let liquid reduce by 1/2, about 5 minutes.
While sauce reduces, peel and de-vein shrimp.
Add lemon juice, 4 tablespoons butter, and 2 tablespoons Parmesan cheese to the pan. Add Cajun seasoning. Cook, whisking frequently, until sauce thickens, about 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, heat 4 tablespoons butter in a separate pan over medium heat. Brush baguette slices on both sides with reserved oil-Parmesan cheese mixture. Fry the bread in the hot butter until golden brown on each side, about 5 minutes. Transfer bread to a paper towel-lined plate.
Add peeled shrimp to the sauce. Stir and simmer 2 to 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.
Plate shrimp over fried baguettes. Spoon extra sauce on top and garnish with parsley. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Brian Genest
Description: 
Scampi is possibly my favorite shrimp dish, but dunking the fried baguette into the sauce may actually be even better than the shrimp! Add Cajun seasoning to switch gears from the Italian-American classic to the New Orleans variety.
Categories:
Main Dish
Seafood
Shrimp
Shrimp Scampi

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
569 calories
28.3
g fat
47.4
g carbohydrates
29.1
g protein
205
mg cholesterol
1077
mg sodium.
