URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274292/chicken-crepe-riviera/
Title:
Chicken Crepe Riviera Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/6730758.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup milk
½ cup all-purpose flour
2  eggs
1 tablespoon butter, at room temperature
6 leaves fresh basil leaves, minced
1 pinch salt
1 ½ pounds chicken tenderloins, diced
¼ cup grapeseed oil
1 ½ tablespoons balsamic vinegar
1 pinch salt
1 head broccoli, chopped
1 tablespoon butter
2 cloves garlic, minced
2  Roma tomatoes, chopped
½ (8 ounce) package sliced portobello mushrooms (optional)
¾ cup heavy cream
2 tablespoons semi-soft cheese with garlic and herbs (such as Allouette(<sup>&reg;</sup>))
1 tablespoon pesto

Directions:
Combine milk, flour, and eggs in a blender. Blend until smooth, about 1 minute.
Heat a nonstick pan over medium-high heat. Brush hot pan with a small amount of butter. Ladle about 3 tablespoons of batter into the center of the pan. Tilt pan from left to right to cover entire surface. Sprinkle top of the crepe with 1 or 2 teaspoons of basil.
Cook until edges begin to brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip crepe over and cook until set, about 2 minutes more. Remove to a plate. Cook remaining batter, re-brushing pan with butter and stacking crepes with parchment paper in between.
Mix chicken, grapeseed oil, balsamic vinegar, and salt together in a resealable zip-top bag; marinate for 20 to 30 minutes.
Drain and discard marinade. Heat a skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken; cook and stir until juices run clear, about 5 minutes.
Place broccoli in a microwave-safe bowl with 2 tablespoons water. Microwave until crisp-tender, 3 to 4 minutes.
Combine butter and garlic in the same skillet over medium heat. Cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the broccoli; stir to coat with the garlic butter. Stir in tomatoes and mushrooms and heat through.
Stir cream, cheese, and pesto together in a separate saucepan over medium heat. Cook and stir until sauce comes together, 3 to 5 minutes.
Lay a crepe on a plate, line chicken filling down the middle, and drizzle sauce on top. Fold crepe over burrito-style; spoon more chicken and sauce over top. Repeat with remaining crepes, filling, and sauce.

Submitter: 
thedailygourmet
Description: 
We have a lovely restaurant nearby and my first-ever order was their chicken crêpe riviera. This is my version. The restaurant version doesn't have portobellos but I find they're a lovely addition and I love how easy it is to customize the flavors!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 5 mins
Number of servings: 
20 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
478 calories
31.6
g fat
17.4
g carbohydrates
31.9
g protein
184
mg cholesterol
251
mg sodium.
