URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274230/instant-pot-tuscan-chicken/
Title:
Instant Pot® Tuscan Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6712949.jpg
Ingredients:
1 teaspoon paprika
1/8 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon pepper
1 pound boneless, skinless chicken tenders
1 tablespoon olive oil
2 tablespoons butter
1/3 cup minced onion
1 tablespoon minced garlic
3 cups low-sodium chicken broth
8 ounces penne pasta
3/4 cup half-and-half
2 teaspoons Italian seasoning
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 (8 ounce) package reduced fat cream cheese, room temperature, cut into small cubes
1 cup grated Parmesan cheese
3 cups fresh baby spinach
1/2 cup sun-dried tomatoes packed in oil, drained and chopped
2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil

Directions:
Combine paprika, salt, and pepper in a bowl and season chicken tenders on both sides.
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) and select Saute function. Add olive oil. Brown chicken tenders in the hot oil for about 2 minutes. Remove to a plate. Add butter to Instant Pot(R). Stir in onion and garlic; cook and stir for 1 to 2 minutes. Pour in chicken broth, scraping off browned bits from the bottom with a wooden spoon. Mix in penne pasta, half-and-half, Italian seasoning, salt and pepper.
Return chicken tenders back to the pot; close and lock the lid. Select High pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 5 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes.
Remove chicken to plate and cover with foil. Immediately stir penne to separate them from the sauce. Mix in cream cheese, stirring until sauce is smooth. Add Parmesan cheese, spinach, and sun-dried tomatoes, stirring well. Chop chicken into bite-sized pieces, return to the pot, and stir to combine with the sauce. Toss basil in right before serving.

Submitter: 
lutzflcat
Description: 
An Italian pasta dish loaded with a creamy Parmesan and cream cheese sauce, with bites of spinach, basil, sun-dried tomatoes, and tender chicken. A single pot meal prepared quickly in the Instant Pot®. Garnish with additional Parmesan cheese, if desired.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Chicken
Chicken Breasts
Pasta

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
763 calories
37.5
g fat
55.6
g carbohydrates
52.3
g protein
154
mg cholesterol
1100
mg sodium.
