URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274233/keto-fried-chicken/
Title:
Keto Fried Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F6708735.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (10 ounce) boneless, skinless chicken breast
salt to taste
1 tablespoon blanched almond flour
½ cup blanched almond flour
¼ cup freshly grated Grana Padano cheese
½ teaspoon salt, or as needed
½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
½ teaspoon granulated garlic
½ teaspoon paprika
1  large egg
2 tablespoons milk
¼ cup avocado oil for frying, or as needed
1  lemon, quartered

Directions:
Remove chicken breast from the fridge 20 minutes before preparing the dish. Cut into 4 equal portions. Place each chicken piece in between plastic wrap and pound with a meat tenderizer to 1/4-inch thickness. Lightly salt chicken on both sides and dust with 1 tablespoon almond flour.
Combine 1/2 cup almond flour, Grana Padano cheese, 1/2 teaspoon salt, pepper, garlic, and paprika in a shallow bowl. Break egg into a second shallow bowl and whisk in milk. Dip each chicken piece first in egg mixture, shaking off excess, then into the almond mixture, pressing down to insure complete coverage. Place breaded chicken pieces on a plate.
Pour enough avocado oil into a large skillet to cover the bottom by a 1/4-inch. Heat over medium-high heat until it shimmers but is not smoking. Carefully lower each piece of chicken into the hot oil and cook for 2 minutes. Turn and cook on the other side until internal temperature reaches 165 degrees F (74 degrees C), about 2 more minutes. Drain chicken on a paper towel-lined plate and serve with lemon wedges.

Submitter: 
Bren
Description: 
This quick and easy fried chicken recipe is perfect for the keto diet. Chicken breast is pounded thin and breaded in a seasoned almond flour coating and fried in avocado oil.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
20 mins
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
485 calories
29.1
g fat
15.7
g carbohydrates
45.3
g protein
184
mg cholesterol
926
mg sodium.
