URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274293/savory-western-crepes/
Title:
Savory Western Crepes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6732798.jpg
Ingredients:
Crepe Batter:
1 1/2 cups milk
1 cup all-purpose flour
2 large eggs
2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro
1 tablespoon melted butter
2 teaspoons chile-garlic sauce (such as Sriracha®)
Crepe Filling:
8 large eggs
1/4 cup milk
1/2 cup shredded Cheddar cheese
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 teaspoon olive oil
1/3 cup diced onion
1/3 cup diced red bell pepper
3 tablespoons diced jalapeno pepper (optional)
1/2 cup chopped ham
2 tablespoons melted butter, or as needed, divided

Directions:
Combine milk, flour, eggs, cilantro, melted butter, and chile-garlic sauce in a blender. Blend until smooth and very thin, about 1 minute. Set batter aside to rest for at least 30 minutes.
Heat a crepe pan or small skillet over medium heat. Brush 1 tablespoon melted butter into the pan using a pastry brush and add 1/2 cup of crepe batter. Pick up the pan, tipping and rotating so batter forms a round shape and evenly coats the entire bottom of the pan. Return the pan to the burner and cook until small brown spots appear on the bottom of the crepe, 1 to 2 minutes.
Loosen crepe carefully using a spatula and gently flip it to brown the other side; cook for 30 to 60 seconds. Slide cooked crepe onto a plate. Repeat to cook additional crepes, adding more butter if needed, and stacking crepes on top of the first.
Whisk eggs and milk in a large bowl until well blended. Stir in Cheddar cheese, salt, and pepper.
Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add onion, bell pepper, and jalapeno pepper and cook until tender, about 3 minutes. Stir in ham and continue cooking for another 2 minutes. Reduce heat to low and stir 1 tablespoon melted butter into the skillet. Add egg mixture and cook, stirring until eggs are scrambled and wet, but no longer runny, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from heat.
Spoon about 1/4 cup of the egg mixture across the lower 1/3 of a crepe and roll up like a jelly roll. Repeat with remaining crepes and filling.

Submitter: 
lutzflcat
Description: 
Crepes are a nice way to style up breakfast, brunch, or breakfast-for-dinner. You'll have all the awesome flavors of a Western omelet (also known as a Denver omelet) tucked inside a flavorful crepe. Garnish with salsa, sour cream, and additional Cheddar cheese.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Crepes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
528 calories
30.9
g fat
33.2
g carbohydrates
28.8
g protein
520
mg cholesterol
711
mg sodium.
