URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274227/instant-pot-chocolate-cherry-cheesecake/
Title:
Instant Pot® Chocolate Cherry Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6724488.jpg
Ingredients:
6 ounces chocolate cookie crumbs
cooking spray
2 tablespoons melted butter
Cheesecake Batter:
2 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese, at room temperature
2 eggs
2/3 cup white sugar
1/2 cup vanilla and honey Greek yogurt, at room temperature
2 tablespoons cornstarch
1 tablespoon black onyx cocoa powder (from Savory Spice Shop®)
1/4 cup miniature semisweet chocolate chips
1/2 cup morello cherries, sliced in half and drained

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Pulse the chocolate wafers in a blender until finely ground. Spray the bottom of a cheesecake pan with cooking spray. Pour crumbs into the bottom of the pan and pour melted butter on top. Mix and lightly press crust over the bottom of the pan and slightly up the edges.
Bake crust in the preheated oven until lightly browned, about 8 minutes. Remove from oven and cool completely.
Combine cream cheese, eggs, sugar, yogurt, cornstarch, and cocoa powder in a bowl; beat with an electric blender until creamy. Fold in mini chocolate chips.
Pour some of the cheesecake filling into the cooled crust. Top with a handful of sliced morello cherries. Repeat layers until all cherries and filling have been added.
Pour 1/2 cup of water into a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)). Add an elevated rack and set cheesecake pan on top of the rack. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 31 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 12 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Remove cheesecake and let cool. Cover and refrigerate before serving, 8 hours to overnight.

Submitter: 
thedailygourmet
Description: 
This decadent chocolate cherry cheesecake is made extra creamy by using Greek yogurt. The crust is prebaked and the cheesecake is then steamed in the Instant Pot®.
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Cherry Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
9 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
445 calories
28.9
g fat
41
g carbohydrates
8.5
g protein
117
mg cholesterol
332
mg sodium.
