URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274393/pineapple-chicken-teriyaki/
Title:
Pineapple Chicken Teriyaki Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/6844997.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup water
¼ cup soy sauce
5 tablespoons soy sauce
1 tablespoon dark molasses
½ tablespoon fresh ground ginger
1 teaspoon minced garlic
¼ cup water
2 tablespoons cornstarch
3 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 tablespoon minced garlic
1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, or to taste
3 large chicken breasts, cut into bite-sized pieces
1 (16 ounce) package frozen oriental-style vegetables
1 (8 ounce) can sliced water chestnuts
1 (8 ounce) can pineapple tidbits in juice, drained and juice reserved
1 tablespoon cornstarch
⅛ teaspoon sesame oil

Directions:
Combine water, 1/4 cup plus 5 tablespoons soy sauce, molasses, ginger, and garlic in a saucepan and bring to a gentle boil, about 5 minutes. Combine water and cornstarch in a bowl; add to saucepan and stir until slightly thickened, about 3 minutes. Set sauce aside.
Heat oil in a large wok or frying pan over medium heat until sizzling. Add garlic, red pepper flakes, and chicken. Cook until chicken is no longer pink inside, 5 to 7 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and set aside. Add frozen vegetables and water chestnuts to wok and cook until heated through, about 10 minutes. Add drained pineapple and prepared sauce; bring mixture to a simmer, about 5 minutes.
Meanwhile, combine reserved pineapple juice and cornstarch in a small bowl. Add mixture to wok and stir until slightly thickened, about 1 minute. Remove from heat and quickly stir in sesame oil.

Submitter: 
Margaret Parrish
Description: 
I love Japanese chicken teriyaki, but I find most recipes lack a little pizzazz. This recipe has even the most finicky of eaters in my household cleaning their plates and coming back for seconds. Serve with steamed rice.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
50 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
390 calories
17.6
g fat
36.1
g carbohydrates
23.5
g protein
65
mg cholesterol
1604
mg sodium.
