URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274344/feta-brined-chicken-breasts/
Title:
Feta-Brined Chicken Breasts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/6744326.jpg
Ingredients:
4  skinless, boneless chicken breasts
2 sprigs fresh oregano
1 sprig fresh rosemary
2 ounces feta cheese in brine, with 2 ounces of brine reserved
1 cup water
1 clove garlic
2 tablespoons olive oil
freshly cracked black pepper to taste
4 slices lemon

Directions:
Pound chicken to an even 1-inch thickness and place in a gallon-sized resealable bag.
Lightly crush oregano and rosemary sprigs using the back of a knife or a meat mallet so they are lightly bruised but still whole. Place on top of chicken.
Combine feta cheese, reserved brine, water, and garlic in a blender and process until smooth. Pour brine mixture over chicken, seal the bag, and refrigerate for 8 hours to overnight.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Remove chicken from brine and pat dry. Brush with olive oil place in a large baking dish. Season with black pepper and place a lemon slice on each breast.
Bake in the preheated oven until chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 22 to 25 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).

Submitter: 
France C
Description: 
The secret to these moist and tender chicken breasts is the feta brine. Not only does the brine prevent the breasts from drying out, the feta adds a subtle, tangy yet fresh flavor. This also works well with bone-in, skin-on chicken pieces, but be sure to adjust the cooking time accordingly. Bruising the herbs releases their lovely aromatic oils without having to worry about picking the bits off the chicken when done brining.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
8 hrs 45 mins
Number of servings: 
8 hrs
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
233 calories
12.7
g fat
2.6
g carbohydrates
26.8
g protein
80
mg cholesterol
219
mg sodium.
