URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274378/texan-peach-salsa/
Title:
Texan Peach Salsa Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/666900.jpg
Ingredients:
8 cups tomatoes, chopped
6 yellow jalapenos, chopped
5 Hungarian wax peppers, chopped and seeded
4 fresh peaches - peeled, pitted, and chopped
1/3 large white onion, chopped
3 cups white vinegar
6 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano leaves
4 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves
4 tablespoons ground cumin
2 tablespoons white sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons salt

Directions:
Bring a large pot of water to boil. Place tomatoes in the boiling water and boil for 5 minutes. Transfer tomatoes to a pot of cold water. Drain, peel, core, and chop cooled tomatoes.
Combine tomatoes with their juices, jalapenos, wax peppers, peaches, onion, vinegar, oregano, cilantro, cumin, sugar, and salt in a large pot. Bring to a rolling boil; reduce heat and let simmer for 20 minutes, breaking up some of the tomato chunks to create more juice using an immersion blender halfway through cooking time.
Meanwhile, inspect 7 pint-sized jars for cracks and rings for rust, discarding any defective ones. Immerse in simmering water until salsa is ready. Wash new, unused lids and rings in warm soapy water.
Pack salsa into hot, sterilized jars, filling to within 1/2 inch of the top. Run a clean knife or thin spatula around the insides of the jars to remove any air bubbles. Wipe rims with a moist paper towel to remove any residue. Top with lids and screw rings on tightly.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars 2 inches apart into the boiling water using a holder. Pour in more boiling water to cover jars by at least 1 inch. Bring to a rolling boil, cover, and process for 35 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and let rest, several inches apart, for 12 to 24 hours. Press the center of each lid with a finger to ensure the lid does not move up or down. Remove the rings for storage and store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
uhiggs
Description: 
In this world-class salsa, Texas peaches are combined with tomatoes, Hungarian wax peppers, yellow jalapenos, and spices.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
14 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
112
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
6 calories
0.1
g fat
1.2
g carbohydrates
0.2
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
32
mg sodium.
