URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274384/mushroom-and-chicken-crepe-packets/
Title:
Mushroom and Chicken Crepe Packets Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/6775283.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup milk
⅔ cup all-purpose flour
3  eggs
½ teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon butter, or as needed
3 cups sliced fresh mushrooms
4 tablespoons chopped onion
2 cloves garlic, minced
½ cup ricotta cheese
2 tablespoons cream cheese
2 cups chopped rotisserie chicken meat
salt and ground black pepper to taste
½ cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese
1 tablespoon butter
1 tablespoon all-purpose flour
1 cup chicken broth
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley

Directions:
Combine milk, flour, eggs, and salt in an electric blender; blend until smooth. Set crepe batter aside for at least 30 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9x13-inch baking pan.
Melt butter in a medium-sized skillet over medium heat. Pour 2 tablespoons of batter into the skillet and immediately rotate the skillet to spread batter out in a thin layer. Cook until the top of the crepe is no longer wet and the bottom has turned light brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Run a spatula around the edge of the skillet to loosen crepe; flip crepe and cook until the other side has turned light brown, about 1 minute more. Transfer crepe to a plate and continue with remaining batter.
Heat another skillet over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms and onion and saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and saute until flavor releases, about 30 seconds. Stir in ricotta cheese and cream cheese until melted and well blended, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in chicken and season with salt and pepper.
Spread a heaping tablespoon of Parmesan cheese in the middle of each crepe. Spoon 1/4 cup of the chicken-mushroom mixture onto each crepe. Fold sides in to make a packet. Place the crepes folded-side-down in the prepared baking pan.
Bake in the preheated oven until golden and bubbling, about 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Stir in flour and cook for 1 minute. Pour in chicken broth and cook until slightly thickened, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in parsley. Remove crepe packets from the oven; spoon gravy on top.

Submitter: 
Deb C
Description: 
This crepe recipe is a good use for your leftover rotisserie chicken.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
8 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.25
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 35 mins
Number of servings: 
30 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
269 calories
13.7
g fat
21.5
g carbohydrates
15.6
g protein
145
mg cholesterol
753
mg sodium.
