URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274377/golden-tomato-and-peach-salsa/
Title:
Golden Tomato and Peach Salsa Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
10 cups chopped yellow tomatoes, any discolored skins removed
1 large sweet onion, minced
1 cup white sugar
1/2 cup minced roasted chiles, seeds and skins removed
1/2 cup white wine vinegar
1 tablespoon canning salt
1 tablespoon ground cumin
3 teaspoons fresh fruit preserver
4 cups peeled, pitted, and chopped peaches
1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro (optional)

Directions:
Combine tomatoes, onion, sugar, chiles, vinegar, canning salt, cumin, and fruit preserver in a large stockpot. Add peaches last to prevent discoloration; toss with other ingredients to combine. Heat over high heat and cook salsa at a high boil for 30 minutes.
While salsa boils, inspect 8 pint jars for cracks and rings for rust, discarding any defective ones. Immerse in simmering water until salsa is ready. Wash new, unused lids and rings in warm soapy water.
Remove salsa from heat. Let cool slightly, about 10 minutes. Strain salsa mixture using a fine-mesh strainer over a separate bowl or pot. Add only enough liquid to cover. Stir in cilantro.
Pack salsa into hot, sterilized jars, filling to within 1/2 inch of the top. Run a clean knife or thin spatula around the insides of the jars to remove any air bubbles. Wipe rims with a moist paper towel to remove any residue. Top with lids and screw rings on tightly.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water. Bring to a boil and lower jars 2 inches apart into the boiling water using a holder. Pour in more boiling water to cover jars by at least 1 inch. Bring to a rolling boil, cover, and process for 30 minutes.
Remove the jars from the stockpot and let rest, several inches apart, for 12 to 24 hours. Press the center of each lid with a finger to ensure the lid does not move up or down. Remove the rings for storage and store in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
Karen Barris Calabro
Description: 
This golden sweet and mild salsa is a great solution for those heirloom yellow or orange tomatoes and combines well with peaches, which are being harvested at the same time. It is a favorite of the kids who are not always fond of typical salsas and shy from spicy foods. It also makes an excellent gift as a unique canned good.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
14 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
256
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
5 calories
0
g fat
1.3
g carbohydrates
0.1
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
28
mg sodium.
