URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274305/annies-award-winning-baked-beans/
Title:
Annie's Award-Winning Baked Beans Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
For cooking dried beans:
3 smoked ham hocks, or more to taste
1 large onion, diced
1 stalk celery, chopped
2 large bay leaves
1 tablespoon minced garlic, or to taste
1 teaspoon liquid smoke flavoring (optional)
1 teaspoon dried basil
1/2 teaspoon ground thyme
1/2 teaspoon dried rubbed sage
salt and ground black pepper to taste
3 cups dried pinto beans, sorted and rinsed
To add after beans are cooked:
1 (12 ounce) package bacon, cut into 1-inch pieces
1 large onion, diced small
1 (15.5 ounce) can crushed pineapple
3/4 cup brown sugar, or less to taste
2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce
1 tablespoon steak sauce (such as A1®)
1 tablespoon good steak sauce
1 1/2 teaspoons minced garlic, or to taste
1 teaspoon liquid smoke flavoring (optional)
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Fill a large pot 3/4 full with water. Use a sharp knife to cut 3 or 4 slits evenly spaced through skin on ham hocks. Add ham hocks, onion, celery, bay leaves, garlic, liquid smoke, basil, thyme, sage, salt, and pepper to the water and bring to a good boil for 1 hour.
Add beans to the pot. Return to a boil and cook gently until beans are tender, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Check liquid level often and add more water if necessary.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Place bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain bacon on paper towels. Transfer bacon to a large bowl and add onion.
Use a slotted spoon to dip beans and ham hocks out of the water and into a 9x13-inch baking pan. Reserve liquid from the beans. Clean all meat off of the ham hocks, discard bones, and add meat to the bowl with the bacon and onions.
Mix in pineapple, brown sugar, and Worcestershire sauce. Stir in steak sauce, good steak sauce, and garlic. Add liquid smoke, salt, and black pepper; mix until completely incorporated. Fold in bacon mixture. Adjust seasonings if necessary. Pour bean mixture into the baking pan and add some reserved bean liquid over beans if necessary.
Bake in the preheated oven until beans are hot and bubbly all around the edges, about 30 minutes.

Submitter: 
Kitten
Description: 
This recipe won me first place in a baked bean cook-off at the Western Idaho State Fair. They start with dried beans, so give yourself some extra time. Kind of sweet and savory and yummy.
Categories:
Side Dish
Beans and Peas
Baked Beans

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
3 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
446 calories
15.8
g fat
53.3
g carbohydrates
22.9
g protein
44
mg cholesterol
348
mg sodium.
