URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274340/instant-pot-moroccan-chicken-tagine/
Title:
Instant Pot® Moroccan Chicken Tagine Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6741502.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons minced fresh garlic
1 1/4 teaspoons paprika
3/4 teaspoon ground ginger
3/4 teaspoon ground turmeric
1/8 teaspoon saffron powder
1 1/2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into bite-sized pieces
1 preserved lemon
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
2 tablespoons butter
2 medium red onions, sliced
1 cinnamon stick
1 cup pitted and halved Mediterranean olives
1 cup chicken broth
1 tablespoon chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley
1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro

Directions:
Combine garlic, paprika, ginger, turmeric, and saffron in a large bowl. Add chicken pieces and mix until coated with spices. Cover and refrigerate, 3 to 4 hours or overnight.
Cut preserved lemon into quarters. Remove pulp from the peel and remove seeds from pulp. Mince pulp and set aside. Cut lemon peel into strips and set aside.
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) and select Saute function. Heat olive oil and butter in the cooker; add chicken. Cook chicken until browned, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer chicken to a plate, reserving drippings in the pot.
Place onions and lemon pulp into the hot pot and cook, stirring occasionally, until onions have softened, about 5 minutes. Add cinnamon stick, place chicken on top, and scatter olives and lemon peel over the chicken. Pour in chicken broth. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 10 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 10 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid carefully, turning it away from you. Transfer contents to a large serving bowl. Sprinkle with parsley and cilantro and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Kim's Cooking Now
Description: 
Your Instant Pot® replaces the traditional clay or ceramic cone-shaped cooking pot used in Moroccan cuisine (the tagine). The word 'tagine' also refers to the slow-cooked, stew-like dish that is prepared in it. This chicken tagine features the authentic flavors of preserved lemons and olives, with a delicious combination of spices typically used in Moroccan cooking.
Categories:
World Cuisine
African
North African
Moroccan

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.75
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
4 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
257 calories
13.8
g fat
8.7
g carbohydrates
24.6
g protein
76
mg cholesterol
2538
mg sodium.
