URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274371/marinated-flank-steak-with-horseradish-cream/
Title:
Marinated Flank Steak with Horseradish Cream Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6803231.jpg
Ingredients:
Steak:
1/2 cup low-sodium soy sauce
1/2 cup dry sherry
1/2 onion, finely chopped
2 tablespoons olive oil
2 tablespoons brown sugar
1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh rosemary
1 tablespoon minced garlic
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 (1 1/2-pound) flank steak
Sauce:
1/2 cup sour cream
3 green onions, finely chopped
2 tablespoons prepared horseradish
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Combine soy sauce, sherry, onion, olive oil, brown sugar, rosemary, garlic, and pepper in a bowl and mix well. Pierce flanks steak throughout using a large fork, flip, and repeat. Place steak in a plastic zip-top bag and pour in marinade to cover. Marinate in the refrigerator, 8 hours to overnight.
Combine sour cream, green onions, horseradish, salt, and pepper in a bowl. Cover and refrigerate sauce until ready to use, up to 24 hours.
Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil the grate.
Drain steak and pour marinade into a small saucepan. Bring marinade to a boil over high heat and boil for 1 minute. Remove from heat. Season steak with pepper.
Cook steak on the preheated grill to desired doneness, basting occasionally with marinade, about 5 minutes per side for medium doneness. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 140 degrees F (60 degrees C).
Transfer steak to a plate and let rest for 15 minutes. Cut across the grain into thin diagonal slices. Serve hot or at room temperature with horseradish sauce.

Submitter: 
Saveur
Description: 
This is a summer grilling masterpiece! I like to serve flank steak slices on a pretty platter and top with blistered cherry tomatoes. Garnish the platter with rosemary sprigs and be prepared to wow your guests.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Beef
Steaks
Flank Steak

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
8 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
356 calories
19
g fat
20.2
g carbohydrates
23.7
g protein
53
mg cholesterol
1366
mg sodium.
