URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274430/mongolian-beef-and-broccoli/
Title:
Mongolian Beef and Broccoli Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
3 cups water, divided
1 cup uncooked white rice
1 pound broccoli florets
1 pound trimmed skirt steak
1/4 cup cornstarch
2 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar
2 tablespoons reduced-sodium soy sauce
2 tablespoons reduced-sodium teriyaki sauce
2 tablespoons Sriracha sauce
2 tablespoons sweet paprika
1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger
1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil
1/8 teaspoon garlic powder
1/4 cup chopped scallions, white parts only
2 (8 ounce) cans sliced water chestnuts, drained
3 tablespoons vegetable oil, or more as needed
1/3 cup chopped scallions, green parts only
1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, or to taste

Directions:
Bring 2 cups water and rice to a boil in a saucepan. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until rice is tender and water has been absorbed, 20 to 25 minutes.
While rice cooks, add 1/2 cup water to a pot and bring to a boil. Add a steamer insert and place broccoli in the pot. Cover and simmer until lightly steamed, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a platter in a single layer, uncovered, so florets remain bright green and do not continue cooking from their own residual heat.
Slice the long strip of skirt steak into 2-inch long pieces. Cut those pieces across the grain (for tenderness) and on the bias (for width) into slices that are about 1/4-inch thick. Place beef into a mixing bowl and sprinkle in cornstarch. Stir to coat thoroughly, unfolding any folded slices. Let meat rest for 10 minutes.
Whisk together 1/2 cup water, brown sugar, soy sauce, teriyaki sauce, Sriracha sauce, paprika, ginger, sesame oil, and garlic powder in a large saucepan. Stir in white parts of scallions and water chestnuts. Heat just to boiling, then reduce to a slow simmer. Stir sauce frequently until reduced and thickened, 5 to 10 minutes.
While sauce thickens, heat a large nonstick frying pan until sizzling. Add oil and heat until shimmering. Shake excess cornstarch from beef and place 1/2 of them into the pan without crowding. Cook briefly on both sides until they just start to brown, 3 to 4 minutes; do not cook fully. Transfer to a plate and cook remaining slices, adding oil if needed.
Transfer all beef to the simmering sauce and stir to coat. Simmer to finish cooking the beef, 2 to 3 minutes, making sure not to overcook. Stir in broccoli and green parts of scallions. Heat 1 minute longer.
Serve immediately over cooked rice. Let diners add crushed red pepper flakes as they wish.

Submitter: 
Doug in Manhattan
Description: 
This is a mashup of two familiar restaurant dishes, Mongolian Beef and Beef with Broccoli, using skirt steak, one of the beefiest cuts of beef.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
574 calories
19.6
g fat
78.8
g carbohydrates
23
g protein
25
mg cholesterol
1015
mg sodium.
