URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274480/mashed-potato-cinnamon-rolls/
Title:
Mashed Potato Cinnamon Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 cups warm milk
1 cup mashed potatoes
2/3 cup shortening
2/3 cup white sugar
2 eggs
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 tablespoons active dry yeast
7 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, or as needed
1/2 cup brown sugar, or as needed
2 tablespoons milk, or as needed
1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, or to taste
1/2 cup raisins, or to taste (optional)
Frosting:
2 cups brown sugar
1 cup butter, melted
1/2 cup milk
3 cups confectioners' sugar, or more as needed

Directions:
Mix warm milk, mashed potatoes, shortening, white sugar, eggs, and salt together using an electric mixer in a large mixing bowl. Sprinkle yeast over mixture and stir gently until yeast is dissolved and well mixed.
Add flour 2 cups at a time to milk mixture using an electric mixer until dough becomes thick. Set aside mixer and add flour gradually, kneading dough on a work surface by hand until it is smooth and no longer wet and sticky. Place dough back into the mixing bowl and cover with a wet cloth. Set in a warm place until dough has doubled in size, about 1 hour.
Roll 1/2 of the dough out onto a floured surface into a rectangle shape, about 1/2-inch thick. Repeat with remaining dough. Mix brown sugar and enough milk to make a paste together in a small bowl. Smooth paste evenly across both dough rectangles and sprinkle generously with cinnamon. Sprinkle with raisins.
Roll dough rectangles up and slice into 1 1/2-inch sections. Place rolls into 7 greased pie pans, gently pressing down using your fingers to squish into pans. Set rolls in a warm place until puffy, 30 minutes to 1 hour.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bake rolls in the preheated oven until light brown, 10 to 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, bring brown sugar and butter to a boil over low heat in a saucepan, stirring constantly, for 2 minutes. Stir in milk and return to a boil. Remove from heat and let cool to lukewarm temperature, about 5 minutes. Gradually add powdered sugar until thickened. Beat using an electric mixer until it reaches a spreading consistency, adding warm water or additional milk if frosting gets stiff.
Remove rolls from the oven and let cool, 10 to 15 minutes. Frost and serve.

Submitter: 
vonn
Description: 
From an old family recipe, these mashed potato cinnamon rolls taste best the same day they are baked. We like to make a batch on school-cancelled snow days to eat and share with our neighbors.
Categories:
Bread
Yeast Bread

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
2 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
40
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
282 calories
8.9
g fat
47.8
g carbohydrates
3.7
g protein
22
mg cholesterol
150
mg sodium.
