URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274417/firecracker-shrimp-roll-with-crab-aioli/
Title:
Firecracker Shrimp Roll with Crab Aioli Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6792139.jpg
Ingredients:
For the Crab Aioli:
1 cup mayonnaise
1 cup lump crabmeat
2 cloves garlic, finely crushed
salt to taste
1 pinch cayenne pepper
1/4 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice
1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon
2 pounds shrimp, peeled and deveined
For the Soak:
1 cup buttermilk
2 teaspoons hot sauce
1 teaspoon ground chipotle pepper
2 teaspoons cayenne pepper
1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
2 teaspoons kosher salt
For the Breading:
1 cup all-purpose flour
1/3 cup cornmeal
2 teaspoons paprika
2 teaspoons kosher salt
6 soft sandwich rolls
2 cups thinly sliced romaine lettuce
canola oil for frying
1 pinch cayenne pepper

Directions:
Combine mayonnaise, crab, garlic, salt, cayenne, Worcestershire sauce, lemon juice, and tarragon in a bowl for the crab aioli. Stir to combine and refrigerate until needed.
Remove tails from shrimp and keep chilled until ready to use.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Whisk buttermilk, hot sauce, chipotle pepper, cayenne, black pepper, and salt together in a bowl.
Mix flour, cornmeal, paprika, and salt together in a shallow dish for the breading.
Slice partway through each sandwich roll, splitting it open. Scoop out some bread from the top to make room for the filling.
Toast rolls in the preheated oven until crisp, 7 to 10 minutes.
Soak shrimp in the buttermilk mixture for about 5 minutes.
Heat oil in a pan over medium-high heat. Spread crab aioli generously over both sides of each roll; top with sliced lettuce.
Toss shrimp in the breading to coat; shake off any excess. Fry shrimp in the hot oil until golden brown and crispy, about 2 minutes per side. Drain on a paper towel-lined plate and immediately transfer shrimp onto the rolls. Sprinkle cayenne pepper on top.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
Inspired by a shrimp po'boy with crab mayo seen on 'Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives,' I decided to do an extra spicy version and give it a 4th of July-friendly name. The result is an explosively flavored combination of hot, crunchy shrimp and cold crabby mayo. This was one of the best things I've had in a long time, and that's after eating it barely warm; for best results, though, be sure to enjoy this just as soon as it's safe to eat, in all its crunchy glory.
Categories:
Seafood
Shellfish
Crab

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
993 calories
60.8
g fat
73.5
g carbohydrates
40.8
g protein
237
mg cholesterol
2393
mg sodium.
