URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274423/teriyaki-chicken-and-rice-balls/
Title:
Teriyaki Chicken and Rice Balls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6866344.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 pounds chicken tenders
1/4 teaspoon kosher salt
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
4 tablespoons brown sugar
2 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce
1 1/2 tablespoons mirin
1/2 tablespoon grated fresh ginger
1 teaspoon cornstarch
1 (8.8 ounce) pouch UNCLE BEN'S® READY RICE® Jasmine
2 tablespoons water
1 1/2 tablespoons rice vinegar
1 tablespoon furikake (seaweed and sesame rice seasoning)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Sprinkle chicken evenly with salt and pepper. Skewer tenders individually and place on a foil-lined baking sheet. In a small bowl, whisk together sugar, soy sauce, mirin, ginger, and cornstarch. Divide sauce evenly into 2 small bowls.
Brush 1 bowl of soy and mirin mixture evenly over chicken tenders. Place the baking sheet in the oven and cook 8 to 10 minutes, until tenders are cooked through. Remove chicken from oven and brush remaining bowl of soy and mirin mixture evenly over cooked tenders.
Empty rice into a small saucepan, add 2 tablespoons water, and cook on medium until heated through, breaking up with a spoon and adding 1 to 2 tablespoons water, if needed. Transfer rice to a medium bowl and let cool slightly; add vinegar and mash with a fork until the rice is sticky.
With wet hands, press and squeeze a heaping tablespoon of rice into a ball. Repeat until all rice is used (about 8 rice balls). Sprinkle rice balls evenly with furikake, gently pressing seasoning into rice. Serve with chicken tenders.

Submitter: 
Uncle Ben's
Description: 
This family-friendly recipe is a great way to get the kids in the kitchen: while you stir together the quick, healthy DIY teriyaki sauce, the kids can can help make the rice balls. This recipe is also one that you can make ahead and pack for a picnic, lunch, or on-the-road meal. If you prefer to use a microwave instead of the stove in Step 3, simply follow the instructions on the rice package.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
UNCLE BEN'S&#174;

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
