URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274549/stuffed-poblano-peppers/
Title:
Stuffed Poblano Peppers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7383375.jpg
Ingredients:
4 fresh poblano peppers
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 onion, diced
1 clove garlic, minced
1 pound lean ground beef
1 tablespoon chili powder
1 teaspoon ground cumin
salt and ground black pepper to taste
4 thin slices shredded Cheddar cheese
slice shredded Monterey Jack cheese
1 (15 ounce) can enchilada sauce (such as Hatch®)
aluminum foil
1/4 cup grated Cheddar cheese

Directions:
Turn a gas stove burner to high. Hold poblano peppers directly on the flame with a pair of tongs and turn until skins are charred. Let peppers cool. Leaving peppers as close to whole as possible, remove skins, seeds, membranes, and stems.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat; stir in onion and garlic. Cook and stir until onion is soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add ground beef; cook and stir beef in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Mix in chili pepper, cumin, salt, and pepper.
Place peppers in a nonstick casserole dish. Insert a slice of Cheddar cheese and a slice of Monterey Jack cheese into each pepper. Spoon some ground beef mixture into each pepper. Place the remaining beef on top of the peppers, and cover with enchilada sauce. Cover with aluminum foil.
Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Remove the foil and sprinkle grated Cheddar cheese on top of the peppers. Bake until peppers are bubbly and fragrant, another 45 minutes.

Submitter: 
Laura Trowbridge
Description: 
My brother gave this recipe to me and we love it. If you are on a low-carb diet, this is awesome. Serve with refried beans and Mexican rice for a delicious meal. This is also great with chicken and green enchilada sauce mixed with sour cream.
Categories:
Main Dish

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.75
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
447 calories
28.9
g fat
18.8
g carbohydrates
29
g protein
91
mg cholesterol
541
mg sodium.
