URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274514/sofrito-chicken-and-cauliflower-rice/
Title:
Sofrito Chicken and Cauliflower Rice Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F6799492.jpg
Ingredients:
2  bone-in, skin-on chicken breasts
1 teaspoon sazon seasoning
½ teaspoon chili powder
ground black pepper to taste
2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
½ cup prepared sofrito
2 tablespoons tomato paste
½ teaspoon ground cumin
½ cup chicken stock
1 pound frozen riced cauliflower, thawed and drained
1 cup frozen green peas, thawed (optional)
½ teaspoon salt, or to taste

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Pat chicken breasts dry with a paper towel. Combine sazon seasoning, chili powder, and pepper in a small bowl. Season each chicken breast with sazon spice mix, making sure to get some seasoning under the skin as well as on the outside.
Heat a 10-inch skillet over medium-high heat. Add olive oil to the hot pan, and place chicken breasts skin-side down in the skillet. Brown chicken, about 4 minutes. When skin is brown, move chicken to a plate. Add sofrito, tomato paste, and cumin to the same skillet and cook, stirring, for 1 to 2 minutes. Add chicken stock and bring to a boil. Stir in riced cauliflower and nestle chicken down into the mixture. Cover.
Bake in the preheated oven for 25 minutes. Stir in peas and salt, and bake, uncovered, until the chicken is no longer pink at the bone, the juices run clear, and most of the liquid has cooked down, 15 to 20 minutes more. An instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Serve hot.

Submitter: 
Bibi
Description: 
I found some ready-made sofrito in the freezer section of a grocery and I also found a homemade version of it at a Latin American grocery in the refrigerator case. Peppers, onions, garlic, tomatoes, and cilantro are processed into tiny pieces and form this recipe base. Try this easy sofrito chicken and cauli-rice for dinner, soon! Garnish with capers and fresh parsley.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
2 Ratings
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
863 calories
42.8
g fat
16.5
g carbohydrates
100.7
g protein
254
mg cholesterol
1429
mg sodium.
