URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274599/stir-fried-ginger-pineapple-chicken/
Title:
Stir-Fried Ginger Pineapple Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F6795314.jpg
Ingredients:
¼ cup coconut aminos (soy-free seasoning sauce)
1 (2 inch) piece fresh ginger, peeled and minced
3 cloves garlic, minced
2 tablespoons sesame oil
2 tablespoons rice vinegar
1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives
1 teaspoon salt
⅛ teaspoon white pepper
1 ½ pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into bite-sized pieces
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
½  onion, quartered and separated into pieces
1  red bell pepper, cut in 1-inch pieces
1  green bell pepper, cut in 1-inch pieces
1 (20 ounce) can pineapple chunks in juice, drained, juice reserved
¾ cup chicken stock
2 tablespoons arrowroot powder
2 cups cooked jasmine rice for serving, or as needed
½ cup coarsely chopped raw cashews (optional)

Directions:
Combine coconut aminos, ginger, garlic, sesame oil, rice vinegar, chives, salt, and white pepper in a 1-gallon resealable plastic bag. Add chicken to marinade and let sit at room temperature while you prepare the vegetables.
Heat a large skillet or wok over medium-high heat. Add oil to hot skillet and heat until it shimmers. Add onion and red and green bell peppers. Stir-fry until vegetables are tender-crisp, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove vegetables from skillet and set aside.
Add chicken and marinade to the same skillet and cook until chicken is white and the juices run clear, about 5 minutes. Add vegetables and drained pineapple back to the skillet and stir-fry for 3 minutes.
Pour in reserved pineapple juice and stir in arrowroot powder quickly until mixture boils and the sauce thickens, about 2 minutes.
Serve over hot rice and garnish with chopped cashews.

Submitter: 
Bibi
Description: 
This is an Asian-style stir-fry recipe with no added sugar. Its sweetness comes from canned pineapple in its own juice. If you serve it with cauli-rice, it's grain-free, too!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
35 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
665 calories
25.8
g fat
65.6
g carbohydrates
42.4
g protein
97
mg cholesterol
1275
mg sodium.
