URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274515/one-pot-peruvian-arroz-con-pollo/
Title:
One-Pot Peruvian Arroz con Pollo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/6789674.jpg
Ingredients:
4  chicken drumsticks, or more to taste
4  bone-in chicken thighs, or more to taste
3 tablespoons garlic salt
1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more to taste
½ teaspoon cumin, divided
1 bunch fresh cilantro
water as needed
1  yellow chile pepper, roughly chopped
2 cubes chicken bouillon
2 cloves garlic, whole
¼ cup vegetable oil
1  red onion, finely chopped
1/4 teaspoon bijol (for color)
4 cups uncooked long grain rice, washed and drained
2 cloves garlic, minced
1  red bell pepper, chopped, for garnish

Directions:
Combine chicken drumsticks, chicken thighs, garlic salt, pepper, and 1/4 teaspoon cumin in a bowl. Set aside to marinate.
Cover cilantro with cold water and soak for 15 to 30 minutes. Rinse, drain, and roughly chop.
Combine chopped cilantro, yellow chile pepper, bouillon cubes, garlic cloves, and about 1/3 cup of water in a blender. Use just enough water to get the mixture moving. Blend until smooth.
Heat oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium-high heat and brown chicken on all sides, about 5 minutes. Add onion and bijol and cook, stirring occasionally, until onion is soft, about 5 minutes. Turn up heat and add cilantro mixture and 2 cups of water. Simmer until chicken is cooked through and liquid has reduced, about 15 minutes. Remove chicken.
Check liquid level in pot which should be around 4 cups. Add the same amount of rice to the liquid, about 4 cups. If you don't have enough liquid, add more water. If there is too much liquid, pour out the surplus.
When you have the same amounts of rice and liquid, add 1 extra cup of water. Add remaining 1/2 teaspoon cumin and minced garlic. Season with salt and pepper. Cover pot and bring to to boil. Reduce heat and slowly simmer until rice is fully cooked and all the liquid has been absorbed, about 20 minutes.
When rice is fully cooked, place chicken over the rice (juices first) and garnish with bell pepper. Put on lowest heat setting and heat to amalgamate flavors, about 5 minutes.

Submitter: 
Karinna Ball
Description: 
My grandmother's recipe from Peru. She doesn't put beer in it which I've heard is what you usually put in. Feel free to replace some of the water measurements with beer to your liking. Also you can add more or less yellow chili pepper depending on your spice tolerance.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 35 mins
Number of servings: 
15 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
571 calories
15.5
g fat
78.6
g carbohydrates
26.2
g protein
65
mg cholesterol
2402
mg sodium.
