URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274565/chicken-tot-pies/
Title:
Chicken Tot Pies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/6964033.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil, divided
1 ½ pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into bite-sized pieces
2 ½ cups chopped celery
1 ½ cups chopped carrot
1 cup chopped onion
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 (32 fluid ounce) container chicken stock
2 tablespoons butter
2 tablespoons whipping cream
1 teaspoon dried thyme
¾ teaspoon kosher salt
½ teaspoon ground black pepper
1 cup instant mashed potato flakes
½ cup chopped fresh Italian parsley
1 ½ pounds frozen bite-sized potato nuggets (such as Ore-Ida(<sup>&reg;</sup>) Tater Tots(<sup>&reg;</sup>))
¼ cup olive oil

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet or Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add chicken; cook, turning occasionally, until browned on all sides, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer chicken to a large bowl.
Reduce heat to medium. Add 1 tablespoon oil, celery, carrot, and onion to the skillet. Cook, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes. Add garlic; cook until fragrant, about 1 minute more.
Return chicken to skillet along with stock, butter, whipping cream, thyme, salt, and pepper. Bring to a simmer over medium-high heat, then stir in potato flakes. Cook and stir until thickened and bubbly. Stir in parsley.
Put tots in a large microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on high, stirring once per minute, until defrosted and broken up, about 5 minutes. Stir in remaining 1/4 cup oil until incorporated.
Set six 14- to 16-oz individual baking dishes on a large baking sheet. Divide chicken mixture among dishes. Top each with tots mixture, pressing down gently to flatten into a crust.
Bake in the preheated oven until filling is bubbly at the edges, about 30 minutes.
Preheat broiler to high and broil until crusts are browned and extra crisp, about 1 minute. Watch carefully to avoid burning. Let cool slightly before serving.

Submitter: 
Dan Whalen
Description: 
I tried to really push boundaries with this recipe, and breaking tots up into a pot pie crust was definitely one of my favorite unusual uses.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
5 Ratings
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 20 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
564 calories
33.4
g fat
44
g carbohydrates
28.7
g protein
82
mg cholesterol
1317
mg sodium.
