URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274663/real-southern-herbed-cornbread-stuffing/
Title:
Real Southern Herbed Cornbread Stuffing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
12 cups crumbled cornbread
1 cup butter
1 cup finely chopped onion
1 cup finely chopped apple
1 cup finely chopped celery
2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary
2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme
1 tablespoon chopped fresh marjoram
1 tablespoon salt
4 cups turkey broth, or as needed

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Place crumbled cornbread into a large bowl.
Melt butter in a skillet over medium heat and saute onion, apple, and celery until onion is soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add to crumbled cornbread. Season with sage, parsley, rosemary, thyme, marjoram, and salt. Add turkey broth 1 cup at a time and stir after each addition until stuffing is moist. Adjust turkey broth amount to your liking, less if you like the stuffing a little drier or more of you like it more moist. Place stuffing in a large baking pan.
Bake in the preheated oven for 45 minutes, turning stuffing over every 20 minutes by scraping the bottom of the pan.

Submitter: 
Jeanine Starkenberg
Description: 
Real Southern cornbread stuffing! NO bread, NO oysters, NO sausage, NO Eggs, NO Giblets. Simply the best cornbread dressing you will ever put in your mouth. This is one of those 'secret' recipes handed down from my grandmother's grandmother. It has never been written down until now, but was taught in the kitchen to each generation during the holidays while helping grandma prepare the stuffing and listening to the stories of when they were little girls in the kitchen helping their grandmas. You will not be disappointed! I get rave reviews every time I make this.
Categories:
Side Dish
Stuffing and Dressing
Cornbread Stuffing and Dressing

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
364 calories
22.4
g fat
34.7
g carbohydrates
6.4
g protein
73
mg cholesterol
1566
mg sodium.
