URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274615/mapo-tofu-tots/
Title:
Mapo Tofu Tots Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F6863970.jpg
Ingredients:
1 ¼ pounds frozen bite-sized potato nuggets (such as Tater Tots®)
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
⅛ teaspoon salt
2 tablespoons Sichuan peppercorns
½ pound ground pork
½ cup chopped onion
1 ½ tablespoons chopped red chile peppers, divided
1 tablespoon grated garlic
1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger
1 cup chicken stock
3 tablespoons Chinese cooking wine (Shaoxing wine)
2 tablespoons fermented bean paste (doubanjiang)
2 tablespoons soy sauce
1 (8 ounce) container firm tofu, cubed
1 teaspoon cornstarch
1 teaspoon water
1 tablespoon chopped green onion, or to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (260 degrees C). Arrange tots on a baking sheet. Drizzle with 1 tablespoon oil and sprinkle with salt.
Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Turn tots over, then continue baking until crispy and hot, 5 to 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, grind 1/2 of the peppercorns into a powder. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Stir in remaining whole peppercorns; cook, stirring occasionally, until oil is infused, about 5 minutes. Remove and discard whole peppercorns.
Increase heat to medium-high. Stir pork, onion, and 1 tablespoon chiles into the skillet. Cook, stirring to break up lumps, until pork is lightly browned and cooked through, about 5 minutes.
Stir in garlic and ginger; cook for 1 minute. Stir in chicken stock, wine, bean paste, soy sauce, and ground peppercorns. Add tofu and simmer, stirring occasionally, until slightly reduced, 10 to 15 minutes.
Stir cornstarch and water together in a small bowl. Stir slowly into the tofu and simmer until thickened, about 2 minutes.
Transfer tots to a serving platter and top with tofu mixture. Garnish with green onion and remaining red chile peppers.

Submitter: 
Dan Whalen
Description: 
Mapo tofu is something I tried for the first time only recently, and I was instantly hooked. The flavors are pure comfort food to me. Any dish that can be served on top of rice can easily be served on top of tots.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
55 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
545 calories
33.7
g fat
45.2
g carbohydrates
25.3
g protein
38
mg cholesterol
1965
mg sodium.
