URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274679/sandwich-with-bacon-pistachio-pesto-and-tomato/
Title:
Sandwich with Bacon, Pistachio Pesto, and Tomato Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/939564.jpg
Ingredients:
Pistachio Pesto Sauce:
1/2 cup shelled, salted whole pistachios
1 lime, juiced
1 bunch fresh cilantro
3 cloves garlic
1/2 cup olive oil
salt and ground black pepper to taste
BPT Sandwich:
2 slices turkey bacon
2 slices whole wheat sandwich bread
olive oil, or as needed, divided
4 slices Roma tomato
salt and pepper to taste
1/2 cup shredded Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Combine pistachio nuts, lime juice, cilantro, and garlic in the bowl of a food processor; pulse until blended. Pour olive oil in slowly, with the processor running, until pesto is smooth. Season with salt and pepper; set aside.
Place bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until crisp, about 10 minutes. Remove bacon from pan and drain on paper towels. When cool enough to handle, tear each strip of bacon in 1/2 so you have 4 pieces.
Brush both sides of bread slices with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Place remaining olive oil in the skillet. Cook bread in the skillet over medium heat, turning as necessary, until both sides are browned, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove bread from pan.
Meanwhile, season tomato slices liberally with salt and pepper.
To assemble sandwich, place 4 pieces of bacon on 1 slice of bread. Top with Parmesan cheese, tomato slices, 2 tablespoons pistachio pesto, and the remaining slice of bread.

Submitter: 
Rashelle Godina
Description: 
This is an Italian twist on the classic BLT--I call it BPT (Bacon Pesto Tomato). I came up with this recipe one day by just throwing a sandwich together with things I had leftover in my fridge. It was unexpected how delicious it was!
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Sauces
Pasta Sauces

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
1957 calories
180.7
g fat
56.5
g carbohydrates
41.3
g protein
51
mg cholesterol
1704
mg sodium.
