URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274664/traditional-cornbread-stuffing/
Title:
Traditional Cornbread Stuffing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 cups cubed butternut squash
3 tablespoons olive oil, divided
2 carrots, finely chopped
1 medium onion, finely chopped
1 stalk celery, finely chopped
1 small leek, finely sliced
4 cloves garlic, finely chopped
1/4 cup chopped fresh sage
3 tablespoons butter
1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme
1 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth, or more as needed
1 (1 pound) package cornbread stuffing mix
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 apple - peeled, cored, and chopped

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Place butternut squash on a rimmed baking sheet and drizzle with 1 tablespoon olive oil.
Roast squash in the preheated oven until tender, 25 to 30 minutes, turning once using a metal spatula. Remove from the oven and set aside.
Heat 2 teaspoons olive oil in a large, deep saute pan over medium-high heat. Saute carrots, onion, celery, leek, and garlic in the hot oil until almost tender, about 5 minutes. Add roasted butternut squash, sage, butter, and thyme and continue to saute until vegetables are tender, 3 to 4 minutes more.
Stir chicken broth into the pan until well mixed with vegetables. Add cornbread stuffing and mix. Add additional chicken broth if necessary and mix until desired consistency is reached. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside and let cool, 10 to 15 minutes. Mix in apple.

Submitter: 
Semichee
Description: 
Toasted cornbread cubes are mixed with butter-sauteed veggies and seasoned lightly. You can use this to stuff a turkey as-is, or put into an oven-safe dish and bake until a golden brown crust is formed. Serve immediately.
Categories:
Side Dish
Stuffing and Dressing
Cornbread Stuffing and Dressing

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
268 calories
9
g fat
42.1
g carbohydrates
6.2
g protein
9
mg cholesterol
906
mg sodium.
