URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274667/vegan-mushroom-thanksgiving-stuffing/
Title:
Vegan Mushroom Thanksgiving Stuffing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Croutons:
1 crusty baguette, cut into 1/2-inch cubes
1 tablespoon olive oil, or as needed
1 tablespoon ground thyme
1 tablespoon dried rosemary
1 tablespoon dried oregano
1 tablespoon dried parsley
1 teaspoon garlic salt, or more to taste
1 teaspoon ground white pepper
Stuffing:
1/2 cup vegan margarine
1 cup chopped celery
1 cup chopped onion
1 cup chopped fresh mushrooms
3 cloves garlic, chopped, or more to taste
1 (32 fluid ounce) container vegetable broth
1/2 teaspoon ground white pepper

Directions:
Spread cubed bread on a baking sheet. Cover with a paper towel and let sit at room temperature until slightly stale, at least 8 hours to overnight.
Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C).
Toss stale bread cubes with olive oil and sprinkle with thyme, rosemary, oregano, parsley, garlic salt, and white pepper. Spread evenly on the baking pan.
Bake in the preheated oven for 20 minutes. Stir and continue baking until crispy, about 20 minutes more, checking frequently. Remove from the oven and set homemade croutons aside.
Increase oven temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a large baking pan.
Heat margarine in a large pan over medium heat. Add celery, onion, mushrooms, and garlic. Cook and stir until soft, about 5 minutes. Add broth and white pepper and simmer for 3 minutes more. Add homemade croutons and stir, transferring mixture to a large bowl if necessary. Pour stuffing mixture into the prepared baking pan.
Bake in the hot oven, uncovered, for about 40 minutes.

Submitter: 
Kathleenar
Description: 
I made this recipe about 5 years ago. After trying expensive croutons from a gourmet cooking store, I decided I could make them myself! This vegan mushroom stuffing immediately became a family (and friends) favorite. You can eliminate the mushrooms if you don't like them. You can make the homemade croutons days before and store them in zip-top bags or plastic containers, which makes the stuffing a whole lot easier. Try it for Thanksgiving!
Categories:
Side Dish
Stuffing and Dressing
Vegetarian Stuffing and Dressing

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
10 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
183 calories
9.4
g fat
20.6
g carbohydrates
4.3
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
573
mg sodium.
