URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274736/smart-cookie-strawberry-shortcakes/
Title:
Smart Cookie Strawberry Shortcakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6836799.jpg
Ingredients:
2 quarts ripe strawberries, hulled and quartered
1/2 cup white sugar
1 lemon, zested and juiced
Shortcakes:
4 cups all-purpose flour
3 tablespoons white sugar
1 1/2 tablespoons baking powder
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1 1/2 cups heavy cream
2 eggs, lightly beaten
1/2 teaspoon almond extract
1 cup cold unsalted butter, cubed
1 tablespoon salted butter, melted
1/4 cup sanding sugar
For Whipped Cream:
1 cup heavy cream
2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla bean paste

Directions:
Crush about 1/4 of the strawberries with a fork. Mix together with the remaining strawberries, sugar, lemon juice, and lemon zest in a medium bowl. Set aside to macerate for up to 1 hour.
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Whisk flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt together in a large bowl. Mix cream, eggs, and almond extract together in a separate bowl.
Cut cold butter cubes into the flour mixture using a pastry cutter until texture resembles damp sand. Make a well in the center and pour in the cream mixture; fold it in gently with a wooden spoon until a shaggy dough forms.
Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and knead a few times until dough comes together. Pat out until 1/2-inch thick. Fold dough in half and then in quarters, and pat out into a 1/2-inch thickness again. Repeat folding one more time.
Using a 3-inch biscuit cutter and taking care not to twist the cutter in the dough, cut out 12 rounds and place at least 2 inches apart on the baking sheet. Brush the tops of the biscuits with melted butter and sprinkle with sanding sugar.
Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown on top, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from oven and cool on a wire rack.
While the shortcakes are cooling, make the whipped cream. Combine heavy cream, confectioners' sugar, and vanilla bean paste in the bowl of a stand mixer. Beat on medium speed until stiff peaks form, about 4 minutes.
Split the shortcakes in half and top with macerated strawberries and a dollop of whipped cream.

Submitter: 
Smart Cookie
Description: 
Learn how to master this classic summer dessert to get the perfect macerated strawberries nestled between fluffy, tender shortcake layers and topped with vanilla bean whipped cream.
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Strawberry Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
582 calories
36.2
g fat
59.7
g carbohydrates
7.3
g protein
142
mg cholesterol
384
mg sodium.
