URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274790/italian-pesto-roasted-chicken/
Title:
Italian Pesto Roasted Chicken Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1 head garlic
2 cups packed fresh basil leaves
2 tablespoons grated Pecorino <sup>&reg;</sup>omano cheese (such as Locatelli(<sup>&reg;</sup>))
¼ cup extra-virgin olive oil, or more as needed
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 (2 1/2 pound) whole chicken, rinsed and patted dry

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Cut off the top of the head of garlic to expose the cloves, trimming about 1/4 inch off of the top of each clove. You may need to trim individual cloves along the sides of the head. Brush the cut cloves with a small amount of olive oil and nestle the head into a piece of aluminum foil.
Bake in the preheated oven until cloves begin to soften, about 20 minutes. Remove garlic from the oven and let cool slightly. Leave oven on. Press on the bottom of each clove to push softened cloves out of their peels and into a small bowl.
Process basil in the bowl of a food processor until minced. Add roasted garlic and Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese; pulse a couple of times to mix together. Pour olive oil in slowly, with the processor running, until pesto is smooth and has achieved your desired consistency. Season with salt and pepper.
Slide your fingers under the skin of the chicken to loosen it. Rub pesto generously underneath the skin and inside the cavity of the chicken. Place chicken on a rack inside a baking pan.
Place chicken in the oven and cook for 30 to 40 minutes. Increase heat to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C) and cook until no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, 10 to 15 minutes more. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh, near the bone, should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Remove from the oven, cover with a doubled sheet of aluminum foil, and allow to rest in a warm area for 10 minutes before slicing.

Submitter: 
JoeAnuar
Description: 
This is a wonderful recipe for all those Italian-hearted. Hope you enjoy!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 25 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
521 calories
36.5
g fat
5.3
g carbohydrates
40.9
g protein
125
mg cholesterol
203
mg sodium.
