URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274770/instant-pot-moroccan-chicken/
Title:
Instant Pot® Moroccan Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6838043.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon Moroccan spice rub
1 pound chicken tenders
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 tablespoon butter
1/2 small red onion, chopped
1 carrot, chopped
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 cup pearl (Israeli) couscous
3/4 cup chicken broth
1/2 cup chickpeas, rinsed and drained
2 tablespoons toasted almonds

Directions:
Coat chicken with 1 tablespoon olive oil and Moroccan seasoning in a shallow dish.
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) and select Saute function. Add 1 tablespoon olive oil and butter once the pot is hot. Cook chicken until browned, 3 to 5 minutes per side. Remove chicken and keep warm. Add onion, carrot, and garlic and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Add pearl couscous, broth, and chickpeas; stir to combine. Cancel Saute function. Add chicken back to the pot.
Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 5 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Serve chicken with almonds sprinkled on top.

Submitter: 
thedailygourmet
Description: 
This recipe calls for minimal ingredients, and is fast to make. If you can't find Moroccan seasoning, feel free to make your own, but the taste may be different. I prefer the Savory Spice Shop® Tan Tan Moroccan seasoning. 
I've learned some Instant Pots® can throw a 'burn notice' but this did not happen for me. If you experience a burn notice, add 2 tablespoons more broth.
Categories:
World Cuisine
African
North African
Moroccan

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
423 calories
14.7
g fat
40
g carbohydrates
31.2
g protein
73
mg cholesterol
400
mg sodium.
