URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274759/gluten-free-buttermilk-pancakes/
Title:
Gluten-Free Buttermilk Pancakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6839382.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup brown rice flour
1/2 cup gluten-free all-purpose flour
3 tablespoons buckwheat flour
2 tablespoons white sugar
1 1/4 teaspoons baking powder
1 pinch baking soda
1 cup buttermilk, divided
2 medium eggs, separated
2 tablespoons light oil

Directions:
Whisk together brown rice flour, all-purpose flour, buckwheat flour, sugar, baking powder, and baking soda in a bowl. Combine 3/4 cup buttermilk, egg yolks, and oil in a separate bowl; mix until combined. Add dry ingredients to buttermilk mixture; stir until just combined. Do not overmix batter.
Beat egg whites in a glass, metal, or ceramic bowl until soft peaks form. Fold egg whites into the batter. Batter should have the consistency of tomato soup. If it is too thick, add remaining buttermilk little by little, waiting a bit to allow batter to set. (Gluten-free flours need time to absorb the liquid, thickening after about 45 seconds to 1 minute.)
Heat a lightly oiled griddle over medium heat. Drop batter by 1/4-cupfuls onto the griddle. Cook until bubbles form and the tops are a bit dry, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip and cook until browned on the other side, 2 to 3 minutes. Repeat with remaining batter.
Serve hot or wait until completely cooled before freezing.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Traditional buttermilk pancake taste without the gluten; dense and fluffy at the same time. Using whole grain flours not only helps flavor and texture, but increases nutrition. The instructions take into account that some gluten-free flours are thirstier than others. The pancakes freeze well, too. Just pop a frozen pancake in the toaster for a quick breakfast or snack.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Pancakes
Whole Grain Pancakes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
113 calories
4.4
g fat
15.8
g carbohydrates
3.5
g protein
38
mg cholesterol
128
mg sodium.
