URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274723/air-fryer-coconut-chicken/
Title:
Air Fryer Coconut Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F6830726.jpg
Ingredients:
½ cup canned coconut milk
½ cup pineapple juice
2 tablespoons brown sugar
1 tablespoon soy sauce
2 teaspoons Sriracha sauce
1 teaspoon ground ginger
1 pound boneless skinless chicken breasts, cut into strips
2  eggs
1 cup sweetened shredded coconut
1 cup panko bread crumbs
1 ½ teaspoons salt
½ teaspoon ground black pepper
nonstick cooking spray

Directions:
Place coconut milk, pineapple juice, brown sugar, soy sauce, Sriracha sauce, and ginger in a medium sized bowl and whisk to combine. Add chicken strips and toss to coat. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate 2 hours or overnight.
Preheat an air fryer to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Whisk eggs in a bowl. Combine shredded coconut, panko, salt, and pepper in a separate bowl.
Remove chicken strips from the marinade and shake off excess. Discard the remaining marinade. Dip chicken strips in beaten egg, then in coconut-panko mixture, then again in egg mixture, and again in coconut-panko mixture, double dipping and double coating each strip.
Spray the air fryer basket with cooking spray.
Place breaded chicken strips in the air fryer basket, making sure they are not touching; work in batches if necessary.
Cook for 6 minutes, flip strips, and continue cooking until lightly browned and toasted, 4 to 6 minutes more.

Submitter: 
Yoly
Description: 
These coconut-panko crusted chicken strips are crispy, crunchy, and oil-free. The chicken strips are double dipped in egg and in the coconut-panko mixture to ensure crispiness. Cooked in an air fryer they are ready in just a few minutes. They are moist and tender on the inside. Serve with or without your choice of dipping sauce.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1 Rating
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
2 hrs 20 mins
Number of servings: 
2 hrs
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
418 calories
17.4
g fat
41.1
g carbohydrates
31.1
g protein
158
mg cholesterol
1493
mg sodium.
