URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274739/vegan-moroccan-stew/
Title:
Vegan Moroccan Stew Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1118040.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon cumin seeds
1 tablespoon coriander seeds
3 tablespoons olive oil
1 cup chopped onion
3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced
3 tablespoons matchstick-sliced ginger
1 lemon, zested and juiced, divided
2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon ground turmeric
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon ground allspice
2 cups vegetable broth
1 (28 ounce) can whole peeled tomatoes, lightly crushed by hand
2 cups cubed peeled carrots
1 large butternut squash, peeled and cut into 1-inch cubes
1 large sweet potato, peeled and cut into 1-inch cubes

Directions:
Toast cumin and coriander seeds in a dry frying pan over medium heat until fragrant, about 1 minute. Transfer to a mortar and crush with a pestle to break some seeds but leave many whole. Set aside.
Heat oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add onion and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Add garlic, ginger, and lemon zest; cook and stir for 1 minute. Add salt, pepper, turmeric, cinnamon, allspice, and toasted spice mixture. Stir until evenly coated, being careful not to burn spices, about 1 minute.
Pour broth into the pot and bring to a simmer, about 5 minutes, scraping the bottom of the pot. Add tomatoes and lemon juice. Add carrots, butternut squash, and sweet potato. Mix to combine and reduce heat to medium-low. Cover and simmer until vegetables are tender, about 45 minutes.
Taste stew and season with more salt, if desired.

Submitter: 
Hester
Description: 
This is what I have tried as an imitation of a 'Moroccan stew' I had at a vegan restaurant many years ago. I used to work down the street and had this probably twice a week for lunch, but now it's an hour and a half drive away, so I had to try to make it myself! I like to have mine over lentils that have simple wilted greens mixed in such as Swiss chard, kale, spinach, etc.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Stews

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
305 calories
8
g fat
59.9
g carbohydrates
6.2
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
1200
mg sodium.
