URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274799/chef-johns-summer-sausage/
Title:
Chef John's Summer Sausage Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6846236.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 cup diced celery
2 pounds freshly ground beef (85% lean)
1 tablespoon garlic powder
1 tablespoon smoked paprika
2 tablespoons whole mustard seeds
1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper
2 tablespoons kosher salt (such as Diamond Crystal®)
3 pinches cayenne pepper
1/4 teaspoon pink curing salt (such as Instacure™ #1) (optional)
1 tablespoon white sugar
For the 'Smoking' Wash:
1 tablespoon liquid smoke flavoring
1 tablespoon cold water
1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper

Directions:
Smash celery into juicy bits using a mortar and pestle. Combine with ground beef in a large bowl. Add garlic powder, paprika, mustard seeds, kosher salt, black pepper, cayenne pepper, curing salt, and sugar. Mix by hand until thoroughly combined.
Transfer meat onto a large piece of parchment paper. Use damp hands to shape into a 3- to 4-inch-thick log. Roll up in the parchment paper, compressing it as much as possible. Twist ends tightly to seal. Place on a paper towel-lined baking sheet and refrigerate for 24 hours.
Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F (135 degrees C).
Cut ends off the parchment paper and unwrap meat. Mix liquid smoke with water and generously brush over the meat. Roll meat back up in the paper, then again in aluminum foil, sealing it tightly and twisting the ends in opposite directions.
Line a baking sheet with a wire rack and place the sealed meat on top. Poke 5 or 6 holes across the bottom for excess moisture to drip out.
Bake in the preheated oven until the internal temperature reaches 150 degrees F (66 degrees C) and no higher, about 1 1/2 hours.
Let sausage cool in the pan until room temperature, at least 30 minutes. Give ends a tighter twist, then refrigerate at least 8 hours, or overnight.
Unwrap sausage and slice in half. Coat outsides with freshly ground black pepper, place on a plate lined with crinkled foil, and let dry in the refrigerator for 24 hours.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
Traditionally, summer sausage is made and cured in the winter so that it's ready to enjoy during the summer, but unless you have some sort of time machine, we're going to have to settle on this easy, and much faster, shortcut method. Despite only taking a few days, this comes really close to everybody's favorite gift-basket sausage and makes a great centerpiece to any charcuterie board.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Meat and Poultry
Beef

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
2 d 10 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
267 calories
19
g fat
4.3
g carbohydrates
19.1
g protein
68
mg cholesterol
1564
mg sodium.
