URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274745/hawaiian-grilled-chicken/
Title:
Hawaiian Grilled Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F848236.jpg
Ingredients:
1 ½ cups unsweetened pineapple juice
¾ cup low-sodium soy sauce
¾ cup brown sugar
3 cloves garlic, peeled and thinly sliced
1 (1/2 inch) piece fresh ginger, thinly sliced
4 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs, trimmed of fat
1 stick unsalted butter
3  green onions, including green tops, thinly sliced

Directions:
Whisk pineapple juice, soy sauce, brown sugar, garlic, and ginger together in a bowl until brown sugar has dissolved. Pour marinade into a resealable plastic bag. Add chicken thighs and coat with the marinade. Squeeze out excess air and seal the bag. Marinate in the refrigerator, 4 hours to overnight.
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium heat and lightly oil the grate.
Reduce heat to low on one burner of the preheated grill. Place oven-safe dish over the low burner; add butter and green onions to the dish and allow to slowly melt. Remove chicken from the marinade and shake off excess. Discard the remaining marinade. Grill chicken in batches over the medium burners, turning once, until juices run clear, about 10 minutes per batch.
When chicken is cooked, place each piece into the butter and onion "bath", turning a couple of times to ensure it is well coated. Continue to grill remaining chicken, adding each piece to the butter and onion "bath", pushing already-coated pieces to the side until all pieces have been coated.

Submitter: 
Laura Dietz Mulholland
Description: 
This has become a family favorite! The key to the delicious flavor is letting the chicken sit in the marinade overnight, and then letting the cooked chicken sit in the green onion-butter bath! Suggested sides would be steamed rice, green salad, and sliced fresh pineapple for a meal that will transport you to the islands!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
4 hrs 45 mins
Number of servings: 
4 hrs
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
402 calories
22.1
g fat
17.8
g carbohydrates
32
g protein
136
mg cholesterol
747
mg sodium.
