URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274803/espresso-walnut-brownies-/
Title:
Espresso-Walnut Brownies  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
cooking spray
3/4 cup chopped walnuts
3/4 cup self-rising flour
1/4 cup cocoa powder
3 tablespoons finely ground dark roast coffee beans
3/4 cup unsalted butter
3 ounces unsweetened chocolate
1 1/2 cups white sugar
2 large eggs, lightly beaten
1 tablespoon vanilla extract

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray an 8x8-inch baking dish with cooking spray. Line the pan with aluminum foil; spray foil with cooking spray.
Place walnuts on a baking sheet.
Toast walnuts in the preheated oven until lightly browned, about 6 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool. Leave oven on.
Sift flour and cocoa powder together in a bowl. Stir in coffee. Set aside.
Fill a saucepan 1/3 of the way full with water and bring to a simmer over medium-low heat. Place butter and chocolate in a large heat-proof bowl and set the bowl over the simmering water. Reduce heat to low and stir chocolate mixture frequently until completely smooth, 3 to 4 minutes.
Remove bowl from heat and stir in sugar. Whisk in eggs and vanilla extract. Stir in flour mixture just until absorbed; stir in toasted walnuts. Pour batter evenly into the prepared baking dish.
Bake in the preheated oven until a crust forms on top and center is still slightly gooey, 30 to 35 minutes.
Remove from the oven and set the pan on a wire rack to cool to completely, about 30 minutes. Refrigerate 2 hours to overnight; cut into squares.

Submitter: 
Kristie Warren
Description: 
These are really great espresso brownies and you can taste the coffee, but it's not overpowering. I make them for the office quite a lot and they're always gone the same day. The refrigeration step is important - it's hard to wait, but it makes a difference!
Categories:
Desserts
Nut Desserts
Walnut Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
3 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
247 calories
15.8
g fat
26.4
g carbohydrates
3.2
g protein
46
mg cholesterol
87
mg sodium.
