URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/27489589/country-apple-rhubarb-pie/
Title:
Country Apple Rhubarb Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Crust:
2 cups all purpose flour
1 tsp. salt
3/4 CRISCO stick or 3/4 cup CRISCO all-vegetable shortening
5 TBS. Cold water
Filling:
9 cups sliced, peeled Granny Smith apples (3lbs. or 6 large apples)
1-1/2 cups chopped rhubarb, peeled if tough
3/4 granulated sugar
1/2 cup firmly packed light brown sugar
2 TBS. all-purpose flour
1 TBS. cornstarch
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
1/4 tsp. freshly grated nutmeg
Glaze:
1 egg beaten
1 TBS. water
1 TBS. granulated sugar
1 tsp. ground pecans or walnuts
1/8 tsp. ground cinnamon

Directions:
Crust:
Spoon flour into measuring cup and level. Combine flour and salt in medium bowl.
Cut in shortening using pastry blender or 2 knives until flour is blended to form pea size chunks.
Sprinkle with water, 1 TBS. at a time. Toss lightly with fork until dough forms a ball.
Divide in half. Press half of dough between hands to form a 5-6" pancake. Flour rolling surface and rolling pin lightly. Roll dough into circle. Trim circle 1" larger than upside-down pie plate. Carefully remove trimmed dough. Set aside and repeat with remaining dough.
Filling:
Combine apples and rhubarb in a large bowl. Combine sugar, brown sugar, flour, cornstarch, cinnamon and nutmeg in a medium bowl. Sprinkle over fruit. Toss to coat.
Spoon into unbaked pie crust. Moisten pastry edge with water. Cover pie with lattice top, cutting strips 1" wide. Flute edge high.
Glaze:
Combine egg and water in a small bowl. Brush over crust.
Combine remaining glaze ingredients in a small bowl. Sprinkle over crust.
Bake at 425 for 20 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 350, bake 30-40 minutes or until filling in center is bubbly and crust is golden brown. Place sheet of foil or baking sheet under pie if it starts to bubble over. Cool to room temperature.

Submitter: 
interdesignmsu
Description: 

Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
