URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274961/mediterranean-chickpea-pasta-salad/
Title:
Mediterranean Chickpea Pasta Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6872240.jpg
Ingredients:
3 medium crookneck yellow squash, cubed
1/4 pound fresh green beans, trimmed and cut into 1-inch pieces
5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided
1/4 teaspoon smoked paprika
1 pinch red pepper flakes
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 (8 ounce) box chickpea pasta shells (such as Banza®)
3 tablespoons chopped Kalamata olives
2 tablespoons chopped sun-dried tomatoes
2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano
3 tablespoons sherry vinegar

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Combine squash and green beans in a salad bowl. Drizzle 2 tablespoons olive oil on top; season with smoked paprika, red pepper flakes, salt, and pepper. Toss until evenly coated and spread out on the prepared baking sheet.
Roast in the preheated oven, stirring halfway, until tender and starting to brown, about 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Add chickpea pasta. Cook, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 9 minutes.
Drain pasta and transfer to the salad bowl. Gently mix in roasted vegetables, olives, sun-dried tomatoes, and oregano. Whisk remaining olive oil and sherry vinegar together in a small bowl. Pour over salad and toss gently until combined.

Submitter: 
LauraF
Description: 
It can be hard to find picnic-friendly recipes that are vegan and gluten free. I made this salad using chickpea pasta for friends who can't eat gluten or dairy. I used produce I had just harvested from my garden, but you can change up the vegetables based on what you have on hand! If you're not avoiding dairy, feta cheese would be a great addition.
Categories:
Salad
Pasta Salad
Vegetarian Pasta Salad

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
299 calories
17.7
g fat
29.5
g carbohydrates
11.2
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
325
mg sodium.
