URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274921/instant-pot-crispy-chicken-carnitas/
Title:
Instant Pot® Crispy Chicken Carnitas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6913262.jpg
Ingredients:
Chicken:
1 tablespoon ground cumin
1/2 teaspoon chili powder
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano
1 pinch salt and ground black pepper to taste
3 tablespoons olive oil, divided
2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
5 cloves garlic, pressed
1 yellow onion, quartered
1/4 cup lime juice
1/4 cup chicken broth
1/2 bunch cilantro
1 chipotle pepper in adobo sauce, or more to taste
1 orange, zested and juiced
1 bay leaf
Chipotle Sauce:
1/2 cup mayonnaise
1 tablespoon milk
1 chipotle pepper in adobo sauce, or more to taste
1 pinch salt
1 pinch garlic powder

Directions:
Combine cumin, chili powder, oregano, salt, and pepper in a bowl. Sprinkle over chicken breasts on both sides.
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) and select Saute function. Add 1 tablespoon olive oil and sear chicken breasts, 1 to 2 minutes per side, working in batches so chicken sears rather than steams. Transfer chicken to a plate.
Add garlic and onion to the hot cooker; cook and stir until browned evenly on all sides, about 2 minutes. Return chicken to the pressure cooker along with lime juice, chicken broth, cilantro, chipotle pepper with 1 tablespoon adobo sauce, orange zest and juice, and bay leaf. Close and lock the lid. Set timer for 8 to 10 minutes, depending on size of chicken breasts.
Meanwhile, combine mayonnaise, milk, chipotle pepper and 1 tablespoon adobo sauce, salt, and garlic powder to an electric blender. Blend chipotle sauce until smooth.
Release pressure from the cooker using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, 10 to 40 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid.
Set an oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler.
Transfer chicken breasts to a clean surface and reserve cooking liquid. Shred chicken meat using 2 forks. Place in a large bowl and drizzle 1/4 cup cooking liquid over chicken; toss to coat. Drizzle 1 tablespoon oil over the surface of a baking sheet. Add chicken to the sheet and drizzle remaining 1 tablespoon oil on top. Stir to coat evenly.
Broil chicken in the preheated oven for 5 minutes. Toss chicken with 1 to 2 tablespoons reserved cooking liquid and rotate the pan for even broiling. Continue broiling until crispy, 5 to 7 minutes more. Serve with chipotle sauce.

Submitter: 
Margo
Description: 
Chicken carnitas made in the pressure cooker are quick and easy! We crisp them up in the broiler, and they are perfect to meal-prep and enjoy for the week! Serve with tortillas, diced onions, chopped cilantro, sauteed cabbage, lime wedges, and anything else you like!
Categories:
World Cuisine
Latin American
Mexican

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
236 calories
15.3
g fat
4.7
g carbohydrates
19.6
g protein
56
mg cholesterol
186
mg sodium.
