URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274985/chicken-biryani-in-the-instant-potr-/
Title:
Chicken Biryani in the Instant Pot®  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6871141.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon minced garlic
1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger root
1 1/2 teaspoons salt, or to taste
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon ground turmeric
1 teaspoon curry powder
1 teaspoon paprika
1 teaspoon garam masala
3/4 cup Mexican crema
6 skinless, boneless chicken thighs
3 tablespoons butter, divided
1/2 cup thinly shaved onion
1 cup basmati rice
1 (13.5 ounce) can coconut milk
1 pinch crumbled saffron

Directions:
Combine garlic, ginger, salt, cumin, turmeric, curry powder, paprika, and garam masala in a zip-top bag and shake to combine. Reserve 1 teaspoon of spice mixture. Add crema to the bag and mix to combine. Add chicken thighs to the bag and marinate in the refrigerator, 8 hours to overnight.
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) and select Saute function. Add 1 tablespoon butter and onions. Cook until browned and softened, about 6 minutes. Transfer to a small plate.
Add remaining butter to the pot. Pour in chicken thighs and marinade. Saute for about 2 minutes and hit Cancel. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 6 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid.
Add rice to the pot around chicken thighs. Add caramelized onions. Pour coconut milk over rice, making sure rice is covered. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure and set the timer for 8 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions for 30 minutes. Release remaining pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid.
Add reserved spice mixture to the pot and crumble saffron on top of chicken and rice before serving.

Submitter: 
thedailygourmet
Description: 
Chicken biryani has roots in both Indian and Middle Eastern cuisine, and the seasonings will vary depending on region. While I won't claim this is authentic, it's quite tasty. Plan ahead, because the chicken marinates overnight before cooking in the Instant Pot®. I use Mexican crema (sour cream) because I like the fluidity, as opposed to traditional sour cream.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Indian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
9 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
579 calories
42.6
g fat
30
g carbohydrates
22.9
g protein
120
mg cholesterol
698
mg sodium.
