URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274953/crispy-bloomed-onion/
Title:
Crispy "Bloomed" Onion Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6869399.jpg
Ingredients:
2 large red onions, or as needed
1/2 cup panko bread crumbs
1/8 cup olive oil
1 clove garlic, finely crushed
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
1/4 cup finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese
2 drizzles olive oil
1 tablespoon finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, divided
1 teaspoon chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley, or to taste

Directions:
Slice off the top of 1 onion to create a flat bottom. Slice into quarters through the center of the root end. Peel off the skin. Repeat with the second onion.
Bring a heavily salted pot of water to a boil. Boil onion quarters until layers start to soften and separate, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove onions with a slotted spoon and place, cut-sides down, on a baking sheet lined with paper towels. Let drain and cool.
Set an oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler.
Heat a medium pan over medium heat. Add bread crumbs and 1/8 cup olive oil; toss with a wooden spoon until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Add garlic, salt, pepper, cayenne, and 1/4 cup Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese. Mix until completely combined.
Cut root end off the onions and separate the petals. Coat a 10- to 12-inch round pan with a drizzle of olive oil. Arrange onion petals in concentric circles around the pans. Do not overlap petals by much. Scatter bread crumbs into the petals. Sprinkle remaining Parmigiano-Reggiano on top, and add a drizzle of olive oil.
Broil until browned and crispy, 5 to 10 minutes. Let cool to room temperature before garnishing with parsley and serving.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
If nachos and French onion soup had a baby, it'd be this no-fry version of Outback's famous 'Bloomin' Onion.' Though easier to make and way less messy, it tastes every bit as good. Maybe better, since every bite is cooked perfectly crispy. This came out so well, I didn't even think about making a sauce, but anything that pairs well with onions would be good scattered over top of these 'onion nachos.'
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Cheese

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
87 calories
5.8
g fat
8.5
g carbohydrates
2.3
g protein
3
mg cholesterol
102
mg sodium.
