URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274933/grilled-halloumi-wraps/
Title:
Grilled Halloumi Wraps Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6861219.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 tablespoon lemon juice
1 orange bell pepper, cut into strips
1 small red onion, cut into 1-inch wedges
salt to taste
1 (8.8 ounce) package halloumi cheese, cut into 8 slices
4 (8 inch) low-carb flour tortillas
1/2 cup hummus
1 cup baby spinach leaves
1/3 cup Kalamata olives

Directions:
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat, and set a grill pan on top of the grate.
Whisk together olive oil and lemon juice in a small bowl; set aside.
Toss together bell pepper and onion in a small bowl. Mix in 1/2 of the oil mixture and season with salt, to taste. Transfer to the hot grill pan.
Cook vegetables on the preheated grill until lightly charred but still firm to the bite, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove pan from the grill and allow vegetables to cool. Lower the grill temperature to medium.
Brush halloumi cheese slices with the remaining oil mixture. Cook on the preheated grill, flipping carefully, until grill marks appear and cheese has softened slightly, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove from grill and place on an aluminum foil-covered plate to keep warm.
Spread the tortillas with hummus and top with spinach. Divide the peppers and onions between the tortillas, add 2 halloumi slices to each tortilla, then top with olives. Roll up and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
France C
Description: 
Salty halloumi cheese slices grill up beautifully, along with peppers and onions, to make this tasty vegetarian wrap bursting with flavors of the Mediterranean. I like to use low-carb tortillas, but you could also stuff everything inside a pita half instead. Using flavored hummus also adds a nice twist.
Categories:
Main Dish
Sandwiches
Wraps and Roll-Ups

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
472 calories
28.1
g fat
36.1
g carbohydrates
20.3
g protein
47
mg cholesterol
1255
mg sodium.
