URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274947/cheater-instant-pot-pollo-en-mole/
Title:
Cheater Instant Pot® Pollo en Mole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 medium tomatoes, chopped
1 1/4 cups chicken broth
3/4 cup Mexican mole dry seasoning
1/4 cup warm water
3 tablespoons grapeseed oil, divided
1/2 teaspoon ancho chile powder
1/2 teaspoon chipotle chile powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
1/2 cup chopped onion
1 medium garlic clove, chopped
1 1/2 pounds boneless chicken breasts
1 ounce Mexican chocolate

Directions:
Combine tomatoes, chicken broth, mole seasoning, water, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, ancho chile powder, chipotle chile powder, salt, and pepper in a blender; blend until smooth.
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) and select Saute function. Allow to get hot and add remaining 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil. Add onion and cook until soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Cancel Saute mode. Add chicken and pour sauce on top.
Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 15 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, for 15 minutes. Release remaining pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Add Mexican chocolate and stir to combine.

Submitter: 
thedailygourmet
Description: 
This chicken mole is my rendition of the Mexican classic, but cooked in an Instant Pot®. I'm not claiming it's authentic, but family raves about it. I use Mexican mole dry seasoning from the Savory Spice® shop. Serve on top of rice or warmed corn tortillas garnished with queso fresco and sliced avocado.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Sauces
Mole Sauce

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
411 calories
24.3
g fat
20.9
g carbohydrates
26.9
g protein
65
mg cholesterol
781
mg sodium.
