URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/274975/stuffed-asiago-chicken-breasts/
Title:
Stuffed Asiago Chicken Breasts Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F6878422.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup grated Asiago cheese
¼ cup chopped sun-dried tomatoes
¼ cup Italian-seasoned panko bread crumbs
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
2 tablespoons chopped Kalamata olives
4 large boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, pounded 1/4 inch thick
1 teaspoon olive oil
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
paprika to taste
1 tablespoon butter
1 cup sliced baby bella mushrooms
1 clove garlic, minced
2 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves removed
¼ cup dry white wine
½ cup heavy cream
salt and ground black pepper to taste
½ cup grated Asiago cheese, at room temperature
2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves (optional)

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Lightly grease a baking dish.
Combine Asiago cheese, sun-dried tomatoes, bread crumbs, parsley, and Kalamata olives in a bowl for the filling. Place about 1/4 of the filling on the center of each chicken breast. Roll up jelly-roll style, securing the edges with toothpicks to keep the chicken breasts from unrolling. Rub the top of each chicken breast with olive oil, place seam-side down in the prepared baking dish, and sprinkle with salt, pepper, and paprika.
Bake in the preheated oven until chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 30 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Remove from oven, tent loosely with foil, and allow to cool for about 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, melt 1 tablespoon butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add mushrooms and garlic and cook until mushrooms start to brown, about 4 minutes. Add thyme leaves and white wine, stirring and deglazing the skillet, and cook for 2 minutes.
Reduce heat to medium-low and stir in the heavy cream, salt, and pepper. Cook until sauce starts to slightly thicken. Add 1/2 cup Asiago cheese and stir until melted and smooth. Remove from heat immediately; overcooking the Asiago cheese will create a lumpy, stringy sauce.
Slice each chicken breast into 1/2-inch thick slices, and drizzle with Asiago sauce. Garnish with thyme and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
lutzflcat
Description: 
Elegant enough for dinner guests, but enticing enough to get 'two thumbs up' from your family.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
Unrated
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
10 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
599 calories
34.4
g fat
9.7
g carbohydrates
59.9
g protein
214
mg cholesterol
934
mg sodium.
