URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275062/buttermilk-barbecue-chicken/
Title:
Buttermilk Barbecue Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6895554.jpg
Ingredients:
For the Marinade:
2 cups buttermilk
1/4 cup brown sugar
1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 teaspoon dried thyme
1 tablespoon ground black pepper
1 tablespoon smoked paprika
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon cayenne pepper
2 tablespoons kosher salt
1 (3 pound) whole chicken

Directions:
Whisk buttermilk, brown sugar, cider vinegar, garlic, thyme, pepper, paprika, cumin, cayenne, and salt together in a bowl.
Trim wing flats from the chicken. Cut along both sides of the backbone from the tail to the neck; remove backbone. Make a 1/4-inch-deep cut through the piece of cartilage in the center. Open up both sides to reveal breastbone; lift out. Cut chicken in half through the center line.
Place both halves in a resealable zip-top bag and pour in the buttermilk marinade. Place the bag in a bowl to catch any leaks. Press air out and seal. Marinate in the fridge for 6 to 18 hours.
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium heat and lightly oil the grate. Remove chicken from marinade and transfer onto a paper towel-lined plate. Blot off excess marinade.
Place chicken on the grill cut-side down, skin-side up; cover and cook for 20 minutes.
Flip chicken over and continue grilling for 7 to 10 minutes. Flip once more and grill until no longer pink in the center, about 15 minutes more. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh, near the bone, should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
Buttermilk is a very popular marinade for fried chicken, but for whatever reason, it isn't often used with other chicken cooking methods. Which is kind of surprising, especially when you taste just how effective it is for something like this beautiful barbecued chicken. Yogurt, a very similar product, is quite popular in grilled chicken marinades. So, why not use buttermilk? This goes great with coleslaw, potato salad, and a squeeze of lemon.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Chicken
Whole Chicken

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
7 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
323 calories
10.5
g fat
15.4
g carbohydrates
40.2
g protein
117
mg cholesterol
2120
mg sodium.
