URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275066/homemade-spicy-chicken-sausage/
Title:
Homemade Spicy Chicken Sausage Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/2610652.jpg
Ingredients:
4 pounds skin-on, boneless chicken thighs, cut into chunks
1 large onion, cut into chunks
1  green bell pepper, cored and sliced
2  jalapeno peppers, stemmed
6 tablespoons maple syrup
2 tablespoons sea salt
3 cloves garlic, minced
2 teaspoons dried sage
2 teaspoons onion powder
1 teaspoon ground ginger
1 teaspoon ground thyme
1 teaspoon finely ground black pepper
1 teaspoon hickory-smoked black pepper
½ teaspoon cayenne pepper
3 tablespoons canola oil, or as needed

Directions:
Set up the meat grinder for your stand mixer (such as KitchenAid(R)) with the coarse plate attached. Grind chicken thighs, onion, bell pepper, and jalapenos into a mixing bowl. Add maple syrup, salt, garlic, sage, onion powder, ginger, thyme, pepper, smoked pepper, and cayenne. Mix until well blended.
Re-grind the chicken mixture using the fine plate of the attachment.
Refrigerate sausage mixture until flavors combine, 2 to 3 hours.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Drop large spoonfuls of the sausage mixture into the skillet; flatten with the back of the spoon. Cook until golden brown and no longer pink in the center, 3 to 5 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Drain sausage on paper towels.
Repeat with remaining oil and sausage until all sausage is cooked.

Submitter: 
jturner443
Description: 
I was tired of the bland chicken/turkey sausage that I have been buying in the store. The ones that are theoretically 'good' are made with pork casings (intestines), and we do not eat pork. Here is a recipe that you can make at home, pat out into small patties, and cook for meals. I hope you enjoy it. My kids approve of this recipe.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
NA
Prep time: 
35 mins
Ready in:
3 hrs
Number of servings: 
2 hrs
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
240 calories
14.5
g fat
7.1
g carbohydrates
19.4
g protein
71
mg cholesterol
726
mg sodium.
