URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275170/jerk-chicken-alfredo/
Title:
Jerk Chicken Alfredo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/6906820.jpg
Ingredients:
4 large green onions, white parts and some tender green tops, chopped
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 tablespoon brown sugar
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1  lime, zested
1 teaspoon green chile pepper flakes
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 splash lime juice
½ teaspoon whole allspice berries
½ teaspoon whole black peppercorns
½ teaspoon yellow mustard
½ teaspoon ground thyme
½ teaspoon ground ginger
¼ teaspoon ground coriander
⅛ teaspoon dried rosemary
⅛ teaspoon ground nutmeg
1 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cubed
16 ounces penne pasta
½ cup butter
milk
1 ½ cups finely shredded Parmesan cheese
2 cloves garlic, minced

Directions:
Combine green onions, garlic, vegetable oil, brown sugar, soy sauce, lemon zest, pepper flakes, salt, basil, lime juice, allspice berries, peppercorns, mustard, thyme, ginger, coriander, rosemary, and nutmeg in the bowl of a food processor; blend until a paste forms, scraping down the sides as necessary. Transfer jerk marinade to a large resealable plastic bag. Add chicken and mix well. Seal bag, and let stand at room temperature for 30 minutes, turning chicken in the bag periodically.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook penne in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until tender yet firm to the bite, about 12 minutes. Drain.
Melt butter in a saucepan over low heat. Add milk and bring to a simmer. Cook for 5 minutes. Stir in Parmesan cheese and garlic, whisking constantly until cheese is completely melted and sauce is thoroughly combined. Set aside.
Cook chicken in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat and until it is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 7 to 8 minutes. Transfer chicken to the saucepan with the Alfredo sauce. Bring to a simmer, and cook for 3 to 5 minutes, stirring constantly to keep the sauce smooth and to incorporate the jerk seasoning into the Alfredo sauce. Serve over pasta.

Submitter: 
Diana71
Description: 
The trick to jerk chicken is nailing the flavor and consistency of the marinade. It should be paste-y, but not too thick and not too thin. This recipe starts with making the marinade, proceeds with cooking the chicken, and then mixes the chicken into a delicious Alfredo sauce to give it a Caribbean flavor. Top on pasta and you have a fantastic meal!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
NA
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
30 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
681 calories
33.9
g fat
63.5
g carbohydrates
32.7
g protein
109
mg cholesterol
1025
mg sodium.
