URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275116/homemade-fortune-cookies/
Title:
Homemade Fortune Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6893087.jpg
Ingredients:
Custom or prepared paper fortunes
1 large egg white
1/4 cup white sugar
1 tablespoon milk
1/8 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/8 teaspoon almond extract
1 pinch salt
1 tablespoon melted butter
1/3 cup all-purpose flour, or more as needed

Directions:
Print and cut out 3-inch wide paper fortunes.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with a silicone mat or parchment paper.
Combine egg white, sugar, milk, vanilla extract, almond extract, salt, and butter in a bowl. Whisk until sugar is dissolved. Add flour and whisk until batter is smooth and falls off the whisk in ribbons.
Scoop 1 tablespoon of batter onto the prepared baking sheet; spread out into a 4-inch circle using the back of a spoon. Repeat once more.
Bake first batch in the preheated oven until crispy and golden brown on the edges and still pale in the centers, about 10 minutes.
Quickly lift up cookies using a spatula. Add a fortune to each. Fold cookies in half, pressing edges together lightly. Bend each cookie over the rim of the pan, bringing ends down on either side. Lift up and curl ends towards each other. Place cookies in ramekins or muffin tins to hold their shape while they cool.
Bake remaining batter in batches, folding and shaping the cookies while hot. Remove from ramekins or muffin tins when completely cool.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
Whether it's sharing a positive prophecy with a friend, proposing marriage, or passive-aggressively letting your roommate know they need to do their dishes, nothing does the job quite like a fortune cookie. The key is to work quickly; you'll want to insert your fortunes and shape these light, crispy cookies right as they come out of the oven. Wearing gloves might be a good idea!
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Chinese

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
47 calories
1.2
g fat
8.3
g carbohydrates
0.9
g protein
3
mg cholesterol
30
mg sodium.
