URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275149/honey-sesame-chicken/
Title:
Honey Sesame Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/6890667.jpg
Ingredients:
⅓ cup raw honey
3 tablespoons tomato paste
1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar
1 tablespoon Sriracha sauce
1 teaspoon sesame oil
½ cup cold water
1 tablespoon cornstarch
½ teaspoon salt
1 ¼ teaspoons salt, divided
¾ teaspoon garlic powder, divided
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into 1-inch pieces
1  egg
¾ cup all-purpose flour
½ cup cold water
½ cup cornstarch
2 tablespoons avocado oil
1 ½ teaspoons baking powder
peanut oil for frying
½ tablespoon toasted sesame seeds

Directions:
Mix honey, tomato paste, apple cider vinegar, Sriracha sauce, and sesame oil together in a medium bowl.
Combine cold water, cornstarch, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a bowl; mix well. Add to honey sauce mixture and mix well. Set aside until needed.
Sprinkle 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder over chicken.
Whisk egg in a large bowl. Add remaining salt and garlic powder and mix well. Mix in flour. Combine water and cornstarch in a bowl; add to egg mixture and mix well. Add avocado oil and baking powder; mix well.
Pour 3 inches of peanut oil into the bottom of a wide, deep pot and heat to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Place 1/2 of the chicken pieces into the batter mixture and turn to coat. Scoop tablespoonfuls of chicken and batter into the hot oil. Do not crowd the chicken. Fry in batches until chicken pieces are golden brown and no longer pink in the centers, about 1 minute per side. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate. Check oil temperature between batches.
Pour honey sauce mixture into a large skillet. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, 3 to 4 minutes. Add all chicken pieces to the sauce; turn to coat. Sprinkle on sesame seeds.

Submitter: 
Bren
Description: 
Skip ordering takeout and prepare this easy, Asian-inspired honey sesame chicken that's deep-fried and smothered in a sweet and zesty sauce. Garnish with thinly sliced green onions, if desired.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
35 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
974 calories
82.2
g fat
45.6
g carbohydrates
15.9
g protein
74
mg cholesterol
1125
mg sodium.
