URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275129/butter-chicken-tarts/
Title:
Butter Chicken Tarts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/4547740.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon white sugar
1 dash salt
1 dash ground cumin
1 dash garlic powder
½ cup butter, melted
1 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil
1 small onion, chopped
2  green onions - chopped, green and white parts separated, divided
1 ½ cups diced cooked chicken breast
1 teaspoon soy-based liquid seasoning (such as Maggi(R)), or to taste
salt and ground black pepper to taste
6 ounces butter chicken cooking sauce

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease 6 cups of a muffin tin.
Stir sugar, salt, cumin, and garlic powder into the melted butter in a bowl. Add flour slowly, mixing until moist but not sticky; you should be able to manipulate it with your hands.
Separate tart dough into 6 sections; roll each into a ball and flatten into a round in your hand. Press into the prepared muffin cups.
Bake in the preheated oven until lightly browned, about 10 minutes.
While crusts are baking, heat oil over medium-high heat in a skillet. Saute onion and white sections of green onions in the hot oil until just starting to brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Add chicken, soy-based liquid seasoning, salt, and pepper; saute for 1 to 2 minutes. Add butter chicken sauce and cook until warmed through, 1 to 2 minutes.
Spoon butter chicken mixture into the baked tart shells.
Bake in the preheated oven until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Remove tarts from tin using a butter knife and tongs. Sprinkle green sections of green onions on top.

Submitter: 
Shadowood
Description: 
These butter chicken tarts provide a new twist on an old favorite.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
1
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
30 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
344 calories
22.7
g fat
22.1
g carbohydrates
12.8
g protein
73
mg cholesterol
319
mg sodium.
