URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275299/tiny-shortbread-tarts-with-earl-grey-cream/
Title:
Tiny Shortbread Tarts with Earl Grey Cream Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Earl Grey Cream:
1 Earl Grey tea bag
1/3 cup hot water
1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened
1 (14 ounce) can sweetened condensed milk
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Shortbread Tarts:
1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature
1/2 cup confectioners' sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
2 tablespoons cornstarch
1/8 teaspoon salt
1 cup fresh strawberries, halved

Directions:
Steep Earl Grey tea bag in hot water for 5 minutes. Discard bag and set tea aside.
Beat cream cheese in a bowl with an electric mixer until fluffy. Add tea, sweetened condensed milk, and vanilla extract; mix until smooth. Cover filling and refrigerate, 8 hours to overnight.
Beat butter and confectioners' sugar together in a bowl with an electric mixer until creamy. Beat in vanilla extract. Add flour, cornstarch, and salt; mix with a wooden spoon just until incorporated.
Lightly grease 36 mini muffin cups. Divide dough into 36 pieces and place 1 piece in the center of each muffin cup. Press the dough up the sides of the muffin cup, making room in the center for the filling. Freeze tart shells for about 10 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Bake tart shells in the preheated oven until lightly browned, 18 to 20 minutes. Prick the bottom of each tart with a fork if they puff up during baking. Place on a wire rack to cool completely.
Remove cooled tarts from the pan and fill with the Earl Grey cream. Garnish each tart with a strawberry half.

Submitter: 
Layla
Description: 
These tarts were created by me and my best friend while trying to rack up something for her boyfriend's birthday. His favorite tea is Earl Grey and we experimented quite a bit to actually come up with this tasty filling!
Categories:
Desserts
Pies
Tarts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
9 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
36
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
131 calories
8.3
g fat
12.6
g carbohydrates
2
g protein
24
mg cholesterol
41
mg sodium.
