URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275256/instant-potr-chicken-congee-chinese-rice-porridge/
Title:
Instant Pot® Chicken Congee (Chinese Rice Porridge) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6916152.jpg
Ingredients:
2 1/2 cups chicken broth, divided, or more to taste
1 cup jasmine rice
nonstick cooking spray
6 thick slices bacon, cut into 1/2-inch strips
1 small onion, diced
1 clove garlic, minced, or more to taste
1 (1 inch) piece fresh ginger, peeled and julienned
2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts
1 teaspoon sesame oil
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Combine 1 1/2 cups chicken broth and rice in a bowl; set aside.
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) and select Saute function. Spray with cooking spray and add bacon. Saute until bacon is crisp, but not burned, about 5 minutes. Remove bacon to a paper towel-lined baking sheet to drain.
Add onion, garlic, and ginger to the pot and cook in the bacon grease until onion is soft and translucent, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove 1/2 the onion mixture to a small bowl. Slowly pour in 1 cup chicken broth and scrape off any browned bits with a wooden spoon. Add chicken breasts to the pot and turn off Saute function.
Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 12 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and carefully remove the lid. Pour in rice and broth mixture. Close and seal the lid. Select the rice setting and cook for 12 minutes (should be preset).
Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Remove chicken breasts and shred with 2 forks. Return chicken to the pot. Add remaining onion mixture, chopped bacon, and sesame oil. Season with salt and pepper. Select the soup setting and add remaining chicken broth, 1/4 cup at a time (up to 1 1/2 cups), if desired. Simmer briefly until desired consistency is reached.

Submitter: 
thedailygourmet
Description: 
Chicken congee can also be made on the stovetop, but this version cooks in an Instant Pot® for extra ease.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Meat and Seafood
Chicken

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
239 calories
7.4
g fat
27.5
g carbohydrates
14.2
g protein
37
mg cholesterol
789
mg sodium.
