URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275209/vegan-chili-verde/
Title:
Vegan Chili Verde Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
4 fresh tomatillos, husks removed and halved
4 cloves garlic
2 poblano peppers, tops, seeds, and membranes removed
3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
1 medium white onion, diced
1 tablespoon dried oregano
1 tablespoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon chili powder
4 cups low-sodium vegetable broth, divided
1 (15 ounce) can low-sodium great Northern beans, rinsed and drained
1 (15 ounce) can low-sodium pinto beans, rinsed and drained
1 1/2 cups chopped Tuscan kale
1 cup fresh corn kernels
3/4 cup bulgur wheat
3/4 teaspoon kosher salt

Directions:
Set an oven rack 4 to 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler.
Place tomatillos, garlic cloves, and poblano peppers on a baking sheet.
Broil in the preheated oven until the peppers start to blacken and blister, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove garlic and transfer to a plate. Turn tomatillos and peppers over and broil until peppers are blackened and tomatillos are soft, 5 to 6 minutes more.
Meanwhile, heat olive oil in a large pot over medium heat until shimmering. Add onion and cook, stirring frequently, until translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in oregano, cumin, and chili powder; cook for 1 minute. Add 3 cups vegetable broth, great Northern beans, pinto beans, kale, corn, bulgur wheat, and salt. Return to a simmer.
Transfer roasted garlic, peppers, and tomatillos to a blender. Add remaining 1 cup vegetable broth. Cover and blend until just smooth. Pour into the simmering pot.
Simmer chili gently until bulgur is tender, 15 to 20 minutes.

Submitter: 
awaugh
Description: 
Earthy poblano peppers, fruity tomatillos, and Tuscan kale provide lots of color and taste in this vegan chili verde recipe, which is sure to be a standout on your table. Garnish with fresh cilantro, lime wedges, sour cream, or hot sauce, if desired.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Chili
Vegetarian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
315 calories
8.9
g fat
49.7
g carbohydrates
12.6
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
716
mg sodium.
