URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275297/mini-chocolate-cupcakes-with-earl-grey-frosting/
Title:
Mini Chocolate Cupcakes with Earl Grey Frosting Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Cupcakes:
2 sticks salted butter, cut into small pieces
1/2 (12 ounce) bag semisweet chocolate morsels
1 cup white sugar
3/4 cup cake flour
4 large eggs
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
Frosting:
1 cup white sugar
4 egg whites
1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice
1 pinch salt
2 Earl Grey tea bags

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line two 24-cup mini muffin pans with paper liners.
Place butter and chocolate in a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water. Make sure the bowl isn't touching the water. Whisk until melted and smooth, about 5 minutes. Remove bowl; keep water simmering in the saucepan.
Whisk sugar and flour together in another bowl. Mix into the melted chocolate mixture. Add eggs one at a time, then whisk vanilla extract into the batter.
Divide batter among the prepared cups, filling each 3/4 of the way.
Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 15 to 18 minutes. Remove from the pans and cool on a wire rack, at least 20 minutes.
While cupcakes are cooling, make the icing. Use a whisk to combine sugar, egg whites, lemon juice, and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer. Empty tea bags and add loose tea to the bowl.
Set the bowl over the saucepan of simmering water; whisk until the mixture is hot and the sugar dissolves, about 2 minutes.
Transfer the bowl to the stand mixer and lock the whisk attachment in place. Beat on medium-high speed until frosting holds stiff peaks, about 7 minutes.
Transfer frosting to a large resealable plastic bag. Snip off 1 corner and pipe over the cooled cupcakes.

Submitter: 
mberthet04
Description: 
Chocolate cupcakes with a marshmallow-like Earl Grey frosting.
Categories:
Desserts
Cakes
Cupcakes
Chocolate

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
48
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
98 calories
5.3
g fat
12.4
g carbohydrates
1.2
g protein
26
mg cholesterol
41
mg sodium.
