URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275254/rhubarb-strawberry-herb-crumble-pie/
Title:
Rhubarb-Strawberry Herb Crumble Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6927578.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (9 inch) pie crust
1 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 cup brown sugar
1/2 cup cold butter, cut into cubes
10 ounces fresh rhubarb, diced
10 ounces fresh strawberries, hulled and halved
1/2 cup white sugar
2 tablespoons cornstarch
1 tablespoon lemon juice
1 tablespoon fresh lemon thyme
1 sprig fresh rosemary, leaves stripped and finely chopped

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line pie crust with a double layer of aluminum foil and a layer of pie weights or dried beans.
Mix together flour and brown sugar in a bowl. Add cold butter cubes and cut in with your fingers until mostly combined with flour mixture, allowing some medium-sized chunks of butter to remain. Place crumble mixture in the freezer.
Bake pie crust in the preheated oven until edge of crust is slightly browned, about 8 minutes. Remove from the oven, carefully remove the foil and weights, and set aside. Leave oven on.
Combine rhubarb, strawberries, white sugar, cornstarch, lemon juice, thyme, and rosemary in a large bowl; mix until fruit is well coated, and transfer mixture into the pie crust. Remove crumble mixture from the freezer and sprinkle over top.
Bake until filling is bubbly and crumble mixture has melted and browned, about 25 minutes. Allow to cool slightly before cutting.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Not your usual rhubarb pie, this fruit crumble adds fresh rosemary and citrus thyme for a herby twist. It's then baked inside a pie crust for a dessert with a sweet and crunchy top and bottom.
Categories:
Desserts
Pies
Fruit Pies
Strawberry Pie

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
368 calories
17
g fat
52.1
g carbohydrates
3
g protein
31
mg cholesterol
190
mg sodium.
