URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275274/instant-pot-vegan-corn-congee/
Title:
Instant Pot® Vegan Corn Congee Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6931078.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup uncooked short-grain white rice
7 cups vegetable broth, divided
1 ear fresh corn
1 (2 inch) piece fresh ginger, peeled and grated
1 pinch salt and freshly ground white pepper to taste
Topping:
3 spring onions, sliced
1/2 cup roasted peanuts
1/2 cup crushed roasted peanuts
6 tablespoons toasted sesame oil
3 teaspoons sesame seeds
3 teaspoons spicy chili crisp sauce

Directions:
Rinse rice under cool running water until the water runs clear. Place rice in a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) and add 6 cups of vegetable broth.
Cut corn kernels off the cob and break cob into 3 pieces. Place kernels, cob pieces, and ginger in the pot with rice and broth. Close and lock the lid. Select Porridge function and set timer for 30 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 15 minutes.  Unlock and remove the lid. Check consistency of congee. If you want a thinner congee, add the remaining 1 cup broth, 1 tablespoon at a time, until the desired thinness is reached. Remove corn cob pieces and season with salt and white pepper; stir well.
Divide congee into 6 bowls. Top with even amounts of sliced spring onions, whole peanuts, crushed peanuts, sesame oil, sesame seeds, and chili crisp.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Short-grain rice and fresh corn is cooked in vegetable broth in the Instant Pot® to cut down on time without compromising flavor. This is a vegan and gluten-free version of the Asian comfort food. It can be used as a base to serve additional ingredients on the side like cooked chicken or turkey. This will keep in the refrigerator for up to 5 days.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
calories
fat
carbohydrates
protein
cholesterol
sodium.
