URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275364/refrigerator-giardiniera/
Title:
Refrigerator Giardiniera Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6950015.jpg
Ingredients:
2 small yellow summer squash - halved, seeded, and cut into 1/2-inch sticks
2 large carrots, peeled and sliced
1 medium head cauliflower, broken into small florets
1 orange bell pepper, cut into 1/2-inch dice
1 red bell pepper, cut in 1/2-inch dice
1 large candy onion or mild white onion, halved and sliced into 1/4-inch rings
2 red chile peppers, seeded and sliced into strips
1/2 cup pickling salt
cold water to cover
3 cloves garlic, sliced
3 teaspoons dried oregano
3 sprigs fresh oregano
1 teaspoon red pepper flakes
1 teaspoon crushed black pepper
3 bay leaves
1 cup white vinegar (5% acidity)
1/2 cup olive oil, or more as needed
1/2 cup grapeseed oil, or more as needed

Directions:
Combine summer squash, carrots, cauliflower, orange and red bell peppers, onion, and chile peppers in a non-reactive plastic container with a tight-fitting lid. Add salt and water to cover. Cover with the lid and shake gently to evenly distribute the salt. Let stand at room temperature overnight.
Drain the vegetables in a colander. Rinse thoroughly with cold tap water and drain well.
Inspect three 1-quart jars for cracks and rings for rust, discarding any defective ones. Immerse in simmering water to sterilize.
Place 1 sliced garlic clove, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 oregano sprig, 1/3 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1/3 teaspoon black pepper, and 1 bay leaf in each jar. Add the vegetables, packing them tightly into the jar but not so tight that they get blemished.
Whisk 1/2 cup olive oil, 1/2 cup grapeseed oil, and vinegar together in a bowl until evenly combined. Pour mixture over the vegetables so they are completely covered. Mix more olive oil and grapeseed oil, in equal amounts, if more liquid is needed.
Cover jars with plastic storage caps and refrigerate for 2 days before using. The giardiniera keeps in the refrigerator for about 2 weeks.

Submitter: 
nch
Description: 
This is a giardiniera with mostly vegetables from my garden but, unlike most giardiniera recipes, it does not contain celery. Depending on the type of chile pepper you are using, you can make the giardiniera as hot or mild as you like. Note that this giardinera is a quick refrigerator pickle and not for canning; it should be eaten within a couple of weeks. The yield varies depending on the size of the vegetables you are using.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Pickled

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 d 8 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
195 calories
18.4
g fat
7.6
g carbohydrates
1.7
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
4636
mg sodium.
