URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275331/pumpkin-cinnamon-rolls-from-scratch/
Title:
Pumpkin Cinnamon Rolls from Scratch Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 cups warm milk
1 (15 ounce) can pumpkin puree
2/3 cup shortening
2/3 cup white sugar
2 eggs
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 (.25 ounce) packages active dry yeast
7 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, or more as needed
4 tablespoons brown sugar, or more to taste
1 tablespoon milk, or as needed
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, or as needed
1 apple - peeled, cored, and chopped (optional)
2 tablespoons raisins, or to taste (optional)
2 tablespoons chopped toasted walnuts, or to taste (optional)
Frosting:
1 cup butter
2 cups brown sugar
1/2 cup milk
3 cups confectioners' sugar, or more as needed

Directions:
Mix milk, pumpkin, shortening, sugar, eggs, and salt together in a large mixing bowl using a hand mixer. Sprinkle yeast over mixture and stir gently until yeast is dissolved and well mixed. Mix in 2 cups flour at a time until mixture begins to get thick. Set mixer aside. Continue adding flour gradually, kneading by hand until dough is smooth and no longer wet and sticky.
Place dough into a bowl, cover with a wet cloth, and set in a warm place until doubled in size, about 45 minutes.
Roll out each dough portion on a lightly floured surface into a rectangle shape about 1/2-inch thick. Combine brown sugar and milk in a small bowl to form a paste; smooth sugar-milk paste evenly across both dough rectangles and sprinkle generously with cinnamon. Add apple, raisins, and walnuts.
Roll up rectangles and slice into 1 1/2-inch sections. Place rolls into 7 greased pie pans, gently pressing down on rolls with your fingers to squish into the pans. Set rolls in a warm place until puffy, about 30 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bake in the preheated oven until light brown, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from the oven, tip rolls out of pans, and let cool on wire racks completely, 20 to 30 minutes.
Melt butter in a saucepan over low heat and add brown sugar. Boil over low heat for 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Stir in milk and return to a boil. Remove from heat and let butter mixture cool to lukewarm temperature, about 10 minutes.
Pour butter mixture into a mixing bowl. Beat using an electric mixer while adding powdered sugar gradually until it reaches a spreading consistency. If frosting gets too stiff, add warm water or more milk and beat.
Frost cooled rolls with frosting.

Submitter: 
vonn
Description: 
This pumpkin recipe is modified from a family recipe for potato-cinnamon rolls. The pumpkin flavor gets very strong and somewhat bitter if the baked rolls are left at room temperature for a couple days. This recipe is best eaten or frozen the same day.
Categories:
Bread
Yeast Bread

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
2 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
40
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
274 calories
9.1
g fat
45.5
g carbohydrates
3.6
g protein
22
mg cholesterol
159
mg sodium.
