URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275301/peppermint-tea-chocolate-cake/
Title:
Peppermint Tea Chocolate Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Cake:
1 cup water
6 peppermint tea bags
1/2 cup unsalted butter, softened
3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, broken into pieces
2 cups white sugar
2 eggs, separated
1 1/4 cups sour cream
1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda
2 cups all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
Glaze:
1/2 cup mini chocolate chips
1 tablespoon butter
2 tablespoons half-and-half, or more as needed
1/2 cup confectioners' sugar
1/4 teaspoon peppermint extract

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a fluted tube pan (such as Bundt(R)).
Bring water to a boil in a saucepan. Steep tea bags in the water for 5 minutes. Squeeze tea bags over the saucepan and discard. Bring tea to a boil.
Combine butter and chocolate in a large mixing bowl. Pour in the hot tea; whisk until melted. Beat in sugar and egg yolks using an electric mixer.
Mix sour cream and baking soda together in a separate bowl. Add to the batter, mixing well. Mix in flour and baking powder.
Beat egg whites in a glass or metal bowl until stiff peaks form. Fold into the batter. Pour batter into the prepared pan.
Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 40 minutes. Cool in the pan for 10 minutes, then invert onto a plate. Let cool completely, about 30 minutes.
Make glaze while the cake is cooling. Melt chocolate chips and butter together in a small saucepan over low heat. Stir in half-and-half until blended. Remove from heat; stir in confectioners' sugar and peppermint extract. Drizzle over cooled cake.

Submitter: 
JenniferLL
Description: 
Made with a cup of mint tea, this is a very moist cake. Since there's a hint of mint in the cake, I drizzle the top with a chocolate-mint glaze.
Categories:
Desserts
Cakes
Chocolate Cake

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 55 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
328 calories
15.6
g fat
46.8
g carbohydrates
4
g protein
49
mg cholesterol
176
mg sodium.
