URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275322/vegan-burritos-/
Title:
Vegan Burritos  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 1/4 cups water
1 cup uncooked brown rice
1 (10 ounce) can diced tomatoes and green chiles (such as RO*TEL®)
3 teaspoons ground cumin
2 teaspoons ground turmeric
1 teaspoon chopped fresh basil
1 pinch garlic powder, or to taste
1 pinch salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 pinch seasoned salt, or to taste
2 tablespoons olive oil
2 large red potatoes, cubed
1 green bell pepper, chopped
1 medium onion, chopped
1 clove garlic, minced, or to taste
1 (15 ounce) can black beans, rinsed and drained
6 flour tortillas
1 cup fresh spinach, or to taste
1 cup chopped romaine lettuce, or to taste
1/4 cup salsa, or to taste

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a baking sheet.
Bring water and brown rice to a boil in a saucepan. Stir in diced tomatoes with chile peppers. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until rice is tender and liquid has been absorbed, about 50 minutes.
While rice is cooking, mix cumin, turmeric, basil, garlic powder, salt, pepper, and seasoned salt together in a large bowl. Add olive oil. Toss potatoes in the mixture until well coated. Lay potatoes in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until fork-tender, 15 to 30 minutes, depending on the size of the cubes, checking halfway through cooking time and flipping over as needed.
While potatoes are cooking, heat a skillet over medium heat. Saute bell pepper and onion in the hot pan until softened, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and cook for 1 minute. Remove from heat and set aside.
Heat black beans in a saucepan over medium-low heat until hot, 2 to 3 minutes. Keep warm.
Meanwhile, heat tortillas in a separate skillet over low heat until warm, 1 to 2 minutes, or according to package instructions.
Lay out tortillas and fill as desired with cooked rice, beans, potatoes, pepper-onion mixture, spinach, romaine lettuce, and salsa as desired. Wrap up into burritos and serve.

Submitter: 
Em
Description: 
Way better than Moe's®! These vegan burritos are easy to make and delicious!
Categories:
Everyday Cooking
Vegan

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
495 calories
9.7
g fat
89.3
g carbohydrates
14.6
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
841
mg sodium.
