URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275369/fresh-figs-and-chicken-thighs-in-shallot-balsamic-reduction/
Title:
Fresh Figs and Chicken Thighs in Shallot-Balsamic Reduction Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F6929317.jpg
Ingredients:
8  skinless, boneless chicken thighs
salt and ground black pepper to taste
3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
10  fresh figs, stemmed and quartered
1 ½ cups chicken broth
¼ cup balsamic vinegar
1 large shallot, sliced lengthwise
1 tablespoon minced fresh rosemary
fresh rosemary, for garnish

Directions:
Pat chicken thighs dry and season both sides with salt and pepper.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat until shimmering. Add chicken thighs and cook, 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Add figs, chicken broth, balsamic vinegar, and shallot. Bring contents to a boil, cover, reduce heat, and let simmer until chicken thighs are no longer pink in the centers and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the centers reads at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C), about 8 minutes. Transfer thighs to a serving plate and keep warm.
Remove figs from the skillet using a slotted spoon and place them around the chicken on the plate.
Add minced rosemary to the skillet contents, increase heat to medium-high, and allow contents to come to a full boil to create a the reduction. Continue to boil, stirring often, until liquid reduces to approximately 1 cup, 8 to 10 minutes. Drizzle balsamic reduction over chicken and figs and garnish with rosemary sprigs. Serve warm.

Submitter: 
Bibi
Description: 
Chicken thighs and fresh figs are simmered in and topped with a shallot-balsamic reduction in this one-pot dinner dish that's perfect for entertaining.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
45 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
200 calories
10.3
g fat
14.7
g carbohydrates
12.5
g protein
44
mg cholesterol
281
mg sodium.
