URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275320/skinny-green-bean-casserole-/
Title:
Skinny Green Bean Casserole  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7008082.jpg
Ingredients:
nonstick cooking spray
Topping:
1 teaspoon olive oil
1 large onion, thinly sliced
1/2 cup coarse bread crumbs, or more to taste
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 pinch dried parsley flakes, or to taste
2 cups skim milk
1 bay leaf
1 teaspoon olive oil
1 small yellow onion, minced
1 clove garlic, minced
3 cups mushrooms, thinly sliced
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
cup all-purpose flour
1/4 cup nonfat sour cream
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 pinch ground nutmeg
1 (9 ounce) package frozen cut green beans

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Spray a casserole dish with nonstick cooking spray.
Heat olive oil for topping in a skillet over medium heat. Add onion and cook until just golden, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from heat.
Mix bread crumbs, salt, pepper, and parsley together in a bowl. Toss onions in bread crumb mixture until fully coated. Set topping aside.
Pour milk into a microwave-safe bowl and add bay leaf. Heat in a microwave until scalding, about 1 minute; remove bay leaf. Set aside.
Heat 1 teaspoon oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and cook and stir until just golden, about 5 minutes. Add mushrooms, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper; cook until mushrooms are tender, about 5 minutes more. Sprinkle flour over mixture and saute until flour is starting to brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Slowly stir in milk and bring to a simmer; cook until thickened, about 10 minutes.
Remove from heat and add sour cream, salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Adjust seasonings if necessary.
Place green beans into the bottom of the prepared casserole dish and pour sauce over green beans. Top with bread crumb-onion topping.
Bake in the preheated oven until golden and bubbly, 15 to 25 minutes.

Submitter: 
wifeyluvs2cook
Description: 
My aunt makes this every year for Thanksgiving, and it's wonderful. It's a little bit more wholesome than the ones with the cream of soups, but just as good!
Categories:
Side Dish
Casseroles
Green Bean Casserole

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
191 calories
3.7
g fat
30
g carbohydrates
10.7
g protein
5
mg cholesterol
841
mg sodium.
