URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275350/beet-pasta/
Title:
Beet Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6925330.jpg
Ingredients:
1 medium beet
3 teaspoons olive oil, divided
1 3/4 cups Italian-style 00 flour
1/2 cup semolina flour
1 large egg
1 pinch salt
3 tablespoons water, or as needed

Directions:
Place beet into a saucepan; pour in enough water to cover beet by 1 inch. Bring water to a boil and reduce heat to medium-low. Cover and simmer until beet is easily pierced with a fork, 25 to 30 minutes. Remove beet to a plate to cool. When cool enough to handle, remove and discard peel.
Place beet in the bowl of a mini food processor. Add 2 teaspoons olive oil and process until pureed. Measure out 4 tablespoons beat puree and reserve the remainder for another use.
Mix together 00 flour and semolina flour on a marble or wooden work surface. Make a well in the center and crack in egg; add 4 tablespoons beet puree, salt, and remaining 1 teaspoon olive oil. Gently beat egg with a fork, incorporating the surrounding flour, until batter is runny. Bring remaining flour into the batter using a bench scraper until dough forms a ball. Mix in water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until dough comes together and has the consistency of play dough; dough should not be sticky.
Knead dough with your hands by flattening the ball, stretching it, and folding the top towards the center. Turn 45 degrees and repeat until dough is soft and smooth, about 5 minutes.
Shape dough into a ball. Place in a bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes.
Divide the dough into 8 sections, working with 1 section at a time.
Attach the pasta roller to your Kitchen Aid(R) or use a pasta machine.
Use the #6 setting and pass the dough through the roller, folding it in on itself, 5 times in total. There will be holes in the pasta sheet the first few times which is normal.
Change the setting to #3 and put the sheet of pasta through once. Set aside and cover with a slightly damp towel.
Remove the roller from the pasta machine and attach the fettuccine cutter. Process each sheet and hang to dry. Allow the pasta to dry slightly, this will produce cooked pasta that is slightly al dente.

Submitter: 
Bren
Description: 
Adding beet puree to homemade pasta dough produces red-colored pasta. I use both semolina and 00 flour in my dough. I turned the pasta dough into fettuccine, but you can make other shapes as well.
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
Italian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
165 calories
3.8
g fat
26.8
g carbohydrates
5.5
g protein
31
mg cholesterol
49
mg sodium.
