URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275334/curried-pumpkin-coconut-soup/
Title:
Curried Pumpkin-Coconut Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
4 tablespoons unsalted butter
1 sweet onion, roughly chopped
2 tablespoons minced garlic
5 tablespoons curry powder, divided
2 red bell peppers, chopped
1 carrot, chopped
1 green apple - peeled, cored, and chopped
3 tablespoons ground turmeric
2 tablespoons ground thyme
1 (1 inch) piece fresh ginger, finely chopped
1 (29 ounce) can pumpkin puree
1 (14 ounce) can cream of coconut
2 (32 fluid ounce) containers vegetable broth
2 tablespoons honey, divided, or to taste
salt to taste
2 pinches cayenne pepper, divided, or to taste
2 pinches red pepper flakes, divided, or to taste
1/2 cup roughly ground roasted peanuts (optional)
2 tablespoons Sriracha sauce

Directions:
Melt butter over medium heat in a large stockpot. Add onion, garlic, and 2 tablespoons curry powder; coat with butter and cook and stir for about 2 minutes.
Add bell peppers, carrot, and apple to the pot. Toss to coat and cook in the butter; add remaining curry powder, turmeric, and thyme. Let vegetables cook in the butter, stirring regularly, for about 6 minutes. Stir in ginger.
Pour pumpkin and coconut cream into the pot and toss to incorporate, about 2 minutes. Pour in vegetable broth, cover, and cook over medium-low heat until vegetables are all soft, 30 to 35 minutes. Season with 1 tablespoon honey, salt, 1 pinch cayenne pepper, and 1 pinch red pepper flakes.
Add soup to a blender or a food processor in batches and puree until smooth. Pour puree into a separate stockpot if serving immediately, or into a glass storage jar if holding overnight. Toss in peanuts.
Warm pureed soup over low heat, about 5 minutes; season with remaining honey, salt, cayenne, red pepper flakes, and Sriracha sauce and serve.

Submitter: 
mstrixie
Description: 
An easy, pureed pumpkin-coconut curry soup that is perfect for parties. It can be made as mild or spicy as you like, and is vegetarian simply by using vegetable broth instead of chicken broth. 

The addition of ground peanuts gives a lovely bit of texture that my family loves. If you prefer a creamy soup, simply omit these.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Curry Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
208 calories
10.1
g fat
28.8
g carbohydrates
3.2
g protein
8
mg cholesterol
494
mg sodium.
