URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275335/pumpkin-risotto-with-caramelized-onions-and-candied-walnuts/
Title:
Pumpkin Risotto with Caramelized Onions and Candied Walnuts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 pie pumpkin
4 tablespoons olive oil, divided
4 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided
1 onion, cut into half-moons
1 cup chopped walnuts
2 tablespoons white sugar
2 (14 ounce) cans vegetable broth
2 teaspoons dried sage, divided
1 cup Arborio rice
1/2 teaspoon dried rosemary
1/4 cup dry white wine
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese
ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Slice top off of pumpkin and cut in 1/2. Scoop out and discard seeds and pulp. Place pumpkin cut-side down on a baking tray.
Bake in the preheated oven until easily pierced with a fork, 30 to 45 minutes. Scoop flesh from rind into a food processor and blend into a puree.
Meanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil and 1 tablespoon butter in a pan over medium-low heat. Add onion and cook, stirring frequently, until brown, wilted, and sweet, 15 to 30 minutes.
At the same time, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add walnuts and cook for 5 minutes. Add sugar and stir constantly until coated, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside.
Whisk pumpkin puree and vegetable broth together in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer, about 5 minutes, then reduce heat to low.
Warm 1 1/2 tablespoons butter in a small pan and add 1 teaspoon sage, about 1 minute. Set sage butter aside.
Warm remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add rice; cook and stir until coated with oil and slightly translucent, about 3 minutes. Stir in remaining 1 teaspoon sage and rosemary. Add wine and stir until absorbed, 2 to 3 minutes.
Add pumpkin-broth mixture to the rice 2 ladlefuls at a time, stirring well after each addition. Wait until liquid is almost completely absorbed before adding more, about 7 minutes between additions, until all broth is added and rice is tender and creamy, about 30 minutes total.
Stir Parmesan cheese, remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons butter, and pepper into the risotto. Drizzle with sage butter and coated walnuts before serving.

Submitter: 
MMMICHELLE
Description: 
This recipe is a bit labor-intensive, but so worth it for a really special meal or to satisfy that craving for savory fall fare. This creamy pumpkin risotto is a very comforting dish on a cold night! Just add a protein to make it a meal! I recommend tofu, pork, or chicken.
Categories:
Main Dish
Rice
Risotto

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
557 calories
31.9
g fat
59.3
g carbohydrates
11.5
g protein
26
mg cholesterol
376
mg sodium.
