URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275476/chile-verde-stew-with-pork-and-tomatillos/
Title:
Chile Verde Stew with Pork and Tomatillos Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
3 1/2 pounds pork tenderloin, cut into 1/2-inch cubes
1/2 cup all-purpose flour, or as needed
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 tablespoons olive oil, divided
3/4 pound fresh tomatillos, husks removed and halved
4 cloves garlic, minced
2 medium onion, chopped
2 cups chicken broth
1/2 tablespoon ground cumin
1/2 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano
1 bay leaf
1/2 pound serrano chile peppers, seeded and chopped
1/2 pound green chile peppers, seeded and chopped
1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped
1/8 cup chopped fresh cilantro

Directions:
Set an oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler.
Dust pork cubes in flour and season with salt and pepper.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Brown pork in the hot oil, about 5 minutes. Set aside. Place tomatillos and garlic cloves into a baking pan.
Broil tomatillos and garlic in the preheated oven for 7 minutes. Turn off the broiler and let rest in the oven for 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool enough to handle, about 10 minutes. Mince roasted garlic.
Heat remaining tablespoon oil in a pot over medium-high heat. Saute onion in the hot oil until softened, about 5 minutes. Add browned pork, chicken broth, minced garlic, cumin, oregano, and bay leaf; reduce heat to low and let simmer.
Mix roasted tomatillos, serrano peppers, green chile peppers, and jalapeno pepper together in a bowl. Add to the pot. Continue to simmer over low heat until pork is tender and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of a cube reads at least 145 degrees F (63 degrees C), about 20 minutes. Stir in cilantro and remove bay leaf before serving.

Submitter: 
Sharky
Description: 
This chile verde pork stew uses spicy peppers and fresh tomatillos for delicious flavor and texture.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Stews
Pork

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
281 calories
8.5
g fat
16.7
g carbohydrates
33.9
g protein
87
mg cholesterol
385
mg sodium.
