URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275466/vegetable-soup-with-chicken-and-tomatillos/
Title:
Vegetable Soup with Chicken and Tomatillos Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
4 stalks celery, chopped
1 large onion, chopped
4 cubes chicken bouillon
3 (32 fluid ounce) containers vegetable broth
4 cups fresh green beans, trimmed and cut into bite-size pieces
2 (14 ounce) cans diced tomatoes with green chiles
2 cups chopped fresh tomatillos
6 cloves garlic, minced
4 small zucchini, cubed
2 medium jalapeno peppers, finely chopped
2 medium Spanish onions, chopped
2 medium green bell peppers, chopped
1 medium poblano pepper, chopped
2 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano
1 teaspoon ground cumin
4 roasted red peppers
2 tablespoons chipotle peppers in adobo sauce
2 cups chopped fresh cilantro
4 tablespoons fresh lime juice
1 1/2 teaspoons salt

Directions:
Place chicken, celery, onion, and chicken bouillon into a large soup pot and add water just to cover. Bring to a boil over high heat; reduce heat to low and let simmer until chicken breasts are no longer pink in the centers, 20 to 30 minutes. Transfer chicken to a plate and shred into medium-size pieces using 2 forks. Set aside.
Add vegetable broth, green beans, diced tomatoes with chiles, tomatillos, garlic, zucchini, jalapeno peppers, onions, bell peppers, poblano pepper, oregano, and cumin to the pot.
Puree roasted red peppers and chipotle peppers in adobo in a blender or food processor; add to soup and stir to combine. Cover and bring to a boil over high heat. Stir in shredded chicken. Reduce heat to low and let simmer, partly covered, for 30 minutes. Stir in cilantro, lime juice, and salt. Serve.

Submitter: 
Bill G
Description: 
A Mexican twist to a great veggie soup with tomatillos. Eliminate chicken and you have a marvelous vegan pleaser.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Chicken Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
95 calories
1.5
g fat
10.9
g carbohydrates
9.7
g protein
20
mg cholesterol
793
mg sodium.
