URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275423/homemade-dog-food-with-beef/
Title:
Homemade Dog Food with Beef Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 pounds ground beef
6 cups water, or more as needed
4 cups uncooked brown rice
1 pound assorted beef bones (shin, shank, short ribs, or marrow bones)
1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary
1 (15 ounce) can sliced carrots, drained
1 (13.5 ounce) can spinach, drained
6 eggs
1 (15 ounce) can pumpkin puree

Directions:
Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir ground beef in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain and discard grease.
Place 6 cups water and brown rice into a stockpot. Add browned beef, bones, and rosemary; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low or low and let simmer, stirring occasionally to prevent burning, until rice is mushy, about 45 minutes. Add water if necessary to keep mixture a little thicker than a porridge-like consistency.
Meanwhile, place carrots, spinach, and eggs with their shells into an electric blender. Blend until completely pureed and no eggshells are intact.
Mix pumpkin and blended egg mixture in a bowl until combined. Remove meat mixture from heat and pour egg mixture into the pot to cook the eggs in hot contents, about 5 minutes. Let cool thoroughly before feeding to your dog, about 30 minutes.

Submitter: 
dish567
Description: 
My Samoyed, as he grew out of puppyhood, refused to eat kibble (and even canned food) and would go days without eating or eating very little until he lost weight. Frustrated, I did some research and started giving him this homemade dog food twice a day. He is back to a normal weight, and is very happy! Store leftovers in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 1 week. Serve without bones; give separately as a treat as desired and use caution.
Categories:
Fruits and Vegetables
Vegetables
Squash

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
846 calories
26.6
g fat
107.4
g carbohydrates
43.4
g protein
258
mg cholesterol
369
mg sodium.
