URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275490/fried-chicken-sandwich/
Title:
Fried Chicken Sandwich Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F2505573.jpg
Ingredients:
3  skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
12  dill pickle slices, with brine
peanut oil for frying
1 cup all-purpose flour
2 tablespoons powdered sugar
1 teaspoon salt
paprika
½ teaspoon ground black pepper
½ teaspoon celery salt
½ teaspoon dried basil
2 large eggs
milk
2 tablespoons butter, softened
6  sandwich buns

Directions:
Place each chicken breast between 2 sheets of heavy plastic on a solid, level surface. Firmly pound chicken with the smooth side of a meat mallet to an even thickness. Cut each breast in half and place in a bowl. Pour pickle brine on top and let sit for 1 hour.
Meanwhile, mix flour, powdered sugar, salt, paprika, pepper, celery salt, and basil in a bowl.
Whisk eggs and milk together in another bowl.
Drain liquid from the chicken and rinse off briefly. Shake any excess liquid from chicken.
Heat oil in a deep-fryer or large skillet to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Dip each piece of chicken into the flour mixture, then into the egg-milk mixture, then coat again with the flour. Dip each piece again, if desired.
Deep-fry chicken, 3 pieces at a time, until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Let chicken rest on a cooling rack set over a baking sheet for 5 minutes. While chicken is resting, lightly butter each sandwich bun and toast them in a skillet.
Add 2 pickle slices to the bottom of each bun, then a chicken piece, then top with the other bun. Repeat to make remaining sandwiches.

Submitter: 
RainbowJewels
Description: 
These are pretty darn close to those Chick-fil-A sandwiches found in the mall food court. I like to make them on Sundays. Serve with waffle fries!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 35 mins
Number of servings: 
1 hr 5 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
405 calories
19.9
g fat
183.2
g carbohydrates
16.5
g protein
105
mg cholesterol
1440
mg sodium.
