URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275445/cherry-tomato-and-cheese-galette/
Title:
Cherry Tomato and Cheese Galette Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6959404.jpg
Ingredients:
Dough:
1 1/3 cups all-purpose flour
2 tablespoons cornmeal
1/2 teaspoon fine salt
1/2 cup frozen unsalted butter, cubed
1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar
1/4 cup ice water
Filling:
1 (8 ounce) package soft goat cheese
1 egg yolk
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 pinch cayenne pepper
2 tablespoons sliced fresh basil
3 cups cherry tomatoes, halved
1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil
1 teaspoon Dijon mustard
1 egg, beaten
2 teaspoons water
2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, or to taste
1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil, or as desired
sea salt to taste

Directions:
Combine flour, cornmeal, salt, and frozen butter in a food processor. Pulse until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Add vinegar and ice water and pulse again until mixture comes together in clumps, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed.
Wrap dough up in plastic wrap and shape into a disc. Refrigerate until thoroughly chilled, about 1 hour.
Combine goat cheese, egg yolk, kosher salt, pepper, cayenne, and basil in a bowl. Mix using a spatula until smooth and soft.
Place dough on a lightly floured work surface and sprinkle top with flour. Roll out into 1/8-inch-thick circle, about 13 inches in diameter. Roll dough over the rolling pin and transfer onto a 12-inch pizza pan; refrigerate until ready to use.
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Mix tomatoes, 1 tablespoon olive oil, and Dijon mustard together in a bowl.
Drop spoonfuls of the cheese mixture onto the dough and spread evenly, leaving about 1 1/2-inch space on the sides. Place tomato mixture on top of cheese using a slotted spoon. Fold excess dough up and over tomatoes, creating a pleat every 3 inches or so by gently pressing and folding.
Combine beaten egg and water in a small bowl; brush over crust. Sprinkle Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese over galette.
Place a foil-lined pan on the rack under galette to catch any possible drips. Bake in the preheated oven until well browned on bottom and top, 30 to 35 minutes.
Remove from the oven and let cool completely, about 30 minutes. Sprinkle with remaining olive oil and sea salt. Serve room temperature or chilled.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
While ‘galette' sounds a little fancy, they're actually one of the easier type of pies to make, and above and beyond the simple technique, they are incredibly adaptable to whatever is in season. Whether that's sweet fruit or savory vegetables, there are very few things you can't galette. Garnish with fresh basil if desired.
Categories:
Main Dish
Savory Pies
Vegetarian Pie

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
2 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
228 calories
16.1
g fat
14.2
g carbohydrates
7
g protein
67
mg cholesterol
335
mg sodium.
