URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275565/spicy-plum-jam/
Title:
Spicy Plum Jam Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
4 dried habanero peppers
4 dried New Mexico red chile peppers
2 medium oranges, thinly sliced
water to cover
3 3/4 cups white sugar, divided
2 1/2 pounds fresh plums, pitted and halved
4 cinnamon sticks, broken into pieces
lemon, juiced
1 tablespoon ground coriander

Directions:
Place habanero peppers, chile peppers, and orange slices into a wide shallow saucepan. Add just enough water to cover. Add 1 cup sugar, bring to a simmer, and poach until oranges are translucent and chiles are soft, about 15 minutes.
Use tongs to remove habanero and chile peppers to a plate. Use latex or nitrile gloves and snip tops off all peppers with a pair of scissors. Cut down the sides of the peppers to remove the seeds; set seeds aside. Snip peppers into small, thin pieces and return to the saucepan with the oranges. Add some (or all) of the seeds, depending on how hot you want it.
Add plums, remaining 2 3/4 cups sugar, cinnamon sticks, lemon juice, and coriander to the saucepan and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat, transfer to a large ceramic bowl, cover with parchment paper, and let sit 8 hours to overnight.
Return plum mixture to the saucepan and bring to a simmer. Simmer until jam is set and measures 220 degrees F (105 degrees C) with a sugar thermometer, 30 to 35 minutes.
Meanwhile, inspect four 8-ounce jars for cracks and rings for rust, discarding any defective ones. Immerse in simmering water until jam is ready. Wash new, unused lids and rings in warm soapy water.
Pack jam into hot, sterilized jars, filling to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a clean knife or thin spatula around the insides of the jars to remove any air bubbles. Wipe rims with a moist paper towel to remove any residue. Top with lids and screw rings on tightly.
Let jars rest upside-down, several inches apart, for 12 to 24 hours. Press the center of each lid with a finger to ensure the lid does not move up or down. Remove the rings for storage and store jam in a cool, dark area.

Submitter: 
Squeedle
Description: 
I really like spicy and sweet together. This is my modification of Plum-Orange-Cardamom Jam from Mes Confitures by Christine Ferber. You can adjust the spiciness to your own taste. My first batch used only two habaneros and three red chiles, with only the seeds of the habaneros removed, and it was very mild. Eat it on toast, or try it as a chicken or lamb glaze.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Jams and Jellies

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
21 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
64
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
58 calories
0.1
g fat
14.9
g carbohydrates
0.2
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
< 1
mg sodium.
