URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275564/moms-christmas-plum-pudding/
Title:
Mom's Christmas Plum Pudding Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Pudding:
2 (15 ounce) cans purple plums - drained, pitted, and chopped
16 ounces gingersnaps, crushed
2 cups all-purpose flour
1 1/2 cups white sugar
3/4 cup milk
3/4 cup melted butter
3 eggs, beaten
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg
Brandy Sauce:
1 1/2 cups white sugar
1/3 cup half-and-half
3 tablespoons butter
3 tablespoons brandy
3 tablespoons light corn syrup

Directions:
Generously grease a 12-cup steamed pudding mold and its lid.
Stir together plums, crushed gingersnaps, flour, sugar, milk, butter, eggs, baking powder, salt, cinnamon, and nutmeg for the pudding. Pour into the prepared pudding mold and cover with the lid. Place the mold on a rack in a deep, 8-quart pot. Add boiling water to halfway up the side of the mold, making sure water does not touch the lid.
Cover the pot and simmer for 3 hours 45 minutes, adding more boiling water, if necessary. Remove the pudding mold from the pot and cool on a wire rack until pudding pulls away from the side of the mold, about 30 minutes.
While pudding is cooling, combine sugar, half-and-half, butter, brandy, and corn syrup in a small, heavy saucepan. Cook over low heat, stirring occasionally, until butter melts, and sugar dissolves, 3 to 5 minutes.
Invert pudding onto a platter and serve immediately alongside warm brandy sauce.

Submitter: 
DiesOutHere
Description: 
I love this dessert so much that now my mother makes one for dessert on Christmas and a separate one for me to take home. This pudding is very rich and small servings go a very long way. It's delicious for weeks afterward in the refrigerator. Cut a slice, add brandy sauce, microwave, and indulge while your New Year's resolution is looking the other way!
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
UK and Ireland
English

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
4 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
493 calories
15.4
g fat
84
g carbohydrates
5.1
g protein
62
mg cholesterol
530
mg sodium.
