URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275524/mediterranean-chicken-with-plum-tomatoes-and-polenta/
Title:
Mediterranean Chicken With Plum Tomatoes and Polenta Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1 ½ pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into bite-size pieces
salt and ground black pepper to taste
3 tablespoons olive oil, divided
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 (15 ounce) can chickpeas, drained
1 cup water
4  plum tomatoes - cored, seeded, and chopped
2 tablespoons pitted and chopped Kalamata olives
1 teaspoon white wine vinegar
4 cups water
1 ½ teaspoons salt
⅛ teaspoon ground black pepper
¾ cup yellow cornmeal
¼ cup grated Parmesan cheese
1 tablespoon butter
¼ cup chopped fresh parsley

Directions:
Season chicken with salt and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken and brown, about 4 minutes. Transfer chicken to a plate.
Reduce skillet heat to medium-low and add remaining 1 tablespoon oil. Add garlic and cook until soft, about 30 seconds. Add chickpeas and 1 cup water and bring to a boil; reduce heat and cook until reduced by 1/2, about 2 minutes.
Add tomatoes to the simmering skillet and cook until soft and starting to fall apart, 4 to 5 minutes. Add olives, vinegar, and browned chicken and toss until heated through and chicken is no longer pink in the center and juices run clear, about 5 minutes.
Meanwhile, bring water, salt, and pepper for polenta to a boil over high heat. Add cornmeal slowly while whisking constantly. Reduce heat to medium and simmer, whisking frequently, until thickened, 10 to 13 minutes. Remove from heat; add Parmesan cheese and butter and stir until smooth.
Add parsley to chicken mixture and plate with polenta.

Submitter: 
KrissyHipp30
Description: 
Creamy Parmesan polenta accents flavorful Mediterranean chicken in this hearty dish. Plum tomatoes, garlic, chickpeas, and olives round out the flavors.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
NA
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
50 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
350 calories
13.6
g fat
27
g carbohydrates
29
g protein
73
mg cholesterol
903
mg sodium.
