URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275537/brownie-baked-alaska/
Title:
Brownie Baked Alaska Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6982682.jpg
Ingredients:
1 serving cooking spray
Brownie Crust:
1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, softened
1 (6 ounce) bag semisweet chocolate chips
1 (1 ounce) square unsweetened chocolate, chopped
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup white sugar
2 eggs
3/4 tablespoon instant coffee granules
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Ice Cream Dome:
2 pints pistachio ice cream
2 pints strawberry ice cream
Meringue Topping:
4 egg whites, at room temperature
3/4 cup superfine sugar
1 pinch cream of tartar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees (175 degrees C). Line the bottom of a 9-inch cake pan with parchment and spray the sides with cooking spray.
Melt butter, semisweet chocolate chips, and unsweetened chocolate in a medium mixing bowl set over a double boiler, stirring frequently. Remove from heat and let cool while working on the next step.
Combine flour, baking powder, and salt in a small mixing bowl.
Whisk sugar, eggs, instant coffee, and vanilla together in another bowl until well combined. Pour in the chocolate mixture and stir to combine. Add in the flour mixture and stir until fully incorporated. Pour batter into the cake pan.
Bake in the preheated oven until edges are set and a toothpick inserted into the middle comes out clean, about 35 minutes. Cool completely in the pan, at least 30 minutes.
In the meantime, transfer ice cream to the refrigerator to warm for 15 minutes. Line a 9-inch glass mixing bowl with plastic wrap, leaving a few inches of overhang on the sides.
Remove one of the pints of pistachio ice cream and press into the bottom of the prepared bowl using a small rubber spatula. Smooth into an even layer and freeze for 15 minutes. Repeat the process with both pints of strawberry ice cream, freezing for 15 minutes between each pint.
Fold the overhanging plastic wrap over the top layer of ice cream. Freeze until solid, 10 hours to overnight.
Turn brownie out, wrap in plastic wrap, and refrigerate overnight.
Gently whisk egg whites with superfine sugar and cream of tartar over top of a double boiler until eggs are warm to the touch the sugar has dissolved, about 5 minutes. Pour meringue into the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment. Whip at a low speed until foamy. Increase speed and beat until stiff, glossy peaks form, 5 to 6 minutes. Stir in vanilla.
Unwrap chilled brownie and place on a serving tray or cake stand. Grab the plastic wrap overhang and lift the ice cream dome out of the bowl, dunking the bottom of the bowl in warm water to help it release. Place dome flat-side down on top of the brownie.
Quickly frost the dome with the meringue in a swirl pattern, covering the ice cream completely.
Toast the meringue using a brulee torch, or broil until browned. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Smart Cookie
Description: 
Pistachio and strawberry ice cream top a fudgy brownie base that's frosted with meringue and torched to create this baked Alaska. This concept is said to have emerged when a British physicist known as Count Rumford was experimenting with egg whites during the Revolutionary period and found them to be poor conductors of heat. Make sure to bake the brownie base and layer the ice creams the night before prepping the meringue.
Categories:
Desserts
Frozen Desserts
Ice Cream
Chocolate Ice Cream

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
13 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
438 calories
26.9
g fat
46
g carbohydrates
7.2
g protein
101
mg cholesterol
199
mg sodium.
