URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275551/sichuan-hot-chicken-tenders/
Title:
Sichuan Hot Chicken Tenders Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F6965131.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound boneless, skinless chicken tenders
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
3 tablespoons Sichuan peppercorn powder
1 teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon cayenne pepper
¼ teaspoon paprika
½ cup all-purpose flour
2  eggs, lightly beaten
1 tablespoon water
1 ¼ cups panko bread crumbs
2 teaspoons garlic powder
1 teaspoon onion powder
vegetable oil for frying

Directions:
Sprinkle chicken tenders with salt and pepper.
Stir together Sichuan peppercorn powder, 1 teaspoon salt, cayenne, and paprika in a small bowl; set aside.
Pour flour in a shallow bowl. Stir together eggs and water in a second bowl. Mix bread crumbs, garlic powder, onion powder, salt, and pepper in the third bowl.
Dredge chicken tenders in flour, shaking off the excess. Dip tenders in the egg mixture, and then in the bread crumb mixture to coat. Place on a plate and set aside.
Heat about 1/2-inch vegetable oil in a large, heavy skillet over medium heat until oil has a temperature of 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Fry chicken tenders in batches, flipping as needed, until they're golden brown on all sides and cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes per batch.  Check oil temperature in between batches so make sure it's back up to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) before frying the next batch.
As soon as each batch is fried, immediately season chicken tenders with Sichuan powder mixture on both sides to suit your taste; the more, the spicier.

Submitter: 
lutzflcat
Description: 
A popular dish at a fast-casual chain restaurant, hot Sichuan chicken is trending all over the US, it's a thing! It's fried crispy, no sticky sauce, and no forks required. Seriously, you'll find that the taste lingers on the tip of your tongue, it's different. Enjoy with an ice-cold Asian beer!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
NA
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
30 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
369 calories
12.1
g fat
39.6
g carbohydrates
32.6
g protein
158
mg cholesterol
879
mg sodium.
