URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275549/orange-berry-pavlova/
Title:
Orange-Berry Pavlova Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6969147.jpg
Ingredients:
Pavlova Base:
6 egg whites, room temperature
1/2 teaspoon cream of tartar
1 pinch salt
1 cup white sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon almond extract
1 1/2 tablespoons cornstarch
Orange Whipped Cream:
2 cups heavy whipping cream
1 large orange, zested
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Topping:
1 large orange, peeled and sliced
3/4 cup mixed fresh berries

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C). Draw a 9-inch circle on a large sheet of parchment paper. Place parchment on a large baking sheet with the circle facing down and centered in the pan.
Beat together egg whites, cream of tartar, and salt on high speed with an electric mixer in a bowl until soft peaks form. Add in sugar 1 tablespoon at a time, beating continuously, until stiff, glossy peaks form. Mix in vanilla and almond extracts. Sift cornstarch over the egg mixture and gently fold in until just combined.
Pour egg mixture into the center of the circle on the parchment paper on the prepared pan. Starting from the center and moving outwards, gently form the meringue into a round no larger than the drawn circle. Create an impression in the center of the meringue so the edges are slightly taller than the middle.
Place into the preheated oven and bake until the pavlova feels firm and dry to the touch, 1 to 1 1/2 hours. Turn the oven off without removing pavlova. Leave in the oven to cool for at least 1 hour.
Pour heavy whipping cream into a large bowl. Beat at medium-high speed until soft peaks form. Add orange zest and vanilla extract; beat until combined.
Gently remove pavlova base from the parchment paper and place onto a serving tray. Top with whipped cream, oranges slices, and  mixed berries. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Kim
Description: 
A sweet, marshmallow-y base, topped with unsweetened orange-flavored cream and fresh berries, makes for an impressive and delicious dessert!
Categories:
Desserts
Specialty Desserts
Pavlova

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
2 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
234 calories
14.7
g fat
23.4
g carbohydrates
3
g protein
54
mg cholesterol
56
mg sodium.
