URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275547/mini-berry-pavlovas/
Title:
Mini Berry Pavlovas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6970788.jpg
Ingredients:
Meringue:
4 egg whites
1 cup white sugar
1 teaspoon cornstarch
1/2 teaspoon cream of tartar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 pinch salt
Toppings:
1 cup whipped cream, or more to taste
3/4 cup sliced fresh berries, or more to taste

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F (135 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Beat egg whites in a glass, metal, or ceramic bowl on medium speed with an electric mixer until until soft peaks form, about 3 minutes. Slowly add sugar, cornstarch, and cream of tartar and continue beating on high speed until stiff, glossy peaks form, 3 to 5 minutes.  Add vanilla extract and salt and beat until combined, about 30 seconds.
Scoop the meringue with a spring-hinged scoop onto the prepared baking sheet and shape into individual rounds about 3 inches in diameter. Use the back of a spoon to create an indentation in the center of the meringue.
Bake in the preheated oven until the meringue is dry to the touch, about 1 hour 15 minutes. Transfer the parchment with the meringues on it to a wire rack and allow to cool. Once meringues are cool to the touch, remove from parchment and place directly on the rack to cool completely, about 1 hour.
When ready to serve, top each meringue with whipped cream and garnish with fresh berries.

Submitter: 
thedailygourmet
Description: 
Pavlova is a wonderful meringue-based dessert named for the legendary Russian ballerina, Anna Pavlova. Pavlova is commonly served with a fruit component, it is fabulous to serve for company and easy to make! For an even fancier presentation, flip a muffin tin upside down, and pipe the meringue with a large star tip around the cups.
Categories:
Desserts
Specialty Desserts
Pavlova

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
2 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
82 calories
2.8
g fat
13.6
g carbohydrates
1.1
g protein
10
mg cholesterol
27
mg sodium.
