URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275525/chicken-thighs-with-plum-tomatoes-spinach-mushrooms-and-artichoke-hearts/
Title:
Chicken Thighs with Plum Tomatoes, Spinach, Mushrooms, and Artichoke Hearts Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F7030583.jpg
Ingredients:
¼ cup olive oil
4 cloves garlic, minced
6 (4 ounce) bone-in chicken thighs
2 tablespoons sofrito
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 tablespoon olive oil, or more if needed
1 (8 ounce) package baby portobello mushrooms, sliced
1 (10 ounce) bag baby spinach
4  plum tomatoes, cored and chopped
¾ cup Cabernet Sauvignon
2 cups chicken broth, or as needed
½ cup pine nuts (pignoli)
1 (8 ounce) can artichoke hearts, drained and quartered

Directions:
Heat 1/4 cup oil in a heavy skillet over medium heat. Stir in garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add chicken thighs and cook, turning occasionally, until fully browned and garlic has burned slightly, about 10 minutes; the burnt garlic will add to the smoky flavor of the dish.
Add sofrito to the skillet and stir until chicken is coated in sofrito and oil. Season with salt and pepper. Turn heat to low and cook until chicken is no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, 10 to 15 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).  Remove from the heat and set aside.
Meanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon oil in a Dutch oven over medium heat. Add mushrooms and season with salt and pepper. Cook until mushrooms are slightly brown, adding a bit more oil if pan gets too dry, about 5 minutes. Stir in spinach and cook for 5 minutes. Add tomatoes and chicken, garlic, and sofrito mixture from the skillet; stir to mix.
Return the skillet to the stove and turn heat to high. Pour Cabernet Sauvignon into the pan and bring to a boil while scraping the browned bits of food off the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Transfer wine glaze to the Dutch oven; mix to combine. Add 2 cups chicken broth or more to fully cover the chicken. Reduce heat to low and simmer for at least 1 hour.
Shortly before serving, place pine nuts in a dry skillet over medium-low heat. Cook, stirring frequently, until browned, about 3 minutes. Add pine nuts to the chicken mixture. Stir in artichoke hearts and allow to heat for 1 minute prior to serving.

Submitter: 
Laura Del Savio
Description: 
Chicken thighs cooked on the stove with a hearty sauce of spinach, mushrooms, artichoke hearts, garlic, and sofrito. The lower the heat, the longer the cooking time and the more tender and juicy the chicken will be. Serve with linguini: place a portion of pasta on a large plate and pile the chicken mixture on top with juices and the chunks of good stuff.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 40 mins
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
813 calories
51.9
g fat
25.9
g carbohydrates
54
g protein
141
mg cholesterol
1597
mg sodium.
