URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275552/better-than-boxed-vegan-and-gluten-free-stuffing/
Title:
Better-than-Boxed Vegan and Gluten-Free Stuffing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6963119.jpg
Ingredients:
16 ounces vegan, gluten-free bread, cubed
1/2 cup vegan butter (such as Earth Balance®)
1 cup diced celery
1 cup diced onion
1 tablespoon dried parsley
1 teaspoon dried sage
1 teaspoon ground thyme
3/4 teaspoon garlic powder
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/4 teaspoon dried rosemary
1/4 teaspoon dried marjoram
2 cups vegetable broth
aluminum foil

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spread bread cubes out onto 2 baking sheets.
Bake in the preheated oven until bread cubes are dry and lightly toasted, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a large mixing bowl.
Melt vegan butter in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Add celery and onion and saute until vegetables are softened but celery still has a bit of snap, about 5 minutes. Season with parsley, sage, thyme, garlic powder, salt, pepper, rosemary, and marjoram. Cook and stir for 1 more minute. Stir in vegetable stock and bring to a boil, stirring occasionally. After it reaches a boil, remove from heat.
Pour stock, vegetable, and herb mixture over bread cubes in the mixing bowl. Stir gently until well combined. Cover the bowl with aluminum foil and let sit for 5 minutes. Remove foil, fluff stuffing with a fork, and serve.

Submitter: 
fabeverydayblog
Description: 
This vegan and gluten-free stuffing is better than the boxed stuff and very easy to make! Whether your guests are vegan, gluten-free, both, or neither, this stuffing will please the whole crowd! You can toast the bread in advance in order to save time the day you are serving the stuffing.
Categories:
Side Dish
Stuffing and Dressing
Vegetarian Stuffing and Dressing

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
307 calories
20.3
g fat
29
g carbohydrates
2
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
458
mg sodium.
