URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275558/jackfruit-carnitas/
Title:
Jackfruit Carnitas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6983147.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (19 ounce) can young green jackfruit packed in water, drained
1 (12 fluid ounce) can or bottle bitter orange soda
1/8 cup vinegar
1/4 cup vegetable oil, divided
1 lime, juiced
1 onion, halved and thinly sliced
1 tablespoon ground chili powder
1 tablespoon grated panela (unrefined cane sugar)
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 bay leaves
8 corn tortillas
1 cup sliced Mexican pickled carrots and jalapenos
1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro
1 lime, cut into 8 wedges

Directions:
Rinse jackfruit, dry, and set aside.
Whisk together soda, vinegar, 1/8 cup vegetable oil, and lime juice in a large mixing bowl. Add onion, chili powder, panela, pepper, salt, and bay leaves. Add jackfruit pieces and mix to coat. Allow to marinate for at least 1 hour.
Pour jackfruit and marinade into a nonstick skillet. Bring to a boil and simmer until the liquid has reduced by 3/4, about 20 minutes. Pour into a colander and drain; remove and discard bay leaves.
Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in the skillet over medium-high heat. Add drained jackfruit and cook, stirring with a wooden spoon to tear jackfruit into small pieces. Cook over medium-high heat, stirring constantly, until each piece is as crispy as possible, 10 to 15 minutes. Add remaining vegetable oil, if necessary.
Meanwhile, heat the corn tortillas on a griddle. Ladle equal portions of jackfruit carnitas into each tortilla. Top with pickled jalapenos and carrots. Sprinkle with cilantro and garnish each taco with a lime wedge. Serve hot.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
I saw a documentary on Michoacan-style carnitas and wanted to replicate it with a vegan version. I chose as close to authentic ingredients and methods as I could. This means boiling the jackfruit in a sweet and tangy marinade before crisping it, giving an authentic edge for a tasty taco.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Latin American
Mexican

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
202 calories
9.4
g fat
27.8
g carbohydrates
2.1
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
624
mg sodium.
