URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275617/balsamic-glazed-stuffed-chicken-breasts-with-pesto-and-parmesan/
Title:
Balsamic-Glazed Stuffed Chicken Breasts with Pesto and Parmesan Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/7058746.jpg
Ingredients:
4  skinless, boneless chicken breasts
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon dried basil
salt and ground black pepper to taste
6 teaspoons sun-dried tomato oil, divided
4 tablespoons shredded Parmesan cheese
8 tablespoons basil pesto
8 teaspoons drained and chopped oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes
1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese
toothpicks
⅓ cup balsamic vinegar
2 tablespoons brown sugar
4 cloves garlic, minced

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Cut a pocket 3/4 of the way through the thickest side of each chicken breast. Season chicken with oregano, basil, salt, and pepper. Pour 1 teaspoon sun-dried tomato oil on each breast, rubbing it and some of the seasoning inside each pocket. Fill each breast with 1 tablespoon Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons basil pesto, 2 teaspoons sun-dried tomatoes, and 1/4 cup mozzarella cheese. Insert 3 to 4 toothpicks diagonally into each breast to seal.
Heat remaining 2 teaspoons sun-dried tomato oil in a cast iron skillet over medium heat. Add stuffed chicken breasts and cook until golden, about 2 minutes per side.
While the chicken is cooking, mix together balsamic vinegar, brown sugar, and garlic in a small bowl. Pour into the skillet around the chicken. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until the balsamic glaze has thickened slightly, about 5 minutes. Spoon some glaze over each breast.
Transfer the skillet to the preheated oven and cook until cheese has melted and chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 15 to 20 minutes.
Remove toothpicks and drizzle with pan juices to serve.

Submitter: 
TomOB
Description: 
Skinless chicken breasts stuffed with pesto, sun-dried tomatoes, mozzarella, and Parmesan cheese with a garlic-balsamic vinegar glaze.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
45 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
505 calories
31.6
g fat
15.4
g carbohydrates
39.2
g protein
94
mg cholesterol
652
mg sodium.
