URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275616/prosciutto-wrapped-stuffed-chicken-with-pesto-and-spinach/
Title:
Prosciutto-Wrapped Stuffed Chicken with Pesto and Spinach Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 (10 ounce) package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and drained
1/2 cup crumbled feta cheese
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1/2 cup mayonnaise
3 tablespoons pesto, or more to taste
2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, or more to taste
6 skinless, boneless chicken breasts
3 teaspoons flavor-enhancing salt and vegetable seasoning (such as Vegeta®), or to taste
12 slices prosciutto

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Mix spinach, feta cheese, Parmesan cheese, mayonnaise, pesto, and garlic together in a bowl until well combined.
Place chicken breasts on a flat work surface. Slice horizontally through the middle, being careful not to cut all the way through to the other side. Open the 2 sides and spread them out like an open book. Pound chicken using a meat tenderizer until it is about 1/2-inch thick.
Spoon 1 to 2 tablespoons filling into breasts and form into little bundles. Sprinkle each with vegetable seasoning. Wrap 2 pieces prosciutto around each chicken breast. Place in a shallow baking dish and cover with aluminum foil.
Bake in the preheated oven for 20 minutes. Uncover and continue to bake until chicken breasts are no longer pink in the centers, about 20 minutes more. Remove from the oven.
Set an oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler.
Return chicken to the oven and broil for an additional 5 minutes.

Submitter: 
mikicia
Description: 
Chicken breasts are stuffed with spinach, cheese, and pesto before they're wrapped in prosciutto.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Pork

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
507 calories
36.7
g fat
5.5
g carbohydrates
38.2
g protein
125
mg cholesterol
1205
mg sodium.
