URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275610/cherry-berry-pie-with-whole-wheat-pie-crust/
Title:
Cherry-Berry Pie with Whole Wheat Pie Crust Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6980132.jpg
Ingredients:
Crust:
2 1/3 cups whole wheat flour
2 tablespoons pure maple syrup
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup cold butter, cut into cubes
9 tablespoons ice cold water
1 1/2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar
Filling:
4 cups fresh sour cherries, pitted
1 cup fresh blackberries
1 cup fresh blueberries
1/4 cup ground cherries, husked
1 cup pure maple syrup
1/3 cup cornstarch
2 tablespoons lemon juice
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon almond extract
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 egg, lightly beaten
1 tablespoon water

Directions:
Place flour, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, and salt into the bowl of a food processor. Pulse several times to combine. Add butter and pulse a few more times until mixture has the texture of coarse sand.
Mix cold water and vinegar together in a small measuring cup. Add 1/2 the mixture to the food processor; pulse a few times. Add additional mixture until dough comes together slightly. Divide dough in 1/2. Wrap each 1/2 in plastic wrap and form into discs. Refrigerate at least 1 hour.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Line a large baking sheet with aluminum foil and place a 9-inch pie pan on top. Set aside.
Mix sour cherries, blackberries, blueberries, and ground cherries together in a bowl. Whisk 1 cup maple syrup, cornstarch, lemon juice, vanilla extract, cinnamon, almond extract, nutmeg, and salt together in a small bowl until smooth. Pour over berries and toss to combine; set pie filling aside.
Remove 1 disc of pie dough from the refrigerator. Roll out into a 12-inch circle on a lightly floured surface. Place evenly into the bottom and over the sides of the pie pan. Roll out second piece of dough into another 12-inch circle; cut into 1-inch strips. Pour pie filling into the crust and use dough strips to form a lattice pattern on top. Remove any excess overhanging dough and crimp the edges to seal.
Whisk egg and water together in a small bowl until combined. Lightly brush egg wash over pie crust. Cover edges of pie crust with aluminum foil to prevent overbrowning.
Bake in the preheated oven for 35 minutes. Remove foil and continue baking until crust is golden and filling is bubbling, 30 to 40 minutes more. Remove from the oven and let cool completely before serving.

Submitter: 
Kim
Description: 
I made this pie as a way to use up some of the beautiful late summer fruit that Michigan has to offer. Paired with pure Michigan maple syrup, this pie has no refined sugar, and is complemented with additional flavor from a whole wheat crust. A mix of any wild berries and/or cherries should work for this, but make sure to adjust the maple syrup amount depending on the sweetness of your fruit.
Categories:
Desserts
Pies
Fruit Pies
Cherry Pie

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
3 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
484 calories
20.2
g fat
74.4
g carbohydrates
6.9
g protein
67
mg cholesterol
324
mg sodium.
