URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275605/roasted-heirloom-tomato-bell-pepper-and-goat-cheese-soup/
Title:
Roasted Heirloom Tomato, Bell Pepper, and Goat Cheese Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
12 ripe heirloom tomatoes
1 yellow onion, chopped
3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, divided
3 tablespoons olive oil, divided
2 tablespoons honey, divided
2 cloves garlic, crushed, or to taste
2 sprigs fresh rosemary
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 red bell pepper
1 cup water
1 dried bay leaf
1/2 cup milk
1/4 cup goat cheese

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Core and quarter tomatoes and scoop out the seeds. Reserve cores and seeds for the stock. Toss tomatoes, onion, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon honey, garlic, rosemary, and 1 pinch salt in a large bowl. Spread the mixture on a baking sheet.
Roast in the preheated oven, stirring occasionally, until softened and starting to brown, about 40 minutes. Discard rosemary and set tomatoes aside.
Preheat the oven's broiler. Place red bell pepper on a baking sheet lined with aluminum foil.
Cook under the preheated broiler until the skin of the pepper has blackened and blistered, 5 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and cover tightly with plastic wrap. Allow pepper to steam as it cools, about 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, combine water, reserved tomato cores and seeds, remaining honey, and bay leaf in a pot. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, for 15 minutes. Strain stock into a bowl, discarding solids.
Rinse pot and pour in strained stock. Add roasted tomatoes. Peel red bell pepper and slice flesh into strips; add to the pot. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, for 5 minutes.
Let soup cool for 10 minutes. Pour into a blender. Add milk and goat cheese; cover and blend until smooth. Pour in remaining olive oil while the blender is running. Season with salt.
Ladle soup into bowls. Garnish with remaining balsamic vinegar and a few grinds of pepper.

Submitter: 
cuceesprouts
Description: 
Pungent heirloom tomatoes are balanced by goat cheese for a rich fall soup.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Vegetable Soup
Tomato Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
299 calories
16
g fat
34.5
g carbohydrates
8.8
g protein
14
mg cholesterol
154
mg sodium.
