URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275694/pumpkin-cookies-with-maple-icing/
Title:
Pumpkin Cookies with Maple Icing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7085786.jpg
Ingredients:
Cookies:
2 cups all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice
1/2 cup shortening
1 cup brown sugar
1 cup pumpkin puree
1 large egg
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Icing:
1/2 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature
1/4 cup maple syrup
2 tablespoons pumpkin puree
1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 (16 ounce) package powdered sugar
1 drop orange gel food coloring, or as desired
1 tablespoon black sprinkles, or as desired (optional)

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.
Sift flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and pumpkin pie spice for cookies together in a large bowl. Set aside.
Combine shortening and brown sugar in a second large bowl. Beat using an electric mixer until light and fluffy, about 1 minute. Add pumpkin, egg, and vanilla extract; mix well until combined. Add 1/2 of the flour mixture and mix well. Add remaining flour mixture and mix again.
Scoop tablespoonfuls of dough onto the prepared baking sheets, arranging 2 inches apart.
Bake in the preheated oven until lightly browned at the edges, about 14 minutes, rotating baking sheets from top to bottom and front to back halfway through baking time.
While the cookies bake, combine butter and maple syrup for icing in a medium bowl. Beat using an electric mixer until smooth. Add pumpkin, pumpkin pie spice, and vanilla extract. Mix well. Add powdered sugar and beat until fluffy. Add food coloring and beat until uniform. Set aside.
Remove cookies from the oven and let cool on baking sheets for 5 minutes. Transfer cookies to a wire rack to cool completely, 20 to 30 minutes more. Pipe or spread icing onto cooled cookies and decorate with sprinkles as desired.

Submitter: 
Krista Rhodes
Description: 
These pumpkin cookies with maple icing are a mix between a cake, bread, and a cookie! The best cookies I have ever had! Leftover cookies should be refrigerated in an airtight container and allowed to come to room temperature before serving.
Categories:
Fruits and Vegetables
Vegetables
Squash

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
225 calories
8.6
g fat
36.2
g carbohydrates
1.5
g protein
18
mg cholesterol
155
mg sodium.
