URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275697/tamale-pie-with-chicken/
Title:
Tamale Pie with Chicken Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
3 large skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into thick strips
½ cup chili powder
(12 ounce) bottle olive oil
2 tablespoons minced garlic
1 tablespoon lime juice
2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons ground black pepper
1 teaspoon onion powder
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon dried oregano
2 cups water
1 (28 ounce) can diced tomatoes, drained
1 (15 ounce) can black beans, rinsed and drained
2  poblano peppers, chopped
2  jalapeno peppers, seeded and chopped (optional)
1 large onion, chopped
1  green bell pepper, chopped
4 cups masa flour
2 tablespoons chili powder
2 tablespoons white sugar
2 teaspoons baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 cup butter, softened
1 teaspoon lime juice
3 cups hot water, or as needed
1 (10 ounce) can enchilada sauce
2 cups shredded Mexican cheese blend
1 (6 ounce) can sliced black olives
1 (16 ounce) container sour cream (optional)

Directions:
Combine chicken, chili powder, 2 tablespoons oil, minced garlic, lime juice, salt, black pepper, onion powder, garlic powder, cumin, and oregano in a bowl. Let marinate 8 hours to overnight.
Pour chicken with marinade into a pot; add water. Cover and cook over medium-high heat until chicken is no longer pink in the center, about 10 minutes, stirring as needed. Reduce heat to medium-low and let simmer for 1 hour.
Transfer chicken to a large bowl and shred using 2 forks; set aside and keep warm.
Add tomatoes, beans, poblano peppers, jalapeno peppers, onion, and bell pepper to the pot. Cook veggie mixture over medium-high heat until slightly softened and onion is translucent, 10 to 15 minutes. Adjust liquid by either adding while cooking covered, or condensing water by cooking uncovered; final product should be the consistency of a thick stew. Combine vegetable mixture with shredded chicken and set filling aside.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch baking pan.
Mix masa flour, chili powder, sugar, baking powder, salt, and pepper for crust together in a bowl. Mix in butter and lime juice. Add hot water and mix until dough reaches the consistency of a thick cookie dough; mix or knead thoroughly.
Place about 1/2 of the crust mixture into the prepared pan to form a 1/2- to 3/4-inch layer covering the bottom and 3/4 up the sides. Spread filling into crust.
Flatten handfuls of remaining crust mixture to about 1/2- to 3/4-inch thickness. Lay on top of pie; continue until top is mostly covered. Spread enchilada sauce over crust. Cover with Mexican cheese. Scatter olives on top.
Bake in the preheated oven until golden and bubbly, about 45 minutes. Serve with a little enchilada sauce and a dollop of sour cream on top of each serving.

Submitter: 
Greysun
Description: 
This tamale pie with chicken is a bit of a process, but well worth the rich flavor it produces. My family loved this recipe. In the tradition of Paula Dean with all the butter I could pack in, this recipe is not for those times when you are watching your figure, but when you are looking for something good for your soul.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
NA
Prep time: 
45 mins
Ready in:
10 hrs 50 mins
Number of servings: 
8 hrs
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
624 calories
36.6
g fat
51.4
g carbohydrates
26.4
g protein
111
mg cholesterol
1490
mg sodium.
