URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275621/mexican-pickled-jalapenos/
Title:
Mexican Pickled Jalapenos  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7029144.jpg
Ingredients:
2 pounds fresh jalapeno peppers
1/2 cup thinly sliced white onion
1 large carrot, peeled and thinly sliced
2 cups distilled white vinegar (5% acidity)
2 cups water
4 teaspoons pickling salt
2 teaspoons white sugar
4 cloves garlic, crushed
2 teaspoons dried oregano
4 bay leaves
2 teaspoons black peppercorns, crushed
2 teaspoons cumin seeds
1/2 teaspoon Pickle Crisp®

Directions:
Remove the stems from jalapenos and slice into 1/4-inch thick slices. Remove some or all of the seeds, as desired, by rinsing jalapenos several times in a bowl with cold water and swirling until the seeds break off.
Inspect four 8-ounce jars for cracks and rings for rust, discarding any defective ones. Immerse in simmering water until jalapenos are ready. Wash new, unused lids and rings in warm soapy water.
Toss jalapenos, onion, and carrots together in a bowl.
Combine vinegar, water, pickling salt, and sugar in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Stir until sugar has dissolved.
Place 1 garlic clove, 1/2 teaspoon oregano, 1 bay leaf, 1/2 teaspoon crushed peppercorns, and 1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds in each jar. Distribute jalapeno mixture among the jars, packing jars tightly without crushing the vegetables.
Pour boiling pickling liquid over the vegetables, leaving 1/2 inch headspace. Remove any air bubbles and add 1/8 teaspoon Pickle Crisp(R) to each jar.
Wipe jar rims clean and place lids on jars. Put on bands and close tightly.
Process jars in a boiling water bath for 10 minutes. Turn off the heat and remove the lid of the canning pot. Let the jars sit in the hot liquid for 5 minutes, then remove and let them cool for 24 hours. Wait at least 2 days before serving, or up to 1 to 2 weeks.

Submitter: 
nch
Description: 
These taqueria-style pickled jalapenos are a great way to preserve jalapenos from your garden. This recipe is suitable for canning but make sure that the vinegar you use has 5% acidity. The pickled jalapenos go great with any Mexican dish.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Pickled

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 d 35 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
106 calories
1.9
g fat
21.2
g carbohydrates
3.9
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
2348
mg sodium.
