URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275682/no-bake-pumpkin-truffles/
Title:
No-Bake Pumpkin Truffles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
aluminum foil
nonstick cooking spray
2 1/2 cups finely ground vanilla wafers
1 cup ground almonds
2/3 cup sifted powdered sugar
2 1/2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice
2/3 cup pumpkin puree (such as Libby's®)
1/3 cup apple juice
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 (12 ounce) bags semisweet chocolate morsels
1 teaspoon vegetable oil

Directions:
Cover a baking pan with aluminum foil and spray foil with cooking spray. Spray a melon baller or cookie scoop with cooking spray.
Combine ground wafers, ground almonds, powdered sugar, and pumpkin pie spice in a large bowl; lightly mix. Add pumpkin puree, apple juice, and vanilla extract; mix until well combined. Scoop pumpkin mixture with the prepared melon baller or cookie scoop and form into 1-inch balls. Place balls on the prepared baking sheet, cover with plastic wrap, and freeze until hard, 10 to 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, place chocolate morsels in the top of a double boiler over simmering water. Add oil and stir frequently, scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula to avoid scorching, until chocolate is melted, about 5 minutes.
Remove truffles from the freezer. Poke each one with a fork to hold, and dip it in the chocolate to cover. Return to the baking sheet and repeat with remaining truffles. Return to the refrigerator to harden and dry the chocolate.

Submitter: 
The Cupcake Couple
Description: 
This is a recipe with personal rave reviews on pumpkin truffles by using some basics from the Rich Chocolate Pumpkin Truffles. My main goal was to make these like Godiva® Pumpkin Truffles, and they are pretty close. This is a fairly easy recipe, and it always turns out great.
Categories:
Fruits and Vegetables
Vegetables
Squash

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
42
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
155 calories
8.5
g fat
20.9
g carbohydrates
1.8
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
44
mg sodium.
