URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275669/reduced-sugar-cranberry-apple-streusel-pie/
Title:
Reduced-Sugar Cranberry Apple Streusel Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7032342.jpg
Ingredients:
CRUST:
1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon Sugar In The Raw®
1 tablespoon Stevia In The Raw®
1/4 teaspoon fine sea salt
10 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small cubes
Ice water
FILLING:
3 large Granny Smith apples, cored and sliced 1/2-inch thick
1 1/2 cups raw cranberries
1/3 cup Sugar In The Raw®
1/3 cup Stevia In The Raw®
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon sea salt
STREUSEL:
1/3 cup all-purpose flour
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1/3 cup old-fashioned rolled oats
3 tablespoons Sugar In The Raw®
2 tablespoons Stevia In The Raw®
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
1/4 teaspoon fine sea salt
5 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened
1 large egg, beaten

Directions:
In a large bowl, combine flour, sugar, stevia, and salt. Add butter and rub into flour with your fingers until all pieces are flattened and broken up into pieces ranging from pea-sized to nickel-sized. Add ice water gradually, stirring frequently, until mixture is moistened enough to hold together when pressed in your hand; it should not be sticky or crumbly and dry.
Transfer dough to a countertop, knead briefly just to bring it together, then flatten into a disk and wrap tightly in plastic wrap. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours and up to 2 days.
On a lightly floured countertop, roll out dough into a 12-inch round. Transfer to a 9-inch pie dish, pressing it gently into bottom of dish. Trim all but a 1-inch overhang of dough, then fold overhang back underneath itself so a thick rim of dough rests on the rim of the pie dish.
Crimp the crust rim by pressing on one side with your thumb and on the other side with your thumb and index finger. Refrigerate crust while you prepare filling and streusel.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.
In a large bowl, toss together apples, cranberries, sugar, stevia, flour, cinnamon, and salt. Scrape mixture into crust and return to refrigerator.
In a medium bowl, stir to combine 1/3 cup plus 2 tablespoons flour, oats, sugar, stevia, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves, and salt. Rub in butter until completely incorporated and mixture is crumbly.
Sprinkle streusel over pie. Place pie dish on a large baking sheet and brush crust rim with beaten egg. Bake until browned and bubbling, about 1 hour.
Let pie cool completely at room temperature before serving.

Submitter: 
In The Raw
Description: 
Granny Smith apples mingle with tart cranberries in this reduced-sugar apple pie topped with a spiced oat streusel that tastes like winter is coming.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
In The Raw&#174; Sweeteners

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
3 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
447 calories
22.9
g fat
59.8
g carbohydrates
5.2
g protein
80
mg cholesterol
69
mg sodium.
