URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275652/instant-pot-creamy-chicken-marsala-florentine/
Title:
Instant Pot® Creamy Chicken Marsala Florentine Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6990399.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon dried oregano
salt and pepper to taste
2 chicken breasts, sliced in half horizontally
2 tablespoons olive oil
3 tablespoons butter
1 cup small fresh mushrooms, stems removed
1/4 cup diced onion
1/2 cup Marsala wine
1/2 cup water
1/3 cup sun-dried tomatoes
1 cube porcini-flavored bouillon
2 cups firmly packed spinach leaves
1 (16 ounce) package spaghetti
2 tablespoons water
1/2 tablespoon potato starch
1/4 cup half-and-half

Directions:
Mix together flour, oregano, salt, and pepper in a bowl. Dust chicken slices with flour mixture and set aside.
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) and select Saute function. Add olive oil and allow to get hot. Add chicken and fry until nicely browned, about 4 minutes per side. Remove to a plate. Add butter and allow to melt. Stir in mushroom caps and onions; cook for 2 minutes. Mix in wine, water, sun-dried tomatoes, and bouillon cube. Bring to a simmer and turn off Saute mode.
Place chicken pieces on top of the sauce in the pot. Layer spinach on top of the chicken. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 4 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Meanwhile, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook spaghetti in the boiling water, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 12 minutes. Drain.
Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid.
Open lid and remove chicken to a plate. Make a slurry by mixing water with potato starch. Mix slurry into the Marsala sauce. Set mode to Saute, and bring sauce to a simmer. Whisk until sauce is thickened then turn Saute mode off. Stir in half-and-half until sauce is golden and creamy.
Distribute spaghetti amongst 4 plates, ladle sauce on top of the noodles and place chicken onto pasta.

Submitter: 
Diana71
Description: 
Nothing says fancy quite like a creamy Italian dish ... this Italian-American style chicken Marsala Florentine will wow your family and friends. It's a quick meal, spiked with flavor, featuring golden, pan-fried chicken immersed in a mushroom-studded marsala wine sauce. Serve this over pasta, rice, mashed potatoes, any type of grain, or even cauliflower rice.
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
Italian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
741 calories
20.6
g fat
100.3
g carbohydrates
29.8
g protein
61
mg cholesterol
256
mg sodium.
