URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275750/tasty-homemade-chicken-stock/
Title:
Tasty Homemade Chicken Stock Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
cooking spray
3 carrots, coarsely chopped
3 stalks celery, coarsely chopped
1 onion, coarsely chopped
3 cloves garlic, smashed, or more to taste
2 tablespoons olive oil, or as needed, divided
2 bone-in chicken parts
water as needed
3 sprigs fresh thyme, or to taste
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Spray a large rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray.
Combine carrots, celery, onion, and garlic with 1 tablespoon olive oil in a bowl. Arrange mixture loosely onto the prepared sheet, making sure not to crowd, as the vegetables will then steam instead of roast.
Roast the vegetables in the preheated oven until browned and fragrant, 15 to 25 minutes.
While the vegetables are roasting, heat remaining oil in a large stockpot over medium-high heat. Brown chicken parts in the hot oil until golden but not burned, adding 1/4 cup water at a time as needed, allowing it to boil off as to have bits stuck on the bottom of pan, 7 to 10 minutes. Pour in 1 quart water.
Transfer roasted vegetables to the stockpot. Pour 1/2 cup water onto the baking sheet, scrape up any bits,  and pour into the stockpot. Repeat if necessary.
Add thyme, salt, and pepper to the pot with 2 to 4 quarts of water, depending on the size of your pot. Reduce heat to low and let simmer for 2 to 3 hours. Taste and adjust seasoning.
Line a sieve with cheesecloth and strain broth into a large pot or bowl; broth should come out clear and golden. If not using immediately, let cool completely before pouring into Mason(R) jars and freezing until ready to use.

Submitter: 
Michelle Dombroski
Description: 
Homemade chicken stock is so much tastier than canned or carton stocks. It takes a little time, but you can make a lot of it at once.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Broth and Stocks
Chicken Stock

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
78 calories
4.9
g fat
5.8
g carbohydrates
3.6
g protein
13
mg cholesterol
59
mg sodium.
