URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275702/crispy-butchers-nuggets/
Title:
Crispy Butcher's Nuggets Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7007191.jpg
Ingredients:
Nuggets:
3 tablespoons panko bread crumbs
1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt
1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste
1 teaspoon finely minced fresh rosemary
1 clove garlic, crushed
1/4 cup milk
1 dash Worcestershire sauce
1/2 pound ground lamb
1/2 pound ground beef
Breading:
1 cup all-purpose flour, or as needed
2 large eggs, beaten
1 cup panko bread crumbs, or as needed
Secret Sauce:
1/4 cup mayonnaise
1/4 cup yellow mustard
1/4 cup ketchup
1/2 teaspoon chipotle chile powder
vegetable oil for frying

Directions:
Combine 3 tablespoons bread crumbs, kosher salt, black pepper, cayenne, rosemary, garlic, milk, and Worcestershire sauce in a bowl. Mix to create a slurry. Let sit for 15 minutes to hydrate bread crumbs.
Mix ground lamb and ground beef together gently in another bowl using 2 forks. Mix in bread crumb slurry using the same 2-fork method until just combined. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour.
Place flour, eggs, and bread crumbs in 3 separate shallow dishes. Portion out nuggets using a 1 1/2-tablespoon scoop. Roll nuggets in flour; shake off excess. Dip into beaten eggs using your free hand, shaking off excess between fingers. Transfer to bread crumbs and coat with your dry hand, pressing gently to make sure surface is covered. Sprinkle leftover bread crumbs over a plate and add the nuggets. Refrigerate, uncovered, for 1 hour.
Meanwhile, combine mayonnaise, mustard, ketchup, and chipotle powder in a bowl for sauce. Refrigerate until ready to use.
Heat oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Fry nuggets in the hot oil until golden, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate and let rest and finish cooking for 3 to 4 minutes before serving with sauce.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
These crispy fried meatballs are traditionally made by grinding up the leftover trimmings from a butcher shop, and while our version won't have the same diversity of meats, at least we'll know for sure what's in it. At Fern Bar in Sebastopol, where I stole the idea, they'll switch up the ingredients depending on what's around, as well as change the sauce underneath. Garnish these nuggets with pickled vegetables and olives.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Meat and Poultry
Meatball Appetizers

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
252 calories
14.5
g fat
21.1
g carbohydrates
12.2
g protein
69
mg cholesterol
563
mg sodium.
