URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275832/cheesy-chicken-and-corn-casserole/
Title:
Cheesy Chicken and Corn Casserole Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
4 medium skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into bite-size pieces
3 pinches salt
3 pinches ground black pepper
2 tablespoons olive oil
2 cups uncooked white rice
3 (10 ounce) packages frozen sweet corn
1 ½ (9 ounce) cans mild Cheddar cheese dip
1 (10.75 ounce) can cream of mushroom soup
1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, or to taste (optional)
1 tablespoon bacon bits, or to taste (optional)
2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Season chicken with salt and pepper.
Bring water and rice to a boil in a saucepan. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until rice is tender and water has been absorbed, 20 to 25 minutes.
While rice is cooking, heat olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Cook chicken pieces in the hot oil until no longer pink in the centers and juices run clear, 5 to 7 minutes per side.
At the same time, place a steamer insert into a saucepan and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer. Bring water to a boil. Add corn, cover, and steam until halfway tender but still crunchy, 2 to 4 minutes.
Mix chicken, rice, corn, mild Cheddar cheese dip, cream of mushroom soup, chives, and bacon bits together in a medium to large bowl. Transfer mixture to a 2-quart casserole dish. Top with shredded Cheddar cheese.
Bake in the preheated oven until cheese is melted, 30 to 40 minutes.
Preheat the oven's broiler.
Broil casserole until cheese has a golden look, about 2 minutes more. Let casserole cool for about 5 minutes before serving hot.

Submitter: 
countrygirlinthecity
Description: 
My family absolutely loved this corn casserole recipe, and it's pretty simple to make.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
NA
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 25 mins
Number of servings: 
5 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
492 calories
20.3
g fat
53.3
g carbohydrates
23.5
g protein
61
mg cholesterol
835
mg sodium.
