URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275863/pasta-salad-with-fruit-and-chicken/
Title:
Pasta Salad with Fruit and Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Dressing:
3/4 cup mayonnaise
1/2 cup sour cream
1/3 cup buttermilk
2 lemons, juiced
3 tablespoons honey
1 tablespoon poppy seeds
4 packets sugar substitute (such as Equal®)
1/2 teaspoon dry mustard
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper
1 pinch cayenne pepper
1 pinch crushed red pepper flakes
Salad:
1 1/2 cups elbow macaroni
1 (15 ounce) can pineapple tidbits, drained and chopped
1 1/2 cups chopped cooked chicken, or to taste
1 1/2 cups seedless red grapes
1/3 cup sweetened dried cranberries (such as Ocean Spray® Craisins®)
4 green onions (white and green parts), sliced
3 stalks celery, diced
1 (15 ounce) can mandarin oranges, drained and halved

Directions:
Whisk together mayonnaise, sour cream, buttermilk, lemon juice, honey, poppy seeds, sugar substitute, dry mustard, salt, black pepper, cayenne pepper, and red pepper flakes in a bowl. Refrigerate dressing until flavors are blended, at least 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook elbow macaroni in the boiling water, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Drain macaroni and run under cold water to stop the cooking. Drain again and transfer to a large bowl.
Add pineapple, chicken, grapes, dried cranberries, green onions, and celery to the pasta and mix to combine. Add mandarin oranges and toss gently. Add just enough salad dressing to coat the pasta salad without soaking it, reserving remaining dressing for later use. Place pasta salad in the refrigerator to chill for 2 to 3 hours before serving. Add more dressing, if needed.

Submitter: 
Joan Dredge
Description: 
This pasta salad with fruit and chicken has a sour cream, buttermilk, lemon, and poppy seed dressing. Great way to make use of leftover rotisserie chicken. Serve on a bed of mixed spring greens with crumbed feta or blue cheese and a crusty hot dinner roll. Sprinkle with any kind of toasted nuts or even candied nuts. Could also use the small crunchy Chinese noodles found in a can. This just adds extra texture to the salad.
Categories:
Salad
Pasta Salad
Macaroni Salad

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
3 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
383 calories
15
g fat
54.8
g carbohydrates
12.1
g protein
33
mg cholesterol
358
mg sodium.
