URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275811/parmesan-garlic-keto-chicken-wings/
Title:
Parmesan-Garlic Keto Chicken Wings Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7018646.jpg
Ingredients:
3 pounds chicken wings, separated into drumettes and wingettes
1 teaspoon garlic salt
1 teaspoon onion granules
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 pinch paprika
1/2 cup water
Garlic Base:
2 tablespoons melted butter
1 tablespoon olive oil
3 tablespoons minced garlic
Parmesan Base:
1/4 cup shredded Parmesan cheese
1/2 teaspoon dried parsley

Directions:
Place chicken in a large mixing bowl and toss with garlic salt, onion granules, pepper, and paprika.
Pour water in the bottom of a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as an Instant Pot(R)). Place a trivet in the bottom of the pot and add chicken wings. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 6 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 525 degrees F (270 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Transfer wings to a large bowl.
Mix together melted butter, olive oil, and garlic in a bowl; pour over cooked wings. Toss to combine. Place wings, skin side down, on the prepared baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven for 8 minutes. Turn on the oven's broiler and broil for an additional 2 to 3 minutes. Remove wings from oven. Toss hot wings with Parmesan cheese and parsley.

Submitter: 
thedailygourmet
Description: 
These wings start out in an Instant Pot®, and are completed in the oven. This allows the chicken to cook and the skin to get crispy. The Instant Pot® step is optional, but it will take longer otherwise.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Chicken
Chicken Wings

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
213 calories
16.6
g fat
1
g carbohydrates
14.4
g protein
53
mg cholesterol
419
mg sodium.
