URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275858/homemade-gnocchi-with-tomato-pesto-cream-sauce/
Title:
Homemade Gnocchi with Tomato-Pesto Cream Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Gnocchi:
3 medium potatoes
1 tablespoon butter (optional)
1/2 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil (optional)
1 pinch garlic salt, or to taste
1 pinch salt-free seasoning blend, or to taste
ground black pepper to taste
1 egg
2 cups all-purpose flour, or more as needed
Sauce:
1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil
2 cloves garlic, minced (optional)
2 tomatoes, diced
1 cup heavy whipping cream
1 tablespoon butter (optional)
1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese (optional)
1/2 cup prepared pesto sauce
ground black pepper to taste
1 pinch dried rosemary, or to taste
1 pinch red chile flakes, or to taste
1 pinch garlic salt, or to taste
1 pinch salt-free seasoning blend, or to taste

Directions:
Place potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, about 30 minutes.
Drain potatoes and set aside until cool enough to handle. Remove  and discard peels, place potatoes in a bowl, and mash until smooth. Mix in 1 tablespoon butter, 1/2 tablespoon olive oil, garlic salt, seasoning blend, and pepper until combined. Add egg and mix until incorporated. Pour in flour and mix until well combined and dough forms a ball. Separate dough into 4 sections.
Set a large pot of salted water over medium-high heat and bring to a boil.
While water is coming to a boil, form gnocchi: Place 1 section of dough on a lightly floured surface; cover remaining 3 sections of dough with plastic wrap so they do not dry out. Roll dough into a ball and then roll it out into a rope. Cut the rope into 1/2-inch increments and roll each piece into a small ball. Roll each ball in flour to coat, press with the back of a fork to shape; and place on a plate. Repeat with remaining 3 sections of dough.
Throw the first batch of gnocchi into the boiling water. Cook until gnocchi float to the surface, about 5 minutes, then remove with a ladle, drain in a strainer, and transfer to a large bowl. Repeat until all gnocchi have been cooked and drained. Place gnocchi in the refrigerator.
Combine 1 tablespoon olive oil and garlic in a skillet over medium heat. Cook until garlic has released its flavor, about 1 minute. Throw in diced tomatoes and cook until soft, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour in whipping cream and butter and bring to a gentle boil. Mix in Parmesan cheese and pesto sauce. Add cooled gnocchi and season with pepper, rosemary, chile flakes, garlic salt, and seasoning blend.

Submitter: 
hanhgirl417
Description: 
If you're looking for a homemade gnocchi, this is it! The gnocchi are tender, and the sauce is delicious! 

It's definitely NOT a low-fat recipe, but you can always adjust to your liking. I usually top this off with some grilled chicken or shrimp, but you might decided to make a separate meat entree. For best flavoring, use all of the ingredients mentioned.
Categories:
Main Dish
Pasta
Pesto Pasta

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
619 calories
36.6
g fat
56.2
g carbohydrates
17.7
g protein
110
mg cholesterol
535
mg sodium.
