URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275997/air-fried-chocolate-banana-empanadas-with-cinnamon-whipped-cream/
Title:
Air-Fried Chocolate-Banana Empanadas with Cinnamon Whipped Cream Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 egg
1 tablespoon water
1 (14 ounce) package empanada pastry discs
2/3 cup miniature semisweet chocolate chips
5 bananas, peeled and halved horizontally
1 tablespoon milk
1 tablespoon turbinado sugar, or as needed
1 cup heavy cream
2 tablespoons powdered sugar
1 teaspoon Mexican vanilla extract
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
ground cinnamon (optional)

Directions:
Preheat the air fryer to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Whisk together egg and water in a small bowl.
Place an empanada disc on a work surface. Place 1 tablespoon chocolate chips in the center of dough and top with 1/2 banana. Brush edges of empanada disc with egg mixture and fold in half, firmly pinching the edges to seal. Place on a baking sheet. Repeat process with remaining empanada discs, bananas, and chocolate chips.
Brush empanadas with milk and sprinkle with turbinado sugar. Place 3 to 4 empanadas in a single layer, being careful not to overcrowd, in the air fryer basket.
Cook in the air fryer until golden brown, 6 to 7 minutes. Remove to a platter and repeat with remaining empanadas.
Meanwhile, whip cream in a medium bowl with an electric mixer until soft peaks form. Add powdered sugar, vanilla extract, and 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon; whip until stiff peaks form. Top warm empanadas with cinnamon whipped cream and sprinkle with additional cinnamon.

Submitter: 
Allrecipes
Description: 
Sweet dessert empanadas, full of melty chocolate and creamy banana, are made in the air fryer and topped with cinnamon whipped cream for an easy dessert that's sure to impress.
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Banana Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
320 calories
15.4
g fat
44.5
g carbohydrates
5.2
g protein
49
mg cholesterol
199
mg sodium.
