URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275940/vegetarian-huevo-saltado/
Title:
Vegetarian Huevo Saltado Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7040526.jpg
Ingredients:
Fried Zucchini:
1 extra large zucchini - halved lengthwise, seeded, and cut into French fries
1 cup all-purpose flour
1 pinch Italian seasoning, or to taste
1 cup vegetable oil, or as needed
salt to taste
Saltado:
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 onion, chopped, or to taste
1 clove garlic, minced, or to taste
1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger, or to taste
2 pounds fresh tomatoes, roughly chopped
8 hard-boiled eggs, peeled
3 tablespoons soy sauce
1 tablespoon white sugar
2 cups cooked rice

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F (95 degrees C).
Place zucchini strips into a resealable plastic bag. Add flour and Italian seasoning; shake to coat well.
Heat vegetable oil in a deep skillet to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Fry coated zucchini in hot oil for 3 minutes. Salt and drain on a wire rack. Return zucchini fries to hot oil and cook until lightly browned, about 3 minutes more. Return fries to the wire rack and keep warm in the preheated oven.
Heat olive oil in a deep pot over medium heat until shimmering. Cook onion until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and ginger and cook another 2 minutes. Add tomatoes, eggs, soy sauce, and sugar. Bring to a boil and immediately reduce to a simmer. Cook for 30 minutes more.
Plate by scooping saltado over a bowl of rice. Top with zucchini fries.

Submitter: 
misobrilliant
Description: 
My wifey is Peruvian and a favorite dish is called lomo saltado, which tastes better than the ingredients are strange -- beef and onions over French fries. This vegetarian recipe is perfect if you do not know what to do with those huge zucchinis and all of those tomatoes that you've grown. Free-range eggs from chickens would be a bonus. 

This recipe has a number of steps, but is totally worth it.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Latin American
South American
Peruvian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
995 calories
69.9
g fat
71.6
g carbohydrates
23.4
g protein
424
mg cholesterol
872
mg sodium.
