URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275946/instant-pot-spicy-chicken-spaghetti-casserole-with-frozen-chicken-breasts/
Title:
Instant Pot速 Spicy Chicken Spaghetti Casserole with Frozen Chicken Breasts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7023615.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon butter
1/2 cup chopped onion
1 (10 ounce) can diced tomatoes and green chiles (such as RO*TEL速)
2 (6 ounce) frozen chicken breasts
10 ounces spaghetti, broken in half
1 (10.5 ounce) can low-sodium cream of mushroom soup
1 (10.5 ounce) can low-sodium cream of chicken soup
1/2 cup milk
1 teaspoon taco seasoning mix
1/2 teaspoon chicken seasoning salt (such as Chook速) (optional)
nonstick cooking spray
2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese

Directions:
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) and select Saute function. Add in butter and onion and saute for about 3 minutes. Pour in diced tomatoes with liquid; mix to combine. Add frozen chicken breasts. Cancel Saute mode.
Close and lock the lid. Select High pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 20 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Remove chicken and cut into bite-sized pieces. Add chicken back into the pot. Scatter noodles on top so they don't clump up.
Mix mushroom soup, chicken soup, and milk together in a bowl. Pour over noodles. Close and lock the lid. Select High pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 7 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Stir in taco seasoning and chicken seasoning salt.
Set an oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Spray an 8x12-inch casserole dish with cooking spray.
Transfer 1/2 of the spaghetti mixture to the casserole dish and sprinkle with 1/2 cup cheese. Add remaining spaghetti mixture and sprinkle with remaining 1 1/2 cups cheese.
Broil in the preheated oven until the cheese is bubbling and golden, 3 to 5 minutes.

Submitter: 
thedailygourmet
Description: 
I'm sure many can raise their hand when they've wanted a comforting casserole and their chicken is frozen. Relax. This recipe makes use of frozen chicken breasts... dinner will be ready fast thanks to a head start in the Instant Pot速!
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Chicken
Chicken Breasts
Pasta

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
375 calories
16.3
g fat
31.9
g carbohydrates
22
g protein
63
mg cholesterol
595
mg sodium.
