URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/275942/instant-potltsupgt-regltsupgt-pineapple-chicken-frozen-chicken-method/
Title:
Instant Pot® Pineapple Chicken (Frozen Chicken Method) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7113497.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (19 ounce) can unsweetened pineapple chunks
3 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce (such as Bragg®)
2 tablespoons light-colored honey
1/2 teaspoon salt
4 (7 ounce) frozen skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
1 red bell pepper, seeded and cut into 1-inch pieces
2 tablespoons cornstarch
1/4 teaspoon ground ginger
1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes (optional)

Directions:
Drain pineapple chunks and pour the juice into the bottom of a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)), reserving 2 tablespoons of the juice. Add soy sauce, honey, and salt; stir to combine. Place frozen chicken breasts into the pot, making sure that they are not touching.
Close and lock the lid. Select Poultry setting according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 10 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, for 5 minutes, then release remaining pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Transfer chicken to a warm plate, cover, and let rest for 5 minutes.
Meanwhile, select Saute function on Instant Pot(R) and select high temperature. Add bell pepper and saute for 5 minutes. Mix reserved 2 tablespoons pineapple juice with cornstarch and add slowly to the pot. Stir until mixture thickens. Mix in ginger.
Cut the chicken into 1 inch pieces and add to the pot along with the pineapple chunks. Heat through and serve.

Submitter: 
Bren
Description: 
Forget takeout, you can make this in 50 minutes with frozen chicken and an Instant Pot®. I serve this with miki noodles but you could also serve this over rice. Garnish with toasted sesame seeds and sliced green onions if desired.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
364 calories
5
g fat
36.4
g carbohydrates
42.8
g protein
113
mg cholesterol
791
mg sodium.
