URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276065/easy-strawberry-cheesecake-truffles/
Title:
Easy Strawberry Cheesecake Truffles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/3706096.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened
1/2 cup powdered sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
6 fresh strawberries, chopped
2 tablespoons strawberry jam
3/4 cup frozen whipped topping (such as Cool Whip®), thawed
1 cup graham cracker crumbs
15 ounces semisweet chocolate chips
1 (1.55 ounce) bar white chocolate

Directions:
Beat cream cheese, powdered sugar, and vanilla extract in a bowl using an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Mix in strawberries and jam to incorporate. Stir in whipped topping using a spatula. Stir in graham cracker crumbs. Freeze for 2 hours.
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and set aside.
Drop tablespoonfuls of cheesecake mixture onto the prepared baking sheet using a spoon or ice cream scoop. Shape each dollop into a ball using your hand; if the mixture is too soft to work with, place in the freezer for a few minutes to harden.
Place shaped truffles into the freezer until completely frozen, about 2 hours.
Melt semisweet chocolate in a microwave-safe glass or ceramic bowl in 15-second intervals, stirring after each interval, 1 to 3 minutes. Let set to cool slightly, about 5 minutes.
Remove truffles from the freezer and dip into melted chocolate using a fork or spoon, working in small batches. Place onto parchment paper.
Melt white chocolate in a microwave-safe glass or ceramic bowl in 15-second intervals, stirring after each interval, 1 to 3 minutes. Pour carefully into a zip-top bag, cut off 1 corner, and drizzle over truffles. Store truffles in the freezer or refrigerator until ready to serve, at least 15 minutes.

Submitter: 
Big Bite
Description: 
These strawberry cheesecake truffles are delicious, sweet, and tart with bites of creamy cheesecake filling hidden inside chocolate shells.
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Strawberry Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
4 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
196 calories
11.8
g fat
23.5
g carbohydrates
2.2
g protein
13
mg cholesterol
63
mg sodium.
