URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276056/venison-tenderloin-in-the-slow-cooker/
Title:
Venison Tenderloin in the Slow Cooker Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7606931.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 cup dried porcini mushrooms
1/2 cup boiling water
1 (2 pound) venison tenderloin
2 tablespoons ghee (clarified butter)
1 cup chopped tomatoes
2 large shallots, halved and thinly sliced
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 tablespoon vegetable broth powder
2 bay leaves
1 teaspoon herbes de Provence
1 teaspoon juniper berries
1 teaspoon crumbled dried thyme
1 teaspoon crumbled dried sage
2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar
3/4 cup dry red wine
1 teaspoon herb salt
1 tablespoon cornstarch
salt and freshly ground black pepper

Directions:
Place mushrooms in a small heat-proof bowl and cover with boiling water. Soak mushrooms until soft, about 15 minutes. Drain mushrooms, reserving soaking liquid. Finely chop mushrooms and add them back to soaking liquid. Set aside.
Rinse venison under cold running water. Pat thoroughly with paper towels until dry, then cut into 3/4-inch slices.
Melt ghee in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Sear venison slices in batches making sure meat is not overcrowded in the skillet, until lightly browned on both sides, about 5 to 10 minutes per batch.
Transfer seared meat to a large bowl and add mushrooms, soaking liquid, tomatoes, shallots, garlic, vegetable broth powder, bay leaves, herbes de Provence, juniper berries, thyme, sage, balsamic vinegar, red wine, and herb salt. Mix well and transfer to the slow cooker.
Cover and cook on Low for 3 hours.
Combine a few tablespoons cooking liquid and cornstarch in a small bowl; stir until cornstarch is dissolved. Add cornstarch mixture to slow cooker and stir well.
Cook until sauce has thickened and venison is tender, about 1 more hour, stirring a couple of times. Season with salt and pepper.

Submitter: 
nch
Description: 
A friend who hunts gave me a whole venison tenderloin. I wanted to make something that I could bring along and reheat so I put in in the slow cooker with ingredients I had handy, and it turned out great.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Game Meats
Venison

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
4 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
257 calories
7.6
g fat
9.9
g carbohydrates
30.7
g protein
117
mg cholesterol
476
mg sodium.
