URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276131/mini-dijon-mustard-tomato-tarts/
Title:
Mini Dijon Mustard-Tomato Tarts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7083494.jpg
Ingredients:
Crust:
1/3 cup plain fat-free Greek yogurt
2 tablespoons milk
2 tablespoons canola oil
1 1/3 cups all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 pinch salt
Filling:
2 tablespoons Dijon mustard
1 cup grated Gruyere cheese
3 medium tomatoes, cut into 1/2-inch slices
Herb Topping:
1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil
2 cloves roasted garlic, mashed
salt and ground black pepper to taste
3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh basil
3 tablespoons finely chopped flat-leaf parsley

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Generously oil a muffin pan.
Whisk Greek yogurt, milk, and oil together in a bowl until well combined. Add flour, baking powder, and salt; stir until everything holds together.
Transfer mixture onto a lightly floured countertop and knead dough until smooth. Divide dough into 12 equal portions with floured hands. Shape each piece to fit in the bottom of a muffin cup, place into the muffin cups and gently push down with your fingertips to form 1/2-inch high sides.
Brush the bottom of each crust with mustard and sprinkle with Gruyere cheese. Place a tomato slice on top.
Bake in the preheated oven until tarts have puffed up and are golden brown, about 25 minutes.
While the tarts are baking, whisk together olive oil, mashed garlic, salt, and pepper in a bowl until smooth. Add basil and parsley and stir until well combined.
Remove tarts from the oven and immediately spread the herb topping evenly on top of each tart. Let cool slightly in the muffins pan, about 5 minutes, then loosen the sides of the tarts and carefully transfer them to a wire rack. Serve lukewarm or completely cooled.

Submitter: 
nch
Description: 
'Tarte a la Moutarde et a la Tomate,' the French tomato tart with mustard, is one of my favorite things to make with fresh ripe tomatoes. But after cutting, it starts looking a bit messy, so for guests, I bake these mini tarts. The low-fat crust is like a German Quark-Oelteig which I make with Greek yogurt (easier to find in the United States than quark, and less expensive).
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Pastries

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
173 calories
10.8
g fat
13.1
g carbohydrates
5.7
g protein
12
mg cholesterol
172
mg sodium.
