URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276108/instant-potr-swiss-steak/
Title:
Instant Pot® Swiss Steak Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7071713.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 pounds bottom round steak, 1 inch thick and trimmed of fat
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
2 tablespoons avocado oil, divided, or as needed
1 medium onion, chopped
1/2 cup carrot, chopped
1/2 cup chopped celery
1 green bell pepper, chopped (optional)
2 cloves garlic, finely chopped
1/4 cup Merlot wine
2 3/4 cups canned chopped Italian-style tomatoes in juice
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon oregano
1 teaspoon paprika

Directions:
Dry steak well with paper towels and cut into four 4-inch pieces. Season with salt and pepper.
Place flour into a shallow bowl. Dredge steak pieces in flour, shaking off excess.
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) and select Saute function. Once the pot is hot, add 1 tablespoon avocado oil. Brown the steak in batches, so you don't crowd the pot, 2 minutes per side. Transfer browned meat to a warm plate and set aside.
Add 1 tablespoon of avocado oil to the pot and cook onion, carrot, celery, and bell pepper until onions are soft and translucent, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Deglaze the pot with Merlot. Mix in tomatoes, Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon salt, oregano, and paprika. Return steak to the pot and push down into the tomato mixture.
Close and lock the lid. Select manual pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 30 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, for 5 minutes. Release remaining pressure carefully using the quick-release method, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid.

Submitter: 
Bren
Description: 
Bottom round steak and a few kitchen staples is comfort food. When the leaves start to fall and the temperatures drop it's time for something hearty. I've used bottom round but any tough, lean cut of beef will work. Serve over noodles or rice to soak up all of that great sauce.
Categories:
Main Dish
Beef
Swiss Steak

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
337 calories
13.9
g fat
19.7
g carbohydrates
28.1
g protein
74
mg cholesterol
982
mg sodium.
