URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276275/baked-buttermilk-donuts/
Title:
Baked Buttermilk Donuts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
cooking spray
2 cups all-purpose flour
1 cup white sugar
2 tablespoons cornstarch
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup buttermilk
2 eggs
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
4 tablespoons vegetable shortening, melted and cooled slightly
1 cup sifted powdered sugar (optional)

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Adjust an oven rack to upper-middle position. Spray a donut pan with cooking spray.
Sift flour, sugar, cornstarch, baking powder, nutmeg, and salt together in a large mixing bowl.
Whisk buttermilk, eggs, baking soda, and vanilla extract together in a smaller bowl.
Pour melted and cooled shortening into flour mixture and stir until absorbed. Add buttermilk mixture and mix well. Let batter rest for 10 to 15 minutes.
Pour a scant tablespoon of batter into the well of each donut cup in the prepared pan. Use the back of a spoon to distribute batter evenly across the bottom of each; you won't use up all of the batter in this batch.
Bake in the preheated oven on the upper-middle rack until golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from the oven; let cool in the pan for 2 to 3 minutes before removing onto a wire rack.
Place powdered sugar into a small paper bag. Toss warm doughnuts in powdered sugar to coat.
Spray the donut pan with cooking spray again. Spoon batter in tablespoonfuls into the hot pan for the next batch.
Bake donuts in the preheated oven on the upper-middle rack until golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Let cool for 2 to 3 minutes before removing from the pan and toss in powdered sugar.

Submitter: 
brownie
Description: 
Finally a recipe for a baked buttermilk doughnut that is crispy on the outside and light and airy on the inside! You won't think you're eating a donut-shaped muffin with this one! You could also toss the donuts in a cinnamon-sugar mix, glaze them with a powdered sugar-water icing, or frost them with chocolate frosting.
Categories:
Bread
Quick Bread

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
247 calories
5.6
g fat
45.5
g carbohydrates
3.9
g protein
32
mg cholesterol
276
mg sodium.
