URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276281/creamy-chicken-mushroom-and-spinach-pasta/
Title:
Creamy Chicken, Mushroom, and Spinach Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7058321.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound farfalle (bow-tie) pasta
3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
2 pounds chicken tenders, patted dry
salt and ground black pepper to taste
24 ounces fresh mushrooms, sliced
1 medium onion, halved and thinly sliced
3 tablespoons fresh minced garlic
3 cups chicken broth
4 teaspoons Dijon mustard
1/4 cup heavy cream
2 cups roughly chopped fresh spinach
2 tablespoons coarsely grated Parmesan cheese, or to taste
1 teaspoon chopped flat-leaf (Italian) parsley, or to taste (optional)

Directions:
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook bow-tie pasta at a boil, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 12 minutes. Drain and transfer to a serving bowl or a deep platter.
Meanwhile, heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat for 1 to 2 minutes. Season tenders with salt and pepper, place in the hot oil, and cook until lightly brown on one side, 3 to 4 minutes. Turn and cook on the other side until light brown, an additional 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer chicken to a plate.
Add mushrooms and onion to the hot skillet and cook until onion is lightly browned, 4 to 5 minutes. Stir in garlic and cook for 1 minute. Stir in chicken broth and mustard, season with salt and pepper, and cook for 5 minutes. Return chicken tenders to skillet and submerge them in the broth mixture. Cook until chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 5 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Remove chicken and place on top of the cooked pasta.
Continue to cook the sauce until slightly thickened, about 3 minutes. Turn off heat and stir in cream. Add spinach stir until slightly wilted, about 1 minute. Pour sauce over chicken and pasta. Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese and garnish with parsley.

Submitter: 
Bibi
Description: 
Use your stovetop to prepare a quick and tasty meal for a weeknight, or for guests! Use one pot for the pasta and one pot for the chicken, veggies and sauce, then combine in a pretty pasta bowl or on a platter.
Categories:
Pasta and Noodles
Pasta by Shape

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.625
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
442 calories
12.8
g fat
47.2
g carbohydrates
35.2
g protein
78
mg cholesterol
610
mg sodium.
