URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276299/bombay-breakfast-potatoes/
Title:
Bombay Breakfast Potatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7107981.jpg
Ingredients:
2 teaspoons ground cumin
2 teaspoons ground coriander
2 teaspoons ground turmeric
1 teaspoon cayenne pepper
2 large russet potatoes, peeled
salt to taste
2 tablespoons butter
1 tablespoon olive oil
1/2 cup sliced green onions
1/4 cup diced hot chile peppers
1/4 cup chopped cilantro

Directions:
Combine cumin, coriander, turmeric, and cayenne together in a small bowl for spice mix; mix well.
Cut russet potatoes in half, then into quarters, eighths, and sixteenths.
Bring a large pot of well-salted water to a boil over medium-high heat. Add potatoes and 2/3 of the spice mixture and continue to boil until just tender and fairly easily pierced with a knife, about 10 minutes. Drain; transfer to a plate and let cool to room temperature, about 30 minutes.
Wrap potatoes in plastic and refrigerate until thoroughly chilled, 8 hours to overnight.
Remove potatoes from the refrigerator and cut in half once more.
Heat butter and olive oil in a nonstick skillet over medium to medium-high heat. Add potatoes and season with salt. Cook until crisped, 3 to 5 minutes. Toss with a spatula and continue to cook until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes more. Sprinkle with remaining spice mixture, green onions, and chile peppers. Cook until onions and peppers just start to soften, 3 to 4 minutes.
Transfer potatoes to a plate and top with cilantro.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
By boiling our potatoes in Indian spices before we fry them, we can easily turn your basic old home fries into something extraordinary. This is also a great review for how to get perfect, crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside breakfast potatoes. Even if you don't plan on using the Indian-inspired spices, you'll want to pay attention to the cook-first, fry-later approach. Top potatoes with a poached egg, if you like.
Categories:
Side Dish
Potatoes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
9 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
173 calories
9.9
g fat
19.7
g carbohydrates
2.8
g protein
15
mg cholesterol
92
mg sodium.
