URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276279/bacon-wrapped-stuffed-meatloaf-with-mushrooms-and-cheese/
Title:
Bacon-Wrapped Stuffed Meatloaf with Mushrooms and Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 (16 ounce) package bacon, divided
2 tablespoons olive oil, divided
1 medium onion, diced, divided
6 cloves garlic, chopped, divided
1 1/2 pounds ground beef chuck
1/2 pound ground pork
2 large eggs
1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley
2 tablespoons paprika
4 teaspoons ground black pepper
2 teaspoons sea salt
aluminum foil
1 (12 ounce) package button mushrooms, sliced
12 (1 ounce) slices Provolone cheese

Directions:
Place 1/2 of the bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Remove to a paper towel-lined plate to drain.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add 1/4 of the diced onion and 4 chopped garlic cloves and lightly saute until soft, about 3 minutes. Remove to a large bowl, and add ground beef, ground pork, eggs, parsley, paprika, pepper, and sea salt. Blend together with your hands until mostly combined. Place in the refrigerator.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Lay a 2-foot square piece of aluminum foil on a flat surface.
Wipe the skillet clean, add remaining 1 tablespoon oil, and heat over medium heat until shimmering, 1 to 2 minutes. Add mushrooms and saute until all moisture has evaporated and mushrooms start to turn dark reddish-brown with golden spots, 8 to 10 minutes. Add remaining 2 cloves chopped garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds.
Place meat mixture in the center of the aluminum foil and shape meat into an evenly thick square about 1/2 inch thick, making sure there are no gaps or thin spots. Cover meat with overlapping slices of Provolone cheese, leaving about 1/2 inch to 1 inch uncovered meat around the perimeter. Lay cooked bacon strips over Provolone cheese and spread mushrooms evenly over bacon.
Lift one end of the foil and begin rolling the meat in a pinwheel fashion. Place meatloaf in a baking dish, molding the ends to create a seal around the stuffing; discard the foil. Lay remaining uncooked bacon over meatloaf, leaving about 1/4 inch between each slice, and tucking ends in under the loaf.
Cook in the preheated oven for 45 minutes, turning halfway. Switch to the broil setting and cook until meat is no longer pink in the center, about 15 minutes more. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of the meat should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C).
Remove from the oven and allow to rest 10 to 15 minutes before slicing.

Submitter: 
MUDD
Description: 
This is a hearty and flavorful mushroom-stuffed meatloaf created by a true meatatarian.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Pork
Ground

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
357 calories
25.4
g fat
4.4
g carbohydrates
27.6
g protein
112
mg cholesterol
888
mg sodium.
