URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276226/lazy-pork-dumplings/
Title:
Lazy Pork Dumplings Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7107994.jpg
Ingredients:
For the Dough:
2 cups all-purpose flour, or more as needed
3/4 cup warm water
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
For the Filling:
2 pounds ground pork
8 cloves garlic, minced
2 tablespoons grated fresh ginger
2/3 cup thinly sliced green onions
1/2 cup thinly sliced chives
4 teaspoons kosher salt
1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
2 teaspoons gochugaru (Korean red pepper flakes)
2 tablespoons soy sauce
2 teaspoons sesame oil
For the Broth (1 cup per serving):
1/3 cup seasoned rice vinegar (optional)
3 tablespoons soy sauce, or to taste (optional)
1 teaspoon gochugaru (Korean red pepper flakes) (optional)
4 cups chicken broth (optional)
1 teaspoon vegetable oil

Directions:
Combine flour, salt, and water in a bowl. Mix with a wooden spoon until dough comes together in a sticky ball. Sprinkle in more flour and knead by hand, adding more flour as needed, until soft and supple. Wrap in plastic and let rest at room temperature for 1 hour.
Combine ground pork, garlic, ginger, green onions, and chives in bowl. Season with salt, pepper, gochugaru, soy sauce, and sesame oil. Mix together using two forks just until combined. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to use.
Mix vinegar, soy sauce, and gochugaru into the chicken broth and set aside.
Divide dough into 4 pieces. Roll one piece into a rope about the thickness of your thumb. Using a rolling pin, flatten into a long, thin band about 3 inches wide, flouring only as needed. Dust the top with flour and flip over. Dip your fingers in some water and lightly brush the surface until slightly sticky.
Use moistened fingers to line about 1/4 of the pork filling across the dough. Fold dough over the whole length, pressing it down over the meat. Trim off excess dough if desired. Dust a little more flour on top and roll over so seam side is on the bottom. Divide into 16 pieces using the edge of your hand, then a bench scraper to cut. Repeat with remaining dough and filling.
Heat oil in a pan over high heat. Cook dumplings in batches, seam-side up, until golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Pour in a portion of the broth and bring to a boil. Cover and continue to boil until pork is no longer pink, about 3 minutes. Pour dumplings with broth into serving bowls.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
While the filling and dough are relatively straightforward, it's usually the shaping of dumplings that takes a while. Here I've come up with a much quicker, more casual assembly method that works whether you boil, steam, or fry them. Served in a vinegary broth, however, they mimic the experience of soup dumplings, which are typically served with vinegar to balance that gush of rich, meaty juices you get when you bite in.
Categories:
Main Dish
Dumplings

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.66666650772095
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
1 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
64
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
50 calories
2.4
g fat
3.8
g carbohydrates
3.1
g protein
10
mg cholesterol
313
mg sodium.
