URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276302/chocolate-lava-cake-with-coconut-and-almond/
Title:
Chocolate Lava Cake with Coconut and Almond Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7053206.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 ounces dark chocolate, chopped
1 1/2 ounces milk chocolate, chopped
1 ounce almond paste, cut into small cubes
2 tablespoons butter, cut into small cubes
2 tablespoons white sugar
1 egg, at room temperature
1 egg yolk, at room temperature
1 tablespoon all-purpose flour
4 teaspoons coconut flakes
1 teaspoon powdered sugar, or to taste

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Grease and flour two 4-ounce ramekins, tapping out any excess flour.
Place dark chocolate, milk chocolate, almond paste, and butter in a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on high for 20 seconds at a time until butter is melted and mixture is hot, 1 to 1 1/2 minutes. Set aside and allow chocolate to continue melting for 1 minute longer. Whisk mixture until smooth but slightly grainy from the almond paste.
Combine sugar, egg, and egg yolk in a small bowl; beat with an electric mixer until it becomes very light lemon yellow in color and has doubled or tripled in volume. Fold cooled melted chocolate mixture into egg and sugar mixture until well incorporated. Stir in flour. Divide batter evenly between the prepared ramekins and sprinkle coconut flakes on top.
Bake in the preheated oven until the sides are firm but centers are still soft, 7 to 8 minutes. Allow to rest for 1 minute, then carefully invert ramekins on dessert plates and dust with powdered sugar. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Elisa Gale
Description: 
Inspired by Almond Joy®, this sexy and romantic dessert is designed for two. A hint of almond flavor in the chocolate with just a little toasted coconut crunch makes this molten lava cake a truly joyful experience worth sharing. Serve with vanilla bean ice cream.
Categories:
Desserts
Nut Desserts
Almond Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
532 calories
34.3
g fat
51.6
g carbohydrates
8.2
g protein
221
mg cholesterol
141
mg sodium.
