URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276315/grandmas-banana-pudding/
Title:
Grandma's Banana Pudding  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 (12 ounce) package vanilla wafers, divided
1 cup white sugar
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
4 egg yolks
2 cups milk
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 tablespoon butter
4 bananas, sliced, or more to taste
Meringue:
4 egg whites
1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar
5 tablespoons white sugar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Line the bottom of a baking dish with some wafers. Combine sugar, flour, and salt in a bowl.
Beat yolks in a heavy saucepan over medium heat. Add flour mixture alternately with milk and vanilla extract, stirring constantly. Bring to a simmer and cook until slightly thickened, 8 to 10 minutes. Add butter; continue stirring until thickened to a pudding-like consistency, 5 to 7 minutes more.
Layer a portion of banana slices over the wafers and cover with pudding. Repeat layers with remaining bananas, wafers, and pudding.
Beat egg whites in a glass, metal, or ceramic bowl, gradually adding cream of tartar, until soft peaks form. Add sugar and continue beating on high speed until stiff peaks form. Fold in vanilla extract. Spoon meringue over the pudding.
Bake in the preheated oven until meringue browns, 15 to 20 minutes. Let cool before serving.

Submitter: 
tigrbtrfly
Description: 
My grandma ran a country club and a restaurant in her day. She can make amazing food, but sometimes it's hard to get a recipe from her because she doesn't measure anything and makes everything from memory. While letting her talk it out, I was able to get this banana pudding and a few other recipes written down. Enjoy!
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Banana Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
487 calories
13.3
g fat
85.5
g carbohydrates
8.4
g protein
111
mg cholesterol
342
mg sodium.
