URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276313/white-chocolate-cake-with-raspberry-filling/
Title:
White Chocolate Cake with Raspberry Filling Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Cake:
1 (15.25 ounce) package white cake mix
1 (4-serving size) package instant vanilla pudding mix
4 egg whites, at room temperature
1 cup water
1/2 cup vegetable oil
5 ounces white chocolate, grated
1 cup seedless raspberry preserves, divided
White Chocolate Frosting:
6 ounces white chocolate, chopped
1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, at room temperature
4 teaspoons unsalted butter, softened
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 1/2 cups sifted confectioners' sugar
Garnishes:
1/4 cup fresh raspberries, or as needed
1 tablespoon shaved white chocolate, or as needed

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease the bottom and sides of three 9-inch round cake pans. Cut waxed paper into three 9-inch disks and fit into the pans.
Combine cake mix, pudding mix, egg whites, water, and oil in a large mixing bowl. Beat using an electric mixer for 2 minutes. Fold in grated white chocolate. Pour batter evenly between the prepared pans.
Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center of each cake comes out clean, 18 to 22 minutes. Let cool in the pans, 15 to 30 minutes. Turn out onto wire racks and let cool completely, about 30 minutes more.
Place 1 cake layer on a serving plate and spread 1/2 cup of raspberry preserves on top. Place second layer on top and spread remaining preserves. Place third layer on top.
Place white chocolate for frosting in the top of a double boiler over simmering water. Stir frequently, scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula to avoid scorching, until chocolate is melted, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and allow to cool, about 10 minutes.
Blend cream cheese and butter together in a mixing bowl using an electric mixer. Add cooled chocolate and continue mixing; add vanilla extract. Add powdered sugar slowly; beat on medium speed until fluffy.
Frost the sides and top of the cooled cake and garnish with raspberries and shaved white chocolate. Refrigerate until ready to serve.

Submitter: 
TerryWilson
Description: 
Garnished with fresh raspberries and shaved chocolate, this white chocolate cake is a tasty treat that takes very little effort.
Categories:
Desserts
Chocolate
White Chocolate

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
497 calories
22.1
g fat
72.4
g carbohydrates
4.4
g protein
22
mg cholesterol
339
mg sodium.
