URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/27631618/lemon-meringue-pie/
Title:
Lemon Meringue Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Filling:
1 cup egg beaters egg whites
1/4 tsp. salt
1 cup sugar
1/3 cup cornstarch
1-1/2 cups of water
1/4 cup margarine softened
2 tsp. grated lemon peel
1/2 cup lemon juice
Meringue:
1/3 cup water
1 TBS. cornstarch
2/3 cup Egg Beaters egg whites
1/2 tsp. lemon juice
1/2 cup sugar
Crust:
9" graham craker

Directions:
Filling:
Whisk egg whites and salt until well blended.
In a medium saucepan combine sugar and cornstarch. Stir in cold water. Cook over medium heat until boiling, stirring occasionally. Boiling 1 minute, stirring constantly. Add hot cornstarch mixture to egg white mixture slowly while whisking. Return mixture to saucepan.
Bring to boil over medium heat. Boil 30 seconds while stirring constantly. Remove from heat. Add margarine and stir until melted.
Add lemon juice and 8 drops of yellow food coloring, lemon peel - cover and let stand.
Meringue
Combine cornstarch and cold water in a small saucepan until no lumps are present.
Cook over medium heat until boiling for 30 seconds, stirring constantly. Cover to keep warm.
Combine egg whites and lemon juice in a large bowl. Beat until frothy. Increase speed to medium and beat until soft peaks form.
With mixer running, slowly add sugar and warm cornstarch mixture. Increase speed to medium-high and beat until eggs hols a stiff peak and mixture is glossy.
Heat filling mixture until very hot over medium-high heat, stirring constantly.
Pour into baked pie shell. Immediately spoon half of meringue over hot filling. Be sure meringue covers all filling and touches the crust on all edges.
Spoon remaining meringue on top and spread evenly.
Bake 15-18 minutes at 350 or until meringue is light brown and dry to the touch. Cool to room temp and refrigerate 3-4 hours.

Submitter: 
interdesignmsu
Description: 

Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
