URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276489/baked-polenta-beef-casserole/
Title:
Baked Polenta-Beef Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 cup cold water
1/3 cup yellow cornmeal
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup shredded American cheese
2 tablespoons butter
1/2 cup chopped onion
1 clove garlic, minced
1 tablespoon all-purpose flour
2 cups chopped cooked beef
1 (12 ounce) can whole kernel corn with sweet peppers, drained
1 (8 ounce) can diced tomatoes, undrained
1/4 teaspoon dried oregano, crushed

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Stir together water, cornmeal, and salt in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat until combined. Cook, uncovered, stirring every minute until water begins to boil and mixture is thick and smooth, about 3 minutes. Stir in American cheese and set aside.
Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and cook until onion is tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in flour. Add cooked beef, corn, tomatoes and their juices, and oregano. Cook, uncovered, stirring every minute until mixture is bubbly and thickened, 5 to 10 minutes. Pour into a casserole dish. Spoon polenta-cheese mixture on top.
Cook in the preheated oven until polenta is cooked through, about 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and let stand, uncovered, for 5 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Casey
Description: 
This is an easy casserole kind of dish that I came up with. Wanted something hearty and low maintenance. I make the polenta myself so no need to run to the store for a tube of it. Almost all of the ingredients are found in my cabinet.
Hope you like this as well as my family does. I have made this so many different ways so try the original then play with it. I know I have and comes out great most times.
Categories:
Side Dish
Grains
Polenta

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
497 calories
29.3
g fat
31.3
g carbohydrates
28.9
g protein
102
mg cholesterol
931
mg sodium.
