URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276433/chocolate-thumbprints-with-cherries-and-walnuts/
Title:
Chocolate Thumbprints with Cherries and Walnuts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 1/4 cups semisweet chocolate chips, divided
2 tablespoons shortening, divided
3/4 cup white sugar
1/2 cup unsalted butter, softened
1 egg
1 tablespoon milk
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 cups all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon instant espresso powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup finely chopped toasted walnuts
3/4 cup cherry pie filling, including 36 cherries

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Place 1/2 cup chocolate chips and 1 tablespoon shortening in the top of a double boiler over simmering water. Stir frequently, scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula to avoid scorching, until chocolate is melted, about 5 minutes. Set aside to cool.
Combine sugar and butter in a large bowl and beat with an electric mixer on medium speed until fluffy. Beat in cooled chocolate mixture. Add egg, milk, and vanilla extract; beat until well combined. Add flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, espresso powder, and salt; beat on low speed until just combined and a dough forms.
Shape dough into 3 dozen 1-inch balls and roll in chopped walnuts to coat. Place balls 1 inch apart on the prepared baking sheet. Make an indentation in the center of each cookie using your thumb.
Bake in the preheated oven until the edges are firm, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer cookies to a wire rack and let cool, about 30 minutes.
While cookies are cooling, place remaining 3/4 cup chocolate chips and 1 tablespoon shortening in the top of a double boiler over simmering water. Stir frequently, scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula to avoid scorching, until chocolate is melted, about 5 minutes. Cool slightly.
Spoon a cherry with some of the sauce into the center of each cooled cookie and drizzle chocolate mixture over the tops. Let stand until chocolate is set.

Submitter: 
FOL-14
Description: 
Chocolate thumbprint cookie with cherry in the middle, drizzled with chocolate and sprinkled with walnuts.
Categories:
Desserts
Nut Desserts
Walnut Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
36
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
118 calories
6.3
g fat
15.1
g carbohydrates
1.5
g protein
11
mg cholesterol
34
mg sodium.
