URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276434/honey-maple-ham-with-herb-apple-dressing/
Title:
Honey-Maple Ham with Herb-Apple Dressing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7134450.jpg
Ingredients:
2 Grimm's Honey & Maple Half Hams
1/4 cup hot water
1/4 cup unsalted chicken stock
1 cube chicken bouillon
2 teaspoons maple syrup
1 large firm baguette
7 tablespoons butter, divided
1 large yellow onion, chopped
2 cups celery, chopped
Salt and pepper to taste
4 cups Ambrosia apples, chopped
2 cups white mushrooms, sliced
3 tablespoons fresh parsley, chopped
2 tablespoons fresh sage, chopped
1 tablespoon fresh rosemary, chopped
1 tablespoon fresh thyme, chopped

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.
In a small bowl, mix together the hot water and chicken stock; dissolve the bouillon cube into this mixture. Pour this into the base of a roasting pan and place a roasting rack over top. Place the hams in the centre of the rack, drizzle with the maple syrup, and cover with foil.
Place in the preheated oven for about 25 to 30 minutes, or until the hams are warmed through. Baste hams halfway through to keep them from drying out.
Meanwhile, start on the dressing. Cut the bread into roughly 1/2-inch cubes. Place in a large mixing bowl and set aside.
Melt 4 tablespoons butter in large, heavy skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion and celery; saute until tender and beginning to brown, about 10 minutes. Season lightly with salt and pepper. Add apples; cook until tender and beginning to brown, another 10 minutes. Stir in mushrooms and saute until tender, about 3 minutes. Add the bread cubes, mix gently until well incorporated, and reduce heat to low.
Melt 3 tablespoons of butter in another pan over medium heat. Add herbs and toast over low heat for about 5 minutes, until fragrant. Remove from heat and pour over the bread mixture, mixing everything together over low heat. Cover.
Remove ham from the oven. Immediately pour the liquid from the pan over the dressing and simmer, covered, for 5 minutes or until all the liquid has been absorbed. Let the ham rest for a few minutes in the meantime.
Slice ham and serve immediately alongside the dressing.

Submitter: 
Grimm's Fine Foods
Description: 
Take the stress out of preparing a holiday meal with this flavourful recipe. Herb Apple Dressing pairs beautifully with the sweetness of our Honey & Maple Ham.
'If you're looking for a simpler Thanksgiving this year, forego the turkey altogether and give this recipe a try! It has all the herby deliciousness from the sage, parsley, and rosemary plus all the crunchy sweetness from apples and celery. Last but not least, the drippings from the ham get absorbed by the dressing, making it even more decadently delicious.' -Chanelle Saks of @ChezChanelle (creator)
Categories:
Main Dish
Pork
Ham
Whole

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
434 calories
14.5
g fat
41.7
g carbohydrates
33.2
g protein
101
mg cholesterol
2055
mg sodium.
