URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276461/cassava-flour-apple-cake/
Title:
Cassava Flour-Apple Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7127379.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 cup raisins
1/4 cup Marsala wine
1 cup cassava flour
3/4 cup superfine white sugar
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg
3/4 cup almond meal
1/4 cup buckwheat flour
3 large eggs
1/2 cup butter, softened
1/4 cup whole milk
1/4 cup light vegetable oil
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/4 cup grated Granny Smith apple
1 Granny Smith apple - peeled, cored, and sliced
1/8 cup raw cane sugar
1/4 cup raw pine nuts

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9-inch square, deep baking dish.
Combine raisins and Marsala wine in a bowl; set aside to soak.
Sift cassava flour twice into a large mixing bowl. Mix in superfine sugar, baking powder, cinnamon, and nutmeg. Add almond meal and buckwheat flour and sift all the dry ingredients together.
Combine eggs, butter, milk, oil, and vanilla extract in a bowl. Beat on low for with a hand mixer for 1 minute until well combined. Beat on high until fluffy, for a full 2 minutes. (This is a crucial step to ensure a fluffy cake.) Mix in grated apple. Stir in raisins and wine until combined.
Carefully fold egg mixture into flour mixture with a rubber scraper, folding with light, yet deep strokes from the bottom to the top, until batter is just combined and still a bit lumpy, with no visible pockets of flour, being careful not to overmix. Pour batter into the prepared baking dish.
Arrange apple slices to completely cover the batter, making sure they do not overlap too much; you may not need all of the slices. Sprinkle with raw cane sugar and pine nuts.
Bake in preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Switch to the broiler function and cook until the top is slightly browned, about 2 minutes.
Remove from the oven and allow to cool slightly before cutting and serving.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
This is my personal version the Italian torta di mele or simply, apple cake. It uses cassava flour, almond meal, and buckwheat flour instead of wheat flour for a rustic, wholesome cake that just happens to be gluten free. The result is a fluffy cake with apples, cinnamon, raisins, and toasted pine nuts.
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
Italian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
9
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
433 calories
25.2
g fat
47.7
g carbohydrates
6.2
g protein
90
mg cholesterol
161
mg sodium.
