URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276427/italian-style-broccoli-rabe/
Title:
Italian-Style Broccoli Rabe Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7116930.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup olive oil
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 teaspoon anchovy paste
1/2 teaspoon salt
3 bunches broccoli rabe, trimmed
1 teaspoon crushed red pepper
1 teaspoon olive oil
1/2 cup pine nuts
1 wedge lemon

Directions:
Combine 1/2 cup olive oil, garlic, anchovy paste, and salt in the bowl of a small food processor; blend into a paste.
Remove leaves from broccoli rabe and cut off and discard the bottom 1/4 of the stalks. Cut remaining stalks into pieces.
Fill a large bowl with ice and cold water. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add broccoli rabe and cook uncovered for 1 minute. Drain in a colander and immediately immerse in the ice water for several minutes to stop the cooking process. Drain. Wrap broccoli rabe in cheesecloth, place in a strainer, and run under water for 10 minutes. Periodically press the rabe to “wring out” any bitter fluids. Pat dry and transfer to a resealable bag. Add anchovy paste and crushed red peppers; marinate for 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, toast pine nuts in a skillet over medium heat, stirring frequently until browned and fragrant but not burned, about 2 minutes. Remove from the pan and set aside. Reduce heat to medium-low and add 1 teaspoon olive oil to the skillet. Add broccoli rabe and cook until fork tender and lightly browned, about 10 minutes.
Transfer to a plate, top with pine nuts, and drizzle with lemon juice.

Submitter: 
Brian Genest
Description: 
Garlic, lemon, and the nutty bitterness of broccoli rabe are a wonderful combination. I'm deathly allergic to tree nuts, but this Italian side dish smelled so good the first time I encountered it, I called my doctor the next day to find out if pine nuts are actually nuts. He didn't know. I went back and ate it anyway. Turns out pine nuts are seeds, by the way.
Categories:
Side Dish
Vegetables

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
269 calories
24.6
g fat
8.1
g carbohydrates
7
g protein
< 1
mg cholesterol
332
mg sodium.
