URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276452/chunky-monkey-cupcakes/
Title:
Chunky Monkey Cupcakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7133317.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon kosher salt
3 ripe bananas
2 tablespoons milk (optional)
1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 cup butter, softened
1 cup white sugar
2 large eggs
1 cup chopped walnuts
1 cup dark chocolate chunks
For the Dark Chocolate Frosting:
1 cup very hot, but not boiling cream
1 cup dark chocolate chips
12 dried banana chips
For Garnish:

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) and line a 12-cup muffin tin with liners.
Whisk flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt together in a bowl.
Mash bananas with milk and vanilla extract until smooth.
Mix butter and sugar together with a spatula until creamy. Whisk in eggs, 1 at a time, then whisk in the banana mixture. Add walnuts, chocolate, and the flour mixture. Mix batter with a spatula until no dry spots remain.
Fill muffin cups to the top with batter, then distribute excess batter as needed. Tap pan against the counter to expel any air bubbles.
Bake in the preheated oven until tops are lightly browned, about 25 minutes. Let cupcakes cool to room temperature, at least 20 minutes.
Pour hot cream over chocolate chips in a bowl. Let sit for a few minutes, then whisk, increasing speed gradually, until color is uniform. Spread ganache over the cooled cupcakes and garnish with banana chips. Refrigerate to firm up the frosting, if desired.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
Banana, walnut, and chocolate are always an amazing combination of ingredients, no matter what the delivery system, but it really doesn't get any better than in this ganache-frosted cupcake. A close second would be a chocolate-dipped frozen banana, rolled in walnuts, which is also a great treat, although much more awkward to eat in public. Feel free to omit the frosting and just enjoy these as muffins.
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Banana Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
530 calories
31.4
g fat
61.7
g carbohydrates
7
g protein
79
mg cholesterol
387
mg sodium.
