URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276496/balsamic-pork-chops-with-caramelized-onions/
Title:
Balsamic Pork Chops with Caramelized Onions Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1/2 sweet onion, thinly sliced
1 tablespoon olive oil
2 (5 ounce) center-cut pork chops
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1/4 teaspoon chili powder, or to taste (optional)
1 tablespoon sesame oil
2 small cloves garlic, finely chopped
1/2 cup balsamic vinegar

Directions:
Toss onion slices and olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat until onions are evenly coated with oil. Cook and stir until onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to low and continue cooking and stirring until onion is very tender and dark brown, about 25 to 35 more minutes.
While the onions are cooking, rub both sides of the pork chops with salt, pepper, and chili powder.
Heat sesame oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add pork chops to the hot skillet and cook for 2 to 3 minutes per side. Reduce heat to medium and season chops with more salt, pepper, and chili powder, if desired. Add garlic to the pan and pour in 1/2 of the balsamic vinegar to cover the bottom of the pan. Cook for 5 minutes, flip the chops, and add the remaining balsamic vinegar. Cook for 4 to 5 minutes, flip, and cook another 4 to 5 minutes.
Place caramelized onions in the pan with the pork chops. Cook, flipping chops at least 1 more time, until no longer pink in the center, 3 to 5 minutes longer. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 145 degrees F (63 degrees C).

Submitter: 
Ben
Description: 
Easy and delicious recipe for balsamic pork chops. The sesame oil adds a different flavor, but can be swapped for olive oil. I've made it many times with and without the onions.
Categories:
Main Dish
Pork
Pork Chops
Pan Fried

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
314 calories
20.5
g fat
13.9
g carbohydrates
18.3
g protein
43
mg cholesterol
131
mg sodium.
