URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276437/baileys-irish-coffee-doughnut-profiteroles/
Title:
Baileys Irish-Coffee Doughnut Profiteroles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7137896.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 cup granulated sugar
2 tablespoons cornstarch
1/2 teaspoon instant espresso powder
1 pinch salt
1 large egg
3/4 cup whole milk
1/4 cup Baileys Original Irish Cream
2 teaspoons Irish whiskey
1 tablespoon butter
36 doughnut holes, halved
1/2 cup chopped bittersweet chocolate
6 tablespoons Baileys Original Irish Cream
Confectioners' sugar, for dusting

Directions:
Set a fine-mesh strainer over a medium bowl. In a medium saucepan, whisk the granulated sugar, cornstarch, espresso, and salt. Whisk in the egg, then the milk and 1/4 cup Baileys. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, whisking constantly, about 4 minutes. Boil 1 minute, whisking constantly. Remove from heat.
Whisk in the whiskey and butter. Pour into the prepared strainer and, using a heat-proof silicone spatula, press on the custard to strain. Scrape down the bottom of the strainer into the custard. Press a sheet of plastic wrap directly on top of the custard. Refrigerate until cold, about 3 hours.
Transfer the custard to a pastry bag or a resealable freezer bag. If using a freezer bag, snip off the tip of 1 corner. Pipe a large dollop of custard onto half of the doughnut holes; top with the remaining halves.
In a small bowl, microwave the chocolate in 15-second bursts until melted and smooth, about 1 minute. Whisk in the remaining 6 tablespoons Baileys for the chocolate sauce. Divide the doughnuts among 8 plates. Drizzle with the chocolate sauce. Dust with confectioners' sugar.

Submitter: 
Rachael Ray Every Day
Description: 
This super-easy sweet uses store-bought doughnut holes instead of homemade cream puffs. Stuff them with a Baileys-infused pastry cream, then wait for the compliments to roll in! PS – they taste really great frozen!
Categories:
Desserts
Specialty Desserts
Liqueur Desserts
Irish Cream

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
3 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
36
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
104 calories
4.7
g fat
11.9
g carbohydrates
1.4
g protein
7
mg cholesterol
56
mg sodium.
