URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276469/instant-potr-chicken-tagine-with-butternut-squash-and-spinach/
Title:
Instant Pot® Chicken Tagine with Butternut Squash and Spinach Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided
3 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, divided
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
2 teaspoons ground cumin
2 teaspoons sweet paprika
1 teaspoon ground coriander
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 1/2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs, trimmed and cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces
1 large yellow onion, thinly sliced lengthwise
4 cloves garlic, smashed
4 teaspoons finely grated fresh ginger
2 1/2 cups water
2 cups peeled and cubed (3/4-inch) butternut squash
1 (14.5 ounce) can diced tomatoes in juice
1 (5 ounce) package baby spinach leaves
3 tablespoons lemon juice
2 teaspoons lemon zest
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Stir 2 tablespoons oil, 2 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, cinnamon, cumin, paprika, coriander, and 1/2 teaspoon black pepper together in a small bowl to form a paste. Toss 1 tablespoon paste with chicken in a medium bowl.
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) and select Saute function. Heat remaining oil until shimmering, about 1 minute. Add onion and 1 teaspoon kosher salt; cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 6 minutes.
Stir in remaining spice paste, garlic, and ginger. Cook, stirring constantly, until fragrant, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Stir in water, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom using a wooden spoon. Add butternut squash, tomatoes with their juices, and chicken; stir to combine, then distribute mixture in an even layer. Close and lock the lid and move the pressure valve to sealing. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 3 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions for 10 minutes. Release remaining pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid.
Stir spinach into the pot and cover without locking the lid into place. Let stand until spinach wilts, about 3 minutes. Stir in lemon juice and zest; taste, and season with salt and pepper.

Submitter: 
awaugh
Description: 
Butternut squash, chicken thighs, spinach, and spices are thrown together and cooked quickly and easily in an Instant Pot® in this Moroccan-inspired chicken tagine.
Categories:
World Cuisine
African
North African
Moroccan

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
297 calories
17.4
g fat
13.3
g carbohydrates
21.5
g protein
70
mg cholesterol
1343
mg sodium.
