URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276594/bacon-wrapped-cranberry-walnut-pork/
Title:
Bacon-Wrapped Cranberry Walnut Pork Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7162642.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (1 pound) pork tenderloin, trimmed
kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
2 teaspoons Dijon mustard
1 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary, or more to taste
1 teaspoon finely sliced fresh sage leaves, or more to taste
1 tablespoon bread crumbs, or as needed
1/4 cup chopped toasted walnuts, or to taste
1/4 cup chopped dried cranberries, or to taste
1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste
4 thinly sliced bacon, or as needed
Pan Sauce:
2/3 cup white wine
2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar
2 teaspoons Dijon mustard
2 tablespoons cold butter
kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Place tenderloin on a flat work surface. Slice lengthwise down the middle, being careful not to cut all the way through. Spread open the 2 sides like a book.
Sandwich butterflied tenderloin between 2 pieces of plastic wrap. Flatten using a meat pounder to 1/4-inch thickness. Season generously with salt and pepper. Spread 2 teaspoons Dijon thinly over tenderloin. Sprinkle rosemary and sage on top; distribute evenly using a spoon. Dust the surface with bread crumbs. Sprinkle with walnuts and cranberries.
Fold the ends in about 1 inch. Roll tenderloin up from the long side as tightly and neatly as possible, forming a tube. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate about 1 hour.
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.
Unwrap tenderloin and transfer to the prepared baking sheet. Lightly season with kosher salt, black pepper, and cayenne. Wrap tenderloin in a single layer of bacon, tucking the ends underneath.
Roast in the center of the preheated oven until the bacon is browned and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of the tenderloin reads at least 145 degrees F (63 degrees C), 25 to 30 minutes.
While tenderloin roasts, combine white wine, balsamic vinegar, and Dijon in a pan over medium heat. Cook, whisking occasionally, until sauce reduces by about half, 5 to 7 minutes. Turn off heat and swirl in butter, salt, and pepper, about 30 seconds.
Remove tenderloin from the oven and let rest for 5 minutes. Slice at a slight angle and serve with sauce.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
This amazing roast pork recipe is more than festive enough for the fanciest of holiday menus, but it's also fast and easy enough for any old weeknight. Just keep that last part to yourself, so as not to ruin the mystique. Beyond being able to adapt this to your tastes, another advantage is that we can prep it ahead of time, and just pop it into the oven when we're ready to rock, and by rock, I mean impress our guests.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Pork
Tenderloin

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.75
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
2 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
319 calories
16.9
g fat
11.9
g carbohydrates
22.4
g protein
74
mg cholesterol
629
mg sodium.
