URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276527/sopa-azteca/
Title:
Sopa Azteca Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
5 dried red chile pepper pods
5 tomatoes, cut into wedges
1 small onion, cut into wedges
1 cube chicken bouillon
4 teaspoons dried oregano
2 teaspoons ground thyme
salt and ground black pepper to taste
vegetable oil as needed
4 corn tortillas, cut into strips
1/4 cup Mexican crema, or to taste
2 limes, cut into wedges
1 avocado, cubed

Directions:
Bring a pot of water to a boil over high heat. Add chile peppers and boil until soft, about 10 minutes. Transfer peppers to a dish and let cool slightly, about 5 minutes; reserve chile water. Remove and discard stems and seeds from peppers, keeping a few seeds if you like a spicy soup.
Combine chiles, tomatoes, onion, bouillon, oregano, and thyme in an electric blender; add as much reserved chile water as possible to fill line. Blend until liquefied.
Strain chile mixture into a large pot. Add remaining chile water, adding additional water if necessary. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low and let simmer, 20 to 30 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.
Heat oil in a pan over medium heat. Fry tortilla strips in the hot oil under golden brown and crispy, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to absorb excess oil.
Distribute soup evenly between serving bowls and garnish with fried tortilla strips, crema, lime wedges, and avocado.

Submitter: 
Tiffany
Description: 
After graduating college, I loafed around in Mexico for a few months. I rented a little apartment above the garage of a wonderful Mexican family who took me under their wing. The mother made this very flavorful sopa Azteca with interesting textures. It was my favorite dish of the whole trip. I had to watch her make this soup and literally count out all the ingredients because she made this soup from her heart, not from a recipe.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Tortilla Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
308 calories
21
g fat
30.6
g carbohydrates
5.1
g protein
21
mg cholesterol
360
mg sodium.
