URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276595/roasted-pumpkin-and-goat-cheese-crostini/
Title:
Roasted Pumpkin and Goat Cheese Crostini Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7161173.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups diced raw pumpkin
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided
2 teaspoons chopped fresh sage
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 tablespoons butter
1 leek, white and light green parts only, thinly sliced
1 French baguette
1 clove garlic
1 (4 ounce) log goat cheese, at room temperature
1 tablespoon balsamic glaze

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C) and line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Pile the diced pumpkin on the prepared baking sheet. Drizzle with 1 tablespoon oil and toss with your hands to lightly coat. Spread evenly and sprinkle with sage, salt, and pepper.
Bake in the preheated oven until tender, about 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, melt butter in a medium frying pan over medium heat. Add leek and cook until softened and beginning to caramelize, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove roasted pumpkin from the oven, add to the pan, and stir to combine.
Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil the grate.
Slice the baguette at an angle into 1/2-inch slices. Brush 1 side of each slice with remaining oil.
Cook on the preheated grill until lightly browned, about 1 1/2 minutes per side.
Remove from the grill and rub the garlic clove over the oiled side of each baguette slice 3 to 4 times. Spread goat cheese over each slice and top with a spoonful of the pumpkin-leek mixture. Drizzle lightly with balsamic glaze and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Kim's Cooking Now
Description: 
If you're looking for a delicious appetizer that is sure to impress your guests, look no further! This crostini is packed with flavor. Takes a bit of prep, but it's so worth it! Top with additional pinches of goat cheese, if you like.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Canapes and Crostini

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
289 calories
11.6
g fat
36.5
g carbohydrates
10.2
g protein
19
mg cholesterol
484
mg sodium.
