URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276574/harissa-aioli/
Title:
Harissa Aioli Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7159038.jpg
Ingredients:
1 egg
2 egg yolks, at room temperature
1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice
3 large cloves garlic, or more to taste
1 1/4 cups olive oil
1 pinch salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 tablespoons harissa paste
1 pinch ground cardamom (optional)

Directions:
Bring 2 cups of water to a boil over medium-high heat. Reduce to a simmer and lower egg into the water. Simmer for 5 minutes until soft boiled. Remove from boiling water with a slotted spoon and hold under cold running water until cool enough to handle. Peel and allow egg to come to room temperature.
Place egg yolks in a small bowl and pour lemon juice on top; set aside.
Peel garlic cloves and remove and discard any green sprouts running through the middle. Add garlic cloves to a blender.
Place soft-boiled egg in the blender; season with salt and pepper. Drop in egg yolk-lemon juice mixture. Pulse a couple of times, then blend on low quickly, then blend on medium until smooth. Slowly add olive oil and blend at medium-high speed until an emulsion forms. When mixture has the consistency of mayonnaise, it is ready. Transfer aioli to a bowl; fold in harissa paste just until mixed.
Refrigerate until use. Sprinkle with a pinch of ground cardamom before serving.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
A traditional Mediterranean aioli is mixed with harissa paste. This recipe comes from the Northern region of Italy where they use a cooked egg and lemon-soaked egg yolks. This is delicious on just about anything. I like it with a frittata or oven-fried potatoes. It will last up to 4 or 5 days in the refrigerator.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
15 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
325 calories
35.5
g fat
1.2
g carbohydrates
1.5
g protein
72
mg cholesterol
50
mg sodium.
