URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276511/enzos-spaghetti-allamatriciana/
Title:
Enzo's Spaghetti all'Amatriciana Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7153525.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
12 ounces guanciale (cured pork jowl), sliced and cut into 1/2-inch pieces
1 cup diced onion
3 cloves garlic, chopped
1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes
1/2 cup white wine
1 (28 ounce) can whole Italian plum tomatoes (such as San Marzano)
1 cup water, divided
1 (6 ounce) can tomato paste
2 (16 ounce) packages spaghetti
1 cup freshly grated Pecorino Romano cheese
2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh basil leaves

Directions:
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add guanciale and cook, stirring frequently until slightly browned, about 7 minutes. Remove guanciale to a plate. Leave a bit of the rendered fat in the skillet and discard the rest.
Add onion to the skillet and cook and stir until softened, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and red pepper flakes; cook for 1 minute. Return guanciale to the skillet and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Pour in white wine and cook until wine has reduced slightly, about 3 minutes.
Stir in canned tomatoes, breaking up whole tomatoes with a spoon. Pour 1/3 cup water into the tomato can, swirl around to rinse the can, and pour into the skillet with remaining 2/3 cup water and tomato paste. Bring sauce to a boil. Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 1 hour.
Meanwhile, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook spaghetti in the boiling water, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, 10 to 12 minutes. Ladle out about 1/2 cup of the pasta water, add to the sauce in the skillet, and mix well. Drain spaghetti and stir into the sauce until well combined.
Sprinkle generous amounts of Pecorino Romano cheese over each serving, and garnish with basil.

Submitter: 
Kim's Cooking Now
Description: 
My husband grew up not far from Rome, and this is his version of the famous Roman dish Amatriciana. It calls for guanciale (cured pork jowl), which can be difficult to find here in the states. While some recipes call for pancetta or bacon to be used in its place, we've found that salt pork is a great alternative as well (see Cook's Note).
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
Italian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
671 calories
31.2
g fat
75.9
g carbohydrates
19.3
g protein
43
mg cholesterol
405
mg sodium.
