URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276629/banana-almond-streusel-bundt-cake/
Title:
Banana-Almond Streusel Bundt® Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Streusel:
1 cup whole almonds
1/4 cup butter, softened
1/4 cup brown sugar
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
3 tablespoons white sugar
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
Cake:
3 cups all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup butter, at room temperature
2 cups white sugar
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
2 large eggs
3 very ripe bananas, mashed
1 cup plain yogurt
Icing:
1/2 cup confectioners' sugar
2 tablespoons milk
1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 pinch salt

Directions:
Heat a heavy skillet over medium heat. Add almonds and toast slowly, watching carefully and stirring constantly until browned, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from heat and allow to cool, about 5 minutes. Chop into coarse pieces.
Combine butter, brown sugar, flour, white sugar, and cinnamon for streusel in a bowl. Blend using a pastry blender. Stir in almonds gently and set aside.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Generously grease and flour a fluted tube pan (such as Bundt(R)).
Mix flour, baking soda, and salt together in a bowl and set aside.
Beat butter in a bowl using an electric mixer until fluffy. Add sugar and whip until fluffy. Add vanilla extract and mix well. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Mix bananas into batter on low speed until just blended. Alternate adding flour mixture and yogurt until batter is combined.
Place 1/4 cup of batter into the prepared cake pan. Layer with 1/2 of the streusel mixture. Add another 1/4 cup of batter and top with remaining streusel. Add remaining batter; pan will be very full, but should not overflow.
Bake in the preheated oven until a wooden skewer or long spaghetti noodle inserted into the center of the cake comes out very clean, 65 to 75 minutes.
Remove from the oven and let cool on a wire rack for 10 minutes. Invert the pan onto the rack to remove the cake.
While cake begins to cool, mix confectioners' sugar, milk, vanilla extract, and salt until icing is well blended. Poke the top and sides of the cake gently with a fork while still warm. Drizzle icing over cake. Serve warm or allow to cool completely before serving.

Submitter: 
Ginny Maziarka
Description: 
This super-moist banana Bundt® cake is aromatic and irresistible. It's made with yogurt, and a delectable almond streusel hides inside for a sweet surprise in every bite! Make it the day before an event. The flavor enhances by the second day!
Categories:
Desserts
Nut Desserts
Almond Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
2 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
596 calories
26.8
g fat
83.1
g carbohydrates
8.8
g protein
83
mg cholesterol
485
mg sodium.
