URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276654/instant-pot-loaded-baked-potato-soup/
Title:
Instant Pot® Loaded Baked Potato Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7172976.jpg
Ingredients:
1 yellow onion, diced
4 thick slices cherrywood-smoked bacon, cut into 1-inch pieces
1 tablespoon butter
2 1/2 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and chopped
1 cup water
1 1/2 teaspoons garlic base (such as Better Than Bouillon® Roasted Garlic Base)
1 1/2 cups half-and-half
1/2 cup shredded Cheddar cheese
1/4 cup sliced green onions
ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) and select Saute function. Add onion, bacon, and butter to the hot pot and saute until bacon is crispy, 5 to 8 minutes. Turn off Saute function and transfer contents to a small bowl.
Add potatoes, water, and garlic base to pot and close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 12 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 15 minutes. Release remaining pressure carefully using the quick-release method, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Mash potatoes against the side of the pot, leaving some chunks if desired. Add onion-bacon mixture and half-and-half; stir to combine.
Ladle into soup bowls and top with green onions, Cheddar cheese, and black pepper.

Submitter: 
thedailygourmet
Description: 
This potato soup cooks in an Instant Pot® and is customizable with assorted toppings. I prefer to get my saltiness from the bacon, so I don't add extra salt. I also like a thicker chowder-like consistency; if you like yours thinner, add more liquid.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Vegetable Soup
Potato Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
342 calories
15.9
g fat
39.6
g carbohydrates
11.6
g protein
47
mg cholesterol
446
mg sodium.
