URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276658/instant-pot-vegetarian-white-chicken-chili/
Title:
Instant Pot® Vegetarian White "Chicken" Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7437815.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 onion, finely chopped
2 jalapeno peppers, seeded and finely chopped
1 green bell pepper, finely chopped
2 cloves garlic, finely chopped
1 (12 ounce) package artificial chicken pieces (such as Quorn™)
4 cups vegetable broth
2 (16 ounce) cans pinto beans, rinsed and drained
1 (16 ounce) package frozen cauliflower florets
1 cup frozen sweet corn
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
salt to taste
1/2 cup sour cream
2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, or to taste (optional)

Directions:
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)), select Saute function, and add olive oil. Add onion, jalapeno peppers, bell pepper, and garlic to hot oil; saute until onions begins to soften, about 3 minutes. Add artificial chicken pieces and saute for another 3 minutes.
Add vegetable broth, pinto beans, frozen cauliflower, frozen corn, oregano, cumin, pepper, and salt. Close and lock the lid. Select Soup function and set timer for 15 minutes.
Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, for 5 minutes. Release remaining pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid.
Stir in sour cream. Ladle into bowls and top with fresh cilantro.

Submitter: 
Michele  S
Description: 
This is a great vegetarian Instant Pot® recipe (or even vegan, if you change out a few ingredients) for traditional white chicken chili. This is not a very spicy chili if made according to this recipe, but you could up the game by adding more jalapenos or peppers of your choice.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Chili
White Chili

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
calories
fat
carbohydrates
protein
cholesterol
sodium.
