URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276602/pepperoni-provolone-bread/
Title:
Pepperoni-Provolone Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/2119076.jpg
Ingredients:
5 cups unsifted all-purpose flour, divided
3 tablespoons white sugar
1 (.25 ounce) package active dry yeast
2 teaspoons salt
1 1/2 cups water
1/2 cup milk
3 tablespoons unsalted butter
2 eggs
32 slices provolone cheese
1 pound sliced pepperoni

Directions:
Add 2 cups flour, sugar, yeast, and salt to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment.
Combine water, milk, and butter in a saucepan over low heat. Heat until warm; butter does not need to melt. Gradually pour into the flour mixture, beating at medium speed until fully combined, about 2 minutes. Add remaining flour and continue mixing until a soft dough forms.
Switch to a dough hook and knead until smooth and elastic, 5 to 6 minutes. Place dough in a large, lightly-oiled bowl and turn to coat. Cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled in volume, about 1 hour.
Punch down dough and turn onto a lightly floured surface. Divide in half; return one half to the bowl and cover. Roll dough into a 12x16-inch rectangle. Whisk eggs with a small amount of water; brush some egg wash over the half of the rectangle farthest away from you.
Arrange 16 provolone cheese slices in a single layer on the dough, leaving a 1-inch border on the edges. Place 1/2 of the pepperoni over the cheese. Starting at the edge closest to you, carefully roll dough up. Brush seams with egg wash and pinch them closed using some flour. Place loaf, seam-side down, on a large cookie sheet lined with parchment paper; cover. Repeat with remaining dough, cheese, and pepperoni.
Let loaves rest, covered, for 30 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Uncover loaves and brush remaining egg wash over the entire surface of both loaves.
Bake in the preheated oven, rotating pans halfway through, until golden, 30 to 35 minutes. Let cool for 15 to 20 minutes. Slice into desired thickness and serve warm.

Submitter: 
Sloppy Chef
Description: 
This is my mom's recipe that's been in our family for 30+ years. It is a hit everywhere and is literally the first dish gone. I make it for potlucks, holidays, football games, or a meal/appetizer at home. Although I consider this a somewhat advanced recipe, it is easy to master. It is my most-requested recipe! Serve alongside your favorite marinara sauce. Freezes very well!!
Categories:
Bread
Yeast Bread
White Bread

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
418 calories
24.7
g fat
27.1
g carbohydrates
20.9
g protein
77
mg cholesterol
1015
mg sodium.
