URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276681/glazed-lemon-cream-cheese-cookies/
Title:
Glazed Lemon-Cream Cheese Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/720476.jpg
Ingredients:
Cookies:
1 1/2 cups cake flour
1 cup all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup butter
1/2 (8 ounce) package cream cheese
1/2 cup white sugar
1/2 cup powdered sugar
1 large egg
1 egg yolk
1 tablespoon lemon zest
1 tablespoon lemon juice
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Glaze:
1 ounce cream cheese, softened
5 tablespoons milk
1 tablespoon lemon juice
1 tablespoon lemon zest
1 cup sifted powdered sugar

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper.
Sift cake flour, all-purpose flour, baking powder, and salt together in a medium bowl.
Combine butter, cream cheese, white sugar, and powdered sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment; beat until light and fluffy, 4 to 5 minutes. Mix in egg and egg yolk until incorporated. Add lemon juice, lemon zest, and vanilla extract; mix to combine. Slowly add flour mixture until just incorporated; batter will be thick and sticky. Scoop dough with a small cookie scoop and drop 1 inch apart onto the prepared baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until edges are golden, about 11 minutes. Cool on the baking sheet for 1 minute before removing to a wire rack to cool. Repeat with remaining dough.
While cookies are baking, whisk together cream cheese, milk, lemon juice, and lemon zest for the glaze in a small bowl until no lumps remain. Slowly whisk in powdered sugar until glaze is runny in consistency. Hold each warm cookie upside down and dip and twist in the glaze. Shake off excess glaze, and place cookie upright on a cooling rack. Repeat with remaining cookies and glaze.

Submitter: 
KristaMW
Description: 
These delicate cookies are soft and fluffy inside thanks to the addition of cake flour. The cream cheese enhances the flavor of the cookie and the glaze. Perfect for Sunday tea or coffee.
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Lemon Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
36
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
118 calories
5.6
g fat
15.7
g carbohydrates
1.5
g protein
25
mg cholesterol
102
mg sodium.
