URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276655/instant-pot-sweet-and-sour-pork/
Title:
Instant Pot® Sweet and Sour Pork Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7169988.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 pound boneless pork loin, cut into 3/4-inch cubes
1 1/4 cups water, divided
1/2 cup ketchup
1/3 cup rice vinegar
1/3 cup pineapple juice
2 tablespoons brown sugar
2 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce
2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger
1 teaspoon minced garlic
aluminum foil
1 onion, vertically sliced
1 cup chopped fresh pineapple
1 red bell pepper, cut into large chunks
1 green bell pepper, cut into large chunks
2 tablespoons cornstarch
1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds (optional)

Directions:
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as an Instant Pot(R)) and select Saute function. Add oil and heat until hot. Add pork cubes, working in batches if necessary, and cook until browned on all sides, about 5 minutes. Return all the pork back to the pot and cancel Saute mode.
Whisk together 3/4 cup water, ketchup, rice vinegar, pineapple juice, brown sugar, soy sauce, ginger, and garlic in a small bowl. Pour over pork and stir to combine.
Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 5 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Release remaining pressure using the quick-release method. Unlock the lid and remove. Transfer pork to a plate using a slotted spoon. Cover with foil to keep warm.
Select Saute mode and stir in onion, pineapple, and red and green bell peppers. Simmer until vegetables start to soften, 6 to 7 minutes.
Whisk together cornstarch and remaining 1/2 cup water in a small bowl until smooth. Pour slurry into the pot. Cook, stirring constantly, until sauce has thickened to your preferred consistency, about 2 minutes. Return cooked pork back to the pot and heat until just warmed through. Garnish with sesame seeds.

Submitter: 
lutzflcat
Description: 
Sweet and sour pork is a traditional and delicious Chinese dish. There's no need for takeout when you can make it with very little effort at home, and even better, in the Instant Pot®. Serve with rice.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Chinese

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
329 calories
11.4
g fat
36
g carbohydrates
22.1
g protein
54
mg cholesterol
649
mg sodium.
