URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276685/tomato-bisque-on-steroids/
Title:
Tomato Bisque on Steroids Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7183262.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
1/2 sweet onion (such as Vidalia®), finely chopped
2 stalks celery, finely chopped
1 pinch salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 tablespoons minced garlic, or more to taste
3 (28 ounce) cans crushed tomatoes (such as San Marzano®), divided
1 (32 ounce) carton chicken broth
2 tablespoons ground paprika
1/2 tablespoon ground cayenne pepper
1/2 tablespoon ground dried chipotle pepper
1/2 cup uncooked jasmine rice
1 cup heavy cream
2 tablespoons sugar, or more to taste
4 tablespoons heavy cream, or to taste
2 (10 ounce) cans diced tomatoes with green chile peppers
2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh basil leaves, or to taste

Directions:
Heat olive oil in a large, tall pot or Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add onion and celery and season with salt and pepper. Cook until vegetables are slightly opaque, 5 to 8 minutes. Add garlic; cook and stir for 2 minutes, being careful not to brown garlic.
Pour in 2 cans of crushed tomatoes and chicken broth; bring to a boil. Stir in paprika, cayenne pepper, and chipotle pepper. Add rice and reduce heat to medium-low or low to maintain a simmer. Cook, stirring every few minutes, until rice is tender and celery has softened, about 45 minutes. Puree soup with an immersion blender until smooth. Stir in heavy cream and sugar, and season with salt and pepper as needed.
Stir in diced tomatoes and remaining can of crushed tomatoes. Cook over medium heat until warmed through, 5 to 7 minutes. Ladle soup into warm bowls. Spoon remaining cream in spirals on each bowl and top with basil.

Submitter: 
Matt Anderson
Description: 
This tomato bisque has it all! A creamy, tomato base with chunks of crushed tomatoes and jalapeno peppers, and some extra heat from cayenne pepper, chipotle powder, and paprika.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Vegetable Soup
Tomato Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
341 calories
18.6
g fat
41.3
g carbohydrates
8
g protein
54
mg cholesterol
1248
mg sodium.
