URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276690/miso-braised-beef-with-king-mushrooms/
Title:
Miso-Braised Beef with King Mushrooms Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7189962.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (2 1/2 pound) boneless beef chuck roast, cut into 2-inch thick strips
kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste
2 tablespoons peanut oil
1 tablespoon butter
3 king trumpet mushrooms, halved lengthwise
1 yellow onion, diced
1/4 cup sake
3 tablespoons yellow miso
2 tablespoons maple syrup
2 tablespoons ketchup
1/2 cup chicken broth
1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar
1/4 cup thinly sliced red chile pepper
1/4 cup thinly sliced green onions

Directions:
Season beef with kosher salt, black pepper, and cayenne.
Heat peanut oil in a pan over high heat. Brown beef strips on all sides, about 3 minutes per side. Turn off heat and transfer beef to a plate.
Let pan cool slightly, 1 to 2 minutes; melt butter in residual heat. Turn heat to medium and add mushrooms, cut-side down. Cook until mushrooms are lightly brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip; continue to cook until golden, 2 to 3 minutes more. Add onion and season with salt; cook until slightly golden, 3 to 4 minutes.
Stir in sake and deglaze the pan, scraping up browned bits using a wooden spoon. Stir in miso, maple syrup, ketchup, and chicken broth; bring to a simmer, about 5 minutes. Add browned beef, mushrooms, and their juices.
Cover and let simmer over low to medium-low heat until meat is fork-tender, 2 to 3 hours, turning beef halfway through cooking time.
Stir in vinegar, chiles, and green onions. Cover and cook for 5 minutes more. Taste and adjust seasonings.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
As much as I love a traditional beef stew, or braised beef short ribs, I like to shake things up sometimes by applying the same techniques to a few non-traditional ingredients. 
This melt-in-your-mouth braised beef dish is cold weather comfort food at its finest. Miso adds an extra savory element, balanced with a touch of maple syrup, which further enhances the autumnal feel. Serve over mashed potatoes, rice, or noodles.
Categories:
Everyday Cooking

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
2 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
608 calories
42.4
g fat
15.7
g carbohydrates
35.7
g protein
138
mg cholesterol
988
mg sodium.
