URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276684/german-chocolate-texas-sheet-cake-with-coconut-pecan-frosting/
Title:
German Chocolate Texas Sheet Cake with Coconut-Pecan Frosting Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Cake:
cooking spray
4 (1 ounce) squares sweet baking chocolate (such as Baker's German's Sweet Chocolate®), broken into pieces
1/2 cup water
4 large eggs, separated, divided
2 cups white sugar
1 cup unsalted butter, softened
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 cups all-purpose flour, sifted
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup buttermilk
Coconut-Pecan Frosting:
2 cups evaporated milk
2 cups white sugar
1/2 cup butter
6 egg yolks
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
2 cups sweetened flaked coconut
2 cups chopped pecans

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray an 11x17-inch sheet pan with cooking spray.
Place chocolate and water in a large microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on high for 1 minute. Stir and continue cooking until chocolate is almost melted, about 30 seconds longer. Remove from microwave and stir until chocolate is completely melted.
Beat egg whites in a glass, metal, or ceramic bowl until stiff peaks form.
Combine sugar and butter in a large bowl; beat with an electric mixer until smooth and creamy. Add egg yolks to the sugar mixture, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Blend in melted chocolate and vanilla extract.
Stir together flour, baking soda, and salt in a separate bowl. Add flour mixture to sugar-butter mixture alternating with buttermilk, beating batter until well blended after each addition. Add egg whites and stir gently until incorporated. Spread batter into the prepared pan.
Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 28 to 30 minutes. Cool on a wire rack, about 30 minutes.
While cake is cooling, prepare the frosting. Combine evaporated milk, sugar, butter, egg yolks, and vanilla extract in a large saucepan over medium heat; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in coconut and pecans. Mix the frosting until cooled but still spreadable. Spread on top of cooled cake.

Submitter: 
Dee
Description: 
I wanted to make a German chocolate sheet cake for a family reunion, but couldn't find a recipe I liked. So I created my own. It was a huge hit! This is now my go-to whenever I need to make a German chocolate cake. It takes a little time to make, but it's so worth it!
Categories:
Desserts
Nut Desserts
Pecan Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
440 calories
24.5
g fat
51.5
g carbohydrates
6
g protein
119
mg cholesterol
169
mg sodium.
