URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276695/instant-pot-harissa-hummus/
Title:
Instant Pot® Harissa Hummus Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7186595.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup dry chickpeas (garbanzo beans)
2 cups water
1 cup low-sodium vegetable broth
3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil , divided
2 tablespoons tahini
1 tablespoon lemon juice
1 large clove garlic
6 teaspoons harissa paste, divided
1/2 teaspoon salt, or more to taste

Directions:
Soak chickpeas in water for about 2 hours, rubbing occasionally while soaking to help remove the outer skin. Discard any skins that come loose. Drain chickpeas.
Combine chickpeas, water, and vegetable broth in a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)). Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 20 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid.
Strain chickpeas, reserving 3/4 cup of cooking liquid. Set aside 1/4 cup cooked chickpeas for garnish and transfer remaining chickpeas into the bowl of a food processor fitted with a blade. Add 2 tablespoons olive oil, tahini, lemon juice, and garlic. Blend until smooth, about 3 minutes, scraping down the sides. Add 1/2 cup of the reserved cooking liquid. Blend until creamy adding more liquid if necessary. Mix in 5 teaspoons harissa paste and salt.
Scrape hummus into a bowl. Drizzle remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and 1 teaspoon harissa paste and swirl with a knife, but do not mix in completely. Sprinkle with the reserved, whole chickpeas. Serve at room temperature.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Classic hummus made from dried chickpeas in your Instant Pot® with the kick of harissa, the smoked pepper paste from North Africa. Serve with warm flatbread or veggies. You can even add some to your soups for a twist in flavor. The hummus can be served immediately or refrigerated to help flavors meld.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Dips and Spreads
Hummus

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
2 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
165 calories
8.7
g fat
17.1
g carbohydrates
5.5
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
203
mg sodium.
