URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276628/lighter-coffee-cake-with-yogurt-pecans-and-raisins/
Title:
Lighter Coffee Cake with Yogurt, Pecans, and Raisins Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/2440682.jpg
Ingredients:
Pecan Topping:
1/2 cup chopped pecans
1/4 cup white sugar
1/4 cup brown sugar
Coffee Cake:
1 serving nonstick cooking spray
1 cup brown sugar
3 tablespoons unsweetened applesauce
3 tablespoons coconut oil
2 tablespoons butter, softened
1 cup nonfat plain Greek yogurt
1/3 cup light sour cream
2 teaspoons baking soda
1 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup whole wheat flour
2 large eggs, beaten
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup seedless raisins
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon

Directions:
Stir together pecans, white sugar, and brown sugar for the pecan topping in a small bowl. Set aside.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly spray a fluted tube pan (such as Bundt(R)) with cooking spray.
Combine brown sugar, applesauce, coconut oil, and butter for the coffee cake in a large bowl. Mix with a spatula until butter is almost completely mixed in, with some chunks remaining. Mix in yogurt, sour cream, and 1 teaspoon baking soda. Add all-purpose flour, whole wheat flour, eggs, vanilla, baking powder, remaining 1 teaspoon baking soda, and salt; stir until batter is well mixed and a light brown color. Stir in raisins until evenly distributed in the batter; batter will be thick.
Scoop 1/2 of the batter into the prepared pan, smoothing it out evenly so it is flat. Sprinkle with 1/2 of the pecan topping. Repeat with remaining batter and pecan topping.
Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 45 to 48 minutes. Cool on a wire rack for 5 minutes. Invert onto a cooling rack and then flip carefully so the sugary pecan-topped side remains on top. Serve warm.

Submitter: 
DinaLaChef
Description: 
I wanted to make a lighter version of the traditional coffee cake, and came up with this recipe. We loved it at home! We eat it as a snack or at breakfast. This is a delicious alternative to the traditionally butter- and sour cream-heavy coffee cake. The raisins add a lovely fruity bite, and applesauce, coconut oil, and nonfat yogurt give the cake a lighter, naturally sweetened taste. Wrap in aluminum foil to keep moist outside of the refrigerator for up to 4 days.
Categories:
Desserts
Nut Desserts
Pecan Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
340 calories
12.3
g fat
55.3
g carbohydrates
5.6
g protein
42
mg cholesterol
395
mg sodium.
