URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276701/calzagatti-pan-fried-polenta-and-beans/
Title:
Calzagatti (Pan-Fried Polenta and Beans) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7186678.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cups water
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup polenta
1 teaspoon olive oil
1 1/2 ounces guanciale, minced
1/4 cup minced white onion
1 sprig fresh rosemary, leaves stripped and finely chopped
1 clove garlic, whole
1 cup Romano (cranberry) beans, rinsed and drained
1/4 cup canned, diced tomatoes
cheesecloth
1/4 cup light vegetable oil, divided

Directions:
Bring 3 cups of water to boil in a large pot. Add 1/2 teaspoon salt. Sprinkle in polenta, whisking constantly, to avoid lumps from forming. Reduce heat and simmer, stirring often, until polenta is creamy and no longer gritty, 15 to 20 minutes. Turn off the heat.
While polenta is cooking, heat 1 teaspoon olive oil in a skillet. Add guanciale and saute until crispy. Add minced onion, garlic clove, and rosemary and cook until garlic is lightly browned and fragrant but not burned, about 1 minute. Remove and discard garlic clove. Stir in cranberry beans and tomatoes and simmer until thickened a bit, about 5 minutes.
Fold bean mixture into polenta and mix well. Pour into a 9-inch square glass dish or silicone cake pan and allow to cool, about 30 minutes.
Flip cooled polenta over and set out, covered with cheesecloth, to air-dry until most of the moisture has evaporated, 8 hours to overnight.
Cut dried polenta into 2x3-inch rectangles.
Heat a pan over medium-high heat and add 2 tablespoons oil. Add a few polenta rectangles to the hot oil and cook until brown and crisp, 3 to 4 minutes, without disturbing the calzagatti. Flip, and cook until brown and crisp on the other side. Remove and drain on paper towels. Continue with the rest of the calzagatti, adding more oil as necessary.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
From Italy's Emilia-Romagna, creamy polenta and cranberry beans are cooked together and then pan-fried. This particular version hails from Modena, famous for sports cars and Luciano Pavarotti. This recipe can also be called “casagai” or “cazzagai”. This street food makes a lovely snack or appetizer and is best served with a light red wine. Serve warm as an appetizer or alongside a salad for a light meal.
Categories:
Side Dish
Grains
Polenta

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
9 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
218 calories
12.9
g fat
21.1
g carbohydrates
5
g protein
6
mg cholesterol
453
mg sodium.
