URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276744/keto-turkey-meatballs-with-sour-cream-horseradish-dip/
Title:
Keto Turkey Meatballs with Sour Cream-Horseradish Dip Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7223046.jpg
Ingredients:
Turkey Meatballs:
1 egg
2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
1/2 cup minced fresh mushrooms
3 large cloves garlic, minced
1 tablespoon onion powder
2 teaspoons herbes de Provence
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1/2 cup almond flour
1 pound ground turkey
Dip:
1/2 cup sour cream
2 tablespoons minced fresh chives
3 teaspoons minced fresh parsley
2 teaspoons prepared horseradish, or to taste
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Grease 24 mini muffin cups.
Whisk together egg and olive oil in a medium bowl until well combined. Add mushrooms, garlic, onion powder, herbes de Provence, salt, pepper, and red pepper flakes; stir to combine. Stir in Parmesan cheese and almond flour. Add ground turkey, and mix with your hands to work seasoning blend evenly into meat; mixture will be wet and sticky.
Use a spoon to fill each prepared muffin cup with turkey mixture, gently rounding the tops.
Bake in the preheated oven until meatballs are lightly browned on the outside and no longer pink in the center, about 25 minutes. Move oven rack to the top position, turn on the broiler, and broil until a bit darker but not too brown, about 2 minutes more. Remove from the oven and transfer to a serving dish.
Stir together sour cream, chives, 2 teaspoons parsley, horseradish, salt, and pepper. Place meatballs on a serving dish, sprinkle with remaining 1 teaspoon parsley, and serve with dip.

Submitter: 
Bibi
Description: 
Minced mushrooms give these keto turkey meatballs great texture and juiciness, and the seasonings add a real flavor boost. Try them as an appetizer, with the dip, or use your own sauce and create a main dish.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Meat and Poultry
Turkey

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
305 calories
22.2
g fat
5.7
g carbohydrates
21.9
g protein
101
mg cholesterol
587
mg sodium.
