URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276735/frosted-lemon-cookies/
Title:
Frosted Lemon Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Cookies:
1 1/2 cups butter, softened
6 tablespoons white sugar
1 cup cornstarch
2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
6 tablespoons fresh lemon juice
2 teaspoons grated lemon peel
Frosting:
2 cups powdered sugar
1 cup butter, softened
2 teaspoons grated lemon peel
2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice
3 drops yellow food coloring, or as desired (optional)

Directions:
Combine butter and sugar for cookies in a large bowl; beat with an electric mixer until fluffy. Mix in cornstarch. Add flour, lemon juice, and lemon peel; beat on low speed until a soft dough forms. Shape dough into a 2-inch diameter log. Wrap in waxed paper and chill in the refrigerator until firm, 1 to 2 hours.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Remove dough from refrigerator and cut into 1/4-inch slices. Place cookies on an ungreased cookie sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until firm, about 10 minutes. Cool on the baking sheet for 1 minute before removing to a wire rack to cool, 8 to 10 minutes more. Repeat with remaining dough.
While cookies are baking, combine powdered sugar, butter, lemon peel, lemon juice, and food coloring for frosting in a large bowl; beat with an electric mixer until smooth. Spread frosting onto cooled cookies. Let frosting dry completely before storing.

Submitter: 
SHERRIBERRI519
Description: 
These cookies were made by a lady in a cookie exchange years ago and they've been a holiday favorite ever since. They're the first to go on the entire cookie tray! They are amazing. I'd eat them year-round if they didn't require a little extra prep time with the fresh lemon!
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Lemon Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
36
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
194 calories
12.9
g fat
19
g carbohydrates
1
g protein
34
mg cholesterol
91
mg sodium.
