URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276730/seafood-alfredo-with-mushrooms-and-snow-peas/
Title:
Seafood Alfredo with Mushrooms and Snow Peas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 (16 ounce) package fettuccine pasta
2 tablespoons butter
2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
6 cloves garlic, or more to taste, minced
1 cup sliced fresh mushrooms
1/2 cup uncooked medium shrimp, peeled and deveined
1/2 cup bay scallops
1/2 cup calamari rings
2 tablespoons seafood seasoning (such as Old Bay®)
1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes
2 cups half-and-half
1 cup snow pea pods, trimmed
3/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil. Cook fettuccine at a boil until tender yet firm to the bite, about 8 minutes.
Meanwhile, heat butter and olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add garlic; saute until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add mushrooms; saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Add shrimp, scallops, calamari, seafood seasoning, and pepper flakes; saute for 1 minute. Stir in half-and-half and pea pods. Sprinkle in Parmesan cheese, 1 tablespoon at a time, stirring constantly, until all has been added. Mix in parsley and season with salt and pepper.
Reduce heat slightly and cook, stirring frequently to keep from boiling, until sauce has reached desired thickness and seafood is fully cooked, 8 to 10 minutes. Add drained fettuccine and toss until thoroughly combined. Serve hot in shallow bowls.

Submitter: 
Wendy Dixon
Description: 
This seafood Alfredo is a wonderful creamy dish that is very flavorful and great for any dinner party.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Sauces
Pasta Sauces
Creamy
Alfredo Sauce

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
428 calories
17.9
g fat
48.3
g carbohydrates
20
g protein
86
mg cholesterol
681
mg sodium.
