URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276733/tortellini-alfredo-with-grilled-chicken-breasts/
Title:
Tortellini Alfredo with Grilled Chicken Breasts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Chicken:
2 large skinless, boneless chicken breasts
olive oil
1 pinch Italian seasoning, or to taste
1 pinch garlic powder, or to taste
kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
Alfredo Sauce:
1 (12 ounce) package frozen cheese tortellini
1/4 cup butter
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 cup heavy cream
1 1/4 cups freshly grated Parmesan cheese
2 pinches Italian seasoning, or to taste
freshly ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil the grate.
Place chicken in a bowl and add oil, Italian seasoning, garlic powder, kosher salt, and pepper. Toss to coat.
Cook chicken on the preheated grill until no longer pink in the centers and the juices run clear, about 6 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Remove from the grill and allow to cool.
Meanwhile, fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil; stir in tortellini and return to a boil. Cook uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the tortellini float to the top and the filling is hot, about 3 minutes. Drain and set aside; keep warm.
Slice chicken breast into bite-size pieces.
Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add garlic and cook, 2 to 3 minutes. Add cream and heat to room temperature, about 3 minutes more. Stir in Parmesan cheese and allow to melt, 2 to 3 minutes. Add Italian seasoning and pepper. Bring to a slow boil for about 1 minute before tossing in cooked tortellini and grilled chicken breast.

Submitter: 
Ken
Description: 
An out-of-this-world Alfredo sauce over cheese tortellini that won't sit too heavy in your stomach.
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
Italian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
560 calories
36.1
g fat
28.7
g carbohydrates
30.9
g protein
157
mg cholesterol
639
mg sodium.
