URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276780/spicy-stir-fried-udon-noodles/
Title:
Spicy Stir-Fried Udon Noodles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7530801.jpg
Ingredients:
Marinade:
1/2 cup soy sauce
2 tablespoons oyster sauce
2 tablespoons hoisin sauce
2 tablespoons brown sugar
1 1/2 tablespoons Sriracha sauce
1 tablespoon rice vinegar
1 tablespoon sesame oil
1 tablespoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
3 boneless pork loin chops, cut into bite-sized pieces
2 (7 ounce) packages fresh udon noodles
2 cups chopped broccoli florets
1 tablespoon olive oil, or more as needed
1/2 onion, finely chopped
4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, or more to taste
3 tablespoons bean sprouts, or to taste (optional)
3 tablespoons julienned carrot, or to taste (optional)
2 tablespoons diced green onion, or to taste (optional)

Directions:
Mix soy sauce, oyster sauce, hoisin sauce, brown sugar, Sriracha, rice vinegar, sesame oil, garlic powder, and pepper together in a small bowl. Combine 1/2 of the marinade with pork in a bowl. Refrigerate, 4 hours to overnight. Reserve remaining marinade for noodles.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook udon in boiling water for 2 minutes; add broccoli to blanch slightly and continue to boil until noodles loosen, about 1 minute more. Strain and set aside.
Heat olive oil in a wok or deep pan over medium heat. Add onion and garlic; stir-fry until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add pork, bean sprouts, and carrot; stir-fry until pork is no longer pink, about 5 minutes. Add drained udon noodles and broccoli. Pour in remaining marinade and toss noodles to absorb flavors, 2 to 3 minutes. Add green onion; toss lightly, 1 to 2 minutes.

Submitter: 
Raquel Teixeira
Description: 
The first time I had sauteed udon noodles, I fell in love. Most try udon in soups, but the flavors from a hot pan and excellent sauces make this spicy stir-fried version so much better. I mixed together my concoction of Asian flavors and produced this lovely dish that is great for family, friends, and guests. I promise you they will love it more than your generic Asian takeout.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
4 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
599 calories
17.6
g fat
78.9
g carbohydrates
29
g protein
47
mg cholesterol
2872
mg sodium.
