URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276729/cajun-shrimp-and-sausage-alfredo/
Title:
Cajun Shrimp and Sausage Alfredo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1/4 cup butter
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 (12 ounce) package pork sausage links, sliced
1 (10 ounce) package frozen bell pepper, celery, and onion blend (such as Pictsweet® Farms Seasoning Blend)
1 (4 ounce) jar sliced mushrooms, drained
2 tablespoons Creole seasoning (such as Tony Chachere's®)
1 tablespoon minced garlic
2 teaspoons ground black pepper
1 pound uncooked medium shrimp, peeled and deveined
1 (15 ounce) jar Alfredo sauce (such as Bertolli®)
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1 (16 ounce) box fettuccine noodles
2 tablespoons Italian bread crumbs
1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley

Directions:
Heat butter and olive oil in a large skillet pan over medium-high heat. Add sausage, frozen vegetables, and mushrooms. Saute until sausage is almost fully cooked, onions are tender, and any liquid from the frozen vegetables has almost fully evaporated, 10 to 12 minutes. Stir in Creole seasoning, garlic, and pepper; cook for 2 minutes. Add shrimp, Alfredo sauce, and Parmesan cheese. Cook and stir until sauce has thickened and shrimp are bright pink on the outside and the meat is opaque, about 5 minutes.
Meanwhile, fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil. Cook fettuccine at a boil until tender yet firm to the bite, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain fettuccine, top with shrimp-sausage mixture, and sprinkle with bread crumbs and parsley.

Submitter: 
mammak
Description: 
I played around with some different seafood and fettuccini recipes, and combined our favorites into this delicious Cajun shrimp and sausage Alfredo dish that my family can't seem to get enough of. It is filling and so quick and easy to make.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Sauces
Pasta Sauces
Creamy
Alfredo Sauce

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
650 calories
34.8
g fat
53
g carbohydrates
33.6
g protein
161
mg cholesterol
1467
mg sodium.
