URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276811/orange-spice-bundt-cake-with-ground-cherries/
Title:
Orange-Spice Bundt&reg; Cake with Ground Cherries Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F7039885.jpg
Ingredients:
2 ¼ cups all-purpose flour
1 ½ teaspoons baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 ½ teaspoons ground cinnamon
½ teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon ground cloves
½ teaspoon ground ginger
¼ teaspoon ground allspice
¾ cup unsalted butter, softened
¾ cup firmly packed brown sugar
3  eggs, at room temperature
½ cup pure maple syrup
1 ½ teaspoons vanilla extract
1 teaspoon grated orange zest
¾ cup buttermilk
2 cups ground cherries, husked

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a fluted tube pan (such as Bundt®) generously.
Whisk flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, salt, cloves, ginger, and allspice together in a medium bowl until combined.
Beat butter and brown sugar together in a large bowl with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Mix in maple syrup, vanilla extract, and orange zest. Add in 1/3 of the flour mixture and stir until just combined. Pour in half of the buttermilk and mix until just combined. Repeat alternating additions of flour mixture and buttermilk until ingredients are incorporated, beginning and ending with flour mixture, stirring just until combined. Do not overmix. Fold in ground cherries gently. Pour batter into the prepared pan.
Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean, 50 to 55 minutes. Allow to cool in the pan for 10 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.

Submitter: 
Kim
Description: 
I came up with this cake as a way to use the massive amounts of ground cherries (also known as Cape gooseberries or husk cherries) that grew in my garden this year. The ground cherries have a subtle pineapple-y flavor and a beautiful orange color that makes a great addition to this spicy Bundt® cake.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
NA
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 20 mins
Number of servings: 
10 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
313 calories
13.3
g fat
44.3
g carbohydrates
5.1
g protein
78
mg cholesterol
304
mg sodium.
