URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276872/moms-beef-wellington-with-pate/
Title:
Mom's Beef Wellington with Pate Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons canola oil
8 (4 ounce) sirloin steaks, frozen
2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons ground black pepper
2 tablespoons butter
1 (16 ounce) package finely chopped fresh mushrooms
1 cup minced fresh onion
1 (3 ounce) can herbed liver pate
1 (17.5 ounce) package frozen puff pastry, thawed

Directions:
Heat oil in a large skillet over high heat. Working in batches, sear steaks in hot oil until browned, about 90 seconds per side; insides will still be raw. Sprinkle salt and pepper on the outsides of the steaks and transfer to a baking dish. Cover and place in the refrigerator for 8 hours or overnight.
Melt butter in a large skillet over very low heat. Add mushrooms and onion and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in pate until completely mixed; cook until all moisture has evaporated and it starts to stick to the pan. Transfer to a bowl, cover, and refrigerate stuffing 8 hours to overnight.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Grease a baking sheet.
Roll out 1 sheet of puff pastry and place 4 steaks on top. Cut out the pastry around each steak, leaving 1 1/2 inch border on all sides. Remove the steaks. Repeat with the remaining sheet of puff pastry and steaks.
Place a spoonful of stuffing down the center of a pastry piece, set a steak on top, and spread another small spoonful of stuffing on top; press down gently. Fold pastry around the steak, overlapping as much as possible and squeezing dough tightly to seal. Turn pastry over and place on the prepared baking sheet. Repeat with remaining pastry squares, stuffing, and steaks.
Bake in the preheated oven, checking after 20 minutes, until pastry is golden brown and steak reaches desired doneness, 30 to 35 minutes.

Submitter: 
Melissa Anderson
Description: 
My mother finally gave me the recipe for my favorite dish, her famous beef Wellington! I hope you enjoy it as much as our family does!
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Beef
Steaks
Sirloin Steak

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
9 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
591 calories
39.4
g fat
31.9
g carbohydrates
27.7
g protein
83
mg cholesterol
872
mg sodium.
