URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276873/prosciutto-wrapped-beef-wellington-without-pate/
Title:
Prosciutto-Wrapped Beef Wellington without Pate Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1004689.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 pounds beef tenderloin steak
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 tablespoon olive oil
3 tablespoons mustard
2 1/2 cups cremini mushrooms
5 slices prosciutto
2 egg yolks, beaten
coarse salt to taste
1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed

Directions:
Season beef with salt and pepper. Heat oil in a pan over medium-high heat. Brown beef on all sides, about 7 minutes total. Brush beef with mustard and set aside.
Blend mushrooms, salt, and pepper using an electric blender or food processor to a puree consistency; do not add oil or water.
Heat a pan over medium-high heat. Fry mushroom puree until moisture is gone, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat and let mixture cool in a refrigerator for 10 minutes.
Cut about 18 inches of plastic wrap. Center prosciutto on the plastic; spread mushroom mixture on top of prosciutto vertically, from left to right. Place beef on top, in the middle of the mixture. Roll the plastic wrap tightly so that the entire tenderloin is wrapped in prosciutto. Refrigerate for 15 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Remove beef from plastic wrap carefully; it should hold together well after being chilled. Roll puff pastry out using a rolling pin and place beef in the middle. Wrap beef with pastry and tuck in the sides, discarding any extra pastry, to get a nice round top. Brush with egg yolks, score using a fork or a knife, and top with coarse salt.
Bake in the preheated oven until slightly pink in the center, 35 to 40 minutes, or to desired doneness.

Submitter: 
GhostEXE
Description: 
The best beef Wellington without pate I've ever eaten and this one was inspired by one of my idols, Gordon Ramsay.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Pork

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
540 calories
32
g fat
20
g carbohydrates
40.5
g protein
168
mg cholesterol
597
mg sodium.
