URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276802/grandma-amicos-buttermilk-sugar-cookie-cutouts/
Title:
Grandma Amico's Buttermilk Sugar Cookie Cutouts Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F4194040.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup white sugar
½ cup shortening
½ cup buttermilk
1  egg
3 cups all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
½ teaspoon salt
1 cup confectioners' sugar, or more as needed
1 tablespoon milk, or more as needed

Directions:
Mix sugar, shortening, buttermilk, and egg together in the bowl of an electric stand mixer (such as KitchenAid®) until creamy.
Combine flour, baking powder, baking soda, vanilla extract, and salt in a bowl. Beat into sugar mixture, 1/2 cup at a time, mixing well after each addition. Leave dough to set in a refrigerator for at least 2 hours to overnight.
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Roll dough out on a lightly floured work surface using a lightly floured rolling pin to desired thickness. Cut into shapes using cookie cutters and place onto ungreased cookie sheets.
Bake in the preheated oven until bottoms begin to lightly brown, 8 to 12 minutes. Let cookies cool completely on wax paper or a wire rack, 15 to 30 minutes.
Combine confectioners' sugar and milk in a bowl. Mix into a paste, adding more sugar or milk as needed. Spread frosting thinly onto cooled cookies and cover with sprinkles.

Submitter: 
Lindsey Vedder
Description: 
Grandma Amico made the best buttermilk sugar cookies. These cookies are soft and fluffy and a family tradition for us. Not just for the holidays, but whenever we get the urge for cookies, we make these. I will also leave dough in the fridge for up to a week and make cookies whenever I like. Dough freezes well for later cookie baking.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
NA
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
2 hrs 40 mins
Number of servings: 
2 hrs 15 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
153 calories
4.7
g fat
25.9
g carbohydrates
2.1
g protein
8
mg cholesterol
171
mg sodium.
