URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276861/instant-pot-beef-stroganoff/
Title:
Instant Pot® Beef Stroganoff Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6230989.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 small onion, diced
2 pounds beef steak, cubed or cut into 1/2-inch to 1-inch strips
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme
4 cups beef broth, divided
3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, or more to taste
3 cups chopped fresh mushrooms
1 (16 ounce) package egg noodles
1 (24 ounce) container sour cream
2 tablespoons cornstarch, or more as needed (optional)
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)), select Saute function, and add oil. Add onions to the hot oil and cook until soft and translucent, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove onions to a plate. Add beef to the pot and cook and stir until seared on all sides, 3 to 5 minutes. Mix in garlic and thyme and cook for 1 more minute. Pour in 1 cup beef broth to deglaze the pot, scraping off all the browned bits. Cancel Saute function.
Mix in cooked onions, remaining 3 cups beef broth, mushrooms, and Worcestershire sauce. Close and lock the lid. Select High pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 15 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, for 5 minutes.  Release remaining pressure carefully using the quick-release method, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Stir in egg noodles and mix to combine.
Close and lock the lid. Select High pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 5 minutes. Allow 10 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Stir in sour cream. To thicken the sauce (if too thin), transfer 1/4 cup broth mixture to a small bowl and mix with cornstarch; add back to pot, stirring slowly until combined. Season with salt and pepper.

Submitter: 
Cara
Description: 
This Instant Pot® beef stroganoff is savory, creamy, and has lots of tender beef! Tastes like it's been slow-cooking for hours but ready in a little over an hour.
Categories:
Pasta and Noodles
Noodles

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
562 calories
28.7
g fat
49.2
g carbohydrates
27
g protein
110
mg cholesterol
562
mg sodium.
