URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/276900/pumpkin-crepes-with-fontina-cheese-sauce/
Title:
Pumpkin Crepes with Fontina Cheese Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7188353.jpg
Ingredients:
Crepe Batter:
1 egg
2 1/2 ounces all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup milk
1/2 tablespoon butter, melted
2 teaspoons oil, or as needed
Filling:
1 tablespoon butter
1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil
2 cups peeled and diced pumpkin
1 small leek, white and light green parts only, thinly sliced
salt and ground black pepper to taste
Cheese Sauce:
4 ounces shredded fontina cheese
1/3 cup half-and-half
cooking spray
4 sprigs fresh rosemary, or to taste (optional)

Directions:
Beat egg with a hand mixer in a bowl. Slowly add flour and salt, alternating with milk, mixing well between additions. Add melted butter and mix until smooth. Cover and refrigerate batter for 1 hour.
Heat a small, 6- to 7-inch nonstick skillet over medium-high heat and brush with oil. Pour 1/4 cup of the crepe batter into pan, tilting to coat surface completely. Cook until crepes are dry on the surface, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Repeat with remaining batter, brushing pan with oil between crepes as needed, to make 4 to 5 crepes total.
Heat butter and olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add pumpkin and leek; season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring frequently, until leek is translucent and pumpkin is tender, 7 to 8 minutes. Remove from heat, cover, and let cool for about 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, combine fontina cheese and half-and-half in a small saucepan over medium-low heat. Stir frequently until cheese has melted and sauce is smooth, about 5 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Spray a casserole dish with cooking spray.
Divide the leek and pumpkin filling down the center of the crepes and fold the sides over the filling. Place filled crepes into the prepared casserole dish. Pour cheese sauce on top and add a few rosemary leaves.
Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Kim's Cooking Now
Description: 
This savory crepe recipe makes a nice first course to any meal. You can change up the cheese, but make sure it's a good melting cheese, such as Gouda, Asiago, Gruyere, or provolone.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Crepes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
2 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
342 calories
23.3
g fat
21
g carbohydrates
13
g protein
101
mg cholesterol
628
mg sodium.
