URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277052/jambalaya-soup/
Title:
Jambalaya Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil, or more as needed
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breasts, chopped
1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning
1 pound pork sausage, diced (such as Winkler's Farmer Sausage)
1 cup diced cooked ham
1 cup diced onion
1 cup diced celery
1 cup diced red bell pepper
2 tablespoons crushed garlic
1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning
1 tablespoon paprika
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon ground thyme
6 cups chicken broth
1 (28 ounce) can diced tomatoes
1 (10.75 ounce) can condensed tomato soup
2 bay leaves
2 tablespoons hot pepper sauce (such as Frank's RedHot®)
1 cup uncooked white rice

Directions:
Heat oil in a Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add chicken and saute until no longer pink and juices run clear, 5 to 7 minutes. Season with Cajun seasoning. Set aside in a separate dish.
Cook and stir sausage in the same pot over medium-high heat until nicely browned, 5 to 7 minutes. Add ham and saute 2 to 3 minutes more. Transfer mixture to the chicken dish.
Heat remaining grease and olive oil as needed in the same pot over medium-high heat. Add onion, celery, bell pepper, and garlic; saute until onion becomes translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in remaining Cajun seasoning, paprika, oregano, basil, and thyme.
Pour in chicken broth and stir to mix. Add meat mixture. Add tomatoes, tomato soup, bay leaves, and hot sauce; mix thoroughly. Add rice slowly and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to a simmer and let cook, stirring occasionally to prevent sticking, until rice is tender, 45 minutes to 1 hour.

Submitter: 
mrodgers
Description: 
For a new version of the favorite dish, try this jambalaya soup that comes with flavorful additions that are sure to keep you warm on cold days. Serve in a bowl with a spoon and have something to drink nearby.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Stews
Jambalaya

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
446 calories
18.2
g fat
33.7
g carbohydrates
33.6
g protein
91
mg cholesterol
2214
mg sodium.
