URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277087/caesar-salad-omelet/
Title:
Caesar Salad Omelet Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons dry bread crumbs
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided
1 clove garlic, minced, divided
salt to taste
2 large romaine lettuce, coarsely chopped
1 tablespoon grated Parmesan cheese
2 anchovy fillets, minced
1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice
2 large eggs
1/4 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
freshly ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Toss bread crumbs with 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1/2 of the minced garlic, and salt. Place bread crumbs in a baking pan.
Bake in the preheated oven, turning once or twice, until crispy and golden, about 5 minutes.
Heat 2 more teaspoons of olive oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add romaine lettuce and cook, seasoning with salt, until wilted, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat and sprinkle Parmesan cheese over romaine.
Combine anchovies, lemon juice, 1 1/2 teaspoons olive oil, and remaining garlic in a mortar. Season with salt. Grind into a paste using a pestle. Transfer paste into a small bowl. Add eggs, Worcestershire sauce, and pepper and beat well.
Heat an omelet pan or small frying pan over medium heat. Add remaining olive oil. Pour in egg mixture and cook until edges set slightly but top is still moist, gently stirring the uncooked egg as needed, 2 to 3 minutes. Add romaine to one side of the omelet; top with bread crumbs. Gently fold omelet in half and transfer to a plate.

Submitter: 
wheatsicle
Description: 
Like Caesar dressing, an omelet has eggs. Why can't it have the rest of the ingredients of a Caesar salad too? This one does. It's my own creation, and it works!
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Eggs
Omelets

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
641 calories
42.6
g fat
42.8
g carbohydrates
30.1
g protein
383
mg cholesterol
850
mg sodium.
