URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277088/braised-greens-with-anchovies-golden-raisins-and-pine-nuts/
Title:
Braised Greens with Anchovies, Golden Raisins, and Pine Nuts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 (2 ounce) can anchovy fillets
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 cup golden raisins
1 lemon, zested and juiced
4 cloves garlic, finely chopped
1/2 tablespoon red pepper flakes
1/4 pound kale, thick stems trimmed, leaves coarsely chopped
1/4 pound Swiss chard, trimmed and chopped
1/4 pound collard greens, tough ribs removed and leaves chopped
1/4 pound radicchio, cored and chopped
1 cup dry white wine
1 cup chicken stock
1/2 cup pine nuts, toasted
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Add anchovies and their oil to a large saute pan; pour in olive oil. Cook over medium heat, stirring with a wooden spoon, until anchovies melt into the oil, 3 to 5 minutes. Add raisins, lemon zest, garlic, and red pepper flakes. Cook until garlic starts to soften but not darken, about 2 minutes.
Place kale, chard, collard greens, and radicchio in the pan. Use tongs to move greens around so they're coated with oil. Cook until starting to wilt, about 2 minutes. Pour in white wine and chicken stock. Cover and simmer, stirring occasionally, until greens are tender, about 20 minutes.
Stir pine nuts into the greens. Season with salt and pepper. Stir in lemon juice as desired.

Submitter: 
Ula Hedwig
Description: 
Nope, this is not a recipe from my grandmother, but instead something I had at a neighborhood restaurant in Seattle many years ago. I came home and tried to recreate the awesome flavor and have been making it ever since.

 Think of this as a guideline rather than a recipe. The amount of anchovies, garlic, and red pepper flakes are all really up to you. I like to serve this in a bowl with a big piece of corn bread on top. Enjoy!
Categories:
Side Dish
Vegetables
Greens

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
376 calories
14.2
g fat
48.5
g carbohydrates
12.1
g protein
10
mg cholesterol
718
mg sodium.
