URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277067/holiday-punch-bowl-ice-ring/
Title:
Holiday Punch Bowl Ice Ring Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7290610.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (10 ounce) jar maraschino cherries, drained and juice reserved, divided
3 tablespoons fresh mint leaves, or as needed
2 cups water, or as needed
2 kiwis, peeled and sliced
1 gold kiwi, peeled and sliced
ice cubes
1 1/2 cups green grapes

Directions:
Clear a spot in your freezer that is level and measures at least 14x14-inches.
Place maraschino cherries in a pleasing design around the bottom of a 10- to 12-inch gelatin mold. Arrange mint leaves around the cherries, right-sides down (facing out and touching the mold).
Combine maraschino cherry juice in a bowl with 2 cups water; pour 1/2 inch into the mold on top of cherries and mint, reserve remaining liquid. Place mold in the freezer until partially frozen, about 1 hour.
Remove mold from the freezer and arrange green and gold kiwis on top of cherries. Use ice cubes and grapes to hold kiwi slices in place. Top with remaining ice and grapes. Carefully fill the mold with remaining water-juice mixture, and add more water as necessary to fill to the top edge of the mold. Place in the freezer until frozen solid, about 24 hours.
To unmold the ice ring, fill a bowl that is larger than the mold with 1 inch of hot water. Place the mold into the hot water until ice ring separates from the mold, about 1 minute. Transfer ice ring into your punch bowl and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Bibi
Description: 
A pretty ice ring in your punch bowl adds a festive touch to a holiday gathering. Think about one of the many punch recipes on the site, and how the individual parts of the ice ring will enhance your choice. This ice ring uses lots of red and green, with some bits of gold, thrown in for contrast. This is more of a craft than a dish, so use your imagination! If not using right away, place the frozen ice ring into a plastic bag and store in the freezer until ready to use.
Categories:
Drinks
Punch
Non-Alcoholic Punch

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 d 2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
79 calories
0.4
g fat
19.7
g carbohydrates
0.6
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
5
mg sodium.
