URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277003/traditional-beef-wellington/
Title:
Traditional Beef Wellington Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
6 medium portobello mushroom caps, chopped
sea salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 1/4 pounds New York strip steak, trimmed
4 tablespoons olive oil
3 tablespoons prepared English mustard
8 thin slices prosciutto
1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed
1 egg
1 teaspoon water

Directions:
Place mushrooms in the bowl of a food processor. Blend to a very fine consistency.
Heat a frying pan over medium heat. Add mushrooms and 1 pinch salt and pepper. Cook until moisture evaporates and mixture thickens, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a plate.
Lightly season strip steak with salt and pepper. Heat a frying pan over high heat and add olive oil. Sear strip lightly on all sides to seal in juices, 5 to 7 minutes total, making sure not to overcook. Remove and baste with English mustard.
Lay out a large piece of plastic wrap and place prosciutto on top in 2 rows of 4, overlapping them. Spread mushrooms evenly on top. Place steak in the center and roll prosciutto tightly around it. Wrap tightly in plastic wrap, twisting the ends. Chill in the refrigerator for 20 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.
Roll out pastry sheet; unwrap steak and place in the center. Mix egg and water in a bowl to make egg wash. Apply egg wash to the edges of the pastry using a pastry brush. Fold pastry tightly around steak. Chill for 5 minutes.
Brush egg wash over the pastry and sprinkle sea salt on top. Place on the prepared baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until pastry turns golden, 25 to 30 minutes. Remove and let stand for 5 minutes before slicing into 1-inch pieces.

Submitter: 
tmbarnes77
Description: 
A pastry-wrapped, melt-in-your-mouth, traditional beef wellington that everyone will love!
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
UK and Ireland
English

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
529 calories
38
g fat
24.4
g carbohydrates
23.7
g protein
85
mg cholesterol
482
mg sodium.
