URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277037/sweet-potato-kale-and-chicken-soup/
Title:
Sweet Potato, Kale, and Chicken Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 1/2 pounds bone-in chicken thighs
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 tablespoon canola oil
1 large yellow onion, chopped
1 clove garlic, minced
12 cups chicken broth
6 ribs celery, chopped
5 medium carrots, chopped
2 medium sweet potatoes, chopped
4 bay leaves
1 1/2 teaspoons ground thyme
10 ounces Tuscan kale, remove from tough stem and coarsely chopped
1 (8 ounce) package chopped fresh mushrooms
4 cups uncooked egg noodles
1 tablespoon lemon juice

Directions:
Heat a stockpot over medium-high heat. Pat chicken dry with paper towels; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Add oil to the pot and cook chicken in batches, skin-side down, until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove chicken from the pan. Discard skin and drippings, reserving 2 tablespoons in the stockpot.
Cook and stir onion in the drippings over medium-high heat until tender, 4 to 5 minutes. Add garlic; cook for 1 minute longer. Pour in broth and stir to loosen browned bits from the pan. Bring to a boil.
Return chicken to the pot and add celery, carrots, sweet potatoes, bay leaves, and thyme. Reduce heat to low, cover, and let simmer for 10 minutes. Add kale and mushrooms; continue to simmer until chicken is tender and no longer pink in the centers, 15 to 20 minutes.
Transfer chicken to a plate. Remove soup from heat and add noodles. Let stand, covered, until noodles are tender, 20 to 22 minutes.
Meanwhile, when chicken is cool enough to handle, remove meat from bones and shred into bite-size pieces.
When noodles are tender, return chicken to the stockpot. Stir in lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Remove bay leaves and serve.

Submitter: 
Nick Czajczyk
Description: 
Chicken noodle soup with a little extra kick from sweet potato and kale!
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Vegetable Soup
Sweet Potato Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
14
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
254 calories
8.7
g fat
21.8
g carbohydrates
21.6
g protein
59
mg cholesterol
779
mg sodium.
