URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277074/air-fryer-salmon-nuggets/
Title:
Air Fryer Salmon Nuggets Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7237906.jpg
Ingredients:
1/3 cup maple syrup
1/4 teaspoon ground dried chipotle pepper
1 pinch sea salt
1 1/2 cups butter- and garlic-flavored croutons
1 large egg
1 (1 pound) skinless, center-cut salmon fillet, cut into 1 1/2-inch chunks
cooking spray

Directions:
Combine maple syrup, chipotle powder, and salt in saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Reduce heat to low to keep warm.
Place croutons in the bowl of a mini food processor; pulse until crushed into fine crumbs. Transfer to a shallow bowl. Whisk egg in a separate bowl.
Preheat the air fryer to 390 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Sprinkle salmon lightly with sea salt. Lightly dip salmon into egg mixture, letting excess drip off. Coat salmon in crouton breading and shake off extra. Set on a plate and mist lightly with cooking spray.
Spray basket of the air fryer with cooking spray. Place salmon nuggets inside, working in batches to avoid overcrowding, if necessary.
Cook in the preheated air fryer for 3 minutes. Gently turn salmon pieces, spray lightly with oil, and cook until salmon is cooked throughout, 3 to 4 more minutes.  Place on a serving platter and drizzle with warm chipotle-maple syrup. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
France C
Description: 
Crispy on the outside, moist and tender on the inside, these salmon nuggets are finished off with a sweet chipotle-maple drizzle. These make a great appetizer and are also tasty served over greens. Try and find center-cut salmon filets that are at least 1-inch thick. I usually buy extra salmon, and trim off the thinner outer edges, saving for another use. I like to use a Misto® sprayer with my own oil, but feel free to use regular cooking spray.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Seafood

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
364 calories
16.4
g fat
27.2
g carbohydrates
25.8
g protein
115
mg cholesterol
353
mg sodium.
