URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277032/salted-caramel-tiramisu/
Title:
Salted Caramel Tiramisu Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups brewed espresso, at room temperature
4 tablespoons brandy-based orange liqueur (such as Grand Marnier®), divided
4 tablespoons white sugar, divided
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
3 egg yolks
1 cup mascarpone cheese
1 cup heavy whipping cream
1 (3 ounce) package savoiardi biscuits (ladyfingers)
2 tablespoons grated bittersweet chocolate, or to taste
2 tablespoons cocoa powder, divided, or as needed
Salted Caramel Sauce:
1 cup white sugar
1/4 cup cold water
1/2 cup heavy cream
2 tablespoons unsalted butter
1 teaspoon kosher salt, or to taste

Directions:
Combine brewed espresso, 2 tablespoons liqueur, 1 tablespoon sugar, and vanilla extract in a wide bowl. Set aside.
Set a bowl over a saucepan of barely simmering water. Add remaining liqueur, 3 tablespoons sugar, and egg yolks to the bowl. Beat using an electric mixer on medium speed until tripled in volume, 5 to 8 minutes. Remove from heat and beat in mascarpone cheese until just combined. Let cool, 5 to 10 minutes.
Whip cream in a bowl using an electric mixer until it holds stiff peaks, 3 to 4 minutes. Fold 1/2 of the whipped cream into the cooled mascarpone mixture. Fold in remaining cream until fully incorporated; whipped cream will deflate a little.
Dip 1/2 of the ladyfingers very quickly into the espresso mixture. Line the bottom of a 9-inch square dish with cookies, breaking a few to fit as needed. Spoon 1/2 of the mascarpone filling over and spread into an even layer. Top with grated chocolate.
Dip remaining ladyfingers quickly into espresso and arrange a second layer over filling. Spoon remaining mascarpone mixture over, and dust with 1 tablespoon cocoa powder. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 6 hours.
Remove tiramisu from the refrigerator and leave at room temperature for 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, stir sugar and cold water together in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Cook, without stirring, until sugar has turned a deep amber hue, 10 to 12 minutes.
Warm cream in a small saucepan over medium-low heat, 3 to 4 minutes. Whisk cream slowly into the caramel and let simmer over medium-low heat until smooth, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat. Whisk in butter, followed by salt.
Dust tiramisu with remaining cocoa powder and serve with warm caramel sauce.

Submitter: 
Chef and a Baker
Description: 
These ladyfingers are soaked with espresso and layered with a light, airy cream filling of mascarpone cheese and Grand Marnier® brandy. A salted caramel sauce rounds this dessert out, elevating it to not just another run-of-the-mill tiramisu. Tiramisu can be chilled up to 2 days, but no longer or else the ladyfingers will break down and become mushy.
Categories:
Desserts
Specialty Desserts
Tiramisu

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
6 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
530 calories
36.5
g fat
45
g carbohydrates
5.6
g protein
204
mg cholesterol
58
mg sodium.
