URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277129/four-cheese-chicken-carbonara/
Title:
Four-Cheese Chicken Carbonara Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 (16 ounce) package thick-cut bacon
1 (16 ounce) package penne pasta
1/3 cup olive oil
1/4 cup butter
3 tablespoons minced garlic
3 teaspoons ground black pepper, divided
3 skinless, boneless chicken breasts, sliced
2 cups heavy whipping cream
1 cup grated Parmesan-Romano cheese blend
1 cup shredded Colby Jack cheese blend
3 eggs, beaten

Directions:
Place bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain bacon slices on paper towels. Chop into small pieces when cool enough to handle.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add penne and olive oil and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 8 minutes.
While pasta is cooking, melt butter in a large, deep skillet over low heat. Add chopped bacon, garlic, and 1 teaspoon pepper; saute until fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Increase heat to medium, add chicken, and cook until chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 5 to 7 minutes.
Add whipping cream, Parmesan-Romano cheese, and remaining 2 teaspoons pepper to the skillet. Stir and cook until heated through, about 3 minutes. Add Colby Jack cheese and stir until melted. Stir in beaten eggs and bring to a simmer. Add drained pasta, stir until coated with sauce, and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Marc
Description: 
This is a recipe I came up with when I had to either cook up a 3-pound package of lean thick-cut bacon or throw it out (which was NOT going to happen). I happened to have everything else on hand anyway. I've already had friends try this, and they loved it. I hope you do, too!
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Sauces
Pasta Sauces
Creamy

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
808 calories
56
g fat
44.2
g carbohydrates
34.2
g protein
235
mg cholesterol
736
mg sodium.
