URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277120/creamy-pasta-primavera-with-chicken-and-sausage/
Title:
Creamy Pasta Primavera with Chicken and Sausage Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4535560.jpg
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons butter, or as needed
1 skinless, boneless chicken breast, chopped
1/2 pound bratwurst sausage, cut into chunks
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 small head broccoli, chopped
1 zucchini, halved and sliced
1 yellow squash, halved and sliced
1 red bell pepper, chopped
1 pound dry fettuccine pasta
1 (24 ounce) jar garlic and herb pasta sauce (such as Hunts®)
14 1/2 ounces homestyle Alfredo sauce (such as Prego®)
1 tablespoon minced garlic

Directions:
Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add butter to melt. Season chicken and sausage with basil and oregano. Cook in the hot butter until sausage is browned and chicken is no longer pink and juices run clear, 7 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a plate.
Add broccoli, zucchini, squash, and bell pepper to the pan with more butter, if needed. Cook vegetable mixture until tender, 5 to 7 minutes, or to desired doneness.
Meanwhile, fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil. Cook fettuccine at a boil until tender yet firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Drain and keep warm.
Pour pasta sauce and Alfredo sauce into the vegetable mixture and add garlic. Reduce heat to low, cover, and let simmer for 7 minutes. Add cooked meat and continue to simmer, about 3 minutes more. Add pasta and mix well. Cover and remove from heat. Serve.

Submitter: 
Caleb Johnson
Description: 
An amazing mix of fresh summer veggies, hearty meat, and a princess sauce makes this chicken pasta primavera dish one to remember for generations! This pairs well with a fresh salad, warm bread and olive oil for dipping, and a fresh fruit mix of strawberries, blueberries, raspberries, and pineapple.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Pork
Sausage

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
594 calories
31
g fat
61.9
g carbohydrates
19.6
g protein
59
mg cholesterol
1162
mg sodium.
