URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277205/rustic-cranberry-apple-tart/
Title:
Rustic Cranberry-Apple Tart Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/2293446.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (9 inch) pie crust
2 cups chopped walnuts
1/2 cup dark brown sugar
2 eggs, divided
1/4 cup butter, softened
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 (20 ounce) can apple pie filling
1/2 cup dried cranberries
1 tablespoon water
1 tablespoon Demerara sugar, or as needed

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 415 degrees F (210 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Arrange pie crust on the prepared baking sheet. Mix walnuts, brown sugar, 1 egg, butter, and vanilla extract together in a bowl. Spread the walnut filling over the pie crust, leaving a 1-inch border. Reserve 2 tablespoons of the filling in the bowl.
Arrange apple slices in a circular pattern over the filling. Sprinkle cranberries over the apples. Drop small amounts of the reserved walnut filling here and there over the apples. Fold crust over the filling, overlapping as necessary to form a rustic circle.
Beat remaining egg and water together to make egg wash. Brush edges of crust with the egg wash. Sprinkle Demerara sugar on top.
Bake in the preheated oven until the crust is browned and apples are bubbling, about 30 minutes. Place baking sheet on a cooling rack for 30 minutes. Lift up tart using the parchment paper and place directly on a cooling rack for 1 hour.
Run a large knife or angled cake spatula under the tart to release the parchment paper and transfer to a serving tray.

Submitter: 
Cindy Velt
Description: 
This is a fast, delicious, beautiful tart I made to use leftover nut roll filling. So easy you can whip it up for a quick dessert and so impressive you'll be proud to serve it for guests, too. Take it over the top with jarred caramel sauce, heated and drizzled over a scoop of good vanilla bean ice cream--outstanding!
Categories:
Desserts
Pies
Tarts
Fruit Tarts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
2 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
507 calories
33.5
g fat
49.6
g carbohydrates
7.4
g protein
56
mg cholesterol
208
mg sodium.
