URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277219/pumpkin-gnocchi-in-sage-sauce/
Title:
Pumpkin Gnocchi in Sage Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7271481.jpg
Ingredients:
Gnocchi:
1 large russet potato
1 cup pumpkin puree
2 cups all-purpose flour, or as needed
1 egg, whisked
2 teaspoons salt, divided
1 tablespoon oil, or as needed
4 tablespoons salted butter
Sauce:
2 tablespoons salted butter
1 clove minced garlic
5 leaves fresh sage, chopped
1 tablespoon heavy cream
1 tablespoon all-purpose flour, or more as needed

Directions:
Prick holes in potato with a fork and place in a microwave-safe dish. Microwave on high for 6 minutes.
Remove potato from microwave and set aside until cool enough to handle. Peel off and discard skin. Grate potato with a cheese grater. Measure grated potato (you should have approximately 2 cups) and place into a large bowl. Mix in pumpkin puree. Add flour (an amount equal to the grated potato), whisked egg, and 1 teaspoon salt; mix until dough just comes together in a smooth, but not too sticky, ball.
Roll dough on a lightly floured work surface into a rope. Flatten the rope slightly and cut into squares that are just under 1 inch. Dip a fork into oil, press lightly onto a square of dough, and roll the fork to create a gnocchi shape. Repeat to shape remaining gnocchi.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add remaining 1 teaspoon salt. Working in batches, drop gnocchi into boiling water in a single layer, and cook until they float to the top, 2 to 4 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon to a plate and repeat with remaining gnocchi. Reserve 1/2 cup of the cooking water.
Melt 4 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Working in batches, add gnocchi in single layers to the skillet and fry undisturbed until crispy on one side, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove to a plate and repeat with remaining gnocchi.
Melt 2 tablespoons butter for the sauce in the same skillet over low heat. Add garlic and sage; cook until fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Whisk in heavy cream and flour; stir until the mixture becomes paste-like and light golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Gradually whisk 2 tablespoons of the reserved cooking water into the flour mixture. Continue to whisk in cooking water, 2 tablespoons at a time, until sauce is desired consistency. Add gnocchi to the skillet and toss to coat with sauce. Transfer to a serving bowl or serve straight out of the skillet.

Submitter: 
Anna Jean Lohse
Description: 
A simple recipe for homemade gnocchi. Perfect for the pumpkin-everything time of year! An extra hand in the kitchen can greatly reduce the prep time. Top with Parmesan cheese and prepare to eat way too much!
Categories:
Fruits and Vegetables
Vegetables
Squash

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
542 calories
24.1
g fat
71.4
g carbohydrates
11
g protein
92
mg cholesterol
1456
mg sodium.
