URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277370/mexican-chicken-tortilla-soup/
Title:
Mexican Chicken Tortilla Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/4616475.jpg
Ingredients:
3 dried guajillo chiles, stemmed and seeded
1 dried ancho chile, stemmed and seeded
1 pinch salt
1 1/2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs, or more to taste
3 cloves garlic, smashed
1 (14 ounce) can no-salt-added diced tomatoes, drained
3 tablespoons oil, divided
1 white onion, chopped
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon ground paprika
1 (12 ounce) package fire-roasted frozen corn
3 teaspoons chicken bouillon
1/4 cup chicken broth, or as needed (optional)
1/2 cup crispy tortilla strips (optional)

Directions:
Place guajillo chile peppers, ancho chile pepper, and a pinch of salt in a small saucepan. Cover with water and bring to a boil. Cook over medium-low heat until peppers have softened, about 10 minutes. Turn off heat, drain peppers, and set aside to cool.
Combine chicken, garlic, and a generous pinch of salt in a large saucepan. Cover with water and bring to a boil. Cook over medium-high heat until meat is tender and can be easily pulled apart with a fork, about 10 minutes. Transfer chicken to a plate and shred with 2 forks when cool enough to handle. Strain broth into a bowl and set aside to use in the soup.
Combine diced tomatoes and cooled chile peppers in a blender; blend until smooth.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a cast iron soup pot over medium heat; stir in onion. Cook and stir until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes. Add oregano and paprika; saute until onion starts to brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Make a well in the center of the onions and add remaining 2 tablespoons oil. Add pureed tomato-chile pepper mixture to the hot oil; it should sizzle. Stir sauce to combine with onions and cook until heated through, about 3 minutes.
Add shredded chicken to the pot and stir until completely coated in sauce; simmer for 3 minutes. Stir in reserved chicken broth, corn, and chicken bouillon until combined and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer until flavors have blended, about 10 minutes, adding additional chicken broth if soup is too thick.
Ladle soup into bowls and top with tortilla strips.

Submitter: 
Chef Dra
Description: 
Topped with crispy tortilla strips, this Mexican chicken soup provides a healthy dose of heat with guajillo and ancho chile peppers and fire-roasted corn. Top with sour cream, lime juice, chopped fresh cilantro, and shredded Monterey Jack cheese, if desired.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Tortilla Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
305 calories
16.3
g fat
18.3
g carbohydrates
22.3
g protein
70
mg cholesterol
442
mg sodium.
