URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277315/keto-air-fryer-salmon-cakes-with-sriracha-mayo/
Title:
Keto Air Fryer Salmon Cakes with Sriracha Mayo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7304012.jpg
Ingredients:
Sriracha Mayo:
1/4 cup mayonnaise
1 tablespoon Sriracha
Salmon Cakes:
1 pound skinless salmon fillets, cut into 1-inch pieces
1/3 cup almond flour
1 egg, lightly beaten
1 1/2 teaspoons seafood seasoning (such as Old Bay®)
1 green onion, coarsely chopped
cooking spray
1 pinch seafood seasoning (such as Old Bay®) (optional)

Directions:
Whisk together mayonnaise and Sriracha in a small bowl. Place 1 tablespoon Sriracha mayo in the bowl of a food processor and refrigerate the rest until ready to use.
Add salmon, almond flour, egg, 1 1/2 teaspoons seafood seasoning, and green onion to the Sriracha mayo; pulse quickly for 4 to 5 seconds until ingredients are just combined, but small chunks of salmon remain. (Do not overprocess as the mixture will become mushy.)
Line a plate with waxed paper and spray hands with cooking spray. Form the salmon mixture into 8 small patties; transfer to a plate. Place in the refrigerator until chilled and firm, about 15 minutes.
Preheat the air fryer to 390 degrees F (200 degrees C). Spray the air fryer basket with cooking spray.
Remove salmon cakes from refrigerator. Mist both sides with cooking spray and gently place in the air fryer basket, working in batches if necessary to avoid overcrowding.
Cook in the preheated air fryer for 6 to 8 minutes. Place on a serving platter and serve with remaining Sriracha mayo and a light sprinkling of Old Bay seasoning, if desired.

Submitter: 
France C
Description: 
Salmon cakes can certainly be keto-friendly if you just tweak a few ingredients. They make a great dinner or you can serve atop a salad for a delicious lunch. The mixture can get a little sticky, so I spray my hands with cooking spray when handling, and I use a small silicone spatula to help get them off the plate and into the fryer.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Seafood
Fish Cakes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
340 calories
24.7
g fat
3.6
g carbohydrates
25.5
g protein
107
mg cholesterol
513
mg sodium.
