URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277326/vegan-seitan-roast/
Title:
Vegan Seitan Roast Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Filling:
1/4 cup olive oil
1/2 pound mushrooms, finely chopped
1 1/2 large onions, finely chopped
2 cloves garlic
3/4 cup pinto beans, rinsed and drained
3 tablespoons soy sauce
1/2 teaspoon white truffle oil
salt and ground black pepper to taste
Seitan:
2 cups vital wheat gluten
1 cup nutritional yeast
1 tablespoon garlic powder
1/2 tablespoon onion powder
1 teaspoon lemon pepper seasoning
1 cup cold water
1/2 cup red wine
1 tablespoon molasses
1/4 teaspoon liquid smoke flavoring
2 tablespoons olive oil, or as needed

Directions:
Heat 1/4 cup olive oil in a pan over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms, onions, and garlic; saute until browned, about 10 minutes. Add pinto beans, soy sauce, truffle oil, salt, and pepper; mix well.
Transfer mixture to the bowl of a food processor and process until smooth; the filling should be paste-like. Set aside to cool while you make the seitan.
Combine wheat gluten, yeast, garlic powder, onion powder, and lemon pepper in a medium mixing bowl.
Mix cold water and wine together in a separate bowl. Stir in molasses and liquid smoke until dissolved. Add liquid mixture to wheat gluten mixture and stir to a dough-like consistency.
Separate dough into 2 rolls and knead each until dough feels similar to pizza dough, 3 to 4 minutes. Stretch each portion into an 8x10-inch oblong shape, being careful not to create holes in the dough.
Spread cooled filling equally onto each piece of dough and roll up tightly, like a jelly roll. Wrap each roll with aluminum foil and twist ends closed tightly.
Place a steamer insert into a large saucepan and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer. Bring to a boil. Add foil-wrapped seitan rolls, cover, and steam for 1 hour.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Unwrap steamed seitan rolls and place in a roasting pan. Baste with olive oil.
Bake in the preheated oven until browned, about 20 minutes.

Submitter: 
Pat
Description: 
This is a veganized version of the Holiday Seitan Roast found on this website.
Categories:
Everyday Cooking
Vegan

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 55 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
456 calories
15.4
g fat
36.6
g carbohydrates
39.9
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
656
mg sodium.
