URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277353/sauerbraten-with-sour-cream-gravy-wienerwald-style/
Title:
Sauerbraten with Sour Cream Gravy, Wienerwald-Style Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
4 cups water, divided
4 cups red wine vinegar, divided
1/4 cup salt
2 cinnamon sticks
2 tablespoons whole black peppercorns
2 tablespoons white mustard seeds
2 tablespoons diced crystallized ginger
1 tablespoon whole allspice berries
1 tablespoon whole cloves
2 cups light brown sugar
6 pounds beef top round roast
1 cup Marsala wine
2 cups full-fat sour cream

Directions:
Heat 2 cups water and 2 cups vinegar in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add salt, cinnamon sticks, peppercorns, mustard seeds, ginger, allspice, and cloves. Bring to a simmer; immediately remove from heat. Stir in brown sugar until dissolved. Add Marsala wine. Let mixture steep until pan is cool enough to touch, at least 20 minutes.
Place beef top round in a 1 1/2-quart resealable zip-top bag. Pour liquid around the beef. Pour in remaining water and vinegar and seal bag, removing as much air as possible. Place bag in a leak-proof container and refrigerate for 4 days, turning once a day.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Remove meat from bag and transfer into a roasting pan; reserve the marinade.
Strain spices out of the marinade and discard. Pour 1/2 of the liquid into the pan with the meat and reserve the rest, about 4 cups, in a saucepan.
Bake in the preheated oven until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part reads 165 degrees F (74 degrees C), about 1 1/2 hours. Transfer to a platter and let rest.
Bring the 4 cups of remaining marinade to a simmer. Stir in sour cream and cook until thickened to your preference, 6 to 10 minutes. Slice beef against the grain and spoon the gravy on top.

Submitter: 
Minnesota Chef
Description: 
Long ago, when I was a young soldier stationed in Germany, I took my equally young wife to dinner at a little restaurant called Wienerwald, in Frankfurt am Main. I remember ordering a plate of sauerbraten, and I was amazed at how good it was. This recipe is my attempt to recreate that wonderful dish from long ago. Serve with riced potatoes, pickled red cabbage, sauerkraut, or spaetzle, and a hearty German beer, Riesling, or Gewurztraminer wine.
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
German

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
4 d 2 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
calories
fat
carbohydrates
protein
cholesterol
sodium.
