URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277340/cranberry-upside-down-cake-with-chocolate-chips/
Title:
Cranberry Upside-Down Cake with Chocolate Chips Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
5 tablespoons butter
1 cup white sugar, divided
1/3 cup brown sugar
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
2 cups fresh cranberries
1 1/2 cups unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup butter, softened
2 eggs
1 tablespoon grated orange zest
1 teaspoon pure orange extract
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 cup buttermilk
1/4 cup mini chocolate chips

Directions:
Position an oven rack in the center and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a nonstick 9-inch round cake pan.
Place butter in a saucepan over medium-high heat; stir until melted. Add 1/3 cup white sugar, brown sugar, and cinnamon. Increase heat slightly and stir mixture until it comes to a gentle boil. Cook for 30 seconds, remove from heat, and immediately scrape mixture into the prepared cake pan. (Be careful as mixture will be very hot.) Tilt the cake pan to evenly coat the bottom. Sprinkle cranberries evenly on top of the sugar mixture; set aside.
Whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl.
Beat butter in a large bowl with an electric mixer on medium speed until fluffy. Gradually beat in remaining 2/3 cup sugar. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Mix in orange zest, orange extract, and vanilla extract. Blend in buttermilk. Gradually add flour mixture, beating briefly until smooth. Fold in chocolate chips. Drop heaping spoonfuls of the batter randomly over cranberries in the cake pan, then smooth the batter with the back of a spoon until even.
Bake in the preheated oven until cake is golden brown, springy to the touch, and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 40 to 45 minutes. Cool on a wire rack for 15 minutes. Run a table knife around the edges to loosen. Invert carefully onto a large, flat serving plate. Cool for at least 20 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Shae's Mama
Description: 
I like to serve this cranberry upside-down cake for dessert after Christmas dinner, but it would also be wonderful for Thanksgiving or even a holiday party. There is a nice hint of orange to it. Serve with homemade whipped cream for a real treat!
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Cranberry Desserts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
445 calories
21.8
g fat
59.6
g carbohydrates
4.9
g protein
91
mg cholesterol
363
mg sodium.
