URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277325/japanese-souffle-pancakes/
Title:
Japanese Souffle Pancakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7308088.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup milk
1 tablespoon white vinegar
1 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 cup white sugar
2 teaspoons baking powder
2 large eggs, separated
1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 tablespoon Japanese mayonnaise (such as Kewpie®)
1 tablespoon butter

Directions:
Combine milk and vinegar in a large bowl. Allow to sit until milk has soured, about 5 minutes.
Meanwhile, sift together flour, sugar, and baking powder in a separate bowl; set aside.
Beat egg whites in a glass, metal, or ceramic bowl with an electric mixer until stiff peaks form.
Add egg yolks and vanilla extract to the soured milk; mix until well combined and pour into the center of the flour mixture. Use a whisk to combine all ingredients. Add mayonnaise and stir until there are no lumps. Fold in egg whites.
Heat a griddle on the stovetop over medium-low heat and melt butter. Grease round pancake molds and place onto the buttered griddle. Fill each mold halfway with batter. Cook until pancakes are golden brown on the bottom and not too liquid across the top, 4 to 6 minutes. Flip each pancake and mold together. Cook until the other sides are golden and pancakes have doubled in thickness, 4 to 6 more minutes. Slide the molds off the pancakes.

Submitter: 
Diana71
Description: 
These fluffy and extra-thick Japanese pancakes are mouthwatering! They are soft and spongy, and a true indulgence. The super secret ingredient is the mayonnaise. It's just emulsified oil and vinegar, and I promise it will make your pancakes thicker and fluffier; it gives it just the right lift. I use Kewpie® mayo, but you can try with any regular mayo. Please let me know what you think!
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Pancakes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
281 calories
9.6
g fat
40.2
g carbohydrates
8.4
g protein
107
mg cholesterol
345
mg sodium.
