URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277304/ground-beef-empanadas/
Title:
Ground Beef Empanadas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
vegetable oil for frying
2 tablespoons olive oil
1/2 sweet onion, finely chopped
5 cloves garlic, minced
3 tablespoons sofrito
1 pound ground beef
1 (1.41 ounce) package sazon seasoning with achiote
1 tablespoon Italian seasoning
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/4 teaspoon ground cumin
8 Spanish olives without pimento, chopped
1/2 teaspoon adobo seasoning, or more to taste
20 frozen empanada discs, thawed

Directions:
Heat vegetable oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Heat olive oil in a pan over medium-high heat. Saute onion, garlic, and sofrito in the hot oil for about 2 minutes. Add ground beef, sazon, Italian seasoning, black pepper, and cumin; cook and stir until beef is browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Add olives and sprinkle with adobo to taste. Remove from heat.
Place empanada discs on a flat surface that has been lightly dusted with flour. Roll the sides of the discs out slightly. Place 1 1/2 tablespoons of the meat filling into the center of each disc. Wet the edges of the discs with water and fold each into a half-moon shape. Pinch the sides of the empanadas closed using a fork.
Deep-fry empanadas in the hot oil until golden brown, working in batches if needed, about 4 minutes on each side. Drain on paper towels.

Submitter: 
Praha3
Description: 
These ground beef empanadas are always a hit at potlucks and picnics, even when lukewarm. Many of the specialty ingredients (sofrito, adobo, sazon, frozen empanada discs) can be bought in regular grocery stores, or you can make the sofrito or empanada dough yourself.
Categories:
Main Dish
Savory Pies
Beef Pie

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
214 calories
11.7
g fat
21.1
g carbohydrates
7.2
g protein
14
mg cholesterol
563
mg sodium.
