URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277360/air-fryer-root-vegetables-with-vegan-aioli/
Title:
Air Fryer Root Vegetables with Vegan Aioli Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7309090.jpg
Ingredients:
Garlic Aioli:
1/2 cup vegan mayonnaise (such as Vegenaise®)
1 clove garlic, minced
1/2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice
salt and ground black pepper to taste
Root Vegetables:
4 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
1 tablespoon minced fresh rosemary
3 cloves garlic, finely minced
1 teaspoon kosher salt, or to taste
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper, or to taste
1 pound parsnips, peeled and cut vertically into uniform pieces
1 pound baby red potatoes, cut lengthwise into 4 or 6 pieces
1/2 pound baby carrots, split lengthwise
1/2 red onion, cut lengthwise into 1/2-inch slices
1/2 teaspoon grated lemon zest, or to taste (optional)

Directions:
Combine mayonnaise, garlic, lemon juice, salt, and pepper in a small bowl for the garlic aioli; place in the refrigerator until ready to serve.
Preheat the air fryer to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C) if your air fryer manufacturer recommends preheating.
Combine olive oil, rosemary, garlic, salt, and pepper in a small bowl; set aside to allow the flavors to mingle. Combine parsnips, potatoes, carrots, and onion in a large bowl. Add olive oil-rosemary mixture and stir until vegetables are evenly coated. Place a portion of vegetables in a single layer in the basket of the air fryer, then add a rack and another layer of vegetables.
Air fry for 15 minutes.
When the timer sounds, you may plate the veggies and keep warm, or continue cooking in 5 minute intervals until the vegetables reach desired doneness and browning.
Place remaining vegetables in the bottom of the air fryer basket and air fry for 15 minutes, checking for doneness, as needed. Use the rack again, if you have more vegetables than fit in a single layer. When all the vegetables have cooked, serve with garlic aioli and garnish with lemon zest.

Submitter: 
Bibi
Description: 
Parsnips, carrots, baby red potatoes, and red onion combine with garlic and rosemary to make this delicious dish for your meal.  If you don't have fresh rosemary, use another fresh herb to your liking. Try them with the garlic aioli--I think you will like it!
Categories:
Side Dish
Vegetables
Carrots

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
228 calories
13.8
g fat
25.5
g carbohydrates
2.2
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
98
mg sodium.
