URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277314/instant-pot-chicken-and-wild-rice-bowls/
Title:
Instant Pot® Chicken and Wild Rice Bowls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7288492.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 (8 ounce) package sliced fresh mushrooms
1/2 cup diced onion
3 cloves garlic, minced
2 cups low-sodium chicken broth
1 small firm apple, cored and chopped
1 1/2 cups uncooked wild and brown rice blend (such as Lundberg Wild Blend®)
1/2 cup sweetened dried cranberries (such as Craisins®)
1 teaspoon ground thyme
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 1/4 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley

Directions:
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) and select Saute function. Heat olive oil in the pot until hot and add mushrooms and onion. Cook and stir for about 3 minutes. Stir in garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Turn the pressure cooker off.
Pour chicken broth into the pot and stir in apple, rice, cranberries, thyme, salt, and pepper. Place chicken thighs on top of the rice mixture, but do not stir. Close and lock the lid; set the pressure valve to Sealing. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 30 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions for 15 minutes. Release remaining pressure carefully using the quick-release method. Unlock and remove the lid.
Transfer chicken thighs to a cutting board and cut or shred into bite-sized pieces. Return to the pot and stir. Garnish with parsley and serve in bowls.

Submitter: 
lutzflcat
Description: 
This one-pot meal is warm and comforting with nice texture and contrast between the firm wild rice and the softer brown rice. It's savory, yet expect a little kick of sweetness to sneak in with the apples and cranberries.
Categories:
Main Dish
Bowls

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
385 calories
12.8
g fat
44.2
g carbohydrates
24.3
g protein
60
mg cholesterol
123
mg sodium.
