URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277369/fast-upside-down-turkey/
Title:
Fast Upside-Down Turkey Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7326384.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (16 pound) whole turkey, thawed
4 tablespoons kosher salt
1 loaf French bread
4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened
2 sprigs fresh sage, or to taste
2 sprigs fresh rosemary, or to taste
2 sprigs fresh thyme, or to taste

Directions:
Place turkey in a large pan, bowl, or tub. Remove the neck and innards and save to make a gravy, if desired. Season the inside of the turkey with 1 1/2 tablespoons salt, and then the outside with the rest, until the entire surface of the bird has a thin coating of salt crystals. Transfer to the refrigerator, uncovered, and let brine for 12 to 24 hours.
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Set a large foil roasting pan over a sheet pan.
Cut the bread loaf lengthwise into two halves. Butter generously and place buttered-side up into the prepared roasting pan, pushing bread halves together so they are touching.
Remove turkey from the fridge and stuff sage, rosemary, and thyme into the cavity. Tie the legs together with kitchen string and place breast-side down on top of the bread, making sure turkey is as steady and straight-up as possible. Tuck wing tips up and over the drumette.
Roast in the preheated oven until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh registers 165 degrees F (74 degrees C), about 2 hours. Let turkey rest for at least 15 to 20 minutes before carving.
In the meantime, cut bread into cubes and transfer onto a serving plate; keep warm as needed. Spoon juices onto the turkey, place it on top of the bread, and carve.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
Here I've tested out not one, but two new things – cooking a turkey at a very high heat, as well as cooking it upside-down, which I've heard for decades is the way to go if you want moist, juicy meat. Whether you're looking to cook your turkey in half the time, or just want to see some raised eyebrows when you bring it to the table, I really do hope you give this a try soon!
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Turkey
Whole

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
14 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
633 calories
28.2
g fat
13.5
g carbohydrates
76.4
g protein
221
mg cholesterol
1478
mg sodium.
