URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277495/authentic-chicken-empanadas-empanadas-de-pollo/
Title:
Authentic Chicken Empanadas (Empanadas de Pollo) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Dough:
3 cups all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup warm water
1/4 cup vegetable oil
Filling:
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 pound shredded, cooked chicken
1/2 medium onion, diced
1/2 green bell pepper, diced
1/8 cup chopped fresh cilantro
1/8 cup sliced green olives
3 cloves garlic, crushed
1 (1.41 ounce) package sazon seasoning with annato (such as Goya®)
1 tablespoon tomato paste
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 cup vegetable oil for frying

Directions:
Mix flour, salt, baking powder, and baking soda together in a large bowl. Add water and 1/4 cup vegetable oil; mix with an electric mixer until well combined and a dough begins to form, about 3 minutes. Remove dough and knead on a lightly floured surface for about 3 minutes. Wrap in plastic wrap and set aside for 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add shredded chicken and saute until heated through, about 2 minutes. Add onion, bell pepper, cilantro, olives, garlic, sazon seasoning, tomato paste, salt, and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until vegetables have softened, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool.
Divide empanada dough into 12 pieces and form each one into a 4-inch circle. Place about 2 tablespoons filling in the center of each circle, fold in half, and press down on the edges with a fork to seal.
Heat 1 cup oil in a frying pan over medium heat. Add empanadas, working in batches, and fry until golden brown, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate.

Submitter: 
NatalieC
Description: 
My husband and I returned recently from a wonderful trip to Puerto Rico. While there we fell in love with empanadas de pollo (chicken pies), that we found at roadside stands along Route 3. Here is a version we came up with once we returned--delicious!
Categories:
World Cuisine
Latin American
Caribbean

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
280 calories
14
g fat
25.1
g carbohydrates
12.8
g protein
30
mg cholesterol
860
mg sodium.
