URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277406/instant-pot-clam-chowder/
Title:
Instant Pot® Clam Chowder Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7313007.jpg
Ingredients:
3 (5 ounce) cans baby clams
6 thick slices bacon, cut lengthwise first, then into 1-inch pieces
1/2 cup diced onion
1/2 cup diced celery
2 cloves garlic, minced
2 cups diced russet potatoes
1/2 cup shredded carrots, loosely packed
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
2 sprigs thyme
1 cup half-and-half

Directions:
Drain clams into a colander set over a measuring cup. Reserve clam juice (there should be just over 2 cups liquid).
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) and select Saute function. Cook bacon until fat has rendered and bacon is crispy, about 5 minutes. Remove bacon to a paper-towel-lined plate; set aside.
Remove and discard all but 1 tablespoon of bacon grease. Cook onion and celery in the bacon grease until onion is soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute.
Pour 1/4 cup clam juice into the pan and bring to a boil while scraping the browned bits of food off the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Mix in potatoes, carrots, pepper, thyme, and remaining clam juice. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 4 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Release remaining pressure carefully using the quick-release method, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid.
Remove 3/4 cup of the potatoes and mash with a fork. Return the mashed potatoes to the pot and stir. Turn on Saute mode. Add clams and half-and-half to the pot and cook until heated through but not boiling. Ladle into bowls and top with bacon.

Submitter: 
Bren
Description: 
New England-style clam chowder is easy to make and is wonderful on those cold, chilly days. Serve with lots of crusty bread to soak up the last dredges in the bowl. I've chosen not to add any additional salt as the sodium content varies considerably between brands of clams. Taste and add salt at the end, if necessary.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Chowders
Clam Chowder

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
278 calories
11.4
g fat
17.7
g carbohydrates
25.4
g protein
76
mg cholesterol
404
mg sodium.
