URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277460/steak-and-mushroom-tortellini-alfredo/
Title:
Steak and Mushroom Tortellini Alfredo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7349627.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1 tablespoon Montreal steak seasoning (such as McCormick®)
2 (8 ounce) filet mignon steaks, cut into strips
1 tablespoon butter
1/2 cup quartered fresh cremini mushrooms
1 (20 ounce) package refrigerated cheese tortellini
Alfredo Sauce:
2 tablespoons unsalted butter
5 fluid ounces heavy cream
2 cups freshly grated Parmesan cheese
1 pinch freshly grated nutmeg, or to taste

Directions:
Whisk together olive oil, soy sauce, and steak seasoning in a small, shallow dish. Add steak strips and marinate for 30 minutes.
Heat a heavy cast iron skillet over medium-high heat. Add butter. Cook steak strips in the melted butter, until browned, about 2 minutes per side. Add mushrooms and cook until softened, about 5 minutes.
Meanwhile, fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil; stir in tortellini and return to a boil. Cook uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the tortellini float to the top and the filling is hot, about 3 minutes.
Melt butter for Alfredo sauce in a saucepan over medium heat. Stir with a wooden spoon and add heavy cream. Stir until combined. Add Parmesan cheese to the cream mixture in the saucepan and stir until blended. Season with nutmeg.
Drain tortellini, return to the pot, and toss with Alfredo sauce to coat. Serve tortellini topped with steak and mushrooms.

Submitter: 
thedailygourmet
Description: 
This tortellini dish adds in cremini mushrooms and tender filet mignon strips.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Sauces
Pasta Sauces
Creamy
Alfredo Sauce

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
431 calories
26.5
g fat
27.6
g carbohydrates
21.2
g protein
91
mg cholesterol
852
mg sodium.
