URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277496/buffalo-chicken-empanadas/
Title:
Buffalo Chicken Empanadas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
Filling:
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast, cut into strips
1 cup Buffalo wing sauce (such as Frank's RedHot®)
1/2 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, cubed and softened
2 stalks celery, diced
Empanada Dough:
2 cups all-purpose flour
3/4 cup fine cornmeal
2 teaspoons white sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoons vegetable shortening
3/4 cup water
2 large egg yolks
oil for frying

Directions:
Cook chicken and Buffalo sauce in a slow cooker on Low for 5 hours. Remove chicken and shred with 2 forks. Place in a bowl with cream cheese; stir until cheese cubes have melted and mixture is thick and smooth. Stir in celery and set filling aside.
Combine flour, cornmeal, sugar, and salt in the bowl of a food processor; pulse until blended. Add shortening and process until combined, about 5 seconds. Add water and egg yolks; process until dough is very soft, about 5 minutes. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and knead dough until smooth. Cover and let rest for 30 minutes.
Divide dough into 24 pieces. Roll each piece into a ball and flatten into a 1/4-inch thick circle. Fill each circle with 1 to 2 tablespoons of chicken filling, fold in half, and press the edges together to firmly seal.
Heat 2 inches of oil in a saucepan over medium-high heat to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Place 4 to 5 empanadas into the hot oil and deep fry, flipping as necessary for even cooking, until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Remove to a paper towel-lined plate and repeat with remaining empanadas.

Submitter: 
Natalie Perry
Description: 
These Buffalo chicken empanadas are a great appetizer for football games or entertaining! Serve with your dip of choice--sour cream, guacamole, ranch, or blue cheese all work great. Enjoy!
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Pastries

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
6 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
152 calories
8.2
g fat
13.6
g carbohydrates
6
g protein
32
mg cholesterol
351
mg sodium.
