URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277423/fried-rice-with-bacon-and-vegetables/
Title:
Fried Rice with Bacon and Vegetables Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 pound flank steak
1 1/2 teaspoons garlic salt, divided, or to taste
1 tablespoon chopped onion
1/2 cup soy sauce, divided
1/8 cup white vinegar
4 cups water
2 cups uncooked white rice
1/2 slice onion, diced
2 slices bacon, or more to taste
1/2 cup diced celery
1/2 cup finely chopped carrot
1/4 cup diced green bell pepper
2 eggs
1 teaspoon all-purpose seasoning mix, or to taste
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder, or to taste
1/2 cup peas

Directions:
Season beef with 1/2 teaspoon garlic salt and 1 tablespoon onion. Marinate in 1/4 cup soy sauce and vinegar for 3 hours.
Meanwhile, bring water and rice to a boil in a saucepan. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until rice is tender and water has been absorbed, 20 to 25 minutes.
Heat a frying pan over medium-high heat. Cook beef in the pan until browned and no longer pink, 5 to 7 minutes. Cut into bite-sized portions.
Place bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain bacon slices on paper towels. Save bacon grease in the pan. Chop the bacon.
Saute onion in the reserved bacon grease for 1 minute before adding celery, carrot, and bell pepper. Cook and stir until softened, 5 to 7 minutes. Keep warm.
Heat another pan over medium heat. Beat eggs in a bowl using a fork. Pour beaten eggs into the hot pan; let cook for 30 seconds. Lift the edges of the omelet so that the uncooked egg runs under the cooked edges and comes into contact with the hot skillet. Shake and tilt the skillet to move the uncooked egg. Repeat until the top is set, 2 to 3 minutes. Cut or dice into small pieces.
Stir rice and bacon into the vegetables until well mixed. Add remaining soy sauce and season to taste with all-purpose seasoning, remaining garlic salt, and garlic powder. Add beef and stir until well mixed. Add eggs and peas and stir well into rice mixture to heat through.

Submitter: 
Lisa Colbroth
Description: 
Basic fried rice you can add any meat (chicken, pork, shrimp) to. The vegetables are fried in the bacon grease which gives this fried rice a great flavor. Even my 5-year-old loves it (but I have to cut some of the soy sauce down from the recipe when making it for her).
Categories:
Main Dish
Rice
Fried Rice

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
3 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
544 calories
9.8
g fat
82.6
g carbohydrates
28.5
g protein
123
mg cholesterol
2738
mg sodium.
