URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277457/vegetarian-mushroom-gravy/
Title:
Vegetarian Mushroom Gravy Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7332451.jpg
Ingredients:
5 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided
3 tablespoons minced shallot
12 ounces baby bella mushrooms, sliced
2 cloves garlic, minced
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/3 cup sherry
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
3 cups vegetable broth (such as Kitchen Basics®)
1 1/2 teaspoons dried tarragon
3 teaspoons low-sodium soy sauce

Directions:
Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add shallot and cook, stirring occasionally, until shallots are a deep golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in mushrooms, garlic, salt, and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until mushrooms are nicely browned, 3 to 5 minutes.
Pour sherry into the pan and bring to a boil while scraping the browned bits of food off the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Cook and stir until sherry is reduced, about 2 minutes.  Remove mushroom mixture from the skillet and set aside.
Reduce heat to medium-low and melt remaining 3 tablespoons of butter in the skillet. Add flour to make a roux, stirring continuously, until mixture is light golden brown, about 2 minutes. Add vegetable broth and tarragon; whisk until gravy is smooth and no lumps of flour remain.
Increase heat to medium-high, return mushroom mixture to the skillet, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer, uncovered, until mixture has reduced, about 8 minutes. Stir in soy sauce. Adjust seasonings, if necessary.

Submitter: 
lutzflcat
Description: 
This gravy is sure to please any vegetarian or even non-vegetarian. It's flavorful, rich, and is as good on turkey or prime rib as it is on a vegetarian meatloaf or mashed potatoes. It can be made in advance, stored in the fridge, and reheated on the stovetop or in the microwave.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Gravy
Vegetarian Gravy

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
226 calories
15.1
g fat
18.4
g carbohydrates
4.3
g protein
38
mg cholesterol
896
mg sodium.
