URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277453/air-fryer-latkes/
Title:
Air Fryer Latkes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7348425.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (16 ounce) package frozen shredded hash brown potatoes, thawed
1/2 cup shredded onion
1 egg
kosher salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 tablespoons matzo meal
avocado oil cooking spray

Directions:
Preheat an air fryer to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) according to manufacturer's instructions. Lay out a sheet of parchment or waxed paper.
Place thawed potatoes and shredded onion on several layers of paper towels. Cover with more paper towels and press to squeeze out most of the liquid.
Whisk together egg, salt, and pepper in a large bowl. Stir in potatoes and onion with a fork. Sprinkle matzo meal on top and stir until ingredients are evenly distributed. Use your hands to form mixture into ten 3- to 4-inch wide patties. Place patties on the parchment or waxed paper.
Spray the air fryer basket with cooking spray. Carefully place half of the patties in the basket and spray generously with cooking spray.
Air-fry until crispy and dark golden brown on the outside, 10 to 12 minutes. (Check for doneness at 8 minutes if you prefer a softer latke.) Remove latkes to a plate. Repeat with remaining patties, spraying them with cooking spray before cooking.

Submitter: 
Bibi
Description: 
Potato latkes are usually fried, on top of the stove, but the air fryers on the market right now are a great way to prepare this popular dish. This method yields a crispy latke that can be an appetizer or a dinner side. If you have an oil sprayer, you can use your oil of choice. I used purchased avocado oil spray, to give that beautiful brown color. Serve with sour cream or applesauce, if desired. Refrigerate any leftovers in an airtight container, up to 5 days.
Categories:
Side Dish
Potatoes
Potato Pancakes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
97 calories
6.5
g fat
18.6
g carbohydrates
3.3
g protein
33
mg cholesterol
121
mg sodium.
