URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277447/easy-instant-pot-clam-chowder/
Title:
Easy Instant Pot® Clam Chowder Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7345927.jpg
Ingredients:
3 (6.5 ounce) cans chopped clams, undrained
water as needed
4 slices bacon, chopped into 1/2-inch pieces
1 cup chopped onion
2 tablespoons butter
4 cups peeled and cubed Yukon Gold potatoes
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1/4 teaspoon dried thyme
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 1/3 cups evaporated skim milk
1 tablespoon potato starch (optional)

Directions:
Drain clam juice from 2 of the cans into a 2-cup measuring cup and fill with water to the 2-cup mark; set aside. Drain and discard clam juice from the remaining can.
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) and select Saute function. Add bacon and stir occasionally until fat has rendered and bacon is cooked, but not crispy, about 5 minutes. Add onion and butter. Cook, stirring and scraping the bottom of the pot to get up all of the brown bits, until onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes. Hit Cancel.
Add potatoes and reserved clam juice-water mixture; stir. Close and lock the lid and seal the pressure valve. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 4 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Allow to rest for 3 minutes, then release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid.
Carefully mash some or all of the potatoes as desired with a potato masher. Select Soup function. Stir in flour, thyme, garlic powder, salt, and pepper. Add evaporated milk and drained clams. Heat the soup without boiling, about 5 minutes. Add potato starch to thicken soup, if desired.

Submitter: 
thedailygourmet
Description: 
You won't believe this clam chowder can be made so fast in the Instant Pot®. Serve with crusty bread, if desired.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Chowders
Clam Chowder

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
424 calories
10
g fat
43.4
g carbohydrates
38.5
g protein
100
mg cholesterol
449
mg sodium.
