URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277482/mushroom-stir-fry/
Title:
Mushroom Stir-Fry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7352245.jpg
Ingredients:
Sauce:
3 tablespoons soy sauce
2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar
1 tablespoon sesame oil
2 teaspoons honey
2 teaspoons cornstarch
1 teaspoon Sriracha sauce
Stir Fry:
6 green onions
2 tablespoons peanut oil
2 stalks celery, thinly sliced diagonally
1 medium onion, cut into 1/2-inch wedges
3/4 pound shiitake mushrooms, trimmed and cut into 1/4-inch slices
1/4 pound beech mushrooms, trimmed
1/4 pound enoki mushrooms, trimmed
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 teaspoon freshly grated ginger

Directions:
Whisk together soy sauce, rice wine vinegar, sesame oil, honey, cornstarch and Sriracha in a small bowl; set aside.
Cut green onions into 2-inch pieces, keeping white and green parts separated.
Heat peanut oil in a large wok over high heat. Add celery and onion wedges and stir-fry, stirring constantly, 3 to 4 minutes. Add shiitake mushrooms, beech mushrooms, and white parts from green onions, stirring constantly for 3 to 4 minutes. Mix in enoki mushrooms, green parts from green onions, garlic, and ginger, and stir-fry for 2 more minutes.
Move vegetables to one side of the wok. Whisk sauce ingredients to combine, then pour sauce into the wok. Stir into vegetables and cook until sauce thickens, about 1 minute. Remove from heat and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
France C
Description: 
Who needs meat when you can make this stir-fry using a medley of mushrooms? Shiitake mushrooms have a meaty texture and earthy flavor that is bound to please both vegetarians and carnivores alike! The beech and enoki mushrooms add visual appeal and a mix of textures. The recipe makes just enough sauce to coat the vegetables, but feel free to double the sauce ingredients if you'd like extra to serve over rice or noodles.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
189 calories
10.5
g fat
18.5
g carbohydrates
5.2
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
775
mg sodium.
