URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277533/creamy-roasted-butternut-squash-soup-with-blue-cheese/
Title:
Creamy Roasted Butternut Squash Soup with Blue Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1352800.jpg
Ingredients:
aluminum foil
1 large butternut squash, peeled and cut into 1-inch cubes
2 cloves garlic, or more to taste, peeled
1/2 teaspoon salt
5 tablespoons avocado oil, divided
2 tablespoons butter, divided
1 medium onion
1/2 cup chicken broth, or more as needed
1 cup milk, or more as needed
1/2 cup half-and-half, or more as needed
1/4 teaspoon ground white pepper
4 ounces crumbled Gorgonzola cheese

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.
Toss butternut squash, garlic cloves, and salt together in a bowl.
Combine 4 tablespoons oil and 1 tablespoon butter in a saucepan over medium heat; cook until butter melts. Pour over butternut squash-garlic mixture and stir until squash is evenly coated. Spread squash out on the prepared baking sheet.
Roast in the preheated oven until squash is soft and lightly browned, about 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, heat remaining 1 tablespoon avocado oil and 1 tablespoon butter in a pot over medium-high heat. Add onion and cook until soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add roasted butternut squash and 1/2 cup chicken broth. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer for 10 minutes. Remove and let soup cool slightly until warm, but no longer steaming hot. Stir in 1 cup milk, 1/2 cup half-and-half, and pepper.
Puree soup with an immersion blender until smooth. Add more broth, milk, or half-and-half if soup is too thick.
Ladle soup into bowls and sprinkle with crumbled Gorgonzola. The soup tastes best at room temperature.

Submitter: 
HealthyCooking
Description: 
This dish was so delicious my family asked me to write down the recipe. The blue cheese crumbles add a delicious touch to the dish. The soup can be served hot or cold, but tastes best at room temperature.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Broth and Stocks

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
363 calories
24.3
g fat
31.5
g carbohydrates
8.6
g protein
41
mg cholesterol
540
mg sodium.
