URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277548/cranberry-orange-curd-tart/
Title:
Cranberry-Orange Curd Tart Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7405641.jpg
Ingredients:
Crust:
1 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 cup white sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons ground ginger
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup unsalted butter, melted
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/4 teaspoon almond extract
Filling:
4 egg yolks, at room temperature
1 egg, at room temperature
1 (12 ounce) package fresh cranberries
1 cup white sugar
1 large orange, zested and juiced
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 pinch salt
4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 4 pieces

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9-inch tart pan with a removable bottom.
Combine flour, sugar, ginger, and salt for crust in a small bowl. Mix in melted butter, vanilla extract, and almond extract until mixture is combined and comes together in a thick dough.
Press dough evenly into the bottom and up the sides of the prepared tart pan. Place the tart pan on a large baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until golden, 20 to 25 minutes.
Beat egg yolks and egg together in a large bowl with an electric mixer. Set aside.
Combine cranberries and sugar in a large saucepan. Cook over medium heat until cranberries pop and sugar is dissolved, 8 to 10 minutes. Pour mixture into a blender. Add orange juice, orange zest, vanilla extract, and salt. Leave the lid vent open on the blender; do not seal without having a way to steam to vent, and cover the lid with a kitchen towel.
Blend on low speed until mixture is smooth and thoroughly pureed. Pour the warm mixture gradually into the eggs, whisking constantly.
Pour curd back into the saucepan and cook over low heat until mixture is thickened, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in butter, 1 tablespoon at a time, until thoroughly combined, ensuring each piece of butter has thoroughly melted before adding the next. Strain the mixture through a fine-mesh sieve. Discard solids. Pour strained curd into the prepared crust.
Bake in the preheated oven until curd is set around the edges and jiggles slightly in the center, 20 to 25 minutes. Allow to cool to room temperature before removing from the tart pan, 30 minutes to 1 hour.

Submitter: 
Kim
Description: 
A beautiful and tasty tart full of cranberry-orange flavor! If shortbread crusts aren't your thing, feel free to use your favorite pastry crust instead!
Categories:
Desserts
Pies
Tarts
Fruit Tarts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
400 calories
20.3
g fat
51.7
g carbohydrates
4.3
g protein
171
mg cholesterol
108
mg sodium.
