URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277543/healthy-roasted-cauliflower-soup-/
Title:
Healthy Roasted Cauliflower Soup  Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 large head cauliflower, broken into florets
2 medium white onions, cut in half lengthwise and thinly sliced
3 tablespoons olive oil
1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin
1 1/2 teaspoons ground coriander
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
2 tablespoons salted butter
4 cloves garlic, crushed
1 large potato, with skin, cut into 1-inch pieces
1 teaspoon ground turmeric
1 quart vegetable stock
2 tablespoons sliced almonds

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Spread out cauliflower and onion on a baking sheet. Drizzle with olive oil and season with cumin, coriander, salt and pepper. Toss to combine.
Roast vegetables in the preheated oven until cauliflower is browned and cooked, but not soft, about 25 minutes.
Meanwhile, melt butter in a large saucepan over low heat. Add garlic and cook until fragrant, about 3 minutes. Stir in potato and turmeric. Pour in stock, increase heat to medium, and bring to a simmer. Cover and cook until potato is soft, about 10 minutes.
Set aside 1 cup roasted cauliflower for topping. Add remaining cauliflower and onion to the soup and return to a simmer. Cook for 5 minutes for flavors to meld. Puree with an immersion blender or food processor until soup is smooth. Adjust seasoning to taste.
Toast the almonds in a dry skillet over low heat, stirring occasionally, until golden.
Ladle soup into bowls, and top with reserved cauliflower and toasted almonds.

Submitter: 
Porchdog
Description: 
Healthy and hearty roasted cauliflower soup.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Vegetable Soup
Cauliflower

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
329 calories
18.7
g fat
36.4
g carbohydrates
8.2
g protein
15
mg cholesterol
967
mg sodium.
