URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277532/buffalo-chicken-pasta-with-blue-cheese/
Title:
Buffalo Chicken Pasta with Blue Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into 1-inch chunks
6 ounces hot sauce
1/2 stick butter, melted
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 (10 ounce) package sliced baby bella mushrooms
1 medium Spanish onion, chopped
2 cloves garlic, chopped
1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar
1 bunch asparagus, trimmed and chopped
1 pound penne pasta
1 cup ricotta cheese
1/2 cup crumbled Gorgonzola cheese
1/2 cup grated Cheddar cheese
1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Combine chicken, hot sauce, and melted butter in a bowl and marinate for 2 hours.
Heat oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Saute mushrooms, onion, and garlic in the pan until soft, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in balsamic. Set aside.
Heat another skillet over medium-high heat. Pour in Buffalo sauce marinade and chicken; saute until no longer pink in the centers, 5 to 7 minutes.
Meanwhile, place a steamer insert into a saucepan and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer. Bring water to a boil. Add asparagus, cover, and steam until tender, 5 to 10 minutes. Transfer immediately to a bowl of ice water to shock so they stay nice and green.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add penne and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 11 minutes. Drain; reserving 1 ladleful of pasta water. Stir Buffalo chicken mixture, asparagus, and reserved pasta water into pasta. Add ricotta cheese, Gorgonzola cheese, and Cheddar cheese.
Heat pasta mixture over low heat until all cheese is melted and looks like a cream sauce, 3 to 5 minutes. Toss in parsley, salt, and pepper and serve.

Submitter: 
Chef Gregory
Description: 
My own dish. This a wonderful take on Buffalo chicken and blue cheese dipping sauce. Enjoy.
Categories:
Main Dish
Pasta
Chicken

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
2 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
589 calories
23.8
g fat
64.6
g carbohydrates
31.9
g protein
81
mg cholesterol
1110
mg sodium.
