URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277526/instant-potr-coq-au-vin/
Title:
Instant Pot® Coq au Vin Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7381843.jpg
Ingredients:
6 slices thick-cut bacon, cut lengthwise and into 1-inch pieces
1/2 cup diced shallot
2 large cloves garlic, finely diced
1 1/2 cups Pinot Noir, divided
1/2 cup no-salt-added chicken broth
2 tablespoons tomato paste
2 bay leaves
4 sprigs fresh thyme
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken thighs, trimmed of surface fat
1 (8 ounce) package cremini mushrooms, quartered
7 ounces pearl onions
4 carrots, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch slices
2 tablespoons cornstarch
2 tablespoons no-salt-added chicken broth
1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley

Directions:
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) and select Saute function, medium heat, and add bacon. Cook, stirring frequently, until browned and crisp, about 10 minutes. Remove bacon to a small bowl and set aside. Remove all but 1 tablespoon of the bacon fat.
Cook shallot in the hot fat until soft, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Pour in 1/4 cup Pinot Noir and deglaze the pot, scraping the browned bits of food off the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Add remaining wine, 1/2 cup chicken broth, tomato paste, bay leaves, thyme, and pepper; stir well. Add 1/3 of the bacon pieces.
Place chicken into the pot with mushrooms, pearl onions, and carrots; stir. Close and lock the lid.
Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 7 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions for 5 minutes. Release remaining pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Transfer chicken to a warm plate. An instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Mix cornstarch and 2 tablespoons chicken broth together in a small bowl; stir well.
Select Saute function. Add cornstarch mixture to the pot. Heat until this becomes slightly thickened, about 5 minutes; this will not be thick like gravy.
Divide chicken between serving plates and ladle mixture over. Garnish with parsley and remaining bacon pieces.

Submitter: 
Bren
Description: 
Coq au vin usually takes hours to make but with the Instant Pot® you'll have dinner on the table in just over an hour.
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
French

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
487 calories
18.3
g fat
35
g carbohydrates
31.1
g protein
86
mg cholesterol
554
mg sodium.
