URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277522/frozen-pork-chops-in-the-instant-pot/
Title:
Frozen Pork Chops in the Instant Pot® Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7395350.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons butter
1 yellow onion, thinly sliced
1 teaspoon garlic base (such as Better Than Bouillon® Roasted Garlic Base)
1/2 cup water
2 teaspoons all-purpose seasoning (such as Savory Spice® Wash Park Seasoning)
1 1/2 teaspoons shallot salt (such as Savory Spice® Supreme Shallot Salt)
1 1/4 pounds bone-in, thick-cut, frozen pork chops
6 ounces portobello mushrooms, quartered
1/4 cup whipping cream
1 tablespoon all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon browning sauce (optional)

Directions:
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) and select Saute function. Add butter once the pot is hot. Add onion and stir frequently until soft and fragrant, about 5 minutes. Add garlic base and pour in water. Stir to combine.
Mix all-purpose seasoning and shallot salt together in a bowl and sprinkle on both sides of the pork chops. Nestle pork chops on top of the onion. Hit Cancel. Seal and lock the lid into place.
Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 13 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions for 12 minutes. Release remaining pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid.
Remove pork chops to a plate. Hit Cancel and switch to Saute function. Add mushrooms and stir.
Whisk whipping cream, flour, and browning sauce together in a measuring cup. Add mixture to the Instant Pot(R). Allow to thicken slightly, about 3 minutes. Ladle mushroom gravy on top of pork chops. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
thedailygourmet
Description: 
When the main component of dinner is frozen solid, it's often easier to order carry-out, but this recipe takes advantage of frozen pork chops. I buy my seasonings from the Savory Spice® Shop, although feel free to use what you have on hand.
Categories:
Main Dish
Pork
Pork Chops

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
266 calories
16.8
g fat
10.6
g carbohydrates
18.4
g protein
77
mg cholesterol
805
mg sodium.
