URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277520/no-bake-peanut-butter-and-jelly-pie/
Title:
No-Bake Peanut Butter and Jelly Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7440003.jpg
Ingredients:
Crust:
1/3 (14.4 ounce) box chocolate graham crackers, crushed
1/2 cup butter, melted
Filling:
1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened
1 cup creamy peanut butter (such as Peter Pan®)
2 cups heavy cream
1 cup powdered sugar, or more as needed
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/4 cup grape jam (such as Welch's), or as needed
Topping:
2 tablespoons creamy peanut butter (such as Peter Pan®)
1 tablespoon grape jam (such as Welch's), or more to taste
1 chocolate graham cracker, crushed (optional)

Directions:
Mix graham cracker crumbs and melted butter together in a bowl. Press into the bottom and up the sides of a 9-inch pie plate to form a crust. Place in the refrigerator to harden.
Meanwhile, combine cream cheese and 1 cup peanut butter in a medium bowl for filling; beat with an electric mixer until smooth and creamy.
Combine heavy cream, 1 cup powdered sugar, and vanilla extract in a separate bowl; beat with an electric mixer on high speed until stiff peaks form, adding more powdered sugar, if necessary. Remove 1 1/2 cups whipped cream mixture to a small bowl and place in the refrigerator. Gently fold the rest into the peanut butter mixture with a large spoon or spatula. Pour 1/2 of the peanut butter filling into the pie crust and place in the freezer until firm, 10 to 15 minutes.
Remove pie from the freezer and spread 1/4 cup grape jam in a thin layer on top, being careful not to disturb the peanut butter filling. Pour remaining peanut butter filling on top and spread evenly with a spatula. Place in the freezer until filling has hardened, about 15 minutes.
Place remaining peanut butter and remaining jam for the topping in 2 small microwave-safe bowls. Microwave until melted, 15 to 20 seconds. Transfer each to a small plastic bag.
Spread remaining whipped cream mixture over the top of the pie. Cut a very small corner from each plastic bag and squeeze gently to drizzle peanut butter and jam over the top of the pie. Sprinkle with graham cracker crumbs and refrigerate until firm, at least 30 minutes.

Submitter: 
TTallant
Description: 
A creamy, delicious slice of nostalgia! This pie will take you back to your childhood and still be the hit of any meal, party, or celebration. No baking necessary. Serve as cold as possible, the pie will soften a lot as it sits out.
Categories:
Desserts
Pies
No-Bake Pies
Peanut Butter Pie

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
630 calories
50.8
g fat
37.8
g carbohydrates
11
g protein
114
mg cholesterol
392
mg sodium.
