URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277553/coconut-curry-over-sticky-rice/
Title:
Coconut Curry over Sticky Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6707419.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons butter
1 pound roughly chopped cooked chicken thighs
1 large onion, finely chopped
1 apple - peeled, cored, and minced
2 large cloves garlic, grated
4 tablespoons yellow curry powder
2 tablespoons tomato paste
1 1/2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons zafrani garam masala
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
3 3/4 cups light unsweetened coconut milk, divided
2 large carrots, peeled and roughly chopped
1 large russet potato, peeled and roughly chopped
4 3/4 cups chicken broth, divided
3 tablespoons light brown sugar
2 tablespoons mushroom-flavored dark soy sauce
2 tablespoons chile-garlic sauce (such as Sriracha®), or to taste (optional)
salt to taste
2 cups uncooked short-grain white rice
1/2 teaspoon salt

Directions:
Heat butter in a pan over medium-low heat. Saute onion until soft, translucent, and slightly caramelized, about 10 minutes. Add apple, garlic, curry powder, tomato paste, flour, garam masala, and ginger. Stir while allowing spices to bloom and flour to cook, 2 to 3 minutes. Add 2 cups coconut milk, carrots, and potato; bring to a boil. Add 4 cups broth, brown sugar, soy sauce, and Sriracha; return to a boil.
Toss chicken into the pan and cover. Reduce heat to a simmer and cook for 30 minutes. Remove the lid and check thickness; if it appears thin, leave lid off and allow to simmer until reduced to your liking, about 15 minutes. Season with salt to taste.
Meanwhile, place rice into a bowl or pot and fill with water, a few inches above the rice. Shake from side to side with a flat hand and separated fingers while moving up and down. Pour out water and repeat process until water runs clear, about 5 times. Drain in a fine-mesh strainer.
Combine drained rice, remaining coconut milk , remaining chicken broth, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in your pot and stir. Bring to a boil; cover, reduce heat to a light simmer, and allow to cook until rice is fluffy and liquid has been absorbed, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat, cover the lid with a towel, and let rest for 20 minutes. Serve with chicken mixture.

Submitter: 
Epicure Amber
Description: 
This is an Asian mashup of a more traditional Japanese curry and a Thai coconut curry. It is savory, rich, and comforting. If you like spice, you will enjoy this, or omit the Sriracha for a much milder version. This recipe can be halved easily. Your home will smell amazing!
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Chicken
Chicken Thighs

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
646 calories
33
g fat
67
g carbohydrates
23.1
g protein
65
mg cholesterol
1377
mg sodium.
