URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277529/white-chocolate-peppermint-cheesecake/
Title:
White Chocolate Peppermint Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1080881.jpg
Ingredients:
Crust:
22 chocolate sandwich cookies (such as Oreo®)
3 tablespoons butter, melted
Filling:
3 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese, softened
1 cup white sugar
4 ounces white chocolate-flavored almond bark, melted
1 1/2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 1/2 tablespoons heavy whipping cream
2 teaspoons peppermint extract
1/4 teaspoon salt
3 eggs
3/4 cup creme de menthe baking chips (such as Andes®)
1/2 cup peppermint crunch baking chips (such as Andes®)
Mousse:
1/2 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened
2 ounces white chocolate-flavored almond bark, melted
1/2 cup frozen whipped topping (such as Cool Whip®), thawed
1 1/2 tablespoons white sugar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a 9-inch springform pan with 2 sheets of aluminum foil.
Crush chocolate cookies into fine crumbs using a food processor. Add melted butter and stir until well combined. Transfer crumb mixture into the prepared pan. Press down crumbs to create an even crust, completely covering the bottom of the pan.
Bake in the preheated oven until just set, 8 to 10 minutes.
Reduce the oven temperature to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Beat cream cheese in a large bowl or the bowl of a stand mixer with an electric mixer until smooth. Add sugar and mix well. Mix in melted almond bark, flour, heavy cream, peppermint extract, and salt, scraping the bowl prior to each new addition; mix well. Add 1 egg at a time on medium-low speed. Mix until smooth. Fold in creme de menthe and peppermint crunch baking chips.
Transfer the springform pan with the cooked crust to a large roasting pan. Pour filling into the crust. Add enough hot water to the roasting pan to reach halfway up the sides of the springform pan.
Bake in the center of the preheated oven until set, about 1 hour. Turn off the oven. Leave cake in the oven, keeping the door shut, for an additional 45 minutes. Remove and allow to sit for at least 1 hour before chilling.
Chill for 4 hours, to overnight.
Beat softened cream cheese, white chocolate, whipped topping, sugar, and vanilla extract for mousse together in a medium bowl with an electric mixer until smooth and slightly thickened. Add mousse to the top of the cheesecake. Chill for at least 4 more hours.
Remove the sides of the springform pan. Cut into slices and enjoy.

Submitter: 
Rick Fields
Description: 
Making a peppermint cheesecake is a Christmas tradition around our house. We've tried many recipes, and this is the best combination we've found! It gets rave reviews from our family. Light and minty, with a hint of chocolate. While this recipe is involved, it is not difficult. Keep at it and your work will pay off! Delicious results. Top with mini chocolate chips and additional Andes® peppermint chips if desired. Store in a refrigerator.
Categories:
Desserts
Chocolate
White Chocolate

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
11 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
461 calories
31.2
g fat
39.8
g carbohydrates
7
g protein
99
mg cholesterol
295
mg sodium.
