URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277657/marinara-sauce-with-vegetables/
Title:
Marinara Sauce with Vegetables Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
1 large yellow onion
1 cup finely chopped celery
1 cup finely chopped carrots
2 cups chopped baby portobello mushrooms
1 green bell pepper, diced
5 cloves garlic, minced
1/2 cup Pinot Grigio wine
1 teaspoon salt
1 (6 ounce) can tomato paste
4 (28 ounce) cans organic whole peeled tomatoes (such as San Marzano®), with juices
6 tablespoons dried parsley
3 tablespoons dried oregano
3 tablespoons dried basil
1 tablespoon salt
1 teaspoon red pepper flakes
1 bay leaf

Directions:
Heat a large Dutch oven over medium heat. Add oil to the warm pot and heat until shimmering, 1 to 2 minutes. Add onion, celery, and carrots; cook and stir until the onion has turned translucent, about 5 minutes. Add mushrooms and bell pepper; cook until softened, 3 to 5 minutes.
Make a well in the center of the veggies and add garlic to the bottom of the pot. Cook until fragrant, about 1 minute, then stir garlic into the veggies. Stir in wine and cook for 2 minutes. Stir in 1 teaspoon salt, tomato paste, and then all 4 cans of tomatoes. Break up tomatoes with a potato masher.
Puree sauce with an immersion blender until all veggies and tomatoes are broken up and smooth. Cook sauce until hot and bubbly, 8 to 10 minutes. Add parsley, oregano, basil, 1 tablespoon salt, red pepper flakes, and bay leaf. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer for 15 minutes.
Let sauce cool completely, then store in the refrigerator until flavors marry, 8 hours to overnight.
Transfer 1- or 2-cup portions of sauce into airtight containers or 1-quart resealable plastic freezer bags and store in the freezer for up to 4 to 6 months.

Submitter: 
GoldenBelly
Description: 
Get a boatload of veggies without ever knowing they're there! This tomato sauce features more than 6 cups of veggies plus the tomatoes, that all get blended together to form a smooth, flavorful, delectable sauce for pasta, zucchini noodles, dipping, and any other use you can imagine. You're already making the sauce, you might as well make it in bulk. Use some right away and freeze the rest for up to 4 to 6 months. It's to die for!
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Sauces
Pasta Sauces
Tomato
Marinara

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
8 h 55 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
61 calories
2
g fat
9.5
g carbohydrates
2
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
641
mg sodium.
