URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277610/pumpkin-chocolate-layer-cake/
Title:
Pumpkin-Chocolate Layer Cake Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F406745.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups all-purpose flour
¼ cup unsweetened cocoa
3 teaspoons baking powder
2 teaspoons baking soda
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
¼ teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon ground allspice
2 cups white sugar
¾ cup canola oil
½ cup applesauce
1 (15 ounce) can pumpkin puree
1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
4 large eggs
1 ounce semisweet chocolate, finely chopped
1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened
½ cup sifted confectioners' sugar
2 ½ tablespoons pure vanilla extract
3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder
1 cup heavy whipping cream
2 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped
5 ounces bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped
5 tablespoons powdered sugar
5 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 9-inch round cake pans and line the bottoms with parchment paper.
Whisk flour, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, salt, and allspice together in a small bowl for the cake.
Combine sugar, oil, and applesauce in a large bowl with an electric mixer on low speed. Add pumpkin and vanilla extract. Beat in eggs on medium speed, 1 at a time, mixing well after each addition. Add flour mixture gradually until combined; finish mixing with a rubber spatula.
Pour batter into the prepared cake pans. Sprinkle chopped semisweet chocolate over the top of each. Swirl chocolate into the batter using a metal spatula.
Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center of each cake comes out clean, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool in pans for 5 minutes. Loosen the sides, invert, remove parchment paper, and let cool on wire racks, about 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, combine cream cheese, powdered sugar, and vanilla extract for the filling in a mixing bowl. Beat using an electric mixer, increasing speed, until creamy. Remove 2/3 of the mixture and set aside. Add cocoa to remaining mixture; beat until creamy.
Beat heavy cream in another bowl on medium-high speed until stiff peaks form. Fold 2/3 of the whipped cream into the white cream cheese mixture. Fold remaining 1/3 of whipped cream into the chocolate cream cheese mixture.
Cut each cooled cake layer in half horizontally. Spread 1/2 of the white cream cheese mixture onto 1 layer of cake, to about 1/4-inch from the edge. Sprinkle 1/3 chopped semisweet chocolate over filling, gently pressing down with fingers. Add next layer; spread with chocolate cream cheese mixture and sprinkle with 1/3 of chopped semisweet chocolate; press down. Add third cake layer, spread with remaining white cream cheese. Sprinkle with remaining chocolate, pressing gently. Top with last layer.
Place bittersweet chocolate in the top of a double boiler over simmering water. Stir frequently, scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula to avoid scorching, until chocolate is melted, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat, add in powdered sugar and butter. Whisk until smooth. Pour over the top of the cake. Spread glaze evenly across the top and on the sides.

Submitter: 
amandascookin
Description: 
This cake was born after I adapted Sue Case's Pumpkin Cake III from this site. I made a lot of changes to come up with this creation, which received raving reviews in this house. I was pretty excited, this won a contest over at Mixing Bowl last year. I'll be making it for Thanksgiving every year!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 50 mins
Number of servings: 
35 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
696 calories
41.2
g fat
76.2
g carbohydrates
8.5
g protein
123
mg cholesterol
555
mg sodium.
