URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277694/walnut-chorizo-tacos-with-pickled-vegetables/
Title:
Walnut "Chorizo" Tacos with Pickled Vegetables Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7471799.jpg
Ingredients:
Pickled Vegetables:
1/2 cup fresh lime juice
1 1/2 teaspoons white sugar
3/4 teaspoon sea salt
8 radishes, thinly sliced
2 medium jalapeno peppers, thinly sliced
1 large clove garlic, thinly sliced
California Walnut "Chorizo" Crumble:
2 cups California walnuts
1 (15 ounce) can black beans, drained and rinsed
3 tablespoons olive oil, divided
1 tablespoon white vinegar
1 tablespoon smoked paprika
1 tablespoon ancho chili powder
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1 teaspoon ground chipotle chili pepper
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon ground coriander
Tacos:
16 whole wheat tortillas
cooking spray
Thinly sliced romaine lettuce
Fresh cilantro leaves
Lime wedges

Directions:
Stir together lime juice, sugar, and sea salt in a small bowl. Stir in radishes, jalapenos, and garlic slices and let stand for 30 minutes to pickle.
Meanwhile, to prepare "chorizo" crumble, place walnuts and beans in a food processor; pulse until coarsely chopped. Add 2 tablespoons oil and remaining crumble ingredients to food processor and pulse again until mixture is finely chopped and resembles ground meat, stirring several times and moving the mixture from the bottom of the food processor bowl to the top to evenly mix.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a very large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add "chorizo" mixture to skillet and cook for 10 minutes or until mixture is nicely browned and resembles ground meat, stirring frequently.
Brush each tortilla lightly with oil or coat with cooking spray. Cook briefly on a griddle or skillet over medium-high heat to brown on both sides, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Keep tortillas warm in foil until ready to serve.
Remove pickled vegetables from liquid and discard garlic slices. Fill each tortilla with equal amounts of "chorizo" and pickled vegetables. Garnish with lettuce and cilantro and serve with lime wedges.

Submitter: 
California Walnuts
Description: 
A walnut chorizo meat is the base for these spicy tacos. Topped with pickled jalapeno peppers and radishes and finished with a squeeze of lime, these are a fresh take on traditional meat tacos. For a creamy addition, place a layer of mashed avocado onto the tortillas before filling with chorizo and vegetables.
Categories:
Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
California Walnut Board

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
