URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277649/the-oops-i-forgot-to-thaw-the-chicken-dinner/
Title:
The "Oops! I Forgot to Thaw the Chicken" Dinner Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7437136.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup brown basmati rice, rinsed
2 1/2 cups low-sodium chicken broth
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 teaspoon salt
2 carrots, sliced
1 shallot, sliced
1 clove garlic, sliced, or to taste
2 (8 ounce) frozen skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
2 teaspoons lemon pepper seasoning
1/4 cup chopped cilantro

Directions:
Pour rinsed rice into the bottom of a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)). Stir in broth, olive oil, and salt. Add carrots, shallot, and garlic. Place frozen chicken breasts on top, about 2 inches apart. Sprinkle lemon pepper seasoning over everything.
Close and lock the lid. Select Poultry function, or high pressure, according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 12 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions for 5 minutes. Release any remaining pressure carefully using the quick-release method. Unlock and remove the lid. Check the temperature of the chicken breasts at the thickest section; an instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Remove the chicken breasts and fluff the rice with a fork. Place the rice and vegetables on a plate. Top with chicken breasts and sprinkle with cilantro before serving.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Use your Instant Pot® to turn frozen chicken breasts, basmati rice, and whatever veggies you have on hand into a filling and delicious dinner on those nights when you don't have time to mess with thawing your chicken. This is the perfect recipe if you forgot to take out the chicken from the freezer. Every time I make this I am so happy with how tender and juicy the chicken is, as well as how perfect the rice comes out; fluffy, never mushy.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Chicken
Chicken Breasts

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
338 calories
8
g fat
38.4
g carbohydrates
29.4
g protein
67
mg cholesterol
967
mg sodium.
