URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277700/instant-pot-filipino-chicken-adobo/
Title:
Instant Pot® Filipino Chicken Adobo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7448804.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup distilled white vinegar
1/4 cup soy sauce
2 tablespoons minced garlic
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 tablespoon brown sugar
1 teaspoon black peppercorns, roughly cracked
2 bay leaves
1 large onion, sliced
1 1/2 pounds bone-in, skin-on chicken thighs
1 tablespoon chopped scallions (optional)

Directions:
Whisk vinegar, soy sauce, garlic, olive oil, brown sugar, and crushed peppercorns in a bowl until sugar is dissolved. Stir bay leaves into the sauce.
Line the bottom of a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) with onion slices. Place chicken thighs on top of onions and pour vinegar-soy sauce over top. Close and lock the lid.
Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 10 minutes. Allow 10 minutes for pressure to build.
Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.
Release pressure using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Using tongs, transfer thighs to the prepared baking sheet, skin-side up. Select Saute function and cook until sauce thickens, 3 to 5 minutes.
Set an oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler to high.
Place chicken under the preheated broiler, and broil until skin is crispy, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer thighs to a serving plate and spoon sauce over the top. Garnish with chopped scallions.

Submitter: 
Soup Loving Nicole
Description: 
All the flavor you love in Filipino chicken adobo without hours of marinating thanks to the Instant Pot®. Serve over rice, if desired.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Filipino

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
352 calories
21.1
g fat
9
g carbohydrates
30.2
g protein
106
mg cholesterol
1001
mg sodium.
