URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277749/beef-sliders/
Title:
Beef Sliders Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7110656.jpg
Ingredients:
4 tablespoons mayonnaise
2 tablespoons Sriracha sauce
1 tablespoon pickle juice
1 teaspoon prepared yellow mustard
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon white sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon olive oil, or as needed
1 white onion, thinly sliced
1 pound ground beef
1 tablespoon hamburger seasoning
1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
3 slices American cheese
1 dill pickle, sliced
6 slider rolls, halved

Directions:
Mix mayonnaise, Sriracha, pickle juice, mustard, garlic powder, sugar, and salt together in a bowl for comeback sauce. Refrigerate for 1 hour. Set aside 6 teaspoons for sliders; refrigerate remaining sauce for another use.
Coat the bottom of a deep pan with a thin layer of oil. Heat over medium heat. Add onion in about a 1/2-inch layer across the whole pan. Cover and let cook until fragrant, 3 to 4 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low, stir, and re-cover.
While onion is cooking, combine beef, seasoning, and Worcestershire sauce in a bowl. Shape into 6 small patties.
Toss onion around the pan so as not to burn one side. Place patties over the bed of onion and cover the pan. Cook for 2 minutes.
Flip burgers. Place 1/2 a slice of American cheese on top of each burger and several pickle slices on the cheese. Place both halves of buns stacked face-down on top of each burger. The top bun should be the one touching the cheese and pickles. Cover to steam the buns and cook burgers until no longer pink in the centers, 3 to 5 minutes more.
Remove the buns and burgers from the pan. Spread comeback sauce on the bottom half of each bun, then load some onions onto it. Place burger and top bun on top. Serve hot.

Submitter: 
Brian Genest
Description: 
A real-deal beef slider isn't just a tiny hamburger, which is what you get at the vast majority of restaurants. To be authentic, it has to be steamed over a bed of onions, bread, and all. You can change up the toppings, but I love them best with the traditional pickles and onions.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Meat and Poultry
Beef

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
829 calories
50.7
g fat
51.4
g carbohydrates
39.9
g protein
128
mg cholesterol
2179
mg sodium.
