URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277787/baked-chicken-parmesan-dip/
Title:
Baked Chicken Parmesan Dip Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7560674.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup whole-milk ricotta cheese
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste
4 tablespoons olive oil, divided
3 tablespoons cold water
8 ounces grated mozzarella cheese
8 ounces grated Monterey Jack cheese
1 ounce grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese
2 cups prepared marinara sauce
1/2 cup panko bread crumbs
2 tablespoons olive oil
2 tablespoons grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, or to taste
2 tablespoons grated mozzarella cheese, or to taste
2 tablespoons grated Monterey Jack cheese, or to taste
1 teaspoon (packed) coarsely chopped fresh Italian parsley

Directions:
Drain ricotta cheese in a mesh strainer set over a bowl in the refrigerator, 8 hours to overnight.
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Season chicken with salt, pepper, and cayenne.
Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a pan over medium-high heat. Cook chicken breasts in the hot oil until browned and just barely cooked through, about 6 minutes per side. Turn off heat and splash in cold water, stirring to deglaze. Transfer chicken and pan drippings into a bowl to let cool, about 5 minutes. Dice or shred the chicken.
Combine drained ricotta cheese, salt, pepper, 8 ounces mozzarella cheese, 8 ounces Monterey Jack cheese, and 1 ounce Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese in a bowl. Mix with a spoon to evenly distribute. Add chicken, the pan drippings, and marinara sauce. Mix with a fork until just combined.
Combine bread crumbs and remaining olive oil in the bowl used for the chicken and mix to coat.
Transfer chicken mixture to an ungreased baking dish. Top with oiled crumbs, 2 tablespoons Parmesan, 2 tablespoons mozzarella, and 2 tablespoons Monterey Jack cheese.
Bake in the center of the preheated oven until browned and bubbly, about 20 minutes.
Let rest for 10 minutes. Garnish with parsley and serve with a spoon or spreading knife.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
I love chicken Parmesan, and I love hot, baked dips, so it was only a matter of time before I did a hot chicken Parmesan dip. I would make this again even if it were hard to do, but luckily it's super easy. Unlike actual chicken Parmesan where that crispy breading gets soggy super fast, this goes over crunchy toast so the textural experience is probably even better. Serve hot, warm, or room temperature, with lots of crispy crostini.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Dips and Spreads
Cheese Dips and Spreads

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
9 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
364 calories
24.6
g fat
9.1
g carbohydrates
26.1
g protein
74
mg cholesterol
609
mg sodium.
