URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277865/shrimp-and-bean-tacos/
Title:
Shrimp and Bean Tacos Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7464618.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound frozen medium shrimp
1 1/2 cups milk, or as needed
1 cup almond flour
1 cup coconut flour
1 tablespoon garlic powder
1 tablespoon ground paprika
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 cup ranch dressing
3 tablespoons hot pepper sauce (such as Tapatio®)
1/4 lime, juiced
2 cups avocado oil
8 (6 inch) corn tortillas
1 tablespoon butter, or to taste
1 (16 ounce) can black beans, rinsed and drained
1 large red onion, diced
1 large tomato, chopped
1 avocado, diced
1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro, or to taste

Directions:
Place shrimp in a colander and place colander in a large bowl of cold water. Let shrimp sit, submerged, until thawed, about 15 to 20 minutes.
Drain shrimp, remove tails and skins, and transfer to a wide, shallow bowl. Add just enough milk to cover shrimp.
Mix almond flour, coconut flour, garlic powder, paprika, salt, and pepper together in a bowl. Stir ranch dressing, hot pepper sauce, and lime juice together in a separate bowl.
Take shrimp from the milk and dredge in the flour-spice mixture, pressing firmly until evenly coated. Repeat with remaining shrimp.
Heat avocado oil in a deep, medium saucepan over medium heat. Lower shrimp carefully into the hot oil in batches. Fry until golden brown and the meat is opaque, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to drain. Repeat with remaining shrimp.
Heat black beans in a small saucepan over low heat until warm, about 5 minutes.
While beans are heating, spread one side of each tortilla with a thin layer of butter. Heat tortillas in a skillet over low heat until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes.
Layer each tortilla with about 4 shrimp, black beans, diced onion, tomato, avocado, and cilantro, and drizzle ranch sauce over top.

Submitter: 
Jason Barr
Description: 
Easy to make shrimp tacos guaranteed to be a hit!
Categories:
Main Dish
Tacos

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
665 calories
42.9
g fat
50.7
g carbohydrates
23.2
g protein
94
mg cholesterol
861
mg sodium.
