URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277997/air-fryer-turkey-fajitas/
Title:
Air Fryer Turkey Fajitas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7560608.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon chili powder
1 tablespoon ground cumin
1/2 tablespoon paprika
1/2 tablespoon dried Mexican oregano
1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1/2 teaspoon onion powder
2 limes, divided
1 pound skinless, boneless turkey breast, cut into 1/2-inch thick slices
1 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided
1 large red bell pepper, sliced into strips
1 medium yellow bell pepper, sliced into strips
1 large red onion, halved and sliced into strips
1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped, or more to taste
1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro

Directions:
Mix chili powder, cumin, paprika, oregano, pepper, garlic powder, and onion powder together in a small bowl.   Squeeze the juice of 1 lime over the turkey breast. Sprinkle seasoning mixture over the meat. Add 1 tablespoon oil. Toss to coat and set aside.
Place bell peppers and onion into a bowl and cover with remaining oil. Toss to coat.
Preheat an air fryer to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) according to manufacturer's instructions.
Cook the bell peppers and onion in the preheated air fryer for 8 minutes. Shake and cook another 5 minutes. Add jalapenos. Cook for 5 minutes. Open the basket, shake, and place turkey strips in one single layer on top of the vegetables. Close the basket and cook, 7 to 8 minutes. Open, shake the basket to distribute mixture, and continue to cook until turkey strips are a bit crispy and no longer pink in the centers and peppers are tender, about 5 minutes more.
Remove the basket and place the fajitas in a bowl or on a platter. Top with cilantro and squeeze juice of remaining lime over.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Marinated turkey breast is air-fried with vegetables for a no-fuss, no-mess, Tex-Mex dinner. I don't add any salt; the spices, vegetables, and lime are bursting in flavor. Serve with your favorite salsa and fresh tortillas.
Categories:
World Cuisine
Latin American
Mexican

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
246 calories
7
g fat
15.3
g carbohydrates
32
g protein
82
mg cholesterol
80
mg sodium.
