URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/277992/shrimp-gumbo-with-okra/
Title:
Shrimp Gumbo with Okra Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/448043.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 pounds uncooked medium shrimp
1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning, divided, or to taste
3 quarts water
1 medium onion, diced, divided
1 large green bell pepper, diced, divided
1/2 cup butter
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon tomato paste, or more to taste
2 (14.5 ounce) cans diced tomatoes with green pepper and onion
1 pound okra, cut into 1/4-inch pieces
1/8 teaspoon Cajun-style crab boil seasoning, or to taste

Directions:
Peel shrimp and toss shells with 1/2 tablespoon of Cajun seasoning. Place seasoned shells into a pot with water, 1 tablespoon diced onion, and 1 tablespoon diced bell pepper. Bring to a boil; reduce to a simmer and cover. Let cook for at least 2 hours; the longer it cooks, the more flavor will be in your stock.
Meanwhile, devein shrimp by gently running a knife along the back; this will also make your shrimp plump nicely when cooking. Toss shrimp in remaining Cajun seasoning and place in the refrigerator.
Melt butter in a large pot over medium-high heat. Add flour slowly, stirring constantly with a whisk or wooden spoon. When all flour is added, continue stirring frequently until roux turns brown in color and has a nutty aroma, about 5 minutes. Add remaining onion and bell pepper; saute with roux until onion is translucent, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in tomato paste.
Stir in tomatoes, okra, and shrimp stock slowly. Add crab boil seasoning. Bring to a boil; reduce heat to a simmer and let cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, about 1 hour. Stir in shrimp and continue cooking until shrimp are bright pink but not tough, about 20 minutes.

Submitter: 
XoJoMo
Description: 
I kinda winged this recipe but it turned out great! Authentic Creole flavors and so easy to make! I used pre-cooked/Cajun-seasoned shrimp which made this gumbo with okra that much easier, but you can just use raw shrimp. Adjust the spice to make it as hot or mild as you'd like. Leftovers freeze well. Serve with rice and/or crusty French bread!
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Stews
Gumbo

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
4 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
208 calories
10
g fat
16.3
g carbohydrates
13.8
g protein
128
mg cholesterol
666
mg sodium.
