URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/278052/truffled-french-fries/
Title:
Truffled French Fries Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
6 large red potatoes, or more to taste
3 cups canola oil
2/3 cup dried cilantro
1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese
3 cloves garlic, minced, or more to taste
2 tablespoons sea salt, or more to taste
freshly ground black pepper to taste
2 1/2 tablespoons truffle oil

Directions:
Cut potatoes to desired size, but not too thick. Try to ensure fries are as close to the same size as possible.
Place fries into a microwave-safe container and microwave for 4 minutes.
Place oil into a frying pan and heat to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Place 1 to 2 handfuls of fries in the frying pan and fry until browned and soft, 4 to 5 minutes, turning and tossing frequently to cook evenly.
Preheat the oven to 225 degrees F (110 degrees C).
Drain fries in a bowl lined with a paper towel. Toss fries in the bowl to get rid of excess oil; remove paper towel.
Combine cilantro, Parmesan cheese, garlic, salt, and pepper in a bowl. Toss fries in the mixture until well mixed. Drizzle fries with truffle oil and toss again until well mixed. Transfer fries to an oven-safe container.
Bake in the preheated oven to allow truffle oil to settle and reheat fries, 5 to 7 minutes. Serve fries while hot.

Submitter: 
Mia McDonald
Description: 
During dinner at the W. Fort Lauderdale Hotel, truffled french fries came with our meal. After asking the ingredients, I came home to make them myself. A fun, very delicious, yet high caloric treat! 

Be sure to buy high quality truffle oil at an Italian or specialty market. 

My recipe calls for red potatoes, but frozen (shoestring-size) fries do cut down on time and taste almost as good.
Categories:
Side Dish
Potatoes

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
435 calories
18.6
g fat
61.1
g carbohydrates
9.1
g protein
3
mg cholesterol
1840
mg sodium.
