URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/278041/spaghetti-risottati-alle-vongole/
Title:
Spaghetti Risottati alle Vongole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7653824.jpg
Ingredients:
8 cups water
1 tablespoon salt
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
1 red Thai chile pepper, seeded and chopped
1 clove garlic, crushed
2 pounds verace clams in shell, scrubbed
3/4 cup white wine
12 ounces spaghetti
1 teaspoon lemon zest
1/2 cup chopped flat-leaf (Italian) parsley
1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper

Directions:
Bring water to a boil in a stockpot; add salt. Reduce heat to a simmer.
Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add oil, followed by chile pepper and garlic. Cook and stir gently until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Remove garlic and chile pepper; discard. Add clams to the fragrant oil.
Pour wine over the clams and cover immediately. Let simmer until clams have opened, about 7 minutes. Remove clams using a slotted spoon to a large bowl. Cover to avoid losing their steam. Discard any unopened clams.
Pour four ladles of salted water into the skillet with the juice of the clams. Bring to a boil over high heat. Add spaghetti; move around with a pasta fork to keep from sticking together. Cook, adding a ladle or two of salted water as needed to keep spaghetti barely covered, until pasta is tender yet firm to the bite, 8 to 10 minutes. Add clams and sprinkle in lemon zest. Give the skillet a hefty toss to gently mix the clams in the thickened sauce.
Divide into four pasta bowls. Cover with parsley and serve immediately with empty plates on the side for the shells while eating.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Spaghetti is cooked like a risotto in fresh clam sauce for a flavor-packed dish. A few simple ingredients can create this delicious pasta dish that will wow you. The spaghetti take in the juices of the clams using minimal water. This is one of my family's favorite pasta dishes.
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
Italian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
422 calories
8.2
g fat
65.4
g carbohydrates
12.3
g protein
3
mg cholesterol
1775
mg sodium.
