URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/278182/coffee-cake-roll/
Title:
Coffee Cake Roll Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F2020400.jpg
Ingredients:
cooking spray
3 tablespoons instant coffee granules
1 ½ cups all-purpose flour
1 cup white sugar
2 teaspoons baking powder
½ teaspoon ground cinnamon
4 medium eggs, separated
⅓ cup soy milk
½ cup powdered sugar, or as needed
1 (8 ounce) container frozen whipped topping, thawed

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray a 12x18-inch jelly roll pan with cooking spray; line with parchment paper and spray again.
Place coffee granules into a small, zip-top bag. Slide a measuring cup over, pressing firmly, to result in a fine powder. Set aside.
Combine flour, sugar, baking powder, crushed coffee granules, and cinnamon together in a medium bowl.
Combine egg yolks and soy milk in a small bowl. Beat egg whites in a metal or glass bowl until soft peaks form. Add egg yolk mixture to dry ingredients until dry and crumbly; fold in beaten egg whites. Spread into the prepared pan.
Bake in the preheated oven until cake springs back lightly when pressed in the center, 9 to 11 minutes.
While cake is baking, sprinkle powdered sugar over the area where the cake will be on a clean dish towel.
Remove the cake from the oven and immediately loosen the sides; flip onto the prepared dish towel. Peel off parchment paper. Roll cake tightly in jelly roll fashion, starting at the short side, keeping the towel as part of the rolling process. Let cool for about 1 hour.
Unwrap the cake, leaving on the towel. Spread with whipped topping. Re-roll cake gently, removing the towel as it is being rolled. Slice into 3/4- to 1-inch pieces using a serrated knife.

Submitter: 
sueb
Description: 
Jelly roll made with coffee sponge cake. Filling may be changed to suit your preferences! Original cake developed in honor of a coffee lover's birthday! If not eaten in a short time after whipped topping is added, store covered in the freezer.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
NA
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 40 mins
Number of servings: 
1 hr
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
225 calories
6.4
g fat
38.3
g carbohydrates
4
g protein
62
mg cholesterol
119
mg sodium.
