URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/278149/vegan-red-beans-and-rice/
Title:
Vegan Red Beans and Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/966409.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (16 ounce) package dry red kidney beans
3 stalks celery, chopped
1 medium onion, coarsely chopped
1 green bell pepper, chopped
6 large cloves garlic, peeled
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
2 teaspoons dried thyme
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper
8 cups water, divided
4 dashes liquid smoke flavoring
2 bay leaves
1 cup uncooked white rice
salt to taste

Directions:
Place red beans into a large container and cover with several inches of cool water; let soak, 8 hours to overnight.  Drain and rinse.
Add celery, onion, bell pepper, and garlic to a blender and process until just shy of a puree.
Add vegetable oil to a saucepan or stockpot over medium heat. Cook and stir vegetable mixture for 5 minutes. Add thyme, oregano, black pepper, cumin, and cayenne pepper. Cook, stirring regularly, for 2 minutes more.
Add 6 cups water, the beans, liquid smoke, and bay leaves. Stir to combine and turn heat up to high. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and let simmer until beans begin to fall apart, 2 to 3 hours.
Bring remaining water and rice to a boil in another saucepan. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until rice is tender and water has been absorbed, 20 to 25 minutes.
Pour most of the cooking liquid from the beans into a bowl and reserve. Remove bay leaves. Mash about 1/3 of the beans, adding as much of the reserved liquid as necessary to reach preferred thickness. Mix with the unmashed beans and season with salt. Serve beans over rice.

Submitter: 
Lauren Reese
Description: 
This is a healthier, vegetarian/vegan/Lent-friendly version of one of my favorite Creole dishes. This dish is typically made with ham hocks, so this version has less fat and salt by default. 

In Louisiana, it is traditionally served on Monday. Make it part of your weekly rotation! Allow each person at the table to add Cajun seasoning and Louisiana hot sauce to taste.
Categories:
Main Dish
Rice
Beans and Rice

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
10 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
436 calories
6.5
g fat
76
g carbohydrates
20
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
65
mg sodium.
