URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/278100/bbq-pineapple-flatbread-pizzas/
Title:
BBQ Pineapple Flatbread Pizzas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 red onion, chopped, divided
1/3 cup red wine vinegar, or as needed
4 teaspoons olive oil, divided
1 cup diced pineapple
1 green bell pepper, halved and seeded
2 (7 inch) flatbreads
1/4 cup barbeque sauce
1 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese
1/4 cup shredded fresh mozzarella cheese
2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, or to taste

Directions:
Place 1/4 of the chopped red onion in a small bowl and add vinegar to cover. Let soak to quick-pickled, about 1 hour.
Set an oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Cover a baking sheet with foil.
Heat 1 teaspoon oil in a skillet over medium heat; stir in remaining onion. Cook and stir until softened and translucent, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to low and continue cooking and stirring until onion is very tender and dark brown, about 40 minutes more. Add pineapple and cook until heated through, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat.
While onion is cooking, place green pepper cut-sides down onto the prepared baking sheet. Broil until the skin of the peppers has blackened and blistered, 5 to 8 minutes. Remove from the oven, turn off the broiler, and preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Place blackened peppers into a bowl and cover tightly with plastic wrap. Replace the aluminum foil with a fresh sheet. Allow peppers to steam as they cool, about 20 minutes. Remove and discard skins and chop into bite-sized pieces.
Brush both sides of each flatbread with the remaining olive oil and place on the prepared baking sheet. Brush with barbeque sauce and top with onion-pineapple mixture, roasted peppers, Monterey Jack cheese, mozzarella cheese, and cilantro.
Bake in the preheated oven until crust is crispy and cheese is melted, 10 to 12 minutes.

Submitter: 
davekippen
Description: 
Vegetarian spin on BBQ chicken pizza.
Categories:
Main Dish
Pizza

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
647 calories
31.1
g fat
73.6
g carbohydrates
25.1
g protein
59
mg cholesterol
945
mg sodium.
