URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/278165/vitamixr-hummus/
Title:
Vitamix® Hummus Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/571407.jpg
Ingredients:
2 (15 ounce) cans chickpeas
6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided
1 1/2 tablespoons minced garlic
1 lemon
1/3 cup tahini (sesame seed paste)
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 dash ground cumin, or more to taste

Directions:
Pour 1 can of chickpeas with its liquid into a Vitamix(R) blender. Drain the second can of chickpeas, reserving liquid. Set liquid aside and add chickpeas to the blender.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a 6- to 8-inch saute pan over medium-high heat. Add garlic and saute until just turning golden in color, about 1 minute. Immediately remove from heat and add sauteed garlic with pan oil to the blender.
Use a citrus press to squeeze juice from the lemon directly into the blender, avoiding getting seeds into mixture. Add remaining oil, tahini, salt, and cumin.
Blend thoroughly on high speed for 1 to 2 minutes. Add in desired amount of reserved chickpea liquid slowly and continue blending until desired consistency is reached, 2 to 3 minutes. To serve, scoop hummus into a flat serving bowl and spread evenly around in a circular fashion.

Submitter: 
TroyC
Description: 
This is the result of my quest for perfectly creamy and flavorful hummus. We have many Middle Eastern restaurants in metro Detroit and I've always wanted to perfect the recipe at home. The secret to ultimate creaminess with this recipe is the Vitamix® blender, which really emulsifies the mixture so it's not grainy. Using a food processor in the past, it never came out smooth. Drizzle with extra-virgin olive oil and lightly garnish with a dash of paprika or minced parsley if desired. Sprinkle toasted pine nuts on top when serving for a savory variation. Great with fresh baked pita, pretzels, or sliced vegetables.
Categories:
Everyday Cooking
Special Collections
New

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
15 m
Number of servings: 
64
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
30 calories
2
g fat
2.5
g carbohydrates
0.7
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
46
mg sodium.
