URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/278136/norwegian-potato-flatbread-lefse/
Title:
Norwegian Potato Flatbread (Lefse) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7586137.jpg
Ingredients:
1 large russet potato
1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter
1 teaspoon salt, or to taste
1 teaspoon white sugar
1/4 cup heavy cream
1 cup all-purpose flour, or as needed

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line an oven-safe skillet or baking pan with aluminum foil.
Poke the potato skin all over with a knife and place on the prepared pan.
Roast in the preheated oven until very tender and easily pierced with a knife, about 1 hour. Let sit until cool enough to handle but still very warm.
Scoop potato flesh out into a bowl. Mash smooth with the back of a spatula until there are no lumps left. You can also use a potato ricer. Add the butter and mix until it disappears. Add the salt, sugar, and cream; mix until smooth. Cover and refrigerate until chilled, about 2 hours.
Mix in flour in several additions until the dough is able to be kneaded by hand. Add enough flour to form a soft, but not too sticky, dough. You need to be able to roll it out fairly thin without it falling apart.
Wrap dough with plastic and refrigerate until chilled, about 1 hour.
Divide dough into 8 portions. Dust each with flour and roll out onto a well-floured kitchen towel to 1/8-inch thick, or thinner.
Heat a very lightly buttered nonstick pan over medium-high heat. Cook the lefse in the hot pan, poking the surface lightly with a fork, until golden brown blisters form, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Stack on a plate as they're cooked and keep covered with a towel. Serve warm.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
This is my take on Norwegian flatbread. Without really knowing what I was doing, these came out delightfully tender, supple, almost fabric-like in texture, and tasting deliciously like something between a crepe and a potato pancake. They're traditionally served with butter and a sprinkle of sugar, but I also enjoy them with some smoked salmon, sour cream, and fresh dill. My other favorite topping combo is butter and some kind of berry jam and sour cream.
Categories:
Bread
Quick Bread

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
4 h 55 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
139 calories
5.1
g fat
20.7
g carbohydrates
2.7
g protein
16
mg cholesterol
297
mg sodium.
