URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/278196/sweet-and-spicy-asian-pork-tenderloin-in-the-instant-pot/
Title:
Sweet and Spicy Asian Pork Tenderloin in the Instant Pot® Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7609228.jpg
Ingredients:
2 teaspoons smoked paprika
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1/4 teaspoon ground ginger
1/4 teaspoon white pepper
2 (1 pound) pork tenderloins, silver skins removed
1 3/4 cups chicken broth
3 tablespoons soy sauce
1 tablespoon rice vinegar
1 tablespoon avocado oil
1/2 cup no-sugar-added apricot preserves
2 tablespoons sambal oelek, or to taste
2 teaspoons grated fresh ginger
1 clove garlic, minced
1 teaspoon sesame oil
1 tablespoon cornstarch
1 teaspoon sesame seeds (optional)
1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro (optional)

Directions:
Turn on an 8-quart multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)), select Saute function, and allow to preheat.
Combine paprika, salt, ground ginger, and white pepper in a small bowl. Rub tenderloins on all sides with the mixture.
Combine chicken broth, soy sauce, and rice vinegar in a separate bowl; you should have 2 cups, the recommended amount of cooking liquid in an 8-quart pot. Check your owner's manual for recommended liquid amount for other sizes and adjust accordingly.
Pour avocado oil into the Instant Pot(R) and heat until shimmering. Add tenderloins to brown, about 2 minutes per side. Remove tenderloins to a plate, add liquid mixture to the pot, and scrape the browned bits from the bottom of the pot, stirring all together. Turn off Saute function.
Place a rack or trivet into the Instant Pot(R) and place tenderloins on the rack. Close and lock the lid and set vent to Sealing. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 1 minute. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Let pork cook until internal temperature reaches 135 to 140 degrees F (57 to 60 degrees C). Place tenderloins on a cutting board and cover with foil to rest while you make the glaze. Internal temperature should rise to 145 degrees F (63 degrees C). Remove about 3 tablespoons of cooking liquid and set aside.
Select Saute function and bring remaining cooking liquid in the pot to a boil. Allow to reduce to about 1 cup, 3 to 10 minutes, depending on how much liquid was used for the size of the pot. Add preserves, sambal oelek, grated ginger, garlic, and sesame oil; cook for about 2 minutes.
Create a slurry of the reserved 3 tablespoons cooking liquid and cornstarch in a small bowl. Continue cooking on the Saute function and add the slurry, stirring constantly until the liquid comes to a boil and thickens slightly. Pour glaze carefully into a container.
Slice the pork, drizzle with glaze, sprinkle with sesame seeds, and garnish with cilantro. Serve warm with additional glaze for dipping, if desired.

Submitter: 
Bibi
Description: 
This recipe comes together in a snap, and it all cooks in the Instant Pot®! Make a rub that will give a hint of smokiness, cook your tenderloins in a matter of minutes, then finish with a glaze for drizzling and dipping that is Asian-inspired spicy and sweet!
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
152 calories
5.2
g fat
9.8
g carbohydrates
18.5
g protein
50
mg cholesterol
872
mg sodium.
