URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/278241/tikka-chicken-jalapeno-poppers/
Title:
Tikka Chicken Jalapeno Poppers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7616848.jpg
Ingredients:
4 tablespoons plain yogurt
1 tablespoon garam masala
1 tablespoon chicken masala
1 tablespoon ground coriander
1 tablespoon ginger-garlic paste
1 1/2 teaspoons chili powder
1 teaspoon ground turmeric
salt to taste
1 1/2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
14 large jalapeno peppers
2 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese (such as Philadelphia®), softened
2 (8 ounce) packages bacon

Directions:
Combine yogurt, garam masala, chicken masala, coriander, ginger-garlic paste, chili powder, turmeric, and salt in a bowl. Set aside.
Slice chicken breasts into small strips that will fit on halved jalapenos and place into the bowl with the tikka marinade. Mix well, cover, and let sit in the refrigerator at least 30 minutes; the longer your marinade, the more of a flavor profile on the chicken.
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Place a cooling rack on top of a baking tray.
Snap off jalapeno stems by holding a pepper with one hand and pulling it off to the side. Repeat with remaining peppers. Slice all jalapenos in half lengthwise and remove all seeds and ribbing using a teaspoon, making sure not to remove white stem area.
Fill jalapeno halves with cream cheese using a teaspoon; place as much cheese as to your liking. Place a strip of tikka chicken on top of cream cheese and wrap each chicken popper halve with a slice of bacon. Place on the prepared baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until bacon is browned and crisp, about 40 minutes.

Submitter: 
Jerry Trevino
Description: 
This crowd pleaser and appetizer is a fusion meal combining elements of Indian cooking and Tex-Mex. You get the flavor profile of the tikka chicken with that of the jalapeno popper, which in turn forms a unique taste experience. This recipe yields enough for an appetizer for a backyard BBQ/tailgate gathering or as a main course in itself. In this recipe it calls for the poppers to be baked, but it is perfectly fine to be made on the BBQ pit as well.
Categories:
Appetizers and Snacks
Vegetable
Jalapeno Poppers

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
7
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
calories
fat
carbohydrates
protein
cholesterol
sodium.
