URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/278449/chimichurri-chicken-soup/
Title:
Chimichurri Chicken Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 whole chicken
4 cups chicken broth
2 cups beef broth
6 small whole tomatoes, or to taste
4 bell peppers, stemmed and seeded
1 large red onion
3 jalapeno peppers, stemmed
4 cloves garlic, or to taste
Chimichurri:
1 cup parsley, chopped, or more to taste
3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil
3 tablespoons red wine vinegar
3 tablespoons minced garlic, or to taste
3 tablespoons dried oregano
3 teaspoons ground cumin
1/2 tablespoon hot sauce (such as Tabasco®)
1/2 teaspoon salt
4 medium potatoes, peeled and chopped
4 parsnips, peeled and chopped
3 carrots, chopped
1 cup chopped cilantro
1 pinch salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Combine whole chicken, chicken broth, beef broth, tomatoes, bell peppers, red onion, jalapenos, and garlic in a large stockpot and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and let simmer until chicken can be easily pulled off the bone, 40 minutes to 1 hour
Make chimichurri while chicken is boiling. Place parsley, olive oil, vinegar, minced garlic, oregano, cumin, hot sauce, and salt in the container of a blender or food processor. Blend on medium speed until evenly combined, about 10 seconds.
Remove chicken from the broth and let cool in a separate bowl. Fill blender halfway with stock. Cover and hold lid down with a potholder; pulse a few times before leaving on to blend. Pour back into pot. Repeat with remaining stock.
Return stock to the heat and add potatoes, parsnips, carrots, and cilantro. Simmer until vegetables are tender, 25 to 30 minutes.
Pull chicken meat off the bones and add to the soup. Stir in 1/4 to 1/2 cup chimichurri. Season with salt and freshly ground pepper.

Submitter: 
MitchJGray
Description: 
This recipe is an original creation - looking for a new twist on chicken soup or tortilla soup. May be served with a streak of creme fraiche, cilantro, or fresh jalapeno as garnishes.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Chicken Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
415 calories
23.5
g fat
30.2
g carbohydrates
21.6
g protein
70
mg cholesterol
726
mg sodium.
