URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/278618/chef-johns-apple-dumplings/
Title:
Chef John's Apple Dumplings Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7694025.jpg
Ingredients:
1 teaspoon butter, or as needed
For the Sauce:
1 1/2 cups packed light brown sugar
3 tablespoons butter
1 cup cold water
For the Apples:
3 tablespoons white sugar
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
4 small Honeycrisp apples
1 recipe prepared pie crust dough
4 teaspoons butter

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Butter a baking dish.
Combine brown sugar, 3 tablespoons butter, and water in a small pot over medium-high heat. Bring to a boil, stirring occasionally, and boil until all sugar is dissolved. Turn off heat and swirl pot gently to combine. Reserve sauce until needed.
Stir sugar and cinnamon together in a small bowl. Core the unpeeled apples.
Divide pie dough into 4 portions. Roll out on a lightly floured surface into 4 circles about 1/8-inch thick and 7 inches in diameter, or large enough to fully wrap an apple.
Place apples in the center of each round of dough. Spoon about 3 teaspoons of cinnamon sugar into the apple cores; fill each hole with a teaspoon of butter.
Wrap each apple up in pie dough, sealing the dough together at the top. Be careful not to pull and stretch it too tightly around the apple as you wrap, or it might break apart when it bakes; brush lightly with water if dough won't stick together. Even out the top and trim off any excess; shape into decorative leaves if desired.
Place wrapped apples seam-side up into the buttered baking dish. Ladle some sauce over each to cover completely.
Bake in the preheated oven, basting with sauce occasionally, until pastry is browned and cooked through and apples are tender, 50 to 60 minutes. Remove from the oven and baste with more sauce. Serve warm.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
This is one of America's oldest desserts. The flavor profile is almost identical to an apple pie, but instead of having a bunch of slices about, we have one beautifully roasted, tender, sweet apple inside--which while still covered in the same crust we use for a pie, is far superior because we basted and baked it with a sugar sauce. I highly recommend these get served with a scoop of vanilla ice cream.
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Apple Desserts

Number of ratings:
7 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.85714292526245
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
545 calories
25.4
g fat
78.1
g carbohydrates
3.7
g protein
18
mg cholesterol
350
mg sodium.
