URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/278633/instant-pot-risotto-alla-milanese/
Title:
Instant Pot® Risotto alla Milanese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7674256.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cups low-sodium chicken broth
2 pinches saffron
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 cup finely diced onion
1/4 cup dry white wine
1 1/2 cups Arborio rice
3 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese, plus more for serving
1 tablespoon butter (optional)

Directions:
Heat chicken broth in a sauce pan over low heat. Add saffron threads and simmer without boiling.
Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) and select Saute function. Add oil and allow to get hot. Stir in onion and cook until soft and translucent, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in rice and saute, stirring frequently, for 2 minutes. Deglaze with white wine and allow to reduce by half. Pour hot broth and saffron mixture into the Instant Pot(R) and stir to combine. Close and lock the lid.
Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 6 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method in short bursts according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Stir in Parmesan cheese and butter and allow to sit for 3 minutes before serving. Top each serving with additional Parmesan cheese, if desired.

Submitter: 
Bren
Description: 
This recipe dates back to the 1500s and originates in Milan. Typically there are very few ingredients in this dish, resulting in a risotto that is deep yellow with a delicate flavor. I've changed the ingredients to suit modern cooks; originally beef marrow was used, something that is difficult to find. This recipe makes six, very large servings.   It does not reheat well.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
calories
fat
carbohydrates
protein
cholesterol
sodium.
