URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/279544/honey-mustard-roast-chicken/
Title:
Honey Mustard Roast Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/7891656.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup yellow mustard
1/4 cup honey
1/4 cup seasoned rice wine vinegar
2 teaspoons Sriracha
1 teaspoon smoked paprika
1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
3 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more as needed
1 (4.5 pound) whole chicken
1/4 cup chicken stock, or as needed
2 tablespoons chopped green onions, or to taste (optional)

Directions:
Mix mustard, honey, vinegar, Sriracha, paprika, pepper, and salt in a very large bowl until combined.
Place chicken, breast-side down, on a work surface. Starting at the tailbone, cut along either side of the backbone with scissors or a knife, cutting as close to the bone as possible. Discard the backbone and trim any excess fat or skin from the chicken.
Find the cartilage where the wishbone comes together and forms a "v" and make 1 shallow cut with a knife through the cartilage. Press down on either side to flatten the chicken and expose the breastbone, making another cut in the cartilage if necessary. Run your fingers along the breastbone until the rest of the cartilage pulls away. Make a few shallow cuts into the legs, thighs, and wings to ensure even cooking.
Transfer chicken into the bowl of marinade and toss until well coated. Marinate, breast-side down, in the refrigerator, 4 to 12 hours.
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a rimmed baking sheet with aluminum foil.
Transfer chicken, skin-side up, to the prepared baking sheet. Season with salt. Reserve marinade for basting.
Cook in the center of the preheated oven until chicken starts to darken in spots, 35 to 40 minutes.
While the chicken is roasting, transfer excess marinade into a small saucepan. Add chicken stock to thin the sauce a bit and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat.
Baste chicken with sauce and continue to roast, basting again if desired, until no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, about 15 minutes more. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh, near the bone, should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Remove chicken from the oven and brush any rendered fat and accumulated juices from the pan onto the chicken.
Transfer chicken to a serving platter and garnish with green onions. Slice and serve, spooning any remaining sauce over top.

Submitter: 
Chef John
Description: 
Here's a delicious recipe for roast chicken using one of my all-time favorite poultry techniques…spatchcocking! This method of cooking allows the chicken to sit flat as it roasts, ensuring that everything cooks evenly so the breast meat ends up just as juicy and succulent as the dark meat. The honey mustard marinade adds incredible flavor and works overtime as a sweet and tangy basting and serving sauce. Serve with roasted potatoes and Brussels sprouts, if desired.
Categories:
Meat and Poultry
Chicken
Whole Chicken

Number of ratings:
19 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.78947353363037
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
5 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
637 calories
22.7
g fat
20.3
g carbohydrates
84.8
g protein
256
mg cholesterol
2200
mg sodium.
