URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/27951270/tinas-ham-and-gravy/
Title:
Tina's Ham and Gravy Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Hillshire 1/2 ham, shank or butt
2 cans of cola (not diet)
1/2 cup honey
1 cup brown sugar
1 can chunk pineapple
1 tbsp. vegetable boullion (Better Than Bouillon brand)
3 tbsp. chicken boullion (Better Than Boullion brand)
1 1/2 tsp. browning sauce
water
cornstarch

Directions:
Place ham in roaster.
Slice 1/8 inch deep on all skin with knife in both diagonal and horizontal directions.
Mix 1 tsp. browning sauce, 1 tbsp vegetable boullion, 2 tbsp chicken boullion with water water in bowl.
After dissolved, pour over ham.
Pour 1/2 can of pineapple and juice over the ham retaining 1/2 for later.
Pat brown sugar onto ham.
Drizzle honey over ham.
Cover and bake at 375F. for 1 hour.
Check liquid level, add water if necessary. Turn over down to 300F. Bake for 1 1/2 hours.
Remove from oven.
Drain juice into pot, leaving small amount in roaster.
Add water, browning sauce and small amount of both boullions to roaster to ensure enough liquid for remaining cooking time.
Return ham to oven and bake at 275F for another 1 1/2 hours depending on weight of ham. Careful! check inner temp of ham, you might not need to bake it any longer!
Prepare gravy, the best part of the meal!
Remove fat from drippings by either letting it cool, then put in about 24 ice cubes and let stand for about 5 min.  Spoon out lard and cubes. Or, use a gravy/fat seperator.
Mix 5 tbsp cornstarch in cold water in cup. Re-warm juice on med-high adding cornstarch mixture and stirring constantly.  After gravy has thickened (5-10 minutes).  Taste.  If necessary add small amounts of chicken boullion to taste. Add brown sauce to darken as desired.  Gravy should taste sweet, yet have a distant ham flavor.  Simmer on lowest heat stirring occasionally and adding water if necessary.
Remove ham from oven to counter after baking is done.  Pour remaining pineapple over ham.
Let stand 10-15 minutes on counter.
Carve and serve with steaming gravy.

Submitter: 
Sue
Description: 
Moist, tender ham that makes the most incredible gravy.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
