URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/30516/tipsy-chicken/
Title:
Tipsy Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/794272.jpg
Ingredients:
6 cups water
2 cups beer
⅛ cup salt
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon onion powder
1 (3 pound) whole chicken
hickory or mesquite wood chips
2 tablespoons ground cumin
2 tablespoons curry powder
2 tablespoons chili powder, divided
1 tablespoon pepper
1 teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon paprika
½ teaspoon cayenne pepper

Directions:
Combine brine ingredients - water, beer, 1/8 cup salt, garlic powder, and onion powder -  in a large container, one that is large enough to hold the brine and the chicken. Soak whole chicken in brine for 1 hour.
Soak wood chips in water for 1 hour.
Preheat grill for indirect cooking method. Place wood chips over coals when ready to cook.
In a small bowl, combine cumin, curry, chili powder, pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, paprika, and cayenne pepper. Rub chicken inside and out with spice mixture.
Place chicken on grill, breast side down. Close lid, and cook for 30 minutes.  Turn over, and cook for an additional 25 minutes, or until juices run clear and temperature is 185 degrees in the thickest part of the chicken. Keep the lid closed while cooking for even cooking, and to get more of that smoky flavor.

Submitter: 
MNILES
Description: 
This recipe is a completely redesigned recipe from Beer Can Chicken, sometimes called Drunken Chicken. Beer Can Chicken is used with whole chicken and the beer adds a wonderful flavour, but not a beer flavour. It's hard to describe, but beer seems to enhance the flavor of the spices, and help the other spices permeate deep into the chicken. The alcohol is cooked out, so no worries about intoxication. The problem with Beer Can Chicken is that you can't use it with chicken pieces, only whole chicken; this recipe can be used for chicken pieces. Works well broiled or baked too!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
28 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.54
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
2 hrs 10 mins
Number of servings: 
1 hr
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
415 calories
26.6
g fat
6
g carbohydrates
32.9
g protein
128
mg cholesterol
442
mg sodium.
