URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/31025859/jacys-perfection-pizza-dough-and-sauce/
Title:
Jacy's Perfection Pizza Dough and Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
400g bread flour
100g fine ground semolina flour
1/2 TBS fine sea salt
1×7g sachet of dried yeast
1 TBS caster sugar/granulated sugar
approx 325 mL lukewarm water
your choice of pizza toppings, for example: fresh buffalo mozzarella, grated pecorino cheese, basil, anchovies, olives, red peppers, mushrooms, pepperoni, sopressa, ham etc (just keep it simple)
JACY'S PERFECTION PIZZA SAUCE
2 TBS extra virgin olive oil
3 finely chopped cloves garlic
5 anchovy fillets, finely chopped
1 x 400g can of diced tomatoes
1 bay leaf
2 TBS tomato paste
1 TBS sugar
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
TOMATO SAUCE:- Finely slice or crush garlic. Pour olive oil into a cold fry pan and slowly heat garlic through until fragrant on medium heat.
Place chopped anchovies into the oil and stir to dissolve. They are essential to get the perfect depth of flavour.
Pour diced, tinned tomatoes into the fry pan and stir through.
Pour in tomato paste, salt, pepper, sugar and bay leaf, and stir through.
Bring contents of pan up to a simmer, cover, and cook on low heat for at least 1 hour. The longer it cooks, the better it will taste. Add a touch of water if sauce begins to thicken too much.
Allow to cool to room temperature before using on your pizzas.
PREPARING PIZZA PAN:- Use either a professional pizza stone, or even better - a large, clean terracotta pot plant base! This should be cleaned simply with a steel wool and water - no detergent, as it will soak into the terracotta, and you don't want soapy pizza! Leave to air-dry.
Place terracotta tile or pizza stone on the lowest rack in your cold oven, then turn oven up to 250°C/500°F/gas 9. It is extremely important that the terracotta tile be piping hot to get the perfect result.
THE DOUGH:- In a large mixing bowl, combine bread flour, semolina and salt. Make a well in the centre.
Add yeast and sugar to the warm water, mix with a fork and leave until it becomes frothy. Pour yeast and water mixture into the well.
With a fork, stir in circular motion to slowly incorporate flour with yeast mixture. Continue until it becomes too hard to continue with a fork.
Pour your dough mixture out onto a floured bench top, and knead with hands. Knead for 10 minutes until dough feels elastic, yet smooth and soft.
Dust dough with flour and place in bowl, covering with cling film. Leave dough to rest for 15 mins at room temperature.
Divide the dough into as many balls as you want bases. This recipe should make enough for 6 - 8 small pizzas. Sprinkle work surface with flour or finely ground semolina, and roll out each ball to a thin base.
Ensure all your pizza toppings are prepared and sliced the way you like them when you are ready to assemble.
When you are ready to cook your pizza, remove your piping hot terracotta tile from the oven, place pizza base on top. It will begin to cook instantly and crisp up, and it will not stick (do not add oil to your terracotta tile).
Quickly return your completed pizza to the hot oven, ensuring it is on the lowest rack, and cook for 7 - 10 minutes until golden brown.

Submitter: 
XjacyX
Description: 

Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 1/2 - 2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
