URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/31026125/jacys-middle-eastern-fava-bean-stew/
Title:
Jacy's Middle-Eastern Fava Bean Stew Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 TBS olive oil
1 medium onion, finely chopped
2 cloves garlic finely chopped
4 anchovy fillets
2 cups of diced butternut squash/pumpkin
2 carrots, finely chopped
Half large red bell pepper, diced
1 CUP frozen peas
2 CUPS vegetable stock OR 2 cups boiling water with 2 large spoons of powdered vegetable stock
2 x 420g cans of fava beans, drained
1 x 400g can of diced tomatoes
2 TBS Tomato paste
2 TBS Harissa paste (see recipe below)
2 bay leaves
1 TBS dark brown or brown sugar
3 TBS pomegranate molasses
1 CUP finely chopped parsley
Handful fresh chopped mint (optional)
salt to taste
HARISSA PASTE
1 tsp coriander seeds
1 tsp caraway seeds
½ tsp cumin seeds
2 cloves garlic
Pinch course sea salt
2 TBS sweet paprika
2 TBS dried chilli flakes
Extra Virgin Olive oil (enough to make a paste, about 2 TBS)

Directions:
In a cold saucepan, pour in oil and finely chopped onions and garlic. Sweat these on a low heat until the onions appear translucent.
Chop the anchovies roughly, and place in the pan with the onions. Chop the anchovies further with a wooden spoon and they will begin to dissolve with the heat. Stir into the onions and garlic.
Stir in chopped butternut squash, carrots, bell pepper and frozen peas. Add pinch of salt. Saute for 5 minutes before adding the stock. Bring to a simmer on medium heat.
Pour in drained fava beans, diced tinned tomatoes, tomato paste, bay leaves and Harissa. Stir to combine. Mixture should be bubbling now on medium heat.
Finally, stir in dark brown sugar to cut the acidity of tomatoes, and stir in pomegranate molasses.
Turn down to low heat and let cook for 1 and a half hours. The longer it cooks, the deeper the flavours will get. That is the secret to this divine stew.
At the end of cooking time, stir in chopped parsley to add colour and freshness. You might also like to add chopped mint.
Serve with steamed basmati rice, couscous, or steamed burghul (cracked wheat).
HARISSA PASTE: In a dry frying pan on high heat, pour in whole coriander seeds, caraway seeds and cumin seeds. Dry fry until spices become fragrant (about 2-3mins). Pour seeds into a mortar and pestle and grind to a fine powder. Add course sea salt and two garlic cloves and continue to crush and combine the ingredients. Pour in paprika and chilli flakes and grind until all ingredients combined. You will notice that the mixture is quite dry and crumbly in texture. Add extra Virgin Olive oil (about 2 TBS), until you have a thick paste. This recipe makes the perfect quantity for the recipe above. You may add one tablespoon of chilli flakes if you don’t like things VERY HOT.

Submitter: 
XjacyX
Description: 

Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
