URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/31272/green-tomato-pickles/
Title:
Green Tomato Pickles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/53023.jpg
Ingredients:
1 gallon green tomatoes, thinly sliced
6 large onions, thinly sliced
1/2 cup salt
1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns
1 tablespoon whole cloves
1 tablespoon whole allspice berries
1 tablespoon celery seeds
1 tablespoon mustard seed
1 tablespoon ground mustard
3 cups distilled white vinegar
3 cups brown sugar
1/2 lemon, sliced
2 red bell peppers, minced
1 red bell pepper, thinly sliced

Directions:
In a large ceramic bowl or crock, combine green tomatoes and onions. Sprinkle with salt. Refrigerate overnight.
Pour cold water over tomatoes and onions, and let stand for 1 hour. Place peppercorns, cloves, allspice berries, mustard seeds, and ground mustard in a small cheesecloth bag.
Drain tomatoes and onions.
In a large pot, stir together vinegar and sugar, and then add the tomatoes and onions, the cheesecloth bag with spices, the sliced lemon, and minced red pepper. Bring to a low boil, and then simmer over low heat for 30 minutes. Check frequently; you may need to pull the pot off of the heat occasionally to prevent scorching. Discard spice bag.
Fill sterilized jars with tomato mixture, leaving 1/2 inch headspace. Garnish with thin strips of red pepper arrange vertically along the sides of the jars. Screw on lids, and process in a boiling water bath for 15 minutes. Remove jars and let jars cool completely. Refrigerate any that haven't sealed completely. Store sealed jars in a cool dark place.

Submitter: 
QUICKIEP
Description: 
Great use for green tomatoes! Do not use cold-damaged or bruised tomatoes in this recipe.
Categories:
Side Dish
Sauces and Condiments
Canning and Preserving
Pickled

Number of ratings:
10 Ratings
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
11 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
32
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
117 calories
0.5
g fat
28.1
g carbohydrates
1.6
g protein
0
mg cholesterol
18
mg sodium.
