URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/33508138/nanaimo-bars/
Title:
Nanaimo Bars Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Ingredients =-
2 1/2 cups Semisweet chocolate chips; divided,
1 cup butter; divided,
1 cup margarine; divided,
3/4 cup sugar,
1 teaspoon vanilla,
2 eggs,
4 cups graham cracker crumbs,
1 cup chopped walnuts,
2 cups coconut flakes,
5 cups powdered sugar,
1/2 cup vanilla cooked type pudding mix,
2 tablespoons milk,
2 tablespoons butter. -= I

Directions:
nstructions =- CRUST: Melt 1 cup chocolate chips, 1/2 cup butter, 1/2 cup margarine and sugar over hot water or in the microwave until smooth. Add vanilla and eggs, mix well. Combine graham cracker crumbs, nuts and coconut in a large bowl. Add chocolate mixture and mix well. Press mixture evenly into a 9 x 13" pan lined with heavy duty foil. Set aside. FILLING: Combine 1/2 cup butter, 1/2 cup margarine, powdered sugar and dry pudding mix in large bowl and mix with mixer until crumbly. Slowly add 1-2 tablespoons milk until it comes together like frosting. Beat until light and fluffy. Spread evenly over crust in pan. Let set in refrigerator. TOPPING: Melt 1 1/2 cups chocolate chips and 2 tablespoons butter over hot water or in the microwave until smooth. Spread over chilled filling layer, let set. Lift out foil, cut into 1 x 1 1/2" bars. Makes 64 bars. Very rich! NOTES : For variety, you can use french vanilla or chocolate pudding or add different flavorings to the filling. Try using irish cream liquor or Kalhua instead of milk in the filling!

Submitter: 
sueb
Description: 
whodunitrdr
	
whodunitrdr
Jun. 3, 2008 10:40 AM
I usually line my pan with foil, then lift out and cut. Also, cut them with a large knife that you dip in hot water, then quickly dry - they cut more neatly with less cracking. I will post my recipe, which is a little different. I got this version when I worked in a bakery and it has always come out great. I came up with the variations, tho - the Irish cream one is really good (but probably not for the kiddos). You can divide the recipe in half and make in an 8 inch square pan, but why would you? ;) Nanaimo Bars Serving Size: 64 -=
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
