URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/35426/cantonese-style-lobster/
Title:
Cantonese Style Lobster Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1893944.jpg
Ingredients:
2 small (1 pound) fresh live lobsters
1/3 cup peanut oil, divided
1 clove garlic, crushed
1 slice fresh ginger root, minced
6 ounces lean ground pork
1 cup chicken broth
1 tablespoon cooking sherry
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1 tablespoon cornstarch
1 teaspoon brown sugar
2 eggs, beaten
3 green onions, chopped

Directions:
Rinse the lobster, and hold it belly up. At the bottom of the tail, there is a small opening, stick a long skewer in it to drain any urine left in its' body, then crack the tail off, chop the tail into small pieces, and crack the claws in half as well. If you know how to eat the body of the lobster, cut it up and throw it on the pile too.
Heat half of the peanut oil in a deep heavy skillet over medium heat. Add the crushed garlic, and fry for about 1 minute. Throw in the lobster pieces, and fry until they are cooked through, about 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the lobster and garlic mixture to a dish and keep warm.
Heat the remaining oil in the skillet. Add the minced ginger and pork, and fry until the pork is no longer pink. Pour in the chicken broth, and bring to a boil, stirring constantly. In a small bowl, mix together the sherry, soy sauce, cornstarch and brown sugar until well blended. Add the sherry mixture to the pan, and stir-fry for a minute or two, until the sauce becomes thick and somewhat clear.
Stir in the green onions, and turn the heat off. Drizzle the beaten eggs over the mixture in the pan, and stir until the eggs are in little pieces. Finally, return the lobster to the pan, and cook over low heat for a few minutes to blend the flavors. Transfer to a serving dish, and let stand, covered, for a few minutes before serving. Eat with steamed rice and enjoy, cause you worked hard!

Submitter: 
ALISON419
Description: 
This stuff is so, so good! My grandma, who is Chinese, makes this every time I go to see her, ever since I was little. I love this stuff!
Categories:
World Cuisine
Asian
Chinese

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.94736862182617
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
538 calories
31.7
g fat
6.6
g carbohydrates
53.8
g protein
341
mg cholesterol
1221
mg sodium.
