URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/35651/scot-hibbs-killer-culinary-meal-loaf/
Title:
Scot Hibb's Killer Culinary Meal Loaf Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/772427.jpg
Ingredients:
5 carrots, peeled and sliced into 1 inch pieces
1 large potato - peeled and cubed
1 large white onion, sliced into wedges
3 stalks celery, cut into 2 inch pieces
1 large green bell pepper, seeded and cut into strips
4 cloves garlic, peeled
4 eggs
2 tablespoons tomato paste
3 tablespoons Dijon-style prepared mustard
2 pounds extra-lean ground beef
1 teaspoon dried thyme
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon dried rosemary
2 teaspoons cayenne pepper
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon salt

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees C (165 degrees C).
Place carrots, potato, celery, pepper, and garlic into a food processor, and puree to a wet paste. Add eggs, mustard, and tomato paste, and process for another few seconds.
Place the ground beef in a large mixing bowl, and add pureed vegetable mixture, thyme, basil, rosemary, cayenne pepper, and salt and pepper.  Knead together until thoroughly mixed.  Form into two loaves,  and place in a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Bake for 50 to 60 minutes, or until done.  Allow to cool for 10 minutes before slicing. You can also press the meat into bread pans to cook.

Submitter: 
Scott David Hibbard
Description: 
This meat loaf is so moist and full of flavor; you won't want to even call it meat loaf. I had this idea one day when I didn't want to add bread crumbs. Anyway, if you make this you won't be sorry. It's got tons of veggies, but the kids will never know it. It's so juicy, and you can add so many different things to make it more interesting.  Add two cups bread crumbs and a cup of BBQ sauce for another tasty variation. I've also added shredded Cheddar cheese and Monterey Jack cheese to the meat to make it like a cheeseburger! I've also just made this with onions, carrots, and A-1 sauce (that's the way I like it best).
Categories:
Main Dish
Meatloaf
Beef Meatloaf

Number of ratings:
16 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.5625
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
calories
fat
carbohydrates
protein
cholesterol
sodium.
