URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/35822/paradise-of-chocolate/
Title:
Paradise of Chocolate Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
14 (1 ounce) squares unsweetened baking chocolate
10 tablespoons margarine, softened
3/4 cup confectioners' sugar
6 egg yolks
6 egg whites
1/2 cup white sugar
1 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon active dry yeast
1 cup apricot jelly

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place a circle of parchment paper into the bottom of a 10 inch pan for easy removal.
Break the chocolate into pieces, and melt it in a metal bowl over simmering water. Stir frequently until melted. Remove from heat, and set aside to cool - don't let it harden.
In a medium bowl, cream together the confectioners' sugar and margarine until light and fluffy. Mix the 6 egg yolks into the chocolate until well blended, then stir the chocolate mixture into the sugar mixture.
In a large clean glass bowl, whip the egg whites to soft peaks. Gradually pour in the white sugar while continuing to whip the egg whites to stiff peaks. Combine the flour and yeast, and fold them into the egg whites. Fold in the chocolate mixture. Spread the batter evenly into the prepared 10 inch round cake pan.
Bake for 1 hour in the preheated oven, or until the top of the cake springs back when lightly touched. Allow cake to cool completely before removing from pan.
Split the cake in half horizontally and place the top of the cake onto a serving plate. Spread 2/3 of the apricot jelly onto that layer, then flip the bottom layer, flat side up, and place on top of the other one. Spread remaining jelly over the top.

Submitter: 
Ely and Lia
Description: 
This is a delicious Portuguese chocolate cake that everyone likes! It has a light texture from whipped egg whites and yeast. It is sliced into two layers, and spread with an apricot jam.
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
Portuguese

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
2.25
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
532 calories
34
g fat
62
g carbohydrates
10.6
g protein
123
mg cholesterol
185
mg sodium.
