URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/36348893/marys-beer-can-chicken/
Title:
Mary's Beer Can Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/459892.jpg
Ingredients:
1	2 ½ -4 pound hen
2	tablespoons Mary’s chicken spice rub
1	can beer (any kind)
2	sprigs fresh rosemary (about 4-5 inches long)
2	sprigs fresh thyme
3      fresh sage leaves
1	medium onion, slice half into 1 inch slices, set the other half aside
1	large clove garlic, crushed
Olive oil
1	32 ounce container chicken stock
1-2	teaspoons chicken base
1/8	to ¼ cup cornstarch
Enough water to make a slurry

Directions:
Directions
1.	Preheat oven to 425 F.  Rinse chicken and pat dry.  Set aside.  Open beer can pour half out (either into a glass and drink it, or into the sink.  Place beer can into holder if you have one.  Add slices of onion, rosemary thyme, a couple large sage leaves, and garlic clove. Set on baking sheet or in roasting pan.  Set aside.
2.	Rinse the chicken with cold water and pat dry with paper towels.  Drizzle enough olive oil over the chicken to lightly cover the skin (should only take about 2 tablespoons or less.  Smooth oil over skin with your hands.  Season inside and out with plenty of the chicken rub, and set on beer can holder.
3.	Open the top of the chicken and look at the opening in the neck.  Cut the other half of the onion to fit that hole and push it down into the hole to plug it.  Pull the skin back over top of the onion (if there is enough skin to do so).  This will keep the steam and seasonings into the cavity.  Put chicken into oven.  After 1st hour turn oven down to 350 F.  and cook an additional 1 to 1 ½ or up to 2 hours.
4.	Remove  chicken from oven and tent with foil and let rest for at least 15 minutes.  Remove beer can from chicken; move chicken plate to be sliced.
5.	Scrape drippings from roasting pan into a saucepan.  Over medium high heat add about ½ of the chicken stock into the pan.  Add seasonings and chicken base to taste.  Bring to a boil.  Stirring constantly slowly add cornstarch and water mixture a little at a time until chicken mixture  is as thick as you like.

Submitter: 
Semigourmet
Description: 
Crispy Skinned, juicy, flavorful chicken. freezes well.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
2 to 2 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
