URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/36351411/crispy-oven-fried-chicken/
Title:
Crispy Oven Fried Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Chicken
4	bone in skin on, chicken thighs
2	to 4 cups buttermilk
1	tablespoon Mary’s Roasted Chicken Rub
Breading
½	cup all purpose flour
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
4	cups cornflakes
2/3	cup buttermilk
2	tablespoons Dijon mustard
1	teaspoon oregano
1 ½	teaspoons parsley
2	teaspoons ground thyme
2	teaspoons paprika
2	teaspoon ground sage
2	teaspoons onion powder
2	teaspoons garlic powder
2	teaspoons black pepper
½	teaspoon salt
1/8	teaspoon ground red pepper (optional)

Directions:
1.	Preheat oven to 425 degrees.  Place a cake cooling rack in a roasting pan or on a baking sheet.
2.	In a wide bowl or on a plate, season the flour with ½ teaspoon of all the seasonings you seasonings listed.  Dredge each chicken piece through the flour so it’s fully coated, tap against the bowl to shake off excess flour and set aside.  Discard the flour.
3.	Crush the cornflakes by placing them in either a food processor or mini prep, and pulsing a few times until the resemble bread crumbs or panko crumbs. or in a gallon size resealable plastic bag (with as little air inside the bag as possible) and run over the flakes with a rolling pin.  Open bag and pour the crushed flakes into wide bowl or onto a plate.  Season cereal with 1 teaspoon of each of the seasonings listed.
4.	In a large bowl (big enough to dredge the chicken pieces), mix the buttermilk, mustard, cayenne, hot sauce,  pepper, paprika and sage.  Give each flavored chicken piece a good buttermilk bath and then roll in the cornflake crumbs.
5.	Arrange the chicken pieces on the rack and place in the hot oven.  Cook for 15 to 20 minutes, lower the heat to 375 degrees and cook for another 25 to 30 minutes, until cooked through and crispy.  Check for doneness.

Submitter: 
Semigourmet
Description: 
This oven baked version of fried chicken tastes pretty close to KFC.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
overnight
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
