URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/36668/hoisin-beef-with-shiitake-mushroom-sauce/
Title:
Hoisin Beef with Shiitake Mushroom Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/981259.jpg
Ingredients:
2 (4 ounce) beef tenderloin steaks (1 inch thick)
1 1/2 tablespoons hoisin sauce
1 tablespoon dry white wine
1 teaspoon minced peeled fresh ginger
2 cloves garlic, minced and divided
1 1/2 cups water
1 (.5 ounce) package dried shiitake mushrooms (about 1/2 cup)
cooking spray
1 teaspoon dark sesame oil
2/3 cup sliced green onions
2 cups hot cooked long-grain rice

Directions:
Trim fat from steaks. Combine hoisin sauce, wine, ginger, and 1 garlic clove in a shallow dish. Add the steaks; cover and marinate in refrigerator 2 hours, turning steaks occasionally.
Combine water and mushrooms in a saucepan; bring to a boil. Remove from heat; cover and let stand 30 minutes. Remove mushrooms from pan with a slotted spoon, reserving liquid. Discard mushroom stems; cut caps into quarters, and set aside. Bring mushroom liquid to a boil; cook until reduced to 1/3 cup (about 5 minutes). Remove from heat. Remove steaks from marinade; add marinade to reduced mushroom liquid; set aside.
Prepare grill or broiler.
Place steaks on grill rack or broiler pan coated with cooking spray; cook 6 minutes on each side or until desired degree of doneness. Set aside and keep warm.
Heat the sesame oil in a nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms, green onions, and 1 garlic clove; saute 2 minutes. Add marinade mixture, and cook 2 minutes.
Cut the steaks diagonally across grain into thin slices. Arrange steak on each of 2 plates, and top with mushroom sauce. Serve with cooked rice.

Submitter: 
Cooking Light magazine
Description: 
Shiitake mushrooms, often described as having a steak-like taste, complement the tenderloins seamlessly.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
9 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.77777767181396
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
