URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/37227/stuffed-chicken-breasts-with-sweet-and-sour-tomato-sauce/
Title:
Stuffed Chicken Breasts with Sweet-and-Sour Tomato Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/976159.jpg
Ingredients:
1 small onion, chopped
4 tablespoons olive oil, divided
1 cup chopped walnuts
2 garlic cloves, chopped
2 tablespoons tomato paste
1/4 cup firmly packed brown sugar
2 cups chicken broth
1/4 cup balsamic vinegar
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon pepper
1/2 teaspoon saffron
6 skinned and boned chicken breast halves
1 McIntosh apple, chopped
1 cup cooked country ham, chopped
1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme

Directions:
SAUTE onion in 2 tablespoons hot olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat 8 to 10 minutes or until tender. Add walnuts and garlic; cook, stirring constantly, 2 minutes. Stir in tomato paste, and cook, stirring often, 5 minutes.
ADD brown sugar and next 5 ingredients. Reduce heat, and simmer, stirring often, 30 minutes or until thickened; cool slightly.
PULSE mixture in a blender or food processor 3 or 4 times or until smooth; keep warm.
PLACE chicken between 2 sheets of heavy-duty plastic wrap, and flatten to 1/4-inch thickness using a meat mallet or rolling pin.
TOSS together apple, ham, and thyme. Spoon 1 heaping tablespoon of apple mixture onto each chicken breast; roll up, securing with wooden picks.
HEAT remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat; add chicken, and cook 2 minutes on each side. Reduce heat; cover and cook 7 to 10 minutes or until done. Drizzle with sauce. Garnish, if desired.

Submitter: 
Southern Living magazine
Description: 
This tasty chicken recipe gets a boost from a stuffing of fresh herbs, diced ham, and McIntosh apple, along with an interesting Persian-inspired sauce. Garnish this flavorful chicken with fresh thyme and basil sprigs.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
12 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.25
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
