URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/38192944/autumn-risotto-with-apples-pancetta-and-sage/
Title:
Autumn Risotto With Apples, Pancetta And Sage Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Risotto:
3 1/2 cups regular or low-sodium vegetable broth
2 teaspoons butter
2 teaspoons olive oil
1 large shallot, finely diced
1 cup arborio rice
1/2 cup dry white wine
Apples And Pancetta:
1 teaspoon butter
1/4 pound pancetta, diced
1 large crisp apple, such as gala or fuji, thinly sliced
Lemon juice for sprinkling apple slices
1/4 cup toasted walnuts, chopped
1/4 cup gorgonzola cheese, crumbled
1 tablespoon thinly sliced fresh sage
1 tablespoon butter
Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste

Directions:
In a large saucepan over medium heat, add broth and bring to a simmer.
For the risotto, heat butter and olive oil in a wide, shallow, heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium heat.
Add diced shallots and saute 3 minutes, or until tender and translucent.
Add the rice and toast for 1 to 2 minutes, or until slightly translucent.
Add the wine and stir until it has evaporated.
Cook the risotto at a slow simmer, adding heated broth a half-cup at a time. Stir occasionally, making sure the risotto absorbs the liquid before adding more. Use more or less broth as needed.
Continue cooking in this manner for 18 to 20 minutes. Taste the risotto — it should be creamy and thick. It's best al dente, which means it should be fully cooked, yet still retain some firmness when you chew it.
After about 8 minutes of cooking the risotto, place a large skillet over medium heat and melt 1 teaspoon of butter.
Add diced pancetta and cook until crisp, about 2 minutes.
Add apple slices (that have been sprinkled with lemon juice) and saute 3 to 4 minutes, or until golden and tender. Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Add to the risotto and stir until well-combined.
When the risotto is nearly finished, stir in the toasted walnuts, crumbled cheese and fresh sage.
Turn off heat, stir in 1 tablespoon of butter, and season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Serve risotto on warm plates and garnish with additional walnuts, cheese and sage, if desired. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Milly Suazo-Martinez
Description: 
Apples, one of autumn's most beloved fruits, star in this hearty risotto. Sweet, crisp apples are complemented by salty pancetta, savory sage and earthy toasted walnuts for a satisfyingly textured and flavorful risotto.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
