URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/38192748/pumpkin-pie-risotto-with-candied-pecans/
Title:
Pumpkin Pie Risotto With Candied Pecans Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup arborio rice
2 cups water
2 cups whole milk
3/4 cup brown sugar
1 heaping teaspoon pumpkin pie spice
3/4 cup canned pure pumpkin
1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract
Candied Pecans:
1/4 cup pecan halves
1/8 cup granulated sugar
Whipped cream:
1/2 cup cold heavy whipping cream
1 tablespoon granulated sugar

Directions:
In a medium, shallow, heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium-high heat, add rice, water, milk and sugar and stir well.
Once the mixture begins to heat up and rapidly bubble, lower the heat to a simmer and stir in the pumpkin pie spice. Do not bring to a full boil.
Let the rice bubble gently for 30 to 40 minutes, stirring occasionally so it doesn't stick to the pan.
When done, the rice will be plump and the pudding thick and creamy.
Give it a taste — the rice should be fully cooked, yet maintain a slight firmness.
Stir in the pumpkin and vanilla extract and heat through for about 1 minute. Remove from heat.
Before you make the candied pecans, lay a piece of foil coated with cooking spray on the countertop. Also, coat your utensil with cooking spray so the sugar won't stick to it.
In a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat, add the pecan halves and sprinkle sugar evenly over them. As the sugar begins to melt, quickly stir the nuts until evenly coated and lightly toasted, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from heat and slide them onto the foil, including any sugar drippings. (Avoid browning the nuts, as the sugar will taste burnt.) Let cool and harden, then chop into small pieces and set aside. Nuts can be made ahead and stored in an air-tight container.
Before you begin to make the whipped cream, consider these tips: Start with a deep stainless steel bowl that has been chilled in the freezer for about 20 minutes. Chill the beaters of the electric mixer as well. Both will help to create more volume in the cream. Once ready, beat whipping cream on medium-high speed until soft peaks form. Sprinkle the sugar evenly over the whipped cream and beat until peaks re-form.
Whipped cream can be covered with plastic wrap and refrigerated for 1 to 2 hours.
Allow pudding to cool slightly before placing in individual serving dishes, as the whipped cream will melt on hot pudding. When ready to serve, top with a dollop of whipped cream and a sprinkling of candied pecans. If preferred, pudding can be eaten at room temperature or even chilled.

Submitter: 
Milly Suazo-Martinez
Description: 
As crisp, cool autumn nights roll in, stay warm with rich, aromatic pumpkin pie risotto. While this pudding gently bubbles away on the stovetop, your home will be filled with the scents of cinnamon, brown sugar and sweet vanilla. Crackly candied pecans add both sweetness and texture, while a dollop of freshly whipped cream provides the perfect adornment.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
