URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/38538795/italian-stuffed-veggie-dinner/
Title:
Italian Stuffed Veggie Dinner Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/338745.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespons olive oil
1 small onion, chopped
1 cup baby portabello mushrooms, chopped
1/4 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley, chopped
1 large egg
3 tablespoons ketchup
3 garlic cloves, finely chopped
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1/2 teaspoon basil
1/2 teaspoon oregano
1/3 cup grated pecorino romano cheese
1/4 cup plain panko (breadcrumbs)
1/2 teaspoon worchestershire sauce
1 1/4 lb ground turkey
3 zucchini
1 orange bell pepper
1 yellow bell pepper
1 red bell pepper
15oz marinara sauce
1-2 cups motzerella cheese

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400F.  Lightly oil a 13x9x2 inch baking dish.
In a skillet, saute onion, mushrooms, and garlic in olive oil until onions turn translucent.
In a large bowl, whisk sauteed veggies, parsley, egg, ketchup, worchestershire sauce and spices to blend.
Stir in the romano cheese and bread crumbs.
Using your hands, mix in the turkey. Cover the turkey mixture and refrigerate.
Cut the zucchini lengthwise and using a melon baller or spoon, carefully scrape out the seeds and inner flesh, leaving 1/8 inch-thick shells.  Be careful not to pierce the skin.
Cut the peppers in half from top to bottom and remove the seeds, being careful to not remove the stems in the process - this might take some careful cutting, but you're trying to make little bowls out of them.
Fill the zucchini and pepper halves with the turkey mixture, dividing equally and mounding slightly.
Arrange the stuffed vegetables in the prepared baking dish and spoon the marinara sauce over them.
Bake uncovered for about 25 minutes, until the vegetables are beginning to become tender.
Sprinkle motzerella cheese over the tops and continue to bake for 15-20 minutes, until the cheese is melted and bubbly.

Submitter: 
MAYAESR
Description: 
So delicious, you'll forget you're eating healthy veggies! Word to the wise: use nice marinara sauce here, not spaghetti sauce, or you're going to change the whole flavor of the dish.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
1hr 15min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
