URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/39577519/blueberry-streusel-muffins/
Title:
Blueberry Streusel Muffins Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
STREUSEL:
1 1/4C flour
1/3C dark brown sugar, packed
1/3 C granulated sugar
1/2t cinnamon
pinch salt
7T unsalted butter, melted
MUFFINS:
4T unsalted butter,melted and cooled slightly, plus extra for preparing muffin tin
2C flour, plus extra for preparing muffin tin
1 egg
1t vanilla
1C sugar
1t lemon zest,grated
1/2C buttermilk
1T baking powder (yes, tablespoon)
1/2t salt
1 1/2 C frozen blueberries

Directions:
1. FOR STREUSEL: Combine flour, sugars, cinnamon, and salt in bowl. Drizzle with melted butter and toss with fork until evenly moistened and mixture forms large chunks with some pea-sized pieces throughout.
2. FOR MUFFINS: Adjust oven rack to middle position and heat oven to 375. Grease and flour 12-cup muffin tin. Whisk egg in medium bowl until pale and evenly combined, about 30 sec. Add vanilla, sugar, and zest and whisk vigorously until thick, about 30 sec. Slowly whisk in melted butter, add buttermilk and whisk until combined.
3. Reserve 1T flour. Whisk remaining flour, baking powder and salt in large bowl. Fold in egg mixture until nearly combined. Toss blueberries with reserved flour and fold into batter until just combined.
4. Divide batter in muffin tin and top with streusel. Bake until light golden brown and toothpick inserted into center of muffin comes out with few dry crumbs attached, 23-27 min. Cool muffins in tin for 20 min., then carefully transfer muffins to rack to cool completely. (Muffins can be stored in airtight container at room temperature for 3 days.)

Submitter: 
Judy Bodnar
Description: 
To prevent a streaky batter, leave blueberries in freezer until last possible moment. Wyman's brand frozen wild blueberries are first choice, but equal amount of fresh blueberries may be substituted.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
