URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/39576288/chocolate-chunk-oatmeal-cookies-w-pecans-and-dried-cherries/
Title:
Chocolate Chunk Oatmeal Cookies W/ Pecans and Dried Cherries Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/4C unbleached flour
3/4t baking powder
1/2t baking soda
1/2t salt
1 1/4C rolled oats, old-fashioned
1C toasted pecans (4 oz), chopped
1C dried cherries (5oz), chopped coarse
4oz bittersweet chocolate, chopped into chunks about the size of choc. chips (about 3/4C)
12T unsalted butter (1 1/2 sticks),softened but still cool
1 1/2C packed brown sugar, preferably dark
1 egg
1t vanilla extract

Directions:
1. Heat oven to 350. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper.
2.Whisk flour, baking powder,baking soda and salt in medium bowl. In second medium bowl,stir together oats, pecans, cherries and choc.
3.With mixer,beat butter and sugar until no sugar lumps remain, about 1 min. Scrape down the sides of boul, add egg and vanilla and beat on med-low speed until fully incorporated, about 30 sec. With mixer still running on low, gradually add flour mixture; mix until just combined, about 30 sec. Gradually add oat/nut mixture; mix until just incorporated.Give dough final stir with spatula to ensure that no flour pockets remain and ingredients are evenly distributed.
4. Divide dough evenly into 16 portions, asch about 1/4 cup, then roll between palms into balls about 2 inches in diameter;stagger 8 balls on each baking sheet, spacing them about 2 1/2 in. apart. Using hands, gently press each dough ball in 1 in thickness. Bake both sheets 12 min, rotate them front ot back and top to bottom, then continue to bake until cookies are med. brown and edges have begun to set but centers are still soft (cookies will seem underdone and will appear raw, wet and shiny in cracks), 8-10 min longer. Do not overbake.
5.Cool cookies on baking sheets on wire rack 5 min.; using wide meal spatula, transfer cookies to wire rack and cool to room temperature.

Submitter: 
Judy Bodnar
Description: 
Walnuts can be substituted for pecans, and dried cranberries for the cherries. Quick oats used in place of old-fashioned oas will yield a cookie sl. less chewy. Will keep for 4-5 days stored in airtight container but will lose crisp exterior and become uniformly chewy after a day or so
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
