URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/39586885/peach-crumble/
Title:
Peach Crumble Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
FILLING:
3 1/2 # ripe but firm peaches (6-7 med.), peeled, pitted and sliced
1 1/4 t cornstarch
1/3 C sugar
3-5 t fresh jemon juice
pinch salt
pinch nutmeg
TOPPING:
1 C flour
1/4 C sugar plus 1 T
1/4 C packed brown sugar
1/8 t salt
2 t vanilla
6 T unsalted butter, cut into 6 pieces and very soft
1/2 C sliced almonds

Directions:
1. Adjust oven racks to lower and middle positions; heat oven to 350
2. FOR THE FILLING: Gently toss peaches and sugar together in bowl; let stand for 30 min., tossing several times. Drain peaches in colandr set over large bowl. Whisk 1/4 cup drained peach juice, cornstarch, lemon juice, salt, cinnamon, and nutmeg together in sm. bowl; discard excess peach juice. Toss juice mixture with peaches and transfer to 8-in-square glass baking dish.
3. FOR TOPPING: While peaches are macerating, combine flour, sugars and salt in workbowl of food processor; drizzle vanilla on top. Pulse to combine mixture, about five 1-sec. pulses. Add butter and half of nuts;process until mixture clumps together into large, crumbley balls, about 30 sec, pausing halfway through to scrape down sides of workbowl. Sprinkle remaining nuts over mixture and combine with two quick pulses. Transfer mixture to parchment-lined baking sheet and spread into even layer (mixture should break up into roughly 1/2-inch chunks with some smaller, loose bits). Bake on middle rack until chunks are lightly browned and firm, 18-22 min.
4. TO ASSEMBLE AND BAKE: Grasping edges of parchment paper, slide topping over peaches and spread into even layer with spatula, packing down lightly and breaking up any very large pieces. Sprinkle remaining T sugar over top and place on lower oven rack. Increase oven temp to 375 and bake until well browned and fruit is bubbling around edges, 25-35 min. Cool on wire rack until warm, at least 15 min;serve

Submitter: 
Judy Bodnar
Description: 
Add lemon juice to taste in step 2 according to sweetness of peaches. Can substitute five 10-oz bags of frozen peaches, thawed overnight in refrigerator. Topping can be baked ahead of time, as directed in step 3, then cooled and stored in airtight container.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
