URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/39846/tomato-cold-soup-with-parmesan-cheese-ice-cream/
Title:
Tomato Cold Soup with Parmesan Cheese Ice Cream Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/6621.jpg
Ingredients:
18 plum tomatoes, chopped
6 leaves fresh basil, julienned
2 cups extra-virgin olive oil, or as needed
1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese
1/4 cup cream
salt to taste
freshly ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Place the tomatoes and basil into a large pot or bowl. Use a stick blender, food processor, or blender to puree the tomatoes and basil together. Gradually blend in the oil to form a good emulsion. If pureeing the mixture in smaller batches, add a bit of oil to each one. Season with salt and ground black pepper, but remember, the Parmesan ice cream will be salty. Place the tomato preparation in the refrigerator while the ice cream is prepared.
Heat the cream in a small saucepan over medium heat. Stir in the Parmesan cheese, and continue to cook and stir until the cheese is melted, and the mixture is uniform. Season with a dash of freshly ground black pepper, and remove to a small bowl to cool. This will temper the mixture, so it will freeze more smoothly and evenly.  When the cheese mixture has cooled a bit, place it in the freezer.
Take the tomato mixture from the refrigerator, and pass it through a chinois, food mill or strainer with medium holes to remove bits of peel and seeds. The result should be a creamy liquid, not a tomato juice.
Serve the cold soup in small bowls or large cups. Make little balls with the frozen cheese using a dessert spoon. Place a little ball of the Parmesan ice cream into each bowl just before serving.

Submitter: 
VICENÇ
Description: 
It's very easy to elaborate upon this fresh tomato based soup, but its incredible taste relies upon using top quality olive oil and Parmesan cheese. Use very ripe tomatoes for the fullest flavor.
Categories:
Soups, Stews and Chili
Soup
Vegetable Soup

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3.75
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
769 calories
80.6
g fat
7.9
g carbohydrates
4.4
g protein
19
mg cholesterol
115
mg sodium.
