URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/40879/christmas-fudge-train/
Title:
Christmas Fudge Train Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/977177.jpg
Ingredients:
2 (13 ounce) pound cakes
2 (16 ounce) containers vanilla frosting
1 (8.5 ounce) package Keebler® Fudge Shoppe® Fudge Sticks
1 (12.5 ounce) package Keebler® Fudge Shoppe® Deluxe Grahams
1 (11.5 ounce) package Keebler® Fudge Shoppe® Fudge Stripes
1 (10 ounce) package Keebler® Fudge Shoppe® Grasshopper Cookies
1 (11.5 ounce) package Keebler® E.L. Fudge® Sandwich cookies
2 cups shredded flake coconut
4 Keebler® sugar cones (optional)
Red and green food color, as needed
Assorted red and green candies (optional)

Directions:
Arrange Fudge Sticks on a white or holiday platter to resemble train tracks, using a small amount of frosting on the bottoms to adhere.
Place pound cakes onto tracks, spaced apart to resemble train cars, and frost with vanilla frosting.
Place Grasshopper cookies along the bottom for wheels.
Using a small amount of white frosting, pipe Deluxe Grahams to resemble windows and place onto top sides of frosted pound cake and use for front windows as well (eyes have been made using red candies and white frosting).
Carefully slice one of the Sugar cones using a serrated knife for the smoke stack and cow catcher, place smoke stack into top and cow catcher in front.
Slice Fudge Stripes in half and arrange along the top of the train cars and behind the front windows. Scatter shredded flake coconut around train to resemble snow.
If desired, ice remaining cones with white frosting that has been colored with green food coloring as trees and place E.L. Fudge Sandwich cookies around train, adhering with additional white frosting. Use remaining candies to decorate train.

Submitter: 
Keebler® Kitchens
Description: 
Five varieties of luscious Keebler® Fudge Shoppe® cookies come together in this adorable and delicious holiday family favorite. Make it with your kids!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
637 calories
29.3
g fat
89.1
g carbohydrates
5.1
g protein
68
mg cholesterol
433
mg sodium.
