URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/40992/almond-brunch-loaf/
Title:
Almond Brunch Loaf Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/989337.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup orange juice
1 egg
2 tablespoons margarine or butter
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 1/4 cups bread flour
1 tablespoon white sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons active dry yeast
3/4 cup almond cake and pastry filling (not almond paste)
3 tablespoons chopped toasted almonds
1 teaspoon grated orange peel
orange juice
granulated sugar

Directions:
Add orange juice, egg, margarine or butter, salt, bread flour, sugar, and yeast to the bread machine pan according to manufacturer's directions. Select dough cycle. When dough cycle is complete, remove dough from machine. Cover and let rest for 10 minutes.
On a lightly floured surface, roll dough into a 24x8-inch rectangle. In a small mixing bowl stir together almond filling, almonds, and orange peel. Spread filling over dough to within 1/2 inch of the edges.
Fold dough loosely from a short side, making about eight 3-inch-wide folds. (This is similar to rolling a jelly roll, except you fold the dough instead of rolling it.) Transfer to a lightly greased cookie sheet. On one of the long sides, make eleven 2-1/2-inch cuts from the edge toward the center at about 3/4-inch intervals. Flip every other strip of dough over to the alternate side. Slightly twist each strip, exposing the filling. Cover and let rise in a warm place until nearly double (about 30 minutes).
Bake in a 350 degree F oven for 25 to 30 minutes or until golden brown. If necessary, cover loosely with foil during the last 5 to 10 minutes to prevent overbrowning. Lightly brush the bread surface with orange juice; sprinkle with sugar. Serve warm.

Submitter: 
Better Homes and Gardens
Description: 
The subtlety of this bread-machine bread is its morning wake-up flavor, orange juice.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
