URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/41018/creamy-clam-scallop-chowder/
Title:
Creamy Clam-Scallop Chowder Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/981932.jpg
Ingredients:
6 ounces fresh or frozen bay scallops
1 pint shucked clams or two 6-1/2-ounce cans minced clams
3 slices bacon, halved crosswise
2 1/2 cups chopped, peeled potatoes
1 cup chopped shallots
1 tablespoon snipped fresh dill
1 teaspoon instant chicken bouillon granules
1/8 teaspoon pepper
2 cups milk
1 cup half-and-half or light cream
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1/4 cup shredded carrot
2 tablespoons dry sherry
fresh dill (optional)

Directions:
Thaw scallops, if frozen. Chop shucked clams, reserving juice; set clams aside. Strain clam juice to remove bits of shell. (Or, drain canned clams, reserving juice.) If necessary, add water to clam juice to equal 1 cup. Set clam juice mixture aside.
In a large saucepan or Dutch oven cook bacon until crisp. Remove bacon, reserving 1 tablespoon drippings, if desired. Drain bacon on paper towels; crumble. Set bacon aside.
In the same saucepan combine reserved bacon drippings (if desired), reserved clam juice mixture, potatoes, shallots or onion, dill, bouillon granules, and pepper. Bring to boiling. Reduce heat and simmer, covered, about 10 minutes or until potatoes are tender. With the back of a fork, mash potatoes slightly against the side of the pan.
Combine milk, half-and-half or light cream, and flour until smooth. Add to potato mixture along with shredded carrot. Cook and stir until slightly thickened and bubbly. Stir in clams and scallops. Return to boiling. Reduce heat; cook, uncovered, for 1 to 2 minutes more or until clams curl around the edges and scallops are opaque. Stir in sherry.
Sprinkle each serving with crumbled bacon and, if desired, garnish with additional dill.

Submitter: 
Better Homes and Gardens
Description: 
This luscious soup is bound to get your vote for one of the best-tasting seafood soups you have ever sipped.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
38 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
