URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/41024/double-swirl-apple-bread/
Title:
Double-Swirl Apple Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/977147.jpg
Ingredients:
6 cups all-purpose flour
1 package active dry yeast
1 cup milk
3 tablespoons granulated sugar
3 tablespoons butter
3/4 teaspoon salt
2 eggs
1 cup shredded apple
1 1/2 cups finely chopped peeled apple
1/2 cup finely chopped walnuts or pecans, toasted
1/2 cup packed brown sugar
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
2 tablespoons butter, softened
1 slightly beaten egg white
1 tablespoon water
coarse sugar

Directions:
In a large mixing bowl combine 2 cups of the flour and the yeast; set aside. In a saucepan heat and stir milk, granulated sugar, the 3 tablespoons butter, and the salt until warm (120 to 130 degrees F.) and butter almost melts. Add milk mixture to flour mixture along with eggs. Beat with an electric mixer on low to medium speed for 30 seconds, scraping side of the bowl constantly. Beat on high speed for 3 minutes. Stir in shredded apple. Using a wooden spoon, stir in as much remaining flour as you can.
Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Knead in enough of the remaining flour to make a moderately stiff dough that is smooth and elastic (6 to 8 minutes total). Shape into a ball. Place in a lightly greased bowl, turning once to grease surface. Cover; let rise in a warm place until double (about 1 hour). Punch dough down.
Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Divide in half. Cover; let rest for 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, for filling, in a medium mixing bowl, combine chopped apple, nuts, brown sugar, and cinnamon; set aside.
Roll half of the dough into a 14x9-inch rectangle. Spread with 1 tablespoon of the softened butter; sprinkle with half of the filling. Beginning at both short ends, roll each end up, in a spiral, to center. Place loaf, rolled side up, in a lightly greased 8x4x2- or 9x5x3-inch loaf pan. For second loaf, repeat with remaining dough, remaining butter, and remaining filling; place loaf in a second lightly greased loaf pan.
Cover; let rise until almost double in size (about 30 minutes). Stir together egg white and water. Brush egg white mixture over tops of loaves; sprinkle with coarse sugar. Bake in a 375 degree F. oven for 30 to 40 minutes or until bread sounds hollow when lightly tapped. (If necessary, loosely cover with foil for the last 15 minutes of baking to prevent overbrowning.) Immediately remove from pans. Cool on wire racks.

Submitter: 
Better Homes and Gardens
Description: 
For a spectacular breakfast treat, slather slices of this fruit- and nut-filled loaf with orange marmalade or apricot preserves.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
50 m
Ready in:
3 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
32
Nutritional Facts:
NA
