URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/41040/kolaches/
Title:
Kolaches Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/983088.jpg
Ingredients:
4 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
1 package active dry yeast
1/2 teaspoon ground mace or ground nutmeg
1 cup milk
1/2 cup butter
1/4 cup granulated sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 teaspoon finely shredded lemon peel (optional)
canned poppy seed, date, cherry, or apricot pie filling or cake and pastry filling
1 egg
1 tablespoon milk
sifted powdered sugar

Directions:
In a large mixing bowl stir together 2 cups of the flour, the yeast, and mace or nutmeg;  set aside.  In a medium saucepan heat and stir milk, butter, granulated sugar, and salt just until warm (120 degrees F. to 130 degrees F.) and butter almost melts. Add milk mixture to dry mixture along with the 2 eggs and the vanilla.  Beat with an electric mixer on low to medium speed for 30 seconds, scraping the side of the bowl constantly.  Beat on high speed for 3 minutes.  Using a wooden spoon, stir in the lemon peel, if using, and as much of the remaining flour as you can.
Turn dough onto a lightly floured surface.  Knead in enough of the remaining flour to make a moderately soft dough that is smooth and elastic (3 to 5 minutes total).  Shape dough into a ball.  Place in a lightly greased bowl;  turn once.  Cover; let rise in a warm place until double in size (1 hour).
Punch dough down.  Turn onto lightly floured surface.  Divide dough in half.  Cover and let rest for 10 minutes.  Roll each half of the dough into a 12x8-inch rectangle.  Cut each rectangle into six 4x4-inch squares.  Place a rounded teaspoon of filling onto the center of each square.  Brush the 4 corners of each square with water.  Draw the corners up and gently press together.  Place on well-greased baking sheets 2 inches apart.
Cover; let rise again until double (30 to 45 minutes).  Brush with egg beaten with the 1 tablespoon milk.  Bake in a 375 degree F. oven about 15 minutes or until golden.  Cool on a wire rack.  Dust with powdered sugar.

Submitter: 
Better Homes and Gardens
Description: 
Most kolaches in the United States tend to be open and loaded with filling.  In areas where western Bohemians settled, such as Minnesota and Texas, however, they still make closed kolaches like this recipe.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
2 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
