URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/41052/orange-bowknot-buns/
Title:
Orange Bowknot Buns Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/988045.jpg
Ingredients:
6 cups all-purpose flour
1 package active dry yeast
1 1/4 cups milk
1/2 cup shortening
1/3 cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 eggs
2 tablespoons finely shredded orange peel (set aside)
1/4 cup orange juice
1 cup sifted powdered sugar
1 teaspoon finely shredded orange peel
3 teaspoons orange juice

Directions:
In a large mixing bowl combine 2 cups of the flour and the yeast. In a saucepan heat and stir the milk, shortening, sugar, and salt just until warm (120 degrees F to 130 degrees F) and shortening almost melts. Add to flour mixture along with eggs and the 1/4 cup orange juice. Beat with an electric mixer on low speed for 30 seconds, scraping side of bowl constantly. Beat on high speed for 3 minutes. Using a wooden spoon, stir in the 2 tablespoons shredded orange peel and as much of the remaining flour as you can.
Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Knead in enough of the remaining flour to make a moderately stiff dough that is smooth and elastic (6 to 8 minutes total). Shape dough into a ball. Place dough in a greased bowl, turning once to grease surface of dough. Cover; let rise in a warm place until double in size (about 1 hour).
Punch dough down. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface. Divide dough in half. Cover; let rest for 10 minutes. Meanwhile, lightly grease baking sheets.
Roll each half of dough to a 10x6-inch rectangle. Cut each rectangle into twelve 10x1/2-inch strips. Tie each strip into a loose knot. Place knots 2 to 3 inches apart on prepared baking sheets. Cover and let rise in a warm place until nearly double in size (about 30 minutes).
Bake in a 375 degree F oven for 12 to 15 minutes or until golden brown. Cool slightly on wire rack.
In a small mixing bowl stir together powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon finely shredded orange peel, and enough orange juice  to make of spreading consistency. Drizzle over warm rolls.

Submitter: 
Better Homes and Gardens
Description: 
The pleasant citrus flavor comes from orange peel and juice. When shredding the peel, be careful to shred only the orange part of the peel, as the white part will make the dough bitter.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
2 h 27 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
