URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/41074/better-homes-and-gardens-snowflake-cookies/
Title:
Better Homes and Gardens Snowflake Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/976748.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup butter
1/3 cup shortening
1 cup granulated sugar
1/3 cup dairy sour cream
1 egg
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 teaspoon finely shredded lemon peel
3/4 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon ground mace
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1 dash salt
2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
2 cups sifted powdered sugar
2 tablespoons milk
Liquid or paste food coloring
1/2 cup shortening
1 cup sifted powdered sugar
milk
1 1/4 cups sifted powdered sugar

Directions:
In a large mixing bowl, beat butter and the 1/3 cup shortening with an electric mixer on medium to high speed for 30 seconds. Add granulated sugar, sour cream, egg, vanilla, lemon peel, baking powder, mace, baking soda, and salt. Beat until combined. Beat in as much of the flour as you can with the mixer. Stir in any remaining flour with a wooden spoon. Divide dough in half. Cover and chill for 1 to 2 hours or until easy to handle.
Roll each half of dough to 1/8- to 1/4-inch thick on a well floured pastry cloth. Using 2-1/2- to 3-inch snowflake or star-shape cutters dipped in flour, cut out dough. Use a wide spatula to place cutouts 1 inch apart on an ungreased cookie sheet.
Bake in a 375 degree F oven for 7 to 8 minutes or until edges are firm and bottoms are very lightly browned. Transfer to wire racks to cool.
For icing, combine the 2 cups powdered sugar and 2 tablespoons milk in a small mixing bowl. Stir in additional milk, 1 teaspoon at a time, until of drizzling consistency. Tint icing as desired with liquid or paste food coloring. Frost cooled cookies with white or tinted icing. Let dry.
For Creamy White Frosting, beat 1/2 cup shortening with an electric mixer on medium speed for 30 seconds. Slowly add 1 cup sifted powdered sugar, beating well. Beat in 1 tablespoon milk. Gradually beat in 1-1/4 cups sifted powdered sugar and 1 teaspoon milk. Add additional milk, 1 teaspoon at a time, until frosting is of spreading consistency. Tint as desired with liquid or paste food coloring.
Divide Creamy White Frosting into three or four portions. Leave one white and tint the others the same pale colors used for the icing. Use a small writing tip (#1 or #2) in a decorating bag to decorate iced cookies with a pattern of dots and lines to simulate French knots and stitches (see photo). Let stand on wire racks until set. Store cookies in layers separated by waxed paper in a shallow, covered container.

Submitter: 
Better Homes and Gardens
Description: 
These rich, lightly spiced sugar cookies might be named for the form they take, but cut into any other shape, they'll still melt in your mouth.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h 30 m
Ready in:
3 h 7 m
Number of servings: 
48
Nutritional Facts:
NA
