URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/41087/vegetable-lasagna/
Title:
Vegetable Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/978060.jpg
Ingredients:
8 ounces lasagna noodles
1/2 cup dried porcini or shiitake mushrooms
1 cup boiling water
1 large onion, chopped
1 large green pepper, chopped
2 medium carrots, chopped
4 cloves garlic, minced
2 tablespoons margarine or butter
4 cups chopped broccoli (flowerets and stems)
1 (15 ounce) container ricotta cheese
1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese
1/2 cup grated Parmesan or Romano cheese
2 eggs
1/4 cup snipped parsley
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme, crushed
1/2 teaspoon dried marjoram, crushed
1/4 teaspoon pepper
1 (30 ounce) jar meatless spaghetti sauce
1/4 cup grated Parmesan or Romano cheese

Directions:
Cook lasagna noodles according to package directions; drain. Meanwhile, in a medium bowl combine dried mushrooms and boiling water. Let stand for 20 minutes. Drain and squeeze mushrooms, reserving liquid. Remove and discard mushroom stems. Coarsely chop mushrooms. Set aside.
In a large skillet cook onion, green pepper, carrots, and garlic in hot margarine or butter until tender but not brown. Add broccoli and 1/2 cup reserved mushroom liquid. Bring to a boil; reduce heat. Cover and simmer about 5 minutes or until broccoli is just crisp-tender. Stir in mushrooms.
In a medium bowl stir together ricotta cheese, mozzarella cheese, 1/2 cup Parmesan or Romano cheese, eggs, parsley, thyme, marjoram, and pepper.
In a 3-quart rectangular baking dish evenly spread 1/2 cup of the spaghetti sauce. Arrange 3 lasagna noodles over sauce. Layer with half of the cheese mixture, half of the vegetable mixture, and 1 cup of the spaghetti sauce. Repeat layers, ending with noodles. Spoon remaining spaghetti sauce over the top. Sprinkle with 1/4 cup Parmesan or Romano cheese.
Cover and bake in a 375 degree F. oven for 20 minutes. Uncover and bake about 10 minutes more or until heated through.

Submitter: 
Better Homes and Gardens
Description: 
If you like, substitute 1 cup chopped fresh mushrooms for the dried mushrooms in this cheesy, meatless casserole. Simply cook the fresh mushrooms with the onion, green pepper, and carrots and use water instead of the dried mushroom liquid.
Categories:
Pasta and Noodles
Pasta by Shape

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
