URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/41084/thai-spiced-chicken-and-pineapple-bites/
Title:
Thai-Spiced Chicken and Pineapple Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/978660.jpg
Ingredients:
2/3 cup bottled sweet-and-sour sauce
2 tablespoons snipped fresh basil
1 teaspoon Thai seasoning or five-spice powder
1/2 teaspoon bottled minced garlic
1 tablespoon margarine or butter, melted
1 tablespoon packed brown sugar
1/4 teaspoon curry powder
1 medium pineapple
4 medium skinless, boneless chicken breast halves (about 1 pound total)

Directions:
For Thai sauce, combine sweet and sour sauce, basil, Thai seasoning or five-spice powder, and garlic in a small bowl. Transfer 1/4 cup of the sauce to another bowl to use for basting. Reserve remaining sauce until ready to serve.
For curry sauce, stir together margarine or butter, brown sugar, and curry powder, set aside.
Twist off leafy top of pineapple; discard. Cut off both ends, exposing the flesh. Halve pineapple lengthwise. Place each half, core side down, on a cutting board, and cut crosswise into six 3/4-inch-thick slices. Using a paring knife, remove center core from slices. Set pineapple aside.
Cut chicken into 1-inch pieces. Thread chicken onto four 8- or 10-inch skewers. Grill chicken on the rack of an uncovered grill directly over medium heat for 12 to 14 minutes or until chicken is tender and cooked through, turning and brushing once with the Thai basting sauce.
While chicken is grilling, arrange pineapple slices on the grill rack. Grill for 6 to 8 minutes or until heated through, turning once and brushing once or twice with the curry sauce.
Cut pineapple slices into wedges. Remove chicken from skewers. For each serving, stack one piece of chicken on a pineapple wedge; secure with a cocktail-size skewer or pick. Serve with reserved Thai sauce for dipping.

Submitter: 
Better Homes and Gardens
Description: 
Sweet-and-sour-sauce is the base for this sauce. Look for it at your supermarket, or Asian market.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
32 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
