URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/41227895/hearty-chicken-soup/
Title:
Hearty Chicken Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 Tbl vegetable oil
2 medium onions, cut into medium dice
1 whole chicken (about 4 pounds), breast removed and split; remaining chicken cut into 2-inch pieces
4 chicken boullion cubes
2 bay leaves
3 large carrots, peeled and sliced 1/4 inch thick
2 celery stalks, sliced 1/4 inch thick
1/2 tsp dried thyme leaves
2 cups (3 ounces) hearty egg noodles
Ground black pepper
1/4 cup minced fresh parsley leaves

Directions:
Hold the chicken with the little end down on the cutting board.  Remove the breast from the whole chicken by sawing straight down--it doesn't have to be perfect.  Cut the removed breast section in half, again don't worry about perfection, both sides won't match, it's ok.  Set the two breast pieces aside.
Using a meat cleaver, hack the rest of the chicken into 2-inch pieces.
Heat oil over medium-high heat in a large soup kettle.  Add half of chopped onions and all chicken pieces (reserve breast).  Saute until chicken is no longer pink, 7-10 minutes.  Reduce heat to low, cover and simmer until chicken releases its juices, about 20 minutes.  Increase heat to high; add 2 quarts water (16 cups), boullion cubes, and bay leaves.  Bring to a simmer, then cover, reduce heat to low and barely simmer until chicken breast is cooked and broth is rich and flavorful, 20 minutes longer.
Remove chicken breast from kettle; set aside.  When cool enough to handle, remove skin from breast, then remove meat from bones and shred into bite-sized pieces; discard skin and bones.  Line a collander with cheese cloth and strain broth into a large bowl and discard any remaining chicken pieces and bones.  Skim fat from broth and reserve 2 tablespoons.
Return soup kettle to medium-high heat.  Add reserved chicken fat.  Add remaining onion, along with carrot and celery.  Saute until softened, about 5 minutes.  Add thyme, broth and shredded chicken.  Simmer until vegetables are tender and flavors meld, 10-15 minutes.  Add noodles and cook until just tender, about 5 minutes.  Adjust seasonings, adding salt, if necessary (or another boullion cube), and pepper, stir in parsley and serve.

Submitter: 
Sharon Springer Andrews
Description: 
Do you really think Cambell's chicken soup will make you feel better?  No way.  This is the soup that will make your loved ones feel loved--and healed.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
