URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/41352/creamy-braised-chicken/
Title:
Creamy Braised Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/977866.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 pound pearl onions
1 cup thinly sliced onion
1/2 cup thinly sliced carrot
1/2 cup thinly sliced celery
2 tablespoons butter or stick margarine, divided
6 boneless skinless chicken breast halves (1-1/2 pounds)
1 cup Chardonnay or other dry white wine or reduced-sodium chicken broth
1 1/3 cups reduced sodium chicken broth
1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon dried thyme
1/8 teaspoon white pepper
1 bay leaf
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1/2 cup fat-free evaporated milk
1/2 pound fresh mushrooms, quartered

Directions:
In a Dutch oven or large kettle, bring 6 cups water to a boil. Add pearl onions; boil for 3 minutes. Drain and rinse in cold water; peel and set aside. In the same pan, saute sliced onion, carrot and celery in 1 tablespoon butter until tender. Remove vegetables; set aside.
Add chicken to the pan; brown on both sides. Remove and keep warm. Add wine; simmer until reduced to 1/2 cup. Stir in broth and seasonings. Return chicken to pan; cover and simmer for 5 minutes or until juices run clear. Remove chicken to a serving platter; keep warm. Combine flour and milk until smooth; gradually stir into pan. Bring to a boil; cook and stir for 2 minutes or until thickened. Return vegetables to pan. Remove from the heat; cover and set aside.
In a nonstick skillet, saute reserved pearl onions in remaining butter until tender. Remove and set aside. In the same pan, saute mushrooms until tender. Add the onions and mushrooms to serving platter. Discard bay leaf from sauce; spoon over chicken and vegetables.

Submitter: 
Taste of Home
Description: 
A smooth and delicate cream sauce gives special taste to these tender chicken breasts accompanied by sweet pearl onions and sauteed mushrooms. This dish is so rich tasting, you'll want to serve it to company.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
7 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.14285707473755
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
