URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/42611/holiday-gingerbread-scones/
Title:
Holiday Gingerbread Scones Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
cooking spray
1 large egg, beaten
1 tablespoon heavy cream
1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour
3/4 cup old-fashioned oats
1/4 cup white sugar
2 teaspoons baking powder
1 teaspoon ground ginger
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon ground cloves
1/3 cup cold unsalted butter
1/3 cup dried cherries (optional)
1/4 cup dried currants (optional)
1/2 cup buttermilk
2 teaspoons molasses

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C) and place a rack in the center of the oven. Lightly spray a baking pan with cooking spray.
Combine egg and cream for glaze in a small bowl and set aside.
Combine flour, oats, sugar, baking powder, ginger, cinnamon, baking soda, salt, and cloves in a large bowl. Cut the butter into small pieces with a pastry blender, 2 knives, or your fingertips; rub into the flour mixture until it resembles coarse oatmeal. Add cherries and currants.
Combine buttermilk and molasses in a measuring cup. Stir into flour mixture with a wooden spoon until moist clumps form. Gather dough together and transfer to a lightly floured surface.
Knead dough gently until it forms a ball. Shape into a 7-inch circle and cut into 8 triangles with a sharp knife. Place on the prepared baking pan and brush with glaze.
Bake in the preheated oven until firm, golden brown, and a toothpick inserted into the center of a scone comes out clean, about 14 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool on a wire rack before serving.

Submitter: 
Kim Weller
Description: 
A friend gave me this recipe for these wonderful gingerbread scones. I then made them for an English friend of mine, and she gave them a definite thumbs up.  I've made them without the dried cherries and currants and cut them with biscuit cutters, and they were great also. Make sure you handle the dough lightly; don't overmix.
Categories:
Bread
Quick Bread
Scones

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
282 calories
9.9
g fat
42.7
g carbohydrates
5.8
g protein
47
mg cholesterol
271
mg sodium.
