URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/44245/tangy-hawaiian-chicken/
Title:
Tangy Hawaiian Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F996146.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (8 ounce) can pineapple tidbits with juice
1 cup soy sauce
1 teaspoon onion powder
2 tablespoons white sugar
¼ cup lemon juice
2 tablespoons barbeque sauce
½ teaspoon curry powder
4  boneless, skinless chicken breast halves
salt and pepper to taste
½ cup finely chopped onion
½ cup finely chopped celery
2 ½ cups uncooked white rice
4 cups water

Directions:
In a glass or plastic dish with a lid, combine the pineapple with its juice, soy sauce, onion powder, sugar, lemon juice, barbeque sauce, and curry powder. Taste, and adjust seasonings if desired. Place the chicken into the mixture, cover, and refrigerate for 1 to 2 hours.
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat. Place chicken breasts onto the grate, and grill until the meat is no longer pink inside. Brush occasionally with the pineapple sauce. Chicken should take about 7 to 10 minutes on each side.
Put the four cups water into a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onions, celery, and rice. Bring to a boil, and reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer until rice is tender, about 20 minutes. In a separate pan, heat the marinade over medium heat until boiling. Simmer for about 5 or 10 minutes, then remove from heat, and set aside.
Serve the chicken on a bed of rice with the sauce covering it, or to the side.

Submitter: 
Shannon
Description: 
This is a tasty twist on everyday chicken. At 16 years of age, I love to cook, bake, anything that has to do with culinary arts, and I enjoy making up recipes. This recipe is tried tested and true. A perfect idea for your next meal!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
25 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.84
Prep time: 
1 hr 20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 40 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
673 calories
2.4
g fat
119.5
g carbohydrates
40.2
g protein
68
mg cholesterol
3792
mg sodium.
