URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/44277797/vegan-enchilada-bake/
Title:
Vegan Enchilada Bake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups of Brown Rice or Quinoa (cooked and cooled for 30+ minutes)
2 tsp grapeseed (or any veg) oil
1/4 cup minced scallions
1 small jalapeno, finely diced (optional)
1 large white onion, well diced
4 cloves garlic, well diced
2 cans cooked black beans, drained
1 cans cooked pinto beans, drained
100 grams frozen corn kernals
50 grams diced bell pepper
8 oz tomato sauce
8 oz enchilada sauce (preferably Rick Bayless Frontera Red Chile)
8 corn tortillas
1/4 tsp cumin seeds
1/5 packet taco seasoning
1 tsp pani puri masala
3 tsp cumin powder
1 tsp salt
1 tsp oregano
1/4 tsp black pepper

Directions:
In a 5 quart pot or dutch oven, heat up oil and throw in cumin seeds once oil is a bit heated. After cumin seeds are sizzling, put in finely diced onions and after one minute, garlic into the pot. Add in salt and scallions while onions are caramelizing. Add jalapeno. Simmer for 5 minutes.
In pot, add in tomato sauce, black beans, pinto beans, cumin powder, black pepper, taco seasoning, pani puri masala, and oregano. Stir well. After 2 minutes, add in bell peppers and corn. Allow filling to cook for 10 minutes. Cover to retain moisture - you want this to be saucy (not soupy), not dry.
While waiting for beans/filling to cook, heat oven to 375° F. After oven reaches 375º, put in corn tortillas into the oven for exactly 2 minutes (set a timer). After 2 minutes, turn/flip the tortillas and leave in for an additional 90 seconds. Do not allow tortillas to overcook. Idea is to have slightly crisp tortillas, not burnt. After final 90 seconds, immediately remove and set aside 8 tortillas.
Lightly cover a 9-inch-by-13-inch baking pan with tiny bit of oil. Layer in 4 corn tortillas and 1/2 of the filling from the pot. Add in 1/2 of your cooled/cold rice or quinoa on top of the filling. Layer in your final 4 corn tortillas. This time, put in your cold rice/quinoa on top of the tortillas. Add in the final half of filling. On top of filling, spread enchilada sauce so it covers the entire top.
Bake in oven for 20 minutes. Do not let sauce become completely dry. Cut into 16 pieces and serve. Top with cheese and/or sour cream if desired.

Submitter: 
hgadhia
Description: 
Vegan Enchiladas
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
