URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/44866843/chicago-style-pan-pizza/
Title:
Chicago-Style Pan Pizza Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Jay's Signature Pizza Crust: see step #5 thru #7
1 pound bulk Italian sausage
2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese
8 ounces sliced fresh mushrooms
1 small onion, chopped
2 teaspoons olive oil
1 (28 ounce) can diced tomatoes, drained
3/4 teaspoon dried oregano
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon fennel seed
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Press the dough into the bottom and up the sides of a greased 9x13 inch baking dish.
Crumble the sausage into a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir until evenly browned. Remove the sausage with a slotted spoon, and sprinkle  over the dough crust. Sprinkle mozzarella cheese evenly over the sausage.
Add mushrooms and onion to the skillet; cook and stir until the onion is tender. Stir in the tomatoes, oregano, salt, fennel seed and garlic powder. Spoon over the mozzarella cheese. Sprinkle Parmesan cheese over the top.
Bake for 25 to 35 minutes in the preheated oven, or until crust is golden brown.
Jay's Signature Pizza Crust: 1 teaspoon active dry yeast; 1/4 teaspoon brown sugar; 1/2 cup and 1 tablespoon and 2 teaspoons warm water (110 degrees F/45 degrees C); 1/2 teaspoon salt; 2-1/2 teaspoons olive oil;  1-1/3 cups all-purpose flour
DIRECTIONS: In a large bowl, dissolve the yeast and brown sugar in the water, and let sit for 10 minutes. Stir the salt and oil into the yeast solution. Mix in 2 1/2 cups of the flour.
Turn dough out onto a clean, well floured surface, and knead in more flour until the dough is no longer sticky. Place the dough into a well oiled bowl, and cover with a cloth. Let the dough rise until double; this should take about 1 hour. Punch down the dough, and form a tight ball. Allow the dough to relax for a minute before rolling out. Use for your favorite pizza recipe.

Submitter: 
FROGHOPPER
Description: 
This is the best Chicago-style pizza that I have ever had. Make sure that you use the Parmesan in hard triangle form. It tastes so much better when you grate it yourself.Modified from: Chicago-Style Pan Pizza
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
1 hr 5 min
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
