URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/45121520/bean-soup/
Title:
Bean Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (16 ounce) Pkg. Dried Navy Beans - Any Bean Mixture
8 cups Water
5 cups Chicken Broth
1 Ham Bone
2 cups Diced Ham
2 Medium Sweet Onions - Chopped
1/2 tsp. Salt
1 pinch Ground Black Pepper
1 cup Carrots - Sliced
3/4 cup Celery - Chopped
2 tbsp. Minced Garlic

Directions:
Cover your beans, nothing else added, with cold water, and bring to a solid boil for about 10 minutes. Remove the pan DON'T DRAIN and SET THE PAN IN YOUR SINK. Throw in about 1/4 cup baking soda, (in the hills it's a handful) and stir like crazy until the foam that will appear disappears, (don't worry if the foam looks green). Drain and rinse very well in cold water to remove all the soda flavor, then start recooking according to the directions. Doing this, you won't have to soak the beans, it cuts your cooking time, and removes maybe not all, but most of the &#34;gas&#34;. More soda, less gas. The reason for setting the pan in the sink is that it will foam quite a bit and could go over the sides of your pan.
Place rinsed beans into a large stock pot.  Add water and bring to a boil.  Boil gently for 2 minutes; remove from heat, cover and let stand for 1 hour.
Add ham bone, cubed ham, onion, salt, pepper and bay leaves.  Bring to a boil; reduce heat, cover and simmer for 1 hour and 15 minutes or until beans are soft.  Occasionally skim service of soup while it is cooking.
Add carrots and celery, cook until tender.  Remove ham bone, scrape any meat from bone and place back into soup and serve.
When all of the vegetables and beans are tender you will need to remove about 1/4 of the soup.  Put in a different container, using a hand blender puree the mixture that you removed from the soup pot.  Once the mixture is smooth add it back into the soup pot, this will thicken up the soup without altering the taste.

Submitter: 
IAFoodie
Description: 
A tasty ham and navy bean soup.Modified from: Bean Soup
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
