URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/45469/summer-olive-pizza/
Title:
Summer Olive Pizza Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
3 medium tomatoes
2 tablespoons olive oil, or more if needed
1/2 teaspoon salt, or to taste
1/4 teaspoon pepper
1 tablespoon dried tarragon
5 cloves garlic, minced
1/3 cup drained canned cannellini beans
1/4 cup canned mushrooms, drained
1 teaspoon poultry seasoning
1 teaspoon garlic powder
2 1/2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese
1/2 cup sliced black olives
3 (10 inch) flour tortillas

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Bring a saucepan of water to a boil. Boil tomatoes for about 5 minutes, then remove from the pan, and drop into a  bowl of cold water. Peel, and cut in half. Place tomato halves cut side up onto a baking sheet. Drizzle with olive oil, and season with salt, pepper and tarragon to taste. Reserve 1 teaspoon of tarragon for later.
Bake for 12 minutes in the preheated oven. Meanwhile, combine the beans and mushrooms in the container of a food processor or blender, and process until smooth. Set aside in a small dish.
Heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic, and cook stirring until fragrant. Add the bean and mushroom paste, and stir to blend. When the tomatoes are done, place them into the food processor, and process for about 10 seconds. The tomatoes should not become a paste, but more of a pulp. Stir the tomatoes into the skillet a little bit at a time, and season with poultry seasoning and the remaining teaspoon of tarragon. Heat through.
Place tortillas into the oven, and cook for about 1 minute, or until slightly hardened. Remove from the oven, and place on a baking sheet. Spread some sauce onto the browned side of each tortilla, sprinkle with olive slices, and cover generously with shredded mozzarella cheese.
Bake for 3 to 5 minutes in the preheated oven, or until cheese is melted and the edges are lightly browned. Cool for a few minutes, then cut into quarters and serve.

Submitter: 
juni
Description: 
This is a very light but strangely filling pizza that I serve mostly at our summer garden parties. It's quite quick to put together for a snack and even a full meal. The sauce is also good with pasta but tastes best on these pizzas.
Categories:
World Cuisine
European
Italian

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
353 calories
17.8
g fat
32.1
g carbohydrates
16.8
g protein
30
mg cholesterol
1150
mg sodium.
