URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/45592744/antipasto-squares/
Title:
Antipasto Squares Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 (10 ounce) cans Pillsbury refrigerated crescent dinner rolls
1 jar sun dried tomato pesto
1/4 pound thinly sliced smoked turkey
1/4 pound thinly sliced provolone cheese
1/4 pound shredded mozzarella
1/4 pound thinly sliced Genoa hard salami
1/4 pound thinly sliced sandwich pepperoni
1/4 lb capiccola or prosciutto
marinated mushrooms, sliced
sliced ripe ollives
1 (12 ounce) jar roasted red peppers, drained, dried & diced
5 eggs
4-6 tablespoons shredded parmesan
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper / 1 teaspoon powdered garlic

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (175 C).  Spray 9X13 inch pan with Pam.  Spread 1 tube of dough in pan.  Extend dough up the side of the dish   Spread  with a thin layer of tomato pesto.  Bake 7 min.  Cut cheeses & deli meats into small pieces so this will  cut into nice squares once its baked.
Layer the provolone cheese, salami, sliced olives, ham, marinated mushroom slices, capicolla, banana pepper rings, pepperoni, red peppers, turkey and mozzarella.  Extend the layers to the side of the dish (overlapping the dough) so that the egg mixture will not run to the sides.
Beat 4 eggs lightly with 1 tsp garlic powder, parmesan & pepper and pour over the layers.  Unroll the second package of dough and place over the top.   Beat 1 egg lightly & brush over top of dough. Sprinkle with oregano.
Cover with aluminum foil.  Bake for 20 minutes.  Remove foil, and bake another 25 to 30 min or until dough is fluffy and golden brown
Let set for at least 20 min.  Cut into squares and place on a platter with paper doilies.  For a party, you may want to slice into small squares (about 60 total if cut into 6 rows x 10 columns), and stick a fancy toothpick in each one.   Serve warm or at room temperature.

Submitter: 
Dorothy
Description: 
Serve with pizza sauce or marinara sauce.  
These are also good straight from the refrigerator or reheated in 300 degree oven Great for Super Bowl.Modified from: Antipasto Squares
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
