URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/45628134/boneless-buffalo-chicken/
Title:
Boneless Buffalo Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts (about 1 1/2 pounds, cut into 1 1/2-inch chunks
1/2 C buttermilk
1 t salt
3/4 C hot sauce (like Frank's)
1/4 C water
1/4 t sugar
1 T unsalted butter
1 1/2 C cornstarch
4 large egg whites
1/2 C all-purpose flour
1/2 t baking soda
4 C vegetable oil

Directions:
1. Combine chicken, buttermilk, and salt in large zipper-lock bag and refrigerate 30 min. or up to 2 hrs. Combine hot sauce, water, sugar, butter, and 2 t. cornstarch in saucepan. Whisk over med. heat until thickened, about 5 min.
2. Whisk egg whites in shallow dish until foamy. Stir flour, baking soda, remaining cornstarch, and 6 T. hot sauce mixture in second shallow dish until mixture resembles coars meal. Remove chicken from marinade and pat dry with paper towels. Toss half of chicken with egg whites until well coated, then dredge chicken in cornstarch mixture, pressing to adhere. Transfer coated chicken to plate and repeat with remaining chicken.
3. Heat oil in Dutch oven over med-high heat until oil registers 350 degrees. Fry half of chicken until golden brown, about 4 min., turning piece halfway through cooking. Transfer chicken to paper towel-lined plate. Return oil to 350 degrees and repeat with remaining chicken.
4. Warm remaing hot sauce mixture over med-low heat until simmering. Combine chicken and hot sauce mixture in large bowl and toss to coat. Serve

Submitter: 
Judy Bodnar
Description: 
In step 3, the fried chicken pieces can be held in a 200-degree oven for 30 min. before being tossed with the sauce. A relatively mild cayenne pepper-based hot sauce, like Frank's is essential; avoid hotter sauces like Tabasco. If desired, serve with creamy blue cheese dressing.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
