URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/45855584/decadent-carnival-apple-pork-chops/
Title:
Decadent Carnival Apple Pork Chops Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Marinade:
4 C apple cider
1/4 C brown sugar (light or dark)
1/4 C sea salt
4 (3/4-1 1/2 inch) thick pork chops
2 T olive oil
6 T brown sugar
salt and pepper to taste
1/3 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/3  teaspoon ground nutmeg
6 tablespoons unsalted butter
4 tart apples - peeled, cored and sliced
2 T apple cider vinegar
1-2 T wild turkey or other bourbon (optional)
1/2 C chopped pecans (optional)

Directions:
Combine marinade ingredients. Place chops in shallow dish or ziploc bag and pour marinade over to coat; marinate overnight.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (80 degrees C). Place a medium dish in the oven to warm.
Heat a large skillet with olive oil over med-high heat. Brown marinaded chops 3-5 min each side.  Remove chops to warmed dish and set aside.
In a small bowl, combine brown sugar, salt and pepper, cinnamon and nutmeg. Add butter to skillet, and stir in brown sugar mixture and apples. Cover and cook until apples are just tender. Remove apples with a slotted spoon and arrange on top of chops. Keep warm in the preheated oven.
Continue cooking sauce uncovered in skillet, until thickened slightly 1-2 min. Stir in cider vinegar and bourbon, if desired. Spoon sauce over apples and chops.  Bake covered 15-20 min, or until internal temp of chops reads 160. Uncover and sprinkle with pecans, if desired.  Bake additional 5 min. Serve with rice or smashed potatoes and ENJOY:-)

Submitter: 
RANCHGIRL_59714
Description: 
Warm, spicy, and sweet, this wonderful Fall recipe is a guaranteed favorite for kids, and is great with smashed potatoes and buttered green beans. These will remind you of caramel apples on a stick from the county fair!Modified from: Caramel Apple Pork Chops
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 min
Ready in:
12hrs 30min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
