URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/45957/chicken-makhani-indian-butter-chicken/?src=VD_Summary
Title:
Chicken Makhani (Indian Butter Chicken) Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon peanut oil
1  shallot, finely chopped
¼  white onion, chopped
2 tablespoons butter
2 teaspoons lemon juice
1 tablespoon ginger garlic paste
1 teaspoon garam masala
1 teaspoon chili powder
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1  bay leaf
¼ cup plain yogurt
1 cup half-and-half
1 cup tomato puree
¼ teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste
1 pinch salt
1 pinch black pepper
1 tablespoon peanut oil
1 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into bite-size pieces
1 teaspoon garam masala
1 pinch cayenne pepper
1 tablespoon cornstarch
¼ cup water

Directions:
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large saucepan over medium high heat. Saute shallot and onion until soft and translucent. Stir in butter, lemon juice, ginger-garlic paste, 1 teaspoon garam masala, chili powder, cumin and bay leaf. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add tomato sauce, and cook for 2 minutes, stirring frequently.  Stir in half-and-half and yogurt. Reduce heat to low, and simmer for 10 minutes, stirring frequently. Season with salt pepper. Remove from heat and set aside.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large heavy skillet over medium heat. Cook chicken until lightly browned, about 10 minutes. Reduce heat, and season with 1 teaspoon garam masala and cayenne. Stir in a few spoonfuls of sauce, and simmer until liquid has reduced, and chicken is no longer pink. Stir cooked chicken into sauce.
Mix together cornstarch and water, then stir into the sauce. Cook for 5 to 10 minutes, or until thickened.

Submitter: 
MITCHMAN21
Description: 
Chicken Makhani is one of my favorite Indian dishes. It is a full flavored dish that complements the chicken well. It can be made as mild or spicy as you wish by adjusting the cayenne. Serve with basmati rice and naan bread.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1306 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
35 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
408 calories
27.8
g fat
15.6
g carbohydrates
23.4
g protein
107
mg cholesterol
523
mg sodium.
