URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/46070918/crunchy-baked-pork-chops/
Title:
Crunchy Baked Pork Chops Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Table salt
4 center-cut boneless pork chops, 6-8 oz. each, 3/4-1in. thick,trimmed of excess fat
4 slices hearty white sandwich bread, torn into 1-in. pieces
1 small minced shallot (about 2T)
3 med. garlic cloves, minced (about 1T)
2 T vegable oil
ground black pepper
2 T grated Parmesan cheese
1/2 t. minced fresh thyme
2 T. minced fresh parsley
1/4 C. all-purpose flour + 6 T.
3 large egg whites
3 T. Dijon mustard

Directions:
!. Adjust oven rack to middle position and heat oven to 350 degrees. Dissolve 1/4 C. salt in 1 quart water in med. container or gallon-sixed zipper-lock bag. Submerge chops, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate 30 min.  Ricse chops under cold water and dry thoroughly with paper towels.
2. Meanwhile, pulse bread in food processor until coarsely ground, about eight 1-sec. pulses (about 3 1/2 C. crumbs). Transfer crumbs to rimmed baking sheet and add shallot, garlic, oil, 1/4 t. salt, and 1/4 t. pepper. Toss until crumbs are evenly coated with oil. Bake until deep golden brown and dry, about 15 min., stirring twice during baking time. (Do not turn off oven) Cool to room temperature. Toss crumbs with Parmesan, thyme and parsley.
3. Place 1/4 C. flour in pie plate. In second pie plate, whisk egg whites and mustard until combined; add remaining 6 T. flour and whisk until almost smooth, with pea-sized lumps remaining.
4. Increase oven temperature to 425 degrees. Spray wire rack with nonstick cooking spray and place in rimmed baking sheet. Season chops with pepper. Dredge 1 pork chop in flou; shake off excess. Using tongs, coat with egg mixture; let excess drip off. Coat all sides of chop with bread crumb mixture, pressing gently so that thick layer of crumbs adheres to chop. Transfer breaded chop to wire rack. Repeat with remaining chops.
5. Bake until instant-read thermometer inserted into center of chops registers 150 degrees, 17 to 25 min. Let rest on rack for 5 min.

Submitter: 
Judy Bodnar
Description: 
If enhanced pork (injected with a salt solution)are used, omit brining step. The bread crumb mixture can be prepared up to 3 days in advance. The breaded chops can be frozen for up to 1 week. They don't need to be thawed before baking; simply increase cooking time to 35-40 min.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
