URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/46308251/mandis-soft-onion-sandwich-rolls/
Title:
Mandi's Soft Onion Sandwich Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3/4 cup lukewarm milk (may substitute water)
5 tablespoons lukewarm water
3 tablespoons butter, softened
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
3 tablespoons white sugar
1 teaspoon onion powder
1/4 cup dried minced onion (onion flakes)
1/4 cup instant potato flakes (optional)
3 cups all-purpose flour
2.5 teaspoons active dry yeast
1 egg white
1 tablespoon water
2 tablespoons dried minced onion (optional for top of buns)

Directions:
In a mixing bowl, dissolve yeast in water.
Add milk, minced onion, potato flakes, onion powder, butter, sugar, salt and 2 cups flour;  beat until smooth.
Turn out onto a floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic, adding in remaining flour, about 6-8 minutes.
Place in a greased bowl.
Cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled,  about 1 hour.
Punch dough down and knead on a lightly floured surface.
Cut into 8 equal pieces, and form into balls.
Gently flatten the balls until they are 4 inches in diameter. If they keep shrinking back, just let them relax for a minute before flattening.
Place on a greased baking sheet,  and cover loosely with a towel.
Set in a draft-free place to rise until doubled in size,  about 40 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F .
Whisk together the egg white and water in a cup.  *TIP* Make sure the egg white is at room temperature so that the coldness does not deflate rolls on contact.
Brush over the tops of the risen rolls, and sprinkle with remaining minced onion, if desired.
Bake for 15 to 20 minutes in the preheated oven, until golden brown.
Cool completely on wire racks, then slice in half horizontally before using.

Submitter: 
mandylee
Description: 
For plain rolls, just omit onion ingredients.
This recipe calls for 2.5 teaspoons of yeast.  One envelope only contains 2.25 teaspoons, so you will need to buy 2 packages of yeast in order to get the desired amount.Modified from: Soft Onion Sandwich Rolls
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
3 hrs
Ready in:
3 hrs 20 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
