URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/47038859/basic-sauteed-chicken/
Title:
Basic Sautéed Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1-1 1/2 pounds small boneless, skinless chicken breasts (4 or 5)
Kosher salt
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 tablespoon butter
1/2 cup dry white wine and 1/2 cup chicken broth (or just use 1 cup chicken broth or another tasty liquid of your choosing if the wine is going to be too wine-y for your kids)
A bit of chopped parsley

Directions:
Begin by trimming the chicken breasts if they need trimming. I use my beloved kitchen scissors and snip off any shaggy bits of fat or gristle (even writing that now, I shuddered). If the breasts are large, take a large, sharp knife and cut each one parallel to the counter so that you end up with 2 skinny chicken breasts where once there was one thick one. Pat them dry with paper towels (this helps them brown) and sprinkle them with some kosher salt (I keep salt in small bowls and find it much easier to use that way).
Meanwhile, heat a very large pan over medium-high heat and add the butter, which should melt and foam, and the olive oil, which should stop the butter from burning. When the fat is all very hot but not turning black (recipes say "when the foam subsides"), add the chicken breasts in one layer. Now leave them alone for 5 or so minutes while the bottom gets nice and crusty and brown (if they seem at all disinclined to brown, then turn the heat up and leave them until they do). Use tongs or a spatula to flip them over as they're ready for flipping, and then cook another 4 or so minutes until the bottom is very brown and the chicken is cooked through: you may want to cut a piece open to check, but you should also try pressing a cooked breast with your fingertip so that you get a feel for its doneness, which will develop over time into the skill of knowing when it's done without cutting it.
Pile the chicken on a heat-proof plate and pop it into a warm (200-degree) oven while you "deglaze" the pan: pour the wine in and scrape with a spatula to dissolve all the yummy browned bits while the wine bubbles and boils furiously in the hot pan. When the wine has cooked down about halfway, add the broth, turn the heat to high, and cook until the sauce seems syrupy and delicious. Taste it for salt, then drizzle it over the chicken, sprinkle with parsley, and serve. Sometimes, if the chicken has browned but doesn't seem quite cooked through, I leave it in the pan while I make the sauce so that it can simmer in there a bit longer; this is a perfectly fine way to do it.

Submitter: 
Kristin DeLooff
Description: 

Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
