URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/47049148/sourdough-bread-no-knead/
Title:
Sourdough Bread (no knead) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/628108.jpg
Ingredients:
1 ½ cups + 2 Tbsp lukewarm water
¼ teaspoon dry active yeast
3 cups all-purpose flour
1 ¼ teaspoon salt
Cornmeal for dusting

Directions:
Dissolve yeast in water.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with dough hook or paddle attached, combine flour and salt. Turn mixer on to low speed and pour in yeast water until all ingredients are combined. (The dough is loose enough that I could use the wire whip attachment on my Bosch). Cover bowl tightly with plastic wrap or transfer dough to a bowl with a lid, cover and let rise on your counter for 14-18 hours at 70 degrees.
While the dough is still in the bowl and after the time has expired, use a wooden spoon to fold the dough over itself a few times to deflate. Cover again with plastic wrap or lid and let rest for 15 minutes.
While the dough is resting, cover a cookie sheet or large plate with a 9x13(ish) piece of parchment paper and generously sprinkle the parchment paper with corn meal. Shape dough into a round and place on top of cornmeal-ed parchment paper. Sprinkle corn meal on top of dough, cover with a lint free bread cloth and let rise for 2 hours.
Half-hour before dough is ready, put a 5-quart, round dutch oven pot with its lid into the oven and preheat the pot and oven to 450. After 30 minutes, take the dutch oven out of the oven and transfer the dough (parchment paper and all) into the warmed pot by gently lifting the sides of the parchment paper (not really a sling so much as a hammock) and lowering the hammock into the pot. Cook with lid on for 25-30 minutes. Remove lid and bake for another 5-10 minutes (varies with altitude).
Remove pot from oven and then remove bread from pot and let cool on a wire rack before slicing - if you can wait that long.

Submitter: 
Apron Appeal
Description: 
Not quite Boudin's but a great substitute.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 hr
Ready in:
24 hrs
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
