URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/47781/mounds-coconut-easter-basket-cake/
Title:
Mounds Coconut Easter Basket Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/984311.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (16 ounce) package moist white cake mix
1/2 cup MOUNDS® Sweetened Coconut Flakes
VANILLA FROSTING:
1/3 cup butter
3 1/2 cups powdered sugar, divided
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
4 tablespoons milk
COCONUT 'GRASS':
3 drops green food color
3/4 teaspoon water
1 1/2 cups MOUNDS® Sweetened Coconut Flakes
JOLLY RANCHER® Jelly Beans
HERSHEY®'S MINI KISSES™ Semisweet Baking Pieces
TWIZZLER'S® PULL 'N' PEEL Candy

Directions:
Prepare cake batter with whole eggs as directed on package; stir in 1/2 cup coconut.  Using 2 round 9-inch pans, bake and cool as directed.
Place 1 layer on serving plate, bottom side up; frost top with VANILLA FROSTING.  Place second layer on top, top side up.  Frost sides.  Mark a 6-inch circle from center of top layer.  Using fork, gently remove small amount of cake from within circle, forming an indentation to allow basket to be filled.  Lightly frost edges of top.
Cut lightweight cardboard into 14 x 3/4-inch strip for handle; cover with plastic wrap.  Bend and insert  handle ends into top of cake about 1-inch from sides; frost.  Decorate with jelly beans and single licorice strands.  When frosting on sides of cake is firm, with fork, alternately press fork tines vertically and horizontally, forming basket pattern.
Place COCONUT 'GRASS' on top; decorate with HERSHEY'S MINI KISSES Chocolate and assorted candies.  Separate licorice into 3 strand groups; twist and place around top rim.  Place jelly beans around bottom. Remove handle before serving.
VANILLA FROSTING:  Beat 1/3 cup softened butter in medium bowl.  Add 1 cup powdered sugar and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; beat well.  Add 2-1/2 cups powdered sugar alternately with 3 to 4 tablespoons milk; beat to spreading consistency.
COCONUT 'GRASS':  Combine 3 drops green food color with 3/4 teaspoon water; add to remaining 1-1/2 cups coconut.  Stir until evenly tinted; use immediately.

Submitter: 
HersheysKitchens.com
Description: 
A simple cake becomes an Easter wonder with this fun recipe from Hershey! Fill the Easter Basket with your favorite Hershey  confections and you've got an Easter centerpiece and delicious dessert all in one!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
