URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/47850979/braised-short-ribs-with-chocolate-and-rosemary/
Title:
BRAISED SHORT RIBS with CHOCOLATE and ROSEMARY Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/4 cup diced pancetta (Italian bacon; about 1 ½ ounces)
6 pounds bone-in short ribs
2 1/2 cups finely chopped onions
1/2 cup finely chopped shallots
1/2 cup finely chopped celery
1/2 cup finely chopped peeled carrots
3 garlic cloves, minced
2 cups dry red wine
3 cups low-salt chicken broth
2 cups chopped drained canned diced tomatoes
2 Tbsp. chopped fresh parsley
1 very large fresh thyme sprig
1 bay leaf
3 Tbsp. shaved or grated bittersweet chocolate
2 Tbsp. unsweetened cocoa powder
1 Tbsp. finely chopped fresh rosemary

Directions:
Heat heavy large pot over medium heat.  Add pancetta and sauté until crisp.  Using slotted spoon, transfer pancetta to paper towels to drain.
Sprinkle ribs with salt and pepper.  Working in batches, brown ribs in drippings in pot over medium-high heat until brown on all sides, about 8 minutes per batch.
Transfer to slow cooker.  Add onions and next 4 ingredients to pot.  Cover, reduce heat to medium and cook until vegetables are soft, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes.
Add wine.  Boil uncovered until liquid is reduced by half, scraping browned bits, about 5 minutes.
Add broth, tomatoes, parsley, thyme, bay leaf and pancetta.
Add to ribs in slow cooker and cook on low several hours.  Uncover and simmer (on high heat) until rib meat is tender. Spoon fat from surface or sauce.   Take ribs out temporarily and remove excess fat and bones if you wish.
Transfer sauce to saucepan for next step. Boil sauce until beginning to thicken, about 8 minutes.  Reduce heat to medium.  Add chocolate, cocoa powder and rosemary; stir until chocolate melts.   Season to taste with salt and pepper.
Return all to slow cooker with meat.  Simmer to re-warm.

Submitter: 
Here's To Good Friends
Description: 

Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
