URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/48619441/peninsula-cranberry-pot-roast/
Title:
Peninsula Cranberry Pot Roast Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup flour
2 tsp salt
1/4 tsp pepper
3.5 lb. boneless chuck roast
1/4 cup vegetable oil
2 stalks celery, diced
2 cloves garlic, minced
2 cups dry red wine
3 cups beef broth or stock
1 Tbl. red wine vinegar
1 can (16 oz.) whole berry cranberry sauce
1 orange, unpeeled, quartered
4 medium carrots, peeled and cut in 2 inch pieces
2 onions, peeled and quartered
2 whole cloves
1 bay leaf
1/4 tsp ground cinnamom
1/2 tsp dried whole thyme
Pot roast gravy (4 cups)
4 cups reserved pot roast cooking liquid
3 to 4 Tbl butter
1/4 cup reserved seasoned flour
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
To make the pot roast:  Combine the flour, salt and pepper; reserve 1/4 cup. Rub the remaining seasoned flour into the surface of the meat, coating well.  Heat the oil in a large Dutch over over moderately high heat until hot.
Brown the roast well on all sides, about 6 to 7 minutes total browning time.  Add the celery and garlic, and cook, stirring, for 30 seconds or so.  Pour in the wine while scraping up the browned bits on the bottom of the pan.  Add the broth, vinegar, cranberry sauce, orange, carrots, onions, cloves, bay leaf, connamon and thyme.
Bring to a boil, cover, reduce the heat to low and simmer 3 to 3.5 hours, or until fork tender.
Remove roast to a serving dish and arrange the carrots and onions around it.  (Discard the orange pieces.)  Serve slices of roast topped with gravy and garnished with the cooked vegetables.
To make the gravy: Measure out 4 cups of the pot roast cooking liquid.  Melt the butter in a medium, heavy bottom saucepan over moderate heat.  Measure out 1/4 cup of the seasoned flour and whisk in the butter.  Cook for 1 minute then vigorously whisk in the reserved cooking liquid.  Cook, whisking often, until thickened and free of lumps.  Season with salt and pepper.

Submitter: 
daf
Description: 
This is a Kathy Casey Winter Warmer slow-simmering one-dish meal. This also works great in the slow cooker for 6+ hours! Made at Coco's cabin 2001, then Christmas 2003 for the gang. The cranberries give it extra zing!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
4 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
