URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/50382150/buttery-soft-pretzels/
Title:
Buttery Soft Pretzels Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 teaspoons active dry yeast
1 teaspoon white sugar
1 1/4 cups warm water (110 degrees F/45 degrees C)
4 cups all-purpose flour
1/2 cup white sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 tablespoon melted butter
1/4 cup baking soda
2 cups hot water
1/4 cup kosher salt, for topping

Directions:
In a small bowl, dissolve yeast and 1 teaspoon sugar in warm water. Let stand until creamy, about 10 minutes.
In a large bowl, mix together flour, 1/2 cup sugar, and salt. Make a well in the center; add the oil and yeast mixture.  Mix and form into a dough. If the mixture is dry, add one or two tablespoons of water. Knead the dough until smooth, about 7 to 8 minutes. Lightly oil a large bowl, place the dough in the bowl and turn to coat with oil. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). In a large bowl, dissolve baking soda in hot water.
When risen, turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface and divide into 12 equal pieces.  Roll each piece into a rope and twist into a pretzel shape.    Once all of the dough is all shaped, dip each pretzel into the baking soda solution and place on a greased baking sheet. Sprinkle with kosher salt.
Bake in preheated oven for 8 minutes, until browned.

Submitter: 
TeachKids2Cook
Description: 
After spending so much money on those Mall bought pretzels, I thought I'd try making some myself.  So here's a recipe that has worked for me.  These pretzels are a bit sweeter than other types and are buttery.  These are great plain with a bit of pretzel salt or coated with cinnamon and sugar.  Once finished, dip the hot pretzel in melted butter and coat with your favorite flavors. Enjoy!Modified from: Buttery Soft Pretzels
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 hrs
Ready in:
2 hrs 20 min
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
