URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/50415654/graham-cracker-chewy-bars/
Title:
Graham Cracker Chewy Bars Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Crust:
3 cups graham cracker crumbs
3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) butter, at room temperature
1/4 cup sugar
Topping:
2 1/2 cups brown sugar
4 extra-large eggs
2/3 cup graham cracker crumbs
1 tablespoon vanilla extract
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 cup pecans, chopped
Powdered sugar, if desired

Directions:
Heat the oven to 350 degrees.
Crust:
In a large bowl with an electric mixer, or in the bowl of a stand mixer, beat the graham cracker crumbs, butter, sugar and flour until moist and well-blended. Press the mixture firmly and evenly over the bottom of a 13-inch by 9-inch baking pan. Bake until the crust is golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes.
Topping and Assembly:
While the crust is baking, in a large bowl, whisk together the brown sugar and eggs to blend. Whisk in the graham cracker crumbs, vanilla, salt and baking powder until well-blended. Stir in the pecans. 2. Spread the mixture over the baked crust and return to the 350-degree oven until the filling is dark-golden on top and jiggles slightly when tapped, 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer the pan to a cooling rack and cool completely. 3. Sprinkle a light coating of sifted powdered sugar over the pan if desired, and cut into 24 bars. The bars can be made 1 day in advance. Wrap in plastic and keep at room temperature.

Submitter: 
Celeste
Description: 
Adapted from Celebrating With Julienne by Susan Campoy. Campoy writes, I adapted this recipe from one of my favorite books, 'Nantucket Open-House Cookbook,' by Sarah Leah Chase. I love watching people's expressions when they bite into these bars for the first time. The textures and flavors -- rich toffee, a chewy center and a crunchy bottom -- make everyone smile. The secret is not to over-bake the crust. Serve them at room temperature, so the flavors meld together.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
0
Ready in:
45 min.
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
