URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/50479463/lindas-cinnamon-rolls-with-joyces-peanut-butter-roll-variation/
Title:
Linda’s Cinnamon Rolls with Joyce's Peanut Butter Roll variation Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Dough:
1 pkg. yeast
1¼ cup water
1/3 cup dried milk
2 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
3½ cups flour
1 large egg
2 tablespoon shortening
Filling:
½ cup sugar
¼ cup margarine, melted
1½ teaspoon cinnamon
Frosting:
1½ cup powdered sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 tablespoon water

Directions:
Dough:
Mix yeast, dried milk, sugar, salt and 2 cups flour together in mixing bowl.
Mix in shortening.
Stir in water.
When mixed well, add egg.  Gradually stir in remaining flour until a soft dough is formed.  (Make sure that it’s not too soft!)
Let dough rise until double.
** Roll into a rectangle.
Mix filling  ingredients together.
Spread with filling and nuts and raisins, if desired.
Roll up.
Cut into 12 pieces.
Place in greased pan.
Let rise until double.
Bake at 350 degrees for 20 25 minutes or until golden brown.  Mix frosting ingredients together while rolls are baking.
Drizzle with glaze while still warm.
* For richer rolls increase sugar and/or shortening to ¼  cup.
Filling:
**Version 1:  Melt margarine and stir in sugar and cinnamon; spread evenly on dough.
Version 2: Spread margarine on dough.  Mix sugar and cinnamon; sprinkle evenly on dough.
Frosting:
Mix powdered sugar and vanilla together.  Add water or milk a little at a time until desired consistency.
Refrigerator Directions:
You may refrigerate the dough right after mixing and let it rise in the refrigerator.  If the dough was very warm or if it’s in the refrigerator more than 6-8 hours you may need to punch it down.  I usually grease a Tupperware bowl, turn the dough over and cover the top with Saran Wrap even if I put a lid on it.  This keeps the dough from drying out on top.  Before shaping, I get the dough out and let it warm up a little.  I find it easier to work with if it’s a little cold.  After shaping the dough, cutting and placing in pan, place in the refrigerator.  You can keep refrigerated from 2-24 hours.  Before baking let sit at room temperature while preheating the oven.  Bake at directed above.  You may need to add a little time for baking.
Peanut Butter Roll Filling
1 cup Peanut Butter
1 Tbsp Margarine
½ cup Honey
Peanut butter Glaze
2 cups Powdered Sugar
½ tsp Vanilla
1 Tbsp Milk
1 Tbsp Peanut Butter

Submitter: 
KramerGirls
Description: 
I use this recipe for Caramel Pecan Rolls, Peanut Butter Rolls and Cinnamon Rolls
Source: Linda Hedstrom
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
90 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
