URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/50615659/broiled-vegetable-terrine/
Title:
BROILED VEGETABLE TERRINE Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 large red bell peppers, quartered, cored and seeded
2 large yellow bell peppers, quartered, cored and seeded
1 large eggplant, sliced lengthwise
2 large zucchini, sliced lengthwise
6 Tbsp olive oil
1 large red onion, thinly sliced
1/2 cup raisins
1 Tbsp tomato paste
1 Tbsp red wine vinegar
1 2/3 cups tomato juice
2 Tbsp gelatin
fresh basil leaves, to garnish
For the Dressing:
6 Tbsp extra virgin olive oil
2 Tbsp red wine vinegar
salt and freshly ground black pepper

Directions:
Place the prepared red and yellow peppers skin side up under a hot broiler and cook until the skins are blackened.  Transfer to a bowl and cover with a plate.  Allow to cool.
Arrange the eggplant and zucchini slices on separate baking sheets.  Brush them with a little oil and broil, in batches if necessary, turning occasionally, until tender and golden.
When the peppers are cool, peel off the skins and then rinse the peppers under running water.  Cut into thick strips and set aside.
Heat the remaining olive oil in a frying pan, and add the sliced onion, raisins, tomato paste and red wine vinegar.  Cook gently until soft and syrupy.  Let the mixture cool in the frying pan.
Line a 7 1/2 cup terrine with plastic wrap (it helps to lightly oil the terrine first), leaving a little hanging over the sides.
Pour half the tomato juice into a small saucepan and sprinkle the gelatin over the top.  Dissolve gently over a low heat, stirring occasionally. Do not allow gelatin mixture to boil or it may not set properly.
Place a thin layer of red peppers in the bottom of the terrine, and pour in enough of the tomato juice and gelatin mixture to cover.  Continue layering the eggplant, zucchini, yellow peppers and onion mixture, finishing with another layer of red peppers.  Pour a little of the tomato juice and gelatin mixture over each layer of vegetables. Add the remaining tomato juice to any left in the pan, and pour into the terrine.  Give the terrine a sharp tap, to disperse the juice, then cover and transfer to the fridge to set.
To make the dressing, whisk together the oil and vinegar, and season.  Turn out the terrine and remove the plastic wrap.  Cut the terrine into thick slices and serve, drizzled with a little of the dressing. Garnish with basil leaves.

Submitter: 
Here's To Good Friends
Description: 

Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
