URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/50666341/greek-pasta-salad/
Title:
Greek Pasta Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Dijon Vinaigrette
1/4 cup rice wine vinegar (or white wine vinegar)
2 tablespoons Dijon mustard
1 large clove garlic, minced
Big pinch of salt
Black pepper, to taste
1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil
Pasta Salad
2 medium zucchini, thinly sliced lengthwise
1 medium yellow pepper, halved lengthwise, seeded
2 tablespoons olive oil
Ground black pepper and salt, to taste
2 tablespoons salt for pasta water
1 pound medium pasta shells
8 ounces cherry tomatoes, halved
3/4 cup coarsely chopped, pitted olives
1 cup crumbled feta cheese
1/2 small red onion, cut into small dice
2 teaspoons dried oregano

Directions:
To make the vinaigrette, whisk together the first five ingredients, then slowly whisk in the oil for a thick consistency. Pour into a jar with a tight-fitting lid to transport it to the picnic.
Adjust oven rack to highest position and turn broiler on high. Toss zucchini and bell pepper with olive oil, salt and pepper, and arrange on a large baking sheet with sides. Broil eight to 10 minutes, until spotty brown, turning zucchini slices and pepper halves once. Set aside in a large bowl to cool, then cut into bite-sized pieces.
Bring 1 gallon of water and 2 Tbs. of salt to boil. Add pasta; boil using package times, until just tender. Drain thoroughly (do not rinse) and dump onto the baking sheet. Set aside to cool.
Put vegetables, pasta and remaining ingredients (except dressing) in the bowl or a gallon-sized zipper bag (can be refrigerated for several hours). To serve, add dressing; toss to coat.

Submitter: 
Diane
Description: 
The ideal outdoor meal: this colorful main-course pasta salad chock-full of protein, vegetables and bold flavorings. For fresh flavor and peak texture, toss the salad right before serving. Pack the dressing in a jar and the salad ingredients in a gallon-sized zipper bag. When ready to serve, drizzle on the dressing, close the bag and squeeze it all over until the dressing completely coats the salad. Pour into a serving bowl.Modified from: Greek Pasta Salad with Shrimp, Tomatoes, Zucchini, Peppers, and Feta
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35 min
Ready in:
52 min
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
