URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/50816/classy-chicken/
Title:
Classy Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F42585.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup all-purpose flour
4  boneless, skinless chicken breast halves
salt and pepper to taste
2 tablespoons butter or margarine
½ cup dry white wine
½ cup fat-free chicken broth
1 tablespoon Dijon mustard
1  zucchini cut in half lengthwise, then sliced diagonally
5  sun-dried tomatoes, chopped
1 clove garlic
1 teaspoon dill weed
⅓ cup fat-free sour cream

Directions:
Place the flour into a shallow dish. Season chicken with salt and pepper, and then dredge in flour. Shake off excess. Heat the butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Brown the chicken breasts on each side, about 3 minutes per side.
Pour the chicken broth and white wine into the skillet, and scrape any chicken residue from the pan for flavor. Stir in the mustard. Cover, and cook for a few minutes until chicken is 'springy', but not cooked through. Add the zucchini and sun-dried tomatoes, then season with garlic and dill weed. Cover, and cook until the zucchini is tender and the chicken is cooked through, about 5 to 10 minutes.
Remove the chicken to a platter, and remove the pan from the heat. Stir sour cream into the pan liquid. If most of the liquid has evaporated, stir in a bit more wine or broth first. Season with salt to taste, and serve chicken with sauce poured over it.

Submitter: 
MONICA DEREGT
Description: 
An elegant, easy-to-make chicken dish bursting with flavors of sun dried tomatoes and creamy white wine sauce.  My husband calls it the classiest meal I serve because it's exactly like what you order in a fancy restaurant!  Very low in fat and calories, and it only takes 1/2 hour from start to finish.  Pairs nicely with roasted baby potatoes and steamed broccoli.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
424 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.4
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
35 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
349 calories
8.6
g fat
31.5
g carbohydrates
29.3
g protein
79
mg cholesterol
399
mg sodium.
