URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/51222060/easy-mashed-potato-and-roasted-vegetable-enchiladas/
Title:
Easy Mashed Potato and Roasted Vegetable Enchiladas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 head broccoli, cut into florets
8 ounces whole button mushrooms
3 small zucchini, chopped
2 cups chopped carrots
1/4 cup olive oil
salt and pepper to taste
3 cups water
1 cup milk
1/4 cup butter
2 cups mashed potato flakes
1 (12 ounce) package corn tortillas
3 cups enchilada sauce
8 ounces shredded Cheddar cheese
2 tsp taco seasoning

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Start potatoes boiling.
In a large mixing bowl, combine broccoli, mushrooms, zucchini, and carrots. Drizzle the vegetables with olive oil, and season with salt and pepper. Stir in taco seasoning.  Spread vegetables in a single layer in a shallow baking dish. Roast vegetables in the preheated oven for 30 to 40 minutes; stir halfway through their cooking time. When finished cooking, remove from the oven, and reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Mash potatoes, add milk and butter, salt to taste.
Stir roasted vegetables into the mashed potatoes.
In a dry, nonstick skillet over medium heat, quickly heat each tortilla on both sides to make pliable. Dip the tortillas in enchilada sauce. Put a large spoonful (approximately 1/4 to 1/3 cup) of potato-veggie mixture into the center of each tortilla. Top mixture with about 1 to 2 tablespoons cheese, and roll tortillas. Place seam-side down in a 9x13 inch baking dish. Pour extra sauce over top, and sprinkle with remaining cheese.
Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for approximately 20 to 30 minutes, or until the enchiladas are heated through.

Submitter: 
Diana Ackaret
Description: 
This is the perfect comfort food for cold days. To make it vegan, substitute non-dairy ingredients for dairy. Leftover filling makes a great lunch! If you want to make mashed potatoes from scratch, you will want at least 4 cups when you are through.Modified from: Easy Mashed Potato and Roasted Vegetable Enchiladas
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 min
Ready in:
1 hr 50 min
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
