URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/51586078/asian-beef-noodle-soup/
Title:
Asian Beef Noodle Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the broth
4 cups chicken or beef broth
4 cups water
2 thin slices peeled ginger
2 whole pieces star anise
1 small 1/2-inch section cinnamon stick
1/4 shallot, thinly sliced
2 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce, plus extra for serving
1/8 teaspoon pepper
For the garnish
8 ounces dried Asian rice noodles
1/2 pound boneless beef sirloin or London broil, trimmed of any fat, frozen
1 small head romaine lettuce, shredded, or 2 cups shredded Savoy cabbage
1 rounded cup bean sprouts
1 red or green bell pepper, seeded, stemmed and thinly sliced
3 scallions, minced
1/2 cup thinly sliced radish
1 cup fresh cilantro sprigs
1/2 jalapeño pepper, seeded, stemmed and minced
1/2 cup fresh basil leaves
1/4 cup fresh mint leaves
Salt
2 tablespoons peanuts, chopped
Lime wedges, for garnish
Toasted sesame oil, for serving
Hoisin sauce, for serving

Directions:
For the cooking liquid, in a large saucepan, bring the broth, water, ginger, star anise, cinnamon and shallot to a boil. Reduce heat to very low, partially cover, and simmer 15 minutes; remove spices with a slotted spoon. Add soy sauce and pepper; set aside.
Meanwhile, in a large bowl, soak noodles in cold water to cover until softened and pliable, 30 minutes. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.
With a very sharp knife, cut uncooked beef across the grain into very thin slices; arrange on a serving plate and refrigerate until ready to serve. Arrange all of the other vegetables, herbs, chopped peanuts and lime wedges on a second, large platter.
Drain noodles in a colander. Add to boiling water and cook, stirring, 45 seconds. Drain noodles again.
To serve, bring broth to a boil. Divide steak slices between 4 large serving bowls. Ladle broth over noodles. Add noodles, vegetables and herbs to each bowl. Diners can season their soup with lime wedges, salt, soy sauce, sesame oil, and/or hoisin sauce, as they like.

Submitter: 
interdesignmsu
Description: 

Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
