URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/51585732/chicken-caesar-salad/
Title:
Chicken Caesar Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the salad
8 ounces chicken breast, skinless
Olive oil to brush onto the chicken and on the toast
4 thin (melba thin) slices baguette on the diagonal
1/2 medium garlic clove
2 heads baby romaine lettuce
1 large, free-range egg
One handful of arugula and mustard cress
2 tablespoons finely grated Parmesan
1 tablespoon sunflower seeds
For the dressing
2 tablespoons fat-free Greek yogurt
1/2 garlic clove
1 teaspoon Dijon mustard
1 teaspoon malt vinegar
1 tablespoon olive oil
Salt and black pepper

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Brush the chicken with a little olive oil.
On a hot grill pan, sear the chicken breast for 4 to 5 minutes before flipping over and doing the same on the other side.
While the chicken is searing, prepare the baguette toasts. Slice the baguette on the diagonal and place on a baking sheet. Brush on a little olive oil. Toast the bread for about 10 minutes, until crisp. Rub with the garlic clove.
Once you have strong grill marks over the chicken breast on both sides, cover your pan with foil and place into the hot oven on the higher shelf for 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, wash the lettuce and spin dry.
Meanwhile, wash the lettuce and spin dry.
To make the dressing, combine all the ingredients into a small mixing bowl and stir together with a whisk. Taste and season before setting aside.
Put the washed and dried salad leaves into a big bowl with the dressing. Toss for a couple of minutes to make sure that all the leaves are coated. Add the shaved/grated Parmesan and arugula. Toss once again.
Remove the chicken from the oven and let it cool down enough to handle before slicing on the diagonal.
Plate up the salad, making sure that the chicken is evenly distributed.
Tuck the crispy baguette toasts on the side of the salad and add half the soft-boiled egg. Finally, grind over some black pepper, scatter the sunflower seeds, and serve.

Submitter: 
interdesignmsu
Description: 

Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
