URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/51584083/spinach-and-mushroom-vegie-lasagna/
Title:
Spinach and Mushroom Vegie Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
tablespoons olive oil
1 1/2 pounds cremini and/or shiitake mushrooms, sliced
1 teaspoon dried thyme
Kosher salt
1 15-ounce container part-skim ricotta
3/4 cup skim milk
2 eggs, lightly beaten
3 cups shredded, part-skim mozzarella cheese, divided evenly
3/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1 10-ounce box frozen chopped spinach, defrosted and drained
1/3 cup chopped fresh basil, plus more to garnish
1 teaspoon dried oregano
Freshly ground black pepper
5 cups tomato sauce
12 sheets no-cook lasagna noodles
Nonstick cooking spray

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the mushrooms and thyme and season with salt. Cook until softened, about 10 to 12 minutes.
In a medium bowl, combine the ricotta, milk and eggs, and stir. Add 1 cup of mozzarella, Parmesan, spinach, basil and oregano; season with salt and pepper and stir to incorporate.
Spread 1 cup of tomato sauce in the bottom of a 9-x-13-x-2-inch pan. Layer 4 sheets of lasagna on top, slightly overlapping. Spread half the ricotta mixture on the noodles, and cover with half the mushroom mixture. Top with 1 1/2 cups tomato sauce. Repeat with 4 sheets of lasagna pasta, remaining ricotta mixture, remaining mushrooms and 1 1/2 cups tomato sauce. Cover with the remaining 4 sheets of lasagna, the remaining cup of tomato sauce and the remaining mozzarella cheese.
Lightly coat a sheet of aluminum foil with nonstick spray and cover the uncooked lasagna, spray-side down. Bake at 375 degrees, covered, until bubbly, about 45 minutes. Remove foil from lasagna and increase the oven temperature to 450 degrees. Cook until cheese browns, about 12 minutes. Remove from the oven and let stand for 15 minutes before cutting. Serve warm and garnish with basil.

Submitter: 
interdesignmsu
Description: 

Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
