URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/51842459/sauteed-spinach-with-grilled-turkey-sausage-and-red-pepper-cornbread/
Title:
Sauteed Spinach with Grilled Turkey Sausage and Red Pepper Cornbread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the sausage and spinach saute
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 pound lean turkey sausage (about 1 package) sliced into 1-inch rounds
2 cloves garlic, minced
3 10-ounce packages organic baby spinach
1 lemon
1/4 cup low-sodium chicken broth
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon pepper
For the red pepper–rosemary corn bread
1 whole red pepper
1/2 cup self-rising flour
1 cup fine polenta (cornmeal)
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoon dried or fresh rosemary leaves, chopped very fine
1/4 cup pitted black olives (optional)
2 medium free-range eggs
1 cup buttermilk
1 tablespoon honey

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees for the red pepper–rosemary corn bread.
To make the sausage and spinach: Heat a Dutch oven over medium heat; add the oil and saute the sliced sausage and garlic. Zest the lemon and set aside. Juice the lemon and set aside. Add spinach, lemon juice and zest, and chicken stock; cover and cook until spinach is cooked down, about 5 minutes. Halfway through cooking, toss spinach mixture with tongs. Season with salt and pepper.
To make the red pepper–rosemary corn bread: Heat the loaf pan in the oven while the oven is warming up and you are preparing the recipe.
Put the red pepper (halved and middle removed) onto a baking sheet. Place under a hot grill, skin side up, for 10 minutes until the skin is blistered and blackened.
Remove the red pepper from the oven; immediately place it into a small plastic bag and steam for a further 5 minutes. Carefully peel the skin from the red pepper. Slice thinly and add to the mix.
In a smaller bowl, whisk the eggs, buttermilk and honey with a fork until well combined. Mix into the dry ingredients, trying to avoid breaking up the peppers as much as possible. If you decide to add the pitted olives to the corn bread, now is the time. Just dice them up and add with the dry ingredients.
Take the hot pan out of the oven and brush over a little olive oil. Sprinkle with a little cornmeal all over and add in the bread mixture. This will prevent the bread from sticking to the base and sides.
Place in the middle of the oven and bake at 350 degrees for 35 to 45 minutes or until a skewer inserted into the bread comes out clean.

Submitter: 
interdesignmsu
Description: 

Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
