URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/51841757/tuna-salad-rolls/
Title:
Tuna Salad Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the marinated cucumber salad
1 cucumber, peeled, and sliced thin
1/4 cup rice wine vinegar
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon sugar
1 teaspoon sesame seeds, toasted in a dry skillet over low heat until fragrant, 3 to 5 minutes
For the dipping sauce
1/4 cup rice wine vinegar
2 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce
1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil
1 rounded teaspoon slivered fresh ginger
For the edamame
3 cups frozen edamame in the shell
1 1/2 teaspoons salt, for water
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, to taste
For assembling
7 ounces water-packed albacore tuna, drained
1 tablespoon olive oil
Salt, to taste
Pepper, to taste
32 leaves Boston lettuce, bottom (1/2-inch) core removed
2 small bunches cilantro
2 small bunches mint
2 red bell peppers, stemmed, seeded, cored and cut into thin strips
2 cups broccoli sprouts
8 scallions, trimmed and cut into 3-inch sections, thick ends split in half lengthwise

Directions:
For the cucumbers, toss the cucumber with the vinegar and salt in a bowl; set aside while you prepare the rest of the recipe. Just before serving, stir in the sugar and sesame seeds.
For the dipping sauce, stir together the ingredients in a small bowl; set aside.
For the tuna, in a small bowl, combine the tuna and olive oil, and season lightly with salt and pepper.
Arrange lettuce, herbs, bell pepper, sprouts and scallions on a platter.
To make each roll, overlap 2 lettuce leaves on a plate, stem ends facing up. Arrange 4 sprigs cilantro and 3 to 4 mint leaves horizontally in the center of the overlapped lettuce leaves. Spoon about one-eighth of the tuna on top. Arrange 3 to 4 pepper strips, and some of the scallions, horizontally on top, leaving 1 to 1 1/2 inches of the lettuce free at the bottom. Add about 1 tablespoon sprouts. Spoon some of the dipping sauce over. Fold the bottom of the lettuce up over the tuna and vegetables. Fold in the right side, and roll to the left to make a roll, open at the top. Spoon a little more of the dipping sauce onto the open top, and eat immediately over a plate to catch juices.
To make the edamame: Bring 4 cups of water to a boil in a saucepan, add edamame and 1 teaspoon salt, and boil for 4 minutes. Drain and sprinkle with 1/2 teaspoon of kosher salt.

Submitter: 
interdesignmsu
Description: 

Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
