URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/52054408/intensely-pumpkin-ravioli/
Title:
Intensely Pumpkin Ravioli Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (15 ounce) can pumpkin puree, divided use
1 teaspoon salt, divided use
2 tablespoons brown sugar
1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon garam masala
2-3/4 cups all-purpose flour, divided use
1 tablespoon olive oil
2 eggs
2 tablespoons water

Directions:
For the filling:  mix all but 1/4 cup of the pumpkin, 1/2 teaspoon salt, garam masala, nutmeg, and brown sugar.  Set aside.
For the dough mixture, use the pasta dough setting of your bread machine, and place the following ingredients into the vessel/pan according to manufacturer directions:  2 cups of the flour, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/4 cup of the pumpkin, oil, eggs, water.
For the Kitchen Aid pasta sheet attachment, divide the dough into 4 equal parts and flatten enough to feed each part through the widest setting.  Continue to fold and feed the dough pursuant to manufacturer directions and applying a dusting of flour to each section of dough each and every time after it is fed through the rollers.  Continue until the pasta sheets are fed through the roller setting recommended for preparing ravioli, ensuring that the width of the dough is as wide as as the roller attachment will allow.
For the Kitchen Aid ravioli attachment, lay the dough in the attachment and set up the hopper as recommended.  Stir pumpkin filling and slowly add the filling to the hopper as recommended.  As ravioli pillow sheets are being completed, lay them onto a flour-dusted baking sheet until all ravioli have been prepared.
Carefully tear or, using a pizza cutter, cut between the rows of filling to make ravioli.  The scraps can be dusted with flour, laid on a baking sheet, and frozen; then place them into the appropriate freezing containers for future use.
Let the ravioli rest for about 1/2 hour.  Ravioli that won't be immediately cooked can be frozen as directed about with the pasta scraps.
Cook ravioli in 4 quarts of boiling salted water until tender.  Drain carefully.

Submitter: 
1GoodCooker
Description: 
This recipe leverages the efficiency of having a bread machine knead the pasta dough and a set of Kitchen Aid mixer attachments to create the pasta sheets and ravioli pillows all in less time than traditional methods.  You may want to have at least two baking sheets dusted with flour on which to lay the pasta as you work as well as when you are done with preparation.  This is delicious served on a bed of fresh baby spinach with a savory herb and red bell pepper butter sauce that you can create to your liking.Modified from: Pumpkin Ravioli
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
90
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
