URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/52248689/easy-slow-cooker-chicken/
Title:
Easy Slow Cooker Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
1 (10.75 ounce) can  condensed cream of chicken soup
1 (10.75 ounce) can  condensed cream of mushroom soup
1 (10.75 ounce) can  condensed cream of celery soup
1 bag of frozen steamed rice
1 bag of frozen steamable mixed vegetables (green beans, carrots, and corn) (drained)
2 handfuls of finely chopped onion
1 handful of finely chopped green pepper
6 dashes of seasoned salt and black pepper
4 dashes of garlic power, and onion powder
2 dashes of celery salt and yellow mustard
1 half can of water (just in case)

Directions:
In crock pot,  pour cream of chicken soup, cream of mushroom soup, and cream of celery soup. 2 handfuls of chopped onion. 1 handful of chopped green pepper. Top with 4 dashes of seasoned salt and black pepper,  2 dashes of garlic powder and onion powder, and one dash of celery salt and yellow mustard.   (add about 2 tbsps of water if necessary for desired thickness). Mix well
Microwave your steamable mixed veggies. Cut chicken breast into large chunks.
Put chicken chunks and mixed veggies in soup mixture.   Turn crock pot on low for 4 hours.
After 3 hours,  microwave the rice.  Put cooked and drained rice in the soup mixture for the remaining time.  Top with the remaining 2 dashes of seasoned salt, black pepper, onion powder, garlic power, and one dash of the celery salt and yellow mustard.  If mixutre is too thick, add a little bit of water at a time until the desired conisistency is reached. Mix well and let simmer for the remaining hour.

Submitter: 
Kristen Tyler Griffin
Description: 
Chicken and soup in the crock pot, what could be quicker and easier.Modified from: Easy Slow Cooker Chicken
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
4 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
