URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/52679434/shrimp-scampi-on-lemony-angel-hair-pasta/
Title:
Shrimp Scampi on  Lemony Angel Hair Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1089024.jpg
Ingredients:
Kosher salt
1	pound angel hair pasta
8	garlic cloves, crushed (6 teaspoons not 3 teaspoons and I think it needs more), (12 teaspoons)
½ 	cup fresh flat leaf parsley (a couple of generous handfuls), chopped
Fresh ground black pepper
¼	cup extra virgin olive oil
24	medium size raw shrimp, peeled, deveined, and tails removed
½	teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes
½	cup dry white wine
Zest and juice of 1 lemon (I want to try 2 lemons zest and juice)
5	tablespoons cold unsalted butter
2	ladles pasta cooking water (about ½ to ¾ cup)

Directions:
1.	  Place a large pot of water over high heat to boil.  Salt the water and cook the angel hair pasta until al dente, with a bite.  Reserve a couple of ladles of cooking water before draining the pasta.
2.	While the pasta cooks.  Heat a large skillet over medium heat.   In a bowl combine the garlic, parsley, salt, pepper, and olive oil.  Toss the shrimp with half of the garlic mixture to coat evenly.  Transfer the shrimp to the hot sauté pan.  Add lemon ½ the lemon zest,  and cook for about 2 to 3 minutes on each side, until the shrimp are firm and opaque.  Remove shrimp from skillet and cover to keep warm.
3.	Return skillet to burner.  Add the reserved garlic mixture and the red pepper flakes; cook for 1 to 2 minutes, or until the garlic is lightly golden brown.  Add the wine to the skillet and cook for 1 minute, then add 2 ladles of the pasta cooking water and the lemon zest and juice and continue to cook for 2 minutes.  Add the butter and stir until melted.  Add the drained angel hair pasta, and toss to coat.  Taste to adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper.  Divide the pasta and shrimp among 4 serving plates.

Submitter: 
Semigourmet
Description: 
We Love this dish.  Garlicky buttery super flavorful dish!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
17 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
