URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/53011698/turkey-divan/
Title:
Turkey Divan Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
(varies depending on number of people feeding, I almost never measure anything)
4 cups shredded or diced turkey (or chicken) (dark meat works best in this recipe)
2 cans condensed cream of mushroom soup
1 cup white wine
fresh broccoli (2 bunches)
1 pkg of your favorite mushrooms (I use Baby Bellas)
Curry Powder
Minced Garlic
finely chopped onion to taste (usually 1 medium onion)
Hellmans (yes, it matters!) Mayonaise (1.5 cups)
Pepper to taste
Italian Bread Crumbs (enough to cover your dish when done)
stick butter, THINLY sliced (or 1 1/2 cups shredded white cheddar)
juice of 1/2 lemon
1/2 cup chopped parsley (optional)

Directions:
(assuming the meat is already cooked)
Shred (or dice) the turkey meat into bite sized pieces, and set aside for later use.
wash the broccoli and mushrooms and cut your favorite way (I prefer spears for the broccoli and sliced mushrooms) then drizzle with lemon juice and a pinch of salt, and layer them in the bottom of a large casserole dish
In a large bowl, mix together the soup,wine, mayonaise, curry powder (sometimes I also add onion and garlic powders to this recipe, depending on my mood), minced garlic, and chopped onion.  Mix together until curry is well blended (I usually add enough curry to color the mixture lightly yellow-it really is a matter of taste.) Sprinkle in the parsley, and then lightly spread a coating over the broccoli. Evenly spread the turkey over the broccoli, then add the mushrooms and some extra parsley, if you desire.  Cover this entirely with the remaining sauce, then sprinkle with the bread crumbs.  Here is where you have another option depending on mood-usually i cover the bread crumbs with thinly sliced butter to create a kind of 'crust' but the white cheddar makes a great topping with them as well.
Bake at 350 until topping is done (crisp) and serve hot from the casserole! Serves 6

Submitter: 
Coleman Bell
Description: 
An easy way to utilize leftover turkey, and to get kids to eat broccoli! This flavorful recipe was passed to me from my mom, who got it from her friend Luanne Eagle. Over the years I have made a few variations to Luanne's recipe, which originally called for frozen broccoli and margarine instead of fresh and butter, I also added the parsley later...enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20-25 minu
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
