URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/53029/tortilla-de-patata-spanish-tortilla/
Title:
Tortilla de Patata (Spanish Tortilla) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/1110405.jpg
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons butter
1 large red bell pepper, sliced into rings
1 fresh poblano chile pepper, sliced into rings
1 large onion, sliced
2 tablespoons bacon drippings
6 medium potatoes, peeled and sliced
8 eggs, lightly beaten
3 tablespoons water
2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley
salt and pepper to taste
1 1/2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese

Directions:
Place potatoes in a large bowl, cover with cold  water, and refrigerate for 30 minutes or so. Drain, pat dry, and season with salt.
Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Saute bell pepper, poblano pepper, and onion in  butter until soft. Remove from pan, and set aside. Melt remaining 2 tablespoons butter and bacon fat  in pan, and fry the potatoes until crisp and medium brown. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towels.
Preheat oven to 225 degrees F (110 degrees C).
Arrange the potatoes in a lightly-buttered, non-stick pan, preferably a deep, slope-sided skillet.  Arrange the onions and peppers over the potatoes, and then spread cheese over the top. In a mixing bowl, beat eggs with water, parsley, and salt and pepper; pour the mixture over the potatoes. Put the skillet in a larger pan with a half inch of water in it.
Bake in preheated oven until eggs set, about 30 to 40 minutes. Remove the tortilla, let cool, and loosen edges from the pan. Put a serving plate over the skillet, and flip the tortilla over onto the plate. Cut into small pie-shape wedges. Refrigerate until ready to serve; reheat if desired.

Submitter: 
MONICA SELF
Description: 
This is a fine Spanish potluck dish that can be served hot or cold, is inexpensive, delicious, and easy to pack. Hope there will be leftovers to take home, but don't count on it.
Categories:
Breakfast and Brunch
Eggs
Frittata

Number of ratings:
18 Ratings
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
244 calories
13.4
g fat
21.3
g carbohydrates
10.3
g protein
149
mg cholesterol
264
mg sodium.
