URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/53040234/almost-no-knead-bread/
Title:
Almost No-Knead Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 C. unbleached all-purpose flour, plusadditional for dusting work surface                            1/4 t. instant or rapid-rise yeast                              1 1/2 t. salt
3/4 C plus 2 T. water, at room temperature
1/4 C plus 2 T. mild-flavored lager
1 T white vinegar

Directions:
Whisk flour, yeast, and salt in large bowl. Add water, beer and vinegar. Using rubber spatula, fold mixture, scraping up dry flour from bottom of bowl until shaggy ball forms. Cover bowl with plastic wra and let sit at room temp. for 8-18 hrs.
Lay 12x18-inch sheet of parchment paper inside 10-in. skillet and spray with nonstick cooking spray. Transfer dough to lightly floured work surface and knead 10-15 times. Shape dough into ball by pulling edges into middle. Transfer dough, seam-side down, to parchment-lined skillet and spray surface of dough with nonstick cooking spray. Cover loosely with plastic wrap and let rise at room temp. until dough has doubled in sie and does not readily spring back when poked with finger, about 2 hrs.
About 30 min. before baking, adjust oven rack to lowest position, place 6-8-qt. heavy-bottomed Dutch oven (with lid) on rack, and heat oven to 500 degrees. Lightly flour top of dough and, using razor blade or sharp knife, make one 6-in. long, 1/2-in. deep slit along top of dough. Carefully remove pot from oven and remove lid. Pick up dough by lifting parchment  overhang and lower into pot (let any excess parchment hang over pot edge). Cover pot and place in oven. Reduce oven temp. to 425 degrees and bake covered for 30 min. Remove lid and continue to bake until loaf is deep brown and instant-read thermometer inserted into center registers 210 degrees, 20-30 min. longer. Carefully remove bread from pot; transfer to wire rack and cool to room temp, about 2 hrs.

Submitter: 
Judy Bodnar
Description: 
Enameled cast-iron Dutch oven with tight-fitting lid for best results, but also works in regular cast-iron Dutch oven or heavy stockpot. Use mild-flavored lager, such as Budweiser. Best eaten day it is baked but can be wrapped in aluminum foil and stored in cool, dry place for up to 2 days.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
