URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/53266341/mediterranean-chicken/
Title:
Mediterranean Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the chicken
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
1 lemon, washed and quartered
3 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
3 branches fresh rosemary or 1 teaspoon dried
4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, butterflied
For the salsa verde
1 cup flat-leaf parsley, chopped
1 cup mint leaves, chopped
2 cup basil, chopped
1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil
3 garlic cloves, finely chopped
3 tablespoons capers, rinsed and chopped
4 anchovy fillets, bones removed, soaked and chopped
1 tablespoon Dijon mustard
1 tablespoon red wine vinegar
1/8 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, or more to taste
Coarse sea salt, to taste
For the side of tomatoes
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 garlic clove, whole
1 pint cherry tomatoes
Splash of balsamic vinegar

Directions:
To marinate the chicken: In a large plastic sealable bag, squeeze the juice from the lemon and add the lemon itself. Add all the remaining ingredients, seal carefully, and massage the marinade into the chicken. Refrigerate for 30 minutes, or even overnight.
To make the salsa verde: Mix all ingredients in a small bowl. Set aside until serving. Refrigerate if made earlier in the day, and remove an hour or so before serving.
To cook the chicken: Lightly spray a stovetop cast iron griddle with oil and heat over medium-high heat until smoking.
Remove the chicken from the marinade and pat off excess marinade. Place the chicken on the griddle and cook about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Turn the chicken and cook 2 more minutes, until cooked through.
To make the tomatoes: Heat the oil in a small saute pan over medium-high heat. Add the garlic and tomatoes and splash of balsamic vinegar, and saute for 2 to 3 minutes, until the tomatoes are warmed through. Crush lightly with a wooden spoon and serve.
Place the chicken on a platter and top with the salsa verde with the tomatoes on the side.

Submitter: 
interdesignmsu
Description: 

Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
