URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/53266268/orange-and-lemon-cake/
Title:
Orange and Lemon Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the cake
3 large eggs
1/2 cup sugar
2 cups peeled butternut squash, finely grated
1 cup self-rising flour
1 1/4 cups finely ground almonds
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 oranges
2 lemons
For the middle
3 tablespoons store-bought lemon curd
For the icing
3/4 cup confectioners’ sugar, sifted
2 tablespoons butter, at room temperature
2 tablespoons fresh orange juice

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
Grease the base and sides of two 7-inch springform pans with a little vegetable oil. Place a circle of parchment paper into the bottom of the tins and grease again.
In a large mixing bowl, using a handheld or standing mixer, beat the eggs and the sugar for a full 3 minutes, until pale and light. Add the grated butternut squash and mix until well combined.
Zest the oranges and lemon with a Microplane grater and add to the flour, ground almonds, baking soda and salt. Whisk to combine the mixture.
Divide the batter between the prepared pans and bake for 30 minutes.
While the cakes are cooking, make the icing: Using the back of a wooden spoon, beat the softened butter with the sugar until it has the consistency of a stiff paste. Add the orange juice, and beat again to combine and smooth. Refrigerate until needed.
Cool the cake in the pan for 10 minutes. Run a knife all around the edges of both cakes.
Unmold the cakes onto a wire rack and remove the paper on the base. Flip them back onto their bases again so that they can cool right side up on the wire rack and avoid getting any lines.
Chill the cakes in the refrigerator for 20 minutes.
Top one cake layer with lemon curd, then top with the other cake layer.
Spread the icing over the top of the cake, and decorate with a little orange and lemon zest.

Submitter: 
interdesignmsu
Description: 

Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
