URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/53568626/funky-enchilada-casserole/
Title:
Funky Enchilada Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast meat - cubed
1 tablespoon ground cumin, or to taste
1 package taco seasoning
1 pinch cayenne pepper
1 medium onion, chopped
5 cloves garlic, chopped
1 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped
1 yellow bell pepper, seeded and chopped
1 orange bell pepper, seeded and chopped
1 (15.5 ounce) can black beans, rinsed and drained
1 (15 ounce) can kidney beans, rinsed and drained
1 (10 ounce) package frozen corn kernels
1 bag tortillia chips
1/2 bunch fresh cilantro, chopped
2 cups shredded pepperjack cheese
1 (16 ounce) taco sauce

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the chicken and season with cumin, Mexican seasoning and cayenne pepper. Stir in the onion and garlic and cook until chicken is browned, about 5 minutes. Add red, yellow and orange peppers; cook and stir for another 5 minutes, then mix in the black beans, kidney beans and corn. Remove from the heat.
Line the bottom and sides of a 9x13 inch baking dish with corn tortillas. Pour in the skillet mixture then top with cilantro and pepperjack cheese.
Bake for 25 to 30 minutes in the preheated oven, until the cheese is starting to brown on top. Let stand for 10 minutes, then serve with your favorite Mexican food toppings.

Submitter: 
bojones
Description: 
My good friend brought this to me in the hospital after I had just had a baby. My husband promptly took it home and ate the entire thing without sharing. I had to remake it myself to find out what he'd been raving about. I've made a few adjustments and so can you according to your tastes! This is a great casserole to make because some of the canned ingredients you may already have. Serve with sour cream, hot sauce and cold diced tomatoes or salsa if you like. Maybe even serve some chips and Guacamole to round it out.Modified from: Funky Enchilada Casserole
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
40 min
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
