URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/53603/sambusa/
Title:
Sambusa Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/873224.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (14 ounce) package spring roll wrappers
2 tablespoons olive oil
2 pounds ground beef
1 leek, chopped
2 teaspoons ground cumin
2 teaspoons ground cardamom
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon pepper
1 small onion, finely chopped
1 clove garlic, minced
1 tablespoon all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon water, or as needed
1 quart oil for frying

Directions:
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onions, leek and garlic, and cook, stirring until the onions are transparent. Add ground beef, and cook until about halfway done. Season with cumin, cardamom, salt and pepper. Mix well, and continue cooking until beef has browned.
In a small dish or cup, mix together the flour and water to make a thin paste. Using one wrapper at a time, fold into the shape of a cone. Fill the cone with the meat mixture, close the top, and seal with the paste. Repeat until wraps or filling are used up.
Heat the oil to 365 degrees F ( 170 degrees C) in a deep-fryer or deep heavy pot. There should be enough oil to submerge the wraps.  Fry the Sambusa a few at a time until golden brown. Remove carefully to drain on paper towels.

Submitter: 
SAFIYOSMOMMY
Description: 
This is a Somali recipe. I learned it by watching my Somali friends around Ramadan and I was able to make my own variation. They are really good and I can't stop eating them. They are served during Ramadan, Weddings, Parties, or just because. Since I am married to a Somalian man, I learned to cook a few things, and there are some of my American dishes he loves as well. For a variation you can substitute shredded beef for ground beef.
Categories:
World Cuisine
African

Number of ratings:
40 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.25
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
163 calories
9.5
g fat
10.8
g carbohydrates
8.1
g protein
24
mg cholesterol
213
mg sodium.
