URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/53647/bayou-samburgers/
Title:
Bayou Samburgers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/560x315/654336.jpg
Ingredients:
2 1/2 pounds extra lean ground beef
4 cloves roasted garlic, chopped
1 pinch garlic pepper
1 pinch lemon pepper
1 pinch Cajun seasoning
4 slices sweet onion, 1/2 inch thick
4 large Hawaiian sweet rolls
4 slices American cheese
4 slices smoked Edam cheese
4 green leaf lettuce leaves
3 roma (plum) tomatoes, sliced
8 dill pickle slices
Creole mustard (optional)
creamy salad dressing, e.g. Miracle Whip ™ (optional)
ketchup (optional)

Directions:
Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat.
Mix together the ground beef and roasted garlic. Form the mixture into four balls, and flatten into patties about 3/4 inch thick. Sprinkle the patties with garlic pepper, lemon salt, and Cajun seasoning.
Lightly oil the grilling surface. Place onions on the grill, and toast on both sides. Place beef patties on the grill, and set the onions on top of them. Grill for about 5 minutes on each side, or to desired doneness. If you're lucky (or trashy) enough to still have a coffee can of grease on your stove, brush both sides of the Hawaiian rolls, then toast them on the grill.
To assemble, place the patties on buns, and top with slices of American and Edam cheese, lettuce, tomato, pickles, and your choice of condiments such as ketchup, Creole mustard, and salad dressing. These listed are some of mine.

Submitter: 
JETJOUSTER
Description: 
Not your everyday backyard burger, but a true celebration of summer! Right from Bayou Sam's Cajun Grill. Serve with Zapp's Cajun Chips Pecos Sweet cantaloupe, and well-chilled Black Diamond watermelon hearts. Enjoy the summer while you can.
Categories:
Main Dish
Burgers
Hamburgers

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
27 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
1159 calories
60.1
g fat
63.3
g carbohydrates
87.9
g protein
285
mg cholesterol
2970
mg sodium.
