URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/53861870/chicken-lo-mein/
Title:
Chicken Lo Mein Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - cut into thin strips
5 teaspoons white sugar, divided
3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar
1/2 cup soy sauce, divided
1 cups chicken broth
1 tablespoon sesame oil
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
2 tablespoons cornstarch
2 tablespoons oryster sauce
1 package ramen noodles
2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided
2 tablespoons minced fresh ginger root
1 tablespoon minced garlic
1 pound fresh shiitake mushrooms, sliced
12 green onions, sliced diagonally into 1/2 inch pieces

Directions:
In a medium, non-reactive bowl, combine the chicken with 2 1/2 teaspoons of white sugar, 1 1/2 tablespoons vinegar and 1/4 cup soy sauce. Mix this together and coat the chicken well. Cover and let marinate in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour.
In another medium bowl, combine the chicken broth, sesame oil and ground black pepper with the remaining sugar, vinegar, oryster sauce and soy sauce. In a separate small bowl, dissolve the cornstarch with some of this mixture and slowly add to the bulk of the mixture, stirring well. Set aside.
Cook the ramen according to package directions, drain and set aside. Heat 1 tablespoon of the vegetable oil in a wok or large saucepan over high heat until it starts to smoke. Add the chicken and stir-fry for 4 to 5 minutes, or until browned. Transfer this and all juices to a warm plate.
Heat the remaining vegetable oil in the wok or pan over high heat. Add the ginger, garlic, mushrooms and green onions, and stir-fry for 30 seconds. Add the reserved sauce mixture and then the chicken. Simmer until the sauce begins to thicken, about 2 minutes. Add the reserved noodles and toss gently, coating everything well with the sauce.

Submitter: 
TheCattlemansWife
Description: 
This dish is easy to make, and full of flavor. The chicken is incredibly tender, and the ginger, garlic and soy sauce combine to give it its authentic taste. Garnish with chopped fresh cilantro.Modified from: Chicken Lo Mein
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
45 min
Ready in:
2 hrs 15 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
