URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/55257791/chicken-makhani-indian-butter-chicken/
Title:
Chicken Makhani (Indian Butter Chicken) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon peanut oil
1 shallot, finely chopped
1/4 white onion, chopped
2 tablespoons butter
2 teaspoons lemon juice
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
3 garlic cloves, crushed
1 teaspoon garam masala
1 teaspoon chili powder
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 bay leaf
1/4 cup plain yogurt
3/4 cup half-and-half
1 cup tomato puree
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste
1 pinch salt
1 pinch black pepper
1 tablespoon peanut oil
1 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into bite-size pieces
1 teaspoon garam masala
1 pinch cayenne pepper
1/4 cup finely ground cashews
1/4 cup heavy cream

Directions:
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large saucepan over medium high heat. Saute shallot and onion until soft and translucent. Stir in butter, lemon juice, ginger-garlic paste, 1 teaspoon garam masala, chili powder, cumin and bay leaf. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add tomato sauce, and cook for 2 minutes, stirring frequently.  Stir in half-and-half and yogurt. Reduce heat to low, and simmer for 10 minutes, stirring frequently. Season with salt pepper. Remove from heat and set aside.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large heavy skillet over medium heat. Cook chicken until lightly browned, about 10 minutes. Reduce heat, and season with 1 teaspoon garam masala and cayenne. Stir in a few spoonfuls of sauce, and simmer until liquid has reduced, and chicken is no longer pink.
Combine ground cashews and sauce in blender.  Pour over chicken and cook 5-10 minutes more.

Submitter: 
Kelly K.
Description: 
Chicken Makhani is one of my favorite Indian dishes. It is a full flavored dish that complements the chicken well. It can be made as mild or spicy as you wish by adjusting the cayenne. Serve with basmati rice and naan bread.Modified from: Chicken Makhani (Indian Butter Chicken)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 min
Ready in:
25 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
