URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/55275948/rugelach-custom/
Title:
Rugelach (custom) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups all-purpose flour
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup unsalted butter
1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese
1/3 cup sour cream
1/2 cup white sugar
1 tablespoon ground cinnamon
1 cup finely chopped walnuts
1/2 cup raisins

Directions:
Mix cold butter and cream cheese together with electric mixer.  Add in sour cream. and beat well. Beat in flour & salt
Shape crumbly mixture into four equal parts...shape into disk (about 1&#34; thick). Wrap each disk and chill 2 hours or up to 2 days.
Roll each disk into a 9 inch round keeping other disks chilled until ready to roll them.
Combine sugar, cinnamon, chopped walnuts, and finely chopped raisins (may substitute miniature chocolate chips for raisins).
Roll each disk into a 9 inch round keeping other disks chilled until ready to roll them.   (If using Nutella, put it on the rolled out disk now) Sprinkle round with sugar/nut mixture, lighter in the middle, and heavier on the outside rim.  Press lightly into dough.  With chefs knife or pizza cutter, cut each round into 12 wedges.  Roll wedges from wide to narrow, you will end up with point on outside of cookie.  Place on ungreased baking sheets and chill rugelach 20 minutes before baking.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C).
After rugelach are chilled, bake them in the center rack of your oven 22 minutes until lightly golden.  Cool on wire racks.  Store in airtight containers...they freeze very well.
Hint: Have three sheets working at once. One baking, one chilling, one being made. Take made one & swap with chilled one. Take chilled one and swap with baked one. Move cookies to rack, clean pan, then make another batch.

Submitter: 
Joan
Description: 
Make at least 3 batches for potluck or holidays. 

Preferred option - add NutellaModified from: Rugelach
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
32
Nutritional Facts:
NA
