URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/55524/
Title:
Valentine's Day Chocolate Mousse Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/986534.jpg
Ingredients:
CHOCOLATE HEARTS (recipe follows, optional)
1/4 cup HERSHEY速'S Semi-Sweet Chocolate Chips or HERSHEY速'S Milk Chocolate Chips
1/2 teaspoon shortening (do not use butter, margarine, spread or oil)
1/3 cup sugar
3 teaspoons cornstarch
1 cup milk
1/2 cup water
4 egg yolks, beaten
1 3/4 (12 ounce) packages HERSHEY速'S Semi-Sweet Chocolate Chips or HERSHEY速'S Milk Chocolate Chips
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
3/4 cup whipping cream, whipped
1/2 cup whipping cream, whipped
8 strawberries (optional)

Directions:
Prepare CHOCOLATE HEARTS.
Stir together sugar and cornstarch in medium heavy saucepan. Stir in milk and water. Cook and stir over medium-high heat until boiling. Stir about half of hot mixture into beaten egg yolks. Return all to saucepan. Boil gently 1 minute, stirring constantly. Remove from heat.
Add chocolate chips and vanilla to hot mixture; stir until chocolate is melted. Pour into small metal bowl. Set bowl inside a larger bowl filled with ice water. Beat on high speed of mixer about 5 minutes or until chocolate mixture is completely cooled. Fold in the whipped 3/4 cup cream. Spoon into martini glasses or dessert dishes.
Cover lightly with plastic wrap. Refrigerate 30 minutes or up to 2 days. Just before serving, top each with a dollop of the whipped 1/2 cup cream and a strawberry, if desired. Peel chocolate hearts from wax paper; place one on each dessert.
CHOCOLATE HEARTS:  Place 1/4 cup HERSHEY'S Semi-Sweet Chocolate Chips or Milk Chocolate Chips and 1/2 teaspoon shortening (do not use butter, margarine, spread or oil) in small microwave-safe bowl. Microwave at HIGH (100%) 45 seconds; stir until melted. Let stand 2 minutes. Pour into heavy duty small plastic bag, Cut off a tiny corner of the bag. Squeeze bag to pipe mixture into heart shapes on wax paper.  Refrigerate until firm.

Submitter: 
HersheysKitchens.com
Description: 
For the sweetheart in your life, Valentine's Day Chocolate Mousse is sure to be a hit. This dessert can be made before the big day so you don't have to worry about the grand finale to your Valentine's dinner. Add flare by serving in a martini glass - or any glassware that will add a special touch!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
11 Ratings
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
645 calories
39
g fat
66.5
g carbohydrates
7
g protein
161
mg cholesterol
33
mg sodium.
