URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/56389399/standmixer-or-breadmachine-sweet-dinner-rolls/
Title:
Standmixer or breadmachine Sweet Dinner Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup warm water (110 degrees F/45 degrees C)
1/2 cup warm milk
1 egg
1/3 cup butter, softened
1/3 cup white sugar
1 teaspoon salt
3 3/4 cups all-purpose flour
1 (.25 ounce) package active dry yeast
1/4 cup butter, softened

Directions:
Wow, I can't believe I made such good rolls. I don't have a breadmaker, so here's what I did: I mixed the water and milk, nuked in in the microwave for 1 minute and 15 seconds, poured it into the bowl of my KitchenAid mixer, then stirred in the sugar until it dissolved, then stirred in the yeast. I use yeast from a jar instead of packets, and I used 2.5 teaspoons. After it got foamy (I only waited about 10 minutes...I'm impatient) I mixed in the salt, butter and egg, then I started mixing the flour a half cup at a time. I let it rise for about 45 minutes in the bowl, then punched it down, divided it into 16 balls (I didn't feel like making crescents) and let it rise for another hour, then baked for 10 minutes. They turned out like something from a bakery. I have never, ever baked bread this wonderful. I am so bummed that I am home alone right now and nobody can see what a wonderful thing I just did! I also want to add, pay attention to the temperature of your oven...My oven tends to be extremely hot, so I only set it for 350 to bake these...they turned out perfect. I know 400 degrees would have blackened them. ~K
BREADMAKER DIRECTIONS:  Place water, milk, egg, 1/3 cup butter, sugar, salt, flour and yeast in the pan of the bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer. Select Dough/Knead and First Rise Cycle; press Start.  When cycle finishes, turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Divide dough in half. Roll each half into a 12 inch circle, spread 1/4 cup softened butter over entire round. Cut each circle into 8 wedges. Roll wedges starting at wide end; roll gently but tightly. Place point side down on ungreased cookie sheet. Cover with clean kitchen towel and put in a warm place, let rise 1 hour. Meanwhile, preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Bake in preheated oven for 10 to 15 minutes, until golden.

Submitter: 
Shauna Rhoads
Description: 
This dough makes wonderful dinner rolls but can also be used to make cinnamon rolls. Mixing it in your bread machine but bake the rolls in the oven. They're light, soft and sweet.Modified from: Sweet Dinner Rolls
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
2 hrs 20 min
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
