URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/56826/liquor-infused-chocolate-strawberries/
Title:
Liquor-Infused Chocolate Strawberries Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/535971.jpg
Ingredients:
16 large fresh strawberries with leaves
1/2 cup brandy-based orange liqueur (such as Grand Marnier®)
1 pound bittersweet chocolate, chopped
2 tablespoons shortening
2 tablespoons heavy cream
1/4 cup brandy-based orange liqueur (such as Grand Marnier®)
1 (1 ounce) square chopped white chocolate

Directions:
Rinse strawberries and dry thoroughly. Use a syringe or clean marinade injector to inject about 2 teaspoons of brandy into each berry. Place them on a baking sheet, and refrigerate for about 30 minutes.
In a metal bowl over a pan of simmering water, combine bittersweet chocolate and shortening. Stir occasionally until melted and smooth. Stir in heavy cream and 1/4 cup of brandy. Place white chocolate in a separate bowl, and when the dark chocolate has melted, place the bowl of white chocolate over the pan of simmering water, stirring occasionally until smooth. Be sure to remove from heat as soon as it is mostly melted, white chocolate can be sensitive.
Dip strawberries into chocolate, and let the excess drip off into the bowl before placing on waxed paper to set. When the strawberries have all been dipped in chocolate, dip a fork into the white chocolate, and drizzle back and forth over berries to stripe.

Submitter: 
KELSTOUCH
Description: 
Absolutely delectable and rich! Strawberries are injected with orange brandy, and dipped in rich dark chocolate. You don't have to put the white stripes on, but it gives a very professional look. Once you make these they won't last long! Takes a little time but its worth it!
Categories:
Desserts
Fruit Desserts
Strawberry Desserts

Number of ratings:
37 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.78378367424011
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
15 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
231 calories
12.5
g fat
23.3
g carbohydrates
2.2
g protein
4
mg cholesterol
5
mg sodium.
