URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/57208/beef-n-ratatouille-torte/
Title:
Beef 'n' Ratatouille Torte Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 pounds ground beef (85 percent lean)
2 Baked Pastry Shells *
2 tablespoons butter or margarine
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 cup chopped onion
2 large cloves garlic, minced
4 cups 1/2-inch cubes pared eggplant
2 medium green bell peppers cut into thin strips
2 cups thinly sliced zucchini
2 cups sliced mushrooms
4 medium tomatoes, cut into thin wedges
2 teaspoons dried basil leaves, crushed
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon pepper
3 cups shredded cheese
Parsley sprigs
*BAKED PASTRY SHELLS
2 cups flour
1 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup shortening

Directions:
Prepare Baked Pastry Shells: Heat oven to 450 degrees. Combine flour and salt.  Cut in shortening until mixture resembles coarse meal.  Add 4 to 5 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon at a time until mixture leaves side of bowl and forms a ball.  Divide in half and roll out on lightly floured surface into two 12 inch circles.
Line two 9 inch flan rings, quiche pans or pie plates with pastry; trim and flute edges.  Prick pastry on the bottom and sides with fork.  Bake 10 to 12 minutes or just until pastry begins to brown.
Brown ground beef in a large frying pan; pour off drippings.  In another large frying pan, heat butter and oil; add onion and garlic and cook until onion is translucent.  Add eggplant, green pepper and zucchini.  Stir-fry over medium heat 5 minutes; reduce heat.  Stir in mushrooms and tomatoes; stir-fry 3 minutes.  Stir in beef, basil, salt and pepper; remove from heat.
For each shell, sprinkle 1/2 cup cheese on the bottom of pastry; spread 1/2 beef mixture over cheese. (Filled pastry shells may be refrigerated or frozen at this point.)  Bake in 400 degree oven 15 minutes.  Garnish with parsley.

Submitter: 
Cattlemen's Beef Board and National Cattlemen's Be
Description: 
National Beef Cook-Off winning recipe in 1982, Helen Gately, from Rhode Island. Pastry shells are filled with ground beef and vegetables, including eggplant and zucchini, and layered with shredded cheese.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
