URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/57218/mexican-flank-steak-with-mock-tamales/
Title:
Mexican Flank Steak with Mock Tamales Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 pounds beef flank steak
1/3 cup fresh lemon juice
1/3 cup extra virgin olive oil
6 tablespoons minced jalapeno peppers
1 tablespoon minced cilantro
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
Linda's Sassy Salsa*
Mock Tamales**
Fresh lemon slices
Jalapeno peppers
Cilantro sprigs
*Linda's Sassy Salsa
2 tomatillos, hull and tough skin removed
3 large cloves garlic, peeled
2 plum tomatoes, finely chopped
3 plum tomatoes, coarsely chopped
3 jalapeno peppers, thinly sliced
1/4 cup coarsely chopped cilantro
1 tablespoon lemon juice
1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
**Mock Tamales
1 cup grated sharp Cheddar cheese
1 cup grated Muenster cheese
2 tablespoons minced green onions and tops
6 flour tortillas (7 inches in diameter)

Directions:
Place beef steak in plastic bag.  Combine lemon juice, olive oil, jalapeno peppers, cilantro, salt and pepper; pour over steak, turning to coat.  Close bag securely and marinate 6 to 8 hours or overnight.  Prepare Linda's sassy salsa and Mock Tamales.  Remove steak from marinade and on grid over medium coals.***
Place mock tamales around the outer edge of the grill.  Grill steak 12 to 15 minutes to desired doneness (rare or medium), turning once.  Turning tamales halfway through cooking time.  Place steak and unwrapped tamales on serving platter.  Spoon 1/4 cup of  Linda's Sassy Salsa over the tamales.  Garnish platter with lemon slices, jalapeno peppers and cilantro sprigs.  Carve steak across the grain into thin slices and serve with remaining salsa.
*Linda's Sassy Salsa: Process tomatillos and garlic in a food processor or blender until pulverized.  Combine tomatillo mixture, tomatoes, jalapeno peppers, cilantro, lemon juice and pepper.  Refrigerate, covered, 1 hour or overnight to blend flavors.  Yield 2 cups.
**Mock Tamales: Combine Cheddar cheese, Muenster cheese and green onions.  Divide mixture evenly and put in center of each tortilla.  Fold bottom side of tortilla over filling.  Fold two sides over the filling and then fold top side over filling, envelope fashion.  Wrap each tortilla in a 8 X 12 -inch piece of foil, twisting each end.

Submitter: 
Cattlemen's Beef Board and National Cattlemen's Be
Description: 
National Beef Cook-Off winning recipe from 1989 by Linda Wright. Beef steak is marinated in a spicy lime mixture, then grilled alongside Mock Tamales, and served with Linda's Sassy Salsa to make a full meal that is sure to amaze you with flavor.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
5 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
