URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/57213/buffet-butterfingers-in-brandied-mushroom-sauce/
Title:
Buffet Butterfingers in Brandied Mushroom Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
12 boneless beef chuck top blade steaks, cut 3/4 inch thick
"Please DO Eat the Daisies" Garnish:
12 green onions
12 slivers carrot (1/4 x 1/16 inch)
1 1/2 pounds fresh mushrooms, sliced
1/2 cup unsalted butter, divided
1/4 cup warm brandy
2 tablespoons Madeira wine
2 tablespoons dry sherry
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon prepared mustard
1/2 teaspoon garlic salt
1/2 teaspoon pepper

Directions:
Prepare 'Please DO Eat the Daisies' Garnish:  Cut each green onion into 6-inch length; chop remaining green ends and reserve for sauce.  Remove outer skin from onions and carefully cut off the tip of the bulb.  Cut thin slits lengthwise in bulb of each onion to fringe, forming petals.  Insert a sliver of carrot into the center of each fringed onion (for the stamen).  Place onion, blossom side down, in ice water and refrigerate (to crisp onion and curl petals).
Divide each steak into 2 pieces, following natural seam and removing connective tissue between pieces.  Refrigerate.
Cook mushrooms in 1/4 cup butter in a large frying pan, 8-10 minutes, stirring occasionally.  Add reserved chopped green onion; continue cooking 1 to 2 minutes stirring constantly.  Add warm brandy, carefully ignite.  Shake pan until flame is extinguished.  Add Madeira and sherry; stir in flour, mustard, garlic, salt and pepper.  Cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until lightly thickened.  Keep warm.
Quickly brown steaks (in batches) in remaining butter in large frying pan over medium heat 3 minutes per side for rare.  Transfer steaks to warm serving platter.   Add 3 tablespoons water to drippings in frying pan, stirring constantly.  Stir in mushroom sauce; heat through.  Pour over steaks.  Scatter onion daisies over steaks and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Cattlemen's Beef Board and National Cattlemen's Be
Description: 
National Beef Cook-Off winning recipe from 1978 from Charlotte Granville of  New Hampshire. Tender blade steaks are quickly pan-fried and served with a rich mushroom sauce. The 'Please DO eat the Daisies' garnish add a whimsical touch.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
