URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/57225/pacific-rim-salad/
Title:
Pacific Rim Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
2 pounds boneless beef top sirloin steak, cut 1 1/2 inches thick
3/4 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce
1/2 cup sugar
1 1/2 tablespoons grated fresh ginger
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 pound fresh spinach, stems removed and leaves torn bite-size pieces
4 ounces fresh bean sprouts
6 center cut thin red onion slices, separated into rings
1/4 cup catsup
1/4 cup rice wine vinegar
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1/8 teaspoon hot pepper sauce
2 tablespoons sugar
2 teaspoons dark sesame oil
1 tablespoon sesame seeds, toasted
fresh enoki mushrooms or button mushrooms
Cherry tomatoes

Directions:
Trim excess fat from the beef steak.  Combine soy sauce, 1/2 cup sugar, ginger and garlic. Stirring to dissolve sugar.  Reserve two tablespoons marinade mixture.  Place steak and remaining marinade in plastic bag, turning to coat.  Close bag securely and marinate in refrigerator 2 to 4 hours, turning occasionally.
Remove steak from marinade; pat dry with paper towels.  Discard marinade.  Heat large heavy frying pan over medium high until hot.  Add steak to sear 4 to 6 minutes, turning once.  Reduce heat to medium.  Continue cooking 10 to 12 minutes or until steak is rare to medium rare or to desired doneness, turning once.  Let steak stand 10 minutes before carving.
Meanwhile combine spinach, bean sprouts and onion in a large bowl.  Combine catsup, vinegar, vegetable oil, pepper sauce, remaining two tablespoons of sugar and reserved 2 tablespoons marinade in a saucepan.
Carve steak into thin slices.  Bring dressing to a boil over medium heat, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat; stir in sesame oil.  Pour hot dressing over spinach mixture and toss.  Place spinach mixture on platter.  Arrange beef on top of salad; sprinkle with sesame seeds.  Garnish with mushrooms and cherry tomatoes.

Submitter: 
Cattlemen's Beef Board and National Cattlemen's Be
Description: 
National Beef Cook-Off winning recipe from 1990 by Annette Erbeck. Sirloin steak is marinated in a sweet Asian sauce, then fried and tossed with spinach, sprouts, and a hot vinaigrette dressing.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
