URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/57229/sweet-n-sour-beef-chuck/
Title:
Sweet 'N Sour Beef Chuck Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
3 pounds beef chuck roast
Garlic powder
Coarse grind black pepper
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground allspice
1 medium onion, halved
1 1/2 cups water
SAUCE:
1 cup cooking liquid from the roast, fat skimmed off
2 (13.25 ounce) can pineapple chunks in heavy syrup
1/2 cup brown sugar
1/4 cup cornstarch
1/2 cup vinegar
1/4 cup soy sauce
1 (2.5 ounce) can sliced mushrooms, drained
1 (8 ounce) can water chestnuts, drained and sliced
1 large green pepper, cut into thin strips
1 cup thinly sliced onions

Directions:
Sprinkle both sides of the beef roast with garlic powder and pepper, as desired. Rub both sides with flour and brown in oil in a large frying pan or Dutch oven. Pour off drippings. Sprinkle beef with cinnamon and allspice. Add onion and water. Cover and simmer on top of range or cook in 350 degree oven for 2 to 3 hours or until beef is tender. Discard onion. Remove roast and reserve 1 cup cooking liquid. Cut beef into large bite-size pieces. Place on a hot serving platter; keep warm. Prepare Sauce and spoon over beef. Serve with rice and garnish with mint.
Drain pineapple; reserve syrup. Combine sugar and cornstarch in medium saucepan; add pineapple syrup, vinegar, soy sauce, mushrooms, water chestnuts, and cooking liquid. Cook, stirring constantly, until sauce thickens. Add pineapple, green pepper and onion; continue cooking ten minutes.

Submitter: 
Cattlemen's Beef Board and National Cattlemen's Be
Description: 
National Beef Cook-Off winning recipe from 1975 by Betty Morrow of Oklahoma. The classic chuck roast is seasoned with an aromatic mixture of spices, then served with a sweet and sour mushroom sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
2 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
