URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/57226/spanish-steak-roll-with-sauteed-vegetables/
Title:
Spanish Steak Roll with Sauteed Vegetables Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79591.png
Ingredients:
1 pound trimmed boneless beef sirloin steak, cut 3/4 inch thick*
1 teaspoon garlic powder, divided
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
2 teaspoons vegetable oil
1 teaspoon butter
3/4 teaspoon salt, divided
1 red bell pepper, cut lengthwise into strips
1 green bell pepper, cut lengthwise into strips
1 small onion, thinly sliced
1 cup sliced fresh mushrooms
1/3 cup chopped walnuts
1/4 teaspoon chili powder
1 tablespoon dairy sour cream
1 tablespoon drained, chopped and canned green chilies
Lemon slices
Cilantro sprigs

Directions:
Pound beef steak with flat side of meat mallet to about 1/4 inch thickness. Combine 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder and pepper; sprinkle over the steak. Heat 1 teaspoon oil and butter in 12 inch heavy frying pan over medium heat until hot. Panfry steak 5 to 7 minutes for medium-rare or to desired doneness, turning once. Remove steak to heated platter; sprinkle with 1/2 teaspoon salt. Keep warm.
Add remaining 1 teaspoon oil to frying pan. Add red and green peppers, onion, mushrooms and walnuts. Cook for two minutes, stirring frequently. Combine remaining 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder, 1/4 teaspoon salt and chili powder; sprinkle over vegetables and continue cooking 2 minutes, stirring frequently. Spread steak with sour cream; top with chilies. Starting with the short side, roll up steak jelly roll fashion; secure with 4 wooden tooth picks. Spoon vegetables around the steak roll; garnish with lemon slices and cilantro sprigs.
To serve, carve steak roll between wooden picks; remove and discard wooden picks.

Submitter: 
Cattlemen's Beef Board and National Cattlemen's Be
Description: 
National Beef Cook-Off winning recipe from 1991 by Sandy Collins of Colorado. Steak is fried to tender perfection, then spread with a special sour cream and chile sauce, and rolled into a spiral with a filling of peppers, mushrooms and walnuts.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
