URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/57402341/pork-and-sea-shells-with-summer-vegetables/
Title:
Pork and Sea Shells with Summer Vegetables Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (16 ounce) package seashell pasta
3 tablespoons olive oil, divided
6 boneless pork loin chops, cut into bite sized pieces
Worcestershire sauce to taste
salt and pepper to taste
1 medium green bell pepper, chopped
1 head broccoli
6 ounces fresh mushrooms, sliced
1 medium onion, chopped
3 cloves garlic, finely chopped
1 (15 ounce) can tomato sauce
1 (14.5 ounce) can diced tomatoes with juice
2 tablespoons tomato paste
1/4 cup red wine
2 1/3 tablespoons dried basil
1 teaspoon dried thyme
1 teaspoon dried oregano
2 bay leaves
1 dash red pepper flakes
grated Parmesan cheese for topping

Directions:
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add seashell pasta, cook for 8 to 10 minutes, until al dente, and drain.
Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Place the pork in the skillet, and season with Worcestershire sauce, salt, and pepper. Cook and stir 10 minutes, or until almost done. Remove from heat, and set aside.
Heat the remaining olive oil in the skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir the green pepper, squash, zucchini, mushrooms, onion, and garlic 3 to 4 minutes. Return the pork to the skillet.
Mix in the tomato sauce, diced tomatoes, tomato paste, and wine into the skillet. Season with basil, thyme, oregano, bay leaves, and red pepper flakes. Reduce heat to low, and simmer 35 minutes. Remove the bay leaves, and serve over the cooked pasta with a sprinkling of Parmesan cheese.

Submitter: 
Dawn Fennell
Description: 
Chunks of browned pork and summer vegetables are cooked in a tomato sauce and served over seashell pasta.Modified from: Pork and Sea Shells with Summer Vegetables
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
1 hr 15 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
