URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/57571697/cheese-stuffed-chile-poblanos/
Title:
Cheese Stuffed Chile Poblanos Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/295040.jpg
Ingredients:
4 Green chiles
8 oz. pepper jack cheese, monterey jack cheese, or other type of cheese of your liking
1 medium to large onion chopped
4-5 Roma tomatoes chopped
3-4 cloves of garlic diced
Olive oil
2 teaspoons chicken bouillon powder
Fresh cilantro

Directions:
Roast chiles under oven broiler turning as needed, or over an open flame turning as they become charred.
Place chiles in plastic bag and allow to sweat until becoming cool enough to handle.
In the meantime, sautee onions in a bit of olive oil for approx. 5 - 6 minutes.
Add tomatoes, garlic and a bit of olive oil and sautee until the bulk of liquid is gone.
Add a cup of warm water pre-mixed with the chicken broth and simmer for approx. 10 minutes, if water level falls to the point where there doesn't appear to be much liquid in the "salsa" -- add another 1/2 cup of warm water. We don't want the salsa too runny, nor do we want it to be so thick that you can't spoon it over the chiles.
Turn the heat off, cover the pan and allow to sit on the hot burner.
Peel the chiles, make a cut in each chile and remove veins and seeds, trying to keep chiles intact and as whole as possible. TIP: If you put vegetable oil on your hands while you are doing this, your hands will not burn from the chile seeds/veins. You might want to wear gloves if your hands are really sensitive.
When you have finished, cut off approx. 1/2 inch thick slices of cheese and stuff each poblano making sure you can still semi-close it with the help of toothpicks.
Place chiles on top of the salsa (or if your pan is not large enough, use a baking tray) and spoon some salsa over the top of each chile. Cover and heat until chiles are hot. Cheese will escape from the chiles. Usually this is a sign that everything is hot enough to serve.

Submitter: 
AcaCandy
Description: 
Mild green chiles (chile poblanos) stuffed with pepperjack cheese and topped with home made salsa.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 min.
Ready in:
1 hr. 5 min.
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
