URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/57880/easy-thai-beef-or-chicken-salad/
Title:
Easy Thai Beef or Chicken Salad Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1 cup white rice
2 ½ cups water
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breasts
salt to taste
garlic powder to taste
1 head lettuce - rinsed, dried and torn
3 large cucumbers, seeded and chopped
1 large onion, finely diced
2  tomatoes, diced
1  bell pepper, diced
1 cup chopped fresh cilantro
1 cup freshly squeezed lime juice
½ cup fish sauce
1 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes

Directions:
Rinse rice in a fine mesh strainer under cold running water until no longer cloudy. Transfer to a medium saucepan and cover with 2 1/2 cups water. Bring to a boil, cover, and reduce heat to low. Simmer for 15 minutes, remove from heat and let stand for at least 10 minutes, or until all liquid has evaporated.
Preheat oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C).
Season chicken with salt and garlic powder. Heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Cook chicken, reducing heat when necessary, until no longer pink in center and juices run clear. Transfer to preheated oven to keep warm.
Place lettuce, cucumbers, onions, tomatoes, bell peppers, and cilantro together in a large mixing or serving bowl. Toss to combine. In another bowl, stir together the lime juice, fish sauce, sugar, and crushed red pepper until well blended and sugar is dissolved.
Remove chicken from oven, slice into thin strips, and drizzle with dressing. Divide salad and rice among serving plates, and top each with chicken slices. Dressing may also be served at the table and each salad dressed individually.

Submitter: 
ALANE47
Description: 
A simple Thai salad with fewer ingredients than usual. All my friends beg me to make this recipe for them. Use the taste test method for the dressing, adjusting the heat to your preference. I eat mine extremely hot!!! Also great with beef!
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
2 Ratings
Number of stars:
3.5
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
10 mins
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
399 calories
8.9
g fat
55.8
g carbohydrates
26.8
g protein
52
mg cholesterol
1822
mg sodium.
