URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/58210066/white-chocolate-raspberry-cheesecake/
Title:
White Chocolate Raspberry Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup chocolate cookie crumbs
3 tablespoons white sugar
1/4 cup butter, melted
1 (10 ounce) package frozen raspberries
2 tablespoons white sugar
2 teaspoons cornstarch
1/2 cup water
2 cups white chocolate chips
1/2 cup half-and-half cream
3 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese, softened
1/2 cup white sugar
3 eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla extract

Directions:
In a medium bowl, mix together cookie crumbs, 3 tablespoons sugar, and melted butter. Press mixture into the bottom of a 9 inch springform pan.
In a saucepan, combine raspberries, 2 tablespoons sugar, cornstarch, and water. Bring to boil, and continue boiling 5 minutes, or until sauce is thick. Strain sauce through a mesh strainer to remove seeds.  Or else you can use a jar a raspberry seedless preserves or jam.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). In a metal bowl over a pan of simmering water, melt white chocolate chips with half-and-half, stirring occasionally until smooth.
In a large bowl, mix together cream cheese and 1/2 cup sugar until smooth. Beat in eggs one at a time. Blend in vanilla and melted white chocolate. Pour half of batter over crust. Spoon 3 tablespoons raspberry sauce over batter. Pour remaining cheesecake batter into pan, and again spoon 3 tablespoons raspberry sauce over the top. Swirl batter with the tip of a knife to create a marbled effect.  Wrap springform pan in foil and bake in hot water bath.
Bake for 55 to 60 minutes, or until filling is set. When done, turn off oven and crack door .  Leave for 6 hours.Cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 8 hours before removing from pan. Serve with remaining raspberry sauce.  Drizzle with a ganauche made from 1/4 C.dark chocolate chips and l T. heavy cream-microwave until melted.  Stir until shiny and put in a ziplock bag.  Snip corner and drizzle on top of  cheesecake.  Use left over white chocolate chips by melting and allow to harden in a wax paper lined bowl.  Using potato peeler, decorate with curls.

Submitter: 
Dorothy Clark
Description: 
This makes an excellent cheesecake, similar to one you would get in a restaurant. Great for special occasions! Garnish with white chocolate curls if desired.Modified from: White Chocolate Raspberry Cheesecake
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 hr
Ready in:
10 hrs
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
