URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/58490/chicken-and-bowtie-pasta-with-asiago-cream-sauce/
Title:
Chicken and Bowtie Pasta with Asiago Cream Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F510843.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (16 ounce) package farfalle (bow tie) pasta
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - cubed
2 ¼ cups heavy cream, divided
¼ cube chicken bouillon, crumbled
¾ cup grated Asiago cheese
½ tablespoon cornstarch
2 tablespoons butter
¼ cup chopped prosciutto
1 tablespoon chopped fresh garlic
¼ cup sliced mushrooms
½ tablespoon parsley flakes

Directions:
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook pasta for 8 to 10 minutes, or until al dente. Drain, and set aside.
Heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir chicken cubes, reducing heat if necessary, until no longer pink in center and juices run clear. Set aside.
In a medium saucepan, bring 2 cups cream to a simmer, stirring often. Whisk in bouillon and cheese until well blended and bouillon has dissolved completely. Dissolve cornstarch in 2 tablespoons water, and whisk into mixture. Cook and stir 2 minutes more, then remove from heat and set aside.
Melt butter in a medium skillet over medium high heat. Stir in prosciutto, garlic, and mushrooms and cook until mushrooms are tender, about 3 minutes. Add chicken, reduce heat, and continue cooking until chicken is heated through. Return sauce to the stove and add remaining 1/4 cup cream and parsley flakes. Heat through.
To serve, place pasta in a large mixing or serving bowl. Add chicken and mushroom mixture and pour in cream sauce. Toss well, and serve.

Submitter: 
THENEWTRICIA
Description: 
A tasty mix of chicken, garlic, mushrooms, prosciutto and pasta are complemented by a thin but flavorful Asiago cream sauce.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
281 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.6
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
837 calories
50.7
g fat
61.5
g carbohydrates
33.2
g protein
193
mg cholesterol
425
mg sodium.
