URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/58500433/lemon-garlic-tilapia/
Title:
Lemon Garlic Tilapia Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 tilapia fillets
3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice
1 tablespoon butter, melted
1 clove garlic, finely chopped
1 teaspoon dried parsley flakes
pepper to taste
This classic sauce of sauteed butter, parsley and lemon juice is fantastic. Definitely saute the garlic or else it will taste too raw, even after it's baked. I have used this sauce for almost all types of fish- true cod, halibut, basa, tilapia, sole, trout, and salmon. All tasted superb. ALWAYS increase the garlic. For 4 filets, I use 3 large cloves, 3-4 tablespoons butter and 2 tablespoon lemon juice. Just make sure you always have less lemon juice than butter or else it will taste too lemony -even when doubling/tripling it. For a large filet of salmon, I triple the amount. Lightly salt and pepper the fish for more flavor and I sometimes add 2-3 tablespoon of buttered bread crumbs or finely crushed (buttered) ritz crackers for an extra crunch. And of course, fresh parsley is better than dried and use real butter, never margarine. 3 stars for original recipe, 5 stars for slight alterations. Simple and flavorful marinade that still lets the flavor of the fish shine through. TIP- do NOT bake for 30 min, especially tilapia, which is so thin. High temperature, quick cooking time is a rule of thumb for all fish. For this, I did 400 degrees, for 10-12 min (at most!). If filets are super thin, try 8-10 min.

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Spray a baking dish with non-stick cooking spray.
Rinse tilapia fillets under cool water, and pat dry with paper towels.
Place fillets in baking dish. Pour lemon juice over fillets, then drizzle butter on top. Sprinkle with garlic, parsley, and pepper.
Bake in preheated oven until the fish is white and flakes when pulled apart with a fork, about 30 minutes.

Submitter: 
C.Lynn
Description: 
This is a delicious and healthy recipe that takes no time at all to make. You can bake it or even grill it. Tastes great either way!Modified from: Lemon Garlic Tilapia
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
40 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
