URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/58812/chocolate-honey-cakes-with-mocha-cream-sauce/
Title:
Chocolate Honey Cakes with Mocha Cream Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/992892.jpg
Ingredients:
4 (1 ounce) squares HERSHEY速'S Unsweetened Baking Chocolate
2 (1 ounce) squares HERSHEY速'S Semi-Sweet Baking Chocolate, broken into pieces
1/2 cup butter
1 cup granulated sugar
4 eggs, separated
1/3 cup honey
5 tablespoons coffee liqueur, divided
1/2 cup MOUNDS速 Sweetened Coconut Flakes
3/4 cup all-purpose flour
3/4 cup whipping cream
1 cup HERSHEY速'S Semi-Sweet Chocolate Chips
Extra coconut and powdered sugar for garnish

Directions:
Heat oven to 325 F.  Butter eight 3/4-cup ramekins or custard cups.
Place chocolate pieces in medium microwave-safe bowl.  Microwave at HIGH (100%) 1 minute; stir.  If necessary, microwave at HIGH an additional 15 seconds at a time, stirring after each heating, until chocolate is melted and smooth when stirred.  Cool.
Beat butter and sugar in large mixer bowl until fluffy.  Add egg yolks, beat well.  Blend in cooled chocolate, honey and 3 tablespoons coffee liqueur.  Add coconut and flour; beat until blended.
Beat egg whites in separate bowl with clean beaters until stiff peaks form.  Fold half the egg whites into batter to lighten; fold in remaining egg whites.  Divide batter evenly into the prepared ramekins.
Bake 23 to 25 minutes or until wooden pick inserted into center of cakes has just a few crumbs sticking to it.  Remove cakes from oven; cool on wire rack.  (Cakes will fall slightly.)
Heat whipping cream in small saucepan over medium heat until it comes to a simmer.  Remove from heat; add chocolate chips and remaining 2 tablespoons coffee liqueur.  Stir until chocolate is melted and mixture is smooth.
To serve, run a small, thin knife around the sides of each ramekin.  Invert each cake onto dessert plate; spoon sauce over top.  Garnish with coconut and powdered sugar.

Submitter: 
Gilda Lester
Description: 
FIRST PRIZE WINNER: 2002 Hershey's 'I Resolve to Eat More Chocolate' Recipe Contest. Rich and dense, these individual honey-flavored fudge cakes are smothered in a delectable chocolate sauce. They're sure to please!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3.5
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
760 calories
42.6
g fat
82.7
g carbohydrates
9.2
g protein
156
mg cholesterol
129
mg sodium.
