URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/58859594/costas-french-market-doughnuts-beignets/
Title:
Costas French Market Doughnuts (Beignets) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup water
1 tablespoon yeast
1/4 cup shortening
1/2 cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup boiling water
1 cup evaporated milk
2 eggs, beaten
7 1/2 cups flour
1 quart vegetable oil for frying
1 cup confectioners' sugar for dusting

Directions:
Pour 1/2 cup room temperature water into a small bowl. Sprinkle the yeast over the water and let stand for about 5 minutes to dissolve.
Combine the shortening, sugar, and salt in a large bowl. Pour the boiling water over the shortening mixture and then stir in the evaporated milk. Wait for the mixture to cool down until it is lukewarm. Then, add the yeast and water mixture and beaten eggs.
Slowly mix in the flour until the dough forms a ball. Cover the dough with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes to 1 hour.
Working with a small portion (a little larger than a baseball) at a time, roll out the dough 1/8-inch thick. Cut the rolled out dough into strips 2 to 3-inches wide, then cut again in the opposite direction and at an angle, making diamond shapes.
Heat your oil for frying in a deep and wide, heavy-bottomed skillet over medium-high heat to 360 degree F (180 degrees C).
Slide dough slowly into the oil to avoid splattering and deep fry until they puff up and are golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Carefully remove onto a rack with paper towels underneath and allow to cool until you can handle them. Place in a clean paper bag with confectioners' sugar and shake gently until covered generously  or, use a sifter to dust the beignets with powdered sugar.

Submitter: 
ChalGal
Description: 
As kids, we always put in a heart-filled request for these on Christmas Eve.  It was quite a family affair - my mom would make up the dough, my dad would roll them out and cut them and then after frying them up, us kids would take turns shaking them in a paper bag with powdered sugar!  I finally got to go to New Orleans and I was excited to get to try 'the real thing' at the famous Cafe Du Monde... I was SO HAPPY because my husband and I both said our recipe was a near carbon copy of CAFE DU MONDE!  We've made this recipe for over 40 years and I promise it won't disappoint!Modified from: Costas French Market Doughnuts (Beignets)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
1 hr 30 min
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
