URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/58868689/tortellini-salad-with-grilled-tomato-vinaigrette/
Title:
Tortellini Salad with Grilled Tomato Vinaigrette Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound penne
3 roma (plum) tomatoes
1 tablespoon tomato paste
1 clove garlic, minced
3 tablespoons red wine vinegar
3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar
2 teaspoons Dijon-style prepared mustard
1 teaspoon honey
1/3 cup olive oil
1/3 cup vegetable oil
salt and pepper to taste
3/4 cup shredded provolone cheese
3 ounces hard salami, diced
2/3 cup sliced celery
1/4 cup sliced black olives
1/2 cup red bell pepper, diced
1 tablespoon red onion, diced
1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley
1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary
1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
In a large pot of salted boiling water, cook pasta until al dente, rinse under cold water and drain.
Preheat oven broiler and place halved tomatoes on a sheet pan 6 inches from the broiler. Broil skin side up until the skin is wrinkled and partially blackened.
Place the tomatoes in a food processor and add the tomato paste, garlic, red wine vinegar, balsamic vinegar, mustard and honey. Blend until smooth. With the processor running, add the olive oil and vegetable oil in a thin steady stream. Season with salt and pepper.
In a large bowl, combine the tortellini, cheese, salami, celery, olives, bell pepper, onion, parsley, rosemary and lemon juice. Gently toss and drizzle with vinaigrette to coat. Season with salt and pepper and serve immediately. Best served at room temperature.

Submitter: 
Singer6
Description: 
This is a great recipe to bring to a buffet or picnic. This tortellini salad is entirely dependent on the quality of the ingredients so try to get the best quality salami and provolone cheese. This salad is best served at room temperature.Modified from: Tortellini Salad with Grilled Tomato Vinaigrette
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
40 min
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
