URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/59022132/budget-white-chocolate-raspberry-cheesecake/
Title:
Budget White Chocolate Raspberry Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/265676.jpg
Ingredients:
10 chocolate graham crackers, smashed into crumbs
1/4 cup butter, melted
1/2 cup raspberry jam
2 cups white chocolate chips
1/4 cup half-and-half cream
3 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese, softened
1/3 cup white sugar
4 eggs

Directions:
In a medium bowl, mix together cookie crumbs and melted butter. Press mixture into the bottom of a 9 inch springform pan.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). In a metal bowl over a pan of simmering water, melt white chocolate chips with half-and-half, stirring occasionally until smooth.
In a large bowl mix together the cream cheese and sugar until smooth.  Beat in eggs on at a time, scraping the sides of the bowl after each addition.  Blend in the melted white chocolate.  Pour half of the batter over crust. Spoon 3 tablespoons raspberry jam over batter.  Pour remaining cheesecake batter into pan, and again spoon 3 tablespoons raspberry sauce over the top. Swirl batter with the tip of a knife to create a marbled effect.
Bake for 55 to 60 minutes, or until filling is set. Cool, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 8 hours before removing from pan.

Submitter: 
CookingOnABudget
Description: 
This recipe makes a rich, dense, creamy cheesecake. I cut down the cost by reducing the amount of sugar and leaving out the vanilla extract and letting the sweetness of the white chocolate shine through. I also saved time and money by swirling raspberry jam into the cheesecake for in place of the raspberry sauce. This recipe is a breeze to make, and bakes up into truly satisfying treat that will impress your guests.Modified from: White Chocolate Raspberry Cheesecake
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
9hrs
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
