URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/59097842/quick-and-easy-beef-stroganoff/
Title:
Quick and Easy Beef Stroganoff Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/267631.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pounds beef top sirloin, pre-cut for stir fry.
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
8 tablespoons of butter, divided
1 sweet onion, sliced
1 to 1 1/2  cups of fresh sliced mushrooms
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 (10.5 ounce) can condensed beef broth
1 teaspoon prepared mustard
1/3 cup sour cream
1/3 cup white wine
salt to taste
ground black pepper to taste
chopped scallion garnish, optional

Directions:
Season meat with 1/2 teaspoon of both salt and pepper.
In a large skillet over medium high heat, melt 1 1/2 tablespoons of butter and quickly brown half the beef strips on both sides, then transfer to a platter. Repeat with the second batch.  Do not crowd or they will boil instead of brown.  They should still be rare as they will cook more as they rest and later in the sauce.  Add another tablespoon of butter to the pan and saute the onions for 3 to 5 minutes, then add to the beef strips.  Add another 1 1/2 tablespoons of butter and saute the mushrooms, adding them to the onions and meat when done.
In the same pan, melt 3 tablesoons of butter in the center of the pan.  Add the four and stir, keeping it in the center of the pan, until it just starts to turn golden.  This is a classic roux.  Pour in beef broth slowly, stirring constantly, to avoid a clumpy sauce. Bring to a gentle simmer, stirring constantly. Lower the heat and stir in mustard. Add the beef, onions and mushrooms to the sauce along with the juices that have collected on the platter and stir.
Stir in the sour cream, and white wine. Heat gently (do not boil!) then salt and pepper to taste.  Serve over warm noodles in warmed bowls.

Submitter: 
Quick&EasySupermom;
Description: 
This is easy and delicious real food.  A must for every busy cook's rotation.  I have halved the meat in this recipe- 2 pounds of beef is not needed for this rich and satisfying meal.Modified from: Beef Stroganoff III
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
