URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/59234099/homemade-garden-tomato-sauce-for-canning/
Title:
Homemade Garden Tomato Sauce for Canning Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/266946.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 bushel roma tomatoes
2 1/2 cups olive oil
1 cup butter butter
4 large sweet onion, chopped
4 bell peppers; 2 green, 1 red  and 1 yellow, chopped
1 pound carrots, shredded
6 stalks celery, chopped
2 cups of sliced fresh mushrooms (optional)
1/4 cup garlic, minced ( or to taste)
2 cups compressed chopped fresh basil
1/4 cup fresh oregano, chopped
1/4 cup fresh parsley chopped
1/4 cup fresh thyme, chopped
3 cups dry red wine
7 bay leaves
1/4 cup beef soup base or bouillon
3 tblsp. red pepper flakes
3 tblsp black pepper
1/4 cup sugar
2 12 ounce cans tomato paste

Directions:
Bring a pot of water to a boil.  Have ready a large bowl of iced water.  Plunge whole tomatoes in boiling water until skin starts to peel, 1 minute.  Remove with slotted spoon and place in ice bath.  Let rest until cool enough to handle, then remove peel and squeeze out seeds.  Chop 1/4 of tomatoes and puree the rest in blender or food processor.
In a large pot or Dutch oven over medium heat, cook onion, bell pepper, carrot, celery and garlic in oil and butter until onion starts to soften, 5 minutes.  Pour in pureed tomatoes.  Stir in chopped tomato, herbs, bay leaves, beef base, pepper flakes , pepper and sugar and wine. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to low, cover and simmer 2 hours stirring occasionally so not to burn to bottom of pot.  Stir in tomato paste and simmer an additional 2 hours or until it's the consistency you desire.  Discard bay leaves.
To can, wash 12 quart jars and cap rings in the dishwasher or very hot water. While jars are hot fill with hot sauce leaving 1 inch headspace. Run a plastic knife around the inside of jar to release trapped air. Heat lids in boiling water. Wipe the rim of jar clean before placing lid and ring on jar. Tighten rings only finger tight so excess air can escape. Process jars in a hot water bath for 40 minutes. Remove from bath and let stand to cool. Listen for the pop of the lids as they seal. If after 1 hour some have not sealed, refrigerate these and use within a week. Store jars in a cool dark location for up to 1 year.

Submitter: 
Michelle Reger
Description: 
Makes 13 quarts of the best pasta sauce ever.12 to can and one to eat!  Made with all fresh ingredients. From my garden and the Farmers Market to jars of heaven!Modified from: Homemade Tomato Sauce I
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
3 h
Ready in:
7 hrs
Number of servings: 
76
Nutritional Facts:
NA
