URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/59328497/panna-cotta-with-strawberres-red-wine-syrup/
Title:
Panna Cotta with Strawberres & Red Wine Syrup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups heavy cream
1½ cups half & half
1/3 cup powdered sugar
1 pinch salt
2 teaspoons of vanilla extract, or 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise
2 packets powdered gelatin (about 4 1/2 teaspoons)
1/2 cup half & half
Red Wine Syrup:
1 cup red wine
6 tablespoons sugar
8 oz strawberries

Directions:
Lightly grease eight ramekins with butter.  In a medium saucepan, combine the cream,  half & half, sugar, and salt. Bring the mixture just to a simmer over moderate heat while stirring constantly. Remove from the heat, and stir in the vanilla.  Cover and let steep for 15 min.  If using a vanilla bean, scrape the seeds from the bean into the cream and add the bean pod. Cover, and let infuse for 30 minutes. Remove the bean then rewarm the mixture before continuing.)
Sprinkle the gelatin over the half & half in a small bowl and let stand 5 to 10 minutes to soften the gelatin.  Uncover the cream mixture and bring just to a simmer over moderately high heat. Remove from heat, add the gelatin and stir until dissolved. Remove the vanilla bean and save for another use.
Pour the panna cotta into a pitcher and cool  completely by placing the pitcher in a large bowl of ice water, stirring occasionally.  This will prevent the gelatin from separating.
When the mixture is cooled, pour into the ramekins, dividing equally. Cover and refrigerate, until set, at least 6 hours and up to 2 days.
In a non-reactive skillet, cook the red wine and sugar until the bubbles get thick.  Once the syrup is reduced to half its original quantity (1/2 cup), remove from heat and scrape into a bowl to cool completely.
Rinse, hull, and slice the strawberries. Toss in syrup, let stand for a minute or two, then spoon onto custards.

Submitter: 
chuckster
Description: 
A traditional, easy, and delicious Italian custard.Modified from: Panna Cotta
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 min
Ready in:
next d
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
