URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/59409570/double-layer-pumpkin-cheesecake/
Title:
Double Layer Pumpkin Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
CRUST:
15 (full-sized) graham crackers, crushed
2-3 Tbls butter, melted
FILLING:
3 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese, softened
1/2 cup white sugar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 eggs
1/2 c sour cream
1 Tbls Captain Morgan's Spiced Rum
1 8oz can pumpkin puree
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 tsp ground cloves
1/2 tsp ground nutmeg
1/2 cup frozen whipped topping, thawed
TOPPING:
1/4 cup sugar
2 Tbls all purpose flour
1/2 tsp ground cinnamon
1 Tbls VERY COLD butter, chopped

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Make a crust of 15 (full size) graham crackers, crushed and add 2-3 Tbls melted butter. Press into bottom and up the sides a little of a 10 inch springform pan.
In a large bowl, combine cream cheese, sugar and vanilla. Beat until smooth. Blend in eggs one at a time. Fold in sour cream after eggs. Remove 1 cup of batter and spread into bottom of crust. You may want to pipe it into the prepared crust as it has a tendency to pull up the crust when trying to spread.
Add pumpkin, cinnamon, cloves and nutmeg and spiced rum to the remaining batter and stir gently until well blended. Carefully spread the batter over top of the batter already in the crust.
Mix sugar, flour, and cinnamon together. Cut in cold butter until course. Sprinkle over top of cheesecake.
Make a water bath by placing heavy duty foil under and up around sides of springform pan and placing the cheesecake into a pan large enough to hold it. A roasting pan works well. Put very hot water into the roasting pan, until it reaches about 1/2 way up the cheesecake pan, being carefull not to get water into the cheesecake.
Bake in preheated oven for 1 hour (till the middle jiggles like jello), then turn off the oven and prop open the door and allow to sit inside for another 1 hour. This will keep the cheesecake from cracking. Remove from oven, taking cheesecake out of pan and placing somewher to allow to cool, then refrigerate for 3 hours or overnight. Remove the springform pan and top with whipped topping.

Submitter: 
Nora
Description: 
A great alternative to pumpkin pie, especially for those cheesecake fans out there.Modified from: Double Layer Pumpkin Cheesecake
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
4 hrs 10 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
