URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/59513751/grill-or-camp-stove-tailgate-chili/
Title:
Grill or Camp Stove Tailgate Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/268537.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 pound ground beef chuck
1 pound bulk Italian sausage
2 (15 ounce) cans chili beans, drained
1 (28 ounce) cans diced tomatoes with juice
1 (3 ounce) can tomato paste
1/2 large yellow onion, chopped
1-2 stalks celery, chopped
1 green or red bell pepper, seeded and chopped
1 envelope or packet chili seasoning mix
to taste hot pepper sauce (e.g. Tabasco™)
to taste salt
to taste ground black pepper
1 teaspoon white sugar
1/2 (10.5 ounce) bag corn chips such as Fritos®
1/2 (8 ounce) package shredded Cheddar cheese

Directions:
Heat a large cast iron dutch oven on the grate of a gas grill or a propane camping stove. Crumble the ground chuck and sausage into the hot pan, and cook until no longer pink. Do not overcook and do not drain.
Add the chili beans, diced tomatoes, tomato paste, onion, celery, bell peppers, sugar and seasoning packet. Stir to blend, Bring to a gentle boil and then turn to a very low simmer.  Cook for one hour.  Turn off and allow to completly cool at room temp before refrigerating. This chili can be eaten after one hour but is better if allowed to at least cool befor reheating.
After 2 hours, taste, and adjust salt, pepper, and chili powder if necessary. The longer the chili simmers, the better it will taste. Remove from heat and serve, or refrigerate, and serve the next day.
To serve, ladle warm chili into warm bowls, and top with corn chips, shredded Cheddar cheese, and green onions.

Submitter: 
Grillin' Dude
Description: 
This filling meal is easy to make  and a great weekday make ahead meal.  It tastes gbest when it has sat in the fridge for at least a day so make it on Sunday and enjoy it for a mid day meal.  Serves 6-8.Modified from: Boilermaker Tailgate Chili
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
2 hrs 30 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
