URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/59513552/grill-or-camp-stove-chicken-tortilla-soup/
Title:
Grill or Camp Stove Chicken Tortilla Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/268536.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound boneless skinless chicken (breast or thigh)
1 (15 ounce) can diced tomatoes with Mexican spices
1/3 cup red enchilada sauce
1 medium onion, chopped
2 cloves garlic, minced
2 cups water
1 (14.5 ounce) can chicken broth
1 teaspoon cumin
1 teaspoon chili powder
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
1 (15 ounce) can golden hominy
3 tablespoons chopped cilantro
1 bag corn tortilla chips, preferably in strips
3 sliced green onions for garnish (optional)
2 avocados chopped for garnish (optional)
1 cup sharp white cheddar for garnish (optional)
1 or 2 limes

Directions:
Place tomatoes, enchilada sauce, onion, and garlic into a large pot on the BBQ grill grate or the side burner of a gas grill. Pour in water and chicken broth, and season with cumin, chili powder, salt, pepper, and bay leaf. Cover, and bring to a simmer.  Simmer for 10 minutes.
While the broth simmers, prpare bowls of garnishes- tortilla chips, alvocado tossed with a bitof lime, chopped cilantro, shreaded cheese, and lime wedges.  Set garnish bowls aside.
Stir the diced chicken into the simmering broth, cover, and cook over a bare simmer for 5 more minutes.  Do not over cook!  The small peices of chicken will poach beautifully in the broth and do not need to be dried out to be considred cooked.
Take of heat and allow to stand covered for 10 minutes.
Add the lime juice to taste and adjust salt and pepper.  Laddle into warm bowls and serve immediately with garnishes.

Submitter: 
Grillin' Dude
Description: 
This recipe can be modified to be cooked on the grill or your camp stove. YUM!Modified from: Slow-Cooker Chicken Tortilla Soup
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
8 hrs 30 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
