URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/59596170/muffuletta/
Title:
Muffuletta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 # plum tomatoes (as uniform in size as possible), halved lengthwise, cored, seeded, and skin pricked 6-8 times with tip of a sharp knife
1 C pitted green olives (brine cured), chopped coarse
1 C pitted black olives (brine cured), chopped coarse
1/2  olive oil
1/4 C chopped fresh parsley leaves
1 med. red bell pepper, roasted, peeled, seeded, and diced fine
2 T lemon juice
1 t dried oregano
1 loaf Italian bread or French bread, large, (about 9-in diameter), halved crosswise, most of he inner crumb removed
2 C leaf lettuce, any type or combination, torn into bite size pieces, if necessary
1/4 # mortadella, thin-sliced (or other soft salami)
1/4 # provolone cheese or fresh mozzarella, thin-sliced
1/4 # soppressata, thin-sliced (or other hard salami)
1/4 # ham, thin-sliced

Directions:
Adjust oven racks to middle and low positions;heat oven to 200 degrees. Line large tray or cookie sheet with aluminum foil.
Place tomatoes, cut side down, on large wire rack. Set wire rck on middle oven rack and foil-lined tray on lower rack. Dry, oven door closed, until desired texture is attained, 3-4 hrs for plump tomatoes. When dry and cool, place in airtight containers. (Dries tomatoes can be stored at room temp for 1-2 weeks). If any off flavors or smells develop in the leathry or completely dried versions during storage, it may be due to mold or other bacteria;throw away the entire batch.
Mix olives, ol, parsley, bell pepper, lemon juice, and oregano in small nonactive bowl. Cover and refrigerate overnight.
When ready to assemble sandwich, drain olive mixture, reserving marinade. Generously brush all inside surfaces of bread with marinade. Fill bread bottom with half the olive mixture. Add layers as follows: hlaf each of lettuce and oven-dried tomatoes, all of the mortadella, all of the provolone, all of the soppressata, andremaining tomatoes and greens. Pile rest of olive mixture on top. Cover with bread top; wrap with plastic wrap.
Set sandwich on large plate; top with small plate weighted with cans. Refrigerate at least 30 min. (Can be covered and refrigerated up to 6 hrs.) Remove plates and plastic; cut into 6 wedges and serve.

Submitter: 
Judy Bodnar
Description: 
Maybe use sun dried tomatoes and add red onion. Also found that most recipes call for both provolone and mozzarella cheeses.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
