URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/59783433/black-bean-and-salsa-soup-with-notes-added/
Title:
Black Bean and Salsa Soup (with notes added) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 (15 ounce) cans black beans, drained and rinsed
1 1/2 cups vegetable broth
1 cup chunky salsa
1 teaspoon ground cumin
4 tablespoons sour cream
2 tablespoons thinly sliced green onion
I saved one cup of beans to add whole, I added 3 teaspoons lime juice, triple the cumin, 1 teaspoon garlic, freshly chopped cilantro and 1/2 fresh jalapeno pepper. I also used the immersion blender and blended the soup right in the pot (talk about a great invention!). The soup came out perfect and tasted great with quesadillas. Next time, I'll probably saute some onions and add some corn for a different taste in the soup.I used 1 can low fat low sodium chicken broth and 1 can Rotel instead of the salsa. I also sauteed some sweet Vidalia onion and garlic before adding beans, broth, and Rotel. I added cumin, dash red pepper, garlic powder, onion powder. Then I used a hand held blender (Emeril calls it the boat motor) and blended until I got the consistency I wanted. Then added the reserved whole black beans. I left lid off pot and let it simmer to reduce the amount of liquid and concentrate the flavors. At the very end I added the juice of a lime. It was delicious.To make it a heartier meal, I added 1-1/2 cup rice and 1/2 cp corn to the soup. (from reviewer notes)

Directions:
In an electric food processor or blender, combine beans, broth, salsa, and cumin. Blend until fairly smooth.
Heat the bean mixture in a saucepan over medium heat until thoroughly heated.
Ladle soup into 4 individual bowls, and top each bowl with 1 tablespoon of the sour cream and 1/2 tablespoon green onion.

Submitter: 
kathyvzw
Description: 
This soup is one of those last minute things I tossed together one night. Its very simple and it takes about 5 minutes to put together.Modified from: Black Bean and Salsa Soup
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
20 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
