URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/59821283/budget-slow-cooker-chicken-and-dumplings/
Title:
Budget Slow Cooker Chicken and Dumplings Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/271127.jpg
Ingredients:
4 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
2 tablespoons oil
salt and pepper to taste
4 tablespoons butter
1/4 cup all purpose flour
1 onion, finely diced
3 cups chicken broth
2 cups milk
1 tablespoon garlic powder
dumpling dough
1 cup all purpose flour
2 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoons butter, room temperature
1/2 cup milk

Directions:
In a skillet heat 1 tablespoon of oil over medium high heat.  Quickly brown the chicken chunks and season with salt and pepper.  Simply brown the outsides, do not cook all the way through.  Remove chicken from pan and place in slow cooker.
In the same pan as you browned the chicken in add the remaining 1 tablespoon oil and 4 tablespoons of butter, soften diced onions until they become translucent.  stir in 1/4 cup all purpose flour and cook until flour mixture browns slightly.  Slowly whisk in the chicken broth, being sure to dissolve any lumps of flour.  Let mixture thicken slightly and slowly add the milk. Season with salt, pepper, and 1 tablespoon garlic powder. Continue to cook until it comes to a simmer, add to slow cooker and stir to combine suace and chicken.  Cover and cook 4-5 hours on high. 30 minutes before serving add dumpling dough.
To make dumplings, in a small bowl place 1 cup all purpose flour, baking powder, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 2 tablespoons butter.  Work together these ingredients with your fingers until mixture resembles coarse sand.  Pour in 1/2 cup milk and mix together with your hand.  Dough will be slightly wet and sticky.  Form little balls of dough, these do not have to be perfect, and drop into the hot broth in the slow cooker. Stir carefully to coat dumplings with broth.  Replace lid and let dumplings steam for at least 30 mins before serving.

Submitter: 
CookingOnABudget
Description: 
The original recipe calls for 2 packages of ready made biscuits which is way to much dough!! Take a few extra minutes to make your own dumplings and sauce the chicken cooks in and give it a true homemade touch and save money at the same time!  If you like mushrooms, they are a nice additon to the pot.Modified from: Slow Cooker Chicken and Dumplings
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
6 hrs 10 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
