URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/59903922/boudreauxs-zydeco-stomp-gumbo/
Title:
Boudreaux's Zydeco Stomp Gumbo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/348351.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 cup skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - chopped
1/2 pound pork sausage links, thinly sliced
1 cup unsalted butter
1 cup all-purpose flour
2 tablespoons minced garlic
3 quarts (96 oz.) chicken broth
1 (12 fluid ounce) can or bottle beer
6 stalks celery, diced
4 roma (plum) tomatoes, diced
1 sweet onion, sliced
1 (10 ounce) can diced tomatoes with green chile peppers, with liquid
2 tablespoons chopped fresh red chile peppers or 1 jalepeno
1 bunch fresh parsley, chopped
1/4 cup Cajun seasoning
1 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined

Directions:
Heat oil in a medium skillet over medium high heat, and cook chicken until no longer pink and juices run clear. Stir in sausage, and cook until evenly browned. Drain chicken and sausage, and set aside.
In a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, melt butter and blend flour to create a roux. Stir constantly until browned and bubbly (approx. 35 minutes). Mix in garlic, and cook about 1 minute.
Gradually stir chicken broth and beer into the roux mixture. Bring to a boil, and mix in celery, tomatoes, sweet onion, diced tomatoes with green chile peppers, red chile peppers, parsley, and Cajun seasoning. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer about 40 minutes, stirring often.
Mix chicken, sausage, and shrimp into the broth mixture. Cook, stirring frequently, about 20 minutes.

Submitter: 
Sharon Springer Andrews
Description: 
Dis is da toe curlin Texicajun hybrid of a classic dish. This will put a smile on everyone's face that's eatin it. Throw on some Zydeco music and serve on a bed of rice with corn bread and a cold beer. Whew doggie...be thankful to be alive and toast all us Texicajuns!!!Modified from: Boudreaux's Zydeco Stomp Gumbo
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 hr
Ready in:
2 hrs
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
