URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/59900/authentic-enchiladas-verdes/
Title:
Authentic Enchiladas Verdes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/4513747.jpg
Ingredients:
2  bone-in chicken breast halves
2 cups chicken broth
¼  white onion
1 clove garlic
2 teaspoons salt
1 pound fresh tomatillos, husks removed
5  serrano peppers
¼  white onion
1 clove garlic
1 pinch salt
12  corn tortillas
¼ cup vegetable oil
1 cup crumbled queso fresco
½  white onion, chopped
1 bunch fresh cilantro, chopped

Directions:
In a saucepan, combine chicken breast  with chicken broth, one quarter onion, a clove of garlic, and 2 teaspoons salt.  Bring to a boil, and then boil for 20 minutes. Reserve broth, set chicken aside to cool, and discard onion and garlic. When cool enough to handle, shred chicken with your hands.
Place tomatillos and serrano chiles in a pot with water, enough to cover them.  Bring to boil, and continue boiling until tomatillos turn a different shade of green (from bright green to a dull, army green).  Strain tomatillos and chiles, and place in a blender with another quarter piece of onion, 1 clove garlic, and a pinch of salt.  Pour in reserved chicken broth, so that liquid just covers the veggies in the blender by about an inch.  Blend all ingredients until they are completely pureed.  Pour salsa in a medium saucepan, and bring to a low boil.
Pour oil in a frying pan, and allow to get very hot.  Slightly fry tortillas one by one in hot oil, setting each on a paper towel afterwards to soak some of the oil. Finally, dip slightly fried tortillas in low-boiling green salsa, until tortillas become soft again.  Place on plates, 3 per person.
Fill or top tortillas with shredded chicken, then extra green sauce.  Top with crumbled cheese, chopped onion, and chopped cilantro.

Submitter: 
PattiVerde
Description: 
These enchiladas are made with a fresh green salsa, just like you would find in a Mexican restaurant or better yet, in a Mexican home.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
598 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.7
Prep time: 
45 mins
Ready in:
1 hr 20 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
559 calories
25
g fat
48.9
g carbohydrates
37.1
g protein
84
mg cholesterol
1344
mg sodium.
