URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/60018812/amazing-white-clam-sauce/
Title:
Amazing White Clam Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tbsps olive oil
1/2 large onion, chopped or shallots
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 tspn white pepper
salt to taste
1 tbsp lemon juice
2/3  cups half-and-half cream or heavy cream
1 1/2 (6.5 ounce) cans minced clams, drained with juice reserved
1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese for topping
1/4 cup parmeson into the sauce
Parsley to taste
Oregano or Italien seasoning to taste
Fresh crumbled bacon or real bacon bits for extra flavor and texture (optional)
1 (8 ounce) package dried linguine pasta

Directions:
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion , pepper, salt and seasonings and cook stirring constantly until onion is tender. Add garlic, and cook for a couple of minutes, just until fragrant. Pour in the reserved clam juice, and simmer over low heat for 10 minutes.
Gradually stir the half-and-half cream and bacon into the skillet, and simmer for another 20 minutes, but do not boil. At this time, I like to prepare my linguine and garlic bread.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add linguine pasta, and cook for 8 to 10 minutes, until al dente.
Add clams to the sauce, and cook just until clams are heated through, or they will become tough and chewy. Remove from heat, and serve over linguine pasta. Top with a sprinkle of grated Parmesan cheese.
A different approach is to eliminate the cream/or 1/2 & 1/2 and substitute some lemon juice for a lighter sauce.

Submitter: 
Frenchy
Description: 
I got this recipe from an old boyfriend, and have modified it over the years. My husband and I have this at least every two weeks with a big loaf of garlic bread. It's very easy, but very delicious and filling.Modified from: Amazing White Clam Sauce
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 min
Ready in:
1 hr 5 min
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
