URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/60137378/mdk-chicken-pot-pie/
Title:
MDK Chicken Pot Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - cubed
Or rotisserie chicken (half, no skin)
For flavor: sausage, ham, etc
Veggies :
carrot (minced), peas, corn, celery (minced) 3/4 cup, onion (minced) 1/2 cup, potato, sweet potato, mushrooms
3 Tablespoon butter
Cream of chicken
Cream of celery (optional)
some milk and flour to tweak sauce
1 Cup chicken broth
1 Egg white
Garlic
Veggie bullion cube
Parmesan cheese
2 (9 inch)  unbaked pie crusts (Pillbury)
Spices:
Thyme
Salt
Pepper

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees
Cook chicken.  Set aside with ham, sausage, etc
Mince carrot.  In a saucepan, combine stock, buillon cube, carrots, peas, corn and potatoes (save 1/2). Cover and boil for 15 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside.
Nuke and fry remaining potatoes.  Set aside and add at end for texture.
Mince onion and celery.  In frying pan (low heat), saute butter, onion, celery.  Add mushrooms and garlic.  When water out of shrooms, add soup. Add spices
If no soup, add flour first, then milk
Baste bottom of pie crust with egg white.  Bake for 5 minutes.  Set aside some egg for top.
Combine broth, veggies, chicken, soup/gravy.  Thicken or lighten, whisk.  Add parmesan
Place the chicken mixture in bottom pie crust. Pour hot liquid mixture over. Cover with top crust, seal edges, and cut away excess dough. Make several small slits in the top to allow steam to escape.
Aluminum foil around the edges (remove for last 10 minutes in overn)
Bake in the preheated oven for 30 to 35 minutes, or until pastry is golden brown and filling is bubbly. Cool for 10 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
bluedaisy
Description: 
A delicious chicken pie made almost from scratch with carrots, peas and celery.Modified from: Chicken Pot Pie IX
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
1 hr 20 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
