URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/60205593/portuguese-chicken-i/
Title:
Portuguese Chicken I Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/4 cup butter
4 bone-in chicken breast halves, with skin
1 1/2 cups chicken stock, or as needed
1 cup dry white wine
4 cloves garlic, peeled
1 tablespoon all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon pepper
1 cup heavy cream
Liked tihis comment from another reviewer:
I cooked the chicken, removed it to a warmer just before finishing, deglazed the pan and proceeded with the sauce directions. When the sauce was reduced to just the right consistency (coated the back of a spoon), I popped the chicken breasts under the broiler to crisp the skin. Pretty plating helped me to avoid mushing the crisp skin: layer the sauce over the plate, add mashed potatoes slightly off center, prop the chicken up against the potatoes and drizzle a little extra sauce over the potatoes. Garnish with chopped fresh scallion and some smoked paprika and you've got a winner!

Directions:
Melt butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken breasts, and cook until nicely browned on both sides. Pour in chicken stock and white wine, using enough chicken stock so that the chicken pieces are covered halfway to two thirds by liquid. Add whole garlic cloves. Reduce heat to medium-low,  sprinkle flour over the top of the contents of the pan and cover with a lid. Simmer for 40 to 45 minutes, until chicken is cooked through.
When chicken is cooked through, remove to a dish, and keep warm. Boil the liquid in the skillet until it is reduced to about 1 1/2 cups. Whisk cream into the reduced liquid, breaking up the garlic cloves as much as you can. Return chicken to the pan, and heat through.

Submitter: 
Aspiring Chef Rita
Description: 
Creamy rich chicken in white wine sauce. Serve over rice.Modified from: Portuguese Chicken I
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
