URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/60702709/butternut-squash-with-onions-and-pecans/
Title:
Butternut Squash with Onions and Pecans Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons butter
1 large onion, diced
2 1/4 pounds butternut squash
1 cup chopped pecans or walnuts
3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Place pecans on an ungreased baking sheet.  Toast at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 5 to 8 minutes.
Peel the squash, and remove the seeds.  Cut into 1/2 inch cubes.  There will be about 6 cups squash. (Suggestions from someone else: I think the way this recipe is written should receive 3 stars, but I think with a few changes, it would be 5 stars (so I split the difference and gave it 4). Here is what I did. First, I cut the recipe in half as there were only 3 of us eating it (and one of them was a 2 year old). I sauteed the onions in the butter and while they were cooking, I put the cubed squash in the microwave for 3 minutes to par-cook it. Then I added the squash to the pan with the onion, added 1 Tbsp of brown sugar, salt, cayenne pepper and some craisins. Cooked that for a few minutes covered then added the toasted pecans and served. The end result was really, really good and we will make this again for sure.)
Melt butter or margarine in a heavy large skillet over low heat.  Add onion and saute until very tender, about 15 minutes. Add squash and toss to coat.  Cover.  Cook until squash is tender but still holds it shape, stirring frequently, about 15 minutes.  Season to taste with salt and pepper.  Can be prepared 4 hours ahead.  Let stand at room temperature.  Rewarm over medium heat before continuing.
Stir in half of the pecans and half of the parsley. Transfer mixture to bowl. Sprinkle with remaining pecans and parsley.  Serve.

Submitter: 
Wahlia
Description: 
A new twist on a squash dish!  Can be made 4 hours ahead.Modified from: Butternut Squash with Onions and Pecans
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
