URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/60747196/fall-muffins/
Title:
Fall Muffins Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1¼ cups cake flour
1½ cups whole-wheat flour
¾ tablespoon baking soda
¾ tablespoon cinnamon
¾ tablespoon salt
¾ cup raisins
1½ cup grated carrots
¾ cup almonds, crushed with a rolling pin
¾ cup shredded fresh coconut
1¼ cups peeled, cored, small- to medium-diced Granny Smith apples
4 eggs
5 ounces (scant 2/3 cup) maple syrup
¾ cup canola oil
¾ tablespoon vanilla extract
¼ cup apple juice
Nonstick spray
12 paper muffin or cupcake cups

Directions:
Directions: Preheat oven to 325 to 350 degrees.
Measure out the first five ingredients into five separate bowls.
Place the raisins, carrots, almonds, coconut and apples into one medium-size bowl.
Put the wet ingredients - eggs, maple syrup and oil - into three separate bowls.
Add a little bit of each of the first five ingredients to the mixing bowl on a mixer, followed by a little bit of each of the three wet ingredients. Allow the mixer to stir on medium speed until just combined (scrape the bottom of the bowl if necessary). Be careful not to overmix.
Once combined, repeat the process, adding a little more of the dry ingredients, then a little more of the wet ingredients, letting the mixer stir until just combined and making sure to incorporate the ingredients at the bottom of the bowl.
Pour in the fruit-nut mixture last, stirring until just combined.
Coat a muffin pan with nonstick spray. Place paper muffin or cupcake cups into the pan, then thoroughly spray the insides of the cups and the top of the pan with nonstick spray again.
Spoon the muffin batter into the cups, filling them just to the top (not over). Bake the muffins for 15 to 20 minutes, checking them after 15 minutes. They're done when a toothpick inserted into the center of a muffin comes out clean, and when the tops of the muffins turn a dark orange color.

Submitter: 
Cucina di papa
Description: 
Very nice muffin sweetened by real Maple Syrup... Nice Fall recipe.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30-35 min
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
