URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/60931602/decadent-smores-tiramisu/
Title:
Decadent S'mores Tiramisu Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
14 graham cracker sheets
1/2 cup cold whipping cream
1 tsp vanilla extract
3 egg yolks
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1 (8oz) pkg cream cheese softened
2 TBS orange liqueur
1 cup brewed expresso at room temperature
2 (1.55-oz) milk chocolate candy bars chopped
2 cups minature marshmallows
1 tsp unsweetened cocoa

Directions:
Break each graham cracker sheet into 4 equal pieces along preferations, remove and reserve 2 graham cracker pieces.
Beat whipping cream and vanilla at high speed with an electric mixer until soft peaks form. Cover and chill.
Meanwhile, bring a small amount of water to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Whisk together egg yolks and sugar in a medium size stainless bowl. Place metal bowl with egg mixture over boiling water in saucepan, making sure bottom of bowl does not touch boiling water. Whisk egg mixture constantly over boiling water 6-7 minutes. (mixture should be thick, pale, and hot to the touch) Transfer to a small bowl; cover and chill 15 minutes or until cool.
Beat cream cheese at medium speed for 30 sec or until creamy. Gradually add cooled egg mixture and orange liqueur, beating until smooth. Gently fold in whipped cream mixture.
Place espresso in a shallow dish or bowl. quickly dip 18 graham cracker pieces, 1 at a time, into expresso, and place in an 8" square baking dish to cover the bottom. Spread 1/3 of cream cheese mixture evenly over the crackers. Repeat layers twice. Sprinkle with chopped chocolate and top with marshmallows.
Broil 5: from heat 30 sec to 1 minute or until marshmallows are puffed and golden.  let cool 10 minutes. Dust with cocoa. Cover and chill at least 6 hours.
Break each reserved graham cracker piece into thirds. Insert one corner of graham cracker piece into top of each serving. Serve cold.

Submitter: 
interdesignmsu
Description: 

Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
