URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/61024/asian-orange-chicken/?src=VD_Summary
Title:
Asian Orange Chicken Recipe
Image:
NA
Ingredients:
1 ½ cups water
2 tablespoons orange juice
¼ cup lemon juice
⅓ cup rice vinegar
2 ½ tablespoons soy sauce
1 tablespoon grated orange zest
1 cup packed brown sugar
½ teaspoon minced fresh ginger root
½ teaspoon minced garlic
2 tablespoons chopped green onion
¼ teaspoon red pepper flakes
3 tablespoons cornstarch
2 tablespoons water
2  boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into 1/2 inch pieces
1 cup all-purpose flour
¼ teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon pepper
3 tablespoons olive oil

Directions:
Pour 1 1/2 cups water, orange juice, lemon juice, rice vinegar, and soy sauce into a saucepan and set over medium-high heat. Stir in the orange zest, brown sugar, ginger, garlic, chopped onion, and red pepper flakes. Bring to a boil. Remove from heat, and cool 10 to 15 minutes.
Place the chicken pieces into a resealable plastic bag. When contents of saucepan have cooled, pour 1 cup of sauce into bag. Reserve the remaining sauce. Seal the bag, and refrigerate at least 2 hours.
In another resealable plastic bag, mix the flour, salt, and pepper. Add the marinated chicken pieces, seal the bag, and shake to coat.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Place chicken into the skillet, and brown on both sides. Drain on a plate lined with paper towels, and cover with aluminum foil.
Wipe out the skillet, and add the sauce. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Mix together the cornstarch and 2 tablespoons water; stir into the sauce. Reduce heat to medium low, add the chicken pieces, and simmer, about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally.

Submitter: 
HARRY WETZEL
Description: 
A delicious citrus chicken recipe with flavors reminiscent of the orange chicken from a popular restaurant in the mall.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
1970 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.46
Prep time: 
40 mins
Ready in:
3 hrs 20 mins
Number of servings: 
2 hrs
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
445 calories
11.2
g fat
68.7
g carbohydrates
17.8
g protein
34
mg cholesterol
763
mg sodium.
