URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/61030620/fireside-chili/
Title:
Fireside Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1  Recipe Chili Seasoning, (recipe below)
1-1/2  lb. ground beef chuck
1  large onion, chopped
2  stalks celery, sliced
2  Tbsp. smoked paprika
2  tsp. ground coriander
1  tsp. crushed red pepper
1/4  to 1/2 tsp. ground cloves
1  28-oz. can whole tomatoes, cut up
1-1/2  cups water
1  14-oz. can beef broth
1  6-oz. can tomato paste
1  to 2-oz. bittersweet chocolate, chopped (optional)
1-1/2  cups dried plums or raisins, chopped
Cumin Polenta (optional), (recipe below)

Directions:
. Prepare Chili Seasoning Puree. In 6-quart Dutch oven cook beef, onion, and celery until meat is browned, stirring as needed. Drain fat.
2. Stir in Chili Puree, paprika, coriander, crushed red pepper, and cloves. Cook and stir 2 minutes. Stir in undrained tomatoes, water, beef broth, and tomato paste. Bring to boiling; reduce heat. Add chocolate and plums. Simmer, covered, 1 hour, stirring occasionally. Serve with Cumin Polenta. Makes 8 servings.
Chili Seasoning Puree: Place 2 dried chile peppers in a bowl. Add boiling water to cover. Let stand 30 minutes. Drain; remove stems and seeds. In food processor or blender combine drained chile pepper, 1 fresh jalapeño pepper, seeded and chopped; 3/4 cup beef broth, and 5 pitted dried plums. Cover and process or blend until smooth.
Cumin Polenta: In large heavy saucepan combine 2, 14-oz. cans reduced-sodium chicken broth and 2 teaspoons ground cumin; bring to boiling. Reduce heat; gradually whisk in 1 cup yellow cornmeal. Cook and stir until thick, about 6 to 8 minutes. Whisk in 1/2 cup whole milk and 1 tablespoon butter. Season with salt and pepper.

Submitter: 
Jill Sander
Description: 
Unusual ingredients, such as smoked paprika, plums, cloves, and bittersweet chocolate, give a standby recipe a conversation-worthy twist
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
