URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/61140473/naan/
Title:
Naan Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (.25 ounce) package active dry yeast
1 cup beer or warm water
1/4 cup white sugar
3 tablespoons yogurt or milk
1 egg, beaten
1/2 t baking soda
2 teaspoons salt
3 - 4 1/2 cups bread flour
2 teaspoons minced garlic (optional)
1/4 cup butter, melted

Directions:
In a large bowl, dissolve yeast in beer or warm water with 1 t sugar. Let stand about 10 minutes, until frothy.
Stir in sugar, yogurt or milk, egg, baking soda, salt, and enough flour to make a soft dough. Knead for 6 to 8 minutes on a lightly floured surface, or until smooth.
Place dough in a well oiled bowl, cover with a damp cloth, and set aside to rise. Let it rise 1 hour, until the dough has doubled in volume.
Punch down dough. Pinch off small handfuls of dough about the size of a golf ball.
Roll into balls, and place on a tray. Cover with a towel, and allow to rise until doubled in size, about 30 minutes.
During the second rising, preheat grill to high heat.
At grill side, roll one ball of dough out into a thin circle, using rolling pin. Lightly oil grill. Place dough on grill, and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, or until puffy and there are brown stripes on the naan - the rest of the naan can be pure white.
Brush uncooked side with butter, and turn over. Brush cooked side with butter, and cook.
Remove from grill, and continue the process until all the naan has been prepared.
NOTE: You may also cook the naan on an open George Foreman grill, or on the stovetop in a cast iron pan or grill pan.

Submitter: 
Kat G
Description: 
This recipe makes the best naan I have tasted outside of an Indian restaurant. I can't make enough of it for my family. I serve it with shish kabobs, but I think they would eat it plain.Modified from: Naan
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
3 hrs
Number of servings: 
14
Nutritional Facts:
NA
