URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/61327434/quick-savory-cranberry-glazed-pork-loin-roast/
Title:
Quick Savory Cranberry Glazed Pork Loin Roast Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (14.5 ounce) can whole berry cranberry sauce
1 cup apple jelly or jam
1 tablespoon Dijon mustard
4 cubes  chicken bouillon, crushed
1 teaspoon prepared horseradish
2 teaspoons garlic powder
2 teaspoons dried crushed thyme
1 (4 pound) boneless pork loin roast
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
(w/remaining 1/2 cup of sauce) add
1 1/2 cups chicken broth/stock
2 tbsp corn starch (mix w/small amount of cold broth first)

Directions:
Preheat an oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Combine the cranberry sauce, apple jelly, mustard, crushed bouillon, horseradish, garlic powder, and thyme in a saucepan; bring to a boil.
Line a large baking pan with foil. Place pork loin in pan, fat side up. Sprinkle evenly with salt and pepper. Use a pastry brush and a small spoon to completely coat the pork with sauce.
Cook until the pork is no longer pink in the center, about 35 minutes, basting every 10 minutes with remaining sauce. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 140-145 degrees F . Let rest for 15 minutes

Submitter: 
Frenchy
Description: 
This simple, 1-hour roast is our favorite Christmas dish and voted most likely to be served if the President were to drop in for dinner- LOLL!! I love serving this entree because it causes me NO stress and everyone raves over it. While the pork is roasting, make another batch of the cranberry glaze to serve in a gravy boat alongside the sliced pork roast.  For food safety, the new batch should not be prepared in same pan as the first if you have been basting directly out of the saucepan. If you basted out of another dish, you can use the same pan.Modified from: Quick Savory Cranberry Glazed Pork Loin Roast
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
1 hr 10 min
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
