URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/61331595/proper-english-cottage-pie/
Title:
Proper English Cottage Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound lean ground beef
1 onion, diced
2 cloves garlic minced
4 carrots, sliced thin
3/4 cup frozen small peas
1/2 cup sliced mushrooms-cooked
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
2 tspn no-salt herb seasoning
1 tablespoon Italian seasoning
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
1 1/2 cups beef broth
1 tablespoon tomato paste
salt and pepper to taste
4 potatoes, peeled and diced
1/4 cup butter, softened
1 cup milk
salt and pepper to taste
1/4 pound shredded Cheddar cheese or use parmesan

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
To Make Meat Filling: Place a large skillet over medium heat. Crumble in ground beef and saute 1 minute. Add onion and carrot, then continue to saute until meat is no longer pink and onion begins to brown, about 5 minutes. Add peas and mushrooms. Mix in flour, mixed herbs, and parsley.
In a small bowl, combine beef broth and tomato paste. Mix together, then add to beef mixture. Add salt and pepper to taste. Lower heat and simmer mixture for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally, until almost all of liquid has been absorbed. Spoon mixture into a 9 inch pie plate.
To Make Potato Topping: Place diced potatoes in a medium saucepan. Cover with water and place over high heat. Allow to come to a boil. Boil for 15 minutes, or until potatoes are tender. Drain.
Mash potatoes until smooth, then add butter or margarine, followed by milk. Whip until fluffy. Add salt and pepper to taste. Spread potatoes over beef filling. Sprinkle with grated Cheddar cheese.or Parmesan Cheese.
Bake in preheated oven for 25 minutes, until top is browned and cheese is bubbly.

Submitter: 
Frenchy
Description: 
Proper English Cottage Pie is a delicious, very traditional mince pie (beef) topped with mashed potato. Serve with garden peas.Modified from: Proper English Cottage Pie
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
