URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/61560275/healthier-boilermaker-tailgate-chili/
Title:
Healthier Boilermaker Tailgate Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/280701.jpg
Ingredients:
2 pounds extra-lean ground beef
1 pound Italian chicken sausage, diced
3 (15 ounce) cans chili beans, drained
1 (15 ounce) can chili beans in spicy sauce
2 (28 ounce) cans diced tomatoes with juice
1 (6 ounce) can tomato paste
1 large yellow onion, chopped
3 stalks celery, chopped
1 green bell pepper, seeded and chopped
1 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped
2 green chile peppers, seeded and chopped
1/2 cup beer
1/4 cup chili powder
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
1 tablespoon minced garlic
1 tablespoon dried oregano
2 teaspoons ground cumin
2 teaspoons hot pepper sauce (e.g. Tabasco™)
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1 teaspoon paprika
1 teaspoon white sugar
3 cups baked tortilla chips

Directions:
Heat a large stock pot over medium-high heat. Crumble the ground beef and sausage into the hot pan, and cook until evenly browned. Drain off excess grease.
Pour in the chili beans, spicy chili beans, diced tomatoes and tomato paste. Add the onion, celery, green and red bell peppers, chile peppers, and beer. Season with chili powder, Worcestershire sauce, garlic, oregano, cumin, hot pepper sauce, basil, salt, pepper, cayenne, paprika, and sugar. Stir to blend, then cover and simmer over low heat for at least 2 hours, stirring occasionally.
After 2 hours, taste, and adjust salt, pepper, and chili powder if necessary. The longer the chili simmers, the better it will taste. Remove from heat and serve, or refrigerate, and serve the next day.
To serve, ladle into bowls, and top with baked tortilla chips. Sprinkle with red onion, cilantro or diced avocado (optional).

Submitter: 
MakeItHealthy
Description: 
This chili has always been great during football season - and the rest of the year! But I like to make it a little healthier by reducing the fat and sodium content.Modified from: Boilermaker Tailgate Chili
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
2 hrs 30 min
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
