URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/61598278/healthier-white-chocolate-raspberry-cheesecake/
Title:
Healthier White Chocolate Raspberry Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/281829.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup chocolate cookie crumbs
1 tablespoon white sugar
3 tablespoons butter, melted
1 (10 ounce) package frozen raspberries
2 tablespoons white sugar
2 teaspoons cornstarch
1/2 cup water
2 cups white chocolate chips
1/4 cup 1% milk
3 (8 oz) packages neufchatel, softened
1/2 cup white sugar
3 eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla extract

Directions:
Cover the outside of a 9-inch springform pan with double layers of aluminum foil.  In a medium bowl, mix together cookie crumbs, 1 tablespoon sugar, and melted butter. Press mixture into the bottom of the pan.
In a saucepan, combine raspberries, 2 tablespoons sugar, cornstarch, and water. Bring to boil, and continue boiling 5 minutes, or until sauce is thick. Strain sauce through a mesh strainer to remove seeds.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Bring a kettle of water to a boil. In a metal bowl over a pan of simmering water, melt white chocolate  chips with the milk stirring occasionally until smooth.
In a large bowl, mix together neufchatel and 1/2 cup sugar until smooth. Beat in eggs one at a time. Blend in vanilla and melted white chocolate. Pour half of batter over crust. Spoon 3 tablespoons raspberry sauce over batter. Pour remaining cheesecake batter into pan, and again spoon 3 tablespoons raspberry sauce over the top. Swirl batter with the tip of a knife to create a marbled effect.
Place the pan in a roasting pan. Place in oven and fill the roasting pan with the hot water to halfway up the outside of the pan. Bake for 55 to 60 minutes, or until filling is set. Cool, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 8 hours before removing from pan. Serve with remaining raspberry sauce.

Submitter: 
MakeItHealthy
Description: 
This recipe still packs all the flavor of a great restaurant-style cheesecake, but we made it healthier by using lighter dairy products and less butter and sugar.Modified from: White Chocolate Raspberry Cheesecake
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
1 hr
Ready in:
10 hrs
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
