URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/61614213/cake-mix-cookies-viii-revised/
Title:
Cake Mix Cookies VIII Revised Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (18.25 ounce) package Pillsbury chocolate cake mix
1 tbs oil
vanilla
1/2 cup butter, softened
2 eggs
1 cup semisweet chocolate chips

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
HELPFUL TIP FOR THICK AND CHEWY: I was worried about mine turning out flat like many users said but I think the problem is they are overmixing. Use room temp butter, and as the directions say &#34;STIR&#34; with spoon not mixer. After you've &#34;smushed&#34; in the butter into the batter, and the must add 2T oil, and 1t vanilla, THEN add the eggs and chocolate chips. I also then stick this in the fridge for 30 min or even overnight when I'm preparing ahead ...or in the freezer for 15 min. I bake for 10 min (my oven is quick). Basically if you let this cool on the cookie sheet for 15 min. and the middle is still too gooey, just stick it in the oven again, and add 4 min. I do this with any cookie recipe, and always works. I posted 2 pics. One after not putting in fridge BUT NOT OVERMIXING, and then ones left in fridge plus NOT OVERMIXING. Clearly a difference in thickness.
In a medium bowl, stir together the cake mix, butter and eggs until smooth and well blended. Mix in the chocolate chips. Drop by spoonfuls onto ungreased baking sheets.
Bake for 8 to 10 minutes in the preheated oven. Allow cookies to cool on baking sheet for 5 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.

Submitter: 
HEALYJ
Description: 
You can vary this recipe.  This one is for chocolate cake mix with chocolate chips.  You can use peanut butter chips or raspberry chips and nuts instead.  You can also add 1/4 cup of brown sugar.  Or you can use another flavor cake mix and omit the chocolate chips.  The cake mix, butter and egg mixture is the same for all.Modified from: Cake Mix Cookies VIII
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
25 min
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
