URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/61791988/squash-curry-with-lentils-and-apples/
Title:
Squash Curry with Lentils and Apples Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup brown lentils
4 cups chicken broth
1/2 teaspoon turmeric
1 tablespoon canola oil
1 large onion, diced
2 tomatoes, cored and chopped
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 tablespoons curry powder, or to taste
1 tablespoon Turmeric
2 teaspoons ground cumin
1 Tablespoon salt
1/2 teaspoon black pepper
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
1/8 teaspoon red pepper
2 cups peeled, cubed (1-inch), seeded winter squash
2 potatoes, unpeeled and chopped, 2 cups
2 carrots, peeled and diced, 1 cups
2 cups packed fresh spinach, chopped
2 Apple, unpeeled, cored and diced, 2 cups
1 cups dried apricots, diced.
2 cans diced tomatoes
1 can tomato paste
2 cups eggplant

Directions:
Place the brown lentils in a pan with the water and turmeric. Cook over medium-low heat until tender, about 45 minutes. Drain, reserving 2 1/2 cups of the cooking liquid.
Meanwhile, heat the oil in a large, deep pot over medium heat. Stir in the onion, and cook until tender and transparent, about 5 minutes.
Stir in the tomatoes and garlic; cook 5 minutes more, stirring occasionally. Mix in the curry powder, cumin, salt, pepper, and cloves.
Add the cooked lentils, reserved cooking liquid, winter squash, potatoes, and carrots.
Cover, and cook over medium-low heat until the vegetables are tender, 35 to 45 minutes. Stir in the spinach, apples and apricots. Cook until the squash can be easily pierced with a fork, about 15 minutes more. Adjust seasonings to taste.

Submitter: 
Alaine
Description: 
Ver. 01: This is a recipe that is still in progress. I made some tweaks added apricots, used a different winter squash and am still working with the quantities. It's still pretty good, yet seems to be missing something -- so I'm still working on it. 
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Ver. 00 This dish makes a hearty autumn or winter meal with its unique combination of ingredients.  What a delicious vegetarian dish!Modified from: Pumpkin Curry with Lentils and Apples
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
2 hrs 10 min
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
