URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/61923467/roasted-vegetables-with-polenta/
Title:
Roasted Vegetables with Polenta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 zucchini, sl. 3/4 inches thick
1 red bell pepper, 1 1/2 inch dice
1 green bell pepper, 1 1/2 inch dice
1 large tomato, cut in eighths
2 celery ribs, 1/2 inch thick
8 garlic cloves, peeled
1 tsp. dried thyme
fresh ground pepper
3 Tbsp. olive oil
2 med. onions-sl. 1/2 inch thick
salt to taste
4 cups water
1/2 tsp. salt
1 1/4 cups cornmeal
1 Tbsp. butter, cut into bits
1/3 cup grated Parm. cheese

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
Place the zucchini, peppers, tomato, celery, and garlic cloves in a large bowl. Sprinkle on the thyme and season with black pepper. Pour on 2 Tbsp. of the oil and toss to coat. Spread the vegetable mixture onto a large baking sheet so that it is in one layer. Set aside.
Pour the remaining Tbsp. of oil into a pie plate and spread evenly. Carefully place the sliced onions in the dish, keeping them intact. Rub the bottoms of the onions in the oil to coat them, then turn each slice over. Place the vegetables and onions in the oven and cook 25 to 30 minutes. Remove after 15 minutes and and turn the vegetables and onions over with tongs. They are done when tender and brown. Season the vegetables with salt. Let cool while making the polenta because the vegetables are more flavorful served warm, not piping hot.
To make the polenta, bring the water and salt to a boil in a medium-sized saucepan. Reduce the heat to medium and slowly drizzle in the cornmeal, whisking all the while. Continue to whisk until the polenta is thick and begins to tear away from the sides of the pan, about 7 minutes. Stir in the butter and cheese. Serve some polenta on each plate and top with the roasted vegetables.

Submitter: 
Christine Westrom
Description: 

Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
roughly 1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
