URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/61991466/chili-seasoning-mix-3/
Title:
Chili Seasoning Mix 3 Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
(O means optional)
1 lb each ground Turkey and beef
I can Black Beans - rinsed
1 can Dark Red Kidney Beans rinsed
4 teaspoons chili powder
1 tablespoon crushed red pepper
3 tablespoon fresh minced red onion
1 Large or 2 med fresh tomatoes blanched, skinned and diced - (to save as much juice as possible when you deseed it  - you can do it over a cheesecloth and bowl.) (may substitute canned if you aren;t feeling homemadey today :)
2 tablespoons minced fresh Jalapeno  (O) save one tablespoon for garnish
1 tablespoon fresh, minced garlic
2 teaspoons Splenda (O) May use regular sugar
2 teaspoons ground cumin
2 teaspoons dried parsley
2 teaspoons Course Sea Salt
1 teaspoon Fresh Basil Chiffanade
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
Substitute dry for the fresh ingredients if you wish. But it's not nearly as good. :)
I like making my chili mixes fresh.

Directions:
In a bowl, stir together dried ingredients, chili powder, red pepper, sugar, cumin, salt, and pepper.
Cook the garlic, and onion and one tablespoon of the Jalapeno with the turkey and beef. Once all the meat is done, drain it and lightly rinse to get rid of some of the fat.
Return it to the vessel and add the tomatoes...2 tbsp of tomato paste in 1/4 cup water stirred up and blended, and reserved tomatoe juice. Stew it down. Add dry ingredients. Cook to desired thickness...for extended cooking just add some beef broth and slow cook it. The longer it cooks the better. No Hurry.
Before serving - add fresh herbs towards the end. Garnish with shredded sharp Cheddar and Basil Chiffonade and add a dollop of Daisy at the end before serving. Serve with Corn Chips or Hot cheesy Cornbread. I also add sprinkles of fresh and crisp minced Jalapeno on top...but you can cook it with the beef as well..or eliminate altogether.

Submitter: 
ChefAnnetteWilmingtonNC
Description: 
This chili seasoning features fresh ingredients instead of dryModified from: Chili Seasoning Mix II
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
1 hr or less
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
