URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62026838/stained-glass-cookies/
Title:
Stained glass cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Cookies:
1/2 cup vegtable shortening
1/2 cup (1 stick) butter
1 1/2 cups granulated sugar
4 oz (half an 8-oz package) cream cheese, softened
1 tsp vanilla
1 egg
4 cups unbleached all-purpose flour
1/2 tsp ground ginger
1 tsp ground nutmeg
1/2 tsp baking soda
1/2 tsp salt
Candy Centers:
2/3 cup hard candy, finely crushed (life savers work great)

Directions:
In a large bowl, cream the shortening, butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Mix in the softened cream cheese, vanilla and egg, and beat well.
In a medium sized bowl, sift together the flour, ginger, nutmeg, baking soda and salt. Gradually add the dry ingredients to the butter mixture, beating until well combined.
Cover the dough and refigerate it overnight, to firm it up.
Next day, remove the dough from the refigerator and divide it into quarters. Keeping the remaining pieces refigerated until they're needed, roll out each piece of dough on a lightly floured work surface to a thickness of 1/8 inch
Use a 3 1/2 to 4 inch round cookie cutter to cut the dough and immediatly transfer the cookies to greased parchment or greased foil lined baking sheets, leaving about 1 inch between them. Use a smaller (1 inch or so) cutter, in the shape of a heart, star, diamond or other shape to cut out the centers of the cookies. If the dough isnt cold enough, refrigerate the sheets and cut out the centers when the dough is a bit easier to work with.
Refigerate the scraps and re-roll them with the remaining portions of dough, cutting out cookies till all the dough is gone.
Fill each cookie center with crushed candy; you'll need about 1/2 tsp per cookie depending upon the size hole you've cut into the middle. Spread the candy in a thin, even layer. Dont mix too many candy colors or the centers may turn a muddy brown. You may mix complementary colors, such as red and yellow to make orange. If you intend to hang the cookies on your tree, use a drinking straw to poke a hole in the top of each cookie, for the ribbon or hanger.
Preheat the oven to 370 F and bake the cookies for 6-7 minutes, or until they're just firm, but still somewhat pale and just lightly browned around the outer edges. Let them cool on the baking sheet.
Loosen the cookies carefully, and peel them off the parchment or foil. If they're for eating rather than decorating, store them airtight in a cool, dry place, packed in a single layer.

Submitter: 
A-NET
Description: 
A differant take on a pretty Christmas cookie.
Made with Cream cheese.
They can be used for ornaments by poking a hole in the top
with a straw.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
22 m
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
