URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62023896/chicken-chimichangas/
Title:
Chicken Chimichangas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 boneless, skinless breasts
1 pkg fresh tortillas
1 diced onion
1 diced green pepper
1 can green chilies
1 pkg. shredded montery jack cheese
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon chili powder
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 cup oil
1/4 cup butter or margarine

Directions:
Wash breasts and trim of any fat.Put into boiling water and boil for about 20 minutes,until no longer pink.
While that's cooking dice vegetables and chilies and saute' in butter until tender,set aside.
Once the chicken is done.Put them on a large plate and with 2 forks one in each hand.Put one fork in chicken and with the other fork,pull at the chicken, shredding it.
Add all shredded chicken to sauteed vegetables and add  seasonings.
( You can also use a package of chicken taco seasoning if you prefer).
Mix well.
Warm your tortillas about 5 at a time in microwave 20 seconds ( so they don't break when filling)
Place about 1/4 cup of chicken mixture near edge of tortilla.
Top with as much cheese as you desire.
Fold both corners over and then roll.
This should make it so mixture is completely enclosed (kinda like a big eggroll)
Seal these in the middle with a toothpick.Repeat until you have made them all,about 8.
Heat oil in frying pan and fry these 3 or 4 at a time 2 minutes on each side,Just until golden brown.
Drain on paper towels.
After cooked (Don't forget to take the toothpicks out) I top these with sour cream, green onion, black olives,guacamole,and more cheese.This will make a meal in itself.
Or serve with spanish rice or even nachos.
No topping over these is neccesary,just a matter of personal taste.

Submitter: 
LOVE2COOK2
Description: 
Your family will love these chicken chimis, they are flavorful and fairly easy to make.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
65 m
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
