URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62024311/annas-savory-baked-chicken/
Title:
Anna/s Savory Baked Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2-3 lbs of boneless skinless chicken breast
1/2 cup All-Purpose flour
4 oz button mushrooms thinly sliced
1/4 cup onion finely chopped
3 Tbsp butter
3 Tbsp vegetable oil
2 tsp chicken bullion crumbled or powdered.
1 can half fat evaporated milk
1/2 tsp savory
1/2 cup water
Freshly ground pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat your oven to 350 F.  Dust the chicken in flour and brown in a heavy skillet using 3 Tbsp of vegetable oil.  Reserve 2 Tbsp of the flour.  Arrange browned chicken evenly in a 2qt casserole dish with a lid and sprinkle with 1/4 tsp savory and freshly ground pepper.  Bake uncovered for 20 minutes.  While chicken is cooking, increase heat on pan and add ½ cup of water and bullion to pan stirring and scraping brown bits from pan until bullion is dissolved and broth is reduced by 1/2.  Through a sieve, drain liquid and reserve skimming off fat as desired.  In a clean skillet, melt the butter, add the mushrooms and onion and cook until tender.  Sprinkle 2 Tbsp flour over vegetables and stir until flour is absorbed and no longer dry.  Stir in reserved broth and gradually add the milk mixing well.  Add the remaining savory and stir until thick.  Spoon hot sauce over chicken to coat and cover, continue to cook an additional 15 min.  When serving, transfer chicken to platter and whisk the creamy savory sauce until incorporated, spoon sauce over chicken pieces and serve with bright vegetables.

Submitter: 
Sneakyteaky
Description: 
Creamy Summer Savory sauce drowns chicken breasts baked in the oven.  This is a real home-cooked meal that took me almost a year to perfect.  The thing it was missing was the evaporated milk.  Don't be surprised by it.  The flavour is incredible.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
