URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62025738/stroopwafels/
Title:
stroopwafels Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
COOKIES:
1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
Pinch of salt
2 large eggs
3/4 cup sugar
2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract
1 teaspoon pure lemon extract
1/3 cup (2/3 of a stick) unsalted butter, melted and cooled
1 cup Caramel Sauce
CARAMEL SAUCE:
1 cup sugar
1 tablespoon corn syrup
1 teaspoon lemon juice
6 tablespoons heavy cream
1/2 vanilla bean, split and scraped
1 tablespoon unsalted butter

Directions:
FOR THE COOKIES:
1. Heat a nonstick pizzelle iron. In a large bowl, sift together all-purpose flour, baking powder, and salt; set aside.
2. In a large bowl, whisk the eggs. Slowly add the sugar, and continue mixing until well blended. Whisk in the extracts. Slowly add the cooled butter in a steady stream, whisking continuously until the batter is smooth.
3. Slowly add the sifted flour mixture, and keep whisking until the flour is completely incorporated into the batter. Do not overmix.
4. Fill a pastry bag fitted with a #4 Ateco plain tip with batter. Pipe 1 1/2 tablespoons of batter in a circle around the center of each pattern on the heated pizzelle iron. Close the iron and seal with the clasp. Cook for 50 to 60 seconds. Using a small spatula, remove pizzelles, and place on a wire rack to cool.
5. When pizzelles are cool, trim to shape, if necessary. Spread half of the cookies with 1 1/2 tablespoons of cooled Caramel Sauce and sandwich together with a plain cookie, pressing gently to evenly spread caramel. Store in an airtight container up to 3 days.
FOR THE CARAMEL SAUCE:
1. Combine sugar with a 1/4 cup of water, corn syrup, and lemon juice in a small saucepan over medium heat. Gently swirl until sugar dissolves. Without stirring, cook mixture until dark amber in color, swirling pan carefully while cooking, about 10 minutes.
2. Reduce the heat to low, and slowly add the cream, stirring with a wooden spoon. Be careful: The hot caramel will splatter when the cream is added. Add the vanilla bean and the butter, and stir until smooth.
3. Strain the sauce through a fine strainer into a bowl, and set aside to cool.

Submitter: 
Peggy McCormack
Description: 
Dutch cookie with caramel syrup between two thin cookies.  Absolutely delicious!  I lived in Holland for a year and fell in love with these cookies.  I was so happy to finally find a recipe!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
