URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62024257/scrumptious-quesedillas/
Title:
"Scrumptious" Quesedillas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 Gordita style tortillas, soft taco size
12 oz. shredded jack cheese
6-8 chicken tenders
12 oz. frozen bell pepper strips mix (red, green and yellow)
4 oz. chopped onion
8 oz. package fresh, sliced mushrooms
1 tbsp. olive oil
1 tbsp. butter
2 tbsp. crushed garlic, divided
1 tsp. chicken boulion base
2 oz. water
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
1.  Preheat oven to 350.
2.  In a large fry pan, put in the olive oil, chicken tenders, peppers and onion over medium heat.  Move contents around to avoid burning.  As soon as olive oil is gone, add the water and boulion base.
3.  In a small pan, add the butter, 1 tbsp. of crushed garlic and the mushrooms.  Sautee until soft and set aside.
4.  Check chicken for doneness.  If vegetables are done cooking before chicken, remove and set aside.  Cook chicken until no longer pink.  While chicken is still hot, take a large spatula and start breaking the chicken into small, shredded pieces.
5.  Lay the six tortillas on a cookie sheet. Place a layer of cheese, a layer of chicken, a layer of vegetables and a layer of mushrooms on one half of each tortilla.  Fold tortilla in half.
6.  Bake in a 350 degree oven for about five minutes or until cheese is melted.  Be careful not to overbake, as tortilla will get hard.
May be cut into strips, wedges or havles.
Dip in sour cream if desired.

Submitter: 
Michelle A
Description: 
My husband asks me to make these delicious quesadillas at least three times per week.  He is the one who called them scrumptious.  This recipe is also a crowd pleaser, as the ingredients can be prepared the night before and then baked the next morning.  I hope you enjoy them as much as my family does.  Truly delicious and worth the time and effort.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
