URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62024543/apple-brie-stuffed-chicken-with-white-wine-sauce/
Title:
Apple & Brie-Stuffed Chicken with White Wine Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 boned and skinned chicken breast halves
1 tart apple, peeled, cored, and diced into small pieces
1/2 cup	brie, cut into small cubes
1/4 tsp	salt
1/8 tsp	freshly ground black pepper
1 tsp dried thyme, divided
1 cup white wine
2 Tbsp butter or margarine
1/2 cup heavy cream
1 Tbsp flour, if needed

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350°F.
Place chicken breast halves between two sheets of waxed paper and pound with a mallet until of a uniform thickness, about 1/4-1/2" thick, depending on the size of the chicken breast halves.
Meanwhile, in a small bowl, combine diced apple, cubed brie, salt, pepper, and 1/2 tsp. of dried thyme that you've crushed in your palm.  Toss to mix well.  Spoon 1/4 of apple & cheese mixture into center of each chicken breast, and roll up tightly, tucking in the ends so the apple and brie mixture doesn't seep out.  Fasten with toothpicks as necessary.
Place rolled chicken breasts in a small baking dish that's been sprayed with Pam cooking spray so the sides of chicken rolls are touching.  Bake in preheated 350°F. oven for 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, in a small saucepan over medium-high heat, heat the white wine, butter and remaining 1/2 tsp. dried thyme that's been crushed in your palm, until bubbling.  Simmer on medium heat for 5 minutes or so, until slightly reduced.  Whisk in the cream until fully mixed, and let simmer on low heat for a few minutes.  If needed, add up to 1 Tbsp. of flour, whisking until incorporated, and sauce begins to thicken slightly.
Remove chicken from oven, and pour white wine sauce over the top.  Return to the oven and continue baking for another 20-25 minutes, or until chicken is done, basting occasionally with the sauce.
Serve chicken breasts over basmati or jasmine rice, spooning sauce over the top.

Submitter: 
LINDA W.
Description: 
Brie and apples go so well together, and this is a wonderfully elegant way to include them in a main meal.  It definitely isn't lo-cal, but with flavors such as this, who cares?  :-)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
50 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
