URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62037261/the-best-ever-roast-turkey/
Title:
The Best Ever Roast Turkey Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup butter, softened
3 cloves garlic, minced
2 tsp. poultry seasoning
1/2 tsp. salt
1/2 tsp. pepper
18 lb. turkey
1 onion, peeled and quartered, optional
1 large carrot, quartered, optional
1 stalk celery, quartered, optional
1 apple, quartered, optional
1/2 cup melted butter
1/4 cup lemon juice
Foil

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 325. Rinse the turkey and pat it dry, being sure to remove the innards from the cavity and the neck.
2. Blend the butter with the garlic, poultry seasoning, salt and pepper. Using your hand loosen the skin on the turkey. Take generous amounts of the butter mixture and smear it all over the turkey UNDERNEATH the skin. Using what little of the mixture you have left, smear it all over the outside of the skin. Sprinkle with additional salt and pepper, if desired.
3. If you aren't using dressing to stuff the bird, place the onion, carrot, celery and apple inside the body cavity.
4. Mix the melted butter with the lemon juice and brush all over the skin. Splash a little inside the cavity also.
5. Place the turkey, breast side up, in a roasting pan, using a meat rack, if needed. Using some foil, make a tent to cover the bird.
6. Bake about 15 minutes per pound. An 18 lb. turkey generally takes about 4 and a half hours. To be safe, use a thermometer, 170 for breast meat, 185 for the dark near the thigh. Baste every 25 minutes with the lemon and butter mixture.
7. The last couple of hours, uncover the turkey so the skin reaches a deep golden brown color.
8. When done, cover the turkey with more foil and let rest about 20-25 minutes before carving.
9. Total time with resting is about 5 and a half hours.

Submitter: 
SABRYSON
Description: 
This is the best recipe for roast turkey I have ever had. Juicy and full of flavor, I'm sure you'll agree.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
5 h
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
