URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62033097/stuffed-bell-pepper-with-sauerkraut-kielbasa/
Title:
Stuffed Bell Pepper with Sauerkraut & Kielbasa Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8 - large size green bell peppers
8oz- lean hamburger meat
8oz- ground veal or pork
16oz polish kielbasa - sliced & chopped
1/2 cup instant rice
2 onions - small chopped fine
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon pepper
1 teaspoon red pepper flakes
1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper
8 cloves of garlic chopped fine
1 egg
2 beef bouillon cubes
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon pepper
3 large cans (32oz) tomato sauce
3 tablespoons tomato paste
1 cup water
2 large jars (32oz) sauerkraut rinsed and drained.

Directions:
Cut tops off peppers and clean peppers out and drain.
In a large bowl, combine beef, veal or pork, 1/2 of the chopped kielbasa, rice, egg,1 teaspoon salt,1 teaspoon black pepper, 1/2 of chopped garlic and tomato paste.  Mix well and fill green peppers.
In another bowl, add tomato sauce, remaining garlic, water, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, red pepper flakes, cayenne pepper.  Use a whisk to mix well.
In a large pot pour in half of tomato sauce mixture sprinkle 1/2 of remaining kielbasa left, half of the sauerkraut and the beef bouillon .  Carefully set the stuff peppers on top of the sauce. Put remaining sauerkraut and kiebasa on top of peppers.  Pour remaining tomato sauce mixture on top of peppers.  Put the peppers on medium heat, when they start to boil lower heat to low and cook for 1 hour and cover pot with a lid.  Check the peppers after the hour to see if the bell peppers are tender, if not cook for additional 30 minutes.  Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Tina Andre' Fox
Description: 
This is so different from any stuffed bell pepper recipe I've ever tried.  The sauerkraut brings such a great flavor to the peppers.  Whenever I fix these I have to triple the recipe so I can send leftovers home.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
depends
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
