URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62038526/spicy-chicken-fried-rice/
Title:
Spicy Chicken Fried Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 boneless skinless chicken breast
1/8 tsp ground white pepper
1/8 tsp ground red pepper
1/8 tsp ground ginger
1/2 cup soy sauce
2 cloves minced garlic
2 eggs
1/2 finely diced onion
1/2 frozen or fresh green peas
3 cups cooked white rice
Butter flavored cooking spray
2 tbsp. low-cal butter substitute/spread

Directions:
Slice chicken breast across the grain as thinly as possible--strips should be transparent.  Place chicken with all ground spices, minced garlic, and 1/4 cup soy sauce in bowl to marinate.  Generally I prepare marinade prior to cooking rice, and marinate until rice is cooked (about 20 minutes).
Spray large, non-stick skillet with butter flavored cooking spray and heat to medium high.  Add both eggs and scramble, chopping eggs to small pieces with wooden spoon or spatula.  Remove egg to large bowl and set aside.
Add minced onion to skillet and saute until transparent.  Use additional cooking spray if needed.  Add cooked onion to bowl with egg.
Place frozen peas in skillet and heat just until hot--about 3 minutes.  Add peas to bowl with egg and onion.
Dump chicken with marinade into skillet and cook until chicken is firm, about 4 minutes.  Remove chicken from pan and add to bowl with egg, onion and peas.
Adjust flame under skillet to high and add rice (cooked according to package directions) and final 1/4 cup of soy sauce.  Fry until firm and evenly coated with soy sauce, approximately 6 minutes. Additional cooking spray may be necessary during this step.
Add rice to bowl with all other ingredients, including lo-cal butter substitute (I use Brummel and Brown's).  Stir until ingredients are evenly distributed.  Serve hot.

Submitter: 
ACHERRE
Description: 
This recipe is a guaranteed hit for all, and is a healthy alternative to the oil laden take-out version!  I've made this recipe for many impromptu dinners with rave reviews.  Many of the ingredients are available in most kitchens, and the small amount of meat needed is stretched to easily feed four hungry diners!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
