URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62035639/sushi-korean/
Title:
Sushi ( korean) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups short grain rice.
2 cups water.
2 tablespoons cider vinegar
400grams of minced beef
2-3 Tablespoons soy sauce
1 onion diced
2 whole leaves silverbeet
2 - 3 eggs
1 tin tuna in springwater or brine
1-2 carrots (cut into matchsticks)
1 cucumber (cut into matchsticks)
6-8 nori sheets.

Directions:
1/ Boil rice with water and cider vinegar till all moisture is absorbed and rice grains are sticky and soft.
2/ Toast nori sheets by holding and rotating just barely above the raw element of the stovetop til they shrink and crispen slightly
3/ Boil silverbeet as whole leaves. when cool rool and slice the silverbeet into strips.
4/ Whisk eggs and add 1 TAblespoon of soy sauce and 3 Tablespoons of water, fry the omelette and when cool, roll and slice into strips.
5/ Fry onions till soft and transulcent, brown mince and add soy sauce, set aside to cool.
6/ On a bamboo mat, place the nori sheet and spread the rice evenly over the surface of the sheet, ensuring that the edges are not covered. The thickness of the rice should be about 2 cm.
7/ From left to right lay the carrot sticks in a line along the edge closest to yourself. Then right next to the carrot as close as possible, lay the Tuna in a line, then lay the silverbeet strips beside that, then lay the mince in a line, then lay the omelette, then the cucumber. Repeat layers till the food reaches the middle of the nori sheet.
8/ LIke a ciggerette, TIGHTLY roll the closest edge (the food layers) towards the centre of the nori sheet just passed the last layer of ingredients taking care not to let any of the layers slip, amd maintaining even pressure along the roll left to right roll the remainder to the far edge. Seal with a grain or two of the sticky rice, place the joining edge on the bottom, and cut into 4 cm thicknesses.

Submitter: 
sassyangelkiwi Donna-Maree Aus
Description: 
this is the Korean kind using spiced mince and tinned tuna instead of raw fish, this is mouthwatering and wonderfull, but you really need 5o practice rolling sushi b4 making it for the 1st time for a group, as its really difficult. But entirelly worth it.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
30 -60 min
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
