URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62036985/lamb-for-lovers/
Title:
Lamb for Lovers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:

Directions:
-2 7-Bone Racks of Lamb (have butcher trim fat cap and in between bones.  Save trimmings for roasting.
1.  Take trimmings and fat cap saute in a small amount of olive oil.  Salt and pepper ( always fresh ground s&p, I use kosher salt).  Get fat good and broen without burning.  When deep and golden brown lower heat and add fresh garlic finely minced.  Use this to your own taste, I like 5 or so large cloves.  Also add one diced onion, 4 diced carrots, and 1 c. chopped celery tops.  Add 1 cup of drinkable port wine and 1 cup of drinkable red wine and 1 14 1/2 oz. can low-sodium chicken stock.  Reduce over low simmer and add more stock, wine & port as needed.  The easiest part of this is to let it simmer in a crock pot over night, strain, add 1 bunch fresh spearmint, three good size twigs of fresh rosemary, and 1/2 bottle of fine quality mint jelly; then begin reducing over cook top adding more port, wine and stock as needed until mixture leaves syrup like coating of film on back of spoon, strain once more keep warm and reserve for lamb loins. (The best demi glaze takes me two days to make but really you'll be glad you took the time..it really is delicious!
Preheat oven to 450*.  Use a cast iron skillet for best results, however any oven-proof skillet will work.  Place skillet in oven so it also reaches 450*.  Meantime trim all excess fat and preen rib bones.  Rub meat with extra virgin olive oil; salt & pepper; and finely minced garlic; spray with olive oil and coat with panko breadcrumbs.
Pour  2 to 3 tbsp. canola or olive oil in heated skillet and sear loins on all sides.  Continue cooking to desired temperature. 5 to 7 minutes for medium rare.
Pour small amout of demi glase on platter, arrange sliced loins cris-crossing riblets drizzle with additional demi glaze; garnish with sprigs of fresh mint.  Serve aith oven roasted red potatoes and sauteed green beans almandine.

Submitter: 
THEISRAELS
Description: 
Rack of Lamb with Rosemary, Mint and Apple Demi glaze
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
