URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62032691/southwestern-summer-salad-supper/
Title:
Southwestern Summer Salad Supper Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves
1-2 T cayenne pepper
1-2 T cumin
dash of garlic salt
1 box (10 oz) plain couscous
water or canned chicken broth
1 T olive oil
1 large lemon
3 T olive oil
1 t. red wine vinegar
1 t. cumin
1 bunch green onions, white and some green, sliced thin
1/2 small red bell pepper, chopped
1/2 small green bell pepper, chopped
1 t. minced fresh jalapeno pepper (optional)
1/4 cup fresh cilantro leaves
1 can (15 oz) sweet corn kernels, drained
1 can (15 oz) black beans, drained
1 can (2 1/4 oz) sliced black olives, drained
salt and pepper to taste
lettuce leaves or packaged, ready-to-use lettuce mix
tortilla chips

Directions:
1) Preheat oven broiler.  Rinse chicken breast halves and pat dry.  In a small bowl, combine 1-2 T cayenne pepper, 1-2 T cumin and garlic salt.  Place chicken on a small broiling pan and sprinkle all sides with dry spice mixture.  Broil 4-6 minutes and turn over.  Broil another 4-6 minutes or until just done.  Do not overcook.  Broiling time depends greatly on the thickness of the chicken.  Remove from oven and let cool while preparing salad.
2)  Prepare couscous according to package directions.  For this recipe, I generally substitute canned chicken broth for the water and 1 T olive oil for the butter.  Set aside.
3)  In a large bowl, squeeze the juice of one lemon and add 3 T olive oil, 1 t. red wine vinegar and 1 t. cumin.  Whisk well to blend.  Add green onions, bell peppers, jalapeno (if using), cilantro, corn, beans and olives.  Stir well.  Add about half of the cooked couscous and mix well.  Reserve remaining couscous for another meal. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
4) Slice broiled chicken into 1/2 inch strips.  Arrange lettuce leaves or packaged salad mix on four plates.  Divide chicken strips and arrange around the edges of the plates.  Spoon salad into the center.  Serve by passing a large bowl of tortilla chips to scoop up the salad, if desired.

Submitter: 
CHEFETTE
Description: 
A tasty, colorful black bean and couscous salad served with spicy broiled chicken breast strips...one of my favorite dinners for a warm summer evening!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
