URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62035066/allies-delicious-oven-baked-ribs/
Title:
Allie's Delicious Oven Baked Ribs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 lbs pork ribs
salt and pepper
1 Tbs olive oil
1 cup ketchup
1 cup apple cider vinegar
to taste: dehydrated onion flakes, garlic powder, salt, pepper, cayenne, parsley, oregano, basil, thyme and sage
6 Tbs brown sugar (all more or less to taste)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425F.  Wash and dry ribs. Salt and pepper both sides and put on a cookie sheet fat side down.  Brown for 10-15 mins, turn the ribs over
and brown another 10 mins. Remove them from the oven and transfer to a shallow baking dish (big enough to place fat side up in 1 layer) Don't forget to spray the pan with Pam! **While browning the ribs, prepare the sauce.
In a small sauce pan, heat the olive oil (don't skip the oil)then add the ketchup and vinegar.  Once combined add all the spices and sugar.  I usually go lighter on the salt and pepper, but add quite a bit of the dyhydrated onion.  All others I usually use approx. 2 tsps of each.  It's hard to say since I don't measure.  Don't use fresh garlic or it'll burn in the oven.  Bring the sauce to a boil and turn down to a simmer for about 10 minutes. Taste and adjust seasonings to your liking.
Pour sauce evenly over the ribs and cover with foil. Turn the oven down to
350F and bake for 1 hour.  Remove from oven and baste the ribs and put back uncovered for 30 mins. or until nicely browned on top.  Let rest for 10 minutes before eating.  Delicious!!!!

Submitter: 
NYRED
Description: 
Very tender and delicious ribs.  Easy to prepare, but the praise will be amazing!!  My husband comes close to finishing all 3lbs of ribs by himself!! Adjust spices to whatever you like!!! The recipe is easy to increase, keep in mind the ketchup and vingar should always equal each other. Great for a crowd!!Enjoy!!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 mintes
Ready in:
2 hrs 40 m
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
