URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62034447/world-class-london-broil/
Title:
World Class London Broil Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1 1/2 to 2 lb. London Broil
8 tbsp. soy sauce
4 tbsp. olive oil
2 tbsp. ketchup
1 tbsp. sugar
1 tbsp. balsamic vinegar
1 tbsp. dijon mustard
1 tsp. kosher salt
1 - 2 minced garlic clove(s)
Dash coarsely ground pepper

Directions:
1.  Ideally, you should begin marinading this steak 48 hours ahead of serving time.  Twenty-four or even 12 hours will work, as well, if need be.
2.  Combine all of the ingredients in a medium bowl and stir well.  Score the 1 1/2 to 2 pound steak with a sharp knife with a cut about one-third through the steak thickness and about four inches long.  Place the steak in a large, zippered plastic freezer bag and pour the marinade into the bag.  Seal completely, making sure to remove all of the air from the bag.  Lay the bag on a cutting board and, using the balls of your thumbs, knead the steak gently while it is in the bag.  Make sure to knead all the way across the steak, without crushing it -- imagine you're lightly massaging a muscle.  Work the tougher portions (usually the ends) more than the softer areas, and work toward a steak that is consistently tender throughout.
3.  Place the bag flat in the refrigerator.  Turn once, about halfway through total marinating time.  When turning, knead the steak as per above and replace in refrigerator upside down.
4.  When ready to broil, remove steak from refrigerator about 60-90 minutes before broiling and allow to return to room temperature.  Preheat broiler, leaving oven door slightly ajar.  When oven is preheated, place the London Boil on a broiler grill and coat the top evenly with half of the leftover marinade.  Place under broiler, with top of the meat about 1 1/2 inches from the broiler element, still leaving the door ajar.
5.  Broil a 1 to 1 1/4-inch-thick steak about 6 to 7 minutes per side for medium-rare, which is the way this should be served.  Watch it carefully to ensure it does not overbrown!  When done with one side, remove from the oven, turn, and coat with remaining marinade.  Replace and finish broiling.  When done, place on cutting board and allow to rest for 7 - 10 minutes.  Cut against the grain and on the diagonal to serve.

Submitter: 
CHEFSINGLEDAD
Description: 
The marinade and the attention to detail -- the long marinade, massaging and turning the steak while it marinates, allowing it to return to room temp before broiling -- all make this the very best my friends and family have ever had.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 h
Ready in:
25 h
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
