URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62044731/malooba/
Title:
Malooba Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 whole chicken cut up
1 medium onion
3 bay leaves
3 cardamon seeds
1/2 tsp of ground cardamon
4 cloves
2 Tbl of allspice
5-6 cups of water
1 large head of cauliflower seperated
(may substitute 1 large eggplant for cauliflower or use both. Slice eggplant in rounds on the larger pieces cut in half.)
1 large potato cut in round slices
2 medium tomatoes diced
2 1/2 cups of basmati rice

Directions:
Soak the rice in water, when you are about to use the rice, drain, and add an additional 1 1/2 Tbls of allspice (generously)into the rice and mix well.
Boil chicken until cooked with all the spices and onion in large pot with 5-6 cups of water.
In the meantime, fry cauliflower, eggplant if used, and potatoes in oil.
In a seperate pot place fried potatoes on the bottom of the pan (this is done so that the rice will not stick to the bottom of the pot).
Add the cauliflower, tomatoes, and eggplant (if used) and sprinkle a handful of rice over the vegetables.
Remove chicken from broth, reserve broth, and place over the vegetables and add the rest of the rice.
Cover with the broth until the liquid is just above the rice (about half an inch above).  Boil on high heat until you begin to see the rice and liquid level off.  Cover and place on Low Medium for 1 hour.  It will cook just like rice.
When the dish is finished have a large round tray ready.  Uncover the pot and place the tray over the pot and flip the pot over onto the tray.  Keep the pot standing upside down for 5 minutes and then slowly remove the rice dish to let it fall onto the tray.
Serve with plain yogurt and a salad to mix with the rice dish.
This is very easy just has alot of work.  This is an authentic Arabic dish that is commonly made.

Submitter: 
IMANKAY
Description: 
This authentic tradional Arabic recipe consists of chicken, cauliflower,and potato.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 hr.
Ready in:
2 1/2 hrs.
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
