URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62041862/savoury-crepes/
Title:
Savoury Crepes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Crepes
1 cup plain flour
Pinch salt
1 egg
1 1/4 cup milk
Sauce
4 tablespoons butter or margarine
4 tablespoons flour
1 small onion diced
2 cups milk
1 cup grated cheese
1 teaspoon seeded mustard (optional)
salt and pepper to taste
250 grams diced ham
150 grams broccli in small pieces (optional)

Directions:
Crepes
Sift flour and salt into a bowl, make a well in the centre.  Add egg and stir in some flour from the sides.  Add milk a little at a time.  When half the milk has been added, all the flour should be wet.  Beat until smooth and add remainder of milk.  Stand 1 hour.
Note if the batter seems too thick after standing, add more milk.
Heat a crepe pan, or heavy based  7 "pan.  Wipe with a small amount of butter and pour about 2 tablespoons .  Rotate pan to evenly coat.  Heat gently for about a minute, then flip crepe over and cook other side for another minute.  Stack on a warm plate and repeat for remaining batter.
Sauce
Melt butter or margarine in a medim pan - do not brown.  Add onion and saute until clear.  Sprinkle over flour and cook one minute, stiring constantly.  Gradually add milk and stir until smooth, bring to boil.  Add cheese and mustard, salt and pepper.  Stir until sauce boils and thickens.
Divide sauce into 2 even portions - to one half add the ham and broccoli.  Fill crepes with a few spoonfuls of filling and roll up.  PLace in a greased casserole dish.  Pour remaining sauce over the top to cover.  Bake in a moderate oven 15 mins or until warmed through and browned.

Submitter: 
EMMA
Description: 
These crepes are ideal for a lunch or light supper - serve with a salad.  I have included a ham and cheese filling, but these can be filled with anything - creamy chicken and mushrooms, bolognaise sauce, chicken and corn, creamy seafood, spinach and cheese sauce etc etc.  Unfilled crepes may be frozen flat with plastic wrap in between.  These filled crepes may also be frozen.  All measurements are in Australian standard.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
