URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62048307/deep-fried-pork-tenderloin/
Title:
deep fried pork tenderloin Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 jar Creole Butter injectable marinade (or another injectable marinade of your choice)
1 whole Pork Tenderloin (large or small-cooks by the pound, so either one will work)
1-2 gallons of Canola Cooking Oil

Directions:
1. The night before you plan to fry the Pork inject it with the marinade.  Pour the remaining marinade over the tenderloin, cover, and refrigerate overnight.
2. Setup deep fryer outside, make sure you have the oil/meat thermometer.  Pour oil into fryer, estimate enough to cover the tenderloin, but not to close to the top (don't worry if you don't put enough you can always add more later).  Preheat the oil to 350 degrees.
3. Place the tenderloin in the basket and slowly lower it into the oil (careful not to boil over, if it starts rising ease it out and start over again- slowly.)  Keep the oil at a temperature between 325-350 degrees while frying.
4.   The tenderloin will cook for approximately 8-9 minutes per pound.  After approximate time has lapsed, take the thermometer out of the oil and stick it into the center of the tenderloin, the center should reach a temperature of 160 degrees.  The outside of the tenderloin will look dark, almost chard.  Don't give it a thought- it will be the most delicious, juicy pork you have ever eaten!  ENJOY!

Submitter: 
Tracie
Description: 
This fantastic spin on Pork is to be deep fried OUTDOORS ONLY.  We learned of this recipe from some friends.  I will never eat Pork any other way!!  Using a turkey deep fryer with the optional 2 gallon (fish frying) basket that you can buy with your turkey fryer or separately.  It is a great investment!  You can use it to fry vegetables, shrimp, fish, pork and much more.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
20-45 min
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
