URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62046324/spaghetti-with-meatballs/
Title:
Spaghetti with Meatballs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
7 cloves garlic, minced
1 Tbls olive oil
1 (28-ounce) can peeled tomatoes, crushed by hand
1 (28-ounce) can plum tomatoes, crushed by hand
1 (6 ounce) tomato paste
Salt and Pepper to taste
1-2 tsp Italian Herbs
1/4 lb sweet Italian Sausage
1/2 lb ground lean beef
1/4 lb ground pork
1/4 lb ground veal
1 egg
1/2 cup freshly grated Pecorino Ramano cheese
1 Tbls Italian parsley, chopped
1/2 tsp garlic, minced
1 tsp shallots, minced
1 cup white breadcrumbs, made from stale or toasted bread
1/2 cup water
1 lb spaghetti, cooked al dente
Fresh basil, chopped, for garnish
Fresh parmesan or romano, grated, for garnish

Directions:
To make sauce, saute garlic in olive oil until just brown.  Add both cans of tomatoes with liquid and let simmer for 10 minutes.  Season with salt and pepper and Italian Herbs.  Continue to simmer while making meatballs.  Note:  The sauce can be made ahead and simmer in a slow cooker for 2-4 hours.
To make meatballs, remove casing from sausage.  Combine sausage, ground beef, pork, veal, egg, cheese, parsley and shallots.  Add bread crumbs and mix until fully incorporated. Add in water until mixture is moist and holds together.  Form into desired sized balls.
Heat oven to 425 degrees.  On a baking sheet lined with parchment paper, place meatballs and bake for 25 minutes, until lightly brown and cooked through.  Remove and drain on paper towels.
Place meatballs in sauce and continue to simmer for 20 minutes.  Serve sauce and meatballs on top of pasta, garnish with fresh basil and cheese.

Submitter: 
Magique
Description: 
A wonderfully delicious made-from-scratch pasta with meatballs.    Don't skimp on the ingredients and be prepared to have your family and friends ask for it again.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
