URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62041663/della-robia-wreathe/
Title:
Della Robia Wreathe Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/3 cup sugar
4 teaspoons cornstarch
1/4 teaspoon
1/4 cup orange juice
1 cup pineapple juice
2 tablespoons lemon juice
16 ounces cream cheese
2 beaten eggs
1 large can each of:
peach halves, pear halves, apricot halves.
1/2 lb Red Grapes
1/2 lb Green Grapes
One jar of Marachino Cherries
2 egg whites
1 cup ultrafine sugar
1 head of curly leaf lettuce or watercress

Directions:
Prepare the frosted grapes 2 hrs earlier:
Wash and dry grapes, cut in litle clusters from the main stem.
dip each cluster into egg whites
sprinkle them with sugar and place them on a rack with paper beneath to catch drips.  Grapes will take 2 hours to dry thoroughly.
Prepare the canned fruit by draining off liquid and let stand til dry on paper towels.  (This would be a good time to let the cream cheese soften.)
Prepare the pineapple dressing  by combining 1/3 cup sagar, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 4 teaspoons of cornstarch.
Place these in a small saucepan.
Gradually blend in the pineapple orange and lemon juice.  Cook and stir over medium heat til bubbly.
Blend half of that mixture into two beaten eggs.  Return that mixture to the remainder in the saucepan and cook on low for 1-2 minutes more.
Remove from heat, then gradually stir the hot mixture into 6 ounces of softened cream cheese.
Chill and serve when ready.
To prepare the Della Robia Wreathe
Using a large round platter, arrange the leafs to overlap one by one forming a wreathe. Using a decorator star tip,
take 1/2 piece of fruit, place a cherry in the pit area, and pipe cream cheese around the edge of the fruit, complete piece with matching half.  Arrange in three clusters on the wreathe, do peaches pears and apricots the same.
Place frosted grapes in alternating three areas of the wreathe.
Place asmall bowl in the center of the wreathe and fill it with the pineapple dressing.  Serve.

Submitter: 
Carole Anne Stanton Hochstetle
Description: 
Almost too beautiful to eat, yet ten minutes after its served, its all gone!
Made of fruit with a delicious pineapple cream cheese dressing placed in the center. Frosted Grapes finish this well. This is not for wimps.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
