URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62049059/white-chocolate-white-cake/
Title:
White Chocolate White Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 cups sifted cake flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
8 tablespoons white vegetable shortening
1 pkg white chocolate instant pudding
1-1/4 cups white sugar
1-1/4 cups whole milk at room temp.
2 tablespoons clear vanilla extract
6 egg whites at room temp.

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.  Spray two 9" cake pans with Bakers Joy, or grease and flour and line with parchment paper.
Sift the flour and baking powder.  Set aside.
Cream the butter and sugar till fluffy.  Mix in the pudding till smooth. (Note, this will be thick).  With the mixer on low alternate the flour mixthre with the milk.  Beat till smooth after each addition.  Set aside.
In a clean stainless steel bowl free of any grease or oil whip the egg whites till stiff, but not dry, peaks form.
Fold in half of the egg whites into the reserved batter to lighten, then fold in the res of the egg whites.  The mixture should not have any streaks of white, but also be careful not to over fold as you will deflate the cake.
Carefulle pour into prepared and smooth tops with a spatula.
Bake for 25-35 min, or until the tops for the cakes are lightly golden, the tops springs back when touched and a tooth pick inserted into the cake has moist clinging crumbs, not soggy gummy crumbs.
Allow the cakes to cool in the pans for 20 min, then remove to wire racks till room temp.
Frost or serve with fresh fruit and whipped cream.

Submitter: 
GothicGirl
Description: 
I have had trouble finding a scratch white cake that meets my standards as a caterer.  Most of the recipes I found made a cake that was more like cornbread.  This recipe is a variation on a recipe that had good texture but was lacking in the clavor department.  I hope you have the same success with it that I have had!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
55 min
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
