URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62049700/chicken-asparagus-parmigiana/
Title:
Chicken & Asparagus Parmigiana Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 large	red peppers
2 boned and skinned chicken breast halves
1/2 lb asparagus spears, tough ends snapped off and spears rinsed in water
1/2 cup Japanese panko bread crumbs (or regular seasoned bread crumbs)
1 Tbsp dried parsley
1 egg, beaten
4 Tbsp olive oil
1/4 lb provolone cheese,sliced

Directions:
Preheat oven to broil.  Cut peppers in half and seed and devein.  Place on broiler rack and broil until charred, approximately 10 minutes each side.  Put roasted red peppers halves into a large ziplock bag and let steam for about 5 minutes.  Remove peppers, and when they've cooled a bit, peel off skin.  Cut into small pieces and process in food processor until smooth.  (Recipe can be made several days ahead up to this point - store sauce in fridge.)  Smooth sauce into bottom of a small rectangular baking dish and set aside.
Turn oven temperature down to 350°F.
Mix bread crumbs and parsley together on large plate.  Pound chicken breast halves to about 1/4 - 1/2" thick.  Cut each breast in half, and dip each piece into beaten egg.  Let excess egg drip off, then dredge in bread crumb mixture.  Heat olive oil in nonstick skillet and saute chicken for about 4 minutes each side until browned.  Arrange chicken in roasted red pepper sauce in baking dish.  Loosely cover with foil and bake in 350°F oven for about 25-30 minutes.
Meanwhile, steam asparagus for about 4 minutes and set aside.
Remove foil from baking dish, and arrange asparagus spears evenly over chicken pieces.  Lay sliced provolone cheese over asparagus, and return baking dish to oven for another 10-15 minutes until cheese is melted and bubbly.  Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
LINDA W.
Description: 
A different take on ordinary chicken parmigiana.  The roasted red pepper sauce can be made ahead, cutting down on your prep time.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15-20 min.
Ready in:
1-1/4 hrs
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
