URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62048232/chicken-with-lemon/
Title:
Chicken with lemon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 six-ounce boneless, skinless chicken breasts
Salt
1 cup of flour
1/4 cup of olive oil
1/4 cup of white wine
4 large lemons
1/2 stick of unsalted butter softened
Small handful of drained capers

Directions:
Cut three lemons in half and use for fresh lemon juice. Pour the juice through a fine strainer.
Cut the last lemon into wedges for garnish.
Begin to heat the olive oil in a 12 inch sauté pan on med-high.
While oil is getting hot, lightly season both sides of the chicken breast with salt.
Lightly dust the chicken breast in the flour. Shake off excess flour.
Place chicken in the sauté pan skin side down.
When the chicken is golden brown, turn over and brown the other side as well. It is important to brown both sides to insure the chicken is completely cooked through.
When both sides are nice and brown, add white wine and lemon juice.
Continue to cook for approximately two to three minutes. The liquid should
reduce approximately half.
Once the liquid is reduced, remove the chicken breasts from the pan and turn
off heat.
Check to make sure the chicken breasts are cooked by turning each piece of
chicken over and cutting it halfway through with a knife. There should be
no visible pink. If the chicken is not completely cooked through, place in
a 400 degree oven for five minutes to complete cooking.
Finish the sauce by placing the softened butter in the pan. Using rubber
spatula, work the butter into the sauce as it melts.
Pour sauce directly on top of chicken breasts. Garnish with capers and lemon wedges

Submitter: 
ALISSASMOM
Description: 
A wonderful dish, similar to that of a nation-wide italian, family style restraunt.  A bit of work makes for an awesome dish.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
