URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62049699/keep-the-vampires-away-pasta-chicken/
Title:
"Keep the Vampires Away" Pasta & Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 medium-sized garlic bulbs
2 Tbsp olive oil, divided
salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste
1 cup half and half
3/4 lb bowtie pasta
1 whole boned and skinned chicken breast, thinly sliced
2 cups frozen mixed vegetables, or use an assortment of fresh broccoli flowerets, red pepper strips and sliced onions
1 tsp cornstarch, if needed
2 Tbsp chopped fresh parsley
1/4 cup	freshly grated parmesan cheese

Directions:
Preheat oven or toaster oven to 350-375°F.  Cut the top 1/4-1/2" off the garlic bulbs and place on two pieces of 12" squares of foil.  Mix together 1 Tbsp. of olive oil and salt and pepper to taste.  Drizzle 1-1/2 tsp. of oil and seasoning over top of *each* garlic bulb.  Wrap bulbs tightly in foil and roast in oven for at least 1 hour, or until garlic cloves are tender.  Remove from oven, open foil packets, and let cool until you can handle.  Squish roasted garlic into a food processor and process until pureed.  Slowly add half-and-half until well incorporated; set aside.
Heat large pot of water until boiling; add pasta and cook according to package direction to al dente; drain and put back into pot.  Set aside.
Meanwhile, heat remaining Tbsp. of olive oil in nonstick skillet.  Salt and pepper the chicken slices and add to skillet, adding frozen mixed veggies right along.  Cook over medium-high heat, stirring frequently, until chicken is done.  Add to drained pasta in pot.
Meanwhile, heat garlic cream in a small saucepan over medium-low heat; if sauce is too thin, add a bit of cornstarch, whisking to blend and thicken for about 3-5 minutes.  Add chopped parsley and stir well to blend.  Pour sauce over chicken, vegetables, and pasta.  Spoon into serving bowls and sprinkle with freshly grated parmesan cheese.

Submitter: 
LINDA W.
Description: 
You'd really better LOVE garlic to eat this dish!  The sweet, roasted garlicky flavor and the parmesan cheese are a good contrast.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1-1/4 hrs
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
