URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62045698/to-die-for-fat-free-cheesecake-chiffon/
Title:
To-Die-For Fat-Free Cheesecake Chiffon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8 oz (1 cup) fat free cottage cheese
8 oz pkg fat free cream cheese, room temp
1/3 to 1/2 cup sugar
1/3 cup boiling water
1 envelope Knox unflavored gelatin
2 tsp vanilla
1 tsp almond extract
one 8 oz container frozen fat-free cool whip, thawed
1 can cherry pie filling
graham crackers, or even better, reduced fat Chips Ahoy chocolate chip cookies

Directions:
In a blender, place first the cottage cheese, extracts, and sugar. Add the gelatin which has been thoroughly dissolved in 1/3 cup boiling water.  Break the cream cheese brick into a few pieces and toss on top.  Blend on med-hi speed for 2 minutes until completely smooth.  Pour into large mixing bowl.  Scrape sides well with scraper to get all mixture into the bowl.  Add the Cool Whip and whisk with a wire whisk until smooth.  Pour into a large, deep round Pam-sprayed casserole dish or deep cheesecake form (a pie pan will be too small).  Chill in the fridge for an hour or so until somewhat set.  Top with the can of cherry pie filling and spread to cover top.  I would suggest letting the topped cheesecake set in the fridge overnight, or at least for several hours.  Just before serving, take your grahams or cookies (best) and crush finely.  Place generous helping of crumbs on the bottom of dessert dish.  Slice the cheese chiffon cake and place on top of crumbs.  It will be firm enough to hold it's form.  Prepare to be blown away!!!!  Bon appetit!

Submitter: 
TOCOYOTE
Description: 
This easy, no-bake cheesecake chiffon is absolutely so delish you won't believe it is fat free!  It will satisfy even the biggest cheesecake craving!  One bite and you will be a believer!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
15 m
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
