URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62040438/moroccan-lamb-with-shiraz-honey-sauce-caramelized-carrots-and-rosemary-mashed-red-potatoes/
Title:
Moroccan Lamb with Shiraz-honey sauce, caramelized carrots, and rosemary mashed red potatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Moroccan Lamb and sauce:
1 rack of lamb, frenched
2-3 tablespoons ras el hanout
sea salt
1 cup Shiraz wine
1/3 cup honey
drippings from lamb
Caramelized Carrots:
4 medium carrots, peeled, ends removed and cut into 2” long pieces and quartered
1/4 cup butter
1/4 cup honey
mashed potatoes:
3 large red potatoes, peeled and cut into eighths
2 teaspoons whole, dried rosemary or 1 teaspoon fresh
3 tablespoons unsalted butter
3-4 tablespoons heavy whipping cream
sea salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
For the lamb:
Let the lamb rest, lightly covered with plastic wrap, on the counter for 1 hour.  Preheat oven to 400°.  Season to taste with sea salt.  If whole, grind the ras el hanout with a mortar and pestle or in a coffee grinder.  Rub the spice mixture on the lamb being sure to thoroughly coat both back and front, patting into the lamb as you go.  Heat a cast iron skillet or other oven-safe pan to medium-high.  Sear the lamb on all sides until browned, about 10 minutes total.  Place lamb in skillet into oven and roast until medium-rare, about 20-25 minutes, or until desired doneness.  Remove lamb from oven and place on cutting board to rest 10-15 minutes.
Meanwhile, heat the pan over medium heat.  Add wine and honey and bring to a boil.  Continue boiling until reduced by half.  Remove from heat.
Slice lamb between each rib giving each person 3-4 ribs each.  Drizzle sauce over each piece and serve while hot.
For the carrots:
In small saucepan, heat butter over medium heat until melted.  Add carrots and cook for 2-3 minutes.  Add honey and continue cooking until carrots are tender, about 15-20 minutes.  If carrots begin to burn, reduce heat to a simmer and continue cooking until tender.
For the potatoes:
Fill a saucepan with cold water and place cut-up potatoes in pan.  Heat over high heat until potatoes begin to boil.  Add rosemary and continue cooking until potatoes are fork-tender, about 15 minutes.  Drain potatoes and rosemary making sure rosemary does not drain out.  In a medium mixing bowl, whip potatoes and rosemary until broken up.  Add butter and whipping cream and continue whipping until fluffy.  Add salt and pepper to taste.
Serving Idea:
Spoon half of the potatoes on plate.  Using half the carrots, spoon onto plate in three sections (as in the 12, 4, and 8 on a clock).  In between carrot sections, place one lamb rib for a total of three (2, 6, and 10 on a clock).  Drizzle lamb ribs with shiraz-honey sauce and serve.  Serve with remaining shiraz wine.

Submitter: 
PolyTheWicked
Description: 
A delicions Moroccan-inspired rack of lamb served with a sweet sauce, carrots, and mashed potatoes.  I created this for my anniversary and it was divine.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
