URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62049676/rice-with-seafood/
Title:
Rice with seafood Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 cups very strong chicken broth or seafood broth
1/2 teaspoon saffron
1 small onion, peeled
1/2 Cup olive oil
1 medium onion, chopped
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 lb. of medium shrimp
3 cups short-grain rice (arborio rice)
5 T. chopped parsley
2 bay leaves, crumbled
1/2 cup dry white wine
1 T. lemon juice
1/4 pd fresh or frozen peas
18 clams, smallest available, at room
temperature.
18 small mussels in shell, scrubbed well.
18 oysters in shell,scrubbed well
Lemon wedges for garnish
Chopped parsley for garnish

Directions:
1.  Heat the broth with the saffron and the whole onion. Cover and simmer 15 minutes. Remove the onion and discard you should yield 5 1/2 cups of broth.
2.  In a large shallow pan such as a paella pan heat the oil Add the chopped onion and garlic and saute until the
onion is wilted. Add the shrimp and clams until it barely turns pink.
3.  Remove the shrimp and clams and place in a plate.  Add the rice the the pan and stir well.  Sprinkle
in the chopped parsley and the crumbled bay leaves.
4.  Stir in the broth, boiling hot, the wine,lemon juice, and peas. Salt to taste.  Bring to a boil and cook uncovered over medium-high heat about 7 minutes. Stir occasionally or until the rice is no longer soupy but some liquid remains. Bury the shrimp and clams in the rice.
5.  Push the oysters and mussles into the rice with the edge that opens facing up.  bake at 325F, uncovered, for 20 minutes.
6.  The oysters and mussels that do not open, discard.  Remove from the oven and let stand for 10 min. lightly covered with foil.

Submitter: 
IMANKAY
Description: 
Arroz con marisco (rice with seafood) is a traditional south american dish.  I was given this recipe from my friend's mother.  It is very expensive but worth every red penny.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 hr.
Ready in:
2 hrs.
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
