URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62057143/bechamel-chicken-pasta/
Title:
Bechamel Chicken Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb penne pasta
2 whole chicken breasts
1 can italian seasoning stlye tomatoe paste
2 C mozzarella cheese
2 T olive oil
1 small onion
1 green bellpepper
1/2 C frozen peas
1 bunch cilantro
3-4 sprigs of fresh dill
3 cloves garlic
salt and pepper to taste
for bechamel:
5 T butter
5 T flour
3 C milk
1 chicken broth cube
pepper to taste

Directions:
Preparation: dice onions and green bellpepper. chop cilantro and dill. remove rib meat from chicken breasts and cut into cubes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees
Bring salted water to a rapid boil. Add pasta and cook till al dente (slightly firm). Drain and set aside while fixing remainder of dish
meanwhile cook onions and green bellpeppers in some olive oil till almost tender, add garlic and cook till fragrant.  Add chicken and cook till almost all pink is gone.  Add cilantro, dill, frozen peas, tomato paste adding water as necessary to make a sauce. Cook till sauce has thickened, peas are cooked, and chicken no longer pink. Add salt and pepper to taste.
Prepare bechamel in pot you used to boil pasta. melt butter with chicken broth cube. When buttr is foamy and cube fully dissolved add flour stirring constanly until flour fully incorporated, but do not let brown.  Add milk stirring constantly. Add pepper and cook over med heat till thick. ie coating back of a spoon.
I usually make double this amount of bechamel and save extra for later use. I use about 3/4 of the double amount.
To assemble pasta:(Use a deep rectangular baking dish) mix half bechamel with pasta. Put half of the pasta in the baking dish. On top of that put half of the "chicken sauce" and top with half of the mozzarella cheese.  Then layer remaining pasta, chicken sauce, bechamel and mozzarella cheese. put in oven and bake till nice an bubbly, about 30-35 mins.  ENJOY!

Submitter: 
Maryam
Description: 
This is a twist on a classic middle eastern bechamel pasta. It consists of chicken breast, penne pasta, vegetables and herbs. Topped with a luscious bechamel and mozzarella cheese. Baked until nice and bubbly.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 mins
Ready in:
60 mins
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
