URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62057557/scotts-bread-pudding-with-fruit-sauce/
Title:
Scott's Bread Pudding with Fruit Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For Pudding:
2 eggs
2 cups milk
1/2 tsp vanilla extract
1/2 tsp ground cinnamon
1 cup sugar
1/4 tsp salt
5 Tbls melted butted
13 slices bread
1/4 cup raisins
For Sauce:
3/4 cup sugar
1/3 cup fruit juice (lemon, orange, or pineapple)
1/4 cup clear rum (optional)
1 egg
3 Tbls butter

Directions:
For Pudding:
1) Preheat oven to 400 F.  Butter a 6 or 8-inch round casserole.  Sprinkle inside of buttered casserole with sugar.
2)  Cut bread into one-inch cubes and allow to harden or toast in oven for 5-10 minutes.
3)  Heat milk over medium heat.  Add vanilla, sugar, and cinnamon.  Bring mixture to slight simmer while stirring, but do not allow it to boil.
4)  Scramble eggs in a separate small bowl.  Add salt.  Temper the eggs with the milk mixture while stirring.  After eggs are warm, add eggs to milk mixture and stir.
5)  Reserve approximately one cup bread cubes and crumble into semi-fine crumbs.  Alternate layers of bread cubes and raisins.  Sprinkle top with finely crumbled bread crumbs.  Pour milk mixture over bread.  Drizzle top with melted butter.
6)  Place casserole in a larger baking pan and prepare a hot water bath bringing hot water at least up to half the height of the contents of the casserole.
7)  Bake uncovered in water bath at 400  for 45 to 55 minutes until top is golden brown and no liquid is visible.  If bread pudding begins to brown too much, cover with lid or foil until done.
8)  Remove casserole from water bath and allow to set-up for at least 10 minutes before serving
For Sauce:
1)  Scramble egg in a small bowl
2)  Mix  sugar, juice, butter, and rum in a small sauce pot stirring constantly over medium heat.
3)  Add egg to juice mixture while stirring continuously until thickened
4)  Strain sauce through a medium-mesh strainer
5)  Pour sauce over each serving of bread pudding

Submitter: 
Scottley
Description: 
Easy and delicious recipe.  Ingridients are usually on-hand.  This dessert always gets raves from friends and family.  Very comforting.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
70 m
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
