URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62057808/low-carb-spaghetti-with-mushroom-marianra/
Title:
Low-Carb "Spaghetti" with Mushroom Marianra Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 spaghetti squash
2 tsp olive oil
1 onion, chopped
8 oz sliced mushrooms
Sprinkle of garlic salt
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 28 oz can crushed tomatoes
1 small can tomato paste
1 tsp dried basil
1 tsp dried oregano
Fresh grated parmesan cheese

Directions:
Pierce spaghetti squash and microwave in a large bowl approximately 5 minutes per pound, turning every few minutes.  The squash will give off quite a bit of liquid and you may have to drain it as you are cooking the squash.
While the squash is cooking, saute the onion in the olive oil for 3 minutes.  Add the mushrooms and a sprinkle of garlic salt and saute till the onions and mushrooms are tender.  Add garlic and saute 1 minute more, then add the crushed tomatoes, tomato paste and seasonings.  Simmer covered for 45 minutes.
When the squash is cooked let it cool a bit, then cut it in half, carefully scoop out the seeds with a spoon and discard.  Take a fork and run it through to remove the squash and place it directly into a strainer.  Excess liquid will continue to drain off.  If you reheat the squash before serving, drain once more.
When the marinara is finished, put spaghetti squash portions into pasta bowls, top with a generous portion of  marinara and freshly grated cheese.

Submitter: 
Peach822
Description: 
This is a great low-carb dish for those who choose not to eat regular pasta.  The flavor of the squash is very subtle and with the addition of the marinara and fresh cheese, barely detectable.  To make it a super quick meal, plan ahead and make the marinara the night before.  The flavors are even better this way, and don't be afraid to substitue a can of sliced mushrooms.  It will still be tasty!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
