URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62051750/don-benias-cheesecake/
Title:
Don & Benia’s Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/292925.jpg
Ingredients:
Ingredients:
4 - 8oz packages fresh cream cheese
1 1/4 cups granulated sugar
2 tbsps real vanilla extract
4 large eggs
1 cup sour cream
(optional)2 shots of Amaretto DiSaronno (our favorite brand)
Crust:
1 1/2 cups (~ 1 bag) finely crushed cinnamon graham crackers
8 tbsps (1 stick) butter
Topping:
1 - 16oz can cherry pie filling (or other fruit or topping)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
In a small saucepan, melt the butter slowly over very low heat.  Meanwhile, finely crush your graham crackers.  We found a re-sealable plastic sandwich bag and a rolling pin (or round bottle used as a rolling pin) work well. Crush a few crackers at a time in the bag and empty into a measuring cup.
In a large bowl, blend 1 package of cream cheese, sugar, vanilla, 1 egg, and sour cream.  (Use a mixer for best results.)
Continue adding remaining packages of cream cheese and eggs, one at a time, as the mixture is blended.  If desired, add amaretto to mixture.  Blend until all ingredients are smooth.
In a separate bowl, combine the completely melted butter and finely crushed graham crackers.  Mix with a fork until evenly distributed.
Lightly grease 9" springform pan.
Pack crust mixture evenly into the bottom of the pan.  The round bottom of a large spoon or ladle works well for smoothing.
Pour cheesecake batter into the pan over the crust.
Place springform pan in oven on a cookie sheet or other shallow pan.  Carefully fill the cookie sheet with about 1" of water.  Bake for 1.5 hours.
Remove very carefully from oven.  Hot cheesecake is still "jiggly".
Let cool for about an hour or more before removing springform.  Top with cherry pie filling or other desired topping.  Refrigerate in a covered container and serve cool.

Submitter: 
XSarenkaX
Description: 
This is the cheesecake to go off your diet with!  It is very rich and creamy and has been a big hit with everyone who's tasted it.  We even made a few for Christmas presents last year.

Our original version uses cherries for the topping, but we've enjoyed blueberries, strawberries, and chocolate toppings as well.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
