URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62055309/the-ultimate-taco-lasagna/
Title:
the ultimate taco lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2lbs.cooked,shredded beef roast(I cook up several roasts at a time,whatever kind is on sale,shred,freeze and thaw for quick use.Can substitute cooked ground beef,shredded preferable)
1 large onion,1 t. minced garlic,1rounded T.chili powder,28 oz. can tomato sauce,dash of sugar,3/4 t. salt,6 oz.can sliced black olives,4 oz. can diced green chilis,12 tostada shells,broken in pieces,1 lb. large curd cottage cheese,1 egg,1-2 lbs.shredded cheddar-jack cheese.
optional garnish:4 C.shredded iceburg lettuce,1 bag tostada chips,1 fresh pineapple.

Directions:
Saute chopped onion in 1 T. oil in skillet until clear. Add cooked shredded beef, garlic,chili powder,tomato sauce,sugar to taste,salt,olives and green chilis.Mix and heat through, about ten min.Wisk egg with fork and mix well with cottage cheese,set aside.Spread1/3 of meat mixture in bottom of 9 by 13 inch pan.Layer with 1/3 of shredded cheese then 1/2 of cottage cheese mixture,then1/2 tostada pieces.Repeat layers ending with sauce then shredded cheese for final layer.Bake in preheated 350 degree oven for 30 min. or until cheese is perfectly melted.(may be assembled the day before and refriderated but will need to be brought to almost room temp. before baking and may need additional cooking time.) Serve with salad,sides of guacamole,sour cream,fresh salsa and sliced black olives.Serve each piece on a bed of shredded lettuce. Top with broken tostada chips and garnish with a slice of fresh pineapple.Enjoy!

Submitter: 
LINDA
Description: 
My family uses my recipe for this yummy and company- worthy taco dish as the standard for taco lasagna.It is different than any other weve had.We even served this at our sons rehersal dinner and there was a parade of praise!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min.
Ready in:
60 min.
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
