URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62058172/black-trumpet-encrusted-grouper-with-tomato-gastrique-and-pesto-grilled-focaccia-bread/
Title:
Black trumpet encrusted grouper with tomato gastrique and pesto grilled focaccia bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 fileted and deboned 8 oz. grouper
butter
olive oil
1 lemon
TRUMPET CRUST:
2 cups dried black trumpet mushrooms
1 cup dried bread crumbs
PESTO OIL:
1 bunch parsley
7 baby spinach leaves
1/3 cup pine nuts
3.5 cups olive oil
1 Tbs salt
1 Tbs pepper
TOMATO GASTRIQUE
10 roma or 3 large red tomatoes medium diced
20 red seedless grapes
1 or 2 jalepenos finely diced
3 cups of honey
1 tsp boiled then finely diced ginger
salt and pepper

Directions:
TRUMPET CRUST:
-Spread the mushrooms on a small sheet tray with parchment paper.  In a 450 degree oven, heat the mushrooms until you see the slightest amount of smoke.
-In a food processor, grind the mushrooms and bread crumbs to very small pieces but not finely.
PESTO OIL:
-In a blender, add the pine nuts, salt, pepper, and 1/2 cup of oil and puree to make a paste.
-Pour a cup of olive oil and puree well.
-Add the parsley and spinach and puree until the parsley and spinach are fine.
-Add the rest of the oil and puree for about 2 minutes.
TOMATO GASTRIQUE:
-In a small pot, heavy boil the honey for about 2 minutes.
-In another pot or pan boil  peeled whole ginger root until the ginger is soft.  Either dice or food process the ginger.
-Add the tomatoes and cook until the mixture is easily stirred with a spoon.
-Mix the rest of the ingredients in and on medium heat, reduce the sauce for about 5 minutes.  Serve the sauce warm or cold.
COOKING THE DISH:
-Generously oil the filets, season the fish, and firmly press the trumpet crust on the skin side of the filet so that the whole side is completely covered.
-In a hot skillet with a generous amount of butter, cook the crusted side first and cover skillet for about 3-5 minutes.  Uncover and flip the filets and cook the other side, covered, for about 2-3 minutes.
-While the grouper is cooking, spread the pesto oil on both sides of a slice of foccacia bread.  You can grill it or you can toast both sides of the bread in a sautee pan.
PLATING THE DISH:
-Scoop about 4-5 Tbs of the gastrique on a plate and spread the sauce enought to have the toast cover it.
-Put a slice of the toast on top of the sauce.
-Place the grouper crust-side up on top of the toast.
-Squeeze a little bit of lemon juice on the fish.
-Add decorations.  I like to use grape tomatoes, grapes, and cilantro.

Submitter: 
CHEFSKY
Description: 
This dish is awesome.  You can expand on the number of servings.  The dish is three part recipe.  NOTE: I use restaurant equipment, so time could be a little longer.  I hope you enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
50 min
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
