URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62053210/honey-mustard-chicken-wraps/
Title:
Honey Mustard Chicken Wraps Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8 10” whole wheat tortillas
2-4 Tbsp canola oil (optional: see “assembly”)
FILLING
1 full boneless, skinless chicken breast, chopped into ½” pieces
¾ C brown rice
1 ½ C reduced-sodium chicken broth
1 (8 oz) pkg. cream cheese or 1/3 less fat Neufchâtel cheese, room-temperature
1 Tbsp dried minced onion
2-4 tomatoes, chopped, room-temperature
2 tsp dried parsley
SAUCE
1/2 C honey
1/2 C spicy brown mustard
2 Tbsp dry white wine or chicken broth
1 tsp dill

Directions:
Filling:
In a medium sauce pan, cook chicken until done; set aside in separate dish.   Put 1½ C chicken broth, onion, and parsley into sauce pan.  Bring to a boil; add rice.  Turn heat down, cover; simmer 30-45 min. or until rice is tender, stirring rarely.  When rice is tender, remove from heat and stir in chicken, cream cheese and tomatoes.  Cover, let rest 5 minutes while sauce is made.  Stir again just before assembling wraps.
Sauce:
In a small saucepan, mix honey, mustard, wine, and dill.  Cook on medium heat until hot and bubbling, stirring frequently.  Continue to cook, stirring constantly, for 2 minutes; remove from heat.  Sauce will smell acrid during cooking.
Note: may be made up to this point and refrigerated up to three days.  Simply reheat over low heat or in microwave (cover with damp paper towel) before assembly.
Assembly:
Heat tortillas in microwave until warm.  Spoon 1/8 of mixture (approx ¾ C) into each tortilla, making a pile approx. 2” by 8”; drizzle with a generous 2 Tbsp of sauce.  Fold bottom up and roll.
Alternately:
Fry tortillas one at a time in 1 T oil, replenishing oil as needed.  Fill with 1/8 of chicken mixture, roll, place on dinner plate and drizzle with 1/8 of sauce.

Submitter: 
Nonei
Description: 
I have made this recipe several times, always to great reviews.  Created from a mix of different recipes, it has a slightly unusual but good taste.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
45-60 min
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
