URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62059914/mexican-style-meatballs/
Title:
Mexican Style Meatballs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 lbs ground beef
1 1/2 lbs ground pork
2 large eggs
1 1/2 cups plain, dry bread crumbs
1 teaspoon black pepper
2 teaspoons salt
6 small cloves garlic, minced fine
2 28oz cans chopped tomatoes, don't drain
3 chipotle chiles in adobo sauce
4 teaspoons oil
2 small onions, minced
2 teaspoons ground cumin
2 cups chicken broth
1/2 cup cilantro, chopped (for garnish, opptional)

Directions:
In a large bowl mix beef, pork, eggs, bread crumbs, pepper, 2 teaspoons of the salt, 1/3 of the minced garlic and 1/2 cup water.  Mix gently with your hands until combined.  Shape into 3/4 inch meatballs and place on a waxed paper lined baking sheet.  Set aside.
To a blender jar add the tomatoes with their juices and the chopped chipotle chiles.  Blend for 25-30 seconds.  Set aside.
In a large Dutch oven heat the oil and saute the onion until tender.  Stir in the cumin and the remaining garlic; saute for 30 seconds to bring out the aromas.  Stir in the tomato mixture, chicken broth and remaining salt.  Bring to a boil and let simmer while browning the meatballs.
In a large skillet heat a minimal amount of oil (brush on oil with a pastry brush) to medium high heat.  Saute' meatballs until nicely browned.  Don't crowd, do in batches if necessary.  When meatballs are browned, add them to the sauce in the Dutch oven.  Let them simmer for about a half an hour.  Longer will not hurt them.
If serving for a crowd, present them in a chaffing dish and garnish with the cilantro (opptional).
This recipe can easily be increased or decreased without a problem.
Buen Provecho!

Submitter: 
BAJATHECAT
Description: 
Yummy miny-meatballs in a medium spiced sauce.  I have been serving these for years at various events and never take left-overs home.  They are easy to prepare and freeze well for pre-planning.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1/2 h
Ready in:
1 h 15
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
