URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62057949/quesadillas---stuffed-tortillas/
Title:
Quesadillas - Stuffed Tortillas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pack of corn tortillas
1 large peeled & cooked potato (boiled with one smashed garlic clove & salt added to water)
2 red snapper fillets
2 tbs cilantro leaves cleaned & finely chopped (stems removed)
2 garlic cloves FINELY chopped
1/2 red onion finely chopped
salt
fresh black pepper
oil for frying

Directions:
Season your fillets with salt, pepper and finely chopped garlic to taste. Preferably marinade it in the fridge overnight, but not necessary.
Fry fillets in oil (or grill, or pan sear whatever you prefer, you might want to use a non stick pan)until lightly browned. Drain oil from fish on a paper towel.
Mash fish fillets into small chunks in bowl. Mix in chopped cilantro and chopped onions. Cut or mash potato into small chunks and add to fish mixture. Taste to make sure that salt and pepper is to your liking. Set aside.
Heat a dry pan/skillet over medium high flame. And heat another pan filled with oil over medium heat at the same time.
Unheated tortillas when removed from the bag are rather unflexible. Try to bend one so you can see, if you're not familar with tortillas, it will crack and crumble in your hand.  So we add the tortilla to a hot skillet to warm it and soften it so we can bend it.
If the skillet is hot enough you can turn the tortilla over after about 20 seconds and then remove from heat in about another 10 seconds. As you touch it you'll see the tortilla becomes soft.  When it becomes kind of "floppy" take it off the heat but don't leave it on the heat for too long otherwise it'll get hard and crunchy and you will not be able to fold it over.
When the tortilla is heated place about 2 tsp of fish mixture on tortillas and fold in half. Place filled tortilla in hot oil, you may want to place a heavy cooking spoon on it for a couple of seconds when placing it in the oil just so it can take shape and remained closed or even seal it closed with a toothpick.
Fry on both sides until golden or lightly browned and place on paper towel to drain oil. Repeat process until all of the mixture is used up.
Serve with your favorite salsa, golden fried scallion whole bottoms and avocado.  My favorite salsa is Salsa Verde.  ENJOY!!!!

Submitter: 
Ds R.
Description: 
When you think quesadillas, you think hot tortillas & melted cheese inside...well that's the American version.....here's a true mexican quesadilla recipe... guess what...this particular recipe contains NO cheese although you can add it if you like. Hey, you can even change the stuff you put in it like alternate fish with shrimp or chicken or mushrooms...whatever you're in the mood for.  It goes great with fresh Salsa Verde (Green Sauce).
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
