URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62050722/elegant-4-layer-banana-cake/
Title:
ELEGANT 4-LAYER BANANA CAKE Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
CAKE:
3 cups + 2 Tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda
pinch salt
1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cup) real butter, at room temperature (do not substitute margarine!)
2 cups granulated sugar
3 eggs
1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract
2 Tablespoons pineapple juice
1 2/3 cups sour cream
1 1/2 cups chopped (1/2" pieces) very ripe banana (about 4 large)
FROSTING:
2 (8 oz.) pkgs. cream cheese at room temperature
2 sticks (1 cup) real butter, at room temperature (do not substitute margarine!)
6 cups confectioner's sugar
1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
2 cups walnuts, finely chopped

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325ยบ.  Grease the bottom and sides of  2 (9" square or 10" round) baking pans.  Cut 2 pieces of parchment paper to fit the bottom of each pan, grease paper, then flour insides of pans, tapping out excess. Set aside.
Sift together flour, baking soda and pinch of salt in small bowl, and set aside.
With mixer, cream butter and  granulated sugar till fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each egg is added.
Add vanilla and pineapple juice and beat 1 minute longer.
Alternate adding dry mixture with sour cream, beating well after each addition, (approximately 3 minutes more).  Gently mix in bananas, taking care not to completely break up all pieces of banana.
Pour batter into the 2 pans and place on rack in center of oven.  Bake in preheated 325ยบ oven for 35 minutes, checking doneness after 25 minutes
and every 5 minutes or so till toothpick inserted in center comes out clean or with only a slightly moist crumb.  Remove from oven and cool on wire racks 20 minutes, then place in freezer or refrigerator to chill well before slicing into layers. ( A cold or even somewhat frozen cake will slice into horizontal layers much  more easily than a cake at room temperature).
Frosting directions:
In a large bowl, beat together the butter and cream cheese till well-blended, add vanilla,  then gradually add the confectioner's sugar, beating till smooth  and creamy.
To slice cake into layers:  Run butter knife around inside edge of cake pans to loosen cake, then turn pan upside down and
release cake.   If it sticks, tap overturned pan onto clean platter or countertop to release.  Remove parchment paper from each layer.
Holding cake level, either: 1.) place toothpicks all around sides of cake to use as a guideline for cutting, or:  2.) use dental floss to cut through cake evenly by wrapping it around cake cutting "line", then crossing it and pulling toward each  side.
Place first layer top-side down on cake plate, keeping track of which pieces fit together which way.  Frost with about 1 to 1 1/2 cups of frosting, then top with other half of that layer.  Repeat  with remaining pieces,  (turning second whole layer right side up, so the bottoms of the original 2 whole cake layers are touching, and the cake will set level).    Use remaining frosting for sides, frosting the top last.
To decorate cake, tilt cake plate sideways and press crushed walnuts into sides very generously.  Sprinkle crushed walnuts around the top edge of the cake and place in freezer or refrigerator, covered, for several hours to set icing and help flavors develop.  Keep refrigerated.

Submitter: 
Wendy Gayle Wright Epps
Description: 
This cake has it all---a moist, dense flavorful cake crowned with rich, buttery cream cheese frosting and plenty of crunchy walnuts.The  pineapple juice adds a slight flavor which complements the sweetness of the bananas nicely. This is a special occasion-splurge-don't skimp-kind of cake, and while you may think lower-fat substitutions won't alter the taste, they definitely will. This cake is worth every minute and every single calorie!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 min.
Ready in:
3-4 h
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
