URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62051975/seafood-enchiladas-con-queso/
Title:
Seafood Enchiladas con Queso Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup butter
1/4 cup minced red pepper
1/4 cup minced green pepper
1/2 cup minced yellow onion
1 minced jalapeno pepper (optional)
1 fresh Anaheim chili pepper, seeded, minced
2 cloves garlic, minced
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano (Mexican if you can get it)
1/2 teaspoon salt
pinch white pepper
1/4 - 1/2 teaspoon cayenne (to taste, optional)
1 1/2 cups half-and-half
3 cups Monterey Jack cheese, shredded
1 cup sour cream (light okay)
1/2 pound small scallops
1 pound medium shrimp, shelled, de-veined, cut in half
1 cup chopped green onions
2 medium tomatoes, peeled, seeded and chopped
12 9-inch flour tortillas

Directions:
Melt 1/4 cup butter in large saucepan.  Add all peppers, onion, garlic and oregano.  Saute' until peppers and onion are tender, about 5 minutes.  Add salt, white pepper and cayenne.  Add half-and-half, bring to a boil, scraping up any bits that may have browned.  Reduce heat, simmer 3 minutes.  Slowly mix in 1 cup of the cheese; stir while cheese melts. Remove from heat.  Slowly stir in sour cream.  Set aside.
Pre-heat oven to 350 degrees.
Melt remaining butter in large skillet on med-high heat.  Add shrimp, scallops and 1/2 cup of green onions.  Cook only long enough for shrimp to just start to turn pink.  (Shouldn't take longer than 2 minutes or so)  Stir in half of the tomatoes, half of the half-and-half mixture.  Spoon and scant 1/3 cup of seafood mixture into each tortilla.  Roll-up tightly.  Lay seam-side down in a 9x16 baking dish.  (If I happen to have any seafood/vegie mixture left over, I sprinkle it on top of rolled enchiladas.)  Spoon remaining sauce over enchiladas.)  Cover with foil.  (Put cookie sheet under baking dish so bottom of enchiladas don't get too brown.)  Bake 30 minutes or until bubbly.  Uncover and sprinkle with remaining cheese.  Put back in oven only long enough for cheese to start to melt.  Top with remaining green onions and tomatoes.  Serve on plate decorated with a dollop of guacamole and a dollop of sour cream.

Submitter: 
BAJATHECAT
Description: 
Creamy, enchiladas with just a bit of zip!  Use your food processor to make this in a snap.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 hr 40 mn
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
