URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62055245/bacon-and-egg-pie-new-zealand-style/
Title:
Bacon and Egg Pie New Zealand style Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
350g (12oz) puff pastry or Shortcrust pastry.
150g (6oz) 'Irish' or (NZ) Shoulder bacon, sliced (rinds removed).
6 - 12 eggs. (to your taste)
1 onion diced.
1 cup of cooked and salted chopped vegetables, which may include potato, sweet potato/yams, carrots, diced pumpkin, pea's, whatever is to hand.
Freshly ground black or white pepper.
18cm (7in) round tin or pie plate.
Egg or milk for brushing.
SHORTCRUST PASTRY:
Ingredients
175g plain flour
t salt
25g lard
25g butter
1 egg yolk
2 T water

Directions:
SHORTCRUST PASTRY:
Using a bowl Sift the flour and salt into a large bowl, rub in the lard and butter. Using a knife to cut and stir, mix with cold water and egg yolk until the mixture comes together. Turn dough onto a floured surface and roll out.Using a food processor Place the flour, salt, butter and lard into the processor and mix until crumbly. Add the water and egg yolk and process in short bursts until the mixture comes out together. Turn dough onto a floured surface and roll out.
Line the base of a pie pan with the rolled out pastry, saving enough dough to cover a 'lid' on the pie when completed.
Break open the eggs and line the base of the pie with  half. Take care not to break the yolks. Season with some pepper or salt onto the eggs to your taste but keep in mind bacon is salty already.
Layer the bacon in full strips over the eggs then add the pre-cooked vegetables on a layer above that.
The add another layer of the bacon and finally the last of the eggs. You make break some of the yolks for a marbling effect but don't scramble them. Don't forget to re-season!
Roll out enough of the pastry for a lid and fix securely by pressing the tines of a fork all around the edge till secure. Brush an egg wash over the pastry for a nice shiny finish and bake in a moderate oven (160 degrees celcius) for an hour until a skewer inserted into the center of the pie comes out clean.

Submitter: 
sassyangelkiwi Donna-Maree Aus
Description: 
This recipe from New Zealand was made popular by our Scottish ancestors who emigrated here 150 years ago. Its really really yummy and a popular dinner meal or pot luck or picnic addition. 
You must use the Irish style bacon if you live in USA or Canada, if you live elsewhere, shoulder bacon is fine.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
90 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
