URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62052829/southwestern-black-bean-relish-wrap-sandwiches/
Title:
Southwestern Black Bean Relish Wrap Sandwiches Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Relish:
1/2 cup cooked,corn,(frozen or fresh)
1 can(rinsed and drained) or 1 cup cooked black beans.
1 red bell pepper, chopped, seeded
3 large tomatoes or equivalent cherry/grape tomatoes, chopped
1 large onion, chopped
1 clove garlic chopped finely
bunch of cilantro, cleaned and chopped to taste
a teaspoon to tablespoon of ketchup, to taste
pinch or so black pepper
pinch or so salt
1/2 teaspoon  chili powder
a few squeezes lime juice (about 1/2? a lime)
Sprinkle of tabasco (optional)
1 tablespoon olive oil (optional)
1 chopped jalapeno (if desired)
a pinch of sugar
Sandwich:
1 package large sandwich wraps
1/4 to 1/2 pound thinly sliced pepper jack or monteray jack and/or cheddar
1/2 pound sliced cold-cut chicken breast or turkey or sliced grilled chicken breasts

Directions:
Cook corn, cool
Rinse and drain beans.
Chop onions, tomatos and peppers into small cubes
Chop garlic very finely.
Rinse, (well!) cilantro and chop roughly (excluding alot of branch)
Chop (if desired) jalapenos removing the "white" part and seeds.
Toss all these previous ingredients together with the  salt and pepper(black) to taste, sugar pinch, chili powder, teaspoon to tablespoon ketchup, squeeze of lime juice and olive oil (omit olive oil if making a lower fat version).  Check flavor and adjust as necessary.
When relish is done, set aside. Heat wraps in toaster oven or oven for a few seconds untill softened.  Spread thinly sliced cheese over them (omit cheese if you are making a lower fat version) and chicken or turkey.
Sprinkle a generous amount of the relish over top. Fold up "wrap" style by folding a small piece of two sides "up" over meat, relish etc. With these "sides" folded roll wrap "tortilla" style untill somewhat tight.
Serve plenty of extra relish onthe side. Enjoy!!!!

Submitter: 
FRIENDLYFOOD
Description: 
A delicious (wrap) sandwich for anytime. Lunch, dinner or a picnic. Kids love it and it is a great way to get them to eat a few veggies. Very low fat (with cheese omitted) and healthy for those on a diet. But FILLED with terrific flavor!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1/2 h
Ready in:
1/2 h
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
