URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62058002/mollys-bell-pepper-hors-doevres/
Title:
Molly's Bell Pepper Hors D'Oevres Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Molly's Bell Pepper Hors d'oevres
8 bell peppers of various colors
1/2 cup lime juice
1/2 cup lemon juice
5 medium russet potatoes, peeled and cubed
4 medium cloves garlic, diced
1 tbsp salt, kosher
2 tsp fresh parsley, finely diced
1 cup milk
1/4 lb butter, cubed
Shredded Asiago or Parmesan Cheese
paprika

Directions:
Take raw bell peppers and clean out the insides. Then slice into strips about 1" wide, lengthwise. Rinse in cool water, pat dry, and place in a bowl. Marinade in 1/2 cup lime juice and 1/2 cup lemon juice for about an hour or so, mixing occasionally.
Bring water to a boil and place potatoes in. Boil until mashable. Drain, and place in mixing bowl. Add garlic, salt and parsley. Mash until no lumps are apparent. Add milk and continue to mash and mix until creamy. Add butter, continue to mash until completely melted, and consistency is creamy. Set aside.
After they are marinated, place strips on hot grill until nice markings and color are achieved. If using both red and green peppers, you may find that the green marks faster than the red. Remove from the grill and place on a sheet pan.
Cut peppers into bite-sized pieces - about 1" long. Place mashed potatoes into piping bag with large fancy tip - OR take small teaspoon and made small potato balls - Pipe onto bell peppers individually until potatoes are done. If any potatoes are left over, you may either discard or place in refridgerator for later use.
Pre-heat broiler. Sprinkle Asiago cheese over potatoes and peppers, then lightly dust paprika over them. Place under broiler on uppermost rack until potatoes are golden brown.
Remove from oven, and serve immediately.
*NOTE* If you don't like mashed potatoes, you can use squash (I recommend butternut) as a substitute. Be aware that squash can be stringy, so be aware of the consistency.

Submitter: 
MERRIPAN
Description: 
A great hors d'oevres to make a few days ahead of time, and quickly broil just before serving.  I originally made this at Western Culinary Institute, where I study, and everyone loved them.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
