URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62059909/chicken-with-red-pepper-cream-sauce/
Title:
Chicken with Red Pepper Cream Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 Boneless Chicken Breasts diced into small peices
1 medium onion chopped
2 cups of mushrooms chopped
2 Garlic cloves diced
2 tablespoons of olive oil
1 jar of roasted red peppers in oil
1 Cup of frozen peas
1 cup of skimmed evaporated milk
1 cup of sour cream
1 cup of turkey bacon chopped (optional)

Directions:
1) Saute the onions and mushrooms and one of the garlic cloves in a large pan until mushrooms are browned and onions are cooked clear.
2) Put the onion and mushroom mixuture into a bowl and set aside. Put annother tablespoon of oil in the pan and cook the chicken in the same pan. If using bacon, this would be the time to do it.
3) After the chicken is browned and the turkey bacon is cooked, put the flame down low and put the onion and mushroom mixture back in the pan with the chicken
4) Deforst the peas in the microwave and add to the chicken.
5) Empty jar of roasted red peppers into a small pot (note somtimes there are still seeds inside the peppers, make sure that they are completly de-seeded) make sure the oil goes into the pot as well. Cover and cook until oil is bubbling.
6) Heat up evaporated milk and sour cream for about 1 minute in the microwave.
7) When peppers are cooked, empty into a blender and blend until smooth. Pour the peppers back into the pot and add in the cream mixture.
8) Pour Red Pepper cream mix over the chicken
9) Enjoy! I always serve mine over pasta.

Submitter: 
SOAPYGIRL
Description: 
Delicious and pretty low fat, I've been making this for my family for years and they love it!

note: you can substitute cream or half in half for the evaporated milk and reduce the sour cream if you want a richer recipe.

I always put this over pasta.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
50
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
