URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62064000/mexican-breakfast-burritos/
Title:
Mexican Breakfast Burritos Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
12 - 8" flour tortillas, warmed
8 eggs
2 t. milk
2 large potatoes, skinned, cubed, steamed
1/2 lb. chorizo (Mexican, if available)
2 lbs. pork sausage
1 small green pepper, seeded and chopped
1/2 large onion, diced
1 - 2 large jalapeno peppers, chopped (seeded or not, according to taste)
1 med. anaheim chili, roasted, peeled and chopped
Cheddar Cheese, grated
Salt (taste first, you may not need it)
Pepper

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
In a med. bowl, scramble the eggs with the milk.  Heat a large fry pan over med heat.  Scramble the eggs until fluffy.  Set aside.
In another med. fry pan, cook the pork sausage until browned and crumbled.  Remove from the pan and drain well.  Set aside.  Wipe out the fry pan.  Heat again and fry the chorizo.  When browned and crumbled, drain well and add to the pork sausage.
Wipe the fry pan out again.  Add a couple of drops of olive oil and saute' the bell pepper, onion, anaheim pepper and jalapeno until the onion is transparent.  Add this mixture to the sausage mixture.
To each warmed tortilla, add small amounts of egg, potato, sausage mixture, and cheese.  Roll and individually wrap in a square of foil; sealing edges well.  Place on baking sheet and place in oven for 10 minutes to rewarm.  Serve with condiments of choice.  OR, if eating later, refrigerate for a day or freeze for up to a month.  Thaw and heat in 350 degree oven for 10 - 15 minutes.

Submitter: 
BAJATHECAT
Description: 
I have been making these burritoes for years on a much smaller scale but found that they travel really well wrapped individually in foil.  I started making them for various functions and got rave reviews.  As always, spice them up or down according to your individual tastes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1/2 h
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
