URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62069159/spinach-enchiladas-with-sour-cream-and-salsa-verde/
Title:
spinach enchiladas with sour cream and salsa verde Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1-10 oz. package chopped spinach, cooked, drained and squeezed dry with paper towels
1/2 tbs. each extra virgin olive oil and butter
1 cup fresh mushrooms, coarsely chopped
4-6 scallions, chopped, whites and some green parts
2 cloves fresh garlic, minced
1/2 tsp. Tabasco
1 tsp. salt
1/2 tsp. fresh ground pepper
1/4 cup cojita or feta cheese, crumbled
Roux:
1 tbs. each of butter and extra virgin olive oil
2 tbs. flour
2 cups Mexican crema (make sure it's labeled sour cream)
8 flour tortillas
4 oz. cream cheese (low fat is fine)
2 cup Mexican Four Cheese Blend - divided in half
1/2 cup salsa verde (Herdez preferred)
sliced picked jalapenos
chopped cilantro and chili powder for
garnish

Directions:
Cook the spinach in boiling water for 5 minutes. Drain and dry with paper towels.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
Saute the mushrooms, onions, and garlic in the oil/butter over a medium high heat for 5 minutes. Remove from heat and add the salt, pepper, and Tabasco. Blend with the spinach mixture and cojita cheese.
Make the roux by melting the butter/oil in a skillet, add the flour and blend. Slowly stir in the sour cream. Do not boil.
In a casserole dish, spread some of the roux on the bottom.
In a skillet, heat each tortilla over a medium heat to soften them. Spread the cream cheese on the tortillas, place 1/8 of the spinach mixture in the bottom third of the tortillas, top with cheese. Roll them tightly and place them in the casserole dish. Top with the rest of the roux, taking care to completely cover the tortillas with sauce, cover and cook for 20 minutes. Remove the casserole from the oven. Drizzle on the salsa verde, and top with the rest of the cheese, the jalapenos, and chile powder. Let sit for a few minutes until the cheese melts, and serve.
Note: over-heating the sour cream could cause it to seperate.

Submitter: 
COOKINCOWGIRLS
Description: 
This is a great vegetarian dish for people who love spinach and Tex-Mex foods. Some cooks make the sauce with evaporated milk, but nothing compares to sour cream. Add shredded chicken, if desired.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
