URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62066973/florentines/
Title:
Florentines Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Makes about 12 - 15 Florentines of about 12 cm diameter
Ingredients :
100 g unsalted butter
250 ml. cream
250 g raw sugar
60 g glacé cherries, chopped
500 g almonds (400g slivered, 100g sliced)
100 g mixed peel
50 g raisins or sultanas
75 g plain flour
Topping
250 g plain cooking chocolate
1/2 glacé cherry for each florentine
Use the cheapest generic brand thickened cream
Do NOT use BROWN sugar, it contains molasses and changes the taste of the florentines
For the raisins, mixed peel and glacé cherries you can use mixed fruit.
You still have to have glacé cherries as decoration!
All measurements are a guide only and don’t have to be followed exactly!!
But you MUST !! Use UNSALTED butter !!!

Directions:
Method :
Preheat the oven to about 180°—200 ° C.
Put the cream, butter and sugar into a heavy Bottomed saucepan. Bring to simmer and dissolve butter and sugar. It doesn’t matter if it boils a little.
In a bowl combine all the dry ingredients
Add the hot cream mixture and combine.
Line a flat baking sheet with baking paper
Use an ice-cream scoop as measure and spoon batter in mounds on tray.
Dip a fork in a bowl of cold water, to prevent sticking, and use to flatten and spread the mounds into about 12 cm diameter rounds.
Place 1/2 a glacé cherry in to the middle of the batter
Bake for about 10 to 12 minutes or until the Florentines are golden to light brown  in a preheated 180° C oven.
Note: Traditionally Florentines are just a bit burnt around the edges. They should be nice and crispy when cool !
Take from the oven and  after cooling a little on the baking sheets, transfer to a rack.
Melt the chocolate . Stir well until smooth and thick.
This can be done in  a microwave but very carefully and on low to medium setting.  You have to stir very often
to prevent burning.
Spread the smooth undersides of the Florentines  with the chocolate and when on  the point of setting  mark with wavy lines using a decorating comb or a serrated knife.

Submitter: 
INGRIDEVOGEL
Description: 
Florentines are flat crispy Almond biscuites made from a melange of Sugar, Cream, Unsalted Butter, Almond sliversand mixed Fruit. 
The measurements ar ALL metric standard!
The oven heat is   Celsius !!This recipe makes about 12 - 15 Florentines of about 12 cm diameter !!

Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30-40 min
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
