URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62060563/vegetable-birdseed-pilaf/
Title:
Vegetable Birdseed Pilaf Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/4 cups millet, rinsed and drained
2 1/2 cups vegetable broth
1 medium onion, chopped
6 cloves garlic, minced
1 cup frozen peas
10 ounces frozen spinach, chopped
1 teaspoon fresh rosemary, minced
3/4 cup white wine
4 medium plum tomatoes, chopped
salt and pepper, to taste
1/2 cup parmesan cheese, grated

Directions:
1.	Be sure to rinse and drain the millet well.  Next, toast the millet by placing it in a large saucepan over medium heat until any remaining rinse water is gone, and the millet becomes fragrant (not brown).  This should take 5 to 8 minutes.  Remove millet from heat, and set aside.
2.	In the large saucepan, bring the vegetable broth to a boil.  Add the millet and return to a boil, giving a good stir or two.  Reduce to a simmer, cover, and cook for 18-22 minutes, or until all the liquid is absorbed.  While the millet cooks, spray a small skillet with a good quality olive oil.  Saute the onion and garlic over medium heat until the onion is translucent and the garlic is fragrant.  Remove from heat and set aside.
3.	Once the millet is cooked, add in the cooked onion and garlic, along with the peas and spinach (still frozen).  Add the rosemary and wine and stir.  Bring the heat back up to medium, cover and cook, stirring occasionally for 7 to 10 minutes.  The mixture at this point will still be rather wet.  Add the tomatoes and salt and pepper to taste.  Cook covered, until the tomatoes begin to soften (2-3 minutes), adding wine if the mixture becomes too dry.  Finally, remove from heat, and stir in the parmesan.
4.	Serve with additional fresh grated parmesan.

Submitter: 
MISSIFISH
Description: 
A savory vegetarian pilaf of millet and vegetables, flavored with rosemary and wine.  My daughter loved that it was made with birdseed and she gave it the silly title.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
50
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
