URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62064393/easy-flavorful-slow-cooker-pot-roast/
Title:
Easy Flavorful Slow Cooker Pot Roast Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 lb Pot Roast (any variety - inexpensive cuts work great)
4-5 potatoes (adjust to however many are needed)
2 large yellow onions
1 pablano chili pepper
1 large handful of baby carrots
3 beef bouillon cubes (enough to make 3 cups)
2 cups beef broth (from bouillon, fresh, or canned)
1 cup dry red wine
2 cups beer
1 sprig fresh rosemary
3 bay leaves
5 large cloves garlic
1 tsp. black pepper (adjusted to taste)
For optional gravy:
8 oz package mushooms
3 tbsp. olive oil
1/4 cup flour
1 tsp. corn starch
black pepper to taste

Directions:
First make the cooking liquid.  Add wine, beer, broth, and bouillon together.  The bouillon is used to bring the salt level of the wine and beer to up to broth level; if you use cooking wine (not suggested) it is already salted so adjust the amount of bouillon.  I bring this to a quick light boil on the stove to melt the bouillon and mix the flavors (probably not absolutely necessary).  Add rosemary, bay leaves, black pepper, and crushed garlic.  In the slow cooker: put in roast, peeled halved potatoes, peeled quartered onions, baby carrots, and pablano pepper  seeded and cut into strips.  You can substitute other chilis but note the pablano is a large, mild chili.  Adjust amount used for the heat of the chili. If it ends up tasting "spicy", you used too much.  Add cooking liquid until everything is covered, set your slow cooker for 8-10 hours and go relax.
Optional gravy:  After cooking taste broth.  It should be slightly stronger than a soup broth.  Remove several cups and reduce if too weak, add water if too strong.  This can be used as is for an au jus.  For mushroom gravy, saute mushrooms in olive oil until well carmelized.  Add flour to coat and make sure all flour becomes mixed with the oil (add more olive oil if necessary).  Cook for about 1 minute stirring constantly.  Add 2 cups of adjusted liquid and black pepper.  Heat while stirring.  Add additional liquid until desired thickness is reached.  If too thin, add a little corn starch dissolved in cold water.

Submitter: 
LASHER62
Description: 
This slow cooked pot roast is very flavorful without overpowering the meat.    Red wine, beer, and a chili pepper add complexity to the flavors (don't worry, it does not come out spicy from the pepper and most would never guess the beer is there - it just adds richness). All of my pot roasts done with other recipes ended up tasting bland and washed out.  No longer! This experiment was so good I had to post it as my first allrecipes.com recipe!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
8.5 h
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
