URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62064685/french-apple-tart-tarte-de-pommes-a-la-normande/
Title:
French Apple Tart (Tarte de Pommes a la Normande) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the Pate Brisee (Pastry)
1 1/3 cups flour
4oz butter
1 egg yolk
pinch of salt
3 tablespoons cold water
For the franzipan
4oz butter
1/2 cup sugar
1 beaten egg
1 egg yolk
2 teaspoons Calvados or Kirsch
100g ground almonds
2 tablespoons flour
Additional ingredients
3-4 ripe dessert apples
Apricot jam

Directions:
Pate Brisee
-----------
Mix the flour, softened butter, egg yolk, salt and water until large crumbs are formed.  If the crumbs are dry, add a little more water.  Press the crumbs firmly together to make a dough, it should be soft but not sticky.  Pres the dough into a ball and wrap it in a plastic bag or cling film.  Chill for at least 30 minutes or until firm. (dough can be stored in the fridge for up to 3 days, or frozen).
Roll out the chilled dough and use it to line a 10" tin.  Prick the base lightly with a fork all over and flute the edges.  Return to the fridge to chill again, until firm.
Preheat the oven to 200C (400F) and place a baking tray inside to warm.
Franzipan
---------
Cream the butter, gradually beat in the sugar.  Continue beating until the mixture is light and soft.  Gradually add the beaten egg and yolk, beating well after each addition.  Add the Calcados or Kirsch and stir in the almonds and flour.
Pour the franzipan into the chilled pastry case and spread evenly.
Peel the apples, half and remove the core.  Cut them crossways in very thin slices and arrange them in the franzipan in the shape of wheel spokes.  Each slice should have one edge pressed into the franzipan until it touches the pastry base and then overlap the previous slice.
Place the pie onto the warm baking tray and bake until the franzipan begins to brown (15-20 minutes).  Reduce the heat to 180C (350F) and bake for another 15-20 minutes.  10 minutes before the end, sprinkle the tart with sugar then continue to cook for the remainder of the time.  Transfer to a rack to cool.
A short time before serving, brush the tart with melted apricot jam glaze (melt some jam in warm water).
Serve at room temperature.
Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Peter Lovering
Description: 
My mother used to cook this for us all, usually to go with Sunday dinner.  I was hooked.  Haven't had it in ages and I was wanting to bake something special for a special someone so I asked mum for the recipe.  Tried it out today, and it's just as I remember.  The thing that makes it for me is the franzipan.  Hope you like it as much as me.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 hr 40 m
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
