URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62069377/lazomella/
Title:
Lazomella Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
•	4 eggs
•	2 tbs. finely chopped red or green pepper
•	1 tbs. finely chopped onion
•	2 tbs. finely chopped mushrooms
•	1 clove of garlic minced
•	1 1/2 oz kielbasa finely diced
•	1/2 cup ricotta cheese
•	3 tbs. grated parmesan cheese
•	2 oz. mozzarella cheese shredded
•	1/2 cup pasta sauce (your choice...I used sauce with meat)
•	2 tsp Italian seasoning
•	2 tsp. butter, divided

Directions:
Sautee vegetables until tender in 1/2 tbs. of butter (about 2 minutes) Set aside.
2nd step: In a bowl, beat 1 egg with 1/4 of the vegetable mixture and 1/4 tsp. of Italian seasoning. Melt 1/4 tsp. of butter and pour the egg mixture into the pan. Cover with a small round lid.
While the egg mixture sets, combine ricotta cheese, 2 tbs. parmesan cheese, and kielbasa. Set aside, and flip the egg mixture over to cook the other side.
In a 9" round microwave-safe dish, place the cooked egg mixture. It should resemble a small, smooth omelette. Spread 1/2 of the ricotta mixture over the surface; repeat the 2nd step.
When the second egg is cooked on both sides, place on top of the first layer. Spread with 1/2 of the pasta sauce and sprinkle with 1 oz of the shredded mozzarella cheese. Again, repeat Step 2.
Spread the remaining ricotta mixture over the 3rd layer, and repeat Step 2 one more time.
On the top layer, pour the remaining sauce, and sprinkle with the remaining mozzarella cheese. Top with the rest of the parmesan cheese.
Place in the microwave for 2 minutes on "High", or in a preheated oven for 10 minutes at 350 degrees, until the cheese melts. Cut into thick wedges and serve.

Submitter: 
Kathy
Description: 
This is a great breakfast for those who love lasagna. Serve with hot buttered toast!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
