URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62064966/slow-cooker-porcupine-meatballs-w-peppers/
Title:
Slow Cooker Porcupine Meatballs w/ Peppers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Meatballs:
2 lbs lean ground beef (substitute 50% pork if desired)
2/3 cups raw rice
1 egg
1 tsp salt
1/2 cup milk
1 tsp dried basil
2 cloves minced garlic (increase to taste)
Sauce:
16 oz jar prepared tomato pasta sauce (Ragu or similar)
14 oz can diced tomatoes
1 1/2 cups beef broth (from bouillon is fine)
1/2 cup red wine
1 tsp dried basil
1/2 tsp cayenne pepper
2 bay leaves
3 cloves minced garlic
14 oz package frozen "pepper stir-fry" (green and red bell peppers and onions)

Directions:
1. Combine all meatball ingredients until mixed thoroughly.
2. Form into 1.5 inch meatballs and brown well on all sides (this is important for the meatballs to not fall apart during cooking).
3. Combine all sauce incredients except pepper mix in a large slow cooker.  Stir well.
4. Place browned meatballs in sauce.  Add more tomato sauce if necessary to cover meatballs.
5. Put pepper mix over the top without stirring in.  (sure, you can substitute fresh - cut equal amounts of red and green bell peppers and yellow onion into strips)
6. Cover and cook on low for 6-8 hours.  Stir gently 1 hour before the end of cooking.  Taste sauce and adjust salt if needed.  Remove bay leaves.
7. Optional - we are garlic lovers and slow cooked garlic is good but subtle.  I like to add two additional cloves of garlic to the sauce about 30 minutes before serving to give it a bolder garlic flavor.
Serve over pasta, next to pasta with a simple sauce (I like just olive oil, basil, garlic, dash of salt), or with some nice crusty bread.

Submitter: 
LASHER62
Description: 
Zesty porcupine meatballs with bell peppers.  From scratch flavor with shortcuts!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
8.5 h
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
