URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62062817/chicken-dilirious-and-buttered-rice-for-pressure-cooker/
Title:
Chicken Dilirious and Buttered Rice  (for Pressure Cooker) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 to 1 1/2 pounds boneless skinless chicken breasts
2-3 medium onions, chopped
2-3 green peppers, chopped
3-6 carrots, julienned
1 cup whiskey
1 cup orange juice
3/4 cup vinegar
1 cup brown sugar
2-3 tsp powdered ginger
1 tsp sesame oil
1-3 tbsp red pepper flakes
1-2 tbsp corn starch plus 1/2 cup orange juice
1 1/4 white rice and 2 1/2 cups water

Directions:
For all you pressure cooker fans, this is a snap.  This will work in a regular dutch oven, but the cook time will be about 3x as long.
Quite simply, chop the veggies and toss into large pressure cooker.  Cube the chicken and toss in on top.  Whisk together the sauce ingredients (whiskey, orange juice, vinegar, brown sugar, ginger, pepper flakes and sesame oil) and pour over the veggie/chicken ingredients.  Place lid on pressure cooker and bring to pressure.  Time for 15 minutes on high pressure.  While this is cooking, place rice & water in microwavable casserole dish and cook for 15-20 minutes until water absorbed and rice is fluffy and tender.  Add 1-2 tbsp butter or margarine to rice and toss well.  Set aside.  When chicken mixture is done, release pressure, remove lid and add the mixture of the remaining orange juice and corn starch to thicken as desired.  Be sure to add pepper flakes in stages to achieve desired heat.  Serve over hot buttered rice and enjoy one of the simplest, most delicious polynesian dishes you will ever eat!!

Submitter: 
TOCOYOTE
Description: 
For all you fans of my Chicken Vicious, here is the Polynesian counterpart.  Sweet, tangy, fast & easy, spicy and absolutely the best Polynesian chicken dish you ever tasted!!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
