URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62069254/shrimp-alfredo-and-pasta/
Title:
Shrimp Alfredo and Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/3 cup olive oil
3 cloves garlic minced
1 lb shrimp, peeled, deveined, tails off(any size will do, but uncooked, medium-large size works best)
2/3 cup chicken broth or clam juice
1/3 cup dry white wine (I drink what's left over while I cook or serve the rest with dinner)
1 cup heavy cream
3 oz cream cheese (optional)
3/4 cup grated parmesan cheese
3 tbsp lemon juice
1 tbsp chopped parsley
1/4 tsp basil and oregano leaves, crushed
1lb package any type of pasta, I prefer linguini with this dish.

Directions:
Heat oil in a large skillet.  Add garlic and reduce heat to low.  Simmer until the garlic is tender but not browned, less than a minute.  Add shrimp to the same skillet, cook over the medium heat until they turn pink.  Remove the shrimp from the skillet, but reserve the liquid in the skillet.  Add the chicken broth and bring to boil.  Add the wine and cook for about 3 minutes on medium-high heat, whisking constantly.  Reduce heat to low, add heavy cream, whisking constantly.  Add parmesan and cream cheese.  Whisk sauce mixture until it thickens.  (Have patience it can take a while to thicken-but it's worth the wait.)Once sauce thickens to your liking, add the shrimp, the lemon juice, parsley, basil and oregano.  Mix thoroughly and allow the shrimp to absorb the flavors.  Serve over warm pasta with additional parmesan if desired.

Submitter: 
SUEZINOHIO
Description: 
Wonderful shrimp alfredo dish that makes many restaurant varieties pale by comparison.  This recipe is time consuming, but as with any excellent dish, if you want restaurant quality food-you have to put some time into it. I had to return my shrimp alfredo at the Olive Garden because it was so bland compared to this recipe.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 hr 20 mi
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
