URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62069868/allies-delicious-fruit-pastries/
Title:
Allie's Delicious Fruit Pastries Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 package of thawed puff pastry
flour(to dust board with)
1 8 oz. package of softened cream cheese
1/4 cup of sugar
1 beaten egg
1 can of pie filling (your choice) blueberry and cherry work great!
(fresh fruit or 1 cup of choc. chips works well also)
1 teaspoon of vanilla
powdered sugar
water

Directions:
In a mixing bowl, beat the cream cheese, sugar and vanilla until softened.  Add the beaten egg until well blended. (If using choc. chips, just stir into the mixture). Dust the cutting board and rolling pin with flour, and roll out the pastry to measure 15" x 9" (approx).  Lightly dampen outside edges with water. Spread half of the cream cheese mixture over the pastry until reaching the dampened edges. If using fruit, spread over the cheese mixture evenly. Roll pastry once over filling then fold in sides (egg roll style) then continue to roll as a jellyroll to form a 15" log.  Keep seam on bottom and transfer to a parchment lined baking sheet.   Repeat with remaining puff pastry and filling.  Refrigerate 30 mins.  Preheat oven to 425F.   Remove from refrigerator and cut each log into 6 circles. (cheese filling may be runny)
Place flat side down on a sprayed baking sheet. (**Do this as you cut each one, so filling doesn't ooze out).
Bake at 425F for 20 minutes, then lower oven to 350F.  Bake another 15-20 minutes.  Remove and let cool.  Mix powdered sugar and 1 tablespoon of water at a time until it's a drizzling consistency.  Drizzle over cooled pastries.  (If using choc. chips, dust lightly with powdered sugar)

Submitter: 
NYRED
Description: 
Flaky puff pastries filled with sweetened cream cheese and fruit of your choice, drizzled with icing!
By: Alyson Pray
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
1 hr 15 mn
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
