URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62062832/foresters-friends/
Title:
Forester's Friends Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 small (1 lb) Camembert  cheese wheel as found at any decent supermarket
2 Tbsp. Butter
½ c., scant, flour
½ c., scant bread crumbs, unseasoned
1 egg
Butter-flavored fat for deep-frying
2 pears, peeled, destemmed, halved.
2 Tbsp. butter
1 tsp. olive oil
Lingonberry preserves or cranberry preserves

Directions:
Remove the bitter white waxy outer layer from the Camembert and discard it. Mash remaining cheese and butter with a fork and mix well. Using two spoons, make small quenelles and roll each into a ball between the palms of your hands.
Cut a small slice from the rounded side of each pear so pear halves will sit on plates without rocking. Carefully coat both sides each pear half with a few drops of freshly-squeezed lemon juice to prevent them from oxidizing  (browning) while you prepare the Camembert balls. Set aside to chill.
Mix flour and bread crumbs and spread on plate.
Beat egg lightly in a soup plate.
Roll Camembert balls first in the egg, then in the breadcrumb-flour mixture until completely and evenly coated. Set coated Camembert balls on wax paper-lined cookie sheet or plate in freezer to chill for approximately 15 minutes.
Heat non-stick skillet til moderately hot, then add olive oil, then butter. Reduce heat slightly to prevent burning the butter. Place pear halves cut side down in butter and sauté until golden brown on that side only.
Deep-fry cheese balls in 375-degree butter-flavored fat very briefly until just lightly browned. Drain well.
Place one pear half on each plate, fried side up. Place one cheese ball into pear cavity and serve warm, garnished with a sprig of parsley and a small dollop of preserves on the side.

Submitter: 
THELASTBARON
Description: 
An elegant dish from the Allgaeu region of southern Germany, the name refers to the fact that these tasty treats make an excellent accompaniment to game dishes, but also an elegant and unusual summer appetizer. The cheese used in my native Germany is from the Allgaeuer Kaesereien, or cheese companies, and is foil-wrapped and lacks the white pith we find on French (and domestic) Camemberts. German Camembert also almost always contains mushrooms, which makes it even woodsier, but I have adapted this to American availability. Just cut the pith off any standard 1-lb Camambert you find at a super
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 mins.
Ready in:
1/2 h
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
