URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62069234/italian-easter-bread/
Title:
Italian Easter Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 cups flour
1 stick butter
3 eggs
3/4 cup sugar
1-1/2 teaspoon salt depending on taste
1/4 cup warm water
1 package yeast
1/4 cup water
Confectioner's sugar
vanilla
sprinkles

Directions:
First dissolve the yeast in 1/4 cup warm water with two teaspoons of the 3/4 cup sugar.
Next mix dry. Next cut 5 tablespoons of your butter stick into the dry mixture.  Next mix in yeast and eggs..... mix in enough of the water (you may need more or less) to get a moist but workable dough that is not too wet and that you can knead.
Now knead the dough WELL. This is important and untill smooth and elastic. This means untill there is little to no "webbing" or cobwebs throughout the dough.
Now let dough rise in greased bowl for 2 hours. When dough has risen and is at least doubled in size (note that sugary doughs rise slower).... gently punch down dough and divide into two halfs.  Roll out each half into a long fairly flat rectangle.  Let rest while you fetch butter. Butter should be slightly softened..... it should be 3 tablespoons or a little more if desired. Spread softened butter on each bread flat and roll up from side to side..... (long side)..... not tops.  Now gently twist the bread together trying not to mash the butter.... Seal ends together with a pinch..... water milk or flour may help..... When this is done place loaf on lightly greased pan and let rise for an hour or untill doubled in size.
When doubled in size place in 350 degree oven untill top is golden brown and twists do not look raw .... a hollow sound when tapped is also good.....
Let bread cool and drizzle with simple cofectioner's icing (cofectioner's sugar, vanilla and milk)..... sprinkle while icing is still wet with sprinkles.... let the icing cool or dry etc. and enjoy!!!!

Submitter: 
FRIENDLYFOOD
Description: 
This rich delicious Italian Easter bread is traditionally served at Easter.... perfect for or at breakfast with coffee or tea.... it is a family tradition passed down by my immigrant Italian grandmother...... Enjoy! And make often even after or before Easter (although my grandmother wouldn't have!) Buon Apetito!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
4 h
Ready in:
4 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
