URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62068520/sini-kufte-middle-eastern-meat-dish/
Title:
Sini Kufte middle eastern meat dish Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Outside Layer:
2lb lean ground beef
2 cups fine bulghur (number 1)
1/2 tsp. cayenne pepper
1 Tbsp red pepper paste
Salt and balck pepper
Filling:
1 lb lean ground beef
3-4 large onions finely chopped
2 Tbsp butter
1/4 cup pine nuts
1/2 tsp allspice
1/2 tsp black pepper
1/4 tsp ground cloves
1/4 tsp cinnamon
1/4 cup parsley, finely chopped
salt to taste
1 tbsp butter

Directions:
Place bulghur in a large bowl cover with water. Let sit for about 15 minutes. Drain and squeeze out all moisture. In bowl, combine, beef, bulghur, cayenne pepper, red pepper paste, and salt and pepper. Mix very well, like if you were kneading dough.
Set aside.
Filling:
Saute onions in melted butter, add meat and cook until no longer pink. Add nuts, spices, parsley, and salt.  Cook 10 to 15 minutes.
In a greased 13x9 inch pan, press half meat and bulghur mixture in bottom of pan.  Spread filling mixture over top.  Flatten palm sized pieces of the meat and bulghur mixture in hands, place on top of filling. Continue until all mixture is used and the filling is covered completely. Smooth out seams with fingertips. With a knife cut diamond shapes on top of first layer. This can be done easily by first cutting diagonal lines from one corner of the pan, then turn the pan and make lines in the other direction from the opposite corner.
Dot the top layer with little pieces of butter.
Bake in 350F oven for 50 minutes or until golden.

Submitter: 
Ani
Description: 
Ground beef cooked two different ways, then layered and baked once again. This dish is the simple version of the the kuftes that are made into balls.  This is less work and less time consuming,but the taste is exactly the same.  Serve with plain yogurt and a fresh tomato salad or tabouleh.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
1h30
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
