URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62060779/eggplant-lasagna/
Title:
eggplant lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 large eggplants, peeled and sliced crossedwise in 1/2 inch thickness
1 cup italian seasoned bread crumbs
1cup finely grated parmesan cheese
2 eggs
2 tablespoon olive oil, plus more for baking sheets
1 lb ground beef
48 oz. Prego, or any other store bought chunky tomato sauce
2 cups freshly shredded mozzarella cheese
salt and pepper

Directions:
preheat oven to 375 degrees. oil 2 baking sheets with olive oil.
1. whisk eggs and 2 table spoons water in a shallow dish.
2. mix parmesan cheese, bread crumbs, salt and pepper in a shallow dish.
3. dip eggplant slices in the egg mixture and then into the breadcrumb mixture. place it on a greased baking sheet.
4. place the baking sheet in the oven and bake the eggplants for about 20-25 min. until goden. flip the eggplants and bake for another 20-25min. When done, take it out of the oven and cool slightly. Turn up the oven temperature to 400 degrees.
5. meanwhile, heat the medium non-stick saucepan to medium high heat. place olive oil in the pan, when olive oil start to smoke, place ground beef in the sauce pan, and brown, stirring constantly. Break all the big lumps with a wooden spoon. season beef with salt and pepper.
6. pour all the tomato sauce in the beef, stir to combine.
7. grease 9 by 13 dish pan with olive oil. place eggplants on bottom of the dish in 1 layer, covering as much surface as possible. Place 1/3rd of the sauce and ground beef on top of the egglplants, and then 1/3rd of the mozzarella cheese. Repeat this 2 more times, ending with cheese on top.
8. place in the oven, uncovered. Bake for about 10-15 min, or until the cheese is melted and the sauce starts to bubble.
9. take it out of the oven and cool for 5 min. Serve warm.

Submitter: 
GENKIANNA
Description: 
it is a delicious lasagna using eggplant instead of pasta.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
1hr 20 min
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
