URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62063380/steal-this-recipe-cheesecake/
Title:
steal this recipe cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Prepared cheesecake shell
1# 4oz Sugar
4# 8oz Cream Cheese
1oz AP Flour
6 Eggs
1pt Milk
1pt Cream
1/4 cup Vanilla Extract

Directions:
1. I use a 10" graham cracker lined cake pan to make this cake.  Have that ready to go...
2. Place sugar and flour in kitchen aid mixer,
then your cream cheese.  Using the paddle attachment, cream until light and creamy.  Remember to scrape the bowl!
3. Add eggs one at a time then the vanilla extract.  Scrape bowl.  Continue mixing with paddle.
4. Once there are no lumps, add the cream and milk. (If you end up having some little lumps, you can strain the batter)
5. Pour into prepared pans.
6. Waterbath the cakes and bake for 30 min at 290.
7.  At this point I would twist the cakes around to ensure even baking and continue baking until they are done (I turn the temp up to 315).
8. They are done once they are "set" and the tops are golden brown.
Helpful hit - I use regular cake pans with 2" sides when makeing these cakes.  Not springforms.  If you own a springform- use it.  If not, you can use a regular cake pan - spray it with Pam, and cut out a circle of parchment/wax paper to cover the bottom.  Place your crumbs (with some sugar and melted butter mixed together) on top of that (packing the crumbs downs).  You can just cover the bottom or crumb the sides as well...
Once the cake is baked, run a small knife (like a paring knife) along the side of the cake, let cool over night.  The next day place a plate that has been wraped in plastic wrap over the top of the cake, flip it over and run it under warm/hot water from the tap.  The cake should pop out - at that point, use another plate or a cardboard cake round to place on the bottom and flip it right side up.  I hope it works well for you!

Submitter: 
PASTRYCHICK101
Description: 
This is a slight variation on the cheesecake recipe from my previous job...  People actually traveled miles to eat it!  The original recipe makes 8 cakes, but I scaled it down to 2.  I have not made it in smaller batches, but I don't imagine there being a problem.  Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min.
Ready in:
1.25 h
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
