URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62067744/roasted-red-pepper-chicken-pockets/
Title:
Roasted Red Pepper Chicken Pockets Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 skinless boneless chicken breasts
4 tbsp roasted red pepper cream cheese
1/4 cup crumbled feta cheese
2 tbsp sliced green onion
1 minced sun-dried tomato half
1 tsp italian seasoning
salt and pepper
1 red bell pepper, julienned
1 can condensed chicken broth

Directions:
1. In a small bowl, combine cream cheese, feta cheese, green onion and sundried tomato. Mix well.
2. With a sharp knife, cut a horizontal slit into the side of each chicken breast to create a "pocket", making sure not to cut all the way through. (This is easier if breasts are partially frozen.)
3. Stuff 2 tsp. of cream cheese mixture into each breast. Reserve leftover cream cheese mixture. Sprinkle top of chicken breasts with italian seasoning and salt and pepper to taste.
4. Heat a heavy skillet sprayed with non-stick cooking spray over medium-high heat. Add red pepper strips and chicken breasts and brown 3-5 minutes on each side, being careful not to press cream cheese mixture out of the chicken when turning over.
5. Add 3/4 can of chicken broth to skillet and reduce heat to medium low. Cook for 5-10 minutes or until chicken is cooked through and broth is reduced. Add more broth if needed.
6. Remove chicken breasts to a platter, and stir remaining cream cheese mixture into broth and pepper strips in skillet. Heat for 1-2 minutes. Pour sauce over chicken breasts on platter.

Submitter: 
MONICA DEREGT
Description: 
Flavorful and creamy chicken breasts stuffed the easy way and served with a rich and tangy sauce. I came up with this simple, elegant, and satisfyingly decadent meal which is surprisingly low in fat when I was trying to lose weight before my wedding. I've been married 3.5 years now and my husband and I are still not sick of it!.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
