URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62062834/franconian-gingerbread-parfait/
Title:
Franconian Gingerbread Parfait Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3.5 oz. chocolate-flavored or other fresh gingerbread, cubed
1 egg plus 1 egg yolk
2.5 oz sugar
1 tsp pumpkin pie spice
1 c. heavy cream
Glühweincream:
2 c. red wine
1 slice orange, unsprayed
1 slice lemon, unsprayed
1 stick cinnamon
2 cloves
5 egg yolks
3 oz. sugar
Schlosserbuben (“Locksmith’s Boys”):
12 dried prunes, pitted
12 almonds, whole, skinless
¾ c. flour
2 eggs, separated
beer or pale ale (no dark beer), as needed
1 lb. butter-flavored frying fat
3.5 oz. dark chocolate, shaved
Mint leaves (garnish)
Whipped cream (garnish)

Directions:
1.	Beat egg, egg yolk, and sugar until foamy first over a hot water bath, then in cold water bath. Add pumpkin pie spice while beating until foamy, thick and yellow.
2.	Fold in gingerbread cubes; set aside in a cool place.
3.	Whip cream until firm peaks form; rain sugar into cream while whipping. Once whipped cream is firm and dry peak are forming, fold into the egg mass. Distribute mixture into four individual Jell-O molds or other shapes and place in freezer for 3 hours.
4.	Stuff each dried, pitted prune with one almond and roll each in about 2 oz. of flour.
5.	With remaining flour, egg yolks and beer, prepare a thick batter. Beat egg whites until soft peaks have formed and fold them into the batter.
6.	Heat butter-flavored frying fat to 360 degrees in deep fryer or deep dutch oven without lid.
7.	Roll each stuffed prune through the batter, allow to drain, then deep fry each until it floats to the surface and is golden brown.
8.	Roll each fried plum in the chocolate shavings, set aside to cool.
9.	Prepare Glühwein by combining red wine with sliced fruit, cinnamon stick, and cloves and bringing to a boil. Reduce to about 1/3 c. in volume. Strain Glühwein, set aside. Discard fruit and spices.
10.	Place egg yolks and sugar into top half of double boiler and beat continuously until eggs begin to thicken slightly. Fold Glühwein-reduction into eggs and continue to beat steadily until a thick, foamy consistency has been achieved. Place top half of double boiler containing the mass into a bowl of ice and continue to beat slowly and steadily to reduce temperature and cool the mixture.
11.	To serve, dip the bottom of each form containing the gingerbread parfait into very hot (or boiling) water for about 30 seconds, then invert onto chilled plates. Spoon a mirror of Glühwein cream next to or around each serving of parfait.  Surround each serving with three Schlosserbuben (stuffed fried prunes) and garnish as desired with whipped cream and mint leaves.

Submitter: 
THELASTBARON
Description: 
This is one of my show stopper desserts. It's full name is actually Franconian Gingerbread Parfait with Glhweincream and Schlosserbuben. Schlosserbuben are locksmith's apprentices, and just why they would be the nickname for almond-stuffed dried prunes deep fried and rolled in chocolate shavings, I have no idea... 
Nevertheless, this is a somewhat timeconsuming recipe which will produce oohs and aahs, as it always did when I served it at catered parties. The tastes are oddly complimentary and very, very rich, memorable and different. This was also served as a popular alternative to 
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
4 hrs
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
