URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62065552/fabulous-almost-sugar-free-pumpkin-pie-homemade-cinnamon-sugar-crust/
Title:
Fabulous Almost Sugar Free Pumpkin Pie & Homemade Cinnamon Sugar Crust Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
FILLING
3/4 Cup Splenda No Calorie Sweetener
1/2 tsp. Salt
2 tbsp. Pumpkin Pie Seasoning
2 Large Eggs
1 15oz. Can of 100% Pure Pumpkin
1 12oz. Can of Evaporated Milk
CRUST
1 1/4 Cup of Flour
1/4 tsp. Salt
1 tbsp. cinnamon
1/4 cup Splenda No Calorie Sweetener
1 stick of butter, chilled and sliced
3 tbsp. chilled water

Directions:
FOR FILLING:
Mix Splenda, salt, and pumpkin pie spice in a small bowl.  In a large bowl, beat the 2 eggs.  Stir in pumpkin and splenda spice mixture.  Slowly stir in evaporated milk.  Mix well.
CRUST:
Preheat over to 425 degrees.  Lightly flour pie pan.
In a large bowl sift flour, salt, splenda and cinnamon.  Add chilled butter slices, and mix with a fork.  Slowly add chilled water.  Once a ball is formed, pick up and mix well with your hands.  If it needs more water, add a few drops a a time.  Dough should be moist.  To keep the dough from sticking, lay out on lightly floured waxed paper.  Sprinkle a small amount of flour onto top of dough, and cover with waxed paper.  Roll  out with rolling pin.  If it is sticking, lift waxed paper and sprinkle a small amount of flour onto dough again, just enought to make dough smooth.  Once dough is rolled out, peel top layer of waxed paper off, flip over, and lay into pie pan, then peel the remaining waxed paper off.
Pour filling into pie crust and bake at 425 degrees for 15 minutes. Then reduce heat to 350 degrees and bake for another 40-50 minutes or until toothpick inserted into middle comes out clean.  Cool, Serve and ENJOY!

Submitter: 
HOLLY D
Description: 
This pie is just fabulous.  It has less then 1 gram of sugar per serving because it is made with Splenda No Calorie Sweetener.  I like lots of seasoning so I added 2 tbsp. of pumpkin pie spice.  This can successfully be altered to fit your own tastes.  To add a twist, I decided to make a homemade cinnamon sugar pie crust, and it came out as the perfect combination.  The crust is delicious! You can also use butter crisco or margarine if butter is not on hand.  My husband who never eats sugar free desserts went back for more of this pie!  Best of all, its super easy to make!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 hr 15 m
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
