URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62065425/maple-herb-marinated-tri-tip-roast/
Title:
Maple & Herb-Marinated Tri-Tip Roast Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 Tbsp chopped garlic
3/4 cup maple syrup
1/2 Tbsp applejack brandy
1/2 cup	salad oil
1 Tbsp fresh rosemary, roughly chopped
1 Tbsp fresh thyme, roughly chopped
1 Tbsp cider vinegar
2 lbs	tri-tip roast
1/2 cup beef stock
(could use 1/2 tsp. of Better Than
Bouillon to 1/2 cup boiling water)

Directions:
Whisk liquids, herbs and garlic in large bowl.  Put roast into a ziplock bag and pour marinade in on top.  Zip bag shut and marinate roast for at least 3 hours, up to 8 hours.  Remove tri-tip to a platter, draining well, and pour marinade into a fat separator to allow salad oil to rise to the top (about 5 minutes).  Pour off good marinade ingredients into a saucepan, reserving about 1/4 cup of the marinade for basting.  Pour salad oil with rosemary, thyme and minced garlic bits through a fine mesh sieve, and add herbs and garlic to the marinade ingredients.  Discard remaining salad oil.
Preheat oven to 350째 F.  Also preheat a large stainless frypan for about 3-4 minutes over medium-high heat on your stove (not a nonstick pan, and lightly oil the pan just before adding meat) and sear trip-tip in frypan until nicely caramelized, about 1 minute each side.
DANGER: WILL ROBINSON!!!  This will cause a LOT of initial smoke, so have those stove fans turned on HIGH, windows open and smoke detectors pulled OUT of the kitchen!  :-)
Transfer tri-tip, fat side down, to a roasting pan and finish in oven, glazing meat with reserved marinade every 15 minutes, until desired temperature is reached on an instant read thermometer (about 120째 F. for rare, 120 to 130째 F. for medium rare--my preferred temp--and 130 to 140째 F. for well done).  A 2 lb. tri-tip takes about 40 minutes.
Let tri-tip sit at least 15 minutes, then slice into 2- to 3-ounce portions and fan on serving platter.
While roast is cooking, add beef stock to the marinade ingredients in the saucepan, and simmer over medium heat until reduced by one half.  Strain through a fine sieve if you don't want the herbs and garlic in the sauce, and drizzle sauce over sliced meat.

Submitter: 
LINDA W.
Description: 
Tri-tips are relatively new to the East Coast, but this cut of meat is worth it if you can find it!  Tender and oh-so-good!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
