URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62060290/chocolate-lizzie-cake-with-caramel-filling/
Title:
Chocolate Lizzie Cake with Caramel Filling Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1860123.jpg
Ingredients:
Cake:
1 cup butter
2 cups sugar
4 eggs
2-1/2 cups all-purpose flour
1 cup buttermilk
1 tsp. baking soda
1/4 tsp. salt
4-1/2 squares unsweetened chocolate
1/2 cup boiling water
2 tsp. vanilla
1/4 tsp. lemon juice
Filling:
2-1/4 sticks butter
3 cups confectioners sugar
1 tsp. vanilla
1/4 tsp. lemon juice
2 cups sugar (superfine is best)
1 cup milk

Directions:
Cake:
1. Grease and flour three or four 8" or 9" round cake pans.
2. In a large mixing bowl, cream the butter and the sugar until smooth.
3. Add the eggs one at a time, beating after each addition.
4. Add the flour and buttermilk alternately while beating. Add the baking soda and salt, and mix until smooth.
5. Put the unsweetened chocolate in a small bowl and pour the boiling water over it. Stir until the chocolate is smooth and completely melted.
5. Add the melted chocolate, vanilla, and lemon juice to the batter and beat just until completely mixed, scraping down the sides of the bowl while beating.
6. Divide the batter evenly among the prepared cake pans and bake at 325ยบ for 15-20 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean.  Take care not to overcook; the more layers you make, the less cooking time will be required.
7. Cool the layers and frost each one with filling (recipe follows).
Filling:
1. Combine all ingredients in a large heavy saucepan and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly to avoid sticking.
2. Bring to a gentle boil and cook to 225ยบ (use a candy thermometer).  Be careful not to overcook, or the filling will be too hard when it cools down.
3.  Using a portable electric mixer, beat the filling for a few minutes while it is still cooking, and then remove the pan from the heat.
4. Set the pan into a large, deep bowl or sink of cold water and beat, beat, beat, beat, beat.  Change the water if it gets warm (you can add ice cubes to the water to keep it very cold). At first this seems to be just hot, hard work, but the filling will suddenly start to thicken as it begins to cool.
5. When the filling cools down to spreading consistency, pour it into a clean bowl, and it will continue to cool as you frost the top of each cake layer.
6. Stack the frosted layers atop each other. (Sides may be frosted if there is enough filling left over, or you can make 1-1/2 recipe if you know ahead of time that you will want to frost the sides.)
7. Garnish the top layer with chocolate curls or a very light dusting of cocoa. Store tightly covered to keep the cake moist, particularly if the sides are not frosted.  For the best flavor, do not refrigerate.  Because of the cooked frosting, this cake will last a long time without refrigeration, and it gets more delicious with each day that passes --but it won't last long!

Submitter: 
NCwriter
Description: 
Named for my great aunt Lizzie Trollinger, this rich, old-fashioned chocolate cake has made a regular appearance at special family gatherings for over 75 years.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1.5 h
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
