URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62067217/traditional-cold-italian-antipasto-platter/
Title:
Traditional Cold Italian Antipasto platter Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Amounts of each can be adjusted for how many people you will be serving.  Smaller amounts shown here.
Roasted red peppers homemade (2) or canned (1 can)
Artichoke hearts (marinated) homemade or canned (1 bag frozen or 1-2 cans marinated)
Fresh mozzerella (two large balls or two packages not fresh)
pepperoni (1 average size stick)
salami (1/4 pound)
provolone (optional) (1/4 of pound)
prosciutto (optional) (1/4 of pound)
hot red peppers (italian style) canned (1 can)
hot stuffed green peppers (optional) (1 can) or 6-12 homemade
Olives..... various types plain or stuffed preferably oil cured (1-2 cans)
marinated veggies (cauliflower etc.) (1 can) optional
2-3 large loaves of quality italian bread
For making things homemade you will need 1 bottle olive oil
Some vinegar (your choice)
Various chopped fresh or dried herbs (basil thyme etc.)
Jars or tupperware containers
Olive oil for drizzling ]
almonds or ricotta salata or provolone for stuffing olives ...... this is optional

Directions:
If things are made homemade cook time will be various 1 hour to roast peppers and a couple of days to marinate vegetables.  If store bought cook time is none.
All instructions for things that can be bought canned or homeade are perfectly good bought canned.
1. If you want to make your own roasted red peppers simply drizzle some whole red peppers with oil.  Now put in the oven at around 400 degrees.  When the peppers are burnt on the outside and soft take out of oven. place in plastic bags. After a few minutes (when coole enough to handle) take from plastic bags and peel off skin. Remove seeds etc. from inside.  Cut or break into sizes for eating. Drizzle with oil and or herbs. Set aside Or you can buy canned.
2.Making artichokes heart from a fresh artichoke is easy but complicated so I'll give instructions for frozen here.  Buy a bag of frozen artichokes.  Cook according to packages directions.  When artichokes are just warm drizzle with olive oil and a touch of vinegar.  Place with chopped garlic and some herbs in jar container etc. for at least a few days (in fridge?). or you can buy canned
3.Fresh mozzarella is easy.  Buy from local store or if they don't have fresh use regular.  Chop slice into wedges or chop into bite sized pieces and drizzle lightly with olive oil.
4. Easy slice pepperoni into disks (remove paper coating).
5. Salami is easy ask deli man to slice it or buy a hunk and slice into wedges or pieces.
6. prosciutto is easy this is often bought presliced (thin) from the deli or italian grocer.
8. Olives are easy I don't reccomend curing (fresh) your own.  Buy already packaged olives.... preferably in oil.  In water if your family friendss etc. like weaker flavor.  Buy various types black, red (calamata) etc. You can buy them stuffed with cheeses or almonds or plain.  Stuffing them yourself is easy.
Diced hot italian red peppers are best bought canned (in olive oil or etc.) as pepperoncini fresh are sometimes hard to find in America.
6. For the marinated veggies (homemade) simply buy carrots and cauliflower or other veggies of your choice. Steam them or boil them untill just cookes (cauliflower ins mall florets carrots in small sticks).... Now place in oil and vinegar and some herbs etc. (garlic?) and marinate for a few days. These are also perfectly good canned.
7.Stuffed Italian peppers are best bought empty canned or fresh stuffed from an italian grocery as they too (another type of pepperoncini) are hard to find (fresh) in America.
So.... for hot pepperoncini buy the plain red canned type.  Chopped into pieces. For stuffed (green) pepperoncini buy the empty canned type for stuffing or freshly stuffed from an italian grocery speicalty store etc. To stuff yourself simply place a slice of salami and a

Submitter: 
FRIENDLYFOOD
Description: 
This is a recipe for the tradiotional cold antipasto (italian) platter. It can be served as hors d'oeuvres.  Often served by Italian families around the holidays before a meal. For a small gathering or light eaters it can be a meal in and of itself.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
various
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
