URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62066866/best-sugarbutter-cookies/
Title:
Best Sugar/Butter cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup powdered sugar
1 cup granulated sugar
6 ounces cream cheese
2 sticks unsalted butter
1 teaspoon or 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 1/4 cups flour
powdered sugar for icing

Directions:
First cream the butter and cream cheese and sugars together.
Stir in vanilla.
Next incorporate flour.
Be careful not to overwork dough.
When dough is well worked place in refrigerator and chill overnight or....
--Next preheat oven to 350
roll out your dough (to about 1/4 inch thicker or thinner depending on preference)
and cut in any shape you choose .... the dough is fragile this is what contributes to a good cookie don't incorporate too much flour in it..... if you don't have/like cookie cutter dough can be cut into rectangles and then folded in the middle like a bow.
Place cookies on a lightly greased or parchment paper (my preference is parchment paper) covered cookie sheet.  Don't space cookies too far apart or too close together.
Bake in oven untill cookies are golden brown around edges but still light on top.  Cooking times vary based on size and density of your cookies. 10 minutes at least is to be expected.
Thinner cookies will come out crispier and thicker cookies softer.
--Next when cookies are cooled ice with your favorite confecitoner sugar icing in various colors shapes etc. or ice with a thin white cofectioners sugar icing and sprinkle with nonpareils. Or sprinkle with powdered sugar or roll cookies in cinnamon sugar before baking.

Submitter: 
FRIENDLYFOOD
Description: 
Hi this is the best recipe for sugar cookies...... they're very buttery so maybe they're better called butter cookies..... the result is light and flaky and buttery.... the dough is not toooo sweet so is best served with icing or powdered or granulated sugar etc. unless you like unsweet cookies..... :)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
