URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62068764/chicken-and-brocolli-hot-pockets/
Title:
chicken and brocolli hot pockets Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Bread
1 1/2 cups warm water
2 1/4 teaspoons rapid rising dry yeast
2 teaspoons sugar
2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
2 teaspoons onion salt
2 teaspoons rosemary, crushed
2 tablespoons flax seed, ground in coffee grinder
2 tablespoons wheat germ
2 tablespoons oat bran
3 1/2 cups white flour
Filling
10 ounces chunk white chicken in water, canned
3 tablespoons bacon bits
10 1/2 ounces 98% fat free cream of mushroom soup
1 1/2 cups shredded cheddar cheese
1 cup chopped broccoli, frozen
1/2 medium onion, chopped
1 tablespoon cooking wine
salt and pepper, to taste

Directions:
1. Bread dough: combine warm water, yeast, and sugar and let sit for 2 minutes.  Add oil, salt, rosemary, flax seed, wheat germ, oat bran and 1/2 cup of the flour and mix for two minutes with electric mixer.  Slowly add enough of remaining flour to be able to handle.  Turn out on floured board and knead for 5 min. adding enough flour to keep from sticking.
2. Let rise for 20 minutes.  Punch down, divide into two halves.  Roll out each half of the dough to large, thin rectangle and cut  with pizza cutter into six sections to each rectangle.
3. Filling: In saucepan, spray with buttery flavored non-stick cooking spray and stir fry onion and broccoli until onion is clear and brocoli is lightly cooked through.  Add remaining ingredients and heat through until cheese is melted.
4. Drop 1/4 of the broccoli/chicken mixture on each piece of dough and wrap dough around filling and pinch together until sealed.  Lay each sandwich on a cookie sheet sprayed with non-stick spray and bake in preheated 425 degree oven for 15 minutes.
There will be a  couple squares of dough left over.  I fill them with sliced lunch meat and cheese.  You can use this with just about any filling you can come up with, plus you can try adding sundried tomatoes to the dough instead of Rosemary, or some other herbs, garlic, or whatever your imagination comes up with.  Try a breakfast one with scrambled eggs, cream cheese, seasoned salt, bacon bits, and shredded cheddar cheese. Lots of things you can do with it!
If you don't have the flax seed, wheat germ, or oat bran, just add an equal amount of flour.  I add these for the nutritional value and fiber.
Either serve immediately or completely cool, put in sandwich bags and store in large freezer bag in the freezer.  Take one out at a time and warm up in the microwave for a quick lunch or a lunch on the go.  Nice to have on hand for the kids or husband to grab and heat up themselves.

Submitter: 
Ginn
Description: 
My family likes hot pockets. But it gets expensive to buy them so I came up with my own recipe for them.  Easy meal in bread pockets that you can make ahead, freeze, and microwave later. Great for those on the go.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
