URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62062318/watermelon-pickles/
Title:
Watermelon Pickles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 Quarts/16 cups Watermelon Rind cut into 1-inch  cubes (all traces of the red flesh and green rind should be cut away)
2 Gallons Water
1 cup canning salt
2 cups white vinegar (5% acidity)
3 cups white granulated sugar
3 sticks cinnamon
1 teaspoon whole cloves
1 teaspoon whole allspice
1 lemon thinly sliced
12-14 Marschino cheeries (cut in halves)

Directions:
Place the watermelon rind in a large bowl or container along with 1 gallon of the water and all of the pickling salt.  Stir to dissolve the salt.  Cover and let stand 12 hours or overnight.  It can stand at room temperature or in the refrigerator.  After adequate soaking time has passed, drain the rind and rinse well.  Place the rind in a stockpot and cover with the remaining gallon of water.  Cook the rind until it is tender.  Drain the rind and set it aside.  Combine the cinnamon sticks, allspice, and cloves in cheescloth or spice bag.  Add the vinegar, sugar, spice bag, and lemon slices to the stock pot.  Stir until sugar is dissolved.  Taste the syrup, if more sugar is desired it should be added now.  Bring to a boil and simmer for ten minutes.  Add the watermelon rind and the cherries to the pot.  Bring back to a boil and simmer until the rind is transparent, about 5-10 minutes.  Remove the spice bag.  If desired one piece of clove and allspice, along with a sliver of cinnamon stick can be added to each jar.  Pack the watermelon rind into hot sterilized jars, leave a 1/4 inch headspace, and secure with the 2-piece lid.  Process the packed jars in a boiling water bath for ten minutes.  Remove the jars and allow to cool overnight.  Check the seals on the jars before wiping off and storing.

Submitter: 
KERYNE
Description: 
Watermelon pickle is made using the white part of the watermelon's rind.  It is delicious by itself as a winter treat or as a condiment with turnip greens or turkey and cornbread dessing.  Homecanning is a delightful cooking experience but it requires equipment such as a canner (very large pot), a rack for the jars to rest in, and the jars and lids.  I recommend following the homecanning guidance in the 'Ball Blue Book of Preserving' to obtain precise instructions on how to sterilize jars and guarentee results that are tasty and safe.  Many retailers sell homecanning kits that include all of c
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
14 h
Ready in:
15 h
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
