URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62068195/pepper-lovers-beer-delight/
Title:
Pepper Lover's Beer Delight Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 Green Bell Peppers (Seeded & thin lengthwise slices)
2 Sweet Red Bell Peppers (Seeded & thin lengthwise slices)
1 Sweet Yellow Bell Pepper (Seeded & thin lengthwise slices)
6-8 Hot Banana Peppers (Halved and seeded)
5 Jalapeno peppers (thin slices)(optional)
1 Medium Onion (Sliced thin)
1 Large Tomato (skinned and sliced thin)
2 Lbs. Smoked Sausage or Kielbasa (1/2in. slices)
1 12oz can of Beer
5 Tbsp. Yellow Mustard

Directions:
Layer the bottom of a high sided microwave safe casserole dish with the sliced sausage. Over the top of the sausage add each type of pepper in layers starting from hottest to mildest.
Add the onion and the tomato so it is on top.
In a glass, add the can of beer and stir in the 3 tbsp of mustard. Mix it well. It will not be a smooth mixture but don't worry. Pour this mixture over the top of the all the veggies and meat until it is gone.
Cover the top of the casserole dish tightly with plastic wrap.
Microwave for 15 minutes on high and then rotate. Put back in microwave for another 10 minutes. Let stand in microwave for 5 minutes. CAREFULLY remove plastic wrap! All veggies should be tender.
Serve on plate and maybe add a few small squirts of mustard over the top and scoop some of the beer mixture out of the casserole dish and spoon it over the portion on the plate.
I prefer a little more mustard on mine than my wife does and I like the jalapeno peppers too but they aren't a part of our original recipe. This is even better the next day.

Submitter: 
PHONETEK
Description: 
For those of you who love peppers you will love this dish. It has a nice mixture of different types of peppers and gives you a little Hot and a little Sweet. We make this in the fall when we have the big pepper boom in our garden so we can use them up. It isn't for the weak handed because there is a lot of chopping involved in this one.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
55 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
