URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62060672/authentic-paella-valenciana/
Title:
Authentic Paella Valenciana Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 chicken
1/2 rabbit
1 head of garlic
1 can of butter beans
1/2 package of frozen peas
1/2 package of frozen green beans
1 tomato
approx 10 cups of rice (depending on rice)
salt (to taste)
paprika (to taste)
Azafran (saffron)
thyme (to taste)
rosemary (to taste)

Directions:
First and foremost you will need a special paella pan called a paellera or just a paella. If you don't know where to find one, Ebay sells them. Trust me after you taste this you'll be glad you bought the special pan.
-Coat the paella pan with a layer of olive oil and begin to cook the rabbit and chicken with the head of garlic untill they are all browned. Rabbit can be very hard to find so you can just use a whole chicken instead. It also may be easier to use boneless chicken but then you don't get any fun extras, like hearts and livers. If you do use the hearts and livers don't put them in untill later as they cook very fast. They will however add a nice flaver to the rest of the dish.
-When the meat and garlic is nice and browned move them to the outer edge. grade the tomato to make a pulp. add the tomato pulp along with the rest of the vegetables to the center of the pan and sprinkle with paprika before mixing. In Spain 3 similar vegetables come in a package that you can just add. These vegetables I have listed are the closest thing I could find so just mix them to equal about what you find in a normal sized frozen vegetable bag.
-Next add cups of water untill it is almost to the brim. (record the amount of water you put in because all paella pans are different sizes.)Boil mixture for approx 45min to 1 hour until a good broth is made. Add a good amount of salt and sprinkle in the saffron untill mixture is a yellowish color. constantely taste mixture while adding salt and/or water appropriatly. The goal is to make a rich tasting broth that will soak into the rice to make it delicious.

Submitter: 
Jason Nelson
Description: 
I lived in Spain for 2 years where I was taught the art of making the Paella which originated in Valencia. I haven't found anything on here which is even close to authentic, so I thought I would add this recipie for those who would like to try a taste of Spain
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
