URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62072015/deluxe-shepherds-pie/
Title:
Deluxe Shepherds Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/3 cups Bisquick
1/4 cup water
2 eggs
1 cup shredded cheddar cheese, can use other types or omit if needed
1 1/4 lbs ground meat, either beef or turkey, even pork or pork sausage or combination
1 -15 to 16 oz-can of mixed vegetables, I like Veg-All, drained or 2 cups thawed frozen mixed vegetables
1 medium onion diced or 2 Tbs of onion flakes
1 clove garlic chopped or 1 tsp dried minced garlic
2 beef bouillion cubes dissolved in 2 cups hot water or 2 cups beef broth
3 Tbs cornstarch dissolved in 1/4 cup cold water
1/4 tsp ground black pepper
1/2 tsp poultry seasoning or 1/4 tsp each thyme and sage
Salt to taste
6 servings mashed potatoes from a mix or 3 cups scratch mashed potatoes, warm
1/2 cup shredded cheddar cheese

Directions:
Heat Oven to 400 degrees. Spray 13x9 pan with cooking spray.
Prepare mashed potatoes as package directs, set aside.
Mix Bisquick, eggs, and water in bowl until no large lumps remain. Mix in cheese,if using, and spread in prepared pan. Set aside.
Brown off the meat with fresh onion and garlic in a large skillet until completely cooked and drain in a colander. Set aside.
Heat the beef broth in the same skillet until a boil, if using dried onion and garlic, add now. Thicken the broth by  slowly adding the cornstarch mixture into the simmering broth while stirring. Add spices. Mixure should resemble a clear gravy. Add the drained meat and the mixed vegetables. Mix well.
Spoon on the meat-vegetable mixture over the Bisquick layer. Top with mashed potatoes, spreading to the edges. Bake in Preheated oven 20 minutes until crust puffs around the edges and mixture is bubbling. Top with cheese if desired in the last 5 minutes.

Submitter: 
fitforaqueenclothing.com
Description: 
Shepherds Pie can be hard to serve neatly, but this one has an easy bottom crust that makes serving and clean up a snap! Includes suggestions for using what you have on hand. I even used the beef seasoning packet from the ramen soup noodles I save instead of beef bouillion cubes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
22
Ready in:
45
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
