URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62079660/houlhans-shrooms/
Title:
Houlhan's Shrooms Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Herb Cheese Filling:
1/8 tsp dried savory
1/8 tsp salt
1/8 tsp garlic powder
dash dried parsley
dash dried tarragon
dash ground pepper
1/3 cup whipped cream cheese
6 to 8 large button mushrooms
1/2 tsp cayenne pepper
1 cup flour
1 1/2 tsp salt
1 cup milk
Vegetale oil for frying
Dipping Sauce:
1/2 cup Mayo
2 tsp Dijon mustard
1 tsp white vinegar
1 tsp prepared horseradish
1/2 tsp sugar

Directions:
1. Combine savory, garlic powder, 1/8 tsp salt, parsley, tarragon, and pepper in a small bowl. Crush into small pieces, but do not pulverize into powder.
2.Combine spice mixture into the cream cheese and let sit for at least 15 minutes to blend flavors.
3. Clean mushrooms and remove the stems, leaving only the caps.
4. Use a teaspoon to fill the mushroom caps with the cheese mixture.
5.Combine the flour and cayenne pepper in a small bowl.
6. Pour milk into another small bowl.
7. Dip each mushroom into the milk then into the flour.  Do this twice so that each mushroom has a double coating of flour.
8. Put coated mushrooms into the freezer for at least 3 hours.  This will keep the coating from falling off, and will keep the cheese inside from expanding too fast and leaking out of the mushroom while frying.
9. meanwhile, make the dipping sauce bu combining all of the ingredients in a small bowl.  Cover and keep chilled until ready to use.
10. When mushrooms have frozen, heat oil in deep fryer o 350 degrees.  Use enough oil to completely cover the mushrooms. Fry mushrooms for 8-10 minutes or until outside turns golden brown.  Drain mushrooms on a rack or paper towel.  Let mushrooms sit a couple of minutes before serving, they will be very hot inside.  Serve with dipping sauce on the side.
11. Tip: If you're feeling lazy, rather than make your own cheese filling you can purchase one of the 4 oz preblended herb cheeses made by Rondele or Alouette.  For a lighter version lower fat cream cheese can be used.

Submitter: 
JOJO121864
Description: 
Mushroom caps filled with herb and garlic cheese, lightly battered and fried. These can be prepared ahead and kept frozen for several weeks.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
3+ h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
