URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62072260/pumpkin-cheesecake/
Title:
Pumpkin Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Crust:
2 cups Graham Wafer Crumbs
¼ cup sugar
½ cup melted butter or margarine
Filling:
1 ¾ cups cooked mashed pumpkin
2 - 8 oz. pkgs. Cream cheese (lite cream cheese works too)
2 cups sour cream (lite sour cream works too)
1 cup white sugar
1 tsp. salt
1 tsp. cinnamon
1 tsp. ground ginger
1 tsp. vanilla extract
4 eggs
Topping:
1 pint whipping cream
1 tsp. Vanilla Instant Pudding
2 Tblsp. sugar
Whole pecans (optional)

Directions:
1.   In a medium bowl, combine Graham Wafer Crumbs and sugar.  Mix well.  Drizzle melted butter or margarine over crumb mixture and quickly mix until even.  Pour into 10” springform pan and press firmly into bottom.  Bake 10 minutes at 325º F.  Remove from oven.
2.    While crust is baking, combine all filling ingredients in large mixer bowl.  Beat together on medium speed until smooth.  Be sure to scrape bottom and sides of bowl frequently to ensure even mixing.
3.    Pour filling over hot crust and return the pan to the oven.  Bake at 325º F for 1 hour or until cheesecake peaks in the centre.
4.    Remove from oven and cool to room temperature before removing sides of pan.  Slip cheesecake off the pan base onto a serving plate.  Cover loosely with plastic wrap and chill in fridge at least 2 hours before serving.
5.   Blend the Vanilla Instant Pudding with 2 tsp. of the whipping cream until smooth.  Add the remainder of the whipping cream and the 2 Tblsp. of sugar and whip with a rotary mixer until desired stiffness is reached.  Spread on chilled cheesecake and decorate with pecans.

Submitter: 
SEAMSTERRIFIC
Description: 
Some people insist this fluffy, baked cheesecake tastes like peanut butter, although there is no peanut butter in the recipe.  Perhaps the lightly sweetened blend of cream cheese, sour cream and pumpkin with a hint of cinnamon, ginger and vanilla, contributes to the tasty illusion.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
80 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
