URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62070804/smokin-scovilles-turkey-chili/
Title:
Smokin' Scovilles Turkey Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 onion, chopped
5 cloves garlic, minced
2 small green bell peppers, chopped
2 pounds lean ground turkey
2 tablespoons chili powder
2 teaspoons crushed red pepper
1 tablespoon paprika
1 tablespoon ground cumin
2 teaspoons oregano
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 packet hot cocoa mix
2 teaspoons Season-All (seasoned salt)
1 tablespoon worchestershire sauce
1 teaspoon Liquid Smoke
12 cup beer (the cheaper the better)
2 14.5 ounce cans Delmonte Diced
Tomatoes with Zesty Jalapenos
1 8 ounce can tomato sauce
1 15 oz. can red kidney beans, drained
1 4.5 ounce can yellow corn
1 habanero pepper, diced
1 tablespoon hot pepper sauce

Directions:
1. In a large sauce pan, cook onions, garlic, habanero and green bell peppers in olive oil until tender, about 3-5 minutes. Stir, and push to one side of the pot. Add ground turkey to empty side of the pan, cover and cook over medium heat about 5 minutes or until the meat browns, stirring occasionally. When meat is almost browned, stir everthing together so the garlic and onions don't burn.
2. Add chili powder, crushed red pepper, hot cocoa mix, oregano, paprika, cumin, black pepper, and Season-All and stir into the meat. Next, add worchestershire sauce, Liquid Smoke, diced tomatoes, tomato sauce and kidney beans to the meat mixture and stir in. Then crack open a beer, and stir in about 13 of the can.(Drink the rest if you wish). Partially cover, and simmer over medium heat for about 50 minutes, stirring every ten minutes or so.
3. Add the corn and hot pepper sauce, stir, and simmer for ten more minutes. Remove from heat and allow to cool for a few minutes before serving.
Hint: Try melting a tablespoon of whipped cream cheese into each dish. Hoo boy! Also, drink beer with lime. The acidity seems to help calm the assault on your taste buds when it gets to be too much. Enjoy!!!...It's well worth what you will go through the next morning.

Submitter: 
JIMBOLYA
Description: 
This is a hearty and relatively low-fat chili recipe that is guaranteed to satisfy even the most sadistic spicy food lover...REAL MAN FOOD. (For those with wimpier taste buds, omit the Habenero pepper).
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1 hr. 25 m
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
