URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62070355/dill-pickle-chicken/
Title:
Dill Pickle Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Four chicken leg quarters, thighs and legs separated, skin on
(Four six ounce chicken breasts skin and/or bone removed may be substituted if you are fat concious)
Season Salt
Black Pepper
2 Tbsp olive oil
1/2 cup balsamic vinegar
1 (14.5 oz) can stewed tomatoes (nust be stewed)
1/2 cup of finely chopped dill pickles

Directions:
Sprinkle both sides of the chicken pieces with the season salt and black pepper.  Heat the olive oil in an oven proof pot over med-high heat.  Brown the chicken on both sides for about 5 mins per side until golden brown.  Remove to a plate (and if you are using skin-on chicken drain accumulated fat from pot).  Place pot back on heat, and deglaze brown bits from bottom of pan with balsamic vinegar.  When vinegar is reduced by half and looks syrupy, add the can of stewed tomatoes and the dill pickle.  Bring sauce to a simmmer, breaking the larger pieces of tomato into smaller pieces with a spoon.  Add the browned chicken back in, skin side down, and cover tightly with lid or tinfoil.  Place in a 400 degree oven for 45 minutes, turning the chicken and stirring the sauce once during this time.  After 45 mins, remove the cover, and allow sauce to cook down another 10-15 mins until thick.  If using skin on chicken, skim any accumulated grease from the top of the sauce before serving.
I like to serve this over plain noodles, sometimes topping it with cheddar cheese.  Use bread for dipping.  Yum, yum, yum, Enjoy!

Submitter: 
MSMUM1977
Description: 
A succulent chicken dish that has a thick rich tangy sauce perfect for dipping crusty bread!  It is super simple and uses ingredients most households always have on hand.  Although dill pickles are added, the dish it doesn't taste a bit like pickles...however, they definitely make the dish adding a special something. Warning - this a lick-your-fingers recipe!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
1 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
