URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62071270/clone-of-krispy-kreme-donut/
Title:
Clone of Krispy Kreme Donut Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Dougnuts:
2 packages of yeast
1/4 cup water (105-115 degrees)
1 1/2 cups lukewarm milk (scalded, then cooled)
1/2 cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 eggs
1/3 cup shortening
5 cups all purpose flour
vegetable oil
Icing:
2/3 cup butter
4 cups powdered sugar
3 teaspoons vanilla
hot water
Chocolate Frosting:
1/3 cup butter
2 cups powdered sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla
hot water
4 ounces milk chocolate chips or semi-sweet chocolate chips

Directions:
Donuts:
Dissolve yeast in warm water in a 2 1/2-quart bowl. Let stand 10 minutes until foam appears, this indicates the yeast is active.
Then add milk, sugar, eggs, shortening and 2 cups of the flour. Beat on low for 30 seconds, scraping bowl constantly. Beat on medium speed for 2 minutes, scraping bowl occasionally. Stir in remaining flour.
Cover and let rise until double, 50-60 minutes.
After dough has risen, turn onto floured surface; roll around lightly to coat with flour. Gently roll dough 1/2-inch thick with floured rolling pin. Cut with floured doughnut cutter.
Cover and let rise until double, 30-40 minutes.
Heat vegetable oil in deep fryer or other type of skillet to 350 degrees. Slide doughnuts into hot oil with a wide spatula. Fry doughnuts until golder brown, about 1 minute on each side. Carefully remove from oil (don't prick surface); drain.
Let cool for a few minutes, the dip into the icing, turning to coat both sides. Set on rack to cool.
If you would like, you can add the chocolate frosting on top of the icing. Just let the donut cool a little more and then spread or dip the choclate frosting on the donut.
Dip in sprinkles or other toppings after the chocolate has set.
You can do a many various toppings to suit your tastes.
If you would like to make filled donuts, use a regular cutter without the hole in the middle. Follow same cooking directions. When donuts have cooled completely, fill with desired filling.
Icing:
Heat butter till melted. Remove from heat.
Stir in powdered sugar and vanilla until smooth. Stir in water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until desired consistency.
Chocolate Frosting:
Heat butter and chocolate over low heat until chocolate is melted. Remove from heat.
Stir in powdered sugar and vanilla until smooth. Stir in water 1 tablespoon at a time, until desired consistency.

Submitter: 
Samantha Carroll
Description: 
I used to love eatting Krispy Kreme donuts, but since moving to Canada, I haven't been able to get them here. So I played around with this recipe and they taste great! My family and friends love them and cannot get enough.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
2 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
