URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62078947/easy-chicken-bake/
Title:
Easy Chicken Bake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 skinned chicken breasts, cubed (bite sized)
1 large can cream of mushroom soup
1 can of mushroom pieces (Drained)
1 large sweet onion, chopped
1 can Durkees French Onions
1 teaspoon of celery seed
1 tablespoon of olive oil
pepper to taste
3 to 4 cups of favorite cheese I use motzerella or colby jack.
1 package of noodles, I like the mini egg noodles.

Directions:
Cook package of noodles according to directions for aldente.
While the noodles are cooking, chop the chicken breasts into bite sized chunks and lightly sear in olive oil.  (The chicken does not need to be fully cooked because you're also going to bake it.)
Place seared chicken into big bowl, then cook the chopped onion just till it starts getting glassy in the same pan you seared the chicken in.  This is when I add the celery seed as well.  Pour this into the bowl with the chicken  and add the mushrooms and cream of mushroom soup.  Stir well.
Then add half the cheese and half of the Durkees Fried Onions, stir again and set aside.
Drain the noodles and spread in bottom of 9 x 13 pan, sprayed with Pam.  Pour mixture over the top of the noodles and spread evenly and to edge of pan to completely cover all noodles but try not to "mix" with noodles.
Sprinkle top with the rest of the cheese then sprinkle with the rest of the Durkees Fried Onion.  Pop into a preheated 350 oven for 35 minutes on center rack.  (Bottom rack burns noodles, top rack burns the fried onions!)

Submitter: 
Jenny Mazock
Description: 
This is great to get ready early, put in fridge then pop in oven to cook later in the day or even the next day.  You can also cut left overs into serving size portions, it freezes beautifully for quick lunches.  If you want a little extra kick, add a can of rotel tomatoes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
