URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62079577/jules-crazy-good-burger-stew/
Title:
JULES' CRAZY GOOD BURGER STEW Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1.5 lbs ground chuck or lean ground beef
1 large red bell pepper, diced
1 large or 2 medium yellow onions, diced
3 tbsp olive oil
1 can cream of celery soup
1 quart beef stock (Kitchen Basics brand)
1 large can crushed tomatoes
3 cups fresh carrots, large chop (more if your pot will hold it)
3 cups yukon gold potatoes, large chop (more if your pot will hold it)
1 cup chopped celery
1-2 tsp dried basil
1 tbsp chili powder
Kosher salt
Black pepper
2-3 tbsp dried parsley
1 tsp lemon juice

Directions:
(Note:  If you cannot find beef stock, use beef broth but be careful to adjust the amount of salt you use)
I prefer to salt as I go, salting lightly each large addition.  I've found that this creates a depth of flavor.
In a large dutch oven over medium heat saute' the diced onion and red pepper in the olive oil until onion is translucent.  Salt lightly.  Blend well and add burger.  Brown burger just slightly.  Do not drain the juices.  Add the beef stock to the pan, then add the can of cream of celery soup and the can of crushed tomatoes.  Blend well, until cream of celery is incorporated liquid is smooth.  Add the basil, chili powder, carrots, celery and potatoes.  Stir well and let simmer until veggies are tender.  The flavors will meld as you allow stew to simmer.  Taste for salt and add black pepper and dried parsley.  Right before serving, add a tsp of lemon juice.  This will 'brighten up' all the flavors without adding a lemon taste.
The stew will thicken as it simmers and is even more rich and flavorful the next day.  Great leftovers.  Freezes well.

Submitter: 
JulesDiner
Description: 
An easy peasy recipe for a rich beef stew which is made with burger rather than stew meat.  I created this recipe specifically for ease of preparation and flavor.  My husband and our young son love it.  The red pepper adds a special rich flavor.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1.5 h
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
