URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62078414/groumet-chocolate-volcano-and-raspberrie-coulis/
Title:
Groumet Chocolate Volcano and Raspberrie Coulis Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Chocolate Cake
15 tablespoons butter
1 cup semisweet chocolate morsels
4 eggs
4 egg yolks
1 1/2 cups powdered sugar, sifted
3/4 cup flour
Fresh raspberries and mint, for garnish
Raspberry Coulis
1 package (12 ounces) frozen raspberries, thawed
2 tablespoons sugar
1/2 cup orange juice

Directions:
Chocolate Cake
Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Use 1 tablespoon butter to grease five ramekins (8-ounce capacity each). Set aside.
Melt remaining 14 tablespoons butter and the chocolate in a double boiler over simmering water. Stir until melted. Remove from heat and cool slightly.
With an electric mixer or by hand, beat eggs and egg yolks in a large mixing bowl until thick and lemon-colored. Add powdered sugar and beat. Add flour and beat again until smooth. Beat in chocolate mixture. Divide mixture evenly among the five buttered ramekins.
Bake for 10 to 12 minutes or until the tops start to crack (too much cracking is a sign of overcooking). It should be slightly undercooked in the middle. Let stand for exactly 8 minutes. Turn upside down onto a serving plate and remove mold. Garnish with fresh raspberries and mint. Serve immediately with Raspberry Coulis (see below).
Raspberry Coulis
Combine ingredients in a blender and blend until pureed. Strain mixture through a sieve to remove seeds. If desired, put mixture in a squeeze bottle to squirt designs on plate. Keeps refrigerated up to a week.
Approximate values per serving: 832 calories, 52 g fat, 407 mg cholesterol, 11 g protein, 88 g carbohydrates, 7 g fiber, 400 mg sodium, 54 percent calories from fat.

Submitter: 
SARBEK
Description: 
Delicious, gourmet, individual chocolate cakes the burst with chocolate liquid from the centre.  Topped a raspberry coulis
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
32 min
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
