URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62077870/catherines-chicken-dumplings/
Title:
Catherine's Chicken & Dumplings Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Broth
1 large fryer chicken (toss giblet pack)
1 large yellow onion peeled, cut in half
6 carrots cleaned and cut in half
4-5 stalks celery with leaves cleaned and cut in half
5-6 beef bouillion cubes
1 clove garlic peeled
2 cups flour
4 tablespoons shortening
salt

Directions:
In a large soup pot add your whole chicken, onions, carrots, celery, garlic, and bouillion cubes.  Add enough water to cover meat and vegetables by 1 inch.  Bring to boil, cover and simmer for 2 hours. Add water if necessary.  After 2 hours, pour the broth through a colander into another large pot so as to separate the broth from the chicken and vegetables.  Put broth in refrigerator over night and skim fat off top the next morning.  In the meantime, debone chicken and store in fridge over night. I also cut up some of the carrots and add them to the shredded chicken. Throw everything else away.  After you've skimmed the fat off the broth, bring it to a boil and drop dumplings in one at a time and boil for 20-30 minutes, stirring occassionally.  Then add meat/carrots and serve when meat is hot.
Dumplings
Put flour along with 2 tablespoons of salt in a large mixing bowl and cut in shortening.  Then add 4-5 tablespoons of water and mix well adding a little more water if needed.  Turn dough onto counter and kneed till soft.  Then spread flour and roll out your dough very thin - I use a pizza cutter to cut bite sized squares - while they are still heavily floured, drop dumplings into boiling broth (before meat is added) and let them cook about 30 minutes then add meat and eat.  Also, depending on how much broth you have, you may want to double the dumpling recipe (usually the case for me since my boys love the dumplings).
Now, I know it's already been two days - but I promise the leftovers are even better than the first day.  The dumplings really absorb the broth overnight.  Also, if you don't care about skimming the fat, then you can make the whole thing in one day.  Just put the broth back on the stove and bring to a boil, make and begin cooking dumplings then debone chicken, put meat in broth with dumplings and eat.

Submitter: 
cmccreight
Description: 
Comfort food doesn't get any better than this. It's very easy but takes some time and effort but it is well worth the trouble.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
