URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62073253/traditional-german-apple-cake/
Title:
Traditional German Apple Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 cups flour
4 tsp baking powder
3/4 cup granulated sugar
2 pkg. vanilla sugar (available at Cost Plus World Market, or other fine food store)
dash salt
2 eggs
1 1/2 tbl milk
2 sticks butter
1 egg
2 tbl milk
3 lbs. tart apples
3/8 cup granulated sugar
1 1/2 tsp cinnamon
3 tbl raisins
2 tbl rum

Directions:
In large bowl combine flour and baking powder.  Add sugar, vanilla sugar, and salt.  While mixer is running on low, add butter by cutting it into small flecks or pieces.  In small bowl combine eggs and milk.  Add to flour mixture.  Stop mixer and now mix everything by hand to a smooth dough.  It should not stick.  Wrap in plastic and chill 30 minutes.
Prepare filling by combining in a large bowl the apples, sugar, cinnamon, and raisins that have been soaked in rum.  Set aside.
Roll out 3/4 of the chilled dough and press it into the bottom and sides of an 11 1/2" springform pan, making sure to work up the sides about 2".  Prick w/fork several times.  Bake at 375 degrees 10-15 minutes.  Add apple mixture.  Roll out remaining dough and place on top of apple mixture, sealing edges.  In small bowl combine 1 egg and 2 tbl milk.  Brush all over top of cake.  Prick top all over w/fork.  Sprinkle bit of sugar over top.  Bake uncovered at 375 degrees; cover w/foil and bake additional 35-45 minutes, until apples are done.  Remove and cool on wire rack.  Serve slices warm with fresh whipped cream.

Submitter: 
MISS ALIX
Description: 
For any Germans out there, this is the real thing!  A traditional Apfelkuchen that's baked in a springform pan, has a crust somewhat similar to an American pie, and is served with fresh whipped cream.  Just like you'd find in a Konditorei or cafe in Germany.  Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
60 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
