URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62072661/spring-pasta-with-haricot-verts-spinach-and-sundried-tomatoes/
Title:
Spring Pasta with Haricot Verts, Spinach and Sundried Tomatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
200g dry spaghetti noodles
6 sundried tomatoes packaged in oil
100g haricots verts (thin green beans)
50g frozen spinach
2 tablespoons dried oregano
1 tablespoon dried basil
1 teaspoon thyme
1 tablespoon garlic powder
1/2 lemon
2 tablespoons parmesan cheese (more can be added to taste)
salt to taste (I use around 1 tablespoon)

Directions:
1. Prepare pasta as directed on package and set aside.
2. Cook green beans and frozen spinach in boiling water until beans are soft but still crisp. They should be bendable but crack when pressure is applied. (about 1O minutes)
3. Strain the vegetable mixture being carefull to squeeze all liquid from spinach.
4. Pour olive oil into a deep frying pan.  Pour in green beans and spinach. Mix with a wooden spoon until everything is coated with oil. Cook on medium high for around 5 minutes or until sizzling. Sprinkle with a generous squeeze of lemon, the garlic powder, salt to taste, and half the dried herbs. Leave on low flame as you chop the sundried tomatoes. Do not squeeze out oil.
5.Stir in pasta and add sundried tomatoes. Stir well and cook on low until the pasta is hot. Add remaining herbs and salt to taste. Squeeze lemon generously over pasta.
6. Turn off heat and sprinkle with parmesan cheese. Mix with a wooden spoon ensuring that the herbs and cheese are well distributed throughout the pasta.
7. Serve hot with a dry white wine.

Submitter: 
SBUDSKY
Description: 
This is a fresh, summery spaghetti dish that I created after having had way too many bland vegetarian pastas in restaurants. As it is flavored with olive oil, lemon, and spices rather than a heavy tomato sauce, it's a nice, light tasting alternative to standard spaghetti and marinara sauce. (recipe uses metric units)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
