URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62075892/yeast-doughnuts/
Title:
Yeast Doughnuts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For Doughnuts:
1 1/2 cups milk
2 1/2 ounces (~ 1/3 cup) vegetable shortening
2 packs instant yeast
1/3 cup warm water (95-105 degrees F)
2 eggs, beaten
1/4 cup sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon allspice
4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more
vegetable oil or Crisco for frying
For Glaze:
1/4 cup milk
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 cups confectioner’s sugar

Directions:
For Doughnuts:
Warm milk in microwave or saucepan until just warm.  Place shortening in a bowl and pour warm milk over.  Stir to combine.
In a small bowl sprinkle yeast over warm water and dissolve for 5 minutes.  Pour yeast mixture into milk/shortening mixture.  Stir to combine.  Add eggs, sugar, salt, allspice, and half of the flour to mixture.  Stir to combine, then beat on low with a hand mixer until (very) well combined.  Add remaining flour, stir by hand.  Beat with hand mixer on med. until dough is workable by hand (about 4 minutes).  Transfer to a well-oiled bowl, cover with tea cloth, let rise for about an hour.
On a WELL-floured surface roll out dough to 1/2-inch thick.  Cut out dough using a 2 1/2-inch doughnut cutter or pastry ring (biscuit cutter works too), using a 7/8-inch ring for the center hole.  Set on a floured baking sheet (or floured wax paper), cover with tea cloth, and let rise for 30 minutes.
Preheat the oil or Crisco to 365 degrees F.  Gently place 3 or 4 doughnuts into the oil at a time, cooking for 1 minute on each side.  Watch carefully as they cook quick!  Transfer to a cooling rack placed over paper towels.  Allow to cool at least 15 minutes before glazing.
For Glaze:
Combine milk and vanilla in a saucepan and heat over low heat until warm.  Slowly whisk confectioner's sugar into mixture until well combined.  Remove from heat.  Dip doughnuts into the glaze, one at a time, and set on a draining rack placed over paper towels.  Warm up glaze as needed.  Let glazed doughnuts sit on rack for 5 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
CHELSEASKINGIRL
Description: 
Yummy fresh yeast doughnuts :)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
147 m
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
