URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62074085/mediterranean-torte/
Title:
Mediterranean Torte Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (32-ounce) package frozen bread dough, thawed
2 (10 ounce) packages frozen chopped spinach, thawed
1 (12-ounce) can artichoke heart quarters
1 (14-ounce) jar roasted red pepper strips
1 (6-ounce) can pitted ripe olives
1 pound small fresh mushrooms
1 Tbs margarine
8 ounces thinly sliced salami
8 ounces thinly sliced provolone cheese
8 ounces thinly sliced cooked ham
¼ cup bottled Greek Vinaigrette dressing
1 large egg
1 tablespoon water

Directions:
Cut 1 bread loaf crosswise. Roll out 1 half on a lightly floured surface into a 10 inch circle. Cover and set aside.
Press together remaining 1 ½ dough loaves, and roll out onto a lightly floured surface into a 12-inch circle. Fit dough into a 9-inch springform pan, allowing edges to overhang.
Drain spinach, artichokes, red pepper strips, and olives. Press spinach and red pepper strips between layers of paper towels and set aside.
Saute’ mushrooms in nonstick skillet with 1 tbl margarine for 8 minutes, drain.
Layer half of salami, half mushrooms, and olives in dough-lined pan; lightly brush salami layer with dressing; top with half of cheese slices. Layer with half of ham, spinach, pepper strips. Brush with dressing then layer remaining salami, remaining ham, remaining mushrooms, and artichokes; repeat brushing layer lightly with dressing; top with remaining cheese slices.
Stir together egg and water, brush on overhanging pastry edges. Top torte with remaining pastry round. Fold overhanging edges over top pastry, crimping as necessary, and press to seal. Brush top with remaining egg mixture.
Bake at 350 degrees on bottom oven rack 30 to 35 minutes. Remove from oven, and cover with aluminum foil, if necessary, to prevent excessive browning. Bake 15 to 20 minutes. Cool in pan on a wire rach. Remove sides of pan, and cut into wedges.

Submitter: 
TiffanyNottingham
Description: 
This torte is a beautiful masterpiece! It is absolutely gorgeous to take to a party, a cookout or to make to impress guests and the taste is divine! It is well worth the time.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
