URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62074083/lemony-garlic-shrimp-with-pasta/
Title:
Lemony Garlic Shrimp with Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 package dry angel hair pasta
4 tablespoons unsalted butter
4 tablespoons good olive oil
3 tablespoons minced garlic
2 pounds large shrimp - peeled and de-veined
6 tablespoons white wine
1  teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
½ cup chopped fresh parsley leaves
lemon zest from 2 lemons
1/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice (2 lemons)
½ teaspoon hot red pepper flakes (more or less to taste)

Directions:
(Note: I always brine my shrimp, especially if I am using frozen shrimp.  Brine consists of about ¾-1cup Kosher salt in a big pot of cold water, add ice cubes if it is a warm day; can be left on the counter this way.  Let shrimp soak for 2-4 hours, and they will taste fresher and have a better texture.  Drain off water, pat dry shrimp and cook with as normal.)
Approx 3 hours to brine
chop the garlic and set aside
chop the parsley and set aside
zest lemons and set aside
squeeze lemons and set aside
In a large pot of boiling water, start the angel hair pasta; cook for 7 to 10 minutes, or according to the directions on the package.  Set aside.
Meanwhile, in another large sauté pan, melt the butter and olive oil over medium-low heat. Add the garlic. Sauté for 3-4 minutes. Be careful, the garlic is easy to burn.  Add the shrimp, 3 tablespoons wine, 1 teaspoon of salt, and the 1 teaspoon crushed pepper and sauté until the shrimp have just turned pink, about 6 minutes, stirring often. Then remove the shrimp and garlic from the heat, add the parsley, lemon zest, lemon juice, remaining wine, and red pepper flakes. Toss to combine.
When the pasta is done, drain the cooked angel hair pasta, and then put it a large serving dish. Immediately add the shrimp and sauce, toss well.  The pasta will absorb the sauce. Slices of lemons can be added for presentation.

Submitter: 
Dan'ish
Description: 
This is a very elegant dish good for a nice simple meal.  Tasty and pretty enough for company, but my husband and I enjoy it as a nice weekend meal.  The brining of the shrimp takes the longest, but is very easy and improves the taste and texture of the shrimp.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
3 h
Ready in:
3:15 h
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
