URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62075772/plum-dumplings/
Title:
Plum Dumplings Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
20-25 Italian Prune Plums
DOUGH:
2 1/2 Cups AP Flour
1 Cup very warm mashed potatoes
2 Tbls. soft shortening (butter)
1/2 tsp. baking powder
1/2 tsp. salt
3 egg yolks
1 tsp sugar
SAUCE: Amount depends on how many dumplings being served
1/2 - 1 stick butter
about 1 to 1 1/2 cup dark brown sugar
about 1/4 cup fine unseasoned bread crumbs

Directions:
Pit plum by slicing half way.  Open them and remove the pit.  Place about 1/3 teaspoon of white sugar in the hollow, close the plum, and place in a large bowl to wait for the dough. (There will be juice in the bottom of the bowl when finished.)
To make the dough, sift the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt together into a pile on a breadboard.  Make a well in the center of the pile and work in the mashed potatoes. egg yolks, and shortening until the dough is of pliable consistency and smooth.  When dough is thoroughly kneaded, roll out on floured board to about 1/8 Ò thick and cut with ÒbiscuitÓ cutter (rounds approx. 3 1/2 - 4 inches in diameter).  Holding one piece of dough in your hand, place a whole pitted plum in the center.  Place another piece of dough on top and press to seal the edges of the dough together.  Make sure there are NO leaks, or the plum will come out during cooking.
To cook, place dumplings in deep pot of boiling salted water and boil gently for about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, in a large frying pan, melt butter.  Add enough brown sugar to make a sauce.  (You can also add some of the juice that collected in the bowl where the pitted plums sat.) Add a small amount of fine dried bread crumbs to slightly thicken sauce.  When dumplings are done, drain and put them into the frying pan.  Turn to coat the dumplings with the sauce for a few minutes. Serve hot with the extra sauce poured over them.  For an entree, plan on 5-6 dumplings per person.
** When I make these, I make about 100 and freeze them for eating in the winter. To freeze dumplings, Place them in a single layer on a flat baking sheet that is heavily sprinkled with flour. Make sure any dough touching another dumpling has a lot of flour on it or they will stick together.  Freeze h

Submitter: 
Cyndi K.
Description: 
This recipe came from Istria in the former Yugoslavia.  It can be an entree (our favorite) or as a side dish.  I have fond memories of helping my mother make large batches of these and freezing them for the winter.  They are still one of my favorite meals and my children (now grown-up) still look forward to these any time I make them.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1.5 h
Ready in:
1.75 h
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
