URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62077737/crystallized-or-candied-ginger/
Title:
Crystallized or Candied Ginger Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
10 oz fresh ginger, try finding the youngest ginger you can find; peel removed
2 cups sugar
1 tbsp water

Directions:
1. Cut ginger into 2" lengths and slice lengthwise into 1/8" slices. Score ginger by pricking with a fork. Toss with sugar.
2. Add water to an iron frying pan or heavy wok; add ginger and bring very slowly to a simmer. Stir occasionally for 1 hour. Lower heat and simmer very slowly, stirring occasionally and seperating the slices until the syrup starts to thicken and crystallize.
3. There will be a rim of sugar that crystallizes out around the edge of the pan, and the mixture will become quite thick and syrupy, and will have a lot of sugar crystals in it. Soon the mixture will bubble slowly all over the surface, and when gently stirred will crystallize more and more. (This last phase only takes a few minutes, so watch carefully toward the end. If it carmelizes, it is junk.) Soon the syrup is mostly crystals, and the whole mass will start coming together when stirred. When you can make a pile of it in the middle of the pan, and very little syrup drains out, take it off the heat, and toss gently while it cools. Make sure the slices remain separated. If done right, the crystallized ginger slices will separate from the sugar at this point. Spread it all out on a tray to cool and dry, then store airtight somewhere dark and cool. Use the sugar in coffee, cookies, or anywhere else that a fresh, clean ginger accent would be nice.

Submitter: 
lperejma
Description: 
Crystallized ginger can be served with espresso and cake or champagne and fruit; coated in bittersweet chocolate and rolled in hazelnuts or macadamia nuts. Can be chopped or julienned to use in or as a garnish with pastries, pumpkin pies, stwewed fruits cookies and many other desserts.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
