URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62078748/rosa-heys-best-arroz-con-pollo-mexican-chicken-with-rice/
Title:
Rosa Heys BEST Arroz con Pollo (Mexican Chicken with Rice) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 whole cut-up chicken
2 cups long grain rice (not instant)
4-5 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 medium onion
1 14.5 oz can tomatoes
1 medium clove garlic
1 whole jalapeno (optional)
Salt to taste

Directions:
Remove some of the skin from the chicken parts (depending on how fat/flavor conscious you are). The recipe may lack flavor if very low fat chicken is used. Consider adding bullion to taste to the broth if only white meat is used. Place the chicken in a large pot, cover with water, add three tablespoons of salt, and boil for 30-40 minutes or until cooked. Remove the chicken parts from the hot broth and set aside to cool and de-bone, reserving the broth (add water to make 5 cups).
Cut onion into large chunks. In a blender, puree tomatoes, onion, and garlic until smooth.
With the blender container of pureed tomato, onion and garlic, and a lid handy, heat the oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add the rice to the hot oil and fry until well-browned, but not burned—stir constantly to avoid scorching; this should only take a few minutes. If all of the oil is absorbed by the rice, add a little more to fry.
Carefully add the tomato mixture after a nutty-brown color is achieved.  NOTE: the hot oil will spatter when the cool tomato mixture is added. Lower heat to medium and cook for 5-7 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the chicken broth and the whole jalapeno, stem and all, (for flavor-not heat). De-bone chicken parts removing meat in large chunks and add to boiling rice, tomato, and broth mixture. Cook covered for 20 minutes or until rice is tender. Remove the jalapeno with a spoon and discard.

Submitter: 
ANABANANA
Description: 
A comforting hot meal for a cold fall or winter evening. My mom made this for my sisters and me throughout my childhood. I have never had a better chicken-rice dish. Serve with hot flour or corn tortillas.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
90 m
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
