URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62079489/chicken-coconut-curry-pies/
Title:
Chicken Coconut Curry Pies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
500g Pumpkin peeled and diced 1cm
3 Carrots peeled and diced 1cm
1tbs Olive Oil plus extra to grease
20g Butter
3 Onions Chopped
3 Garlic Cloves Crushed
Grated rind of 1 Lemon
3 cm piece of ginger, peeled & grated
1bs red curry paste
2tsp Sambal Oelek
1 kg Chicken breast cut into 2cm cubes
425ml coconut milk
1 red Capsicum cut into 2cm pieces
1 cup chopped coriander
Shortcrust pastry for pie bases
Puff Pastry for pie tops
Milk to seal pastry tops.

Directions:
Steam pumpkin and carrot until cooked but still firm.
Heat oil and butter in alarge pan.  Add onions and cook for 3-4 minutes until soft but not coloured.  Add the garlic and cook for a further minute, then add lemon rind, ginger, curry paste and sambal oelek and cook for 1-2 minutes until fragrant.
Add the chicken and cook 3-4 minutes or until flesh is just opaque.  Add coconut milk to cover chicken ( if not sufficient, add a little water or chicken stock)
Continue cooking for about 5 minutes or until chicken is cooked through.
Add the pumpkin and carrot mixture, along with coriander and season with salt to taste.
Adjust chilli as required.
Fill individual pie cases with shortcrust pastry, brush edges with milk.  Place filling into cases and top with puff pastry.  Press to seal edges and cut a vent into top of pie.
Cook for 20-30 minutes in moderate oven

Submitter: 
CZARDAS
Description: 
This is a delicous Gourmet Thai style chicken pie.  I always get complements and people can't believe they are home made.  This recipe is for individual pies but you can make family pies or even appetiser size pies for parties. The pies also freeze well. The recipe is also great for a curry over rice.
AUSTRALIAN MEASUREMENTS
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
90 min
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
