URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62072098/worlds-very-best-peanut-butter-cookies/
Title:
World's very best peanut butter cookies! Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 stick  butter (softened)
3/4 cup chunky peanut butter
1/2 cup white sugar
1/2 cup dark-brown sugar (packed)
1   egg
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 cup all-purpose flour
3/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
3.   In a medium mixing bowl, sift flour and baking soda together. Add to the butter mixture, and beat just to combine.
4.   Scoop out 2 tablespoons of dough, shape into a ball, and place on one of the prepared baking sheets. Repeat with remaining dough, placing scoops 3 inches apart. Dip the tines of a fork in warm water; press the dough balls lightly with the back of the fork to flatten them slightly (dip the fork back in the water for each dough ball, to prevent sticking). Sprinkle with a few peanuts, if desired.
5.   Transfer to the oven, and bake until golden brown, 18 to 20 minutes, rotating the baking sheets between the oven shelves halfway through baking. Transfer baking sheets to a wire rack to cool. Store in an airtight container at room temperature up to 1 week.

Directions:
-First blend peanut butter and butter together and add sugars.  Cream untill light and fluffy.
-Add egg. Add vanilla.
- Gradually add dry untill mix comes together.
-Refrigerate for about an hour.
-Before preparing cookies for baking preheat oven to 325. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or lightly grease a pan... .
- Roll about 1 tablespoon each of dough and place on cookie sheet about 2 inches apart. Take a wet fork and press each cookie untill lightly flattened and characterisitc peanut butter cookie lines form.
-Bake in oven for 15 to 19 minutes or untill cookies are lightly browned on edges.... and center looks still slightly soft.... (this should produce a somewhat chewy cookie) bake a little longer if you like a crispy peanut butter cookie.... I prefer this recipe chewy. :)

Submitter: 
FRIENDLYFOOD
Description: 
Kids love peanuts and peanut butter but adults often do too! This peanut butter cookie is the best in the world.... peanuty with a perfect texture it is sure to please!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min.
Ready in:
1 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
