URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62070745/grandmas-polish-perogies/
Title:
Grandma's Polish Perogies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups sour cream
4 1/2 cups flour
2 tbsp. melted butter
2 eggs
1 egg yolk
2 tsp. salt
2 tbsp. vegetable oil
8-10 potatoes
1-1 1/2 cups grated cheese
2tbsp. Cheese Whiz
onion salt(optional)
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
For Dough:  Measure flour and salt into a large bowl.  Beat eggs slightly, and to them add oil, butter, and sour cream.  Mix well, and add to flour mixture.  Mix well, and let stand, covered with a damp tea towel, for 15 to 20 minutes.
For Filling: Peel potatoes.  Boil in salted water until well cooked.  Drain well.  Mash well ans add the grated cheese and Cheese Whiz while the potatoes are still HOT.  Mix VERY well, and let cool.
For Perogies:  Seperate the dough into two balls.  Roll one ball out into a circle, thin enough to work with, but not so thin that is keeps ripping.  Usin a circular cookie cutter, perogie cutter, or cup, cut the dough into circles(you can choose the size, but keep them fairly small so they don't break apart when cooking).  Brush some water around the edge of the dough circles and spoon a bit of filling on it.  Carefully pull the dough over into a pocket shape and use your fingers to firmly press down the edges, sealing them.  Place on a cookie sheet and freeze.  Once frozen, store in plastic bags or containers in the freezer.
To Cook:  Bring a pot of salted water to a rolling boil.  Drop frozen perogies in one by one.  they are done when they float to the top.  Do not over boil or they will be soggy!  Serve plain, or with butter, sour cream, bacon, etc.
Note: Perfecting the perogie technique takes time, and after a while, you will develop your own "system" that works best for you.  If it doesn't work the first time, and your willing to try again, you should, it gets easier every time!

Submitter: 
STEPH577
Description: 
My grandfather is Polish, and his mother taught my grandmother how to make these delicous perogies.  The recipe has been in the family for generations, with a few alterations of course!  For best results, choose potatoes that have as little water in them as possible, and choose a rolling pin that is very heavy(it will be easier to roll out the dough).  Also, the perogies are less likely to burst during cooking if they are frozen when you put them in the boiling water.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
1-2 h
Ready in:
1-2
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
