URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62078260/kulich-russian-easter-cake/
Title:
Kulich (Russian Easter Cake) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pkg dry yeast (1 tsp)
1/4C lukewarm water
1C sugar
1/4 cup orange blossom honey
1C milk
pinch saffron threads
1 tsp ground cardamom
4C plain flour
125g butter, melted (1 stick)
pinch salt
2 tsp vanilla extract
grated rind 1 lemon
1 cup sultanas
1/2 cup flaked almonds
2 eggs
1 egg yolk
1 tbl vodka
Icing:
1.5 - 2C icing sugar
1/2tsp lemon juice
1 egg white
Toasted flaked almonds
4-5 400g cans, cleaned. I use old tomato or peach cans.

Directions:
Soak sultanas in vodka overnight.
Put yeast in a small bowl with 1 tsp of the sugar and the warm water. Leave for 10 minutes to froth. Heat the milk over moderate heat and stir in the saffron and cardamom. Let the mixture cool to lukewarm. Add it to the yeast and add 1/2 cup of the sugar and one cup of the flour. Mix well and cover with glad wrap. Allow to rise in a warm place for one hour.
Add the remaining sugar, vanilla, honey, salt and zest to the melted butter. Add to the dough along with the 2 eggs and yolk. Incorporate 2.5 cups flour. Knead for a few minutes on a surface sprinkled with the remaining flour. Knead in the sultanas and almonds.
Place into an oiled bowl and rub oil over the top of the dough. Cover with glad wrap. Allow to rise for 1.5 hours until doubled in size. Butter inside of cans and line with baking paper.
Knead the dough again and put into can 1/3 full. Allow to rise again for 45 mins to the top of the can. Bake in the oven at 170C for 45 - 50 mins. Let the kulich cool a little in the can then carefully remove and cool on a cooling rack. Ice top of kulich.
Icing
Beat egg white in a bowl with electric mixer until frothy. Beat in icing sugar until mixture forms stiff peaks. Stir in juice. Spread over top of Kulich and sprinkle with toasted almonds.

Submitter: 
babylee
Description: 
These cakes are traditionally cooked and eaten at Russian Orthodox Easter to break the fast. Often accompanied by pashka, a sweet, fruity cheese. These do take a little bit of effort, but it is definately worth it. They are similar to Panettone.

Total time includes rising times of 3.5 hours.

This recipe is in Australian Standard measurements
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
4hr 50
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
