URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62087368/penne-chicken-skillet-with-white-wine-cream-sauce/
Title:
Penne Chicken Skillet with White Wine Cream Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tbl. olive oil
4 chicken breast halves, boneless and skinless
1 large yellow onion, diced
3 small stalks celery, diced
1/2 red pepper, seeded and diced
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 cup dry white wine
2 pints half-and-half
1 tsp. dried sage
1 sprig fresh rosemary leaves, minced
1/2 tsp. cayenne
1 tsp. salt
1 tbl. black pepper, freshly ground
1/2 tsp. nutmeg
1 lb. penne, undercooked by four minutes, drained
3/4 cup bread crumbs, divided
1 cup parmesan, freshly grated, divided

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425 degrees.  Chop and prepare all vegetables and spices while you cook the pasta.  Cut the chicken into bite-sized chunks.  Drain the pasta and let stand in the colander in the sink, drizzling with about 1 tbl. olive oil and tossing occasionally to prevent sticking.
Heat the oil in a 12 inch, oven-safe, non-stick skillet on medium-high heat.  (If you don't have a large enough skillet, lightly butter a 9x13 baking dish instead, but use the skillet for the preparatory cooking.)
Add chicken pieces to the skillet a handful at a time and cook, tossing occasionally until light golden brown.  Add wine to skillet.  Once bubbling, add onion, celery, and red peppers, cooking for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.  Add minced garlic and cook for another 2 minutes.  Add half-and-half, sage, rosemary, cayenne, salt, pepper and nutmeg and let come to a bubble.  Stir often and let bubble for 5 minutes.
Carefully add drained pasta and half each of the bread crumbs and parmesan, stirring and coating well.  (If baking in a 9x13 baking dish, carefully mix the pasta and the sauce in the baking dish.)
Level the surface and place in oven, uncovered, for about 10 minutes.  Remove and sprinkle remaining bread/crumb parmesan mixture on top, all the way to edges, and return to oven for 5 more minutes or until lightly brown.

Submitter: 
CHEFSINGLEDAD
Description: 
Chicken breast morsels and penne pasta are combined with white wine, cream, onions, garlic, sage, rosemary, bread crumbs and parmesan for skillet-baked dish that goes from stovetop to oven.  If you don't have a wide, deep skillet, then use the skillet you have and transfer the final mixture into a baking dish.  The result is heavenly, and the leftovers even better.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
