URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62082450/make-ahead-chocolate-souffls/
Title:
Make-Ahead Chocolate Souffls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Softened butter, and granulated sugar for coating ramekins
8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped
4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 1-inch chunks
1/8 teaspoon table salt
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 tablespoon crème de cacao
1/3 cup sugar, plus 3 tablespoons
6 large egg yolks
1 teaspoon grated orange zest
8 large egg whites
1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar

Directions:
1. Butter eight 1-cup ramekins with the softened butter, then coat inside of them evenly with sugar, shaking gently to remove excess sugar. Refrigerate until ready to use.
2. Melt chocolate and 4 tablespoons butter in a medium bowl set over a pan of simmering water, or heat in a microwave oven for 2 minutes at 50 percent power, stir, heat another minute at 50 percent, stir, and then heat an additional minute if necessary. Off heat, stir in salt, vanilla, and crème de cacao; set aside.
3. Make a sugar syrup by bringing 1/3 cup of the sugar mixed with 2 tablespoons water to a boil in a small saucepan. In a medium bowl, beat yolks with an electric mixer set on medium speed, drizzling in the sugar syrup. Beat until the yolks are thick and pale yellow, about 3 minutes. Fold into chocolate mixture along with the orange zest. Clean beaters.
4. Put the egg whites in a large metal mixing bowl. Whip on medium-high speed for 30 seconds, add the cream of tartar, and then add the remaining 3 tablespoons sugar gradually, beating until the whites hold a 2-inch peak. They should still be soft and glossy.
5. Vigorously stir one-quarter of the whipped whites into the chocolate mixture. Gently fold remaining whites into mixture until just incorporated. Fill each ramekin almost to rim, wiping excess filling from rim with a wet paper towel. Cover with plastic wrap and freeze until firm, at least 3 hours and up to 2 days.
6. Adjust oven rack to middle position and heat oven to 400 degrees. When oven is preheated, remove soufflés from freezer, uncover, and bake until fully risen, 16 to 18 minutes. DO NOT OVERBAKE!

Submitter: 
Rachel
Description: 
Individual chocolate souffls, which can be made and frozen up to 2 days before baking. Make sure that the souffls go into the oven directly from the freezer. Do not thaw first -- they will not rise properly.

Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
