URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62088966/rice-and-bean-with-sweet-potato-empanadas/
Title:
Rice and Bean with Sweet Potato Empanadas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 refrigerated pie crust, thawed at room temperature
1 cup white rice, cooked
1 onion, diced
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 T. olive oil
1 packet Sazon*
1 tsp. cumin
1 tsp. Adobo**
2 Roma tomatoes, diced
1 sweet potato, cooked and cubed
1 16 oz. can kidney beans, rinsed and drained
Flour, to roll dough out (I like whole wheat to sneak in some healthy wheat in the crust)
Milk, egg to brush over pastry
*Sazon: Traditional Latin American seasoning mix that comes in a packet.  Contains Coriander, Annatto, salt, garlic, and spices.  If you can't find Sazon, use garlic, salt, and pepper to taste.
**Adobo: Contains salt, garlic, oregano, and turmeric.  Again, use a combination of flavors to taste if you cannot find this item.

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425 degrees.  Heat oil in skillet.  Add onion and saute over medium heat until onion is translucent.  Add garlic and saute for 2 minutes, but do not allow garlic or onion to burn.  Add seasonings and saute for another minute.  Add tomatoes and allow to cook for 1-2 minutes more; enough to cook down slightly, but not to make them mushy.
In a bowl, lightly combine rice, onion mixture, and rice.  Set aside.
Unroll pie crust and cut in half down the middle and set one half aside.  Each half will be cut into four pieces.  Using a floured work surface, roll out each piece into a rectangle.  Spoon 2 T. of the rice mixture into center of rectangle.  Lift one side over the other to form a packet and bring bottom piece over top to seal.  Using a fork, crimp edges to complete the seal.
Using either plain milk or a combination of milk and egg, brush over top of empanada.
Place on a cookie sheet with a Silpat sheet (or parchment paper or sprayed with non-stick spray) and in oven for 12-15 minutes until lightly browned on top.  Serve with Aji or salsa.

Submitter: 
Marian
Description: 
This is a delicious, new, and exciting version of an old favorite.  My son and daughter are from Colombia and I combined a classic Colombian taste with my Puerto Rican roots. You can add ingredients or make variations dependent on what is in your cupboard.  I roll the dough out extra thin because that is how we like it.  If you like the empanada to have more dough, don't roll the crust out and cut it into 4 pieces instead of 8.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
