URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62085283/simply-awesome-texas-style-chili/
Title:
Simply Awesome Texas-Style Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons olive oil
3 pounds lean or extra lean ground beef
1 large white onion, chopped
5 cloves garlic, minced
4 large jalapeno or serrano peppers, stemmed, seeded and chopped
4 chipotle chilis in adobo, chopped
2 cans diced tomatoes, drained and rinsed
1 cup tomato sauce
2 tablespoons tomato paste
1 bottle good Mexican or premium beer
8-10 tablespoons chili powder, or to taste
2 tablespoons cumin
1 tablespoon Mexican oregano
1 tablespoon adobo seasoning
Chicken broth
1/4 cup masa harina
Salt to taste
1 small lime, juiced
Shredded cheddar cheese
Sour cream (optional)

Directions:
In a large heavy pot, brown the ground beef in the olive oil over high heat until no longer pink. Lower heat to medium-high. Add the onion, garlic and peppers and cook, stirring occasionally, until onions are wilted, 4-5 minutes. Add the chili powder, cumin, oregano and adobo seasoning and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the tomato paste and mix in well. Add the chipotle chilis, tomatoes and tomato sauce and stir in well. Add the beer and enough chicken stock to bring it to the consistency you want. Bring to a boil, turn heat to medium-low and simmer for 2 hours, stirring occasionally. If the chili becomes too dry or thick, add a little more chicken stock. After the 2 hours, if the chili is not as thick as you'd like, add the masa harina 1 teaspoon at a time, stirring and cooking after each addition before adding more, until the desired consistency is reached. Remove from heat, add the lime juice, and adjust the seasoning, if needed, to taste. Ladle into bowls and garnish with the cheddar cheese and sour cream, if desired. This is great served with cornbread or hard, crusty bread or rolls.

Submitter: 
HEYHON53
Description: 
This recipe is actually a blend of several different recipes I've tried. Having a son that hates beans made me try to come up with a recipe for Texas style chili that all of us could enjoy. If you want leftovers, double the recipe because your family will empty the pot on this one!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 30
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
