URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62081465/caramelized-onion-and-maple-bacon-pizza/
Title:
Caramelized Onion and Maple Bacon Pizza Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 loaf frozen bread dough, defrosted and risen
1 pkg Maple Bacon, cooked to slightly crisp.
1 large Sweet Onion,cut into thin slices.
1 c. Ricotta Cheese(whole or skim)
1 c. Mozzerella cheese (optional)
1/2 cup Parmesan cheese
1 tsp thyme
salt & pepper to taste
garlic powder or garlic salt
2 tbsp Olive oil or cooking spray

Directions:
1.Take Bread dough out and let rise until double the size (follow defrost and rising instructions on package).
2.Sautee bacon in a frying pan until a little crisp. Set bacon aside on paper towel to drain fat. Save some of the fat from the bacon, enough to coat the bottom of the skillet to caramelize the onions. At this point you can preheat your oven to 475 or 500, as high as you can bake at.
3. Cook onions at a medium-low heat until they are translucent (takes about 10-15 minutes) and set aside on a paper towel to drain excess fat.
4.While onions are cooking, in a bowl mix the Ricotta and almost all of the parm cheese, leaving a few table spoons for later, salt, pepper and thyme. Set aside.
5. Using a sheet pan or pizza pan, spray a little cooking spray or wipe with a little olive oil. Form dough to shape of the pan, being careful not to poke holes in the dough. You will probably have to spread the dough out again when you go to put the ingredients on it.
6. I like to brush the dough with olive oil and the garlic powder before I put the ingredients on.
7. Spread the ricotta mixture on the pizza evenly.
8. Sprinkle the onions evenly over the ricotta mixture.
9. Crumble the bacon, layering over the onions.
10. Sprinkle the leftover parm cheese over the bacon.
11. This is when you would put on the mozzerella if you like, my family likes it without.
12. Place in center rack of the oven. After about 10 minutes, check the bottom with a spatula for doness. My oven goes to 475 and it takes about 15 minutes. If your oven goes hotter then the crust should crisp much faster.

Submitter: 
LJFQ27
Description: 
Yummy pizza that is good for any meal! I have eaten the leftovers for breakfast and even better the next day!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30-35 min
Ready in:
45-55 min
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
