URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62084760/chili-con-carne-un-poco-picante/
Title:
Chili con Carne Un Poco Picante Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 tbsp. olive oil
1 onion, diced
1 green pepper, diced
2 cloves garlic, minced
2 fresh jalapeño chiles, minced w/seeds OR 1-2 chipotle chiles, chopped
1 lb. lean ground beef
2 tsp. chili powder
1 tsp. dried oregano
2 (14 oz.) cans diced tomatoes, undrained
2 tsp. Valentina Mexican Hot Sauce- Extra Hot variety
1 (14-15 oz.) can black beans, drained and rinsed
cilantro leaves (optional)
Monterey Jack or Cheddar cheese, grated (optional)
small white corn tortillas (optional)

Directions:
Heat the oil at medium-high in a large, heavy skillet or frying pan.  Add the onion and green pepper and cook on medium to medium-high, stirring, until onion has softened.  Add the garlic, then the jalapeños or chipotle chile.  Cook, stirring at medium for about five more minutes.  Add the ground beef and brown meat at high heat, stirring frequently, about five minutes.  Next, add the chili powder and oregano.  Mix well, cooking over medium heat for five minutes.  Add the tomatoes, mixing well.  Bring mixture to a boil over high heat, then stir in Valentina.  Turn heat down, cover mixture, and simmer for thirty minutes, stirring occasionally.  Drain and rinse black beans in a colander or strainer, and add to chili after thirty minutes of simmering is finished.  Bring heat to medium-high, and stir well until beans have been well heated.  Dish chili into bowls and top with cilantro leaves or cheese to taste.  Serve with small corn tortillas.

Submitter: 
CLOUDSSUNRAIN
Description: 
This colorful chile is about MEDIUM HOT- thus the name un poco picante.  If you are afraid of the heat, use fewer chiles!  If you love the heat, feel free to use more.  This recipe doesn't call for salt due to the amount of canned/bottled ingredients that already contain sodium.

There are two ways to prepare this recipe- with fresh jalapeo chiles OR with chipotle chiles.

For more smoke and less fire, substitute 1-2 chopped chipotle chiles for the fresh jalapeos.  It can either come from a can (canned chiles in adobo sauce) or from a package of dried chiles. If you use canned chiles and
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min.
Ready in:
80 min.
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
