URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62080740/roasted-pepper-and-cheese-soup/
Title:
Roasted Pepper and cheese soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
15 various peppers, halved. (I use 4 red bell peppers, 2 bahama chilis, 2 pablano chilis, 4 yellow bell peppers, 3 pasilla chilies)
1 large white onion quartered
6 large cloves of garlic
5 large fresh tomatoes, peeled and seeds removed
1/2 c fresh basil chopped
1/2 c Fresh oregano chopped
1/2 c fresh cilantro chopped (reserved)
6 cups organic stock (I use chicken, but vegetable or beef is fine)
2 cups cooked rice
2 cups mexican cheese blend (in a bag preshredded)
Olive oil
salt/pepper to taste
2 limes

Directions:
Turn oven to Broil. Take prepared peppers and lay cut side down on oiled or non stick baking sheet. Roast peppers until skins are black and bubbly. Let cool. Place peppers in a plastic zip lock bag for about 30 minutes. On same roasting pan, place onions and garlic and let roast for about 10 minutes
Meanwhile, place tomatoes and 1 tbs of salt and pepper in a soup pot and saute for 5 minutes over medium-high heat until tomatoes begin to break down. Add Basil and oregano and half of the cilantro. Mix in the stock, cover and turn heat to low.
Chop the garlic and onion and toss into the pot, mixing to combine.
Peel Roasted peppers,chop and add to soup pot. Cover and cook over low heat for app. 20 minutes or until peppers and onions begin to meld into the soup. At this point you can choose to leave the soup a bit chunky or you can do as I do and puree in a food processor until smooth.
Stir in the rice. Blend in the cheese, reserving 1/4 of a cup for topping the bowls.
Ladle into soup bouls with a bit more cheese served over the soup and a sprinkle of the reserved cilantro. Great with spicy grilled tomato paninis or pugliese bread.

Submitter: 
SerenaBloom
Description: 
Easily a family favorite!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
app. 20 mn
Ready in:
1 h and 20 min
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
