URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62088448/easter-bread/
Title:
Easter Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/390722.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup lukewarm water
2 tbsp yeast
2 tbsp sugar
1 1/2 cups sifted flour
3/4 cup shortening
1 cup sugar
1 1/2 tsp salt
3 eggs, divided
4 tsp grated lemon rind
2 tbsp lemon juice
3 1/4 cup sifted flour
1 tbsp cream or milk
Colored sprinkles
4-8 raw eggs to color

Directions:
Mix lukewarm water, yeast and 2 tbsp sugar in a large mixing bowl. Add 1 1/2 cups sifted flour, and stir until smooth. Cover bowl and put in a warm place 1 1/2 hours.
Color 4-8 raw eggs and set aside.
With an electric mixer on medium speed, cream shortening, gradually adding in 1 cup sugar and the salt. Beat in 2 whole eggs, plus 1 egg white, saving the third yolk for later use. Beat until smooth and fluffy. Stir in the yeast mixture, grated lemon rind, and lemon juice. Stir in approximately 3 1/4 cups flour to make easily handled dough. Place in a large, well-greased bowl and brush with melted butter or shortening. Cover and let rise until doubled (1 to 1 1/2 hours).
Once dough has doubled in size, turn onto a floured surface and knead gently. Let rest for 2 minutes. Divide into four parts. Form each quarter into a rope, about 18 inches long.
Grease 2 large cookie sheets. Form loosly braided rings by twisting each rope around itself, like a bird's nest, leaving space for colored eggs. Pinch the ends together to seal the ring. Insert 1 or 2 eggs into the center of each ring. Arrange two rings on each cookie sheet, leaving room to rise. Cover and let rise until doubled again. Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Once rings have doubled again, bake in preheated oven for 10 minutes. Take out and brush with remaining egg yolk, beaten with 1 tbsp cream or milk. Top with sprinkles and bake another 30-40 minutes, depending on size of loaves.

Submitter: 
Dorese
Description: 
A decorative, tasty bread that looks like a bird's nest when finished. Use raw eggs that you've colored to put in the center. They bake right along with the bread! This is a favorite in my family, and we have it for breakfast every Easter Sunday with the eggs we've colored. This Easter bread is especially tasty because it has a faint hint of lemon in it. My favorite way to eat it is warmed up, with butter spread on top.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
4-5 h
Ready in:
6 h
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
