URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62085731/papaya-stuffed-chicken-and-basmati-rice/
Title:
Papaya-Stuffed Chicken and Basmati Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves
1/3 cup margarine, melted
1 cup crushed Ritz crackers
1 papaya, seeded and cut into strips
cinnamon, to taste
Sauce:
2 tbsp. margarine, divided
1 cup orange juice
1 tbsp. brown sugar
1/2 tsp. cinnamon
1/4 tsp. nutmeg
1 (8 oz.) can crushed pineapple in its own juice
dash cayenne pepper
1 cup white bastmati rice
1 1/2 cups water

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Melt the margarine in a small shallow dish. Crush the crackers in a separate shallow dish.
Carefully cut into the side of each chicken breast halves to where the top half folds back. Arrange papaya slices in each one and sprinkle with cinnamon to taste. Fold the top of the breast back over.
Dip each chicken breast half into the margarine and then press into the cracker crumbs. After melting one tablespoon of margarine in a large skillet, brown chicken over medium-high heat until each side has a nice golden color.
Arrange the chicken on a cookie sheet lined with foil. Bake in the preheated oven for 40 minutes, flipping halfway through.
While the chicken is baking, place 1 tbsp. of margarine in the skillet used to fry the chicken and use it to help start scraping some of the browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Add the orange juice, spices and pineapple, continuing to loosen the browned bits.
Reduce heat to medium and let the sauce simmer and reduce for 30 minutes. Simmer on low for the remainder of time chicken cooks.
FOR THE RICE: 5 minutes before you flip the chicken for the first time, bring 1 cup white basmati rice and 1 1/2 cups water to boil in a small saucepan. Cover and simmer for 20 minutes.
Serve chicken over the rice and spoon the sauce over everything to taste.

Submitter: 
Sola
Description: 
My husband came up with this recipe to serve for Valentine's Day. The basmati rice flavor melds perfectly with the fruity sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
