URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62083800/lick-your-plate-chicken-with-portobello-cream-sauce/
Title:
Lick your Plate Chicken with Portobello Cream Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 Chicken Breasts, 2 T oil, 4 T butter, 2 t salt, 1/2 t pepper, 2 TB paprika, 1 1/2 t onion powder, 1 1/2 t garlic powder, 1 package (?8 or 12 ounces) presliced portobello mini mushrooms, 3 cloves garlic, 1.5 cups whole milk, .5 cup half and half, chicken boullion

Directions:
Pound chicken breasts to even thickness (if desired.)  Preheat saute pan over med- high heat with 2 T butter and 2 T oil.  Season chicken breasts on both sides with salt, pepper, onion powder, garlic powder and paprika. The paprika should be generous, covering all of the chicken well.  Depending on the size of the breasts, you may have to increase or decrease the spices, this is just a general guide.  Saute the chicken for about 8 minutes a side, covering with a lid if the meat is thick and needs help getting cooked through.  After the chicken is done and a nice deep brown, remove it from the pan and keep it warm for serving.  Add the remaining 2 T butter to the pan (quickly, butter and garlic can burn quickly so keep stirring!) and add the garlic and mushrooms.  Saute for a few minutes until the pan gets a little dry then add the milk and cream.  Bring to a boil then lightly boil until reduced by a third.  Add 2 t cornstarch if needed to thicken, just whisk in to not form lumps.  Season with salt and pepper to taste, I like to add a little (1t chicken bouillion.)  Serve the chicken and the sauce with hot buttered egg noodles, seasoned with salt, boullion, and 2 T parsley.

Submitter: 
Rachelle Vernon Jones
Description: 
A delicious chicken recipe to be loved, especially by those who like a lot of flavor. My husband licked his plate clean tonight, and that's when I knew I had to submit this!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
20 m
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
