URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62081827/red-velvet-cheesecake/
Title:
Red Velvet Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Cake Layer:
1 oz. red food coloring
1 oz. water
1 Tbsp cocoa powder
1/2 cup vegetable oil
2 eggs
1 tsp. vanilla
2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, sifted
1 tsp. salt
1 tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. vinegar
1 1/2 cups sugar
1 cup buttermilk
Cheesecake Layer:
4- 8oz pkgs cream cheese, softened
1 2/3 cups sugar
1/4 cup cornstarch
1 Tbsp. vanilla
2 eggs
3/4 cup heavy whipping cream

Directions:
Pre-heat oven to 350 F.
For Cake layer:
Sift flour, salt, baking soda and cocoa powder into a large bowl. Add oil, eggs, vanilla, vinegar, sugar and buttermilk. Mix well. Add red food coloring, refil the food coloring bottle with water and add to mix (this makes it not have such a food coloring taste, but is still pleanty red). Stir until well blended. Spray 2- 9inch springform pans with cooking spray. Pour half of batter into each pan and bake 30 min or until middle of cake springs back when touched.
Let cake cool for 30 min. You may need to level off the top of the cake before adding the cream cheese mixture.
Cheesecake layer:
While the cake is cooling, place the cream cheese in a large mixing bowl and beat until smooth. Add the sugar and the cornstarch. Beat with an eletric mixer until creamy. Blend in the vanilla. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well after each. Then by hand mix in the heavy whipping cream until blended. Pour half of the batter over the cake layer and bake for 30 to 45 min or until cake is set and beginging to brown.
Let cool on a wire rack for at least 1 hour then cover and refrigerate until is completly cool. Take off the sides of the springform pan. Garnish with melted dark chocolate if desired. Store leftover cake it the refrigerator.

Submitter: 
Beth Maples
Description: 
If you love Red Velvet Cake, here is a new spin on it. I love cheesecake and thought that this would be a great combo. This recipe can easily be halfed, but if you are having a party is is just as easy to make two as one. Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
2hr 15 min
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
