URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62083180/fresh-vegetarian-spring-rolls/
Title:
Fresh Vegetarian Spring Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
- 1 package rice paper sheets
- 1 bundle glass noodles (bean threads)
- 1 large carrot
- 1 seedless cucumber
- 1 red pepper, julienned
- 2-3 green onions, white and green parts, julienned
- 1 bunch fresh coriander (optional)
- 1 cup fresh mint or fresh basil leaves (optional)
- leaf lettuce for garnish (optional)

Directions:
Soak noodles in boiling water for 10-15 mins, or until soft.
Using a peeler, slice of long strips of carrot and cucumber.  Put the cucumber in a collander, lightly salt and let sit for 10-15 mins.  Squeeze out excess liquid with paper towel.
Fill a large shallow bowl or pan (large enough to hold the rice paper sheets) with warm (almost hot) water.
Place one sheet in the water for 10-15 seconds and then remove to a clean surface (preferably glass cutting board).  Once you get more accustomed to the recipe and are faster you can place another sheet in the water as you work with the first, but initially just do one at a time.
Place small amounts of each ingredient across the rice paper sheet (experiment with amounts, to your tastes) in a line a little closer to you than the middle.  Fold the outside edges in and roll the edge of the sheet nearest to you up and tightly over the filling, tucking the edge under.  Continue rolling until you have a cyliner, then set aside, seam side down, and move on to next one.
Continue until you've used up all ingredients, then let them sit for a while (they become firmer and stickier).
To serve, cut each roll in half and arrange on a bed of lettuce and serve with dipping sauces (spicy peanut and sweet n'spicy sauces are recommended).

Submitter: 
Sean Gough
Description: 
These delicious and healthy spring rolls are fresh, not cooked or deep fried.  They are great for snacking or parties.  They can be made several hours in advance and stored in a single layer under plastic wrap -- do not refridgerate them though or the wrapper will stiffen.  They are best served with dips (I have also submitted two dip recipes).
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30-45 mins
Ready in:
30-45 mins
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
