URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62082463/old-fashioned-beef-stroganoff/
Title:
Old-Fashioned Beef Stroganoff Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil
12 ounces white button mushrooms, wiped clean and halved if small, quartered if medium, cut ino sixths if large
Table salt and ground black pepper
3/4 pound beef tenderloin (about 2 fillets), cut into 1/2-inch long, 1/8-inch wide strips
1/2 cup low-sodium beef broth
1 tablespoon unsalted butter
1 small onion, minced (1/2 cup)
1 teaspoon tomato paste
1 1/2 teaspoons dark brown sugar
1 tablespoon unbleached all-purpose flour
1/2 cup low-sodium chicken broth
1/2 cup dry white wine
1/3 cup sour cream
8 ounces egg noodles, cooked in salted water, drained, and tossed wih 2 tablespoons butter

Directions:
1. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in heavy-bottomed 12-inch skillet over medium-high heat until hot and shimmering, but not smoking, about 2 minutes; swirl to coat pan. Add mushrooms and cook over high heat without stirring for 30 seconds; season with salt and pepper and continue to cook, stirring occasionally, until mushrooms are lightly browned, about 4 minutes longer. Transfer to medium bowl.
2. Return skillet to high heat, add remaining 1/2 tablespoon oil; swirl to coat pan. Place tenderloin strips in skillet. Using tongs, spread the meat into single layer, making sure that strips do not touch, and cook without turning until well-browned on first side, 2 minutes. Turn strips and cook on second side until well-browned, about 1 minute longer. Season with salt and pepper to taste and transfer to bowl with mushrooms.
3. Add beef broth to skillet, scraping up browned bits on pan bottom with wooden spoon; simmer until broth is reduced to 1/4 cup, about 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer broth to bowl with mushrooms and beef, scraping skillet clean with rubber spatula.
4. Return skillet to medium-low heat and add butter; when butter foams, add onion, tomato paste, and brown sugar. Cook, stirring frequently, until onion is lightly browned and softened, about 6 minutes; stir in flour until incorporated. Gradually whisk in chicken broth and wine; increase heat to medium-high and bring to boil, whisking occasionally, then reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until thickened, about 2 minutes. Whisk liquid from mushrooms and beef into sauce and simmer to incorporate. Stir about 1/2 cup of hot sauce into sour cream, then stir mixture back into sauce. Add mushrooms and beef; heat to warm through, about 1 minute. Adjust seasonings with salt and pepper and serve over buttered egg noodles.

Submitter: 
Rachel
Description: 
A great stroganoff - tender meat, a velvety sauce, and a surprising amount of flavor given its short cooking time. Use a high quality meat, or you'll be disappointed in the texture and tenderness of the beef.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
25
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
