URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62083080/simple-garlic-calamari-w-spinach-mushrooms/
Title:
Simple Garlic Calamari w/ Spinach & Mushrooms Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb. squid (fresh or thawed from frozen - cleaned and cut to bite size)
8 oz sliced mushrooms
6 oz spinach (chopped)
1 cup chicken or fish broth
2 tablespoons flour
1 cup white wine
4 cloves garlic
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 tablespoon anchovy paste (optional)
2 teaspoons dried oregano
1 teaspoons dried thyme
1 teaspoon crushed red pepper (optional)
Salt and Pepper to taste
4 servings pasta
Grated or shredded parmesan to taste

Directions:
Add olive oil to a large skillet and saute spinach and mushrooms over medium high heat until spinach is wilted and mushrooms have begun to caramelize slightly (2-3 minutes).  Add wine and cook until liquid is almost gone.  Add crushed garlic and red pepper, oregano, thyme, and anchovy paste (adjust all to your taste - anchovy paste and red pepper are optional but add good flavor).  Sprinkle on flour and mix in.  Cook for one minute.  Add squid, cook for one minute stirring constantly.  Slowly add broth stirring constantly until liquid boils and thickens. Heat should be high enough that it boils quickly - don't overcook squid! Remove mixture immediately to a serving bowl (leaving in skillet may overcook squid). Taste and add salt and pepper to taste.  It is important to taste first because broth, anchovy paste, and cooking wine (I don't recommend) all may contain significant salt.
Serve over linguini or your favorite pasta (we use whole wheat pasta).  Sprinkle with parmesan.  Serve with a tossed salad and you have a complete meal.

Submitter: 
LASHER62
Description: 
A simple, flavorful, healthy recipe for calamari (squid).  This would also be good with shrimp or scallops (or a combination).
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
