URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62089974/baked-nachos-supreme/
Title:
Baked Nachos Supreme Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 pounds ground beef or combo of 1 pound ground beef, and 1 pound ground breakfast sausage or Mexican sausage
1 chopped onion
1 pack dry taco seasoning
3/4 cup water
1 15-16 oz. can refried beans
1 teaspoon chilli powder
1/4 cup salsa
1/4 cup cheese
1 15-16 oz. can petite diced tomatoes, drained
1 15- 16 oz. can whole golden sweet corn drained
1 teaspoon chilli powder
1 teaspoon black pepper
1/2 green bell pepper, chopped
1/2 red bell pepper, chopped
3-4 sliced hot peppers of choice and heat (with children, I use mild banana pepper rings)
1/4 cup thinly sliced green onions, tops included
1 small can sliced black olives, drained
8 oz. finely shredded cheese of choice (we used Cheddar/Jack blend)
1 large bag of nacho corn chips
Optionals: sour cream, salsa, and heated cheddar cheese dip, sliced green onions

Directions:
Brown the hamburger or hamburger/sausage with the chopped onion, drain.
Add taco seasoning with water to meat and bring to a simmer.
Preheat oven to 350° F.
In a medium saucepan, add salsa,  cheese,and chilli powder to refried beans, and heat until smooth.
In a 9x13 baking dish, evenly spread meat mixture over the bottom of the pan, patting down slightly.
Spread heated refried bean mixture over the meat mixture.
Mix together the tomatoes, corn, and chilli powder, and  black pepper.
Spread tomato/corn mixture evenly over the refried beans layer.
Toss together the chopped bell peppers, pepper slices, sliced green onions, and sliced black olives.
Sprinkle this evenly over the tomato/corn layer.
Cover the top evenly with the shredded cheese.
Place in oven and bake uncovered for 15-20 minutes, or until cheese has melted.
Serve on top of nacho chips, with optional dollops sour cream, salsa, heated cheddar cheese dip, and/or green onions. Makes 8 hearty helpings.

Submitter: 
JOYCE
Description: 
A Nacho Recipe that has it all in it, and makes a very filling  meal the whole family will enjoy, that can be whipped up in no time flat!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
