URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62088002/shrimp-etouffe/
Title:
Shrimp Etouffe Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/4 cup of veggie oil or butter (I'd suggest a European blend butter as it has a higher fat content and will not burn as readily as regular butter)
1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons flour
1-2 cups of milk
1 bottle clam juice
water
4 cloves of garlic
2 Stalks Celery chopped
1 Green Pepper chopped
1 Onion choppen
1 bunch scallions chopped
1 lb. Shrimp peeled and deveined
1/2 lemon
Salt to taste  (it can hold alot of salt)
White Pepper to taste
1 tablespoons cajun seasoning
a few dashes of worcestershire sauce

Directions:
Make a roux, add the butter to pan with flour and cook on medium low heat. If you never made a roux before, you must be careful not to burn it. It requires constant stirring and patience, but the results far exceed the effort. You want to cook the roux, constantly stirring until it becomes the color of peanut butter about 20-30 minutes on medium low heat. This will impart a rich flavor to the final product.
Make sure all you veggies are nicely diced about 1/4 inch before hand. Add all the veggies and garlic to the roux, watch for splatter, roux is referred to as "Cajun napalm." Saute veggies in roux to translucent.  About ten minutes.
Add milk then clam juice and stir constantly.  Come to boil and let thicken. You will notice that it will be super thick, don't worry, just add water till you have a gravy like consistency. Only add a little at a time though as too much will be hard to reconcile without extra roux. You basically want it thick like gravy though. Also when you add the shrimp it will release a juice which will dilute it further so don't go to nuts with the water just yet.
taste for seasoning. It will be bland, very bland. Add salt, this puppy can hold a lot of salt, no joke. I musta put several tablespoons in mine but I was just eyeballing it. Also add white pepper about a tablespoon.
Add shrimp and Cajun spice blend, stir and cook till shrimp are pink.
Add scallion and Worcestershire sauce,.
Remove from heat and squeeze in lemon.  Allow to cool a little and spoon over rice.

Submitter: 
Six Pack To Go
Description: 
A cajun classic made with a peanut butter roux, if you never made a roux before this is a good one to try on.  The key is time and patience.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
1 h 15
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
