URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62085128/classic-spanish-tortilla-de-patata/
Title:
Classic Spanish Tortilla De Patata Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8 Cups thinly sliced potatoes
1/4 Tbls salt sprinkled over raw sliced potatoes
3 Cups olive oil, (EVOO if possible)
7 Eggs beaten in a large bowl
4 Tbls olive oil
** You can make 3-4 individual size tortillas with this recipe by using a small fry pan at step #5. Its much easier if you haven’t made tortilla de patata before.

Directions:
1) In a large skillet type pan heat olive oil until it is at a light sizzling point when you dip a sliced potato in it.
2) Place all potatoes in pan Carefully and fry on med-high heat. Use your spatula to move the potatoes around during frying so the ones at the bottom don’t crisp; you want them soft but not mushy. As they soften cut them down using your spatula so they are no longer large slices but small.
3) Set aside for a few moments to cool then strain and place in the large bowl containing the beaten eggs. Mix together so potatoes are totally immersed with the egg.
4) In a large fry pan (*one that will fit a large dinner plate placed upsidedown in it snugly) heat the 4 Tbls of oil on med-high heat. Place all your mix in the pan.
5) Use your spatula to round the sides of the tortilla as it fry’s. Once you see that the underside is golden place your dinner plate on it upside-down and flip tortilla on to the plate. (* Use a non-slip kitchen towel in your hand when you flip, as it will hold the heat from the tortilla from burning your hand thru the plate)
6) Now carefully slide the tortilla back into the pan and fry the other side. Again round the edges using your spatula. Use the tip of a knife to peek into the tortilla and make sure the egg is no longer runny.
7) Slide your tortilla on to a clean dinner plate and let sit for 5-10 mins. Then cut into small squares or like pizza slices.

Submitter: 
Desi Carrimko
Description: 
This delicious Tortilla is described as a large potato omelet. It is a staple food in all homes in Spain. It is great served warm and even better cold as a finger food item at parties or picnics.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
60 mins
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
