URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62086791/rebeccas-lasagna-extraordinaire/
Title:
Rebecca's Lasagna Extraordinaire Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound ground mild italian sausage
1 (8 oz) package uncooked lasagna noodles (about 9 noodles)
1 1/3 cups cottage cheese
3/4 cup cream cheese, softened
2/3 cup ricotta cheese
1/4 cup grated fresh parmesan cheese
1/2 cup shredded mozzarella cheese
2 tbsp minced fresh chives
1 tsp prepared Dijon mustard
1/2 tsp salt
1/2 tsp dry mustard
1/2 tsp ground black pepper
4 garlic cloves, minced
1 large egg, lightly beaten
2 large egg whites only, lightly beaten
1 (26 oz) jar of favorite tomato pasta sauce (I use Barilla Basilico or Al Forno sauces)
Cooking Spray

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Cook noodles according to package directions, omitting salt.
Brown ground italian sausage in large skillet; drain, crumble and set aside.
Combine cottage cheese, cream cheese, and ricotta cheese in a large bowl; stir to blend well. Stir in parmesan cheese, chives, Dijon mustard, salt, dry mustard, black pepper, garlic, and eggs; mix thoroughly.
Combine cooked italian sausage and jar of pasta sauce in a large bowl; stir until well blended.
Spray a 13x9 inch baking dish with cooking spray. Arrange 3 cooked and drained noodles in bottom of dish; top with half of cheese mixture and one third of  meat sauce.  Repeat layers once, ending with noodles.  Spread remaining meat sauce over the noodles.
Bake at 350 degrees uncovered for 20 minutes. Remove from oven and sprinkle with 1/2 cup mozzarella cheese then bake for an additional 20 minutes or until cheese is melted.  Remove from oven and let stand 10 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Irish916
Description: 
The last lasagna recipe you'll ever need!  Full of flavor and brimming with delicious ingredients like mild italian sausage, 5 different cheeses and lots of garlic.  Can also be made lighter using fat free or reduced fat cheeses while retaining it's great taste.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
70 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
