URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62080624/simple-smashed-red-bliss-potatoes/
Title:
simple smashed red bliss potatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
7 or 8 good sized red bliss potatoes
2 tsp. salt
1 stick butter
1/2 cup heavy cream
1 to 2 tbsp dried parsley
1/2 tsp. fresh ground black pepper
1 tsp. garlic powder

Directions:
1.  Wash your potatoes thoroughly.  Do not peel. Cube them up into about 1 inch chunks.  Put them in a pot and fill it with enough cold water to cover the potatoes.  Add 1 tsp. salt.
2.  Bring water up to a boil and let them cook over medium high heat for approx. 25 minutes or until the potatoes are easily pierced with a fork.
3.  Drain potatoes.  Do not put back in pan yet.
4.  Return pan used to cook potatoes in back to the stove and turn the heat to medium low.  Add butter (it might help butter melt faster if you cut it up rather than dump one whole stick in) and let it melt.  Add cream, dried parsley, ground black pepper, the remaining salt and garlic powder to the cream and butter.  Let the mixture warm through until almost bubbling.
5.  Add back to the pan the drained potatoes and smash them up.  I use an avocado masher because the holes aren't as small as the standard potatoe masher and you want your potatoes to be a good mix of potatoe chunks and mashed potatoes.  At first you may find the potatoes too soupy, but as you smash them up the potatoes will suck up all that yummy liquid.  If you find that your potatoes are too dry after giving them a good smash you can always add in a little bit more cream.
6.  Serve immediately

Submitter: 
mam62505
Description: 
These yummy smashed red bliss potatoes are the perfect side to almost any meal!  They are my husband's favorite!!! The best part is that they are really easy to make!  Be careful - there is nothing skinny about these potatoes!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
