URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62082454/perfect-cheese-omelet-with-sauteed-mushroom-thyme-filling/
Title:
Perfect Cheese Omelet with Sauteed Mushroom & Thyme Filling Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Filling
1 tablespoon unsalted butter
1 small shallot, minced (about 1 tablespoon)
2 medium white mushrooms (about 2 ounces), cleaned and cut into slices 1/4 inch thick
1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme leaves
Table salt and ground black pepper
Omelet
3 large eggs
Table salt and ground black pepper
1/2 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus melted butter for brushing finished omelet
3 tablespoons very finely grated Gruyère or other cheese of your choice

Directions:
1. For the Filling: Heat 1 tablespoon butter in medium skillet over medium heat until foaming; add shallot and cook until softened and just beginning to color, about 2 minutes. Add mushrooms. Cook, stirring occasionally, until softened and lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Off heat, stir in thyme leaves and salt and pepper to taste; transfer mixture to small bowl and set aside until ready to use.
2. For the Omelet: Beat eggs and salt and pepper with fork in small bowl until thoroughly combined.
3. Heat butter in 10-inch nonstick skillet over medium-high heat; when foaming subsides and butter just begins to color, pour in eggs. Cook until edges begin to set, 2 to 3 seconds, then, with rubber spatula, stir in circular motion until slightly thickened, about 10 seconds. Use spatula to pull cooked edges in toward center, then tilt pan to one side so that uncooked eggs run to edge of pan. Repeat until omelet is just set but still moist on surface, about 20 to 25 seconds. Sprinkle cheese and filling down center of omelet, perpendicular to handle of skillet.
4. Remove skillet from burner. Use rubber spatula to fold lower third (nearest you) of omelet to center; press gently with spatula to secure seams, maintaining fold.
5. Run spatula between outer edge of omelet and pan to loosen. Jerk pan sharply toward you a few times to slide omelet up far side of pan. Jerk pan again so that 2 inches of unfolded edge folds over itself, or use spatula to fold edge over. Invert omelet onto plate. Tidy edges with spatula, brush with melted butter, and serve.

Submitter: 
Rachel
Description: 
My version of the wonderful omelets served in bistros and eclectic cafes I've visited during business trips.  This filling is particularly good when paired with Gruyere. Be sure to prepare the filling before you begin to make the omelet or omelets.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5
Ready in:
7-10
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
