URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62085751/mushroom-onion-and-bacon-tart/
Title:
Mushroom-Onion and Bacon Tart Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 sheet frozen puff pastry
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
2 cups thinly sliced red onion
8 oz. sliced white button mushrooms
1/4 pound thick-sliced bacon
1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves
1 large egg yolk
1/2 cup ricotta, drained
1 heaping cup grated Gruyere cheese
Salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
1. Thaw puff pastry so it's easy to work with (about 15 minutes). Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
2. Unroll thawed pastry onto a baking sheet. Score edges at 1/4 inch intervals with a paring knife or press edges with a fork. Return the pastry to the freezer until you're ready to use it.
3. Heat a large saute pan on high for 2 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon of olive oil and heat for 1 minute. Lower heat to medium-high. Cut bacon slices into small rectangular pieces and saute in the oil until crisp around the edges but still soft in the center, about 3-4 minutes.
4. Reduce heat to low. Add onions, mushrooms and thyme. Sprinkle with 1/4 teaspoon salt. This will help the vegetables to release their water. Cook, stirring often, until vegetables begin to wilt and most of the water has evaporated. Add fresh ground black pepper to taste. Remove from heat and cool the contents on a platter.
5. Beat the egg yolk and remaining oil into the ricotta until smooth. Season with a little more salt and pepper to taste. Spread the ricotta to within 1/2 inch of the edges of the puff pastry. Sprinkle on the cheese, then cover with the mushroom-onion-bacon mixture.
6. Bake 20-25 minutes until the crust is golden brown and crisp. Cut and serve.

Submitter: 
HEYHON53
Description: 
This recipe was inspired by a tart I tasted in a local French restaurant. It is completely irresistable. Paired with a hearty salad you have a meal that no one will turn away from.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
60 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
