URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62087807/hazelnut-cups/
Title:
Hazelnut Cups Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/4c dark chocolate chips
1 tsp vegetable oil
1c heavy whipping cream
2tsp. sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
3 tbsp. coffee liqueur (Kaluha)
1/2 c Chocolate-Hazelnut spread (Nutella)
Fresh sweetened whipped cream
Hazelnuts, finely chopped
Whole hazelnut-flavored coffee beans

Directions:
CHOCOLATE SHELLS: Place chocolate chips and oil in a microwave-safe coffee mug.  Stir until all chips are coated.  Microwave for 1 minute at 60% power.  Stir.  Microwave at full power for 15 second intervals until melted, stirring after each interval.  Pour a small amount (about 2 tsp.) into small paper cups (approx. 1").  Tip the cups and roll them until they are fully coated in chocolate.  Reserve remaining chocolate.  Place the cups on a baking sheet and place in the refringerator while you make the filling.
FILLING: Stir together cream, vanilla, and liqueur in a large mixing bowl.  Beat on high speed until frothy.  Add in sugar, and continue to beat on high.  Beat until soft peaks form (or until tracks stay in the mixture).  Beat in hazelnut spread on medium heat.  Fold in remaining chocolate quickly.  If the chocolate has started to set up, place in microwave again for 10 seconds at 60% power.
Using a pastry bag, pipe the mouse into each cup, filling it 3/4 of the way.  If a pastry bag is not available, place in a ziplock bag and cut the end tip off.  You might need to use a spoon to smooth the tops.  Place the filled shells in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours.
GARNISH: Top each cup with a small dollop of whipped cream (a pastry bag or ziplock bag with a small tip makes this easier).  Sprinkle each with chopped hazelnuts.  Top with one coffee bean.
Store in the refrigerator until ready to serve.  Store in an airtight container if not being used that day.

Submitter: 
Epcot82Guy
Description: 
This is an easy way to have small, impressive desserts.  It goes together quickly, and it can be adapted easily.  Be sure to allow a good 4 hours in the fridge before serving.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
5 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
