URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62087633/loaded-bechamel-sauce-on-toast/
Title:
Loaded Bechamel Sauce on Toast Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 cups milk
6 tablespoons butter
4 1/2 tablespoons flour
1 large pinch of salt
2 hard-boiled eggs
4 slices ham OR 8 slices bacon
1 tsp olive oil (for frying)
1/2 cup grated Parmesan or gruyere cheese (more to taste)
1/4 cup fresh parsley or chives
black pepper, red pepper flakes and nutmeg to taste
4-6 slices of toasted French sourdough or rustic bread (or any other bread that you like)

Directions:
Prepare the bechamel sauce: warm the milk in a saucepan over medium heat (don't boil it!). In another large saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter (do not let it brown). When it is entirely melted, add the flour all at once. Cook, whisking constantly for about 30 seconds until well blended. Add the hot milk to the flour mixture, little by little, always whisking, until all the milk is used. Place the pan over low heat. Add pinch of salt. Cook, stirring constantly. By and by, the sauce will thicken and become creamier.
While you watch over the sauce, dice the ham and pan-fry it over medium-high heat with a teaspoon of olive oil until lightly golden in color (2-3 minutes). Or, cook the bacon slices to a crisp and crumple them into pieces.
Add the  to the sauce. Slice or dice the eggs and add them too, along with the cheese and parsley. Stir and season with black pepper and nutmeg.
Taste the sauce and adjust the seasonings if need be. Pour the sauce over a large, toasted slice of bread directly into each plate. Carefully sprinkle with red pepper flakes. Garnish with more grated cheese and parsley /chives. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
FrenchGirl
Description: 
Imagine a creamy Bechamel sauce full of delicious ingredients poured over a crispy French bread... this is a casual yet highly satisfying comfort food that will make your family come back for more!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
30 min
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
