URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62086866/black-and-white-cookies/
Title:
Black and White Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
What you need:
1 3/4 cups granulated sugar
1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened
4 large eggs
1 cup milk
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/4 teaspoon lemon extract
2 1/2 cups cake flour
21/2 cups all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking powder
Frosting
4 cups confectioners' sugar
1/3 to 1/2 cup boiling water
1 ounce bittersweet chocolate

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Butter 2 baking sheets and set aside.
In a large mixing bowl, combine the sugar and butter and mix by machine or hand until fluffy.
Add the eggs, milk, and vanilla and lemon extracts and mix until smooth.
In a medium bowl, combine the flours, baking powder, and salt and stir until mixed.
Add the dry ingredients to the wet in batches, stirring well to combine.
Using a soup spoon,or an ice cream scoop, drop spoonfuls of the dough 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets.
Bake until the edges begin to brown, 20 to 30 minutes.
Allow to cool completely.
Make the frosting: Place the confectioners' sugar in a large bowl. Gradually add enough of the boiling water to the sugar, stirring constantly, until mixture is thick and spreadable.
Remove half of the frosting to the top half of a double boiler set over simmering water and add the chocolate.
Warm the mixture, stirring, until the chocolate is melted and the frosting is smooth.
Remove from the heat.
With a brush, coat half the cookie with chocolate frosting and the other half with white frosting.

Submitter: 
melis
Description: 
Traditional Black and White cookies, more like cake than a cookie but oh so good. Just like you get in NYC

A Tablespoon of oil added to the frosting will keep the glossy look on the frosting
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1-1/2 h
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
