URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62085844/fireside-bread/
Title:
Fireside Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 2/3 cups water
2 1/2 cups whole wheat flour
1 cup all purpose flour
1/4 cup wheat germ
1/4 cup flaxseed
2 Tablespoons millet (optional)
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1/3 cup honey
3 Tablespoons olive oil
2 1/2 teaspoons fast-rising yeast
1 Tablespoon olive oil

Directions:
1.  Place the ingredients (except 1 Tablespoon olive oil) into your bread machine in the order recommended for your machine.
2.  Let your machine do the mixing and kneading, then remove the dough.  Place in a large oiled bowl, turn to coat other side, cover with plastic wrap, set in a warm place and let rise until double, about 1 1/2 hours.
3.Remove from bowl, punch down, knead 10-12 times and shape into a ball.  Place in the center of a pizza/bread stone (metal pizza pan will work; reduce baking time)and gently flatten the top to make a round loaf shape.  Brush top and sides of dough with olive oil, cover with plastic wrap or invert a large bowl over the top of the dough.  Set in a warm place and let rise until double.
4.  Preheat oven to 350 degrees.   Place bread in oven and bake for 20 minutes.  Check the crust to see if it is golden brown.  If not, check again every 5 minutes.  When it is golden brown, cover with foil and bake an additional 10 minutes. (If you do not cover with foil, the bread will become too dark.)  Remove from oven.
5.  Allow bread to cool for 10 minutes; loosen bottom of bread with a spatula.  Using hot pads, remove the bread from the stone and place on cooling rack.  Cover with dish towels and let cool.  When bread is completely cool, store tightly covered or in extra-large plastic baggie.
Note:
1.  Do not allow to rise in your bread machine.  This makes a large loaf, and it will make a mess in your machine!
2.  If you slice a chunk off the end to enjoy...and then slice the loaf in half in the other direction, making two halves with one end of each cut off...they will fit nicely into two gallon size baggies.

Submitter: 
CALLALILLIE
Description: 
This is a tender, delicious loaf packed with whole grain nutrition!  The kind of bread you'd eat in a rustic cabin, sitting by the fire...
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
3 hrs
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
