URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62085313/beer-braised-irish-stew-and-calcannon/
Title:
Beer Braised Irish Stew and Calcannon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 lb. chuck or arm roast or stew meat
1 T. vegtable oil
2 T flour
1 c. coarsley chopped onion
1 c. coarsley chopped carrot
12 oz. dark beer
2 bay leaves
1 t thyme
1 t salt
1/2 t pepper
2 cloves garlic, minced
2 T Worchestershire sauce
Colcannon
2 lbs. russet potatoes, peeled and cut into large pieces
2 c. thinly sliced cabbage
1/4 C. milk, warmed
2 T butter or margarine
1/2 t salt
1/4 t ground black pepper
3 strips bacon, cooked and crumbles
2 T minced fresh parsely

Directions:
Cut meat into 1/2 inch cubes (or have butcher do it), discarding as much visible fat as possible.  Heat oil in dutch oven over med-high heat.  Add half of beef and cook until well crowned on all sides.  Transfer meat to plate and repeat with remainig meat.  Return beef to dutch oven and sprinkle with flour; toss to coat.  Stir in remaining ingredients.  Bring to boil over m-h heat.  Cover and cook 325 degree oven for 45 minutes.   Stir and continue cooking uncovered until meat is fork tender and liquid is reduced by one-half, about 45 minutes.
Colcannon
Place potatoes on a large saucpan covered with cold water.  Bring to a boil over med-high heat.  Reduce heat and simmer until tender; about 15*20 minutes.  Meanwhile, place cabbage in a microwave safe dush and add 2T water.  Cover and microwave on hight for 4-*5 minutes stirring halfway through cooking time, or until crisp tender.  Let stand covered.  Drain potatoes and place in a large bowl.  Add milk, butter, salt and pepper.  BEat with an electric mixer to desired consistency.  Drain cabbage; stir into potatoes along with the bacon and parsely.
scoop out a serving of Colcannon and top with stew.

Submitter: 
Maureen Kelly-Nikolaisen
Description: 
This is a recipe I shared with my girlfiends from my recipe club last year!  It is a yummy alternative to corn beef for ST. Pat's Day and a wonderful anytime dish!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
2 hrs
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
