URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62082476/coffee-pudding-cake/
Title:
Coffee Pudding Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, plus extra to grease the pan
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1/8 teaspoon table salt
3 large egg yolks
2 tablespoons unbleached all-purpose flour
1/3 cup strong coffee, cooled
2 tablespoons coffee liqueur
1 cup whole milk
4 large egg whites

Directions:
1. Adjust oven rack to center position and heat oven to 325 degrees. Lightly butter pan or baking molds of choice. Lay folded dish towel in bottom of roasting pan and set molds or pan inside. Bring several quarts of water to boil for water bath.
2. Meanwhile, in mixing bowl mash 2 tablespoons butter together with sugar and salt with back of wooden spoon until crumbly. Beat in yolks, then flour, mixing until smooth. Slowly beat in coffee and coffee liqueur, then stir in milk. Beat egg whites to stiff, moist peaks. Gently whisk whites into batter just until no large lumps remain.
3. Immediately ladle (don’t pour) batter into pan, custard cups, or ramekins. Set baking pan on oven rack. Pour enough boiling water into roasting pan to come halfway up sides of baking pan or molds. Bake until pudding cake center is set and springs back when gently touched, about 25 minutes. Remove roasting pan from oven and let pan or molds continue to stand in water bath for 10 minutes. Pudding cakes can be served warm, at room temperature, or even chilled.

Submitter: 
Rachel
Description: 
A hearty, rich cake perfect for those cold fall nights.

This pudding cake can be made in any of the following: 6 - 3/4 cup custard cups; 4 - 1 1/3 cup ramekins or miniature souffle cups; 1 - 9 round cake pan; 1 - 8 square cake pan. All pudding cakes, regardless of pan size, require the same baking time. This cake tastes best when made with super-strong coffee. The easiest way to make it strong is to cover 1/3 cup finely ground coffee with 2/3 cup boiling water and let it stand for 5 minutes, then drip through a coffee filter.

Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
40
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
