URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62082761/chicken-pot-pie/
Title:
Chicken Pot Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups of all-purpose flour
1 teaspon salt
1 cup of shortening
1/2 cup of water
1 lb of skinless, boneless chicken breat halves (cubed)
1 cup of sliced carrots
1 cup frozen green peas
1 cup of potato (cubed)
1/3 cup of butter
1/3 cup of chopped onions
1/3 cup of all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon of salt (to your preference)
1/4 teaspoon of black pepper
1/4 teaspoon of celery seed
1+3/4 cups chicken broth
2/3 cup milk

Directions:
In a large bowl, combine flour and salt. Cut in shortening until mixture and mix till it resembes like crumbs. Stir in water and mix. Divide dough into two balls, wrap them in plastic and refrigerate for 4 hours or for overnight.
Mold doughs to fit the base and top of the 9'' inch pan.
Preheat the oven to 425 degree F (220 degrees C).
In the saucepan, combine cooked chicken, carrots, peas and potatoe. Add water to cover, couple dash of salt, and boil for 15 minutes. Remove from heat, drain and set it aside.
In the saucepan over medium heat, stir fry the oinions in butter until soft and translucent. Stir in flour, salt, pepper and celery seed. Slowly stir in chicken broth and milk. Simmer over medium heat until sauce thickens.
Bake the base dough of the pie for 7 minutes.
After which, place chicken mixture in the bottom pie crust, pour the hot liquid mixture over the chicken mixture and mix. Sprinkle more salt if desire. Now cover it with the top crust and seal edges. Make a cross hatch on top to allow steam to escape.
Bake in the preheated oven for 30 to 35 minutes, or until pastry is golden brown. Cool for 10 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
INSPIRON41
Description: 
I searched through all the chicken pot pie recipes on this website and each recipe seemed to lacked an ingrediant or two that I wanted. So, this recipe is a combination of several of the pot pies on this website made completely from scratch.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40
Ready in:
75
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
