URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62086226/lamb-and-root-vegetable-stew/
Title:
Lamb and Root Vegetable Stew Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil
1/2 pound boneless lamb loin chops or shoulder, cut into 1-inch cubes (can use more if desired)
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 leek, trimmed, well washed and chopped
2 stalks celery, sliced
1/3 cup all-purpose flour
salt, to taste
pepper, to taste
2 cans chicken broth (not concentrated)
1 cup hubbard squash, peeled and cut into 1-inch cubes (about 3/4 pound)
1 parsnip, peeled and cut into 1-inch pieces
1 medium turnip, peeled and cut into 1-inch pieces
2 large carrots, cut into 1-inch pieces
1/2 large eggplant, cut into 1-inch pieces

Directions:
1. Heat a large Dutch oven (at least 5 quarts) over medium heat.
2. Add olive oil.
3. Add garlic, leeks, and celery and saute until translucent.
4. Meanwhile, place lamb cubes into a zipper bag and add flour and salt and pepper to taste. Shake to thoroughly coat meat. Add meat to the pan and brown (about 5 minutes), scraping up bits of flour from bottom of pan.
5. Add remainder of flour from zipper bag. Cook and stir until roux is browned (about 7 or 8 minutes).
6. Add chicken broth. Stir, scraping up any stuck-on bits.
7. Salt and pepper the remaining vegetables to taste before adding to pot. Stir squash, parsnip, carrots, turnip, and eggplant into the pot. Bring temperature up to just below a boil. Stir, cover, and turn heat to low.
8. Simmer until vegetables are tender (about 2 hours). Test for seasoning, adding more salt and pepper if necessary.
9. Serve with lots of good crusty bread and butter.
Note: I followed the instructions of the tv chefs and "seasoned all the layers." I probably used a total of 1 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon of pepper. It was perfect. No more seasoning was required at the table. If desired, a little hot sauce might be a good addition. Plus, if you're serving more than 1 child, use more lamb so they don't fight over it like mine did. You can also use more or less of each vegetable or even different vegetables if you like.

Submitter: 
Lauri Holmes
Description: 
This is a thick savory stew with loads of winter root vegetables and a little bit of lamb. It is a great way to warm up a cold winter's night.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2:30
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
