URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62085529/awesome-pulled-pork-bbq/
Title:
Awesome Pulled Pork BBQ Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
ROAST INGREDIENTS
1-5 pound Boneless Pork Loin
1-14 1/2 ounce Can Chicken Broth
Salt to Taste
Pepper to Taste
Garlic Powder to Taste
Poultry Seasoning to Taste
1 Apple, quartered and cored (do not peel)
1 Large Onion
3 Ribs Celery
BBQ SAUCE INGREDIENTS
1 1/2 Cups Chopped Onion
2 Cups Chopped Celery
1/2 Cup Butter
2/3 Cup Apple Cider Vinegar
1/2 Cup Brown Sugar
4 Cups Prepared Ketchup
4 Tablespoons Worcestershire Sauce
2 Tablespoons Prepared Mustard
1 Tablespoon Garlic Powder
1 Tablespoon Liquid Hickory Smoke
2 Cups Water

Directions:
Place the pork loin roast in the slow cooker.  Season with spices.  Peel onion and quarter and place along sides of roast.  Place celery and quarters of unpeeled apple along the sides of roast also.  Pour chicken broth over all.  Slow cook for 8 hours.  Remove from slow cooker to a large platter.  Disguard juice and vegetables.  Shred or pull apart with a fork.  Meat will be very tender and pull apart easily.  Return pulled pork to the slow cooker and smother with pre-prepared BBQ Sauce.
While pork loin is cooking, prepare the BBQ Sauce as follows.  In a large sauce pan or small dutch oven, melt the butter.  Place chopped onion and celery in the melted butter and sauté until transparent over medium heat.  Add the remainder of the ingredients.  Stir to incorporate.  Simmer over low heat stirring occasionally until thick and to prevent sticking.  Smother shredded pork loin with sauce and heat on low heat in the slow cooker for 2 hours.  Serve on Hamburger or Sub Rolls.  This maybe made a day ahead of schedule and placed in the refrigerator to further enhance the flavor.

Submitter: 
Randy
Description: 
This is a Pulled Pork BBQ that is sure to please everyones taste.  Best to use a slow cooker!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 h
Ready in:
10 h
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
