URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62082936/italian-honey-knots/
Title:
Italian Honey Knots Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups (plus some more) flour
1 egg
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 egg yolk
3/4 cup honey (full flavored honey is best.... like buckwheat but if you like mild flavored honey etc. go with the clover).
1/4 cup white sugar
1 stick unsalted butter
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
For glaze(optional):
confectioner's sugar
cream or milk
pinch (tiny) of salt
orange flower water
rose water (optional)
vanilla extract
For decoration:
chopped, skinned almonds (enough for sprinklng on top)
non pareil sprinkles

Directions:
First cream softened (room temperature) butter and sugar together. Next add egg, egg yolk and honey and vanilla. Next dry ingredients (flour baking powder and salt) add the 2 cups flour plus a little extra if needed (you may very well need a bit extra of flour) to make a soft cookie dough. (don't add too much flour or make too firm).
Next chill dough for at least a couple hours or untill somewhat firm (dough must be chilled).
When dough is chilled preheat oven to 325 and prepare cookie sheet with parchment paper.
Roll out pieces of the dough (using flour on hands/ board if necessary) to make a about 5 inch long piece that is about 1/2 inch wide. Now make this rope into an 8 shape. pinch the two free ends together. Make sure it is together so that it doesn't pop open upon baking. Proceed like this with the rest of the dough. Placing each 8 on the cookie sheet about 1-2 inches apart.
Now this is where your personal preference comes in. If you like a less sweet cookie glaze each cookie before baking with an egg wash (egg yolk and a little water) and sprinkle sprinkles and nuts on top of this. Bake. Or if you like a sweeter cookie proceed as directed (following) to make a glaze for after baking.
Bake cookies 10 minutes or more in 325 oven untill they are golden brown on bottom and look done. Let cookies cool thoroughly.
If you are using glaze apply to cookies when cool. prepare glaze....  make a confectioner's sugar glaze with confectioner's sugar, cream (or milk) a pinch of salt and 1 teasopon of vanilla and 1 teaspoon to 1 tablespoon orange flower (depending on taste/preference) water and 1 teaspoon rose water (optional). (you can omit orange flower water and rose water if you like but it (orange flower in this recipe especially) adds a great flavor). Make a somewhat runny glaze and glaze each cookie sprinklingt on sprinkles and nuts while glaze is wet. Let glaze dry, serve and enjoy! Buon appetito!

Submitter: 
FRIENDLYFOOD
Description: 
I forget the Italian name but my Napoletan grandmother used to make these delicious Italian honey knot cookies especially for a holiday. They are honey rich and tinged with the flavors of orange blossom. Sprinkles and almonds give a crunch and a decorative flair. If you love Italian cookies or honey ... or are just looking for a different kind of cookie to try be sure to try these. A holiday favorite! Molto delicioso!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min.
Ready in:
1/2 h
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
