URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62089400/sausage-peppers-onion-bake/
Title:
Sausage, Peppers & Onion Bake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 pounds "hot" Italian sausage links  (use mild sausage for a less spicy dish)
3 green bell peppers
3 red bell peppers
3 large onions
2 jars (26 oz.) of your favorite pasta sauce
1/4 cup worcestershire sauce (use 1/3 cup if you want more spice in vegetables)
1 cup sharp cheddar cheese (shredded)
1/4 cup parsley flakes
1 teaspoon onion powder
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon oregano
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Chop peppers into long, thin strips.  Cut onions into 1/4 inch rings.
Cook sausage in a large, deep pan until heated through (approximately 10 minutes).  Remove from pan, and place on paper towels to soak up excess grease.  Remove grease from pot.
Deglaze pan with worcestershire sauce, picking up all the brown bits of sausage on the bottom of the pan.  Add peppers and onions and stir to coat.  Add salt and pepper to taste.  Cook until peppers and onions are soft (about 25 - 30 minutes).
Cut sausages into bite size pieces.
Heat the 2 jars of tomato sauce.  Add parsley flakes, onion powder, garlic powder and oregano.  Add sausage pieces.  Heat for approximately 10 minutes, until flavors have melded together.
Add tomato sauce and sausage mixture to peppers and onions.  Stir to coat.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Pour sauce, sausage and pepper and onion mixture into an 11x13 baking dish.  Top with cheddar cheese.  Bake approximately 10 minutes, or until cheese has melted and turned golden brown.
Serve with your favorite pasta and Italian bread.

Submitter: 
Eileen Fuore
Description: 
This is a recipe I created to mirror a dish in one of my favorite Italian restaurants.  It's easy, spicy and oh-so-delicious!  Serve with your favorite pasta and Italian bread  to soak up all the flavoful sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
