URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62086763/waldorf-astoria-red-velvet-cake-with-cooked-frosting/
Title:
Waldorf Astoria Red Velvet Cake with cooked frosting Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup butter
1-1/2 cups sugar
2 eggs
1 ts. vanilla
1 ts. butter flavor
2 bottles(1oz.each)red food coloring
2-1/2 cups cake flour
2 TBLS. cocoa powder
1 ts. baking soda
1 cup buttermilk
1 ts vinegar
For the Frosting
1-1/2 cups milk
1/2 cup flour
1-1/2 cups butter, softened
1-1/2 cups sugar
1-1/2 ts. vanilla
1-1/2 ts. butter flavoring

Directions:
In a large bowl, cream butter and sugar until fluffy.
Add eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition.
Beat in vanilla, butter flavoring and food coloring, if desired.
Combine buttermilk and vinegar.
Combine flour, cocoa and soda.
Add flour mixture alternately with buttermilk mixture to the creamed mixture.
Pour into 2(or 3) greased and floured 9-in. round cake pans.
Bake at 350 for 15-20 minutes or until cakes test done. Cool in pans 15 minutes before removing to finish cooling.
For the Frosting
Whisk together flour and milk in a saucepan. Cook, stirring constantly, until thick, about 5 minutes.
Cover and cool.
In a mixing bowl, cream butter. Gradually add sugar; beat well.
Add vanilla and butter flavoring, beat well.
Gradually add cooled milk mixture and beat until very light, about 4-6 minutes.
*notes* I usually do the milk and flour for the frosting before I start the cake and place it in the fridge to get cold, be sure the butter and sugar are creamed very well before adding the cold milk-flour mixture to it otherwise it will break.

Submitter: 
melis
Description: 
The one TRUE red velvet cake from the famed Waldorf Astoria.

A delightful butter flavored cake that is impressive enough for royalty yet simple enough for every day.

My grandmother made this family favorite until passing the recipe down to me, it is an amazing cake and my all time favorite dessert, buttery rich and beautiful. 

Great served cold with a big icy cold glass of milk
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
