URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62087268/ginas-creamy-mushroom-lasagna/
Title:
Gina's Creamy Mushroom Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 cups of button or cremini mushrooms
1 cup of diced red peppers
1 cup of chopped shallots
2 cloves of garlic, minced
1/4 cup of chopped flatleaf parsley
1 tsp chili flakes (optional)
2 tbs Olive Oil
4 cups of milk
2 tbs flour
1/4 cup butter
1 1/2 cups of Ricotta Cheese
12 large lasagna noodles
1 cup of parmesean cheese
1 cup of mozzerella cheese
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
For the Filling:
Add Olive oil to a large Sauce pan and allow to heat at medium-high.  Add the garlic and shallots, and allow them to cook until translucent.  Add the Chili flakes and red peppers, and allow them to cook for 1-2 mins.  Add the Mushrooms, and mix all the ingredients well. Add Salt and pepper over the entire mixture.  Cook until the mushrooms begin to grill and caramalize, add the ricotta cheese and then set aside.
For the Sauce:
Add butter to a pan set at medium heat, and allow it to melt.  Add the flour and whisk together.  Then add the milk and continue to whisk, add some salt and pepper to taste.  Continue to whisk the sauce until it begins to thicken.  If it looks too dry add milk, and if it looks too runny add a bit of flour.
Assembly:
Pre-heat oven to 350 degrees F.
Grease your lasagna tray, with kitchen spray or olive oil.
place a small amount of sauce to coat the bottom, add a layer of lasagna noodles, 1/3 of the mushroom mixture, and then 1/3 of the sauce, continue to layer the ingredients until there are about 3 layers in total.  Top with cheese, and bake for half and hour to forty minutes.  Allow the lasagna to rest for 10 minutes, and enjoy

Submitter: 
Gina
Description: 
If your like mushrooms then this recipe is right up your alley.  Its great to make for dinner, or entertaining.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
80 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
