URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62080270/bastilla/
Title:
Bastilla Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 chicken
1 onion, chopped
1/2 teaspoon ginger
1/2 teaspoon turmeric
1/2 teaspoon black pepper
1 whole cinnamon stick
1 C chopped cilantro
6 eggs
1/2 lb. almonds
1/2 C sugar
2 tablespoons cinnamon
2 large sheets phyllo pastry dough
1/4 C melted butter
For Garnish
confectioner's sugar
additional cinnamon

Directions:
Boil chicken in enough water to keep covered along with the chopped onion and spices until cooked, about 30 minutes. Drain chicken, reserving about 1/4 cup of the cooking liquid. Bone the chicken and cut the meat into small pieces.
Cook eggs, along with 1/4     cup reserved cooking liquid from chicken in a large skillet until soft scrambled, do not overcook the eggs. Mix cooked eggs with chicken meat until well combined.
Process almonds, sugar and cinnamon in a food processor until almonds are crushed.
The above three steps can be done ahead of time, if desired. refriegarate ingredients until ready to cook.
Phyllo dough can be a little tricky to work with. For best results, thaw completely. It's important to keep the dough you are going to work with wrapped in a slightly damp kitchen towel, as the dough dries out very quickly and becomes fragile and breaks apart. To prepare for the recipe,   separated two large sheets of dough, folded each sheet in half, then in half again and wrapped them in a damp towel.
Brush an oven-proof skillet with melted butter. Unfold layer a phyllo pastry a little more than halfway across the skillet followed by another layer of dough over the other half overlapping the two pieces in the middle.
Spread about 1/3 cup of the crush almond mixture over the bottom of the dough followed by the chicken egg mixture, followed by another layer of almonds
Carefully fold over the phyllo dough on all sides then brush the top of the pastry with melted butter.
Bake the bastilla in a 350° F. oven for about 12-15 minutes or until lightly browned Carefully turn skillet upside-down on plate to remove bastilla.
Sift a heavy layer of confectioner's sugar over the Bastilla.Pinching cinnamon between your fingers, draw a criss-cross pattern of cinnamon over the layer of confectioner's sugar Take a paper towel and wipe away excess sugar from the edges of the plate. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
malak
Description: 
In Morocco, Bastilla is traditionally made with pigeon, but you can also make it with chicken, seafood. In this recipe we'll be making the chicken version.
This recipe features layers of chicken, eggs and crushed almonds encased in phyllo pastry, all topped with cinnamon and powdered sugar. 

Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40min
Ready in:
55min
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
