URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62084806/authentic-skyline-chile/
Title:
Authentic Skyline Chile Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 quart water
2 pounds ground chuck, crumbled
2 medium onions, finely chopped
5-6 cloves garlic, crushed (use garlic press) or minced
1 (15 ounce) can tomato sauce
2 tablespoons cider vinegar
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
10 peppercorns, ground
8 whole allspice, ground
8 whole cloves, ground
1 large bay leaf
2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
1 1/2 teaspoons cayenne pepper
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1/2 ounce unsweetened chocolate, grated

Directions:
Bring water to boil in a 4-6 quart pot. Add the ground chuck (do not brown first). Stir until separated and reduce heat to simmer. Add onions, garlic, tomato sauce, cider vinegar, and Worcestershire sauce. Stir to mix well. Add peppercorns, allspice, cloves, bay leaf, salt, cinnamon, cayenne pepper and grated unsweetened chocolate. Bring back to a boil, then reduce to simmer for 2 1/2 hours cooking time in all. Cool uncovered and refrigerate overnight.
Skim all or most of the fat and discard. Discard bay leaf. Reheat and serve over hot spaghetti, cooked al dente.
Optional toppings
Finely-grated Cheddar cheese, chopped onion, red kidney beans. Serve oyster crackers and red pepper sauce on the side.
Two-Way - spaghetti and chili
Three-Way - spaghetti, chili and Cheddar cheese
Four-Way - spaghetti, chili, Cheddar and chopped onion
Five-Way - spaghetti, chili, Cheddar, onions and red kidney beans
NOTE: The original recipe for Cincinnati Chili was created by John Kiradjieff and first served in Cincinnati's first chili parlor, The Empress, sometime in the 1920s.

Submitter: 
DaveM
Description: 
Skyline Chili (A.K.A. - Cincinnati, Gold Star or Empress Chili) There are no crushed tomatoes or chili powder in it and the ground beef is not pre-browned. The Worcestershire sauce, cider vinegar (not white), cloves, cumin, chocolate and cayenne pepper are all essential to the recipe as are the amounts of onion and garlic.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min.
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
