URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62088870/vietnamese-spicy-beef-stew/
Title:
Vietnamese Spicy Beef Stew Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 Onions -- medium
6 Tbsp Yellow bean sauce
2 Garlic cloves
1 Tsp Chili powder
12 Shallots or Pickling Onions
4 Star Anise -- whole
1 Stick lemon grass OR  3 X 1" strip lemon rind
1 stick cinnamon
1/2 tsp Whole peppercorns
7 tbsp Vegetable oil
2 tbsp Sugar
3 lb Stewing beef in 1" cubes

Directions:
Peel and finely chop onions and garlic. Peel shallots and leave them whole. Cut lemon grass into 2" sections, after discarding the strawlike top. Crush each section. Put 3 tablespoons of oil into a non-stick frying pan and set on a medium- high heat. When it's hot, add the onions, garlic and shallots and fry for 2 mins. Add the lemon grass, but not the lemon rind if you are using it as a substitute. Continue to fry until onions are lightly browned. Turn off the heat and remove the shallots from the pan and put them aside. Put the remaining 4 tablespoons of oil in a large, preferably non-stick pan and set over a high heat. when hot, add enough beef cubes to form a single layer in the pan. Brown the cubes and remove, replacing with more beef until they are all brown. Return all browned beef to pan and add 1.75 pints water as well as the onion, garlic and lemon grass mixture. Add yellow bean sauce, chilli powder, star anise, cinnamon, peppercorns and sugar. Bring to the boil then cover, lowering the heat and simmering gently for 1 1/2 hours. Add the reserved shallots and the lemon rind (if you are using it), cover again and simmer for 15 mins. Remove the lid, raise the heat to medium and cook further for 15-20 mins or until the sauce has thickened a little and the meat is tender. Spoon the fat off the top before serving with either rice or crusty french bread.

Submitter: 
KIKI810
Description: 
I fell in love with this comforting spicy soup when my friend, Susan brought it me after a hospital stay.  She happily gave me the recipe that had come from her great-grandmother in Vietnam.  I try to make this soup at least once a month.  It truely warms your soul.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
2.25 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
