URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62088198/the-ultimate-celery-root-salad/
Title:
The Ultimate Celery Root Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 large firm celery root with leaves
1/4 c chopped cilantro
3T chopped pecans, walnuts, or hazelnuts
1/2 lemon, zested and juiced
1/3 c mayonnaise (lite is ok)
1/4 t ground coriander (no pepper)
1/4 t celery seed
1/4 t salt (optional)

Directions:
Wash celery root and leaves.  Cut up the leaves and some of the stalk so that you have about a cup of celery root leaves and put in a large bowl.  The stalks of a celery root can be a little tougher than those of stalk celery, but I like them because of the color they add.  (If your celery root did not have leaves and you want some, use the leaves and a rib of regular celery.)  Cut the skin off the celery root with a good sharp vegetable peeler or knife, try to get rid of the brown stuff as it doesn't look good in the salad. Cut the root in half.  If it is brown on the inside, the root is no good.  If it is white, take a root half and slice it on the fine (1/8th) julienne blade of a mandoline or a food processor (the 1/4" julienne blade is way too thick).  Grate over the large bowl if you like.  Add the cilantro and pecans to the large bowl.  In a small bowl, toss the dressing ingredients together and add to the large bowl.  Toss with a large spoon and taste.  You may need more dressing if it is a really large root.  Refrigerate til serving time; it is better if it has at least 30 minutes to help the root become more tender, just the way coleslaw improves.  Will last a couple of days in the fridge. . . that is, if you don't eat it all the first night!
If you don't want such a large salad, you can save half the root and use celery root cooked in soup or like a potato.

Submitter: 
RUTHWARD
Description: 
I love to make this nutty salad when I find celery roots which are firm and have the green leafy tops on them.  You need to own a mandoline with a fine julienne blade or this salad will not have the correct texture.  Celery root or celery rave is popular in Europe.  Adding the leaves, nuts, and cilantro is my touch.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
20
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
