URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62094161/grouper-with-lobster-portofino-sauce/
Title:
Grouper with Lobster Portofino Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
5 tablespoons butter, seperated
1/2 cup chopped onions
1/4 cup chopped celery
1/4 cup chopped carrots
2 tablespoons minced shallots
1 tablespoon minced garlic
4 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1/4 cup cognac or brandy
Reserved shells from 1 or 2 lobsters
2 cups chicken stock or broth
3 tablespoons tomato paste
1/4 teaspoon paprika
1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1 cup heavy cream
1 dozen medium shrimp, steamed, and shelled
1 1/2 lbs grouper filets
2 1/2 teaspoons blackened fish seasoning, or to taste

Directions:
Heat the oil and melt 4TBS butter in a medium heavy stockpot over medium-high heat. Add the onions, celery, and carrots and cook until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the shallots and garlic and cook until softened, about 2 minutes. Stir in the flour and continue to stir until the mixture is a light blond color, about 2 minutes. Add the brandy and stir for 30 seconds, scraping the bottom of the pot with a wooden spoon to release browned bits. Add the lobster shells, then stir in the chicken stock or broth. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium-low. Add the tomato paste, salt, paprika, and cayenne. Simmer uncovered, stirring often, until the sauce is lightly thickened, about 1 hour.
Strain the sauce through a fine-mesh strainer into a medium saucepan. Add the cream and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer briskly until reduced to about 3 cups, about 15 minutes. Keep warm while cooking fish.
Season grouper filets with blackened seasoning. Melt remaining 1 tablespoon butter in skillet over medium high heat. Add grouper filets and cook 4-5 minutes per side or until done.
To serve, arrange individual pieces of grouper, topped with 3 cooked shrimp each and 2 tablespoons each of the lobster sauce. (Remaining lobster sauce can be stored in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 2 days.)

Submitter: 
Challengergurl
Description: 
I recreated this recipe after a dish I had on a recent trip to the Florida Keys: Blackened grouper filets are topped with a creamy sauce made with lobster and shrimp.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
1 1/2 hrs
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
