URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62090946/mini-potato-and-bacon-pasties/
Title:
Mini Potato and Bacon Pasties Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 egg yolk
2 tablespoons milk
1 1/2 teaspoons poppy seeds
For Shortcrust Pastry:
3 cups plain flour
1 1/8 cup cold butter
2 egg yolks
6 teaspoons iced water (approximately)
For Filling:
3 medium potatoes, chopped
1/2 cup sour cream
1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme
1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives
2 teaspoons seeded mustard
1/7 (30g) cup of butter
1 small onion, chopped
2 cloves garlic, crushed
2 bacon rashers, chopped

Directions:
Sift flour into bowl, rub in butter (or process flour and butter until mixture resembles breadcrumbs)
Add 2 egg yolks and enough water to make ingredients cling together (or process until ingredients just come together)
Pressdough into a ball, knead gently on lightly floured surface until smooth. Wrap in plastic and regrigerate for 30 minutes.
Prepare filling while dough refrigerates.
Boil, steam or microwave potatoes until tender, cool 10 minutes.
Combine potatoes, sour cream, herbs and mustard in bowl; mix well.
Heat butter in pan, add onion, garlic and bacon, cook, stirring, until onion is soft.
Add onion mixture to potato mixture; mix well.
Roll half the pastry between sheets of baking paper until 2mm thick
Cut pastry into 15x10 cm rounds. Repeat with remaining pastry.
Place 1 tablespoon of filling in the centre of each round. Brush edges with combined single egg yolk and milk, fold in half (can use a dumpling press) and pinch edges together to seal.
Place pasties on greased oven trays, brush with remaining milk mixture; sprinkle with poppy seeds.
Bake in moderately hot oven (350- 375 degrees) for about 25 minutes or until pastry is lightly browned.

Submitter: 
Joanna
Description: 
Delectable tastes of these tempting savouries are fun at parties, as appetisers at dinner parties or any time finger food suits the occasion.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
40
Number of servings: 
30
Nutritional Facts:
NA
