URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62098612/savory-stovetop-pot-roast/
Title:
Savory Stovetop Pot Roast Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
One 2.5-3 pound roast (chuck, round, etc.)
2 cloves garlic, sliced into slivers
2 tsp. each salt, pepper, onion powder and garlic powder
2 tbsp. butter
2 medium onions, sliced
1 cup water
1 beef boullion cube
1 cup peeled baby carrots
2 cups quartered large mushrooms
Gravy:
Sauce from roast
2 tbsp flour
1/4 cup water
1/2 tsp. onion powder
1/2 tsp. Gravy Master

Directions:
Remove roast from fridge and remove excess fat from exterior.
Slice small slits into the roast at equal intervals and insert the slivers of garlic into the meat.
Mix salt, pepper, onion powder and garlic powder and rub onto meat.
Allow meat to sit on counter until it has reached room temperature.
Melt 2 tbsp. of butter in large, heavy saucepot.
Add roast to pot and brown on all sides.
Once roast is browned, add onions to pot and brown slightly.
Add water and beef boullion cube.
Cover and simmer for 4 hours, or until roast has reached desired level of tenderness.
One hour prior to completion, add carrots and mushrooms (potatoes or other vegetables can be substituted, if desired -- we prefer to mash our potatoes as a side dish and top them with the gravy below).
Remove roast and allow to cool for approximately 20 minutes prior to carving.
Vegetables should be removed with a slotted spoon.
The remaining sauce in the pot can easily be used to create a gravy.
For gravy, pour sauce into a glass or pitcher and allow to cool slightly.
Skim off fat collected on top of the glass.
Return sauce to saucepan.
Mix 2 tbsp. flour with 1/4 cup of warm water.
Add flour mixture, onion powder and Gravy Master to saucepan.  Heat just to boiling, or until you have achieved the desired level of thickness.

Submitter: 
Michelle
Description: 
I love a big family, style meal on Sundays for friends and family who drop by to enjoy.  This is our favorite cold weather Sunday dinner by far!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
.5 h
Ready in:
5 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
