URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62093993/grilled-salmon-whole-fish/
Title:
Grilled Salmon (whole fish) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 whole salmon, dressed (head on or head off, but gutted, gilled and scaled at least), about 9 lbs.
2 whole lemons, sliced
3 whole lemons, in wedges
1 x 3/4 oz. (21g) package fresh dill (or a couple stems from your garden, if you grow your own)
Kosher salt
Fresh ground pepper
Dry rub of your choice -- the hotter, the better
Olive oil
Butcher's twine or string
Charcoal and hickory chips

Directions:
Get your fire started.  You want a good hot fire to begin with, about 450 degrees.  Begin soaking your hickory chips; some people just soak them in water, but you can also soak them in beer for a more intense flavor.  Whichever you choose to use, make sure you have enough liquid to cover.
Wash the fish and make sure the fish is appropriately scaled.  Open the stomach cavity and rub with salt and pepper.  Stuff cavity with sliced lemons and fresh dill, layering  twice and finishing with lemons.  Close cavity and truss fish securely.  Coat the exterior of the fish with olive oil and then rub the outside of the fish with dry rub.  Set him on a piece of aluminum foil, more for transport than anything else; you can set the fish aside at this point if your fire isn't ready yet.
When fire is ready, add your hickory chips and put the fish directly on the grill.  Close the lid.  Sear the fish for about seven minutes, then turn.   Sear for another seven  minutes.  Reduce your heat by moving the coals away from the fish; what you're aiming for at this point is an indirect heat.  Cook him on the grill for another ten minutes, then remove to a platter and allow fish to set up for five minutes or so before carving.  Serve on a large platter with lemon wedges on the side.
Enjoy!

Submitter: 
The Magpie
Description: 
When you get a chance to buy a whole fish, here's a wonderful and simple way to grill it
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
