URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62094598/creamy-100-fruit-smoothie/
Title:
Creamy 100% Fruit Smoothie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/4 C. fruit juice concentrate (any type)
3/4 C. water
1 banana
Others as you Like:
frozen strawberries, blueberries, peaches, raspberries, blackberries, canned or fresh pineapple

Directions:
This is a basic fruit smoothie recipe.  From here you can make any flavor you like!  The secret to a creamy milk-free smoothie are the bananas.  Peel a bunch of bananas, break them in half, and place them in a gallon freezer bag.  They will break apart easily later. This, along with other frozen fruits will act as the thickener in your smoothie.  Frozen peaches make a great thickener but they don't add much flavor- so you can use them even when you don't want a peach taste. I find that frozen fruits are cheaper than fresh, and they keep SOOO much longer!
The basic recipe is as follows: Place 1/4C. fruit juice and 3/4C. water in your blender. With the blender running, add 1 whole banana (2 frozen pieces).
Now it's up to you!  Below are some suggestions.
Strawberry banana smoothie: Use orange or apple juice, 1 banana, and add about 6-7 frozen strawberries to the basic shake.  Also, i really enjoy using white grape/peach juice concentrate on this one!
Tropical Smoothie: Begin with orange juice concentrate, but instead of water, add an 8 oz. can of pineapple tidbits (in juice) and 2T coconut.  If the shake is not thick enough, add another banana half or some frozen peaches.
Berry Blast Shake: Begin with apple juice, add 1 banana and 1/4C. each of blueberries, raspberries, blackberries, strawberries - or your favorite combination!
Peanut Butter Banana Smoothie:  This one is not quite so good FOR you, but Oh So Good!  Start with 1 C. milk, or for dairy-free use 1C. water.  Add 3-4 banana pieces, 2-4T. peanut butter, and more banana or peaches to thicken.  For a real treat, add 1T chocolate chips or chocolate syrup!

Submitter: 
Carrie Causey
Description: 
A real, 100% fruit smoothy that is creamy without milk, ice, or ice cream!  No processed sweeteners make this 100% delicious and 100% good for you!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 min
Ready in:
5 min.
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
