URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62098254/chocolate-banana-cheesecake/
Title:
Chocolate banana cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Crust:
2 cups graham cracker crumbs
1/4 cup margarine, melted
1/3 cup sugar
1/4 cup cocoa
Filling:
1/2 cup banana, mashed
3- 8 oz. pkgs cream cheese, softened
1-cup sugar
1/2 cup sour cream
3 eggs
1 teas. vanilla
1 cup semi-sweet chocolate chips, chopped
Optional:
1/2 cup semi-sweet chocolate chips, melted
splash of milk
1/4 c. sugar
1 banana, sliced
lemon juice for preserving bananas

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Mix graham cracker crumbs, 1/3 c. sugar, and cocoa.  Mix well.
Add melted butter to mix and stir until all crumbs are well moistened.
Press into the bottom and 2" up sides of a springform pan.  Set aside.
Blend together the cream cheese and cup of sugar until light and fluffy.
Add the sour cream and vanilla, mix well.
Add eggs one at a time, mixing well after each addition.
Fold in the bananas and chopped chocolate chips last.
Pour into prepared crust.
Bake in preheated oven approximately 45-50 mins.  Until all is firm, except the center of the cake.
Turn off oven but do NOT open oven.  Let cake stand in cooling oven for 45 minutes.
Optional:  In a small saucepan add milk, chocolate chips for melting and 1/4 c. sugar.  Melt on a very low heat, stirring constantly.
Take sliced bananas and douse with lemon juice, to prevent browning.
Dip sliced bananas in melted chocolate chips half way and place around the perimeter of your cake.  Drizzle remaining chocolate with a spoon over the top of your cheesecake.
Chill cheesecake 4 hours - overnight until thoroughly chilled.  Remove sides of springform pan. Serve and enjoy.

Submitter: 
Angie Bowers
Description: 
A wonderful blend of chocolate and bananas on top of a chocolate crust.  Don't let the steps scare you, if you're a fan of chocolate, banana, and cheesecake then this one's for you!  Made with a springform pan.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 mins
Ready in:
95 mins
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
