URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62094348/wild-willy-red-dilly-potatoe-salad/
Title:
Wild Willy Red Dilly Potatoe Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
?	5# Red skin potatoes
?	6-8 green onions sliced thin
?	½ Cup diced hard boiled egg
?	¼ Cup dried Chives
?	2-3 heaping Tbsp Dill weed
?	1 ½ Tblsp Lemon Pepper
?	Black pepper to taste
?	1 Tblsp Cayenne pepper
?	1 tsp Paprika
?	1 tsp Lawry’s Savor Salt to taste
?	1  container (16 oz)  sour cream
?	1-1/2 Cup Mayonnaise
?	½ C bacon & ham peices (Hormel precooked lean)
?	Bread & butter pickle juice to taste (don’t be stingy this adds tons of flavor)
?	2-4 Tblsp  sugar
?	3 Tblsp Parsley flakes

Directions:
Wash and slice red potatoes in halves leave skin on. Place in cold water on stove; add a pinch or two of salt. Bring to boil & cook 1o minutes. Test the potatoes for tenderness but to be careful of over cooking they will get too mush. Once the potatoes are tender, place into an ice water bath to stop the cooking process. Once cool, drain well and cube keeping skins on.
Set aside. In separate bowl combine Mayo & so9ur cream and all dry ingredients. Mix well and begin to add the onion, then egg.
Once all is well creamed together, add potatoes a little at a time to coat well.
Once completely incorporated, add the pickle juice about 3 tablespoons at a time. I use about ½ cup completely possibly more. Add a little at a time so it does not get watery. If you choose decrease the dry ingredients until the salad is incorporated then add for taste to your liking. This is best made a day in advance to incorporate the flavors longer and soften the bacon pieces. Garnish salad with Paprika, dried chives dill & parsley sprinkles for a lovely color and more flavor.
TIP: To make the green onion flowerets; Take the base of a green onion cutting about 2-3 inches long. Slice strips from about ½ inch from the base of the stem down to the end being careful not to cut the stem off. Continue until the stem is slices in a frayed fashion. It will begin to curl a tiny bit but adding it to a bowl of ice water it will curl instantly. Make sure to dry them well prior to placing on your salad.

Submitter: 
Donna Burroughs
Description: 
I created this recipe for with all of the wonderful ingredients my fiance loves, put them into a salad and came up with this fun and delicious salad.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
