URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62093569/rice-pilaf---roger-style/
Title:
Rice Pilaf - Roger Style Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 tablespoons unsalted butter
1/2 cup diced onion
1 cup jasmine or balsamic rice
2 1/2 cups chicken broth
1 whole bay leaf
1 teaspoon dried rosemary or 2 teaspoons fresh rosemary
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
1 tablespoon fresh ground back pepper

Directions:
Melt butter over medium-low heat in a skillet. Add onion and cook until onions are translucent. Add rice and stir until coated with butter. Increase the heat to medium-high. Let the rice cook until opaque, toasted and nutty in aroma, stirring occasionally. Do not let rice burn!
When rice is toasted to your content, stir in chicken broth, bay leaf and rosemary. Season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil over medium-low heat, cover and cook until all broth has been absorbed by the rice, broth is reduced and rice is tender, about 15 to 18 minutes. Stir frequently. Remove from heat and set aside for 5 minutes. Discard bay leaf. Fluff rice with a fork and serve.
Below is listed various options on this recipe.
You may also add when adding broth:
Toasted pine nuts (my choice)
Toasted sunflower seeds
Toasted slivered almonds
Use approximately 1/2 C. of the item you desire or more to your liking.
Or:
3/4 cup frozen green peas
2 chopped scallions, including green tops
For a beef rice pilaf variation, use beef stock instead of chicken stock and add sliced Portobello mushrooms. Then add any of the toasted nuts if you choose.

Submitter: 
RogerB
Description: 
This is just a simple rice pilaf recipe. It is easy to make and it has always been a hit with friends and family. The variations I have listed I use depending on the occasion and guest I have over. But it's great just straight up with no additions. I hope you enjoy.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
