URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62095935/fried-chicken-biryani-filipino-style/
Title:
Fried Chicken Biryani (Filipino Style) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Ingredients:
3 cups basmati rice (long grain rice)
700 grams whole chiken, sliced into 8
1 big carrot, cubed
2 medium potatoes, cubed
2 medium onions, minced
2 medium ripe tomatoes, minced
2 tbsp. crushed ginger
1/5 head of garlic, minced
2 tbsp. tomato paste
2 tbsp. curry paste (I used green curry paste)
1 tsp. tumeric powder
2 tbsp. soy sauce
1 tsp. black pepper
1 tbsp. lime juice
1 tsp. salt
1 cube chicken bouillon (optional)
1 cup cooking oil
For Garnish:
3 hard-boiled eggs, peeled and sliced quarterly
lemon, sliced
1 stalked of green onions,chopped
1 medium onions, sliced
1 tsp. soy sauce
1/2 cup raisins

Directions:
Soak rice in water for 20 minutes. Drain.
Boil 1 liter water with 1 tsp. salt and 1 tbsp. cooking oil. Add rice and cook for 5-7 minutes. Drain. Set aside.
Heat the 1 cup oil and stir fry the carrots and potatoes for 2 minutes. Remove from oil, set aside.
Use half of the remaining oil to fry the chicken and fry until golden brown.
Add the onions, galic, tomato paste, soy sauce, curry paste, tomatoes, ginger, tumeric powder, chicken cube, salt and pepper. Stir to mix well. Cover and simmer for 5 minutes. Add the lime juice.
Stir in the carrots and potatoes. Mix and cook for 1 minute. Turn of heat.
In a separate pan or casserole, place the 1/3 part of the ccoked rice, then add the half of chicken mixture, then another 1/3 of the rice, add the remaining half of the chicken, then the remaining rice. Cover and cook in a very low heat for 15 minutes.
Transfer the rice into a platter or large serving plate.
Prepare the onion-raisin mixture for garnish. Heat 1 tbsp. of oil in a skillet, fry the onions until brown, add the raisins and soy sauce and cook for 1 minute.
Garnish and serve.

Submitter: 
Rieaane
Description: 
Biryani is a rice dish from the Indian Subcontinent (also adapted by the Arabs) and is very popular here in Kuwait since most of the Arab dishes were originated from India. Most of the Filipinos here in Kuwait likes to eat Biryani but they hate spicies like cardamons, cinnamons, saffron,etc. that primarily contribute to the taste of original Biryani, I am one of those who don't like these spices and this trigger me to cook it in my own way with the spices that we Filipinos can eat deliciously.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
70 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
