URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62099865/easy-food-processor-bread/
Title:
Easy Food Processor Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 Cup Milk
3/4 Cup Water
2 Tablespoons Butter or Oil
1 Teaspoon Salt
1 and 1/2 Tablespoons Sugar
1 Package Fast Rising Yeast
3 and 1/3 cups Flour. (Note: There is a difference in types of flour. In this I use Walmart's "Great Value" brand of all purpose flour. If you are using a different brand you may need to adjust the quantity slightly.

Directions:
Heat milk and water together in a microwave till fairly warm but not hot. Pour into the food processor. Add the sugar, salt and yeast. Stir lightly or pulse the processor to mix yeast with liquid. Let stand for two or three minutes so the yeast can start to grow. Add shortening or melted butter and 2 and 1/3 cups of the flour.  Process for about 40 seconds.  This kneads the dough in a batter state so you won't have to do it by hand. At this point you should have a smooth, thick glutenous batter.
Add the remaining flour and process for about 10 to 20 seconds till a ball of dough is formed. If the machine bogs down before the ball is formed, you probably didn't add enough flour. Stop the machine and add about 1/4 cup more flour. Restart the machine. It should form a ball rather quickly if enough flour was added. A properly formed ball will come clean from the sides of the processor bowl. If you get too much flour the dough will be too heavy and will not raise well. Turn out on floured surface and work gently to form a smooth ball. Place smooth top down in a well-oiled bowl, oil the top then turn the ball around to lightly coat the ball of dough with oil. With smooth top side up, cover with a towel and set in a warm place to rise.
Let rise till double in bulk. Punch down then let it rise a second time.  Punch down again and form into a loaf and allow to rise again in a bread pan before baking. If making a French loaf, make slits in the top and allow to rise on cornmeal sprinkled parchment on a baking sheet. Bake in Preheated 375° oven for about 40 minutes or till nicely browned on the outside. Remove from pan and place on a rack to cool.

Submitter: 
Ron Shepherd
Description: 
I've had disastrous results using manufacturer's directions for making bread in their machines so I figured out a much better way.  I have made bread this way many times and have never had it fail. You can easily adapt other bread recipes to this mixing technique and save a lot of time and work.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 min+rise
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
