URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62092793/slow-cooker-borscht/
Title:
Slow Cooker Borscht Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound stewing beef (cut into 1/2" bits)
4 medium beets, peeled and chopped
1 large can of diced tomatoes (28 oz)
2 medium potatoes, peeled and chopped
1 cup baby carrots, cut into bite-sized pieces
1 onion, chopped
3 cloves of garlic, minced
3 cups shredded green cabbage
2-4 cups beef broth
1 can of tomato paste (6 oz)
6 tablespoons red wine vinegar
3 tablespoons brown sugar
1 tablespoon dried parsley
1 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoon dried dill weed
1/2 teaspoon cracked black pepper
1 bay leaf
sour cream to serve

Directions:
Combine the beef and all the chopped vegetables except the cabbage in your slow cooker.  You're going to need a BIG oval one; if you have a smaller crock pot, you'll need to adjust the recipe accordingly.
Combine 2 cups of the beef broth with the tomato paste, vinegar, brown sugar, parsley, salt, dillweed, pepper, and bay leaf.  Mix to combine, then pour over the vegetable/beef mix.
If the vegetable/beef mix is not completely covered by the liquid, top off with the extra beef broth until they are.
Cover and cook on the low heat setting for 8 and 1/2 hours.  You can cheat and use high heat for 4 hours if you're in a hurry, but don't expect it to be as good.
When the 8 and 1/2 hours are up, turn your cooker onto high heat and add the shredded cabbage.  Cover again and cook on high for 30 minutes to an hour depending upon how soft you like your cabbage.
Remove the bay leaf.  Ladel into a bowl and garnish with a large spoonful of sour cream.

Submitter: 
DAVISAM1
Description: 
The best thing about this borscht (other than its delicious flavor) is that it can cook all day long in the crock pot and be waiting for you when you come home at night.  One of my family's ultimate winter comfort foods.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
9 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
