URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62093727/the-absolute-best-chocolate-brownie-with-fresh-raspberry-milk-chocolate-topping/
Title:
The Absolute Best Chocolate Brownie with Fresh Raspberry Milk Chocolate Topping Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1  brownie mix (Duncan Hines or Betty Crocker)
3 eggs
1/2 C. oil
1/4 C water
Topping
1 pint fresh raspberries
1/3 - 1/2 C. sugar (your preference)
1 C. milk chocolate disks (for candy making)or use l small bag milk chocolate chips
1 tbsp. shortening. (only use shortening)
1/2chopped walnuts

Directions:
Prepare a 7x11 baking pan with non stick spray and line the pan with foil extending over the sides. Spray the foil.
Beat the brownie mix, eggs, oil and water in a mixing bowl either by hand (50 strokes) or with mixer until well blended for 2 min.  Pour batter in the pan and bake 30-34 min. Use a cake tester or tooth pick to test for doneness. If the cake tester or tooth pick comes out clean the brownies are done. Be careful not to over bake.
While the brownies are baking, wash, drain and sprinkle sugar over the raspberries in a small glass bowl and microvwave 5 min. stirring  and turning the bowl after each min. Immediately place the bowl in the freezer until ready to use.
Melt the Milk chocolate disks with the shortening over a pan of boiling water being careful not to let any steam or drops of water enter the melting chocolate. Stir frequently until the chocolate is completely melted and fluffy.
Spread the raspberry mixture over the hot brownies and sprinkle with chopped nuts.
Spread melted milk chocolate over raspberry topping. Some of the raspberry sauce may show but that's fine.
Let cool and then refrigerate to firm up the chocolate topping. Lift the brownies out of the pan using the foil sides as handles and cut brownies with a sharp knife.

Submitter: 
PJ's kitchen
Description: 
When running late for a cookout at a friends home and wanted to bring a quick easy, but absolutely fabulous dessert, I put this together in 35 minutes and got raved reviews.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 min.
Ready in:
35 min.
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
