URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62093102/peanut-butter-pudding-pops/
Title:
Peanut Butter Pudding Pops Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 T cornstarch
3 T white sugar
pinch of salt
1 1/2 cup milk, scalded
1 t vanilla
3/4 cup peanut butter

Directions:
In the top of a double boiler or a heavy bottomed sauce pan, combine sugar, cornstarch and salt until they are indistinguishable (thoroughly combined).
Add a small amount (maybe 3 or 4 T) of the scalded milk to the cornstarch mixture, then wisk well, until all liquid is incorporated and there are no lumps.
Once the small amount of milk is blended in, add the rest of the milk and wisk thoroughly to combine.
Cook the starch and milk until it thickens slightly, stirring regularly.  Then, cook the pudding for another 8-10 minutes, stirring constantly, until the pudding coats the back of a spoon, or is a thick gravy consistency.
Remove pudding from heat, add the vanilla and peanut butter (can add anywhere from 1/2 to 1 cup of PB).  Stir until PB is melted and thoroughly combined.
Pour pudding into popsickle molds (I found mine at the local dollar store, and I think tupperware probably makes them, too).  Fill molds to within ~1/4 inch of the top, to give room for pudding to expand. Firmly place stems/tops.
Freeze for at least 4 hours, or until frozen solid.
To remove from molds, run under hot water to slightly melt thd side of the pudding pop, then twist the stem top and remove.
(Note:  to scald milk, bring to a simmer in a small saucepan, or heat in the microwave.  You will notice a slight change in the smell of the milk, almost a caramel smell).
If you really want to fatten up a skinny kid, make up a batch of vanilla Carnation Instant Breakfast (milk with the powder), then use that in place of the plain milk.  Wow!  Talk about rich taste and high calories!

Submitter: 
HeidiLynn75
Description: 
I created this recipe after my daughter's pediatrician bugged me about her being too skinny!  That was 8 years ago, but the kids still love to eat these rich and creamy popsicles.  Watch out--not only are they pretty high in fat and calories, they should probably be eaten outdoors or with a wash cloth handy!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
20
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
