URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62099234/creamy-chicken-penne-with-mushrooms/
Title:
Creamy Chicken Penne with Mushrooms Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb. dry penne pasta
1 Tbsp. olive oil
2 Tbsp. butter
1 lb. boneless, skinless chicken breast, cut into 1 inch pieces
1 carton sliced mushrooms
2 tsp. minced garlic
1 cup evaporated milk
1 cup chicken broth
2 Tbsp. flour
1/2 tsp. onion powder
1/4 tsp. fresh ground pepper
1 cup grated havarti cheese
1/4 cup grated parmesan cheese
1 2.25 oz. can sliced olives, drained
2 Tbsp. fresh italian parsley, chopped or 1 Tbsp. dry parsley

Directions:
Cook penne according to package directions, 10-12 minutes.  Drain well.
While pasta is cooking, melt 1 Tbsp. butter with olive oil in dutch oven.  Add chicken and cook, stirring frequently, until meat is no longer pink in center, 4 to 5 minutes total.  Remove chicken with slotted spoon to a bowl and cover with foil to keep warm.
To pan, add remaining 1 Tbsp. butter, mushrooms and garlic.  Cook about 5 minutes.  Remove mushrooms with slotted spoon to the bowl with chicken.
To pan, add evaporated milk and chicken broth.  In a small bowl, mix flour with 3 Tbsp. water until completely smooth.  Add to milk mixture in pan and stir constantly over medium high heat till slighly thickened.  Add onion powder and pepper.  Reduce heat and simmer for 1 minute.  Add grated cheeses and stir till completely melted.  Turn off heat.
Add chicken, mushrooms, olives and cooked penne to dutch oven and mix well into the sauce.  Add salt and additional pepper to taste and mix in parsley.  Top with additional grated parmesan cheese if desired.

Submitter: 
Valerie Brunmeier
Description: 
A comforting chicken and mushroom pasta.  This is a quick dish you can put together on a busy night that will please everyone.  The havarti and parmesan cheese add a nice touch to the creamy sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
20 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
