URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62091033/caramel-flan-baked-caramel-custard/
Title:
Caramel Flan (Baked Caramel Custard) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
400 ml heavy cream
75 ml milk
6 egg yolks
6 tablespoons white sugar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
150 g white sugar for the caramel layer

Directions:
Preheat oven to 140 degrees celsius.
Heat heavy cream and milk in a skillet, let cook some seconds and let cool.
Place 6 egg yolks, 6 tablespoons sugar and vanilla extract in a bowl and mix softly with a whisk. Be careful not to produce any foam! (Foam would lead to bubbles in the flan.) Stir in the cream-milk-mixture carefully. Set aside.
Place 150 g white sugar in a skillet and melt on low heat. You can add 1 teaspoon water (though I never did that). When sugar is melted and still light brown, pour it into 6 custard cups (the size of 100 ml each). Pour custard cream carefully on top. Don't pour too fast, since this would create a mould in the caramel.
Place the cups into a huge roasting pan, carefully pour boiling water into the pan so that the cups stand 2 fingers wide in hot water. Be careful not to spill water into the cups.
Place the roasting pan on the middle rack of the oven and bake flan for one hour. Replace cups from roasting pan, let chill and place into fridge for 4-6 hours or overnight.
Before serving, to turn the chilled flans upside down, separate the borders of the flans from the cups with a sharp small knife. Turn upside down on desserts dishes.

Submitter: 
flor
Description: 
There are so many ways to make a flan and nearly as many different tastes to it. This one is nicely sweet and creamy without being too heavy - that's  why I like it so much. (Like always when caramel is involved, you have to be careful: Place  the melted sugar into the custard cups when it is still light brown and not too dark. This will keep its mild taste.)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
5 h 30 min
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
