URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62094170/spanish-chicken-with-olives-and-rice/
Title:
Spanish Chicken with Olives and Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 chicken, about 4 pounds, cut into 8 pieces
1 tsp dried oregano
1 tsp ground cumin
1/2 tsp freshly ground pepper
1 Tbsp red wine vinegar
Sofrito and broth:
2 Tbsp olive oil
1 small onion, finely chopped
1 small red bell pepper, cored, seeded and finely chopped
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 small tomato, seeded and diced
3 cups water
1 cup dry white wine
1-1/2 cups beer
1 packet Sazon seasoning Con Culantro Y Achiote
1 Tbsp tomato paste
Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste
1 lb long grain rice
1/2 Cup frozen green peas, defrosted
6-8 Spanish Queen Olives with Pimento, sliced
2 Tablespoons chopped cilantro

Directions:
Wash the chicken and blot dry with paper towels. Mix the oregano, cumin, pepper and vinegar in a large glass bowl. Add the chicken, turning the pieces to cover with the mixture. Let marinate at least 15 minutes.
In a large deep skillet or stock pan, brown the chicken pieces all over, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer the chicken to a platter and pour out all but 2 tablespoons of the fat.
For sofrito: Add the onion, bell pepper and garlic to the oil in the skillet, cook over medium heat heat until soft but do not brown, about 1 or 2 minutes. Add the tomato and cook for one more minute. Return the chicken to the skillet with the sofrito and cook for about 1 or 2 more minutes.
Add the water, wine and beer, Sazon, tomato paste and salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, cover and simmer for about 30 minutes.
To finish the dish: Bring chicken mixture to a boil, stir in the rice, reduce heat, cover and simmer until the rice is tender, about 20 to 25 minutes. If it starts to dry out and rice is still al dente, add more liquid. Just before it is done, stir in peas and olives. Garnish with chopped cilantro.

Submitter: 
Challengergurl
Description: 
Spanish style chicken and rice with sliced green olives. I serve with a big loaf of french bread, a tossed salad and a glass of white wine.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 hr 15 mi
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
