URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62095842/coffeehouse-blueberry-jam-oat-scones/
Title:
Coffeehouse Blueberry Jam Oat Scones Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour
1 package instant oatmeal*
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoons sugar
5 tablespoons cold butter, diced
1 cup cold milk
3 tablespoons blueberry jam
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
rind from 1 lemon
1 tablespoon icing sugar
1 half teaspoon cinnamon

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.
Sift together the dry ingredients: flour, baking powder, salt, and sugar.
Stir in oatmeal and lemon rind.
Using a pastry blender, cut in the butter to coat the pieces with the flour mixture. The mixture should look like coarse crumbs.
Make a well in the center.
Mix the milk and vanilla together. Pour into the dry ingredients.
Fold the mixture about seven times until liquid is just incorporated. Do not overwork the dough.
The dough will be very sticky.
Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper.
Put dough on top of parchment and with floured hands, gently flatten the dough into a 1 inch thick rectangle.
Using a spoon, spread 1 tablespoon of blueberry jam over the dough.
Using the parchment paper, fold the dough in half.
Flatten into a rectangle.
Spread another tablespoon of jam over the dough.
Fold the dough in half again.
Spread last layer of blueberry jam over the dough.
Fold the dough and press into a rectangle.
Using a floured knife, cut triangles out of the dough.
Do not separate the triangles.
Put the cookie sheet directly into the oven.
Bake for 15 to 20 minutes until browned.

Submitter: 
AvelaineS
Description: 
This is a very simple, healthy and delicious blueberry scone recipe. In less than half an hour, you can have oven fresh scones that are not too sweet. They go great with a cup of your favorite coffee or tea.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
