URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62097534/lasagna/
Title:
Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 lbs mild Italian sausage
1 40 oz jar of marinara sauce
1 package (20 oz) fresh spinach
2 tbsp olive oil
4 tbsp butter
2 shallots, minced
2 cloves garlic, minced
6 oz (3 large) portobello mushroom caps, sliced
1 tsp salt
1/2 tsp black pepper
1/4 c all-purpose flour
4 c half and half
1/4 tsp nutmeg
2 3/4c grated parmigiana-reggiano cheese
15 oz tub ricotta cheese
1 3/4 c grated fontina cheese
1 3/4 c grated fresh mozzarella
1 and half package of no bake lasagna noodles (I prefer Barilla)

Directions:
In a large pot, bring salted water to a boil; add spinach and cook 2 minutes. Drain in fine mesh strainer pressing w/ spoon to release water. Chop finely and set aside.
In a large skillet, heat olive oil over med-high heat. Add shallots and garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add mushroom caps and 1/4 tsp each salt and pepper and saute for 5 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool.
In second large pot crumble sausage over medium heat, breaking up any large chunks. Once completely cooked, drain access fat and add marinara sauce, bring to a low simmer over med/low heat and simmer uncovered for 15-20 minutes. Remove from heat.
Meanwhile, make Bechamel Sauce: Melt butter in large saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in flour and cook for 2 minutes. Slowly whisk in half and half and continue to cook, stirring occasionally, for 2-3 minutes. Add 1/2 tsp each of salt and pepper, 1/4 tsp nutmeg, and 1 cup of parmigiana-reggiano cheese and continue to cook for 2 minutes or until mixture has thickened. Remove from heat.
In a large bowl, combine ricotta and 1 1/2 cup each of fontina, parmigiana, and mozzarella cheeses (reserving 1/4 cup each for topping). Fold in 1/3 cup of bechamel sauce.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
In a 13x9 inch deep-dish pan, spread 1/2 cup meat sauce over bottom of pan, place 6 lasagna noodles side by side over top, spread 1/2 of cheese mixture over the top of noodles, place 1/2 of sauteed mushroom caps sporadically over top of cheese and top with half of spinach. Spread 1/2 of bechamel sauce over cheese, mushroom, and spinach and top w/ another layer of noodles. Repeat layers with meat sauce then noodles. Top noodles w/ remaining cheese mixture, mushrooms, spinach and bechamel sauce. Add another layer of noodles then top with remaining meat sauce. Sprinkle 1/4 cup each of parmigiana, mozzarella, and fontina cheese over top of meat sauce; cover and cook 45-60 minutes. Remove foil and cook an additional 10-minutes.

Submitter: 
TEVANS211
Description: 
This is an easy multilayer lasagna with a combination of a hearty red meat sauce and a delicate white cheese sauce. With portobello mushrooms, spinach, and a 4-cheese mixture consisting of fontina, fresh mozzarella, parmigiana-reggiano, and ricotta combined with bechamel sauce (white sauce) your sure to impress the most toughest of critics. Can be made up to 1-day in advanced stored in air tight pan in fridge.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45
Ready in:
1hr 45 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
