URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62098989/easy-ground-beef-pot-pie/
Title:
Easy Ground Beef Pot Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 lbs. lean ground beef
2 onions, chopped
1 t. thyme
6 t. beef bullion granules, or 6 cubes, crushed
3 C. frozen country hashbrowns (the cubed kind)
2 C. frozen mixed vegetables
1 C. frozen peas
1C frozen corn
8 oz. extra sharp cheddar cheese, shredded
5 T. butter
1/2 C. flour
5-6 C. milk
1 t. garlic powder
1/2 t. pepper
3 double 9" crusts

Directions:
Brown ground beef in very large skillet (or use 2 smaller skillets) when beef is about half-way cooked, add chopped onion. When beef is fully cooked and onions are tender, add thyme and beef bullion.  Stir well and remove from heat.
Mix all frozen veggies and cheese in a very large mixing bowl.  Add ground beef mixture and mix well.
In med. saucepan melt butter.  Add flour and stir with a whisk.  At 2 min, it will look grainy, at 4 min it should look like a liquid again, at about 6 min, it should have a nice brown color and a nutty fragrance.
Add milk, 1C at a time WHISKING WELL AFTER EACH ADDITION.  Now is the time to remove lumps. Add enough milk to make a 'gravy'. When it looks perfect, add 1/2 C more milk - it will thicken in the oven. Season with garlic and pepper to taste.  No salt is needed - the bullion will add plenty.
Pour the gravy over the meat and veggies in the large bowl and mix well.
There should be about 12 C. of filling.  Line a 9" deep dish pie pan with 1 crust, fill with 4 C. of filling and top with a second crust.  Bake in a 350 oven for about 30 min, or until the crust is golden brown.  Remove from oven and allow to set up for about 5 minutes before slicing.

Submitter: 
Carrie Causey
Description: 
This is a great make-ahead-and-freeze recipe for 3 beef pot pies!  It's easy to make, but still tastes completely homemade because it uses real gravy, not canned.  I usually make one, and freeze the rest of the filling in 2- 1 qt. freezer bags to have a quick and easy dinner in a pinch!  Or, leave out the crust and bake all the filling in one greased 9x13 pan for a great casserole.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
1 hr.
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
