URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62097476/garlic-lovers-focaccia-bread/
Title:
Garlic Lovers Focaccia Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cup room temp water
1 package dry active yeast (2 1/4 t)
3 cups bread flour or self-rising flour
2 t salt
1/2 t sugar
2-3 T fresh chopped garlic
2 T Italian seasoning or your own blend of spices
1 T dried Basil
7 T Olive oil

Directions:
In a metal or glass bowl whisk together the water and the yeast.
Whisk in 1 cup of the flour to the water yeast mixture.
Put in the fridge for about 3 hours or overnight. If you don't have time for that let the mixture stand at room temperature for 2-3 hours. Then skip the next step.
Remove the mixture from the fridge and let sit at room temperature for 1 hour. It should be thick and frothy.
With a wooden spoon mix the remaining 2 cups of flour, salt, sugar, garlic, seasoning and basil into the yeast mixture.
Coat a bowl with no stick cooking spray and then place the dough in the bowl flipping to cover with cooking spray. Cover and let rise until doubled (about 1 1/2 hour)
While dough is rising prepare a 9 X 13 glass baking dish by pouring 3 T of olive oil in the dish. Cover the sides, corners and bottom of the pan with your fingers.
Once dough has risen take it out of the bowl and place it in the prepared baking dish. Spread it our with your fingers as best you can, it doesn't matter if it doesn't fit the pan all the way.
Cover the dish and allow to rise for about one hour.
Once second rising is done add the remaining 4 T of olive oil to the top of the bread spreading it over evenly.
With the tips of your fingers press indents into the bread a few times will do. Too many and the bread may fall.
Bake the bread at 400 for 25-30 mins until a lovely golden color.

Submitter: 
Stephanie Teeter
Description: 
This great bread stands out from other focaccia recipes because it uses fresh garlic for a powerfully delicious taste. Its soft on the inside and crisp on the outside and perfect for dipping with basalmic and olive oil. It takes time but its worth it!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 mins
Ready in:
7 hrs
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
