URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62095934/marshmallow-fondant/
Title:
Marshmallow Fondant Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
16 oz white mini-marshmallows*
3 tablespoons water
2 lb confectioners' or powdered sugar
½ cup Crisco shortening or more, as needed
* If using large marshmallows, add 1 teaspoon more water.

Directions:
1. In a large microwave proof bowl, pack in marshmallows and add the water. Microwave on high for 20 to 30 seconds at a time, just long enough for the marshmallows to soften and puff up. Stir with a greased (use Crisco) heat-proof rubber spatula or greased wooden spoon, until it is well combined. At this point it looks kind of soupy
2. Sift powdered sugar over the melted marshmallows, one or two cups at a time. Fold until all is incorporated and it is no longer sticky. Take mixture out of the bowl when it gets to the point where most of the sugar is incorporated and knead it by hand on the countertop.
3. Grease your hands and the countertop with Crisco -- use a LIGHT coating; a little goes a long way; if you use too much, the MMF will become sticky. With a greased heat-proof rubber spatula or greased wooden spoon, scrape the bowl of marshmallow/sugar mixture on the countertop, in the middle of the greased spot. Continue to sift the powdered sugar, 1 or two cups at a time, and knead after each addition.
Re-grease your hands as necessary. The mixture will become quite stiff. Add enough powdered sugar until the mixture becomes pliable and firm, smooth and elastic. This takes roughly about 5 - 7 minutes by hand. Form into a ball. Preferably, let rest overnight in an airtight container before using.
TO ROLL: Roll about 1/8-inch thick -- the thicker the fondant, the harder it gets when dried on a cake. Use a dusting of cornstarch instead of powdered sugar to roll on. A thin coating of Crisco works well, too.
When trimming MMF, it will shrink. Trim it right below the cake board so when it shrinks, it will be the perfect length.

Submitter: 
SaresMama
Description: 
This fondant tastes just like Marshmallows. Add a beautifully smooth and yummy fondant to your cakes with this recipe.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
20 mins
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
