URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62096095/creamy-baked-ziti/
Title:
Creamy Baked Ziti Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 lbs. Lean Ground Beef
1/2 medium onion, chopped
1 tbsp. olive oil
2 cloves minced garlic
1 (26 oz.) Jar Tomato and Basil Pasta Sauce
1 (14.5oz) Can Petite Diced (Or Crushed)Tomatoes
3/4 tsp. salt, divided
3 tbsp. butter
3 tbsp. all purpose flour
1 cup milk
1/2 cup grated parmesan cheese
1 (12oz.) box Ziti or Penne Pasta
1/4 tsp pepper
1 (8oz.) package shredded Mozzarella cheese

Directions:
In a large skillet over medium heat, saute onion 5 minutes or until tender.
Add beef and cook until it crumbles and is no longer pink. Drain beef mixture and Stir in 1/2 tsp. salt, garlic, pasta sauce and tomatoes and set aside.
Cook pasta ala dente in dutch oven and drain well.
Melt butter in a heavy saucepan over low heat, whisk in flour quickly until smooth. Gradually stir in milk and cook over medium heat, whisking constantly, until mixture begins to thicken, about 1 minute.
Remove from heat and stir in parmesan cheese, remaining 1/4 tsp. salt and pepper. Blend well.
Pour beef mixture in dutch oven, with pasta and milk sauce from saucepan and mix together until evenly distributed.
Transfer entire mixture to nonstick 9x13 pan. Top evenly with Mozzarella cheese.
Bake at 350' for 20-25 minutes or until heated through and cheese is melted and bubbly.
Let stand approx. 5 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Jodster
Description: 
This one is a little more work but it's worth the effort. I call it Creamy Because instead of using ricotta cheese like traditional Ziti, I add a made from scratch, easy cream sauce. A nice filling meal, you won't leave the table hungry with this one! Can be served alone or if you have guests you can serve with a beautiful Caesar salad and a basket of warm garlic bread. Delish!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min.
Ready in:
45 min.
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
