URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62095454/old-mexico-chicken-mole/
Title:
Old Mexico Chicken Mole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 cups water
4 chicken breasts
2 chicken legs and thighs
1 celery stalk, chopped
3 tablespoons fresh cilantro, minced
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground cumin
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
2 tablespoons chili powder
3 garlic cloves, minced
1/4 cup raisins
1/4 cup crushed corn chips
1 medium onion, chopped
1 tablespoon olive oil
8 ounces tomato sauce
1 ounce unsweetened chocolate, melted
1/4 cup slivered almonds, toasted (optional)

Directions:
Bring water, chicken and celery to a boil. Cover and reduce heat, letting chicken simmer about 1 hour, or until meat comes away easily from bones.
Remove chicken from broth and set aside to cool. Strain broth and keep liquid; discard celery.
In a blender, combine half of the broth with the cilantro, salt, cumin, cloves, chili powder, garlic, raisins, corn chips and onion. Pulse several times to blend.
In a large skillet, heat oil over medium heat and carefully add the blended ingredients. (You are actually "frying" the sauce, here, so pour carefully to avoid spatters.) Heat and stir for 5 minutes.
Add the remaining broth, tomato sauce and melted chocolate to skillet. Cover and simmer on low heat 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, remove skin and bones from chicken in large chunks; add to sauce in skillet.
Taste and correct seasonings, if desired. Simmer for 20 minutes on very low heat. Toast almond slivers and use as garnish.  Serve with Spanish Rice and corn tortillas.

Submitter: 
KIKI810
Description: 
This recipe is very close to my departed grandmother's recipe.  Since she didn't write her recipes down, I have found myself experimenting to duplicate most of them.  My family says this is the best they have had since Grandma passed.  I couldn't receive a better compliment.  I hope your family enjoys it too.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
