URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62091197/carribbean-kikis-homemade-jamaican-chicken-jerk/
Title:
Carribbean!: Kiki's Homemade Jamaican Chicken Jerk Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tbsp. Ground allspice
2 tbsp. Dried thyme
3 tsp. Cayenne pepper
3 tsp. Freshly ground black pepper
3 tsp. Ground sage
1 1/2 tsp. Ground nutmeg
1 1/2 tsp. Ground cinnamon
3 tsp. Salt
4 tbsp. Garlic powder
2 tbsp. Sugar
1/2 cup Olive oil
1/2 cup Soy sauce
1 1/2 cup apple cider vinegar
1 cup Orange juice
Juice of  2 Limes
Juice of 2 Lemons
2 jalepeno pepper, seeded and finely chopped (or 2 habanero---if you are really daring)
1 1/2 cup Chopped white onion
5 Green onions, finely chopped
4 Chicken breasts and 4 Chicken Thighs, Bones-In (boneless-not recommended),trimmed of fat

Directions:
In a large bowl, combine the allspice, thyme, cayenne pepper, black pepper, sage, nutmeg, cinnamon, salt, garlic powder and sugar, set aside.
In a seperate bowl combine the olive oil, soy sauce, vinegar, orange juice, lemon and lime juices.
Whisk the wet ingredients slowly into the dry ingrediants, until well combined.
Add the jalepeno OR habanero peppers, onion, and green onions and mix well.
Add 1/2 the marinade to the chicken, cover and marinade over night or as long as possible; turning often.
Cover and store remaining marinade in refrigerator.
Preheat an outdoor grill.
Remove the chicken from the marinade, discard marinade that was over chicken and grill chicken over medium hot coals for 6-8 minutes on each side or until fully cooked; while basting with the reserved marinade while grilling.

Submitter: 
KIKI810
Description: 
My step=dad loves Jerk Chicken!!  After trying several over the counter pre-mixed marinades, I came up with this, that I have been told is a winner.  The meat falls off the bone, after marinading all night.  I hope you enjoy it!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
40 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
