URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62090222/kikis-devilish-chicken-balls/
Title:
Kiki's Devilish Chicken Balls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 Tablespoons Butter
3 Tablespoons all-purpose flour
2 Cups Chicken Broth
1 Tablespoon dried onion
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon dry mustard
2 tablespoon chopped jalepeno pepper
1/4 teaspoon ground pepper
2 cups cooked chicken, chopped
1/4 cup almonds, chopped
1 egg
2 cups seasoned bread crumbs
sunflower or canola oil for frying
Dipping Sauce:
1 jar jalepeno pepper jelly
1 1/2 tablespoons whole grain mustard

Directions:
In a medium-size saucepan, melt butter over moderately low heat. Add flour and cook, stirring, for 1 minute without browning. Whisk in the broth. Add the onion, salt, mustard, jalepeno, and black pepper. Bring to a boil, stirring, and cook until thick and smooth.
Remove from the heat and stir in the chicken and almonds. Spread the mixture in a shallow dish and let cool; then cover and refrigerate for several hours until firm.
At least 45 minutes before serving, beat the egg in a shallow bowl. Spread the bread crumbs out on a plate. Scoop  spoonfuls of the cold chicken mixture and roll into 1/2-inch balls. Roll in the egg, then  in the bread crumbs to coat. Set aside on a baking sheet and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes (or up to several hours) before serving time.
Heat 2-3 inches of oil in a deep-fat fryer or large saucepan to 375 F. Fry the balls in batches without crowding until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes.
Combine pepper jelly with whole grain mustard , mix well.
Serve Chicken balls hot, with jelly/mustard dipping sauce on the side.

Submitter: 
KIKI810
Description: 
These spicy fried chicken treats are my husband's favorite appetizer.  Everytime we have a party he makes sure they are on my list of things to serve.  I hope you enjoy them as much as we do. *(Note: read the entire recipe before stating, these take a few hours in the refridgerator to set up before cooking)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
45 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
