URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62096996/spicy-pepper-bread/
Title:
Spicy Pepper Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3/4 cup water (warm)
1 package of yeast
1/4 cup sugar (divided)
1/4 cup vegetable oil
1 egg
2 TBS honey
2 TBS light corn syrup
1/2 tsp. salt
1/2 tsp ground black pepper
1 tsp. anise seed
1/4 tsp. cinnamon
1/4 tsp. allspice
3 cups bread flour
1/4 cup dry milk powder (nonfat)
1/4 cup pecans (chopped)
1 egg white for brushing

Directions:
Place baking stone in your oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
Pour your yeast, water and 2 TBS of sugar (taken from the 1/4 cup of sugar) into your food processor and pulse gently to help the yeast dissolve.  Allow the yeast to work for 15 minutes.  (You should see the yeast bubbling a little)
While the yeast is resting, mix all your dry ingredients except the nuts in a separate bowl.
After the yeast has dissolved add the vegetable oil, egg, honey and corn syrup to it and pulse to mix a few times.
Slowly add the bowl of dry ingredients until the mixture forms a ball.  Do not overmix.
Allow the bread to rest in the food processor for 20 minutes.  (This allows the gluten to fully develop.)
Turn out the dough onto a lightly floured surface and knead in the pecans until smooth and elastic, about 5 to 10 minutes. Set aside, and let rise 45 minutes, or until it doubles in size. Punch down gently. Knead well again, for about 5 to 10 minutes.
Shape the bread into a long oval or 2 smaller loaves and place on parchment paper ON THE BACK OF A FLAT COOKIE SHEET.
Score the bread with three diagonal lines at this point if you desire.  Allow the bread to rise covered for 1/2 hour or until it doubles in size.
Brush the loaf gently with the egg white for a shiny crust.
To transfer the dough to the stone, carefully slide the bread (paper and all)off cookie sheet onto the hot baking stone. Work quickly to minimize heat loss from the oven.
Bake for 35-40 minutes.

Submitter: 
PREGOCOOK
Description: 
This unique bread is punctuated with the perfect blend of spices and a soft sweetness that works.  It's great toasted or with a bit of butter and is always great for a crowd pleaser.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min.
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
