URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62095638/triple-coconut-cream-cake/
Title:
Triple Coconut Cream Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Cream filling:
15 oz unsweetened coconut milk
5 tsp cornstarch
½ cup heavy whipping cream
½ cup sugar
pinch of salt
4 egg yolks
½ tsp pure vanilla extract
1 Tbsp butter
Optional: ½ cup fresh grated coconut
Cake:
½ cup butter
2 cup sugar
1 tsp baking soda
2 cup flour
2 tsp vanilla
½ cup shortening
5 egg yolks
5 egg whites
¼ tsp cream of tartar
¼ cup coconut milk
¾ cup buttermilk
Optional:
(may use 1 cup of buttermilk instead of coconut for plain white cake)
½ cup ground pecans into flour mixture
Frosting
¼ cup butter (or ¼ cup white shortening for whiter frosting)
4 oz cream cheese
3 cup powdered sugar
3 tsp heavy whipping cream
2 tsp vanilla
pinch salt
Optional: ¼- ½ tsp butter flavoring, almond extract, or coconut flavoring

Directions:
Cream layers:
Mix 3 Tbsp coconut milk with cornstarch, set aside.
Mix remaining coconut milk, cream, ¼ cup sugar and pinch of salt
Whisk 4 egg yolks, ¼ cup sugar, vanilla.  Slowly add to liquid mixture.
Stir under low heat, whisking continuously for 5 min.
Remove from heat, add cornstarch mixture and whisk for 2 min, then replace under low heat, stirring in butter until melted.
Optional, blend in  ½ cup fresh grated coconut
Refrigerate 2 hours
Cake:
Sift flour & baking soda.
In a separate bowl cream butter & sugar.
Add shortening, & egg yolks.
Alternate adding flour mix and coconut and buttermilk (beginning and ending with flour) to butter mixture.
In another separate bowl, whisk 5 egg whites with cream of tartar until stiff peaks form.  Gently fold in egg whites to cake mixture.
Cut a piece of wax paper the size of the cake pan bottom, place it in the pan and lightly flour the paper.
Bake @ 350 degrees for 20 min in an 3 eight inch round cake pans until an inserted toothpick comes out clean.
Frosting:
Cream butter, sugar, and cream cheese until fluffy, mix in cream, vanilla, (flavoring if desired), and salt.
When cake has cooled, add coconut cream between cake layers.
Top cake and sides with frosting.  Sprinkle fresh toasted coconut over frosting (To toast, Spread fresh grated coconut on a baking sheet and toast in oven at 350 degrees for about 5 minutes until lightly browned).

Submitter: 
Angela
Description: 
I created this recipe for my boyfriend's birthday.  He LOVES coconut, and this was his request.  It's worth the effort, and now I make it every year.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 hr
Ready in:
2 hr
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
