URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62101649/chocolate-orange-cheesecake/
Title:
Chocolate Orange Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/354648.jpg
Ingredients:
Crust:
1 1/2 cups finely crushed chocolate graham crackers
6 tablespoons melted butter
2/3 cup sugar
1/2 tsp pure orange extract(found next to vanilla)
Filling:
4  8 oz packages creme cheese room temperature
1 cup sugar
5 large eggs rm temperature
1 tbls vanilla extract
1 tsp orange extract
2 tbls frozen orange juice concentrate
4 oz semisweet chocolate melted

Directions:
For Crust:
Pre heat oven to 325 deg F
Finely grind chocolate graham crackers to make 1 1/2 cups
mix 2/3rds cup sugar and graham cracker crumbs, melt butter and add orange extract to butter, then mix with sugar/graham mixture.
Press crumb mixture onto bottom and 1/2-3/4 inch up sides of a 9 inch springform pan. bake 8 min and then cool completely
For Filling:
Cream sugar and room temperature creamcheese, Add eggs one at a time until each is just blended.
add 1 tablespoon vanilla, ,and mix throughly.
remove 3 cups of batter and add melted chocolate to removed batter by first mixing small amount of batter into chocalate and then adding that mixture back into remaining batter. mix well, pour over crust.
Wrap springform pan in 2 layers of aluminam foil and place in a roasting pan.  Fill roasting pan with hot water to come halfway up pan.
Bake 20 min. While it is baking, to the remaining batter add 1 tsp of orange oil and orange juice concentrate and mix briefly.
Remove pan carefully from and add remaining batter and bake another 40-50 min or until set.
Cool slightly in water bath and run thin knife around edge of pan so cake will not crack. Allow cool in water bath. Refrigerate at least 4 hrs before serving.

Submitter: 
Baron
Description: 
2 layer cheesecake with a orange chocolate graham craker crust.  The flavor of a dreamsicle over a chocolate orange.  It looks great and tastes even better.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
6 hr
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
