URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62108353/homemade-four-cheese-ravioli/
Title:
Homemade Four Cheese Ravioli Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Ravioli Dough:
2 c. All purpose flour
1 tsp olive oil
2 large eggs
1 pinch salt
1-2 tbsp water
Egg wash:
1 egg
1 tbsp water
Sauce:
Homemade Pesto Alfredo Cream Sauce:
1 pint heavy whipping cream
3 tbsp pesto sauce
¼ c. grated Romano or Parmesan cheese
2 tbsp olive oil
2 cloves crushed garlic
Favorite store bought marinara
Ravioli Filling:
8 oz. Ricotta Cheese
4 oz. Cream Cheese
1/2 c. Mozzerella Cheese -- shredded
1/2 c. Provolone Cheese -- shredded
1 egg
1/2 tbsp parsley flakes
(mix together all ingredients)

Directions:
Mix flour and salt together and form mountain.
Beat together eggs, olive oil, and water.  Form well in the top of the mountain of flour mixture.
Pour in half of egg mixture and begin mixing with flour with one hand while keeping the mountain steady with the other hand.
Add the rest of the egg mixture once dough gets going.
Kneed dough for 8-10 minutes, flouring surface as needed to prevent stickiness. Form dough into ball and wrap tightly with plastic wrap. Allow the dough to rest in the refrigerator for an hour (this is the time to make the filling and sauces). Preheat oven to 375 F.
Cut dough in half.
Roll out dough into thin strips the thickness of a nickel.
Place a dollop of ravioli filling on one side of dough strip.
Brush edges with egg wash, then fold over dough and close and seal individual ravioli dumplings, making sure no air is trapped inside them.
Cut individual dumplings with knife or pizza cutter.  Press edges again to make sure they are tightly closed.
Boil 4 cups of water and place dumplings into boiling water for 4 to 8 minutes or until ravioli float to top.
Grease baking sheet and place dumplings on sheet and brown them in the oven (4 minutes).
Drizzle marinara sauce over ravioli and then top with Alfredo sauce. YUM!
Alfredo Sauce:Heat olive oil in sauce pan.  Add pesto sauce and garlic and cook for one minute. Pour the cream into the pan and bring to a boil.  Reduce heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Add cheese, stirring to prevent lumps.

Submitter: 
Callie1025
Description: 
Great homemade italian recipe that I have been trying to recreate to taste like Maggiano's restaurant. Don't be intimidated by the large list of ingredients, it is well worth it!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
60 m
Ready in:
75 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
