URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62100750/moms-zesty-lasagna/
Title:
Mom's Zesty Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
MEAT SAUCE
1/2 pound Sausage, 2 Kroger Hot Italian
1 pound Ground beef, extra lean
1 teaspoon Salt
1/2 teaspoon Black pepper
2 large Garlic cloves, minced (heaping teaspoon)
24 ounces Stewed Tomatoes, 3 cups
6 ounces Tomato Italian Paste, Cantidina
6 ounces Tomato Paste, Cantidina regular
1 Tablespoon dried Basil (or heaping Tablespoon fresh minced)
1 Tablespoon Parsley (or heaping Tablespoon fresh minced)
NOODLES
9 lasagna noodles, Boiled and cooled
CHEESE MIXTURE
24 ounces Ricotta cheese, room temperature
6 large Eggs, room temperature,beaten
1 1/2 Tablespoon Parsley (heaping if fresh)
1 teaspoon white pepper
ADDITIONAL CHEESES
8 ounces provolone cheese slices (or shredded)
8 ounces Mozzarella cheese, shredded
1 cup grated Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Bring all ingredients including egg, cheese, and ricotta to room temperature (very improtant step!)
Prepare the Basil, Parsley, and cloves and set aside
Crumble beef and sausage into medium fry pan.  Cook.  Then drain if needed.
Season meat with salt and pepper. Continue to brown.
Add the garlic and brown.
Add stewed tomatoes, italian and regular tomato pastes, basil, and parsley. Simmer approximately 35 minutes.
While above simmers, prepare noodles and cheese mixture.
Boil Noodles in salted water. Strain. Set aside to cool slightly.
Prepare cheese mixture: Beat Eggs.  Mix in ricotta, Parsley, and white pepper. Set aside.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Prepare 9"x13" Pan. Spray bottom, sides, and rim with olive oil or cooking spray.
To layer lasagna: First lay 3 noodles lenthwise in the pan. Then follow with 1/3 meat sauce, then 1/2 ricotta, then 1/2 mozzerella and 1/2 provolone cheese. Repeat once.  For top layer layer of 3 noodles, then 1/3 meatsauce followed by the parmesan cheese.
Bake in oven approximately 40 minutes until sides are bubbley and the lasagna is raised in the middle (center temperature approximately 200 degrees).
Let set 15-20 minutes. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Heather Lapp Cresmen
Description: 
It takes a bit of work, but the dish is so worth it!  This is requested any time we have company (by family and guests).  I love it because it can be made in advance and refrigerated or frozen.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
1 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
