URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62105360/baked-lump-meat-maryland-crab-cakes/
Title:
Baked Lump Meat Maryland Crab cakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3/4 cup Egg Beaters egg product
1/8 tsp. pepper
2 tsp. Old Bay
1 tsp. baking powder
2 tbsp.butter,melted and cooled
1 tsp. parsley flakes
4 tbsp. bread crumbs
1 tbsp. mayonnaise
1 tsp. dried mustard
1 tsp. Worcestershire Sauce
16 oz. (1 lb.) lump crab meat

Directions:
Pre-heat oven to 375 degrees.
In a medium bowl, measure out your egg product.
To the egg add worcestershire, and mayonnaise, mixing well with a whisk after each addition.
Note: add the butter later.
To your wet ingredients, add all of the dry ingredients, one at a time, mixing well after each addition.
After ingredients are mixed well, slowly add the melted butter to the mixture, mixing with a whisk while adding.
After all of the ingredients are mixed, add the crab meat and fold in.
Shape into approximately 12 - 3 oz. crab cakes.
Place the crab cakes on a cookie sheet sprayed with non stick cooking spray (otherwise your crab cakes may stick to the pan).
Place crab cakes in the oven for 15 minutes.
Take pan out of the oven, and flip crab cakes over.
Bake crab cakes an additional 10-15 minutes or until browned nicely.
Enjoy!
Let me know what you think!

Submitter: 
T. Kent
Description: 
Having lived by the Chesapeake Bay on Kent Island, MD nearly my whole life, I was challenged to develop this authentic Maryland style crab cake for a wholesale seafood company that I worked for about a year ago.  Many people claim to have the true maryland crab cake, but this one uses all lump meat with almost no filler added and tastes incredible! To make a lighter version - omit butter,use egg whites product instead of regular egg product, use fat free mayonnaise, and use 5 tbsp. of bread crumbs instead of 4 tbsp. Recipe is easily doubled to make larger crab cakes if you wish!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
