URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62107461/aebleskivers/
Title:
Aebleskivers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 Cups White Flour
1 Cup Sugar
4 Teaspoons Baking Powder
2 Teaspoons Baking Soda
9 Eggs
3 Tablespoons Vanilla
1-1&1/2  Cups Buttermilk (Optional if you like the flavor)
3 Cups Milk (total liquid make less if you add Buttermilk above)
4 Tablespoons butter

Directions:
Double sift together dry ingredients (Floor, Sugar Baking powder and soda) into a large mixing bowl
Separate egg whites into mixing bowl – add yolks to dry ingredient bowl
Beat egg whites to soft peaks
Melt butter in microwave
Add buttermilk, milk butter, and vanilla to dry ingredients
Beat as you add liquid – adjust liquid to make it syrup like batter (not runny)
Fold in egg whites using gentle circular motion
Heat aebleskiver pans to medium (I recommend having at least 2 pans for this batch – I actually use 3)
Add ¼ teaspoon butter to each cup (I use a large knife for this by cutting a 3/16 inch thick slice of butter onto the knife and then using a fork to cut little pieces of butter off into the cups)
Add batter to the cup to just below the top (pick a spoon that matches your cup size for this and drop the batter from the tip of the spoon into each cup)
Cook for about 1 minute and then flip (I use a fork rather than the traditional darning needle for this).
Depending on the temperature and the time you may need to flip twice again.   I generally flip them twice to each side to get even cooking and control burning.

Submitter: 
AUDIOPHIL
Description: 
Aebleskiver is the danish version of pancakes.  It is cooked in a cast iron pan with 7 half circle bowls.  The best pans are heavy with sides to containt the heat.  They can be eaten hot with jam.  My dad (who was from Denmark) mixed sugar with the jam to make it sweeter.  They can also be served cold with powdered sugar.  My kids love to freeze them when we make this on Sunday and then heat in the microwave during the week.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
