URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62108147/super-cheesy-crockpot-macaroni-and-cheese/
Title:
Super Cheesy Crockpot Macaroni and Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8 cups cooked Mueller's Whole Wheat Rotini or Elbow pasta
12 oz can evaporated milk
1 pint light cream
1 tsp. paprika (I use 1/2 tsp. regular paprika and 1/2 tsp. smoked paprika to give the dish a little bit of a smoky taste)
2 tsp. salt
1/2 tsp. black pepper
3 T. minced shallots, more or less to taste
2 1/4 cups Cabot's Hunter "Seriously Sharp" cheddar cheese, cubed (Set aside 1/4 cup for topping)
1 cup Spanish Mahon Reserva Aged Cheddar, cubed
1 cup Asiago cheese, cubed
2-4 T. butter, optional
8 oz. petite green peas, frozen

Directions:
Cook rotini or elbow pasta one minute less than package directions to prevent pasta becoming mushy and set aside after draining.
Put evaporated milk, light cream, paprika, salt, black pepper, shallots, cheese, and butter in crock pot.  Stir well, cover, and cook on HIGH for 1 hour.
Add pasta and frozen peas and stir.  Sprinkle remaining cheese on top.  Cook on low for 3 hours.  My crock pot heats up higher than I like, which is why I leave it on the "Keep Warm" setting instead.
Macaroni and cheese is ready when the pasta and cheese start to brown on the sides and top of the pot.  If it starts to dry out, you can pour in a little milk while it is cooking.  Serve and enjoy!

Submitter: 
Marian
Description: 
Three cheeses and a few little surprises make this a delicious addition to weekday dinner or any time.  If you can't find the Spanish Mahon Reserva Aged Cheddar or the Asiago, substitute another type of cheese that you like instead.  This is adult macaroni and cheese and is not supposed to look creamy or orange.  Make the boxed stuff for the kids and enjoy this yourself.  Don't let the appearance fool you as this is great macaroni and cheese.  Take a chance and try this recipe.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
2 1/4 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
