URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62108444/spicy-smoked-salsa/
Title:
Spicy Smoked Salsa Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/294606.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1.5 lbs. fresh hot house/vine ripened tomatoes
1 1/2 large white onions, peeled & quartered
3-6 fresh serrano peppers
6 cloves garlic
3/4 cup fresh cilantro
2 tsp balsamic vinegar
salt and pepper to taste
5 cups of hickory or mesquite wood chips

Directions:
Soak wood chips in water for 30 minutes; drain. Meanwhile, prepare outdoor grill over medium high heat and arrange soaked wood chips in a foil pan directly above the coals (or prepare traditionally in a smoker), allowing to smoke for about 10 minutes. In a foil pan, toss the tomatoes, onion, peppers and garlic with the oil until coated. Place directly on the heat source, uncovered. Smoke for approximately 20-25 minutes, checking ocassionally, with the grill lid closed. Once somewhat charred, remove vegetables from heat and let cool. Remove any loose skin from tomatoes, peel garlic cloves and seed chilis according to your heat preference. Transfer all smoked ingredients to a food processer or blender and add cilantro, vinegar, salt, and pepper. (NOTE: Add 1-2 peppers at a time, taste testing to determine heat preference.) Rough chop by pulsing your blender or food processor until desired thickness/consistency. Serve warm.

Submitter: 
brightlightz
Description: 
Smoking the vegetables in Salsa adds a whole new dimension of flavor and will leave you craving more! This will quickly become a staple for outdoor summer gatherings, and will become a must for football season! As an alternative to smoking, just grill as usual on your outdoor grill over charcoal and skip the wood chips directions. This is best served warm with fresh tortilla chips and also makes a wonderful marinade for chicken or beef!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
