URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62101730/adams-family-duck/
Title:
Adams Family Duck Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 duck, 4.5 - 5.5#, with giblets
salt
freshly ground pepper
1 onion
3 cloves garlic, minced (jar stuff is fine)
1 carrot, large, sliced in thick pieces (prepacked baby carrots will do nicely as well)
1 can orange juice concentrate
0.5 c chicken broth
0.25 c lemon or cranberry juice
1 c raisins
(1 or 2 good cooking apples, chunked -- optional -- see **)
For the sauce:
1 TB olive oil
1 onion, coarsely chopped
1 thickly sliced carrot (again, baby carrots are good too)
1 c chicken broth
0.5 c lemon or cranberry juice
1 c orange juice
parsley (if fresh, one sprig; if dried, about 1 tsp)
salt
freshly ground pepper
1 TB sour cream

Directions:
Prick duck all over, about 20 - 30 times, taking care not to injure the meat. Make sure to remove all fatty deposits near cavity openings and wash him well.
Take a tablespoon of the orange juice concentrate and rub it inside the chest cavity and on the outside of the skin. Rub a clove's worth of garlic inside the cavity and all over the rest of the duck. Sprinkle inside of cavity and outside of duck with salt and pepper.
Take 2 thick slices of onion and chop them; combine with raisins (and apple, if you're using one) and stuff cavity with mixture. Truss duck.
Slice remaining onion and scatter carrots and onion slices in roasting pan with duck. Combine orange juice, chicken broth and lemon (or cranberry) juices; baste duck lightly with mixture and roast in 350 degree oven for 1 hour. Pour off fat and roast duck again for another hour. Check duck occasionally during roasting and baste with juice mixture when necessary.
While duck is roasting, prepare duck broth. Heat oil in pan and brown neck and giblets well. Add onion, garlic and carrot slices; saute until onion wilts. Add chicken broth, parsley, orange juice, lemon/cranberry juice, salt and pepper. Bring to a boil; reduce heat, cover and simmer for one hour. Strain.
When duck is done, remove to a warm platter to set up. You can either discard the onion and carrot or reserve them as vegetables for the table. Skim the fat out of the roaster and deglaze the pan with reserved basting mixture (if none is left, just use a little more orange juice). Return reserved, skimmed drippings to the pan and bring to a boil. Add the strained duck broth. Bring it all to a boil again and reduce the sauce by about 1/3 to 1/2. Finish the sauce by adding the TB of sour cream; make sure it's all well-combined and cook until sauce coats back of spoon and has a lovely "face" to it -- it should be glossy and shiny, but not very thick.
Carve duck, preferably slicing the breast, and serve it with the sauce poured over. By all means, serve the raisin stuffing with the meat as a condiment.
Bear in mind when serving this: the sauce is for the meat and does not function well as a gravy, i.e. over mashed potatoes. I recommend serving this with the following: wild rice with mushrooms and walnuts for starch, a slice or two of whole-grain (preferably homemade) wheat bread, rutebaga, sauteed whole green beans and a spinach (or even beet) salad.
** = Sometimes, one's duck has quite a bit of room inside, so just a cup of raisins and some onion leaves an awful lot of room. Try adding these to your raisin-onion stuffing: 1 can drained mandarin oranges, 0.5 c (more or less) walnuts or pecans, a couple of cooking apples... just try and keep the stuffing ingredients in the fruit-and-nut categories for best taste.

Submitter: 
The Magpie
Description: 
This is a special treat I prepare for my family.  The fruity stuffing makes the duck doubly delicious, and the preparation is fairly lean for such a normally fatty meat.  Pretty sophisticated stuff, but not expensive to prepare. We truly enjoy it and hope you will, too :)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
