URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62105192/carrot-cake-waffle-sandwiches/
Title:
'Carrot Cake' Waffle Sandwiches Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup of flour
1/2 tsp. baking powder
1/4 tsp. salt
1 small box of raisins (or about 1/4 cup)
1/4 tsp. cinnamon
1/2 to 3/4 cup milk
1 egg
3 medium-sized carrots, boiled and pureed (method follows)
1/4 tsp. cinnamon
1 tablespoon sugar
1/8 tsp. salt
Icing:
1 pkg. 3 oz Cream Cheese
2 tablespoons sour cream
1 tablespoon butter pecan syrup
2 tablespoons white sugar

Directions:
Preheat a waffle iron to manufactor's suggestions. Grease waffle iron with non-stick spray.
Peel and slice carrots, place in a med. sized pot. Add enough water to cover. Add 1/8 tsp. of salt to the water. Boil on high for about 10 min., or until fork pierces carrot slices and they are soft. Drain water from carrots, and using a blender or magic bullet, puree carrots. Add 1/4 tsp. cinnamon and 1 tablespoon of sugar to pureed carrots. If carrots are getting stuck in blender process, add a tiny bit of water to them. Blend until spices, sugar, and carrots are mixed together. Set aside.
Combine flour, baking powder, salt, cinnamon. Mix well. Add egg to mix. Add pureed carrot mixture. Add just enough milk to mix to make a waffle-like batter consistency (I start with 1/2 a cup and then add more if batter is too thick). Mix well. Fold in the raisins. Pour by 1/4 cup fulls into heated waffle iron.
While the waffle is cooking, use a mixer to blend together the cream cheese, syrup, sugar, and sour cream.
When the waffle is finished, let cool a bit, and then add cream cheese mix to half the waffle. Fold other half of waffle over to make a sandwich. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Tanaquil
Description: 
This is one of my waffle creations I came up with when I was trying to get my son to eat carrots. He liked this because I called them 'Carrot cake waffles'. I have tried to remember what I originally did, so all measures are approximate. Let me know if you find something different that works better! My son actually prefers me not to add raisins, but I think the raisins are good in this.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min.
Ready in:
18 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
