URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62103777/maqlooba-eggplant-chicken-and-rice/
Title:
Maqlooba (Eggplant, Chicken and Rice) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 whole chickens, skin-on and cut into quarters
2 cups basmati rice, rinsed and left to soak at least 30 minutes
2 medium sized eggplants
2 medium sized onions, divided
3 large cloves garlic, chopped
salt and pepper
oil for frying
1/4 tsp. tumeric powder
1/2 tsp. garam marsala (optional)
1/2 tsp. ground cinnamon
1/4 tsp. ground cumin

Directions:
Peel and slice eggplant into 1/2" thick slices, sprinkle with salt and set aside for 30 minutes or longer.
Rinse chicken and place into a large pot, cover with water.  Add several teaspoons of salt, 1/4 tsp. black pepper and one onion, quartered.  Bring to a boil, cover and simmer over low heat for 1 hour 15 minutes or until chicken is done.
Meanwhile, rinse the eggplant and heat about 1/3 cup oil in a skillet over medium-high heat.  Pat dry the slices with paper towels and add to the oil, frying until dark golden brown, flip and brown the other side. Drain on paper towels and repeat until all eggplant is cooked.  Set aside.
When the chicken is done, put into a large pan in a single layer, sprinkle with lots of salt and pepper and broil in the oven, close to the broiler, until the skin is browned and crispy, cover with foil and set aside.
Now put the remaining spices into the chicken broth and adjust the salt, if needed, it should be slightly salty to the taste because the rice needs a good amount of salt to cook properly.  Bring a second medium-sized pot and heat over medium-high heat and add 1 tablespoon oil, add the remaining onion, which should be chopped, and the garlic, saute until golden browned.  Pull the pan off the heat momentarily to arrange the eggplant over the onion in a single layer.  Drain the rice and put half over the eggplant layer.  Repeat another layer of eggplant and then rice.  Put back on the burner and strain the chicken broth over the rice until it is 3/4" above the rice, or about 4 cups broth.  Cover and cook over medium heat until water is absorbed and rice is done.  Serve with the chicken.

Submitter: 
Noor
Description: 
The name of this middle-eastern dish means up-side down because traditionally you should flip the whole pot of rice onto a large serving platter for presentation.  No matter how you serve it, it's fantastic middle-eastern home cooking. Serve it with fresh salad and plain yogurt on the side. This can also be prepared the same way with lamb pieces.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
