URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62107713/coffee-mate-cookie-icing/
Title:
Coffee-mate Cookie Icing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
5 cups powdered sugar
8 tablespoons real butter
6 tablespoons flavored liquid coffee creamer (or use heavy cream and 2 teaspoons of any flavored extract...butter and vanilla extracts are great together!)
2 tablespoons corn syrup

Directions:
melt butter in a medium saucepan over low heat.
stir in liquid coffee creamer.
add powdered sugar.
stir until smooth, and remove from heat.
add corn syrup.
pour into a microwave safe bowl. (you may need to microwave it for a few seconds during the decorating process, as it sets kind of quickly.)
stir icing for 3 or 4 minutes until you feel that it has thickened up a bit, and cooled a little. (if you plan to drizzle over cookies or cinnamon rolls, etc., you can skip the bowl, and use it right off the stove.)
depending if you plan to spread the icing, pipe it, or dip the cookies, you can adjust the consistency by adding more powdered sugar to thicken it or more melted butter to thin it out. If you dip the cookies, you have to work quickly and will probably need to heat the icing a few times. I would say that piping the icing probably works best! If you plan to use decorator tips, you will definitely need to add more powdered sugar, and beat with an electric mixer for a few minutes. Also, you can omit the corn syrup and it will still set up very nicely and you will be able to stack them. Just be careful not to smudge your beautiful cookies!

Submitter: 
Nikki
Description: 
I usually make a sugar cookie icing that dries very hard, but when a friend asked if I could make a cookie icing like the ones at the bakery I tried this. For elaborately decorated cookies, I add a cup of extra powdered sugar to about a third of it, to pipe as an outline. It keeps the icing from running over the edges! Try different flavors of creamer. Amaretto is my favorite!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
<10 m
Number of servings: 
40
Nutritional Facts:
NA
