URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62107987/old-time-apple-turnovers/
Title:
Old Time Apple Turnovers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
DOUGH
2 1/2 cups flour
1 tablespoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup (1 stick) cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/4-inch pieces
3 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening (refridgerate before using)
4-5 tablespoons cold water (place sereval ice cubes in water to get really cold, discard ice then measure out)
FILLING
3 cups (about 3 good-size) baking apples, peeled, cored, and diced
1/4 cup packed light brown sugar
1 tablespoon butter
1 tablespoon cornstarch
1 tablespoon water
1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
1/8 teaspoon each nutmeg
2 tablespoons raisins, dried cherries or cranberries (optional)
3 tablespoons chopped walnuts (optional)
Milk and sugar, for glaze

Directions:
Measure the flour, sugar, and salt into a large bowl. Using a pastry blender or your fingers, cut or rub the butter and shortening into the flour until the mixture resembles crumbs.
Add water a tablespoon at a time toss with a fork to combine, continue mixing until the dough coheres. If the dough seems too dry, add more water 2 teaspoons at a time.
Divide the dough in half. Knead each piece once or twice on a lightly floured countertop or piece of waxed paper, then set each on a separate long sheet of plastic wrap. Shape each half into a square about 3/4 inch thick and wrap it in the plastic. Refrigerate the dough for about an hour.
For the filling, combine the apples, sugar, and butter in a medium-size nonstick saucepan. Bring the mixture to a low boil over medium-high heat, then cover the pan and boil gently for 3 to 4 minutes.
As the apple mixture cooks, combine the cornstarch, water, and spices in a small bowl and stir until smooth. Add the cornstarch mixture to the apples and cook the filling at a low boil, stirring often, for another minute.
Remove the pan from the heat and transfer the filling to a shallow casserole dish. Cool completely (about 30 minutes).
Line a large baking sheet with parchment and set it aside. (This eases cleaning if the juices leak.) Working with one piece at a time, use a flour-dusted rolling pin to roll the dough into an 11 1/2-inch square on a sheet of lightly floured waxed paper. (If the pin sticks, dust the dough with more flour.) Square up the edges with a pastry wheel, pizza cutter, or sharp knife. Cut the dough into 4 equal squares, fill them (see "How to Fill a Turnover" below), and place them on the baking sheet about 2 inches apart. Repeat with the remaining dough, adding those turnovers to the baking sheet. Refrigerate for 15 minutes.
Heat the oven to 400°. Meanwhile, brush the turnovers sparingly with milk, then generously sprinkle on sugar. Using a fork, poke each once or twice so steam will be able to escape.
9. Bake the turnovers on the center oven rack until golden brown, about 20 to 25 minutes. For more even browning, turn the sheet 180 degrees about halfway through the baking.
10. Transfer the sheet to a wire rack and let the turnovers cool at least 30 minutes before serving (or the filling will be too hot to eat). Makes 8 turnovers.
How to Fill a Turnover
Spoon 3 heaping tablespoons of filling onto the dough, leaving a good 3/4-inch border along the edge of the square. Moisten the edges of the dough with a wet finger or pastry brush.
Fold the dough diagonally over the filling, lining up the edges and pressing them together. Seal the turnovers by crimping the edges of the dough with the tines of a fork. This will help keep the filling inside.

Submitter: 
Cookie Queen
Description: 
When I was a freshman in high school, my Home Ec teacher gave us a magazine that had this recipe in it.  When I went to my daughters 5th grade conference, I ran into Mrs. Lopez and told her that I still had this recipe on the ripped out pages of the magazine. I made a few changes, but I still think it is the best one ever.  My daughter and I made them and she brought one to Mrs. Lopez who told her that she was going to go home and eat it with ice cream for dinner.  This recipe is worth the effort of making the crust from scratch.  ENJOY!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35 min
Ready in:
1 hr 30 mi
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
