URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62105833/beef-barley-stew-a-la-bourguignon/
Title:
Beef & Barley Stew a la Bourguignon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 lbs. beef stew meat (1/2 inch cubes)
1/2 lb. thick cut applewood smoked bacon
4 C. thickly sliced carrots
1 C. chopped onion
1/2 lb. frozen pearl onions, thawed
1 pinch sugar
2 C. thickly sliced celery
5 cloves garlic, crushed
1/2 tsp. crushed red pepper flakes
1 lb. crimini/button mushrooms, quartered
2 (14.5 oz) cans stewed tomatoes, crushed
1 1/2 C. dry red wine
1/4 C. cognac
1 Tbsp. tomato paste
3 C. beef broth, low sodium
2 1/2 C. beef consomme
4 bay leaves
2 tsp. salt, divided
2 tsp. dried thyme
1/2 tsp. freshly ground black pepper
2/3 C. uncooked pearl barley
2 Tbsp. balsamic vinegar
1 C. all-purpose flour
2 Tbsp. cornstarch
1/4 C. cold water
3 Tbsp. butter
1 lb. frozen green peas
1/4 C. fresh Italian parsley, minced

Directions:
Cut bacon into 1/2 inch pieces.
Toss the beef cubes in 1 tsp. salt, then toss in all-purpose flour.  Shake off excess flour.
In a large chef's pan or deep skillet, cook the chopped bacon over medium heat until the bacon is browned. Using a slotted spoon, remove bacon to a large stock pot or dutch oven. Drain off all but 2 Tbsp. of the bacon fat.
Working in batches, brown the floured beef cubes in bacon fat (brown on all sides). As meat is browned, transfer to the pot/dutch oven with the bacon.
Add the carrots, onions, garlic, celery, red pepper flakes, and 1 tsp. salt to the drippings in the skillet.  Cook for 5 - 10 minutes over medium-high heat, then remove vegetables to the pot/dutch oven.
Remove the skillet from heat and add the cognac and red wine. Place skillet back on the burner over medium heat and use a long stick match or candle/grill lighter to flame the liquid to burn off the alcohol (careful here--keep the skillet lid handy in case the fire needs quick extinguishing).  Once the flame dies out, pour the liquid into the pot/dutch oven with the bacon, beef, and vegetables.
Place the stock pot/dutch oven over medium high heat.  Add the crushed stewed tomatoes, tomato paste, broth, consomme, bay leaves, thyme, and balsamic vinegar.
Bring to a boil. Lower heat, cover, and simmer for 1 hour, stirring occasionally.
Add the barley; cover and simmer for another hour, stirring occasionally, until meat and barley are tender.
In another skillet, boil the thawed pearl onions for 5 minutes. Drain off all but a couple tablespoons of water. Sprinkle the pinch of sugar over the onions and heat over high heat, stirring frequently, until the water evaporates and onions are browned. Add onions to the stew.
In another skillet, saute the mushrooms in butter until golden brown; add to the stew.
Discard bay leaves.
Make a slurry of cornstarch and cold water.  Add the cornstarch mixture a little at a time to the stew, boiling after each addition until it reaches the desired thickness.
Add minced parsley just before serving. Serve with boiled new potatoes, if desired.

Submitter: 
AREENA
Description: 
This delicious beef stew combines elements of a traditional American Beef & Barley Stew with those of the classic French Boeuf Bourguignon.  I created this for my husband, much to his delight.  Guests have raved, too.  This is a time consuming recipe, but I don't think you'll be disappointed.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2.5 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
