URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62107979/deep-dish-stuffed-crust-spinach-pizza/
Title:
Deep Dish Stuffed Crust Spinach Pizza Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Crust:
1 cup warm water (110 degrees)
1 T active dry yeast (1 pkg)
1 pinch sugar
2 cups all-purpose flour
1 cup whole wheat flour
1 t. salt
2 T. olive oil
Cornmeal for dusting, optional
Approx 9 pieces of string cheese (mozarella)
Sauce:
1 T. olive oil
1 medium onion, chopped
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 28 oz. can peeled, crushed tomatoes
1 t. salt, or less, to taste
Fresh ground pepper, to taste
1 t. sugar
1 dash red pepper flakes
Filling/Topping:
1 10 oz. package frozen spinach, thawed & drained well
1 8 oz. container of ricotta cheese
3 c. shredded mozarella cheese, divided
1/2 c. grated parmesan cheese
1-2 ripe tomatoes, sliced thin (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 450 degrees.
Combine warm water, sugar and yeast.  Allow to sit about 10 minutes until bubbly.
Combine flours and salt in separate large mixing bowl.
Add oil to yeast mixture and stir well.
Add yeast mixture to flour mixture until dough forms and pulls away from sides of bowl.
Transfer to lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic.
Place in well-oiled bowl, cover with oiled plastic wrap and allow to rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour.
You can also use a bread machine on the dough cycle to make the pizza dough.
While dough is rising, start preparing sauce.
In a large skillet over medium high heat, add olive oil until heated.
Add onions and garlic, saute until transparent, about 5 minutes.
Stir in crushed tomatoes, salt, pepper, sugar and hot red pepper flakes.
Reduce heat to low and simmer about 30 minutes.
When dough is ready, place in lightly oiled 12 - 15 inch deep dish pizza dish that has been sprinkled with cornmeal, if desired. Press dough down and up the sides of the pan.
Arrange string cheese around the edges of the dough and fold dough over the string cheese so that the entire edge of the crust is stuffed with the cheese.
Combine spinach, ricotta, parmesan and 2 c. of the mozarella cheese until well-combined.
Spread cheese and spinach mixture evenly over bottom of crust.
Pour sauce over top of cheese and spinach mixture so that it covers evenly.
Top with remaining 1 cup of mozarella and arrange sliced tomatoes on top if desired.
Bake on lowest shelf in preheated oven for about 30 minutes or until cheese on top starts to turn golden brown.  Let sit for about 10 minutes before cutting and serving.

Submitter: 
* Jennifer *
Description: 
I created this recipe based on a few other recipes, none of which was exactly what I was looking for.  After a few trials, this is the final product.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1.5 hrs.
Ready in:
2 hrs
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
