URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62102764/butter-cream-ribbon-chocolate-fudge-cake/
Title:
BUTTER CREAM RIBBON CHOCOLATE FUDGE CAKE Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (8 oz) pkg of cream cheese, softened
1 egg
1/4 cup white sugar
3 tablespoons milk
2 tablespoons butter, softened
1 tablespoon cornstarch
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
4 (1 oz) squares unsweetened chocolate
1/2 cup butter, softened
2 cups white sugar
2 eggs
2 cups all purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cups milk
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Fudge Frosting
2 (1 oz) squares unsweetened chocolate
1/4 cup butter, softened
3 1/2 cups sifted powdered sugar
1/3 cup milk
1 teaspoon vanilla extract

Directions:
Combine cream chesse, 1 egg and 1/4 cup sugar in a medium mixing bowl; beat at high speed of an electric mixer until smooth.  Gradually add 3 tablespoons milk and next 3 ingredients beating well.  Set aside.  Melt chocolate in either a double boiler or in the microwaze.  Stir until smooth.  Remove from heat and let cool.  Cream 1/2 cup butter, gradually add 2 cups sugar, beating well at medium speed.  Add 2 eggs, one at a time beating well after each addition.  Combine flour, baking powder, soda, and salt; stir well.  Add flour mixture to creamed mixture alternately with 1 1/3 cups milk, beginning and ending with flour mixture.  Mis after each addition.  Stir in melted chocolate and 1 teaspoon vanilla.  Spread half of the chocolate batter in a greased and floured 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking pan.  Spoon reserved cream cheese mixture evenly over batter.  Top with remaining half of chocolate batter.  Bake a 350 degrees for 55 to 60 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in the center comes out clean.  Let cool completely in pan on a wire rack.  Spread frosting over cake.
Fudge Frosting
Melt chocolate squares and butter in top of double boiler or in microwave; stir until smooth.  Allow to cool slightly.  Add powdered sugar and milk to chocolate mixture, beating a medium speed until smooth.  Stir in vanilla.  Yields 2 cups frosting.

Submitter: 
Patricia Canerdy
Description: 
A simple chocolate cake with a ribbon of cream cheese running through the middle.  Very good when you want a little something different.  The frosting is very easy and is suitable any time you need a chocolate frosting.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
