URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62101635/empanadas-de-yuca-baked-yucca-tamales/
Title:
Empanadas De Yuca (Baked Yucca "Tamales") Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
WRAPPING:
1/2 cup Achiote seeds (for color)
1 cup oil (cooking spray optional)
1 package Banana Leaves(warmed or at room temperature)
Foil
MASA:
4 pounds fresh yuca, grated or processed (defrosted if using frozen yucca)
1 cup milk
2 packets of Sazon
5 garlic cloves minced
1 tablespoon Salt or Adobo
FILLING:
1 tablespoon oil
2 pounds boneless pork or chicken, chopped in small pieces
1 cup Sofrito
1 cup tomato sauce (or process 1 can of tomatoes in their own juice instead of tomato sauce)
1 can sliced pimentos, drained
1 can of garbanzos, drained
1/2 cup capers and olives
1 teaspoon adobo
1 teaspoon ground oregano
1/2 tsp cumin
1/4 cup cilantro, chopped
salt & pepper (to adjust to taste)

Directions:
This recipe can be made in one day but if you want to do this the lazy way do the following:
DAY ONE: Prepare Masa and prepare meat filling.
DAY TWO: Assemble
Pre-grated yucca can be found in the frozen vegetable aisle of your supermarket. They come in 4lb bags. This dramatically cuts down on preparation time and  grated fingertips. Banana leaves can also be found in the same section of the supermarket.
Combine all of the masa ingredients in very large bowl or pot and mix very well. Color should be consistent and a light orangy yellow. If making the day before cover and place in refrigerator.
Heat 1 tbs oil in pan. Add sofrito, tomato sauce, oregano, cumin, cilantro, olives and capers. Sautee a minute or two until fragrant. Add chopped chicken or pork and simmer until cooked well, about 15 minutes. Sometimes I add a cooking spoon of this SAUCE ONLY to the masa for flavor.
GET READY FOR ASSEMBLING PROCESS.
Simmer 1 cup of oil with 1/2 cup achiote seeds in small saucepan for 3 minutes. When ready the oil should be red in color. Strain into small bowl. Discard seeds.
You might want to use your kitchen table if your counter isn't big enough to spread out.  Placing everything in an assembly line will make the process quicker and easier.
Break off about 10 pieces of foil the length of your arm. Cut banana leaves in 10 pieces each just about two inches shorter than the length of your arm. Place one piece of banana leaf on top of each piece of foil in a neat stack in front of you so that they alternate. Behind that should be the bowl of achiote, the bowl masa at room temperature, the bowl of garbanzos, the bowl of pimentos, and the pan of meat placed on the table.
Then you begin assembling process.
Spread 2 tablespoons of achiote oil, or cooking spray for the health conscious, in center of banana leaf.
Spread 1 cooking spoon of yuca mixture on leaf, flattening out.
Spread 1 cooking spoon of meat without sauce (as dry as possible)over yuca mixture.
Top with a few pimento and garbanzos.
Top with 1/4 or 1/2 cooking spoon of masa on top of pimento and garbanzos.
Fold over the banana leaf from top to bottom but do not seal ends. Fold foil (very very  lightly flattening out contents as you go along)the same way  but lightly seal the ends of the foil if you will be freezing this for later use. If baking then do not seal the ends.
Select the ones you are using and freeze the rest. They keep for ages.
COOKING PROCESS:
Preheat oven 375 F. Line tray with foil(in case of any drips from open ends of empanadas).
Bake empanadas for a total of 45 minutes. Make sure to turn over half way through baking process.  If they are frozen, then they must be baked for 75 minutes.

Submitter: 
Ds R.
Description: 
This authentic Puerto Rican recipe is very difficult to come by on the internet. They're similar to Yucca pasteles but baked instead of boiled. Eat two for dinner with a salad and you're good to go. Or serve one as a side with Arroz Con Gandules (rice & pigeon peas). I like to top mine with some home made hot sauce and a little ketchup. These freeze well and last forever if wrapped properly. Well worth the effort. Seems like a lot of work but short cuts can be taken and preparation can be broken down into two days and then it seems like a breeze. Don't let the length of this recipe scare you!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
