URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62101901/authentic-indian-naan-bread/
Title:
Authentic Indian Naan Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 t. yeast
1 t. sugar
1 C. warm water, 120 degrees
2 C. flour, more for kneading
1 t. salt
1 stick (1/2 C) butter

Directions:
Mix yeast and sugar into water, and rest for about 5 min or until foamy.
Meanwhile, clarify butter.  Melt butter in a small saucepan.  Allow to boil breifly, then remove from heat.  After butter has cooled slightly, the foam will be solid enough to remove with a spoon.  Butter should be clear, not cloudy. Measure again, and add olive oil to get 1/2 C.
Stir flour and salt together in a medium bowl.  Make a well in teh middle and add yeast mixture and butter.  Mix together with one hand - it will be soupy.  Add enough flour to make a very soft dough, then knead for 3 min.  It can be a little sticky.  Place in a bowl greased with oil or butter and rise until doubled in a warm place, about 45 min.
Gently deflate dough and turn out onto lightly floured surface.  Divide dough into 12 equal pieces. Roll dough into thin rounds, about 6-8" each.
Heat a large, heavy skillet over med-high heat.  Add a TINY amount of butter - we're talking almost none.   You should have to scrape the bottom of the skillet with a spatula to spread it around.  The butter will be dark and smoking by now.  Place the rolled out dough onto the butter THEN COVER!!  This simulates an oven on top (helping the bubbles form) but cooks it very fast and keeps the bread soft.  Flip after 30 seconds.  Flatten the bubbles with your spatula to help the other side brown evenly.
Serve with any indian dish, roll around sandwich meats and cheese, stuff with taco mix or hummus!

Submitter: 
Carrie Causey
Description: 
I couldn't find any recipe for Naan that was exactly what I wanted, so I came up with my own!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 hr.
Ready in:
1.5 hr
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
