URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62104761/candied-walnut-vinaigrette-salad/
Title:
Candied walnut vinaigrette salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8-12 oz arugula or mesclun mix
4 1/2 fl oz walnut oil
4 1/2 fl oz peanut oil
12 oz walnuts, halved
1/2 cup brown sugar
1 tbsp butter
4 fl oz cider vinegar
2 tbsp chives, chopped
2 tbsp fresh parsley, chopped
1/2 tbsp dill, dry or fresh
1 tbsp chervil, chopped
salt
peppercorn melange

Directions:
Preheat oven to 450 degrees. While oven is warming, set a saute pan on the stove, and throw the butter in it (do not turn on heat). Chop herbs, and place them together in a small bowl. Set them aside. Arrange nuts on a flat pan, to where they are side-by-side, and not jumbled up.
In a medium bowl, add crushed peppercorn (the melange has a warm, all-around peppery taste, but black crushed peppercorn will do), and salt to the vinegar to taste. Salt and pepper can always be added, but never taken away, so go slow.
Mix the oils in a pourable cup, and whip them into the vinegar mix with a whisk (if you have one), and do this slowly and in small batches.
Mix in the herbs, and taste as you go. Remember, you will be adding sugar later!
Heat the butter on the stovetop over medium heat, until it melts. Immediately add the brown sugar and blend the mixture until the sugar caramelizes. Spoon the mixture over the nuts until evenly coated. Throw the pan of nuts into the oven for five minutes, or until a slight crunch can be sensed when trying a nut.
When guests are ready to be served, whisk the vinaigrette well, lightly coat the arugula or mesclun in a seperate bowl, transfer to individual or serving bowl, and top with candied walnuts (which can be served warm or cold, but not HOT).
Bonus: This vinaigrette dressing can be used as a great basting sauce to sear chicken and some predatory, white-fleshed fish, so save the leftovers!

Submitter: 
Aaron Geiger
Description: 
Sweet, nutty, and herbally aromatic, this vinaigrette compliments a wide variety of dishes, and is easy to make! The sugared walnuts, nut oils, and fresh herbs dramatically open the palate for roasted meats, crisp wines, and full-bodied fare. It is a great herald for spring!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
15 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
