URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62104661/peachy-salsa-chicken/
Title:
Peachy Salsa Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 Tablespoon Butter
1 Cup Red Bell Peppers, chopped
1/2 Cup Green Onions, chopped
1 Teaspoon Crushed Red Pepper
2 Garlic Cloves, minced
2 Pounds Fresh Peaches, peeled and chopped
1 Jar favorite spicy salsa
1/2 Cup Light Brown Sugar, packed
1 Tablespoon Soy Sauce
2 Tablespoons Fresh Ginger, grated
1/2 Teaspoon Cumin
1/2 Teaspoon Cayenne Pepper
1/2 Teaspoon Paprika
1/2 Teaspoon Onion Powder
2 Pounds Boneless Skinless Chicken Thighs

Directions:
1. Heat a large skillet over medium high heat and add the butter until just melted.  Cook the red pepper, onions, crushed red pepper and garlic in the butter until just tender.  Remove from the heat and set aside.
2.	Wash the fresh peaches.  Peel and pit the peaches and chop into small pieces.  Place peaches in a food processor or blender and process until the peaches are very finely chopped.  Transfer the chopped peaches to a large saucepan.
3.	Place the red pepper mixture in the food processor and process until finely chopped.  Add to the peach mixture.  Mix in the remaining  ingredients (salsa through onion powder) and mix thoroughly.  Bring to a boil and reduce heat to a simmer.  Simmer uncovered on low heat for about 10 minutes, stirring occasionally until the sauce thickens a bit.
4.	Remove from the heat and cool.  Place in a covered container and refrigerate for up to one week or store in the freezer for up to 2 months.
5.	To serve:
6.	Heat grill and cook chicken thighs about 6 to 8 minutes on each side.  During the last few minutes of grilling, brush sauce over chicken thighs.  Be careful not to use too much, or to put it on too early, as the sugars may burn.  Pour additional sauce on top after grilling for even more flavor.

Submitter: 
Lia Soscia
Description: 
This is a recipe I developed while camping in the wild outdoors.  I love experimenting with different salsas when grilling chicken.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
