URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62105599/perfect-meatballs/
Title:
Perfect Meatballs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Meatballs:
2 lbs. lean ground beef
1/4 cup evaportated milk
2 tablespoon water
1/2 cup fresh bread crumbs
2 tablespoons butter
1 large onion, chopped
2 eggs
3 large cloves garlic, minced
2 teaspoons salt
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
2 teaspoons oregeno
2 tablespoons olive oil
Tomato Sauce:
2 tablespoon olive oil
1 medium onion, chopped
2 large garlic cloves, minced
1 medium sweet red bell pepper, chopped
1 (14 ounce) can diced tomatoes
1-2 teaspoons tomato paste
1 teaspoon sugar
1/4 teaspoon basil
1/4 teaspoon oregeno
2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar
Salt and pepper to taste
1/4 cup evaporated milk
Grated cheese of your choice

Directions:
For meatballs, Mix breadcrumbs, milk and water and set aside. Heat butter over medium heat and saute onion until lightly golden brown. Turn off the heat, add garlic and set aside to cool. In a bowl add the cooled onion mixture, ground beef, breadcrumb mixture, salt, pepper, oregeno and eggs. Mix well and form into 2-inch sized meatballs. Fry them over medium-high heat in the olive oil until browned and cooked completely. Transfer them to a baking dish and set aside.
Over medium-high heat, heat the oil in a skillet and saute onion until they soften. Add garlic and red pepper and cook until pepper begins to soften. Add canned tomatoes with their juice along with oregano, basil and sugar. Cook until heated, then remove from the heat and add the vinegar, tomato paste and milk. Add salt and pepper as needed to suit your taste. Pour sauce over meatballs and sprinkle on grated cheese. Cover with foil and put in a 375 degree oven for 10- 15 minutes or until cheese melts and meatballs are reheated.

Submitter: 
Noor
Description: 
You will never need another meatball recipe after tasting these! They are moist and tender and the sauce is so delicious. Serve as you would meatloaf along side potatoes or rice.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
