URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62104305/ruby-qs-italian-wedding-soup/
Title:
Ruby Q's Italian Wedding Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Tiny Meatballs:
1 chicken breast, semi frozen
2 cups fresh bread crust,frozen & chopped (I freeze left over white bread crust when recipes call for cutting off the crust.)
2 eggs
1 garlic clove
1 cup grated Parmesan or Romano Cheese
1 small bunch parsley diced
Chicken Soup:
1 gallon freshly made chichen broth or College broth
1 tbsp. chicken flavored Better Than Boullion or 2 chicken boullion cubes
1 pkg.frozen finely chopped spinach or 1 lb. finely chopped escarole
1 cup chopped celery
1 cup diced onion
1 carrot, sliced
Crouton:
1/2 loaf stale bread cubes (1/2 inch)
1/2 stick butter
1 tbsp. Parmesan Cheese
1 egg, beaten
1 tbsp. olive oil
1 small garlic clove, minced
2 tbsp parsley, chopped

Directions:
Meatballs:
Put the chicken breast, bread, eggs, garlic and Parmesan Cheese in the food processor and pulse for 10 seconds at a time until the mixture is smooth. Add the parsley and pulse 3 times to incorporate. Avoid over processing here. Using 1/2 -3/4 teaspoon roll into meatball and place on parchment covered cookie sheet and freeze or drop into the simmering broth.
Broth
Bring the chicken broth to a simmer and add onion, celery, carrot,frozen chopped spinach or escarole, and boullion. Simmer until the vegetables are cooked. Drop the meatballs into the simmering soup and continue to cook for 20 minutes or until meatballs are cooked through.
Prepare the croutons.
Crouton:
Melt the butter.
In a food processor, blend the Parmesan cheese, eggs, garlic, oil and parsley.
Put the bread cubes in a large mixing bowl and pour the mixture over coating each cube being careful not to over mix.
Melt 1 stick of butter on a cookie sheet with sides and put the bread cubes in separating them apart. Bake 400 until golden brown. Stir frequently while baking to keep separate.
When the soup is ready to serve, top each bowl with the croutons and grated Parmesan Cheese.

Submitter: 
PJ's kitchen
Description: 
My mother made absolutely the best Italian Wedding soup and her secret meatball recipe uses chicken breast instead of ground beef etc. These tiny meatballs are tedious to make so I suggest that you freeze them on a cookie sheet and then in freezer bags to have ready to use. A food processor or grinder is necessary or you may purchase finely ground chicken breast from your butcher.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1-2 h
Ready in:
2-3 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
