URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62109475/dijon-marinated-gruyere-burgers-with-caramelized-onions-and-watercress-salad/
Title:
Dijon Marinated Gruyere Burgers with Caramelized Onions and Watercress Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the burgers:
1-1 1/2 lbs extra lean ground sirloin
2 to 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard
1-1 1/2 cups fresh grated Gruyere cheese
Salt and freshly ground black pepper
Olive oil
4 Whole wheat buns
For the onions:
1 large red onion, sliced in petals
1-2 tbsp extra virgin olive oil
1 tsp honey
1 tsp balsamic vinegar
For the salad:
1 bunch watercress, thick stems plucked
1 Gala or Red Delicious apple, cored and coursely chopped
For the vinagrette:
1/4 cup apple cider vinegar
1 tablespoon whole-grain Dijon mustard
1/4 cup soybean or safflower oil
2 teaspoons fine sugar
For the Garnish:
1 small Gala or Red Delicious apple, cored, thinly sliced
Sprigs of fresh thyme

Directions:
Form 4 thick sirloin burgers to the size of the buns and season with the salt and pepper.
Drizzle a couple drops of olive oil on each burger.
Spoon the mustard on the burgers and use your hands to ensure they are entirely coated with the mustard and oil.
Sprinkle with fresh thyme leaves.
Let marinate 1 hour or up to overnight covered in the refrigerator.
Bring to room temperature before cooking.
Preheat the grill on high for 10 minutes.
Grill over medium heat for 5 minutes on each side for medium, or varied depending on how you like yours cooked.
Toward the last minute or two add the cheese to the burgers and toast the buns on the grill.
Let the burgers sit 5 minutes before serving to allow for the juices to settle.
While the burgers are cooking, heat the olive oil over medium-high heat in a large skillet.
Add onions and cook for about 4 minutes. Then drizzle onions with honey and balsamic vinegar and cook until softened and lightly caramelized, about 12-15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.
Whisk the vinagrette ingredients.
Stir in the oil slowly to allow it to emulsify.
Season to taste with salt and pepper.
Toss with the watercress and apple.
Reserve some of the dressing for the burgers.
For the presentation, top burgers with onions and little of the salad.
Add the remaining vinagrette.
Garnish with a few sprigs of fresh thyme and sliced apples.

Submitter: 
Shock
Description: 
Inspired by traditional rustic French cuisine, this classic American past-time is easy enough for a weeknight and just as impressive for guests.  The presentation is absolutely beautiful!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
125 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
