URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62104230/spinach-stuffed-chicken-breasts/
Title:
spinach stuffed chicken breasts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8 skinless, boneless chicken breasts -
pounded flat.
2 -10oz pkgs frozen chopped spinach - defrosted and water squeezed out.
1 cup mayonaise
1/2 cup - sour cream
1 - cup parmesan cheese - shredded
1/2 cup Asiago cheese - shredded
1 - cup chopped fine sun dried tomatoes
2 - teaspoons chopped garlic
1 - teaspoon - garlic pepper
1 - teaspoon salt
8 - slices of bacon - uncooked
2 cups - whipping cream
1 cup - gorgonzola cheese
1/2 cup - Asiago cheese
1 - teaspoon finely chopped garlic
2 teaspoons black pepper
1 - teaspoon salt
1/2 cup pine nuts - roasted

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Mix together in a bowl, spinach, mayonaise, sour cream, sundried tomatoes, asiago cheese, parmesan cheese, garlic, garlic pepper & salt.  Mix well.  Lay one slice of bacon on bottom, then 1 flatten chicken breast, put in 1/4 cup of spinach filling.  Roll tightly with bacon wrapped around.  Lay on a 13 x 9 pan seam side down.  Repeat with remaining breasts.  sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper.
Bake for 40 minutes at 350 degrees.  Turn up oven to 400 and bacon another 10 minutes or until bacon is cooked through and crispy on the outside.
While chicken is cooking in a medium saucepan, bring whipping cream to a boil on medium heat.  Turn down to a simmer after it comes to a boil, add gorgonzola cheese. asiago cheese, garlic, black pepper and salt.  Using a whisk, mix until cheese is melted through.  Remove chicken breasts from oven and slice each breast into 3 slices each.  Lay the slices on a dinner plate, dress with gorgonzola sauce and sprinkle toasted pine nuts on top.

Submitter: 
Tina Andre' Fox
Description: 
Stuffed chicken breasts with a creamy spinach & sundried tomato filling, wrapped in bacon and served with a gorgonzola sauce.  This is such an easy dish to prepare and it's an elegant dish to serve.  The presentation is beautiful. I have served this many times in my catering business for weddings.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 h 40
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
