URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62100657/the-best-savory-meat-pie-ever/
Title:
The Best Savory Meat Pie Ever Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb. ground beef or turkey
1/2 c minced onion
several potatoes and carrots
4-6 cloves garlic
2 regular 9' pie crusts
1 can tomato soup
1-2 cups frozen peas
1-2 cups corn
worchestershire sauce to taste
1 T tomato paste
steak sauce to taste
oregano to taste
garlic salt to taste
garlic powder to taste
paprika
black pepper
small amount of milk
3 oz. cream cheese
4 T butter
1/2 cup -1 cup sour cream

Directions:
Boil enough potatoes and carrots to make a nice amount of mashed potatoes (and carrots).
To the pot, add garlic cloves. (This makes a nice vegetable broth to keep for something else).
Saute ground meat, along with onion. When done, add 1 can of tomato soup, garlic powder, s and p to taste, a few dashes of oregano, and several good dashes of paprika.
Add a little steak sauce to taste, worchestershire to taste, 1 T tomato paste, and milk to desired consistency.
Add corn and peas.
Stir.
Set aside.
Make mashed potatoes/carrots/garlic by adding 3 oz. cream cheese, sour cream, butter, and season salt to taste.
I use a ricer, which gives a great consistency.
Fill unbaked pie crusts with layer of beef, then layer of mashed potatoes/carrots.
Bake, covered, at 350 for 30 mins.
Uncover, then cook 10 mins.
Cheese can also be added on top but it is great without it!

Submitter: 
hisdrinkoffering
Description: 
Of all the savory meat pies I've tried, this wins top prize! This can be played with, but as is, it is most magnificent. The special way the mashed potatoes are made really do make this special, and the paprika in the beef adds a beautiful, unique taste.
This actually yields 2 pies, so you can freeze one. This will bring many smiles to even the pickiest of eaters!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 hr. 40 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
