URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62102291/swedish-meatballs-via-norway/
Title:
Swedish Meatballs via Norway Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 lb. ground beef
1 lb. ground pork
1 lb ground veal
1-1/4 c. *Zwieback crumbs (baby food sect.
1-3/4 cup milk
5 slightly beaten eggs
1-3/4 cup finely minced yellow onion
2-3 T. butter
1 tsp. ground allspice
3 tsp. gr. nutmeg
2 T. salt
1/2 tsp. pepper
4 T. butter
4 T. flour
3 cans of beef bouillion
4 cups water
a dash of Worchestershire (go light on this)
2 heaping T. of ketchup
1/2 tsp. gr. allspice or nutmeg
1-1/2 tsp. instant coffee granules
1 to 2 heaping T. sour cream
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
In food processor, grind 4 or 5 slices of Zwieback (or enough to equal 1-1/4 cup) to fine crumbs. In a small bowl, cover crumbs with milk. Stir and let sit till well moistened. Add a bit more milk if needed. Mixture should be pretty moist, not clumped together.
In a small pan, saute onions in butter till translucent.
In large bowl, mix meats, crumb/milk mixture, eggs, 1 tsp. allspice, 3 tsp. nutmeg, salt and pepper.
Shape into smaller size meatballs, place them on cookie sheets.
With the large amount this recipe makes, you can bake these in a 350 deg. oven for about 20 minutes, shaking the pan frequently to brown them evenly, but pan-frying them is better, as you get all the small brown bits which enhances the gravy.Just be sure to drain off the fat from pan first before making gravy.
For sauce, in same pan you fried meatballs, or a large pot or dutch oven (if you baked them), melt 4 T. butter, add 4 T. flour, stir well. Add a bit more butter if needed..should not be too thick. Add beef bouillion, water, ketchup,worchestershire, 1/2 tsp. allspice or nutmeg, instant coffee (or about 1/2 c. leftover coffee if desired) and 1 to 2 T. sour cream, and salt and pepper to your taste. Stir well with a wire whisk until thickened. NOTE: Make sure you add "instant coffee granules" BEFORE adding sour cream, or they will not dissolve well. Adjust seasonings if necessary.
Add cooked meatballs to gravy mixture, turning gently to coat the meatballs with gravy. Let simmer on LOW heat about 30 minutes to heat through.
Meatballs and gravy can be transferred to a crockpot set on very low heat to keep warm. ENJOY!!
Note:  These can be made ahead of time and they do freeze well, but freeze meatballs and gravy separately.

Submitter: 
SheasLounge
Description: 
This is my great-grandmother's recipe who was born in Norway. My mother has made them every Christmas that I can remember and our family and friends always LOVE them. The secret ingredient is coffee - yes, coffee!! Scandanavians know their coffee and always put it to use. It is a labor of love as they are time consuming to make, but try them, I don't think you'll be disappointed!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1-1/2 hr
Ready in:
2-3 hrs.
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
