URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62102146/caldo-tlalpeno/
Title:
Caldo Tlalpeño Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 quarts of good chicken stock, preferably homemade but canned is OK
2 whole chicken breasts
salt to taste
2 tbsp vegetable or good quality olive oil
1 medium onion
4 garlic cloves
2 small or 1 large ripe tomato
2 ribs of celery, sliced
1 can of Goya chipotles in adobo
Your choice of (add more liquid/stock if needed): Carrots, sliced; Zuchini, sliced; Potatoes, cubed; Corn on the cob, cut in pieces
Canned garbanzo beans, drained (I use Goya)
2 ripe avocadoes
2 limes, cut in wedges
2 cups shredded Asadero cheese (or Monterrey Jack or Queso fresco)
Chopped cilantro
Mexican yellow Rice (prepared separately) and corn tortillas

Directions:
Bring chicken stock to a boil, add salt to taste and add chicken breasts; boil until fully cooked.
Drain chicken and set aside to cool, leave stock in stove in low heat while you continue with the recipe.
Fry onions and garlic in oil until transparent, add celery and tomato and fry a bit more. Add mixture to stockpot.
Cut the chipotle peppers in strips and set aside. Add about 1/4 to 1/2 tsp of the adobo paste from the chipotles to the stockpot. The rest of the chipotles could be added to the soup, but it may end up being way too spicy for some people. As an alternative, they are served on the side as a topping choice.
Increase flame of the stockpot and add your choice of vegetables. Boil gently until vegetables are tender. Add the garbanzo beans and cook until heated through or serve them on the side as a choice.
Adjust the salt if needed. Keep hot until serving.
By now the chicken should have cooled enough to handle. Shred the breasts and set aside.
Chop the cilantro and set aside; cut the avocados just before serving to avoid browning. You can sprinkle some lemon or lime juice over them to help.
To serve: In each bowl, place some chicken, cheese, and avocado. Then pour the hot soup over and top with chopped cilantro.
Put the chipotles, garbanzos  and lime wedges (or all of the ingredients except the soup)in the table and allow each person to add what they want.
This soup is eaten with rice and soft, warm corn tortillas.

Submitter: 
Milly Suazo-Martinez
Description: 
One of Mexico's premier soups, this spicy delight originated in the Tlalpán area of Mexico City. It's basically chicken stock, shreded chicken, chipotle chilies and white cheese with your choice of vegetables. Some cooks add potatoes, celery, corn or zuchinni. There are lots of versions, try this one for a change. Trivia I found: Queen Elizabeth was served Caldo Tlalpeño at the Reagan ranch during her visit in 1983.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
