URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62104805/brilliant-sauteed-broccoli/
Title:
Brilliant Sauteed Broccoli Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb broccoli florets (1.5 lbs with stems)
1 oz parmesan, finely grated
2 tbsp olive oil
1 tsp brown sugar
1 tsp red pepper flakes
1/8 tsp peppercorn melange
1/4 tsp kosher salt
water
ice

Directions:
Fill a pot with hot water, and set it on high heat on the stove. Meanwhile, set up a large bowl or another pot on the countertop, and fill it most of the way with equal parts ice and cold water. In a cup, evenly mix the brown sugar and parmesan.
While waiting for water to boil, chop the stems off of the broccoli, and/or separate the florets into manageable pieces. Make sure you rinse your produce.
When your pot gets a rolling boil, place your broccoli into a handled strainer or colander, and boil the broccoli 1-2 minutes ONLY. Immediately transfer the broccoli, still in the strainer, to the ice-down pot or bowl, and chill until cold (less than a minute). Take the broccoli out, and set it in a holding dish that has been lined with cloth or paper towels. This cold water shock will allow the broccoli to keep a brilliant green color, even if the meal will be a day or two away!
When you are ready for a quick saute, heat your oil over high heat for a short time, taking care not to overheat (you'll begin to see smoke). Throw in the broccoli, salt, pepper, and red pepper flakes. Flip the broccoli a few times to evenly coat the florets, and saute for 1-2 minutes.
Transfer the broccoli to a pan, and dust with the parm/sugar mix to taste.

Submitter: 
Aaron Geiger
Description: 
If you want a slightly original restaurant-quality broccoli at any point within three days, this is the recipe you want! This is also great for entertaining guests with a large amount of food, and you want to shave some time without looking like you cut corners. This recipe shows how you can shock your greens to stay brilliant, while making a presentation that says you really care about your food. The combinations of color with the bright green, red flakes, and white/brown topping is pleasing. The taste highlights sweet against spice, with a nice, crisp bite of seasoned broccoli.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
