URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62102932/crispy-potato-pancakes/
Title:
Crispy Potato Pancakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 lb. Potatoes, all-purpose
3 Eggs, beaten
4 oz. (about 2 medium-sized) Onions, minced
2 oz. (1/4 cup) Flour
1 tbsp. Baking powder
TT Nutmeg (TT means to taste)
TT Salt and pepper
4 fl. oz. Vegetable oil
1 tsp. Lemon juice
The reason you salt and peppper and nutmeg to taste is because potatoes are very starchy and easily absorb these ingredients, especially salt.  Depending on the potato, you may need more salt that you normally would and vice versa.

Directions:
Peel and coarsely grate the potatoes (They should look like thick shredded cheese)
Transfer the grated potatoes to a bowl and add the beaten eggs, onions, baking powder, and lemon juice.
Season with nutmeg, salt and paper.
Blend well.
Heat the oil.
Form the potato mixture into a test trial patty.
Pan fry the patty until tender, turning once when well browned on the first side.
Remove from pan and drain well.
Taste the test patty and determine if you want more nutmeg or salt and pepper. (I would recommended writing down how much you like for future references)
If desired, add more salt, pepper, and/or nutmeg
After the extra seasoning is added, form the potato mixture into 12 uniform-sized pancakes.
Pan-fry the pancakes until tender, turning once when well browned on the first side.
Remove them from the pan and drain well.
If you don't plan on serving right away, place in a pre-heated 170 degree oven to keep warm.  I recommend using a cookie sheet with paper towels below to absorb the grease and help the pancakes remain crispy.

Submitter: 
maf13456
Description: 
Need a tasty side for any meal of the day?  These are the route to go.  I tried this recipe in my culinary class and they were amazing!  Everyone raved about their excellent texture and flavor!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 min.
Ready in:
35 min.
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
