URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62108378/healthy-eggplant-and-fish-cannelloni/
Title:
Healthy Eggplant and Fish Cannelloni Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup brown rice
2c water
pinch salt
1 Tbls maragarine
1 1/2 large eggplant thinnly sliced lenghwise
2 Tbls olive oil
salt to taste
1 tsp oilve oil
1 c chopped oyster mushroom
5 c fresh leaf spinach
dash garlic powder
2 tsp reduced fat margarine
salt and pepper to taste
pich cayanne pepper
1/4 c 2 Tbls low fat cottage cheese
2 med size Halibut fillets cut into 1 1/2 inch pieces
Tomato-Pesto Bechamel Sauce
2 tsp cold water
1 Tbls cornstarch
2 c nonfat milk
1 Tbls reduced fat margarine
3/4 cube fish bouillon crushed
1/2 (8 ounce) can chopped tomatos
5 Tbls fresh chopped basil
dash garlic powder (to taste)

Directions:
Boil brown rice in water with a pich of salt (to taste). After about 20 min (when rice is cooked through) removed from heat and drain any excess water. Mix in 1 Tbls margarine and set aside.
Preheat oven to 450F.
Brush sliced eggplant with oilive oil and sprinckle both sides of slices with salt. Then, in a lightly greased frying pan, pan fry eggplant slices (2-3 at a time) until browned on both sides. Set aside.
Using same frying pan, heat 1 tsp oilve oil on high and add chopped oyster mushrooms. When mushrooms start to brown, reduced heat to low and add spinach and garlic power. When spinach begins to wilt, quickly remove pan from heat and stir in margarine and salt and pepper (to taste) until spinach is almost completely wilted. Stir in cayanne pepper and cottage cheese and set aside.
To make Tomato-Pesto Bechamel Sauce:
In a small saucepan mix cold water and cornstarch until no lumps appear. Place on burner on med-low heat and gradually add milk and bouillon, stirring constantly. Then add canned tomato, basil, and garlic powder. Let simmer for 5-7 min (or until sauce thinkens to your desire).
Greese a 8x8 in baking tin with oilve oil spray and pour rice into bottom of panand press down evenly over bottom of pan with back of a spoon.
Bake in oven for 15 min. Remove from oven and lower temperature to 350F.
Place a couple of spoonfuls of mushroom mixture on center of eggplant. Top with 1-2 pieces of Halibut. Roll and place on top of rice seam side down. Repeat for all eggplant slices.
Pour prepared sauce all over eggplant rolls.
Bake for 35 min.
Buon appetito!

Submitter: 
Natalie Ercolini
Description: 
Use eggplant instead of pasta to make your cannelloni, stuff it with oyster mushrooms and fresh Halibut, then top it off with a homemade Tomato-Pesto Bechamel Sauce...and wow! What a delicious result! Bake this recipe with brown rice for your healthy carb intake.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 hr
Ready in:
1 hr 35 mi
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
