URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62113360/baingan-ka-bharta/
Title:
Baingan ka Bharta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 egg plant(brinjal)(should be fat and big)
5-6 big onion finely chopped
7-8 green chillies
2 tablespoon fine cut ginger
5-6 big tomatoes finely chopped
1-1/2 tsp red chili powder
2 tsp dhania (coriander) powder
salt to taste
2-3 tbs oil
1 tsp jeera (cumin seeds)for sauté
coriander leaves coarsly chopped for garnish
1 tsp Garam Masala powder
1 pinch of hing (Asafoetida)

Directions:
Set oven to broil on high. Grease the Egg Plant with some oil, poke 2 or three holes and put it in the oven. Keep checking it till the outer skin starts cracking and can be peeled off easily.
Allow the eggplant to cool a little. Peel the outer skin of the eggplant under cold water.
When the skin is removed, crush the eggplant well (using knife/spoon or masher) so that it has an even consistency, you can spare the seeds if you want.
Put some oil in a pan. When hot, put hing (Asafoetida)and Jeera (cumin seeds)in. After a minute or so, when the cumin seeds begin to turn darker and give off aroma, add the finely chopped onions.
When the onions are light golden brown, add the finely cut green chillies and ginger to it.
Heat the mixture for 2-3 minutes. Then add tomatoes and stir until this masala is pulpy and seperates from the oil..
Add all the masalas and add the eggplant to it. Stir it well and crush the eggplant as much as possible.
Heat and stir it until the egg plant is well blended into the onion and tomato paste mixture.
The more you sauté it, the more enhanced the flavor becomes.
Garnish with coriander leaves and serve hot with Parathas or Roti (Indian flat bread).

Submitter: 
//^_^\\ Chatterjee
Description: 
This is so good, I really want to share this recipe that was given by a sweet woman named Manjula. It is an absolutely delicious North Indian vegitarian dish. Main ingrediant is eggplant.
Coriander powder, cumin seeds, garam masala powder, and hing can all be found at a local Indian store.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
