URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62115250/grilled-honey-chili-flap-steak/
Title:
Grilled Honey-Chili Flap Steak Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2lbs flap steak
1/2 red onion
queso fresco
flour or corn tortillas
2 limes
Sauce
1/4 cup honey
1/4 fresh lime juice
2 chipotle peppers diced
3 cloves garlic
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar
2 tablespoons chipotle mustard
1 teaspoon powdered cumin
1/4 cup chopped cilantro
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon pepper
Rub
1 tablespoon garlic powder
2 teaspoons chili powder
2 teaspoons Mexican oregano
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon pepper

Directions:
Trim off as much fat as possible from the flap steaks.
Combine all the dry rub ingredients in a small dish and mix them with your fingers. Sprinkle the rub over both sides of the flap meat then pat the rub into the meat. Wrap the steak up in some plastic kitchen wrap and put it in the refrigerator  over night.
Combine all the sauce ingredients into a bowl and mix together. Put the sauce in the refrigerator for 1-2 hours so the flavors can blend together.
Set up your grill for direct grilling, keeping one part of your grill at a medium temp and the rest at a high temp. Rub a light coat of oil over the grates so your flap meat doesn't stick.
Spread the flap meat out on the grill and let it cook until you see smoke from the spices. Flip the meat over and squeeze a fresh lime over the steak. When it starts to smoke again flip it again. Now brush half of the sauce onto both sides of the meat and cook till done. Total cooking time should be about 8-10 minutes.
Remove the meat and let it rest for 5 minutes. Cut the meat across the grain to break the fibers. Then chop the meat up into small bite size pieces.
Put the meat into your tortillas. Add some red onion a little bit of the sauce and some queso fresco.

Submitter: 
Bryce Gifford
Description: 
Flap meat, also called Ranchera or Carne Asada meat, is a cheap and flavorful cut that is a staple in Mexican cooking. If you can't find flap meat then you can substitute a pounded out flank steak.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
8 h
Ready in:
8 h an
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
