URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62119452/beef-chili-with-chorizo-and-carne-asada-steak/
Title:
Beef Chili with Chorizo and Carne Asada Steak Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Chili:
1 46oz can tomato juice
2 14.5oz cans diced tomatoes
3 beef bouillon cubes (extra large)
1 lb. ground beef
1 lb. hot, smoked, dried chorizo
1 lb. flank steak
1 green bell pepper
1 onion
2 chili peppers
3 cans kidney beans
2 cans black beans
1/4 cup chili powder
1/4 cup hot sauce
Steak:
1/4 cup tequila
1/4 cup lime juice
1/4 cup lemon juice
1/4 cup orange juice
4 cloves garlic
1-2 tsp. black pepper
2 tbsp. hot sauce
1-2 tsp. powdered cayenne pepper

Directions:
Pour can of tomato juice into a large pot (least 5 quarts in size) over low heat.
Add a beef bouillon cube when juice gets warm and stir until mostly dissolved.  Repeat with the other 2 until all 3 are dissolved.
Add some of the chili powder and some hot sauce, and the cans of diced tomatoes (do not drain).
Chop the green bell pepper, onion, and chili peppers. Place in a bowl off to the side, and add some chili powder and hot sauce. Mix thoroughly.
In a frying pan, brown the ground beef.  Add chili powder while it is browning.
When it is about 75% browned, add the bowl of peppers and onions to the frying pan, then complete browning.
Add beef/pepper/onion mixture to pot of tomato juice.
Fry chorizo and add chili powder and hot sauce. Then add to pot.
In a sealable container, add tequila, lime juice, lemon juice, orange juice, garlic, black pepper, hot sauce, and powdered cayenne pepper to flank steak. Allow to marinate for 1 hour.
Rinse off and drain kidney and black beans. Add hot sauce and chili powder to them and mix, then add to pot.
After the steak has marinated at least an hour, grill until brown. Be careful not to char excessively.
Add steak to pot, then cover and occasionally stir and add chili powder to taste. Let simmer for at least 4 hours.

Submitter: 
Jeremy
Description: 
A great smoky, spicy, hearty chili!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
90
Ready in:
360
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
