URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62115384/patis-bbqranch-gourmet-pizza/
Title:
Pati’s BBQ/Ranch Gourmet Pizza Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 large batch of pizza dough (I used “Jay’s Signature Crust” from this site)
1 cup barbeque sauce (I used Bullseye Chipotle)
1 cup ranch dressing (I used my own home made)
2 cups precooked chicken, chopped (I used Buffalo style)
1/2 cup sliced pepperoncini  peppers
3 cups shredded mozzarella cheese
3 chopped scallions (green onions)
½ lb thick sliced meaty bacon, lightly cooked
Oil
2-3 diced roma tomatoes
1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves (opt.)
1 chopped avocado (opt.)

Directions:
1. Heat oven to 400 degrees.
2. Pre-warm baking stone if you have one  (If you have no stone, use a large pizza pan lightly greased)
3. Mix ranch dressing and BBQ sauce in small bowl.  If you want to make extra for later dipping, just use equal parts of dressing and BBQ sauce.)
4. After dough ball has risen, turn over on to seasoned baking stone (I have a well seasoned pizza stone) or greased pizza pan.  Gently spread dough to cover pan or desired thickness.
5. Prebake this dough just a few minutes until its dry on top (maybe up to 5 minutes.)
6. Remove from oven and carefully spread the BBQ/Ranch dressing on crust.  (You can save some for dipping if there’s too much.)
7. Top pizza in this order: chicken, pepperoncini  peppers, cheese, scallions and bacon.  Brush exposed crust with oil.
8. Bake on lower rack of oven for about 15-20 minutes until cheese is bubbly and crust is golden browned.  Watch it towards the end so you don’t over bake.
9. Remove from oven and top with tomatoes, cilantro (opt.) and avocado (opt.).
10.  Slice and enjoy a bit of heaven!

Submitter: 
PatiO
Description: 
I couldn’t find a good recipe like this one that I had in my head, so I made it up.  This is as good as you’d get in any pizza kitchen restaurant.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min plu
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
