URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62115169/tortellini-shrimp-soup/
Title:
Tortellini & Shrimp Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8 oz. Dried Cheese Tortellini
3 Med. carrots - diced
3 Celery Ribs - diced
1 small white Onion - diced
2 gloves garlic - minced
2 Tbls. Tomato Paste
2 Tbls. Butter
2 Tbls. Olive Oil
4 cups (loosely packed) shredded Swiss Chard
1 Lb. 26-30 count shrimp (peeled & deveined)
Salt & Pepper to Taste
2 tspn. red pepper flakes (reduce if you don't like the heat)
6-8 cups chicken broth

Directions:
In a seperate pot, cook the tortellini in salted water, cool, and drain, set aside.
Heat heavy stock pot over medium high heat, add the butter and olive oiil.
While pot is heating dice the carrots, celery, and onions. When butter is melted add the carrots and celery, cook 3 - 5 minutes, add the onion. When onion starts to just brown add the garlic for 1-2 minutes, stirring and browning. Add the tomato paste and stir for 1-2 minutes (remove from heat if garlic starts to get too brown.)
Add the stock directly to the ingredients in the stock pot and bring to a boil. Check for seasoning.
Add the red pepper flakes and the shredded Swiss Chard, stir and reduce to a simmer 8 - 12 minutes.
Check seasoning, salt & pper if needed.
Check the chard, if it is close to done, add the shrimp and the reserved tortellini on a low simmer, stir, and allow the shrimp to cook, 3 - 6 minutes depending on the size.
When the shrimp is cooked, stir and ladle into warmed bowls and serve with a good, hearty bread and a nice Sangiovese!
Note: To add a little to this, and make it more like a stew, add 1/2 - 1 Lb of kehlbasi or smoked sausage when you add the chard.
Also, I will, on occasion, drop a rind from a piece parmesan reggiano, just before serving.

Submitter: 
RCHEISS
Description: 
Rich broth, a touch of spice, plump shrimp and cheesy tortellini makes for a hearty fall or winter soup.

Kick it up with some smoked sausage and it adds a whole new dimension.

Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30-40 minu
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
