URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62117242/christmas-ambrosia-cake/
Title:
Christmas Ambrosia Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Cake:
1 package (18.25 ounces) yellow cake mix with pudding
1-1/4 cups orange juice (preferably not from concentrate), divided
1/2 cup canola oil
1 tsp. vanilla
4 large eggs, at room temperature
3/4 cup flaked sweetened coconut
1/2 cup powdered sugar
2 tsp. finely grated orange zest
Glaze:
3 oz. cream cheese, softened
2 Tbs. unsalted butter, softened
1 Tbs. sour cream
1/4 tsp. vanilla
1 cup powdered sugar, sifted
1 Tbs. orange juice
1 Tbs. flaked sweetened coconut

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour a Bundt pan and set aside.
Make cake: in a large mixing bowl, combine the cake mix, 1 cup of the orange juice, oil, vanilla and eggs. Mix on low speed for 30 seconds until combined. Scrape sides of bowl; increase speed to medium and beat for two minutes until well-blended. Stir in coconut with a rubber spatula, making sure the batter is completely blended. Pour batter into prepared pan and bake until a toothpick inserted comes out clean, about 45 minutes.
About 10 minutes before the cake is done, whisk together the remaining 1/4 cup orange juice, powdered sugar and orange zest in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and simmer for 5 minutes, then remove from heat and set aside.
As soon as the cake is removed from the oven, pierce the cake deeply all over with a large wooden skewer, making many holes. Spoon the hot orange syrup slowly over the hot cake, letting each addition absorb into the holes and the cake before the next addition. Let the cake cool in the pan for 25 minutes, then invert onto a wire rack to finish cooling completely.
Make glaze: beat together the cream cheese, butter, sour cream and vanilla until smooth. Add powdered sugar and beat until light and fluffy. Add orange juice and beat until mixture is a thick but pourable glaze. Drizzle over cooled cake, then sprinkle with coconut and serve.

Submitter: 
Tiffany
Description: 
This is a beautiful cake for a Christmas buffet or holiday potluck supper.  It is so easy to make, yet because of the fabulous fresh orange flavor, no one ever suspects it starts with a cake mix.  You can also substitute dried sweetened cranberries for the coconut for another festive holiday cake ... just toss them with a bit of cake mix to keep them from sinking to the bottom during baking.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
65
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
