URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62111682/salmon-with-wild-rice-pilaf-in-puff-pastry/
Title:
Salmon with Wild Rice Pilaf in Puff Pastry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Wild rice Pilaf
1/2 C long grain white rice
1/2 C wild rice
1 bay leaf
1 C low sodium chicken broth
1/2 C minced fresh onion
2 T butter
2 T fresh lemon juice
6 oz fresh shitake mushrooms, chopped
2 Sheets Frozen Puff Pastry
1 1/2 lb Alaska Wild Salmon skinless filets, cut into 4 serving portions
1 Egg beaten with 1 T water
Dijon Tarragon Sauce
2/3 C Bottled Clam Juice
1 1/4 C Whipping Cream
3 T fresh tarragon minced
1 T Dijon Mustard

Directions:
Boil wild rice and bay leaf in water for 45 minutes.  Drain.
Meanwhile, Melt butter in pan, saute mushrooms and onions until onions are soft and mushrooms release juices.
Add white rice and saute about 2 more minutes.
Add chicken broth and lemon juice, bring to boil.
Reduce heat to low, cover and simmer 20 minutes.
Mix drained wild rice with cooked rice pilaf and cool.
Butter large baking sheet.
Roll out each sheet of pastry to 12" square.
Cut each sheet into 4 squares.
Mound rice evenly onto 4 squares.
Top each rice mound with salmon.
Fold up and seal the corners of each filled square (the edges will not cover salmon)
Place the remaining 4 squares on top of each of the 4 filled squares.  Tuck corners under and pinch seams together.
Save any remaining rice for another use.
Cover and chill for 30 minutes.
Brush with egg mixture and bake at 400 for 30 minutes.
Serve with sauce.
This makes 4 large servings.  For smaller servings, cut the fish into 8 portions and fill each of 8 squares with rice and salmon.  Pull up corners of each square and pinch the seams, completely enclosing and sealing the filling. Bake for only 20 minutes.
For Sauce:
Combine whipping cream and bottled clam juice. Boil and reduce until thickend appx. 20 minutes
Stir in dijon and tarragon

Submitter: 
jalexandropoulos
Description: 
Born and raised in Alaska, I cannot imagine eating any salmon other than delicious Wild Alaskan Salmon.  This dish will highlight the magnificant flavor and texture of our salmon with onion and shitake mushroom wild rice pilaf wrapped up in golden puff pastry.  Serve with a rich, creamy dijon tarragon sauce.  A little time consuming but worth every minute.  Wow your guests!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
