URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62110100/brilliant-soft-chocolate-brownie-cookies/
Title:
Brilliant Soft Chocolate Brownie-Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 ounces semi sweet chocolate roughly chopped
4 ounces bittersweet chocolate roughly chopped
4 tablespoons unsalted butter
1 cup all-purpose flour
1 package instant vanilla pudding
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 large eggs
3/4 cup tightly packed brown sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
12 ounces semisweet chocolate chunks or chips

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Heat chopped chocolate and butter in a microwave-safe bowl in 20-second increments, stirring in between, until almost melted; do not overheat. You can vary up the chocolate that you use depending on your personal preferences. Sometimes I add milk chocolate chunks instead of semisweet.
In another bowl, whisk together flour, vanilla pudding (straight from the packet), baking powder, and salt.
In a mixing bowl, beat eggs, brown sugar, and vanilla on high speed until light and fluffy. Reduce speed to low; beat in melted chocolate. Mix in flour mixture until just combined.
Stir in chocolate chunks. Sometimes I like to use white chocolate here or caramel pieces.
Drop dough onto lightly greased baking sheet using normal flatware. Dough should be about 2" apart and will spread slightly.
Dough should be somewhat "thick" for cookies, this adds to the soft, chewy feel of the end cookie. Otherwise viewed as the brownie texture.
Bake 12 - 15 each batch until cookies look like a brownie, cracked on top but still soft in center.
Cool on sheets.
If inclined, top with some vanilla topping (powdered sugar, vanilla and a little bit of milk) This lightens the amount of chocolate flavor while adding another yummy element!

Submitter: 
Kat R
Description: 
Amazingly soft brownie like cookies. Very chocolatey but you can control the amount of chocolatey goodness by differing types and amounts of chocolate used. Very simple and guaranteed good!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
35
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
