URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62110831/fazorite-casserole/
Title:
"FAZORITE" CASSEROLE Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 T. olive oil
1 1/2 pounds lean groud beef or turkey
1 medium onion, chopped
1/2 T.(or to taste) fresh, chopped garlic
1 T. dried basil
Seasoned salt and pepper (to taste)
1 - 15.25 ounce can whole kernel sweet corn (with juice)
1 - 15 ounce can of tomato sauce
1 - 10 3/4 ounce can cream of mushroom soup
1 - 16 ounce package frozen chopped spinach
2 cups (or more) shredded mild cheese of your choice (mozzarella, jack, cheddar - any)
1 large package of egg noodles (any size)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Cook noodles per package directions.  (Do NOT overcook!)
Preheat oil in a large saucepan or skillet over medium heat.
Add onions and garlic and stir until softened.
Turn heat up to medium high and add ground beef or turkey and cook until browned.
Add can of corn (with juice), tomato sauce, soup and spinach and stir until well incorporated.
Turn off heat and add at least 1 cup of your choice of cheese and stir again.
Fold noodles into meat mixture and then pour all into a large casserole sprayed with non-stick cooking spray.
Cover all with more shredded cheese and bake for 20 minutes, or until bubbly and cheese is melted.

Submitter: 
Angela Barnes Hopkins
Description: 
Noodles, meat, cheese, corn and lot's of other good stuff -- This was my mom's recipe that I have doctored up over the years and that always gets rave reviews!  Growing up whenever mom made it, we always referred to it as our Fazorite casserole, so that's what it's been named.  It's simple to make and delicious comfort food at it's best!!!  This is guaranteed to please even the pickiest of eaters and they won't even know there's spinach in it!  At our house we call it one of the seasonings.  :-)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
