URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62115514/shrimp-and-chicken-miso-ramen/
Title:
Shrimp and Chicken Miso Ramen Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the broth:
1 pint of cold water
1 sachet dashi powder (Japanese stock). You could use 1 fish stock cube if you really can't find it.
2-2.5 tablespoons white Miso paste
To add to broth:
100g rice vermicelli noodles
2 spring onions, chopped
1 tablespoon sesame seeds
2 tablespoons soy sauce
5g Wakame (dried seaweed)
1 large chicken breast, sliced into strips
100g shrimps/prawns
1 red chilli
3 seafood sticks, sliced into strips

Directions:
Soak dried wakame seaweed in a bowl of cold water and set aside while preparing recipe. It will expand quite dramatically.
In a hot pan, sear chicken and prawns and cook through. Set aside.
In a medium/large soup pan, bring water to a boil and add sachet of dashi powder/fish stock.
Reduce heat, and add vermicelli noodles to broth.
In a bowl or cup, mix miso paste with a few spoonfuls of the hot dashi broth to form a smooth paste.
Add this back into the broth and stir well until mixed. Do not boil once miso is added - it will impair the flavour.
Simmer for 2 minutes until vermicelli is cooked. Add another 1/2 pint of hot water if necessary to keep flavour from becoming too intense.
Drain wakame.
Into broth pan, now add seasame seeds, chopped chilli, drained wakame, soy sauce, seafood sticks, chicken slices and shrimps/prawns.
Mix well.
Serve into bowls and sprinkle finely chopped spring onion over each bowl.
Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Wes
Description: 
Absolutely delicious, light, healthy Japanese-style noodles in a miso broth, with seared shrimp and chicken. 

Quick, easy and SO good, you will love. I guarantee.

Some of the ingredients might be difficult to find if you live outside a city, but it's absolutely worth going to an Asian/Japanese supermarket to find them! Also, they tend to keep well - so spend £5 ($10) on them now and you can make this lots of times.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5
Ready in:
25
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
