URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62119203/stuffed-pizza-loaves/
Title:
Stuffed Pizza Loaves Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 package Hot Roll mix
2 cups flour
1 2/3 cups water
The following should be bought in large, whole pieces:
3/4 lb. pepperoni stick
1/2 lb. salami
1/2 lb. hot capicola (or another 1/2 lb. salami, for a less spicy pizza)
1 lb. mix of mozzerella and pepper jack cheese (typically only 1/4 lb of pepper jack cheese is used, but you can vary this according to how spicy you want your pizza)
5 eggs
Marinara sauce for serving (optional)

Directions:
To make the bread dough without a bread machine: In a large bowl, combine the water, flour, roll mix, and included yeast packet to form a smooth dough. Cover with towel, and let rise in a warm place until doubled in size. (About 3 hours. For a shorter rising time, cover dough with a slightly damp cloth. Let rise in an oven preheated to 200 F that has been turned off.)
To make the bread dough with a bread machine: Follow your machine’s instructions for using the dough setting, combining the water, flour, hot roll mix, and included yeast packet. (About 1 hour and 30 minutes.)
Meanwhile, cut the meats into large chunks. Working in batches, grind the meats in a food processor at high speed until the meat resembles very coarse bread crumbs (10-15s for the pepperoni and salami, 5-8s for the hot capicola.) Combine meats and cheeses in a large bowl.
Separate one of the eggs. Reserve yolk. Stir the egg white and remaining eggs into the meat mixture until uniform. Cover and refrigerate until dough is done rising.
After the dough has doubled in size, preheat the oven to 350 F.  Coat two cookie sheets with cooking spray (and your hands, if you wish.) Punch down the dough, and divide between the cookie sheets. Gently stretch the dough to cover the entire sheet, without tearing it. You will have to do this in several steps (2 to 4 stretchings,) letting the dough rest for several minutes between each. It is best to start on one sheet, then let it rest as you work on the second.
Divide the meat mixture into two, and spoon half down the long middle of each dough sheet. Pat the mixture into a loaf shape, leaving 3-4 inches of dough on either side of the loaf and an inch on the ends.
Starting on one side of the dough, cut short diagonal strips about 1 1/2 inch wide. (These run up and in from the bottom corner, towards the meat loaf. There should be about 6-8 strips on one side.) Repeat 3 times for each side of each sheet.
Turn the sheets so the diagonals are running up and outward, away from you. Fold the bottom inch of dough up over the loaf, pressing the first strips into the ones above them. Starting from the bottom, stretch each strip across the loaf, and press the end into next strip up and over (diagonal from where you started) making a criss-cross/braided pattern. Tuck or roll the top ends inward, pinching so they stay. Repeat for the second pizza.
Carefully slide one pizza over to the side of its tray, and transfer the second pizza next to the first pizza. Brush the tops evenly with the egg yolk.
Bake in the preheated oven for an hour, until crust is golden brown and juices are bubbling through. Let cool slightly (about 15 minutes.) Cut into 1 inch slices. Serve with marinara sauce if desired.

Submitter: 
Melissa Fritz
Description: 
This impressive-looking and delicious twist on pizza makes a great party food or appetizer, but my mother and I have made it for dinner, too! Combines a blend of spicy meats and cheeses inside a crunchy, yet soft bread crust. Makes great leftovers, and freezes well once baked.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h 30
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
30
Nutritional Facts:
NA
