URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62119267/perfect-and-healthy-gingerbread-cookies/
Title:
Perfect (and Healthy!) Gingerbread Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup white sugar
1 cup packed brown sugar
1 cup molasses
¾ c. applesauce
2 tablespoons melted butter
2 tablespoons canola oil
½ cup cold water
¼ c. eggbeaters
1 teaspoon vanilla
6-8 cups all-purpose flour
1 ½ teaspoon baking soda
½ teaspoon baking powder
1teaspoon  salt
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
½  teaspoon ground allspice
½  teaspoon ground cloves
2 pinches nutmeg
1 ½  teaspoons ground ginger
1/2 tablespoon cinnamon
1/2 tablespoon sugar, if desired

Directions:
In a large bowl, mix together the sugars, molasses, applesauce, butter, canola oil, and water until smooth. Stir in eggbeaters and vanilla. Combine the 6 cups flour, baking soda, baking powder, salt, cinnamon, allspice, cloves, nutmeg and ginger; stir into the batter to make soft, thick, not-very-sticky dough. Add more flour if needed. Add more salt, sugar or spices to taste. Cover the bowl and refrigerate dough for at least 30 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Roll out the dough to ¼-½ inch thickness on a VERY floured surface. Cut into desired shapes using cookie cutters. Place cookies onto lightly greased baking sheets. Sprinkle with cinnomon and sugar.
Bake for 9-11 minutes in the preheated oven, until tops are just barely browning, and bottoms are slightly darker than tops. Cookies should still be pretty soft and should be removed from pans immediately. After 10 minutes of cooling, they should be hard, like typical gingerbread cookies, but still slightly bendable, and soft on the inside

Submitter: 
BallerinaBaker
Description: 
Not-too-soft, not-too-hard, not-too-spicy, not-too-bland...not to mention healthy! These are the absolute PERFECT gingerbread cookies for everyone and anyone at the holidays-You will get rave reviews from kids, dieters, parents, and traditionalists alike. Note: This is a very mallable recipe; you don't need to folow it precicely. Feel free to add or reduce things as you wish, depending on your taste, as long as the dough looks and feels about right.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
