URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62118515/leftover-turkey-noodle-soup/
Title:
Leftover Turkey & Noodle Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
leftover turkey bones
leftover turkey meat
leftover gravy
6-9 chicken bouillon cubes (depending on size of turkey)
2-3 cups half & half
2-3 cups shaved or matchstick carrots
3 cups celery
2 packages sliced mushrooms
almonds (optional)
5 medium yellow onions, chopped and diced
2-3 bags of Reemes or Aunt Vi's frozen egg noodles

Directions:
depending on the size of your leftover turkey bones...the bones and leftover meat should be placed in a large pot big enough to cover with water.  The water level should be about 4-7 inches above all of the leftover meat and bones.  Boil for about 4 hours.  I like to boil mine on medium for a whole day to get absolutely everything off of the bones but 4 hours on a rumbling boil should still work.
After about 2 hours of boiling just the water and bones, stir in approx 2-3 cups of your yellow onions, or half the amount you have chopped.  The onions will completely melt into the broth.
Strain out all of the bones and set aside to cool down.
Now your broth should have a creamed coffee color to it, as much of the juice from the bones & the onions should be melted into your broth.
Now that the bones are strained out, bring the broth back to a medium boil and begin to add in your carrots, celery, onions, bouillon cubes and mushrooms.  Boil for about another hour.
During this hour, take your cooled off bones and pick off any remaining meat pieces that did not fall off the bones.  Make sure no bones are left in the meat and toss the meat back into the boil.
After your broth has been boiling for about an hour (or until the celery & carrots are cooked), bring the boil down to a low boil and slowly add in 2-3 cups of half & half, just depending on how creamy you like your soups!
Add in your frozen noodles (again, just depending on how much broth you have) and boil for about another 20 minutes on low, making sure the bottom does not burn.
Slowly add in any starch or flour you wish to make the soup a bit more thick.
Serve with almonds sprinkled on top or just alone and enjoy!
*FYI - the longer you boil your bones in the beginning, the better your broth will be.  So take your time, this is not a fast paced soup making process!  This is to relax the few days after Thanksgiving.  This is something I almost always serve the Sunday after Thanksgiving because that's how long I boil the bones and I have had at least 15 requests for recipe copies but the secret is just to boil the bones for as long as you can!!!

Submitter: 
momscaasi
Description: 
This is a mid-creamy vs. brothy noodle soup, designed to utilize many of your leftovers from Thanksgiving Day.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
