URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62113722/dominican-red-beans-and-rice/
Title:
Dominican Red Beans and Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 - 12 oz. package of dried red beans
2 1/2 cups of uncooked white rice
2 quarts of water
1 large white onion, diced
4-6 cloves of garlic, minced
1 diced green bell pepper
1/2 bunch of cilantro leaves, chopped
1 teaspoon fresh oregano
2 ounces olive oil
2 chicken bullion cubes
2 tablespoons tomato paste
1 teaspoon white vinegar
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Wash the beans and let soak overnight.
Place the beans in a large pot with the water and bring to a boil.
Lower temperature to a simmer and cook until the beans are tender. (about 1 to 1 1/2 hours)  Add more water if needed to complete the cooking, but take care not to add too much as this liquid will be used later in the recipe.
Drain beans.  Save this liquid for later use.
Heat olive oil in a pan that is deep wnough to cook the rice.  Saute onion, garlic and green pepper for a few minutes and then add the tomato paste and saute for two more minutes.
Add the cooked , drained beans.  Continue sauteing for one more minute.
Add bullion cubes, vinegar and 2 cups of the cooking liquid.  Cook well for about five more minutes.
Measure the remaining bean liquid.  You will need 2 1/2 cups more to complete the recipe.  If you are short, you can substitute the rest with water.
Add liquid and rice to the pot.
Follow with oregano and cilantro, mixing well.
Cook uncovered on medium high heat until almost all of the liquid is absorbed.
Turn down heat to low, cover pot tightly and cook until rice is tender.  (about 20 minutes more)
Turn off the heat and let sit for five minutes.
Uncover and serve hot.

Submitter: 
Lana
Description: 
This is a traditional dish eaten in The DOminican Republic.  Also known as Moro de Habichuelas Rojas.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
12 h
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
