URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62111935/tuscan-steak-and-ravioli/
Title:
Tuscan Steak and Ravioli Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 medium size ribeye steaks
1/4 cup soy sauce
1/2 cup balsamic vinegar
1/4 cup sugar
2 tablespoons prepared pesto sauce
4 entree size portions of spinach and cheese ravioli(about 8-10 pieces)
juice of 1/2 lemon
1 tomato, seeded and finely chopped
4 tablespoons butter
1 tablespoon chopped garlic
1/2 cup dry white wine
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Place steaks side by side in a dish large enough for marinating. Pour soy sauce over steaks and then top with 1 tablespoon each of the pesto sauce. Let stand for at least 30 minutes covered at room temperature.
Meanwhile, prepare balsamic glaze by bringing vinegar and sugar in a saucepan to a low simmer. Keep on low while you cook the rest of the meal. This should get thick after awhile. Taste to make sure it is not to bitter. Add more sugar if needed.
Melt butter in a different saucepan and then add garlic, lemon juice and white wine. Bring to a simmer. You can thicken with cornstarch or flour if desired.
Prepare ravioli according to directions. While ravioli is cooking, grill the steaks to your desired doneness and let rest for 5 minutes. Drain ravioli. Put on serving platter and scatter chopped tomatoes over top. Pour garlic wine sauce over ravioli. Slice steaks against the grain and place on top of the ravioli. Drizzle balsamic glaze over the top of the steak (Very sparingly) and serve extra glaze on the side as desired.

Submitter: 
Challengergurl
Description: 
Tender grilled ribeye steak marinated in a pesto sauce served over cheese ravioli in a lemon butter garlic sauce.
The flavors in this dish are undescribable! After I made this my husband wanted to know when I was going to be able to make it again! This is so easy to prepare. I use spinach/cheese ravioli but this would be just as good with mushroom or plain cheese ravioli.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
