URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62113803/chicken-enchilada-de-nuevo-mexico/
Title:
Chicken Enchilada de Nuevo Mexico Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Red Enchilada Sauce (See recipe below or use your favorite red enchilada sauce)
3 Cooked chicken breasts shredded - I like mine grilled, but any cooked chicken is fine
1 med Onion chopped finely to taste
1-2 bags shredded Cheddar Cheese (depending on how much you like)
12 corn tortillas
oil for frying tortillas
Sour Cream
In a pan, start red enchilada sauce – I like a mix by Los Chileros de Nuevo Mexico – but you can use:
¾ cup dried New Mexico Red Chile ground up
¼  medium finely minced onion
2 or 3 cloves finely minced garlic
2 TBS Olive Oil
Salt to taste
1 tsp Oregano (optional)
4 cups Chicken Broth

Directions:
For Enchilada Sauce, cook onion, oregano and garlic in Oil till tender, add Red Chile powder and Chicken Broth.  Let cook uncovered at a low to med heat setting for about 1 hour.  You need time for the red chile to lose its graininess and for flavors to meld.
In a frying pan add oil to fry tortillas.  Briefly fry corn tortillas to soften them, then set on a paper towel to drain.
On a Individual Plate:
Begin the layering.
Start with Red Sauce on the plate about a large cooking spoonful.
Next One Tortilla
A nice layer of shredded Chicken
Another spoonful of Red Sauce
A sprinkling of Onion
Shredded Cheese.
Next One Tortilla
A nice layer of shredded Chicken
Another spoonful of Red Sauce
A sprinkling of Onion
Shredded Cheese.
One Last Tortilla
Red Sauce, then Cheese, and a little more Onion on Top.
Preheat oven at 375 degrees.  Place plate in oven for 20 minutes until it is a bubbly and oozy.  Plates are very very hot, serve directly from oven.  Serve with Sour Cream.  I do about 4 plates at a time.

Submitter: 
Dan'ish
Description: 
These are flat enchiladas made in individual servings.  They look good enough for company and taste great.  Can be served with rice, beans or calabacitas.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
