URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62113568/rolled-fondant/
Title:
Rolled Fondant Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 stick salted, sweet butter (room temperature)
2/3 cup sweetened condensed milk
1/2 teaspoon almond extract
5 cups 10x powdered sugar
food coloring

Directions:
In a large mixing bowl, with a hand mixer, beat until soft and smooth: 1 stick salted sweet butter (at room temperature), 2/3 cup sweetened condensed milk and 1/2 teaspoon almond extract
Add by sifting 3 cups 10x powdered sugar
Beat with hand mixer on medium speed until it forms smooth thick peaks (add food coloring at this time - remember that the color will lighten slightly as you follow the next step.)
Add by sifting 2 cups 10x powdered sugar
Incorporate by hand until almost all of the powdered sugar is in the dough ball
Turn out the contents of the bowl on a hard smooth surface and knead by hand until the color is consistent, not streaky and the fondant is smooth.
Place the ball of fondant onto a sheet of wax paper the size needed to cover the cake.
Lightly powder a rolling pin to roll the fondant 1/8 inch thickness to edges of wax paper.  Trim all excess edges and use this for your special decoration purposes.
Place another sheet of wax paper on top of the fondant and roll the fondant on to the rolling pin. Lift it to the edge of your cake and reverse roll the fondant onto the cake and peel the wax paper off.
Keeping a light coating of powdered sugar on your rolling pin, if you want to "finish" the wrapped cake, lightly roll the fondant on all sides of the cake, NO PRESSURE, just lightly roll. Also make sure there is no build up on your rolling pin as it will leave indentions in your fondant.
If not using the fondant right away, you may need to add 1/2 teaspoon of room temperature water and knead again before rolling to avoid over drying and cracking when placing it on and off the rolling pin.

Submitter: 
MommyDiva
Description: 
Quick, uncooked, foolproof and delicious, rolled fondant. I had to make 2 batches, the kids ate one and another one to decorate the cake.  This recipe provides enough fondant to cover the cake and for special touches / decorations.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
15
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
