URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62115549/bechamel-lasagna/
Title:
Béchamel Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Meat Sauce:
1 pound lean ground sirloin
½ pound sweet Italian sausage
1 cup chopped onion
2 tablespoons minced garlic
1 cup Chardonnay wine
1 tablespoon sugar
3 tablespoons tomato paste
1 (15oz.) can crushed tomatoes in purée
¼ cup chopped fresh parsley
½ teaspoon crushed red pepper
Béchamel Sauce:
¼ cup butter
¼ cup all-purpose flour
½ teaspoon crushed sea salt
½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
½ teaspoon nutmeg
1 ½ cups 2% milk
1 ½ cups ½ & ½
1 box regular lasagna noodles
4 cups shredded Cheddar cheese
1 cup shredded Mozzarella cheese

Directions:
For the meat sauce, brown the ground sirloin and sausage in a large sauce pot over medium-high heat for about ten minutes, breaking the meat up into little pieces. Add the onion and garlic and sauté for five minutes. Add wine and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and cook until wine is nearly evaporated. Stir in tomato paste, parsley crushed red pepper, crushed tomatoes and sugar. Bring to a simmer; reduce heat. Simmer 10 to 15 minutes or until sauce thickens.
For the Béchamel sauce, melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in flour, salt, pepper and nutmeg. Cook and stir for one minute. Gradually whisk in milk and ½ & ½ Cook, whisking frequently, for about ten minutes or until the sauce is thick and bubbly.
Bring lightly salted & oiled water to a boil in a large sauce pot over high heat. Place no more than four lasagna noodles in at a time. Boil for five minutes. Using tongs, remove lasagna noodles to a colander; let drain and lay flat on a plate.
Grease a deep 9x13 baking pan with baking spray.
Preheat oven to 400°F.
Spread a thin layer (1/4 cup) of the meat sauce on the bottom of the deep 9x13 baking pan. Place four sheets of lasagna lengthwise, slightly overlapping the sheets. Top with the meat sauce (spread to cover all lasagna noodles), Béchamel sauce and Cheddar cheese. Repeat with noodles, meat sauce, Béchamel sauce, Cheddar cheese, lasagna noodles and any sauces left. Cover with the rest of the Cheddar cheese and the Mozzarella cheese.
Bake for 35 to 40 minutes with a loosely covered tent of foil. Remove foil for the last ten minutes of baking. Let stand for 30 minutes before cutting.

Submitter: 
Sarah Johnson
Description: 
This lasagna uses a rich Béchamel sauce and a meat sauce along with Cheddar cheese and Mozzarella that gives it a wonderfully creamy texture and a great taste. Your friends, family and company will be asking for leftovers to take home...if there are any!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
65 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
