URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62114843/cajun-style-meatloaf/
Title:
Cajun-Style Meatloaf Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Cajun Sauce:
3/4 cup chopped onions
½ cup chopped red bell peppers
1/4 cup chopped celery
1/4 cup vegetable oil
1/4 cup and 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour
3/4 teaspoon ground red pepper(cayenne preferred)
½ teaspoon white pepper
½ teaspoon black pepper
2 bay leaves
1/4 cup minced jalapeno peppers
1 teaspoon minced garlic
3 cups Beef Broth
Seasoning Mix:
2 whole bay leaves
1 tablespoon salt
1 teaspoon ground red pepper(preferably cayenne)
1 teaspoon black pepper
½ teaspoon ground cumin
½ teaspoon ground nutmeg
4 tablespoons unsalted butter
3/4 cup finely chopped onions
½ cup finely chopped celery
½ cup finely chopped yellow bell peppers
1/4 cup finely chopped green onions
2 teaspoons minced garlic
1 tablespoon Tabasco or hot sauce
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
½ cup evaporated milk
½ cup catsup
1 ½ lbs ground beef
½ lbs ground pork
2 eggs, lightly beaten
1 cup very fine bread crumbs

Directions:
Sauce:
Combine the onions, bell peppers, and celery in a small bowl and set aside while you start the sauce. In a heavy 2 quart saucepan heat oil over low-medium heat to about 250 degrees F. With a metal whisk, Whisk in the flour a little at a time until smooth. Continue cooking, until mixture is light brown(approx. 2-3 minutes). Be careful not to let sauce scorch. Remove from heat, immediately mix in vegetable mixture and black, white, red peppers. Return pan to high heat (approx. 2 minutes)stir constantly. When mixture becomes pasty remove from heat.
In a separate 2-quart saucepan, bring broth to a boil. Add the sauce mixture by spoonfuls to boiling stock, stirring until dissolved between each addition. Bring mixture to a boil then reduce heat to simmer(approx. 15 minutes). Skim oil off the top.
Meat Loaf:
Combine seasoning mix ingredients in a small bowl and set aside.
Melt the butter in a 1-quart saucepan over medium heat. add the onions, celery, bell peppers, green onions, garlic, Tabasco, Worcestershire, and seasoning mix. Saute' until mixture starts sticking excessively(approx. 6 minutes), stirring occasionally, and scraping the bottom of pan well. Stir in milk and catsup. Continue cooking for 2 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat and allow to cool at room temperature.
Place ground beef and pork in an ungreased 13X9-inch baking pan. Add the eggs, the uncooked vegetable mixture, removing the bay leaves, and the bread crumbs. Mix by hand until thoroughly combined. In the center of the pan, shape the mixture into a loaf that is 1 ½ inches high, 6 inches wide and 12 inches long. Bake uncovered at 350 degrees F for 25 minutes, then raise the heat to 400 degrees F and continue cooking until done(approx. 35 minutes longer). Serve with Cajun Sauce.

Submitter: 
EL~LOCO~FOODS
Description: 
Old style meatloaf with a Cajun twist.
This is best using both ground pork and ground beef, as the pork gives more flavor diversity. However, you can make it with ground beef only or substitute with ground turkey.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
