URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62116335/pumpkin-tarts/
Title:
Pumpkin Tarts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
TART PASTRY:
12 oz cream cheese
1 lb. Butter or margarine, softened
4 Tbls sugar
4 cups flour
FILLING:
12 oz cream cheese
1 cup brown sugar
1 tsp pumpkin pie spice
1 ½ tsp cinnamon
½ tsp salt
3 eggs
2 cups solid pack pumpkin
13 oz can evaporated milk
1 tsp vanilla
TOPPING:
½ cup butter
½ cup shortening
8 ozs cream cheese, softened
1 lb confectioners’ sugar
7 oz jar of marshmallow crème
pecans or walnuts finely chopped

Directions:
PASTRY DOUGH:
Cream butter cream cheese and sugar together.
Add flour a little at a time until well blended.
Divide mixture into four balls.  Keep refrigerated while working.
Divide each ball into two.
Form into 1 inch balls.  (each ball of dough should make 12.
Place into miniature muffin tin and press dough down and up the side to form shells.
FILLING:
Cream together in order:  Cream cheese, brown sugar, pumpkin pie spice, cinnamon and salt.
Add unbeaten eggs, one at a time until incorporated then add pumpkin, evaporated milk and vanilla.
Fill prepared pastry cups almost full. (I used a plastic 2 cup measuring cup to fill the shells)
Bake at 350 for 25-30 minutes.  (Check tart to see if crust is lightly browned. I used a toothpick to pop one out to check the color.)
Cool completely before frosting
TOPPING:
Cream together butter and shortening.
Add cream cheese, confectioners sugar and marshmallow crème.  Cream well.
Frost cooled tarts.  You can either use a spoon or pipe onto tart using a pastry bag.
Sprinkle with chopped nuts.
Keep refrigerated until ready to serve so frosting does not get too soft.

Submitter: 
Cookie Queen
Description: 
Recently, I was asked to bake for a wedding and asked if I could make this cookie.  I was so excited when I realized this was a recipe I had been looking for, but had never found. I was thrilled at how awesome they tasted when you bite into them.  How could they not taste good with all that cream cheese?? When she came to pick up the cookies she ate 4 before she ever left my house.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
90 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
48
Nutritional Facts:
NA
