URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62114823/caribbean-potato-curry/
Title:
Caribbean Potato Curry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/4 cup olive oil
1/2 tsp turmeric
1/2 tsp curry powder
1 tsp cumin
1/2 tsp ground allspice
1 TBSP ground fresh ginger
1 small onion, chopped
4 cloves garlic, minced
2 medium sized potatoes, cubed into small pieces
1/2 cup red bell pepper, chopped
1/2 cup broccoli, chopped small
1 cup bok choy, chopped
1 cup water
1 plantain, sliced into rounds (optional, but a must if you like them)
salt to taste
**To choose a good plantain, make sure the outer skin is brownish to almost dark all over. Squeeze it gently so that it feels soft but not squishy.

Directions:
Mix your spices in a small bowl and set aside. In a skillet, heat the oil over medium/low heat. Add your spices and ginger, frequently stirring for 5 minutes as to make sure you don't burn the spices. Add onion and garlic and cook for 1-2 minutes. You may have to turn down the heat a little bit so that the garlic doesn't burn. Add the potatoes, stirring for 1-2 minutes. Add red bell pepper, broccoli, bok choy and plantains. Depending on the size of your skillet, add the water so that it fills approx 1/2 the skillet. Cover and simmer for 20-25 minutes or until potatoes are tender. Taste for salt. Add a little more water if necessary.
Options: you can serve by itself, over rice or on my Flat Beard recipe below, which is usually how I fix it.
FLAT BREAD:
3 cups all-purpose flour
2 TBSP olive oil
1 cup warm water
1 (1/4 oz) packet of highly active yeast (An alternative to using yeast is to use Self-Rising Flour instead of All-Purpose Flour and your bread will come out the same)
Extra flour for dusting
Directions:
In a bowl add all the ingredients then add water. Mix with your hands and knead dough for 5 min to the point that dough is not sticking to your hands(dust with flour if necessary). Place dough back in the bowl and cover. Place in a draft-free area for 15 minutes to allow rising. Then take dough and knead for an additional 3 minutes. Divide your dough into small balls. On a dusted cutting board, take each ball and flatten out with a rolling pin (approx. the size of a pita bread).
In a small bowl add 1/3 cup of olive oil and set aside.
Using a hot griddle or skillet if you don't have a griddle, set over low heat(not simmer), brush a coat of olive oil on skillet or griddle. Place your flatten dough on it and brush the top side of your bread with more olive oil and turn over immediately after that. Cook for approx. 1 min. then turn over and cook another minute. Your bread should come out soft not hard.
**Optional**
The olive oil that I use to coat my bread with while cooking, I like to mix in 1 tsp of turmeric and 1 tsp. of seasoned salt. It gives it a great flavor.

Submitter: 
Maya
Description: 
If you're bored with the same ol' vegetarian dishes, this recipe will wake your taste buds and make you feel like you're in the Caribbean Islands. For those of you who love plantains, this is the perfect addition to your recipe collection. Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
40-45 minu
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
