URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62111374/ratatouille/
Title:
Ratatouille Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
½ C. olive oil, divided
1   large Vidalia onion, coarsely chopped
2   cloves garlic, chopped
½ yellow bell pepper, chopped (optional)
5   small oriental eggplant, peeled and cubed
2   medium golden zucchini, cubed
2   tomatoes (in season), coarsely chopped
½ tsp. Italian seasoning
½ tsp. ground fennel
2   tsp. sea salt, divided
½ tsp. fresh ground pepper
dash Tabasco
1/3 cup chopped mixed fresh basil and Italian flat leaf parsley.

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375F.
Add ¼ cup olive oil to large sauté pan and heat over medium low heat. Add onion and sauté for 3 minutes with ¼ tsp. salt. Add chopped garlic, pepper (if using)and sauté while stirring an additional 3-5 minutes making sure garlic does not color. Put this mixture in a 2 1/2 qt. ceramic or glass baking dish. Add additional ¼ cup olive oil to pan and add eggplant and ¼ tsp. salt.  Sauté while stirring for 5-7 minutes over medium low heat. Eggplant may stick but add just a few drops of water to control. When done add eggplant to baking pan. Add zucchini to pan along with another ¼ tsp. salt and sauté for 4 minutes and add tomatoes. Raise heat to medium and add Italian seasoning, fennel, remaining salt, pepper and Tabasco. Continue cooking and stirring for 3-4 minutes until tomatoes are giving up their juices. Add this mixture to baking pan. Stir and fold mixture in pan until everything is well combined. Place baking pan in 375f. oven and lay a sheet of foil loosely over the top. Bake for 30 minutes with foil. Remove foil and bake for another 15 minutes uncovered. Remove from oven and let cool slightly. Fold in chopped fresh herbs.

Submitter: 
KC
Description: 
This is a wonderful French vegetable stew which is heavy with eggplant and finished with a generous dose of fresh chopped herbs. It freezes well so your garden bounty can be savored in the fall and winter. It's yummy hot, cold or at room temperature. Very healthful and low in calories too!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
