URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62115149/duck-confit/
Title:
Duck Confit Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 Peking duck legs
2 cups rendered duck fat
1 tablespoon whole allspice
1 tablespoon juniper berries
1 lemon
3 cloves garlic
2 sprigs fresh thyme
diamond kosher salt (22 grams per pound of duck)

Directions:
Salt both sides of the duck legs and place them in a zip lock bag. Zest the lemon then slice the lemon into 1/2" circles. Add this to the plastic bag. Crush the garlic under the palm of your hand, remove the skin and add it to the bag along with all other aromatics. Seal the bag, removing as much air as possible. Massage the duck legs through the bag until all of the ingredients are well dispersed. Place back in the refrigerator and allow the duck to marinate for 24 hours.
Remove the duck legs and the aromatics from the plastic bag and separate them. Wash the duck legs off then dry with a paper towel.
Place your aromatics in the bottom of an oven safe dish (preferably enameled cast iron). Place the duck legs skin side down on top of the aromatics.
Heat your rendered duck fat on a low heat until it has liquefied. Poor the duck fat over top of the duck legs and aromatics until the legs are almost covered. If you do not have enough fat then you can top off with olive oil. As the legs cook more fat will be rendered form the skin.
Place your dish with the lid on in a 190 degree oven for 6-7 hours. The duck will be done when the meat has pulled away from the knuckle and can be removed easily from the bone.
Remove the duck from the fat. Now you can either store the whole duck legs with bone or remove the meat from the bone. Either way, place the duck in a seal-able container, leaving  room at the top.
Strain your fat of all of the aromatics. Poor strained fat into your seal-able jar, covering the duck. Seal the jar and allow it to cool to room temperature. After the jar has cooled, place in the refrigerator and let the duck meat cure for 2-3 months.
Before eating, remove the duck meat from the fat and fry it until slightly crispy.

Submitter: 
Bryce Gifford
Description: 
This is a classic French recipe that is easy to make and easy to scale. It makes a great gift for friends and family.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
24 h
Ready in:
2-3 months
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
