URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62110111/magpies-chicken-jardiniere-on-the-cheap/
Title:
Magpie's Chicken  Jardiniere On the Cheap Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1-1/4 lb boneless, skinless chicken breasts (about 3 - 4)
Salt and pepper to taste
1/4 c flour
1 - 14.5 oz can "Italian style" diced tomatoes with oregano and basil, drained, reserving liquid
1 - 13 oz can sliced mushrooms, drained, reserving liquid OR 8 oz. fresh sliced mushrooms*
3 TB olive oil, divided
2 TB transfat-free margarine, divided
1/2 medium onion, sliced
3/4 c packed frozen chopped spinach OR 1 c chopped fresh spinach
1 tsp low-sodium chicken bouillon
* also use 1/2 c water, if using fresh mushrooms

Directions:
Rinse chicken breasts and dry with paper towel.  Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Heat 1 TB olive oil and 2 TB margarine over medium-high heat in nonstick skillet until foam has subsided.  Put flour in plastic bag and one by one, shake seasoned breasts in flour.
Saute seasoned, floured breasts in pan until golden.  Remove them from pan, put them on a heatproof platter and place them in 200 degree F oven to keep warm.
Measure reserved juices from tomatoes and mushrooms, unless you're using fresh.  You should have 1 cup of liquid.  If you don't, top off liquid to 1 cup.  Add chicken bouillon and set aside.
Meanwhile, heat remaining olive oil and margarine over medium heat, scraping up any browned bits that might remain from the chicken.  Clarify onions in this -- don't let them brown, just cook them until they're tender and clear.
Add tomatoes, mushrooms and reserved liquid.  Cook for about 7 - 10 minutes, reducing liquid by half.  Add spinach and continue to cook another 2 - 4 minutes.  Remove from heat.
Retrieve breasts from oven and pour the sauce over the top. Serve -- and enjoy -- immediately!

Submitter: 
The Magpie
Description: 
A thrifty version of Shannon's Chicken Marsala Florentine, this one is lower in calories without sacrificing flavor.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
