URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62113187/garden-tomato-spaghetti-sauce/
Title:
Garden Tomato Spaghetti Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/584980.jpg
Ingredients:
8 quarts chopped Garden Tomatoes
2 tbsp Olive Oil
2 Bay Leaves
1 medium yellow Onion
1/2 cup Olive Oil
2 tsp crushed Garlic
1 tsp Black Pepper
1 cup sliced Mushrooms
1/4 cup Burgundy Red Wine
1 tbsp Oregano
2 tsp Parsley
2 tsp Salt
1 tsp Basil
6 tbsp Lemon Juice (if canning)

Directions:
Skin and seed tomatoes (skip this step if you have a food mill).
Cut tomatoes into quarters and put them into a large non-stick pot with 2 tbsp of Olive Oil and 2 bay leaves (you may divide mixture into two 4-1/2 qt. pots to reduce cooking time).
Cook tomatoes on medium-high heat until pot(s) are half as full as when you started -- about 3 to 4 hours.  Stir occasionally.
Run tomato sauce through a food mill to remove skin, seeds and bay leaves.  Set aside tomato sauce.  Discard food mill contents.
Dice onion and put in a large pot with 1/2 cup olive oil, crushed garlic and black pepper.  Sauté until onions are tender -- about 5 minutes.
Add tomatoes to the onion mixture.  Reduce heat.
Add oregano, parsley, basil, salt, red wine and sliced mushrooms.  Stir and let simmer 30 minutes to let flavors blend.  This is a good time to taste the sauce and adjust spices, if desired.
If canning the sauce, prepare 6 pint jars according to canning instructions.  Add 1 tablespoon lemon juice to each jar before adding sauce.  Seal the jars according to your canning equipment manual.

Submitter: 
Erin
Description: 
Great use of your garden tomatoes and ideal for canning.  I came up with this recipe after trying all kinds of other sauce recipes that came out too watery.  This sauce is thick and hearty without needing to add flour or store bought tomato paste.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
4 h
Ready in:
5 h
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
