URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62118521/serano-chocolate-cake/
Title:
Serano chocolate cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
for the base:
125 gr. self raising flour
20 gr. cocoa powder
5 eggs
125 gr. sugar
for the syrup:
150 gr. sugar
for the Italian meringue:
20 gr. water
180 gr. sugar
3 egg whites(90gr.)
for the creme:
180 gr. dark chocolate bar(55% cocoa)
The Italian meringue
80 gr. fresh cream 35%fat
400 gr. whipped fresh cream 35%fat (thick like yogurt)

Directions:
Base: sieve the cocoa with the flour. Put the eggs with the sugar in the mixer and mix until they become frothy. Preheat the oven at 180C.
Add the cocoa and flour mixture and mix with a plastic spatula.
Empty the mixture in a buttered round pan (24cm diameter) and bake for 25-30 min. Check if it is baked by putting a knife through the middle and see if raw mixture comes out.It is better to have the base ready from the day before so it can be cut easier.
Syrup: Boil the water with the sugar and let it cool.
Italian meringue: Boil the water with the sugar until its temperature reaches 121-122C (you can measure it with a special thermometer but if you don't have one you can check the temperature by pouring some of the syrup in to a glass of water and see if it becomes a thread.
Beat the egg whites with the mixer in a slow speed until they become a meringue. I prefer using metal mixing forks.
When it is ready pour the syrup slowly while still beating the meringue.
Continue beating until it becomes thick.Cream: melt the chocolate bar in Ben Mari (put it in a pan on a metal bowl which you then put in a larger pan with boiling water) and if you have a thermometer try to keep it at 50C which is just warm.
Mix the chocolate VERY gently with the meringue with a plastic or wooden spatula. NEVER use a metal one because it will destroy it.
Add the 80 gr. fresh cream and keep mixing gently until it blends.
Last, add the whipped cream again slowly and with just a few movements until all the ingredients are one.
Putting it together: Cut the base in two disks(in the middle)in a round base or a plate put the one disk and wet it with half the syrup. It is important that the syrup goes everywhere otherwise the cake will be dry. Then cover it with 1/3 of the cream. Put the next disk on top of that and make it wet with the rest of the syrup.
Cover it with another 1/3 of the cream on the top as well as the side. Use the rest of the cream to decorate!
Note:
For better results with the meringue the eggs should be a bit old, at least 4-5 days, they should be separated at least a day before you make the meringue and the mixing bowl and forks should be perfectly clean specially from any traces of fat because any foreign ingredient will destroy the meringue. For better results with the whipped cream try putting the mixing bowl and forks as well as the fresh cream it self in the freezer before a few minutes before using them.

Submitter: 
mariannaGR
Description: 
Very chocolaty chocolate cake made from scratch! Perfect for kids birthday parties and it is good they learn to appreciate the taste of real chocolate and real whipped cream!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
14
Nutritional Facts:
NA
