URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62118621/two-bean-tortilla-casserole/
Title:
Two Bean Tortilla Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1  (15 ounce) can black beans, drained and rinsed
1/2  (15 ounce) can pinto beans, drained
1 (15 ounce) can diced tomatoes with green chillies
3/4 cup frozen corn
1/2 cup diced onion (can use frozen for convenience)
1/3 cup diced red pepper
1 Tbsp olive oil
2 Tbsps chopped fresh cilantro
1/4 tsp cumin
3 cups grated Monterey Jack cheese (use packaged grated cheese if short on time)
6 small corn tortillas (can used more if you want)
Fresh salsa ingredients:
2 tomatoes, seeded and diced
4 green onions chopped
2-3 Tbsps chopped fresh cilantro
Toppings:
Low Fat sour cream
sliced avocado
shredded lettuce (optional)
sliced black olives (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 F.
1. In frypan,  saute diced onion and red pepper in olive oil over medium heat until onion is transparent.
2.  Add can of diced tomatoes with chillies, corn and chopped cilantro. Stir and simmer for several minutes.
3.  Add the can of black beans, 1/2 can of pinto beans, stir well and bring back to simmer for several minutes until throughly heated through.
4.  Spray an 8x8 baking dish with cooking spray, or grease lightly with oil.  Place 3 tortillas in bottom of dish.  Tear if necessary to fit and cover the bottom.  Spread 1 cup of the grated cheese on the tortillas and then spoon 1/2 of the bean and tomato mixture on top of cheese and spread evenly.
5. Layer the last 3 tortillas on top and spread another cup of grated cheese over them.  Spoon the remainder of the bean mixture on top.  Cover with lid or tightly wrapped foil.  Bae at 350 F for 30 minutes.  Remove from oven and sprinkle the last cup of cheese on top and bake 5 more minutes uncovered.
6. Take out of oven and serve with freshly made salsa (see ingredients above), sour cream and avocado slices, and if desired, shredded lettuce and sliced black olives.  Enjoy!

Submitter: 
In-a-Pickle
Description: 
An easy, tasty, meatless recipe I made up one night for a vegetarian-leaning child in our family.  My meat-loving husband also enjoyed it.  The homemade salsa with fresh ingredients, along with the other optional toppings really made it. If you like it hotter, add your favourite hot sauce or chili flakes, or add jalapenos to your salsa.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min.
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
