URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62110286/pastel-de-choclo/
Title:
Pastel de Choclo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
-For the Pino:
2 or 3 onions
2.5 pounds ground beef
2 stock cubes
Cumin (paprika is also acceptable), oil, salt and pepper
-For the Pastelera:
8 pounds (4 big bags) of Corn Kernels
4 cups of milk (one litre)
Sugar
-For the rest of it:
2 skinless, boneless chicken breasts
2 boiled eggs
Pitted Olives
Raisins

Directions:
First, you must make the Pino. Chop the onions into little squares and brown them in a big pan with oil.
Then, add the ground beef and stir so that the meat doesn't stick together in balls. Remember it must be ground.
Dissolve the stock cubes in 1/2 cup of hot water and add.
When it's cooked, add the cumin (or paprika), the salt and pepper to taste.
Next, the Pastelera. The first thing to remember is that the kernels musn't be frozen or else they won't grind. (Some minutes in the microwave may help if they are too frozen). In a blender, put some milk and all the kernels it can take and blend. If it's still too hard to blend add more milk. You'll have to repeat this step several times. Pour the pulp into a big pot.
You must be careful with the amount of milk. The blend must be a thick pulp, not too milky, so in order to avoid using more milk after you run out of it (the 4 cups), add some of the previously blended pulp to blend the rest of the kernels.
Once it's all blended and in the pot, cook this pulp. It will take about 20 minutes. You can tell it's ready by tasting it (you should be able to notice if the kernels are cooked or not) and because it will turn to a heavy and beautiful yellow color(when it's not cooked the color is rather pale).
Add sugar to taste.
Then, the rest. Boil the chicken breasts in water with salt.
Cut the eggs into sheets.
Now it will be all ready to assemble. There are two possibilities for this. The first is to assemble the Pastel de Choclo in individual clay bowls as the one shown in the picture (that's the traditional way and it is believed to give it a special flavor). The other is to put it together on a large square baking tin or another bakeware of the sort. The next step is the same for either of those.
The layer at the bottom is the Pino. On top of it, scatter the olives, raisins and eggs as wished (to give you a better idea of it, in an individual pastel usually there are about 2 olives and 2 raisins, but if you want to add more, that's just fine).
Then, the chicken. Shred the chicken to bits and scatter it around so that it covers the layer of pino.
Finally, the Pastelera. Pour it over all the rest until it's all covered.
Now comes the last step. Put it to cook in the oven for about half and hour. This varies. You'll notice it's ready when the pastelera browns.

Submitter: 
Makka
Description: 
This is a traditional Chilean recipe. It's usually eaten in summer and fall when there's heavy corn production in the country. It is a sort of pie consisting of a layer of pino (onion and ground beef), chicken, egg, raisins and olives and a top coat of pastelera (sweetened mashed corn paste). Usually it is eaten with tomato salad. My American and German friends love it and they keep on asking me to cook it for them over and over again. I'll try to adjust to the American units the best I can, because I only know the Chilean ones.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1hr 30mins
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
