URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62116138/gingersnap-crusted-pumpkin-marble-cheesecake-bars/
Title:
Gingersnap Crusted Pumpkin Marble Cheesecake Bars Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Crust:
2 1/2 cups finely ground Gingersnap cookies
6 tablespoons (3/4 of a stick) melted butter
Cooking Spray
Pumpkin Filling:
2/3 cup canned pumpkin
2 teaspoons ground pumpkin pie spice
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
2 tablespoons brown sugar
Cheesecake Filling:
3 8-ounce blocks of cream cheese, softened
1 cup white sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract
3 whole eggs

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350. Prepare a 9 x 13 non-stick baking pan with cooking spray. Combine gingersnap crumbs and melted butter in a small bowl until well incorporated. Using fingertips, press evenly and firmly onto the bottom of the prepared pan. Bake for 6-8 minutes until browned and slightly firm. Remove from oven and cool completely. (Note: Crust will further set and harden as it cools, so be careful not to overcook!)
Meanwhile, combine pumpkin, pumpkin pie spice, flour and brown sugar in a medium bowl until well combined. In a separate mixer bowl, beat cream cheese with white sugar and vanilla extract on medium speed until smooth and creamy. Add eggs, one at a time, combining thoroughly between each.
Measure 1 cup of the cream cheese mixture and add to the pumpkin mixture, hand stirring until well combined. Spread remaining cream cheese mixture evenly over the cooled gingersnap crust.
Drop rounded tablespoons of the pumpkin mixture randomly over the entire surface of the cream cheese layer. Using the handle end of a wooden spoon, carefully swirl the two batters together until a marbled effect is achieved and the two mixtures are roughly combined.
Bake in preheated oven for 30-35 minutes, or until center is set and a toothpick inserted comes out fairly clean. Cool completely at room temperature to allow cheesecake to thoroughly set, and cut into 24 bars. Refrigerate any leftover bars.

Submitter: 
brightlightz
Description: 
This is a decadent fall dessert, perfect for bringing along to holiday potlucks! The spiciness of the gingersnap crust is a perfect match to the rich sweetness of the filling. These bars can be made ahead and frozen until ready to thaw and serve.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
