URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62125274/basic-pizza-dough/
Title:
Basic Pizza Dough Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pkg active dry yeast
1 1/4 c warm water (approx 110-115 degrees)
3 1/2 to 4 c all-purpose flour or flour of choice
1/2 tsp salt
Small amount (approx 2 T) cornmeal (opt)
Herbs as desired to flavor dough (opt)
Desired pizza filling

Directions:
Sprinkle yeast on warm water; stir to dissolve.  Add 2 c flour and the salt.  Beat thoroughly.  Stir in remaining flour, reserving some for the board.  Turn onto lightly floured board and knead until smooth and elastic, about 10 minutes.  Place in a lightly greased bowl; turn dough over to grease top.  Cover and let rise in warm place until doubled, about 30 minutes.  Turn onto board an knead just long enough to force out large bubbles.  Divide in half.  Roll each half to make and 11" circle or shape of choice.  Stretch each circle to fit an oiled 12" pizza pan.  Add filling.  Bake in very hot oven (450 degrees F) 20 to 25 minutes.  If baking two pizzas at the same time, exchange  position of pans once during baking.  Makes two pizzas.  I like to spread a very thin layer of cornmeal to allow pizza crust to be removed without sticking.
Baking sheets can be used; build up edges slightly and fill and bake like round pizza.
To freeze pizza dough:  After dough has been rolled to fit, place in oiled pizza pan with double thickness of waxed paper between circles.  Wrap and freeze.  Keeps up to one week (longer in deep freeze if well wrapped).  To use frozen dough, remove from freezer and let stand at room temp for 20 minutes.   Stretch pizza dough to cover pizza pans, Fill and bake as directed.

Submitter: 
Elle
Description: 
A quick, easy basic pizza dough that can be frozen.  I've used this since the early 1970's.  We froze just the dough, and also whole (baked) pizzas.  Very convenient when you have to drive 20 miles or more to a restaurant!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
