URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62122657/lisas-clam-chowder/
Title:
Lisa's Clam Chowder Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 slices of bacon or turkey bacon chopped
1/2 C butter
2 stalks of celery finely chopped
2 small carrots finely chopped
1 yellow onion chopped
4 potatoes chopped into small chunks
4 T flour
1/2 to 1 t. thyme
dash cayenne pepper
1 1/2 T lemon juice
2-8oz. bottles of clam juice
2-6.5oz cans chopped clams
sprinkle of garlic salt
sprinkle of onion powder
3 C milk
1 C heavy cream
cornstarch w/ water to thicken
salt and pepper to taste
In medium to large soup pan, saute chopped bacon until it begins to become crispy, add the butter, onion, celery, carrots, potatoes, salt and pepper.  Saute on low to medium for 10 minutes.  Continue to stir to avoid sticking.  Sprinkle with flour and stir for 1 minute.  Add the clam juice, clams, thyme, cayenne, lemon juice, garlic salt, onion powder and milk.  Simmer on low until the potatoes are tender.  Add the heavy cream and simmer for an additional 5 minutes.  Thicken to your desired consistency by adding cornstarch that has been whisked together with a

Directions:
In medium to large soup pan, saute chopped bacon until it begins to become crispy, add the butter, onion, celery, carrots, potatoes, salt and pepper.  Saute on low to medium for 10 minutes.  Continue to stir to avoid sticking.  Sprinkle with flour and stir for 1 minute.  Add the clam juice, clams, thyme, cayenne, lemon juice, garlic salt, onion powder and milk.  Simmer on low until the potatoes are tender.  Add the heavy cream and simmer for an additional 5 minutes.  Thicken to your desired consistency by adding cornstarch that has been whisked together with a small amount of water.  Add more salt and pepper to taste if needed.

Submitter: 
Lisa
Description: 
Delicious and creamy clam chowder with a hint of bacon.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
