URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62123819/jalapeno-butter-garlic-tilapia/
Title:
Jalapeno Butter Garlic Tilapia Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4-6 8oz. Tilapia Fillets (or any firm, white fish (Sea Bass, Snapper, Sheepshead, Grouper)
1 c. flour
Salt, to taste
Pepper, to taste
2 tbsp oil
1 clove minced garlic
One or two fistfuls of Baby Spinach leaves, fresh, washed and dried
One Diced tomato (firm, beefsteak or Romas)
One jalapeno, finely chopped (remove seeds to remove heat)
1/2 of a lemon
1 tsp basil
1 tsp parsley
1/4 c. Butter, cut into small cubes
Freshly grated parmesan cheese

Directions:
Heat the oil over medium-high heat until hot.
Add garlic and cook so it infuses the oil but doesn't burn (about 2-4 minutes). Remove garlic so it doesn't burn (do not discard)
Dip the fish fillets in flour, salt and pepper them and brown about 2 minutes on each side. Just enough to give it some color.
In a small bowl, mix the spinach leaves, jalapenos, tomatoes, basil, parsley and squeeze the lemon half over all of it, toss to mix.
Sprinkle the garlic you removed from the pan on top of the fillets being careful to not let them fall back on the pan or they will burn.
Dot the fillets with the butter pieces.
Add about 1/4 of the mixture to each of the top of the fillets, mounding it on top, try to keep it from going into the pan.
Reduce the heat to medium low, cover, and let cook for 7 minutes or until the spinach is wilted.
Uncover, sprinkle with parmesan cheese to taste, cover for another 1-2 minutes to allow cheese to partially melt.
Serve over white rice or angel hair pasta, the light sauce will infuse throughout.

Submitter: 
Jessica Shippee
Description: 
A light, flavorful way to prepare any white fish (tilapia, grouper, sheepshead, sea bass, sea trout, red snapper). I took a favorite restaurant dish and was forced to guess the ingredients when it went out of business. You just pile the ingredients on top and let the steaming meld the flavors together. The result is this amazing (and easy!) fish dish that will wow your guests.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 min
Ready in:
35 min
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
