URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62128341/vegetarian-breakfast-gravy/
Title:
vegetarian breakfast gravy Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 tablespoons margarine
1/2 onions
6 vegetarian breakfast sausages (we use Morningstar Farms)
1/4 cup flour, white
3 cups soy milk
1 teaspoon pepper
4 pieces bread, lightly toasted (or stale)

Directions:
Turn stove on to medium high, and melt 2 tbsp. margarine in a saucepan.  Add the chopped onions and sauté until they begin to soften.  Add sausage crumbles and sauté until browned. Set aside the cooked onion/sausage mixture in a bowl.
In the same pan, reduce heat to medium, and prepare a roux by mixing the flour with the rest of the margarine to make a heavy paste. Add margarine and/or flour to get the correct consistency. Stir and cook the roux for a couple of minutes until it begins to brown, then slowly add soymilk to the mixture, stirring continuously. You must stir continuously to avoid lumps.  Continue to simmer the gravy over medium heat and add more soy milk to the correct consistency. If you accidentally add too much milk, just add a bit more flour (not more than a teaspoon at a time). The longer you cook the gravy, the more it will reduce and thicken.
Once the gravy is at the right consistency, add the onion/sausage mixture and continue to stir and simmer until heated through. Add salt and pepper to taste; you will probably find that you'll use more salt and pepper than you expected.
Break the lightly toasted bread into pieces and mix it into the gravy (you'll need to add milk to adjust the consistency). It should be thick enough to not be soupy but not dry.

Submitter: 
rcragun
Description: 
This is a vegetarian variation of a traditional Cragun family breakfast recipe. The non-vegetarian version uses ground beef and adds boiled, diced eggs. The gravy recipe is a variation of biscuits and gravy - the biscuits are just mixed in with the gravy.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
