URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62123395/chicken-pepperoni/
Title:
Chicken Pepperoni Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup of stick pepperoni, diced into small cubes
½ cup flour
1 tspn. salt
½ tspn. black pepper
1 tspn. paprika
1 tspn. garlic powder
½ tspn. onion powder
1 ½ tspns. prepared Italian seasoning
1 ½ lbs. boneless skinless chicken breasts
2 ½ cups canned tomato sauce
1 6 oz. can tomato paste
2 cloves garlic, finely minced
½ - 1 tspn. Crushed red pepper flakes (or to taste)
1 cup thinly sliced fresh mushrooms
3/4 lb. rotini pasta
½ cup grated Parmesan cheese
Olive oil as needed

Directions:
Cook pasta according to package directions.
Meanwhile, cook diced pepperoni in a skillet over medium heat, stirring frequently, until most of the fat has been rendered.
Remove pepperoni from skillet and drain on paper towels, allowing fat to remain in skillet. NOTE: Olive oil can be added to the skillet in small amounts if not enough fat has rendered from the pepperoni to accommodate the chicken, particularly if you choose a reduced-fat pepperoni.
Trim fat from chicken breasts and slice into strips.
In a large plastic Ziplock bag, combine flour, salt, pepper, paprika, garlic powder, onion powder, and Italian seasoning.
Toss chicken strips, a few at a time, in the bag containing the flour mixture until well coated.
Fry in the rendered pepperoni fat over medium-high heat until lightly browned and cooked through.
Remove chicken from pan and set aside.
In the same skillet, combine tomato sauce, tomato paste, minced garlic, crushed red pepper and sliced mushrooms along with 1/2 cup of water. Cover and simmer over medium heat for about 7 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Add the reserved chicken strips and pepperoni dices back to the pan and simmer together with the sauce for about 10 minutes.
Serve over hot cooked pasta and top with grated Parmesan cheese.

Submitter: 
brightlightz
Description: 
The flavors of pepperoni are infused into boneless, skinless chicken breast for this unique and flavorful dish, then simmered in a spicy tomato sauce with fresh mushrooms. Turn the heat up or down by adjusting the amount of crushed red pepper, and serve with salad and a warm loaf of crusty French bread.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
50
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
