URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62129458/carbonara-quesadillas/
Title:
Carbonara Quesadillas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb thinly sliced chicken breast
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon black pepper
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 package fully cooked sliced bacon* (14 - 16 slices)
1 8oz. package sliced mushrooms
2 cups shredded Mozzarella cheese (1 8oz. package)
1 cup Classic Alfredo sauce (from a ready-serve 1 lb jar)
1 package of 8 large flour tortillas (burrito style)
a few slices of butter
*I use fully cooked sliced bacon to save time.  I've also cooked a package of bacon and that worked just as well.

Directions:
Season chicken with salt and pepper.
In a large skillet, cook the chicken with olive oil over medium heat until the chicken is fully cooked and there is no trace of pink.
Meanwhile, slice the bacon strips into small, bite-size pieces.  Slice any mushrooms that are bigger than a bite-size.
When the chicken is done, remove from skillet, set aside.  Remove any excess grease from the skillet.
Add bacon and mushrooms to skillet over medium heat.  Stir.
Meanwhile, slice chicken into small, bite-sized strips.
When mushrooms are brown, reduce heat to low.  Add creamy Alfredo sauce to skillet.  Add chicken.  Stir.
In a second large skillet, over medium heat, melt a thin slice of butter.  Place a tortilla in skillet.
With a large spoon, add two scopes of chicken/bacon/mushroom/Alfredo mixture to tortilla.  In the next step, you have to fold the tortilla in half so keep the mixture to one side of the tortilla.
Sprinkle a fist full of shredded mozzarella cheese on top of mixture.  Fold tortilla in half.  With a spatula, carefully flip the folded tortilla.  Brown both sides to desired crispness.
Remove from heat.  Slice quesadilla into thirds, set them on the table and watch them fly off the plate.
Repeat until all the mixture is used up.
On average, this recipe uses 5 of the 8 flour tortillas and feeds four people.  Can be served with a little salsa and sour cream.

Submitter: 
Tina D
Description: 
Chicken, bacon, mozzarella, mushrooms, creamy Alfredo sauce, all inside a warm, crunchy quesadilla!  Fun & easy to make.  Impressively great flavor!  Try these tonight!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
42
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
