URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62128196/kanafa/
Title:
Kanafa Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 package shredded filo dough, frozen (also called Kataifi)
3/4 pound unsalted butter
1 package (15 oz) ricotta cheese
1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese
1/3 cup white sugar
Syrup:
1 cup white sugar
1/2 cup water
1 teaspoon lemon juice
1/8 teaspoon rose water (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
Use food processor to finely chop the frozen, shredded filo dough; strands should be approximately the length of rice. Pour into large mixing bowl.
Place butter in a large liquid measuring cup or bowl with a spout.  Heat butter in microwave until completely melted, and let it sit for several minutes until a thick white foam has formed on top. Clarify butter by using a spoon to skim off foam.
Pour the butter into the bowl of filo dough. Use your hands to mix the butter and dough together. Make sure that the butter is absorbed by taking handfuls of the dough and rubbing between your palms.  Avoid pouring in the white milk solid that settles at the bottom of the clarified butter.
In a separate bowl, mix together the ricotta, mozzarella and 1/3 cup sugar.
Evenly spread buttered filo dough into a 9"x13" pan and firmly press into bottom. With a spoon, spread cheese mixture onto filo dough, avoiding the edges of the pan.
Bake Kanafa for 30-35 minutes, or until cheese is slightly golden and edges of dough are brown and bubbly.
Make the attar (syrup) by bringing 1 cup of sugar and 1/2 cup water to a boil over medium high heat in a small saucepan. Once it boils, turn down the heat to meduim and pour in the lemon juice. Stir while boiling for 5-7 minutes, and remove immediately if it begins to turn gold. After boiling for 5-7 minutes, take off heat and add rose water. Set aside.
Take Kanafa out of oven. Place a larger platter or baking sheet over baking dish. With oven mits over your hands, carefully put one hand on top of the platter and one hand under the baking dish. Quickly flip over, so that Kanafa is now upside down on platter. Remove baking dish.
Pour syrup over Kanafa while still hot. Cut into individual pieces and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Noura
Description: 
A favorite Palestinian dessert! Crunchy shredded filo dough layered with creamy sweet cheese and drenched in attar syrup makes this dessert simple yet impressive. 
The cheese filling is traditionally made from Nabulsi cheese that is desalted. The ricotta/mozzarella mix is a great substitute, and lower-fat products can be used. If you have access to a Middle-Eastern grocery, you can probably find Kanafa dye, which turns the dough into the orange or reddish color that is the signature of Kanafa.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
60
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
