URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62127702/basic-beef-jerky/
Title:
Basic Beef Jerky Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 Tbsp sugar
1 Tbsp salt
1 tsp onion powder
1/2 tsp black pepper
2lbs flank steak

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 140 (or as low as your oven will go. I have used 170 and 200 without trouble)
Cut the flank steak in half and then into strips 1/4inch thick. The steak itself will be around 1 inch think and 8 inches long. For "jerky" jerky, cut with the grain. For all the jerky taste but none of the snarling and tearing, cut against the grain. The strips will be roughly 4-5inches long, 1 inch wide and 1/4inch thick.
Mix the seasonings together and sprinkle a layer on a cookie sheet. (Lining the cookie sheet with foil will allow you to replace the foil when you flip the strips over mid-bake and all them to dry faster. This is optional).
Lay the strips out on the cookie sheet and sprinkle the mixture on the top, slightly thicker than the bottom.
Put the cookie sheet(s) in the oven and bake for 2 hours.
After 2 hours, remove the sheet(s) from the over and flip the strips over. If you used foil and would like to switch it, do that now before you flip the strips.
Add another light sprinkle of seasoning to the newly facing side and return to the oven for another 2-3hrs.
Turn off the oven after 2-3hrs and leave the jerky in the oven to dry for another 24hrs. *If you cannot afford another 24hrs, the jerky is edible at this point but will need to dry a little more. If you used foil, change it and bake another hour. If you did not, blot up the oil, switch cookie sheets or lay down foil to separate the strips from the oil while they back for another hour. This will not affect the taste.

Submitter: 
Emily Bailey
Description: 
I brought this jerky to work and no one tasted it without saying Wow! This is GOOD!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
