URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62129374/pad-thai/
Title:
Pad Thai Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Sauce
4 tbsp.		Tiparos Fish sauce
4 tbsp.		Bottled tamarind paste
1 tbsp. 	Limejuice
1 Tbsp	 	Vinegar
4 tbsp.		Sugar
1 Tbsp		Siracha Chili Sauce (Optional)
2 tbsp.		Oil
3 to 4 		Garlic cloves, rough chopped
1 1/2 tbsp. 	Packaged salted turnip, minced
1 Teaspoon	Dried shrimp
3-4 cup		BKM Chantaboon Rice stick
1 Tbsp		Paprika for color (Optional)
1/2 cup 	Sliced baked tofu, diced
1/2 cup 	(1-inch lengths) chicken, cut into thin strips
2 		Eggs
8 		Shrimp, peeled and cleaned
3-4  		Green onions cut into 2-inch bias strips
1/4 cup 	Chopped dry-roasted unsalted peanuts
1-cup 		Bean sprouts

Directions:
Soak noodles in warm water to cover 1 hour.
In a small bowl, stir together fish sauce, tamarind paste, limejuice, vinegar, Sriracha sauce and sugar. Set aside.
Heat wok over high heat. Add oil and coat pan completely. When pan starts to smoke, add garlic and stir 5 seconds. Add turnip, dried shrimp and tofu and stir-fry until they begin to soften, 3 to 4 minutes. Add chicken pieces and stir-fry until no longer pink, 1 to 2 minutes.
Push ingredients in wok to side and let oil settle in center of pan. Crack eggs into pan, making sure to break yolks. Lightly scramble until half-cooked, about 30 seconds. Combine with remaining cooked ingredients in pan.
Add shrimp and cook until chicken and shrimp are medium done, about 1 minute. Add 3 cups drained noodles and cook for about 2-3 minutes until soft.. Add reserved sauce mixture and paprika and fold together until paprika evenly colors noodles and all liquid is absorbed, about 2 minutes.
Place green onions in center of noodles, and then spoon some noodles over green onions to cover and let steam 30 seconds. Stir in 3 tablespoons peanuts. Transfer to serving plate and garnish with bean sprouts and remaining peanuts.

Submitter: 
JETTILA
Description: 
The most popular Thai dish in America. This is an authentic version.  Feel free to substitute Sriracha  Sauce for paprika for a spicy Thai version.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
