URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62122580/jans-beef-and-green-pepper/
Title:
Jan's Beef and Green Pepper Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound lean steak, cut into 1/2" strips and then bite size
2 - 3 green bell peppers - cut into bite size triangles
1/4 cup soy sauce
1/4 cup water
1 TBS cornstarch
1 TBS dry sherry or red wine
1 tsp sugar
1/2 tsp salt
2 TBS canola oil
Rice

Directions:
Start cooking your rice so it will be ready to eat when you are finished cooking.
Mix together the soy sauce, water, sherry, & sugar.
Add the cornstarch and stir well until blended.
Cut up the beef and place in the soy mixture and allow to marinate for 15 - 30 minutes if time permits.
While the beef is marinating, cut up the green pepper and place with skin side down on a baking tray.  Sprinkle with
salt and allow to rest for 15 minutes.
When ready to cook, heat the oil and quickly stir fry the green pepper briefly not allowing the green pepper to be overcooked.  Then take out the green pepper and place in a bowl covered with tin foil so it stays warm.
With a slotted spoon, take the beef out of the marinade (reserving the marinade) and  stir fry it for a few minutes.  (Make sure not to overcook the beef since it will cook quickly.)  When it is done take it out and place in a covered serving bowl.
Take the marinade and pour it into the pan, allowing it to come to a boil and thicken a little and then pour over the beef and place the green pepper around the edges.
Serve over rice.

Submitter: 
PREGOCOOK
Description: 
My mother has made this for as long as I can remember and I think it might have been the first recipe I ever asked her to write down for me when I left for college.  It's been my favorite meal from childhood and although it is super easy, whenever I'm home this is my hand's down requested meal for my mom to make.  Somehow when she makes it - it just tastes better... must be the love she drops in.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
