URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62126861/seared-tilapia-with-vera-cruz-sauce/
Title:
Seared Tilapia with Vera Cruz Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 Lg Pablano Pepper, roasted and julienned
4 Tbsps Olive Oil
6 Clove Garlic, minced
1/2 C Onions, chopped
1/4 C Green Olives, sliced
1/4 C Black Olives, sliced
2 Tbsps Capers, rinsed
3 C Diced Tomatoes
1/2 C White Wine
4 Ozs Scallops, Small, washed and patted dry
4 Ozs Crab Meat, drained
4 Ozs Shrimp
1 Tbsp Oregano
1/2 Tsp Lawry's Season Salt
2 Tbsps Butter
4 6 to 8 Ounce Tilapia Fillets, any firm white fish or salmon
Cracked Black Pepper, to taste

Directions:
Rinse and pat dry pablano pepper.  Roast over open flame of gas stove or in oven on broil.  Black all around.  After blackened,  place in paper bag for 15 minutes.  Rinse off skin under cool running water.  It's OK to have some charred spots.  Cut in half lengthwise and rinse out seeds and ribs.  Julienne and set aside.
Place 2 tablespoons olive oil in medium skillet or large sauce pan.  Place over medium high heat.  Add garlic and onions, saute for 3 minutes.  Add all olives and capers, saute for 1 minutes.  Add tomatoes and white wine, bring to boil.  Add julienne pablano pepper, scallops, crab meat and shrimp; remove from heat and put lid on.
Wash tilapia and pat dry.  Season tilapia filets with oregano, Lawry's season salt and cracked black pepper to taste.  Place 2 tablespoons olive oil and 2 tablespoons butter in large frying pan.  Preheat pan over medium flame.  Place tilapia filets in sauté pan. Sauté for 1 minute. Turn filets and place in oven for 2 minutes to finish.   Prepare Veracruz sauce and ladle sauce over fish, leaving the ends of the fish exposed and simmer for 5 mintues.

Submitter: 
Mama Smith
Description: 
This is a simple, elagant meal that will impress your friends.  Vera Cruz Sauce is very versitile and can be used with any firm fish or chicken breast.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
25
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
