URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62127932/cranberry-chicken-and-feta-salad/
Title:
Cranberry, Chicken and Feta salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Apprx. 1 package of all white meat chicken breast
2 tlbs. olive oil
2 lemons
1 cup fresh basil
fresh oregano
1 cup dried cranberry's, such as Craisins
1 whole cucumber
1 bunch green onions
1 pint cherry tomatoes
1/2 cup pine nuts
4 oz feta cheese, crumbled
1 bag of mixed baby green salad
1 cup of small, whole wheat pasta, such as ditalinni or farfalle.
Dressing:
1/2 cup Extra Virgin Olive Oil
1/4 cup red wine vinegar
2-3 garlic cloves
1/2 cup parmesean cheese
2 tlbs. lemon juice
rind of one lemon
1 cup packed fresh basil
Crusty bread to grill and serve with dish

Directions:
For the chicken:
Combine the Olive oil, juice of two lemons, fresh basil and oregano in a food processor and blend.  Pour marinade over chicken and let marinade for at least 1 hour up to overnight.  Heat grill to medium heat.  Once grill is hot, grill chicken for apprx. 5 minutes on each side, or until done, continually basting with marinade.  Remove Chicken, set aside to cool.
While grilling chicken, cook the pasta according to the directions.  Do not overcook. Drain, and set aside to cool.
chop the cucumber, onions and halve the cherry tomatoes.  Toast the pine nuts in a pan over medium heat.  allow to cool.
In a food processor or blender, combine oil and next 5 ingredients until smooth.
Dice the chicken, and toss all the ingredients together in a large salad bowl.  Serve with the crusty bread.

Submitter: 
Kelly
Description: 
This is a yummy, Mediterranean stle dish that has chicken, feta, cranberry's and pine nuts.  It is a complete meal, and everyone I know has absolutely loved it! I originally got this recipe from a friend, but have made some changes to it.  I simply love it!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
