URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62127849/scottish-irish-eggs-and-mustard-sauce/
Title:
Scottish Irish Eggs and Mustard Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/322280.jpg
Ingredients:
8 medium hardboiled eggs (peeled)
1/4 cup flour
2 lbs ground pork breakfast sausage
2 tablespoons dried parsley
1/4 teaspoon onion powder
2 beaten eggs
1 cup dried breadcrumbs
Dash of ground nutmeg
Dash black pepper
approx 2 quarts of oil for deep frying
Mustard Sauce:
1 egg
1 cup mayonnaise
2/3 cup sweet and spicy mustard
2 tablespoons sugar

Directions:
Place eggs in flour to coat
Place oil in deep fryer and preheat to 350 degrees F.
Combine sausage, parsley and onion powder (Mix well)
Combine breadcrubs, nutmeg and black pepper (mix)
To assemble place 1/4 lb of sausage mixture in your palm and flatten to make an oblong pattie.
Place 1 hardboiled egg in center of sausage pattie and roll around egg pinching closed the ends. Using your hands shape sausage around egg evenly.
Dip the covered egg into the beaten egg mixture to coat and then roll the dipped egg in the seasoned breadcrumbs. Place on large platter. Complete the process until all eggs are assembled.
Carefully place 2 - 3 eggs in fryer basket at a time (Be careful not to crowd them). Fry them until they are dark golden brown. About 8 - 10 min. Turn them half way through cooking time. When your first batch is cooked, cut one in half to inspect doneness. (Adjust cooking time if necessary).
Meanwhile, in medium saucepan, combine all mustard sauce ingredients. Place over medium heat stirring frequently until sauce thickens and starts to bubble. Turn off heat and let stand a few minutes.
To serve, cut eggs in half and place each half on a plate "egg side up" on top of a dollop of mustard sauce. Enjoy.
(See my pic "scotch eggs and mustard sauce")

Submitter: 
Alta Nesbitt Rees Sieker
Description: 
These easy to make eggs are a delicious treat. They are served up in Scottish and Irish pubs. I make them on special occasions for breakfast, and serve them with hashbrown potatoes. The leftovers are always devoured by lunch time.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
