URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62120619/chocolate-filled-rugelach/
Title:
Chocolate-Filled Rugelach Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature
1 bar (8 oz) cream cheese, room temperature
2 tablespoons granulated sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 cups all-purpose flour
1 egg
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1 tablespoon cocoa
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 cup mini semisweet chocolate chips
Coarse white decorator sugar crystals

Directions:
Using a stand mixer or food processor, blend butter, cream cheese, 2 tablespoons sugar, and salt until smooth. Add flour and blend or pulse just until a dough forms. Divide dough in half. Flatten into disks and wrap in plastic. Refrigerate till firm, at least 2 hours.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Line two baking pans with parchment paper and set aside. In a small cup, beat egg lightly with 1 teaspoon water; set aside. In a small bowl, stir together 1/2 cup sugar, cocoa, and cinnamon; set aside.
Place one disk of dough on a lightly floured sheet of parchment paper. Cover lightly with plastic wrap to prevent sticking, and roll out into an 11-inch circle. Using a 10-or 10 1/2-inch dinner plate as a guide, cut around dough to make a circle; discard scraps. Repeat with second disk.
Brush circles with egg wash. Place a small cap (like a milk-bottle cap) in the center of each circle to keep it free from topping. (This trick will help the tail of the dough stick when you roll it up later.) Sprinkle circles evenly with mini chocolate chips and then with cocoa-cinnamon sugar. If desired, gently and lightly press chocolate chips into the dough with a rolling pin.
Remove milk cap. Using a pizza cutter, cut each circle into 16 equal triangles. Starting from the wide end, roll up each triangle of dough. Place on parchment-lined baking sheets, seam side down. Brush rolls with egg wash and sprinkle liberally with coarse sugar crystals.
Bake about 20 minutes, until golden brown. Transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.

Submitter: 
RCKim
Description: 
Filled with mini chocolate chips and cocoa-kissed cinnamon sugar, these flaky, buttery little crescents make a wonderful dessert, breakfast pastry, or tea-time treat. A stand mixer or food processor speeds the process.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 hrs 50 m
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
