URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62128636/mac-cheese/
Title:
Mac & Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb. pasta of your choice; elbow, small shells, gemelli etc
3 Tbsp butter or margarine
1/2 small to medium onion, diced or chopped finely
2 Tbsp flour
pinch cayenne pepper
1/8 tsp creole or cajun seasoning or other seasoned salt
1 12 oz. can evaporated milk (skim works just fine)
2 cups shredded sharp Cheddar cheese

Directions:
In a large pot, put 4 quarts water on to boil. Salt if desired. Cook pasta according to directions. Drain and set aside... do your best to time it so it's done boiling about the same time as the sauce is done!
In the meantime:
In a large saucepan, Melt the butter or margarine over medium heat. Add the onions and cook past translucent but not to carmelized. You're not trying to brown them, but just get that sweet roasted flavor. Slightly golden is the goal. Don't heat too quickly, and stir pretty frequently.
When the onions are there, add the cayenne pepper and seasoning. Stir to distribute evenly in the onion/butter mixture. Sprinkle with the flour and stir. Cook for 2-3 minutes, stirring almost constantly. You're cooking the raw flour taste out, so be thorough. Don't turn up the heat too high or you'll get scorched flour taste instead!
Add the entire can of milk. Stir, still over medium heat, to completely dissolve all the buttery flour into the liquid. (Taste now and adjust your seasonings if it isn't zippy enough for you!) It will begin to thicken after a few minutes; stir several more times while it's heating. When it is a gravy consistency, add the cheese and stir to melt. Don't wait until the milk thickens completely - the sauce mixture gets thicker! If it gets too thick, it will go right past creamy to gummy; this can be thinned with a few tablespoons of milk, but it's easier to just avoid it in the first place!
Put the drained pasta back into the empty pot you cooked it in and pour the sauce over. Stir to coat every last bite.
Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Lisa Scott Provost
Description: 
Homemade stovetop-style mac & cheese, easy & rich-tasting. The onions give it a surprisingly complex flavor, but it's as simple as can be!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
