URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62123333/dill-lemon-cream-penne-with-chicken/
Title:
Dill Lemon Cream Penne with Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 box Penne Pasta
1/2 lb. Chicken Breasts, cut into small bite-sized pieces
1 Tbs. Dill
1/2 C. Lemon Juice (divided in 1/2)
2 Medium Cloves of Garlic
1 Medium Vidalia (yellow) Onion, diced
4 Tbs. Salted Butter
1 Tbs. Kosher Salt
1 Tsp. Whole Peppercorns
16 oz. Cream Cheese (softened)
8 oz. Sour Cream
1/2 - 1 C. Milk
1/2 C. Freshly Grated Parmesan Cheese
1 C. Water on reserve
(optional ingredients:)
1/4 C. Reconstituted Sundried Tomatoes
2-4 Strips Crispy Bacon

Directions:
In a large boiling pan, bring 6+ cups of water to a boil for the penne pasta.  Use Olive Oil if you prefer.  Cook the Penne to Aldente.
In a large skillet, melt the butter on Medium heat.
Add Chicken, 1/4 C. of the Lemon juice, Dill, Diced Onion, Minced Garlic, Salt and Pepper and cook thoroughly.  Stir often in order to avoid burning.
When the ingredients start to dry up, add some water, 2 Tbs. at a time.  This will help the onions cook better and become soft as well as preventing them from burning.  Try to avoid caramelization.
When the Chicken and other ingredients have cooked, turn the heat down to Medium Low and add the Cream Cheese and Sour Cream to the pan while it is still hot. (If you are using the optional ingredients, add those now.)
Once those have begun to melt and combine, you may add the remaining Lemon Juice.  Add milk until a thick consistency *much like Alfredo sauce* is reached.  If you prefer it to be a touch less thick, add more milk.  Remember: keep the temperature low to avoid curdling!
When the desired consistency is reached, drain the penne noodles and mix thoroughly.  Just before serving, mix in the Parmesan Cheese.
Feel free to garnish with fresh lemon slices and dill.

Submitter: 
Bethany Joyful
Description: 
This is an original recipe that I created a few years ago and has been a huge crowd pleaser ever since!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
