URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62120948/spinach-and-rice-stuffed-chicken-breast/
Title:
Spinach and Rice Stuffed Chicken Breast Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4  boneless, skinless chicken breast
1  package 8 oz fresh mushrooms, sliced
2  packages frozen spinach
1  med onion, diced
4  cloves garlic, minced
3  tbs butter
½  cup dry white wine
3  cups cooked white rice
2  packages of hollandaise sauce

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Butterfly cut the chicken breast.  Cover in saran wrap and pound with flat side of meat tenderizer until ¼ in thick.
In a medium fry pan melt the butter and add the wine.  Sauté the onion, garlic and mushrooms until tender.
Defrost the spinach and squeeze as much of the liquid out of it as possible.  Add to the onion, garlic and mushroom mixture.   Mix well to break apart the spinach and mix well.
Add the onion, garlic. mushroom and spinach mixture to the cooked white rice and mix well.
Use the rice mixture to stuff the chicken breast.  You will have rice remaining.
Place remaining rice in a 9” x 13” baking pan (I recommend that you put tin foil around the edges of the pan – otherwise the rice will burn) and place the stuffed chicken breast on the rice.
Bake chicken for 35 minutes.  While chicken is baking prepare hollandaise sauce according to the directions.  After 35 minutes using half of the hollandaise sauce, cover the chicken and bake another 10 minutes or until the internal temperature of the chicken is 165 – 170 degrees using a good meat thermometer.
Use the remaining hollandaise sauce for the chicken or for the rice once plated.

Submitter: 
Chihuahua Girl
Description: 
My husband and I came up with this recipe when we we dating (17 years ago).  Since then my husband has requested it at least once a month as well as my kids.  My friends love it as well and have asked for this recipe.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
