URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62123803/brocoli-slaw-the-other-slaw/
Title:
Brocoli Slaw (The "Other" Slaw) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (one) pkg Shredded brocoli, cauliflower and carrots. Approx 3 cups pre shredded veggies(this is easily found at the grocery store and sometime will have red cabbage already in it as well) (if you can't find these packages, next time you use brocoli or cauliflower to make a veggie tray, save the stems and cores, peel and julian shred them and then shred carrot and small red cabbage) (Note: best to find the bags, saves time)
1 (cup) red cabbage (if not included in shred package). You can substitute one small package shredded red cabbage as well - (time saver)
1 (one) small red onion thinly sliced
1 (one) 14 oz can chunk pineapple (drained) or fresh pineapple
1/2 cup julian type almonds (toasted) (add more if desired)
1 (one) avacado
2 limes
3 Tablespoons Extra virgin Olive Oil
1/4 cup Pomegrande juice
salt & pepper

Directions:
Toss together all veggies (except avacado)
slice avacado in thin slices or small chunks (cut and use 1/2 of one of the limes to juice over top to keep from turning) set aside
Make vinegerette by combinging juice of remaining limes with pomegrande juice, slow whisk in olive oil, salt and pepper to taste.
Pour vinegerette on veggies and toss
Add avacados and pineapple to salad mixture.
Top with roasted almonds
Does not need to be chilled but you can cover with plastic wrap and keep in fridge one day in advance.
I have also made this with fresh pomegrande when in season. I just cut one ripe pomegrande and remove the arils and add to the slaw. This adds a whole new dimension and freshness to the salad.

Submitter: 
Steve Louthan
Description: 
This is awesome because most people dont realize all the great veggies they are eating - especially my kids. It is a great substitue for that traditional mayo type slaw. Plus with me being diabetic it is a great way to have a slaw type salad that doesn't include sugar that many traditional slaw dressings have in them. 

Goes great with grilled chicken or pork
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
