URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62123133/new-orleans-king-cake/
Title:
New Orleans King Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 box Pillsbury® Hot Roll Mix, 16 ounces
1/2 cup granulated sugar for filling
1-1/2 teaspoons cinnamon for filling
1/3 cup unsalted butter, room temperature

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375°F.
Cream the butter, sugar, and cinnamon together until soft enough to spread easily.
Follow directions on the Pillsbury® Hot Roll Mix package. Turn one half of the dough onto a floured surface, and roll into a 2- foot x 1- foot rectangle. Spread half of the butter and filling mixture on top of the dough.
Taking a good thing a step farther, many bakeries now stuff their King Cakes with ingredients such as apple, peach, or cherry pie filling, cream cheese, or chopped pecans with cinnamon sugar. Use your creative imagination.
Beginning at the wide edge, roll the dough toward you into a long cigar shape approximately 2 inches in diameter. Do the same with the second half of the dough. Place dough roll seam side down on a well greased baking sheet, and curve each roll, pinching the ends together to make oval ring. Cover, and let rise in warm place for 20 minutes or until doubled in size. Bake at 375°F for 15 to 20 minutes or until a straw inserted into the dough comes out clean. Allow the cake to cool.
GLAZE
2 cups confectioners' sugar,
2 tablespoons lemon juice
2 tablespoons water
1 cup granulated sugar, large crystals
3 or 4 drops purple food coloring
3 or 4 drops green food coloring
3 or 4 drops yellow food coloring
To prepare the glaze, combine sugar, lemon juice, and water mixing until smooth. Slowly add more water by the teaspoon until it spreads as easily as a thin icing.
Place 1/3 cup sugar in each of three small jars with lids. Add three drops of food coloring in each one. Cover with lid, and shake until color is evenly distributed throughout the large sugar crystals. Add food coloring, drop by drop until the desired shade is achieved.
Coat the top of the oval king cake with glaze. Immediately sprinkle the colored sugars in 2- to- 3 inch alternating rows of purple, green and gold. Cut and serve.

Submitter: 
Richard and Suzanne
Description: 
This recipe was developed because Mardi Gras King Cakes in New Orleans are getting really expensive. This King Cake turned out really good, if not better, than a local bakery.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
90 m
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
NA
