URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62129750/ground-turkey-and-sausage-white-chili/
Title:
Ground Turkey and Sausage White Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 tbsp olive oil
2/3 cup fresh carrots, shredded
1/2 cup celery, finely chopped
1 large sweet yellow onion, chopped
1/4 tsp each - ground white and black pepper
1/8 tsp ground cayenne pepper
4 cups chicken broth - divided
3 pounds ground turkey
1 pound Farmland brand pork breakfast sausage
1 tbsp powdered chicken bouillon
2 tbsp minced garlic
1 tbsp chopped fresh thyme
1 tsp chopped fresh rosemary
1 fresh sage leaf, whole
1 tsp dried oregano
1 tbsp ground cumin
1/2 tsp ground cinnamon
1/4 tsp crushed red peppers
1 tbsp prepared sweet mustard
1 (7oz) jar diced pimentos with juice
1 medium tomatillo, finely chopped
1 tbsp honey (optional)
2 (4oz) cans chopped (mild or hot) green chilies
3 cans great northern beans - divided and drained well
1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley - divided (saving half for garnish)
1 cup monterey jack cheese (optional)

Directions:
Saute carrots, celery and onions in olive oil in a 5 Qt dutch oven, or other large chili pot for 10 minutes.
Stir in white, black, and cayenne pepper, and 2 cups of chicken broth.
Add ground turkey and sausage; cook stirring occasionally, leaving meat in bite sized chunks until meat is cooked through; about 15 minutes.
Add the powdered bouillon, garlic, thyme, rosemary, sage, oregano, cumin, cinnamon, red pepper, mustard, pimento, tomatillo, honey and remaining 2 cups chicken broth; and simmer 10 more minutes.
Puree green chilies in a food processor with 1 can of great northern beans until smooth, and add to the pot.
Stir in remaining 2 cans great northern beans and 1/4 cup of fresh parsley; heat through.
Ladle into bowls and top with a little sprinkle of monterey jack cheese and then a little fresh parsley. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Alta Nesbitt Rees Sieker
Description: 
This is an easy meaty white chili recipe of mine that everyone loves. I never have any leftovers - even when I make a double batch. It uses fresh herbs and spices. The combination of savory, spicy and sweet ingredients make this wonderful chili a dining delight. I like to serve this with moist cornbread muffins.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
45 min
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
NA
