URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62128147/awesome-crock-pot-lasagna/
Title:
Awesome Crock Pot Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb. lean ground beef
1 small onion, chopped
garlic, chopped (the jar variety works great)
1 (26 oz.) jar spaghetti sauce, your choice of flavor
1 (8 oz.) can oregano, basil & garlic flavored tomato sauce
Garlic powder, to taste
Italian seasoning, to taste
1 (4 oz.) can sliced mushrooms, drained (optional)
1/2 of a 9 oz. box (about 8) no-boil or oven ready lasagna noodles
1 (16 oz.) jar alfredo pasta sauce
3 cups shredded mozzarella cheese
garlic powder, to taste
dried parsley, to taste
1/2 cup grated parmesan cheese

Directions:
Brown the beef, onion and garlic in a large skillet over medium-high heat until thoroughly cooked, stirring frequently.  Drain.  Spray a 4 - 5 quart crock pot with non-stick cooking spray.  Spread 3/4 of a cup of the spaghetti sauce in the bottom of the crock pot.  Stir remanining spaghetti sauce, tomato sauce, garlic powder and Italian Seasoning, to taste, and mushrooms into ground beef.  Layer 3 lasagna noodles over sauce in crock pot, breaking noodles as necessary to cover the sauce.  Top with 1/3 of the alfredo sauce, spreading evenly. Sprinkle with 1 cup of the mozzarella cheese.  Sprinkle garlic powder and dried parsley, to taste, over the cheese layer.  Repeat layering twice, using 2 lasagna noodles in the last layer.  Sprinkle the parmesan cheese on top.  Cover and cook on low for 3 1/2 to 4 1/2 hours.  NOTE:  Do not assemble this until ready to turn the crock pot on.  Assembling too much ahead of time makes the noodles soak up the liquid too soon.

Submitter: 
Shults3
Description: 
Beef, mushrooms, alfredo sauce and no-boil lasagna noodles.  This comes together quickly and is quite remarkable for a slow cooked Lasagna.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
