URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62124487/the-best-pork-tenderloin-ever/
Title:
The Best Pork Tenderloin Ever Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 1 lb pork tenderloins
2 jars of sliced mushrooms, drained
1 2oz packet of dry onion soup mix
1 white onion, chopped
2 cups of all purpose flour
4 tablespoons of oil
1 bottle of domestic beer
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
pre heat oven to 350 degrees.
heat oil in a skillet over medium heat.
rinse pork tenderloins and pat dry.
pour flour onto a flat surface.
coat tenderloins with flour, some flour may remain.
salt and pepper tenderloins to taste.
brown tenderloins really well in skillet over medium heat.
once browned, place tenderloins in medium sized baking dish and set aside.
in the same oil that the tenderloins were browned in, sautee the chopped onion for 5 minutes over medium-low heat, then add the sliced mushrooms and continue to sautee for an additional 5 more minutes or until the onions are cooked.
pour the onion and mushroom mixture over the tenderloins in the dish.
in a separate bowl whisk the dry onion soup mix and the bottle of beer together until well blended.
pour beer mixture over the pork, mushrooms and onions, making sure that the mixture, mushrooms and onions are around the pork as well as on top.
cover dish tightly with foil.
bake at 350 degrees for 1 hour.
take dish out of the oven, do not remove the foil and set aside for an additional 10 minutes to allow to cook a little bit longer outside of the oven.

Submitter: 
Michelle McCormick
Description: 
Pork tenderloin is baked in the oven with mushrooms, onions and a bottle of beer.  It comes out so tender, it melts in your mouth.  Thank you to my mother for this recipe, it's a family favorite. I usually serve it with home made mashed potatoes, since it makes a lot of gravy.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
90
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
