URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62124956/alligator-animal-italian-bread/
Title:
Alligator Animal Italian Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/554554.jpg
Ingredients:
3 C flour
1 C water, warm
1-1/2 tsp. salt
1-1/4 tsp. sugar
2-1/2 tsp. yeast
1 Tbs. gluten (optional)

Directions:
Combine ingredients using your bread machine's dough cycle.  Watch to make sure your dough pulls away from the sides nicely so that it doesn't end up too sticky or dry, adding more flour or water if necessary.  When cycle ends, punch down dough, roll out about 3/4" thick on floured surface , and divide into quarters.  Remember throughout that everything will get bigger as it rises so try to keep proportions in mind. Roll up each of the three quarters jelly-roll style, and line them up touching on a greased baking sheet for head, body, and tail.  Like you were working with clay, elongate the tail to a slender curved tip, and then slightly elongate the nose end.  Slice into the nose horizontally at tip for mouth and put a piece of folded foil in to hold the mouth open. From the remaining quarter dough, slice off 4 "logs" for legs, flattening each end of log and inserting one end under body, and slicing into other end to make claws.  Shape into slight bends when positioning on sheet.  Use 2 tiny balls of dough for eyes, stuffing each with a raisin, or dried currant or cranberry piece.  Using scissors, make shallow cuts all over the surface that become its spiky skin.  When you're satisfied with the shape, let rise uncovered about 30 min. in a warm place.  (I turn my oven on low, then after about 5 min. turn it off and rise my dough in there).  Brush gently with beaten egg, then bake at 400 degrees for 20 min.  Remove to rack with sharp spatula to cool.
Note:  prep time will vary with length of dough cycle on your bread machine.

Submitter: 
SHOGIRL
Description: 
Simple Italian bread made in alligator shape will rock any New Orleans Cajun-style Mardi Gras event.  Can also easily be shaped into an animal of your choice as this dough lends itself well to handling and doesn't rise uncontrollably so that your animal becomes distorted.  Make in bread machine on dough cycle, then shape, rise, brush with beaten egg, and bake traditionally.  If you're concerned about getting the right shaped animal, coloring book animals enlarged and placed underneath parchment baking paper make great guides!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
