URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62121217/sausage-stuffing/
Title:
Sausage Stuffing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound Jimmy Dean sage sausage
1 or 2 depending on size (about a cup) finely diced, any sweet onion (Vadalia,Walla Walla or Spanish.)
2 cups chopped celery, the better parts of a full stalk including the leaves.)
2 sticks = 1C Butter
10-12 cups bread cut into cubes and toasted in the oven to a light brown (I like Italian or French baguettes.) Something nice and crusty.
1 teaspoon poultry seasoning
1 teaspoon dried rubbed sage
1 teaspoon dried parsley
1/2 teaspoon ground black
Pepper
Approximately 1 Qt. Of hot stock* (give or take a little) You will want moist but not soupy.
Easy on the salt to taste, the stock will be salty usually.

Directions:
Place sausage in a large stock pot. Cook over medium heat until evenly brown. Add butter with the sausage cook until melted.
Add and saute onions and celery in the sausage/butter mixture until onion and celery is tender but not browned. Stir in the bread cubes. Mix in seasonings. Pour the stock over and toss until stock is absorbed. Watch your hands, it's hot. Mix well. This stuffing is ready for baking.
Bake at *350 Degrees in a large deep casserole dish (to allow for rising) covered for about 45 minutes to an hour and then uncovered until you get the desired browning on the top.
I like to make my own turkey stock but you can use canned chicken broth and it is just as good. I saw Collage Inn Turkey stock at the store over Thanksgiving and I am sure that would be great! I hope you will enjoy this recipe with your family and friends for years to come. It has always been a favorite with mine. I have had to break up fights for the last of it at our house.

Submitter: 
Buffy Ehlers Whitney
Description: 
Moist and delicious. A compliment to poultry or pork.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min.
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
