URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62123466/spinach-and-bacon-stuffed-chicken-parmesean/
Title:
Spinach and Bacon Stuffed Chicken Parmesean Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 lg boneless skinless chicken breast
1 cup italien dressing
1 cup speghetti sauce
2 cups shredded mozz. cheese
1 cup shredded parm cheese (fresh is best)
2 cups cooked spinach
5 strips cooked bacon(chopped)
3 cloves garlic (chopped)
1 egg beaten
2 cups italien breadcrumbs
3 tbsp melted butter

Directions:
Marinate the chicken breast in the italen dressing overnight
Pre heat oven to 350 degrees
Mix spinach, bacon, parmesean cheese, garlic, and 1 cup mozzerella cheese together. Set aside.
In a 9x13 pan spread a thin layer of speghetti sauce on the bottom (just enough to cover the bottom of the pan)Set aside.
Pound out the chicken breast evenly until about 1/4" thick
One at a time fill each breast with 1/4 of the spinach mixture, roll it up, and secure with toothpicks.
Brush each rolled up breast with egg.
Carefully cover each breast in about 1/2 cup of breadcrumbs ( I find it easiest to hold the chicken in my hand over a plate and sprinkle the breadcrumbs all around on it). Gently pat the crumbs on the chicken making sure the entire thing is well covered.
Place chicken breasts into prepared baking dish
Drizzle melted butter over chicken and place into oven.
After 20-25 minutes take out of oven and spoon 1/4 of remaining speghetti sauce onto top of each breast and 1/4 of the remaining mozz cheese onto the top of the sauce on each breast.
Put back into the oven to finish cooking another 10-15 minutes.
Remove toothpicks before serving using a fork put end of toothpick between 2 prongs apply gentle pressure to the chicken while pulling the toothpick out towards you.

Submitter: 
bdw1
Description: 
This is a very delicious way to change up tradition chicken parm. It is very tasty and looks beautiful. Easy to customize to your own likes or dislikes. This is a meal you will be proud to serve to your family or when you have company. I like to serve it with pasta, green beans, and breadsticks. Nobody will leave your table hungry!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
60 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
