URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62127274/best-damn-chili/
Title:
Best Damn Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 tablespoons olive oil
1 red bell pepper, chopped
2 red jalapeno, chopped
1 anaheim pepper, chopped
1 yellow onion, chopped
2 1/2 pounds lean ground beef
2 beef bouillon cubes
½  cup white wine
1 can Coors Light Beer
1 (28 ounce) Can crushed San Marazano
Tomatoes. (any brand) (must be San Marazano!!!)
4 garlic cloves, minced
1 (16ounce) Can fire roasted chopped
Tomatoes (any brand)
1 (12 ounce) can tomato paste
1 1/2 teaspoons smoked paprika
2  tablespoons chili powder
2  tablespoons Cumin plus 1/2 teaspoon
¼ Cup Worcestershire Sauce
Ground Garlic Powder (to taste)
1 tablespoon brown sugar
2 1/2 teaspoons dried basil
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano
1/2 teaspoon black pepper
1 teaspoon salt
1 Tablespoon Chipotle Sauce
2 (16 ounce) can kidney beans, I like the Bush Brand Seasoned Dark Kidney beans (undrained)
1 cup Sour Cream
3 Tablespoons Cilantro (chopped)

Directions:
Heat oil in a large pot over medium heat. Cook all peppers, and onion, and garlic until softened. Meanwhile Cook the ground beef in a frying pan and cook until browned, adding the Worcestershire sauce and garlic powder.  Crumble over bouillon cubes, and stir in beer to deglaze the pan; continue to cook for a few minutes. Add meat mixture to large pot and Stir in the cans tomatoes (including paste) and wine, Season with paprika, chili powder, Chipotle Sauce, basil, oregano, cumin, and brown sugar. Stir in salt and pepper.
Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to medium low. Cover, and simmer for 90 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Stir in kidney beans, Continue to simmer for an additional 30 minutes.
Taste chili and adjust salt to your own taste.
While Chili is cooling off add Sour Cream, Cilantro, and 1/2 teaspoon cumin to food processor.  Process till smooth (or to your own liking) use to top individual servings.

Submitter: 
Danny Jaye
Description: 
After years of adjustments I have found a recipe for all to enjoy.  Previous ones were either too hot or too mild, this one even was to the liking of my finace who hates chili.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
