URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62124773/beef-rouladen/
Title:
Beef Rouladen Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 Lb beef roast - appx 4 inch diameter
10-15 Garlic dill pickle spears
10-15 Carrot sticks
Dijon mustard
1/4 c Flour
2-4 T Olive oil
1 lg can diced tomatoes
1 med can tomato sauce
2 medium onions- sliced
3 cubes beef boullion

Directions:
Slice roast into thin slices, appx 1/4 inch, removing fat and gristle. If the roast is smaller in diameter, you may need to cut thicker slices and pound the beef with a mallet to thin it out into pieces about 4"x4".  It's easiest to just select a roast the right shape and size. Buy the cheapest roast of the right size since the pickles will tenderize the meat anyways.
For each roll, smear a streak of dijon mustard down one side each piece, lay a carrot stick and pickle spear on the mustard and roll the meat around it.  Secure with a toothpick.
Heat olive oil in dutch oven or heavy roaster.  Coat beef rolls in flour and brown in oil. When browned, set aside and continue with more rolls until all are browned.
Pour tomatoes into pan with drippings and add onions and beef boullion.  Stir until boullion dissolves.  Add back beef rolls, stirring up the tomato sauce to coat and cover pot.  Place in 300 degree oven for approx. 3 hours until you can flake the meat in the rolls with a fork.
This is one of those dishes where the amount you make can vary widely, depending on the number of the beef pieces you start with.  I prefer to make smaller rolls and will commonly cut the pickle spear in half when making the rolls.  You can also use baby carrots instead of carrot sticks. Don't forget to remove the toothpicks before serving!

Submitter: 
springermom
Description: 
Hearty German favorite in our family. Quantities may vary depending on your preferences, but you will find you make a large batch after the first try.  Bake up a roaster full of these rolls and serve them over homemade noodles or mashed potatoes.  They freeze well also!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
