URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62122450/filet-mignon-with-mushroom-cabernet-sauce/
Title:
Filet Mignon with Mushroom-Cabernet Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 or 2 T. of olive oil
2 8-ounce filet mignon steaks about 1-inch thick(or your favorite cut of beef)
1/2 t. of sea salt
1/4 t. pepper
1 T. butter
1 large shallot, chopped (about 1/4 C.)
1 12-ounce package of white mushrooms, sliced
1 cup Cabernet Sauvignon or other dry red wine
1/2 cup beef broth
1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme
1 t. cornstarch
2 T. water

Directions:
Heat a wide non-stick skillet over medium-high heat.
Season steaks on both sides with sea salt and pepper.
Add 1 tablespoon or 2 of oil and add steaks, searing for 2 minutes on each side.
Remove filets to a plate and keep warm.
Turn pan down to medium and melt the tablespoon of butter.
Add sliced mushrooms and chopped shallots to pan, sauteing in butter for about 1-2 minutes or until mushrooms begin to give off their liquid and shallots begin to turn translucent.
Add red wine, beef broth, and fresh thyme to pan along with mushrooms and simmer until liquid begins to reduce.
Return steaks to pan and cook in liquid another 3-5 minutes on each side, or until meat thermometer reads the proper temp. for your chosen doneness.
When steaks are cooked to your liking, remove to a clean plate and cover with foil.
Meanwhile, turn heat back up slightly.
Mix water and cornstarch in a small bowl or cup and add to liquids in pan. Cook for about 30 seconds or until thickened.

Submitter: 
Muffinmom
Description: 
I love pan-searing because it gives the filet mignon steaks that beautiful color and crust on the outside and leaves them so tender inside!  And because of the influence of my husband's French grandmother, I love to cook anything with wine!  The Cabernet and mushrooms, along with fresh thyme, make this absolutely delicious!  Try this!  You'll love it!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
