URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62129728/bloody-mary-short-ribs/
Title:
Bloody Mary Short Ribs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8 Beef Short Ribs
6 Large Carrots, cleaned, cut in thirds
2 Leeks, Green removed, white section rinsed, split in half and sliced
1 Large Yellow Onion, Medium Sliced
1 Bottle (24 oz/750 mil) commercial Bloody Mary Mix (You may use any heat factor, depending on your tastes)
1 Large Can Diced Tomato (28 oz.)
1 Cub Dry Red Wine
1 Cup Beef Stock
Salt & Pepper as needed
2 Tbls. Butter
2 Tbls. Olive Oil
12 oz. Mushrooms, stems removed & cleaned (Approximately 18-20)

Directions:
Salt & Pepper the Short Ribs on each side, set aside.
Cut onion in half and slice
Cut and slice leeks
Heat Large Cast Iron Skillet over Medium High heat, 2-3 minutes
Turn on oven 350 Degrees.
Melt butter with olive oil, saute Onions 3-5 minutes, add leek slices, saute additional 2-3 minutes until all are lightly browned.
Push mix to side of skillet.
Place short ribs in the center of the skillet, brown 3-4 minutes each side.
Move the ribs around in the skillet so that they are seperated, bone side down. Move the onion/leek mixture over and around the beef.
Blend the Bloody Mary Mix, Beef Stock, Red Wine together and pour over the mixture.
Add in the carrots, placing them around the short ribs.
Add in the large can of diced tomato.
Place the skillet in the oven covered. (NOTE: I have a round tray that suitably covers my skillet. If you use aluminum foil consider using wooden skewers to keep the foil away from the tomato and Bloody Mary mix as they will react unpleasantly with the foil.)
Bake for 2 hours. Don't open it or touch it for 2 hours.
After 2 hours, add the mushroom caps to the skillet, cover, and return to the oven for one hour.
Remove from oven and serve.
I serve this with  homemade spaetzel.

Submitter: 
RCHEISS
Description: 
Beef Short Ribs slow braised with Bloody Mary mix and Red wine. 

Note: I would normally use some garlic in this, but it was developed for a good friend who is allergic to garlic.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
