URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62122792/altas-awesome-10-cheese-macaroni-and-cheese/
Title:
Alta's Awesome 10 Cheese Macaroni and Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/322281.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups sharp yellow cheddar cheese, shredded
1 cup extra sharp white cheddar cheese, shredded
1/2 cup mozzerella cheese, grated
1/2 cup provolone cheese, grated
1/2 cup swiss cheese, shredded
1/2 cup asagio cheese, grated
1/2 cup monterey jack cheese, grated
1/2 cup gruyere cheese, grated
1/2 cup muenster cheese, grated
5 jumbo, or 7 large eggs
1/8 teaspoon cream of tarter
1 cup Velvetta, diced
1/2 teaspoon paprika
1 stick real butter, melted
2 cups slightly warmed half & half cream
1 cup slightly warmed whole milk
1 pound elbow macaroni, cooked al dente in salt water, then drained well.
1 tablespoon course ground black pepper
1 cup shredded yellow cheddar cheese, reserved to top casserole with before baking.

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325 degrees.
Note: Be sure to prepare cheeses before cooking the macaroni to insure that the macaroni is still hot when assembling casserole.
I prefer buying the cheeses already grated or shredded to reduce my prep time; otherwise use the grater attachment on your food processor to shred cheeses quickly.
In large bowl, measure and combine the first nine grated and shredded cheeses from the ingredient list, and set aside.
Beat eggs and cream of tarter in blender until frothy, then pour them into a large mixing bowl.
To the eggs, add the Velvetta, paprika, melted butter, half & half, and milk stiring until blended.
Stir in the warm, drained macaroni until well combined.
Add grated cheeses from the bowl and mix well.
Pour this mixture into a large rectangular baking dish sprayed with butter flavored non-stick PAM pan coating.
Sprinkle top of the mixture with black pepper and the remaining 1 cup of yellow shredded cheddar cheese.
Bake for 35 to 40 minutes, or until top is golden brown.
Let stand 10 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Alta Nesbitt Rees Sieker
Description: 
This is truly a decandent endulgance. It utilizes 10 cheeses, and bakes them amongst tender macaroni, real butter, and half & half into a sinfully creamy comfort food dish you'll be sure to make again and again. I get raves everytime I make it. This recipe is a firm, yet creamy macaroni and cheese dish.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
