URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62125326/mensef/
Title:
Mensef Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 medium onion, diced
leg of lamb, chopped in pieces
1 large head of dried yogurt,(jameed in arabic)
1 16 oz of plain yogurt
4 cloves of cardamom cracked
salt to taste add in the very end if needed.
1 pinch of saffron (optional)
2 1/2 cups of medium grain rice
1 cup of almonds, in slivers
1 bunch of parsley, minced
4 loaves of pita bread sliced open

Directions:
1.  Crack the dried yogurt in a contained cloth by beating it, marinate it in water overnight or for about 5 hours.
2.  The next day, add the meat with the onion and cardamom to boil for 45 minutes, until almost tender.
3.  In the meantime soak the rice in water.
4.  Add the soaked dried yogurt into a blender a little at a time and blend until completely smooth.
5.  When done with blending out all the dried yogurt pour it in a pot to boil.  Also add the plain yogurt and saffron.
6.  Stir continuously so the yogurt does not curdle and taste the sauce, the dried yogurt is very salty so do not add salt until you have tasted it when blended well.  If you decide it needs salt, add salt to taste.  Cook the mensef for 15 minutes or when starting to simmer.
Pour the mensef sauce over the meat in the other pot and continue to cook for 15 minutes and taste ensuring the saltiness is balanced.
7.  Add the rice to boiling water in a pot, make sure the water is no more than a 1/2 inch above the rice, add 1 teaspoon of salt, after it boils, cover and cook on medium-low for about 20-25 minutes.  Mid way through you can check on the rice with a fork and stir it around a bit and return the cover to the pot and continue cook.
8.  On a large presentable serving platter add pita bread sides evenly covering the whole platter lightly soak the bread with mensef sauce, then add the rice evenly on top.
9.  Next add the lamb meat on top, soak the rice gently. Ladle about 3 large soup spoon fulls of mensef sauce over the rice.  Garnish with parsley and almonds.
10.  This dish may seem time consuming and lengthy however this is an easier dish than most Arab dishes.  I hope you enjoy this ingredient simple dish that is very easy to make.  Sahtain Arabic for Bon Appetite

Submitter: 
IMANKAY
Description: 
The most traditional Middle Eastern dish out there.  Mensef is cooked in great feasts or for special occasions, important guests, and on holidays.  This is a dish made of yogurt in two forms, dried and regular plain yogurt.  Cooked with the best cuts of lamb or goat and served on top of rice that is garnished with slivers of almonds and parsley for a great festive look.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 h
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
