URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62126268/traceys-maryland-cream-of-crab-soup/
Title:
Tracey's Maryland Cream of Crab Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups milk (any percent, although 2% or whole is best)
2 teaspoons celery salt
5 - 8 oz. packages cream cheese (use less fat if desired)
2 cans (condensed) cream of celery soup
1 envelope Hollandaise sauce mix (such as McCormick brand)
2 sticks of butter (not margarine)
3 tablespoons of seafood seasoning (such as Old Bay)
1 1/2 pints (24 oz.) half & half
2 - 8 oz. containers of heavy whipping cream
3 tablespoons cooking sherry (optional)
2 tablespoons flour
1-2 tablespoons dried parsley flakes (or you can use fresh)
1 1/2 pounds jumbo lump crab meat, plus more for garnish

Directions:
In a small bowl, blend the flour and the hollandaise sauce mix, set aside.
In a large saucepan over low to medium heat, melt butter and the cream cheese (the cream cheese will not melt liquidy, it will just get less lumpy).
Add to the butter and cream cheese, the 2 cans of cream of celery, half and half, and whipping cream, stirring with a whisk until well combined.
Mix in the celery salt and seafood seasoning, stirring occasionally for about 5 or 10 minutes.
Add your flour and hollandaise sauce mixture, stirring to combine.
Add the milk and continue stirring until your soup is hot.  Adjust the soup to your desired consistency, thinning with milk or thickening with a cornstarch and water mixture.
If you add sherry, add that after you have reached your desired consistency.
Fold in the crab meat last, and continue to stir until your soup is hot.
Garnish bowls of soup with extra jumbo lump meat and a sprinkle of seafood seasoning.
Keep your soup hot for company by transferring it to a slow cooker set on high until it heats up, and then set it to low.

Submitter: 
T. Kent
Description: 
After getting tired of trying so many recipes for cream of crab soup and not being happy with any of them, I set out to create my own recipe for cream of crab soup, which is just what I did.  I created this soup to taste as good if not better then famous seafood restaurants around Maryland's Eastern Shore.  This soup is very rich and full of flavor.  Not too bland and not too spicy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
