URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62123832/mama-sues-potato-salad/
Title:
Mama Sue's Potato Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
5 pounds red or Yukon gold potatoes (try to get a bag that has uniform potato sizes)
1 bunch of green onions (sliced fine both green and white part)
1 small purple onion diced fine
1 Doz eggs boiled (10 chopped 2 sliced)
1 bunch of celery (use only the heart chop the leaves and all) about 6 small pieces of celery
1 package of dry hidden valley ranch salad dressing
4 cans of sliced olives or 2 cans of whole (whichever you prefer)
2 T fresh dill chopped fine
1/2 pound bacon cooked well and crumbled
1-2 C Mayonnaise
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
The night before you are going to put the salad together wash each potato well as we are not going to peel them, then place all the potatoes in the microwave and cook them.   Cooking times vary so I always put the timer on for 10 min the first time, check them then set it for 5 min intervals after that until I have the desired consistency.  I prefer my potatoes to be just a little under done so they are just a little firm.  (to me this is the key as is baking.. the starches tend to make the dish creamier than if you were to boil the starches out of the potato)  Let the potatoes cool overnight even chill them in the refrigerator if you have time.  .  Fry your bacon until crisp… place on paper towels to drain and cool and boil your eggs until they are hard boiled.  Just prior to making your salad, chop your onions, celery, dill, and (10) cooled eggs.  Cut your potatoes into bite size pieces (I like to keep mine from ½ to an inch at the most) place the pieces in a large mixing bowl and sprinkle the potatoes with the dry ranch salad mix (the potatoes will absorb some of the flavor) add the onions, celery, olives, and 1 ½ T of the dill.  Crumble the bacon as you add it to the bowl and 10 chopped eggs.   Add the mayonnaise and stir to combine use as much or as little as you prefer (taste it at this point for salt and pepper and add to your liking) place the salad into the bowl that you will serve it in and garnish the top with the (2) remaining sliced eggs and sprinkle with the ½ T remaining dill.  Chill for an hour and serve.
Note:  If you don’t have time to cook the potatoes the night before… fill the sink with cold water put ice you’re your potatoes in there for a quick cool down the same way you would do your boiled eggs…

Submitter: 
HappyAZGirl
Description: 
Everyone has their favorite potato salad recipe... when invited to pot lucks or gatherings this and my pasta sald's are always top of the request list.  Hope you enjoy it as much as our family does.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
12 hrs
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
