URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62127238/double-chocolate-tart/
Title:
Double Chocolate Tart Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
175g Plain Flour
30g Cocoa Powder
50g White Sugar
¼ Teaspoon Salt
125g Unsalted Butter
1 Large Egg Yolk
2 Tablespoons Ice Water
100g White Chocolate melted and cooled.
250g Cream Cheese softened.
250g Mascarpone Cheese
Grated Rind of Half an Orange
Juice of Half an Orange
100mL Double Cream
Approx 500g Strawberries chopped.
1 x 23cm Tart Tin with a loose bottom

Directions:
Grease pie tin with butter. Preheat oven to 180 degrees Celsius.
In a food processor, blitz together flour, cocoa, sugar, and salt
Cut butter into small pieces; add to food processor and pulse until dough turns crumbly.
Add egg yolk and 1 TBSP iced water and mix until dough clumps up. If the dough is still too dry, add the extra water as needed.
Pour dough on to bench surface and push together to form a ball. There is no need to refrigerate before rolling the dough out. I get great results by patting the dough into and up the sides of the tart tin. Once you have a nice even surface, place the crust in the freezer for 1 hour.
Meanwhile, mix the white chocolate, cream cheese, mascarpone, and orange rind and juice together in a bowl until smooth. Gradually drizzle the double cream into the mix. You may not use all the cream, you want a nice thick filling with a bit of a wobble so don’t add all the cream if it is too runny. Refrigerate until needed.
Bake the Tart Shell in the oven for 25 – 30 mins. (Until you can smell the yummy chocolate smell)
Cool the shell completely before smoothing filling into it. Place chopped strawberries on top. (You can use any type of red berry for this)
Refrigerate for approx 1 -2 hours before serving.

Submitter: 
Ange Rayner
Description: 
A delicous dark and white chocolate tart, served brilliantly with strawberries. A decadent treat that i have made so many times, which is great for an induldgent night with the ladies and lots of wine! You can use any type of berries for the topping.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
