URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62123824/southwestern-chicken-soup/
Title:
Southwestern Chicken Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 pounds (+-) of precooked chicken from the deli (the grilled is especially good in this recipe)
2 medium onions diced finely
4 cloves of garlic pressed
3 T butter (you can use oil if you prefer)
1 (15 oz) can black beans
1 (15 oz) can red kidney beans
1 (15 oz) can of white northern beans
1 (15 oz) can of hominy
1 (15 oz) can of Garbanzo beans
1 (15 oz) can of stewed tomatoes
2 quarts of chicken stock (I prefer Swansons)
1 bag of menudo mix (found in the Hispanic food isle)
1 bag of regular size Fritos
1 pound of grated jack cheese
1 bunch of green onions sliced thin
1 bunch of cilantro finely chopped
2 avocados diced or sliced which ever you prefer
Sour cream

Directions:
In a large stock pot melt the butter over a med heat, add onions cook until they are translucent, add the garlic and cook for a minute or 2.  Meanwhile open up all the cans of beans and place them in a strainer and rinse well... allow the beans to drain.   Add the chicken and the entire packet of menudo mix also.   Coat the chicken well, add the tomatoes squishing them in your hands before putting them in the pot.   Take the strainer full of beans and place them in the pot then add the stock and stir (taste for salt and spice to your liking)Bring the pot to a boil then reduce the heat to a simmer for about 10 min.
Serving suggestion:   Ladle soup into bowl add Fritos, then cheese then green onions, a dollop of sour cream, some avocados and then sprinkle with some cilantro...
Cooks Note:   If you cannot get menudo mix where you live take 2 T of ground cumin, 2 T chili powder and 2 T of oregano and place it in a spice grinder.

Submitter: 
HappyAZGirl
Description: 
An easy to make dish that is both pleasing to the pallet as it is the eye... my family loves every time I make it!!  You can feed a BUNCH in under an hour.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
