URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62139100/basic-apple-crisp-quick-easy/
Title:
Basic Apple Crisp (Quick & Easy!) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/548489.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup brown sugar
1 cup quick-cooking oats
1 cup all purpose flour
1/2 cup melted butter
1 tsp pure vanilla
6 medium apples
1/2 cup white sugar
2 tsp. ground cinnamon

Directions:
My own personal tip - using a variety of apples is always nice - a blend of sweet and tart - otherwise I find the Royal Gala apples work great!
Preheat your oven to 350F.
Parchment paper is the big secret to getting your apple crisp to not stick like glue to your pan.
Cut out a square of parchment paper in the shape and size of your square pan.
In a square baking dish (8 x 8) or (9 x 9) spray the bottom with Pam and line with pre-cut parchment paper (make sure it's oven safe paper).
In a bowl mix the brown sugar, oats and flour.
Use a fork to get rid of any lumps from the brown sugar.
Add the melted butter and vanilla.
Stir.
I usually use my hands for this part - mix the ingredients until they are nice and crumbly.
Pour 2/3 the crumbly mixture into your prepared pan.
Pack it down to form a crust.
Peel the apples, cut out the cores (throw away the cores) and slice the pieces of apple (the apple slices should look like little half moons).
Put the apple slices in a bowl.
Add the white sugar and cinnamon to the bowl of apple slices.
Toss gently in the bowl (try not to break the apple slices)
Pour the cinnamon and sugar covered apple slices into the pan (on top of the crust).
Top with the remaining crumb mixture trying to cover all of the apple slices - pat down gently.
Bake 45 minutes in the preheated oven until golden brown on top.
Another quick tip - to brown your apple crisp like in my picture - set your oven to Broil and Broil on High for 30 seconds.  But since all ovens are different and everything is laced with sugar - please turn your oven light on and don't take your eyes off your apple crisp - it may burn in a matter of seconds while using the Broil feature of your oven.

Submitter: 
Nadine
Description: 
Nothing fancy - just a basic recipe to whip up a quick apple crisp for after dinner!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
90 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
