URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62137340/alfredo-stuffed-eggplant/
Title:
Alfredo Stuffed Eggplant Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 	lb	cavatappi or other short pasta
Eggplant Mix:
6	Tb	olive oil
1	sm	red onion, diced
2 	lb	large eggplant(s)
1-2		jalapeno, seeded & chopped (optional)
2-3	cloves	garlic, minced
4	Tb	fresh parsley, chopped, divided use
2	Tb	fresh basil, chopped
1	ts	fresh sage, chopped
1/8	ts	black pepper
1  	ts 	salt, or to taste
Cheese Sauce:
3	Tb	unsalted butter
¼  	cup	flour
1½  	cup	milk, warmed
¼   	ts	hot sauce (optional)
dash		grated nutmeg
½  	ts	salt
8	oz	gruyere cheese, grated, divided use

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Start with one 2-lb eggplant or two 1-lb eggplants.  Cut each eggplant in half lengthwise.  Carefully carve out the fleshy interior without puncturing the skin.  Leave about ½ inch of flesh attached to the skin so the shells will keep their shape.  Chop the flesh into ¼ inch pieces.
Saute chopped onion in olive oil in a large nonstick skillet until softened.  Add chopped eggplant, jalapeno and salt.  Cook over medium heat for 15 minutes or until most of the eggplant juice has evaporated.  Add the garlic, pepper, basil, sage, and half the parsley.  Saute for 2 more minutes.
Preheat milk for 2-3 minutes in a microwave.  Do not boil.  Melt butter in a medium size saucepan.  Add flour and whisk into butter until there are no lumps.  With constant whisking, cook until flour begins to darken slightly (1-2 minutes).  Add warmed milk gradually (keep whisking) and cook for another minute or two until thickened.  Add all but one cup of the grated cheese.  Blend until cheese has melted.  Add hot sauce, nutmeg and salt.  Mix well.
Cook pasta until it is just shy of al dente.  Drain well.  Reheat eggplant if necessary.  Combine eggplant and pasta, then add cheese sauce and mix well.  Spoon pasta mix into eggplant shells, top with reserved cheese and parsley.  Bake for 30 minutes or until browned on top.

Submitter: 
SnagleB
Description: 
I invented this recipe to fool myself into eating eggplant.  It worked!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1+ h
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
