URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62132694/almond-joyful-no-bake-granola-bars/
Title:
Almond "Joyful" No-bake Granola Bars Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups oatmeal (not quick oats)
1/2 cup wheat germ
1/2 cup flaxseed
1/2 cup sunflower seeds (unsalted, shelled)
1 cup chopped almonds
1 1/2 cup shredded coconut
1 cup crisp rice cereal
2/3 cup brown sugar
1/2 cup honey
4 Tbsp butter
1/2 tsp salt
1 tsp almond extract
1 tsp coconut extract
1 cup mini semisweet chocolate chips

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. No, we're not baking these, just toasting some ingredients to bring out their flavor.
Place first five ingredients in jelly roll pan or other large pan with sides. Mix with your hands to combine. Toast in preheated oven for 8 minutes stirring every few minutes.
Turn oven down to 350 degrees. Add coconut to pan and mix well. Return to oven. Continue to stir every few minutes until coconut is light brown (8 to 10 minutes).
Remove from oven and allow to cool. Meanwhile, in a small saucepan combine brown sugar, honey, butter, and salt. Cook over medium heat, stirring often, until sugar is completely melted. Remove from heat and stir in almond and coconut extracts.
Prepare a 9 by 13 baking dish to hold your prepared granola. Line it with a sheet of waxed paper long enough to hang way over the sides. You'll be folding this over the top later to cover the granola. Spray the waxed paper with cooking oil spary.
Dump toasted ingredients into a large bowl. Add crisp rice cereal and chocolate chips at this time and stir to mix. Pour in sugar mixture and mix well to coat. If it's cool enough you can use your hands.
Pour into waxed paper-lined baking dish spreading as evenly as possible. Fold waxed paper over to cover the granola completely (add another piece if you need it). Press down hard with your hands all over the top. You can use another baking dish for this if you like. Set aside and allow to cool 2-3 hours.
When completely cool, turn out onto a large cutting board. Using a large knife and downward pressure cut into 24 bars. Store in plastic baggies or covered containers and enjoy.

Submitter: 
Pam Ziegler Lutz
Description: 
These easy to prepare granola bars are reminiscent of a certain coconut almond candy bar. Change the ingredients as you like to make this recipe your own.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
3.5 h
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
