URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62134514/polo-rosa-maria/
Title:
Polo Rosa Maria Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 skinned, boneless chicken breasts
2 tablespoons olive oil
4 slices prosciutto ham
4 slices fontina cheese
Topping;
8 ounces fresh mushrooms, sliced
3 tablespoons butter, cut in half
3 large cloves garlic, chopped
1/2 sweet onion, chopped
1 small lemon, juiced
1/4 cup white wine
1/2 cup fresh basil, chopped
1/2 teaspoon corn starch
2 teaspoons cold water
1 teaspoon chicken flavored Better Than Bouillon
fresh ground pepper to taste
* If desired, omit bouillon and replace with salt to taste.

Directions:
Coat chicken breasts in olive oil.
Grill over white coals, about 6 minutes each side, until done.
While chicken is cooking, prepare ingredients for topping; chop onions, garlic, basil, split butter, mix water and cornstarch together and juice the lemon.
Remove chicken, and immediately slice breast (butterfly style).
Open breast, put on slice of prosciutto ham and fontina cheese, close breast.
Wrap chicken in foil, place back on grill, off side of fire, to allow procuitto to warm through and fontina to melt.
Prepare topping.
In large skillet, melt 1/2 of the butter at medium high heat, don't let burn.
Add chopped onions, garlic and sliced mushrooms, saute', stirring frequently until onion is translucent and garlic is lightly browned.
Add 1/4 cup white wine, cook for one minute.
Add lemon juice, chopped basil, bouillon, pepper, stir.
Add mixture of corn starch and water, stir.
Add remaining butter, stir.
Plate chicken and top with mushroom mixture.

Submitter: 
Dotty Snyder Grohman
Description: 
My favorite dish from Carraba's restaraunt, but unfortunately they won't share their recipe. The only version I can find on line has a cup of butter, and turns into an oily mess. I have played with this recipe for months now and have finally come up with a much closer version. Delicious.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
