URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62133256/herbed-summer-vegetable-bake/
Title:
Herbed Summer Vegetable Bake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 tbsps olive oil
1 lb zucchini, sliced into ¼ inch thick slices
1 lb yellow summer squash, sliced into ¼ inch thick slices
2 tsps table salt
1 ½ lbs ripe tomatoes, sliced into ¼ inch thick slices
2 large onions, sliced thin
¾ tsp black pepper
2 tbsps minced garlic
1 tbsp fresh thyme leaves, minced
1 cup seasoned bread crumbs
1 cup grated parmesan cheese
¼ cup fresh basil leaves, chopped

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400F.  Brush a 13 by 9 inch baking dish with 1 tbsp olive oil and set aside.
Toss zucchini and squash slices with 1 tsp salt and transfer to a colander set over a small bowl.  Let stand until about 3 tbsps of liquid is released, about 45 minutes.  Arrange slices on triple layer of paper towels.  Firmly press each slice with another layer of paper towels to remove as much liquid as possible.
Place tomato slices on a double layer of paper towels and sprinkle with ½ of the remaining salt.  Let stand 30 minutes, and place second layer of paper towels over top and press firmly to dry tomatoes.
Meanwhile, heat 1 tbsp olive oil in a skillet over medium heat until shimmering.  Add onions,wine, remaining salt, and ¼ tsp pepper, and cook, stirring occasionally until onions are dark golden brown, about 25 minutes.  Set aside.
Combine garlic, 3 tbsps oil, remaining pepper, and thyme in a small bowl.  In a large bowl, toss zucchini and squash in ½ of oil mixture, then arrange in a layer in greased baking dish.  Arrange caramelized onion in even layer over squash.  Slightly overlap tomatoes over top of onions and spoon remaining garlic oil evenly over tomatoes.  Bake until vegetables are tender, and tomatoes are starting to brown on the edges, 40-45 minutes.
Mix together bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese, and remaining tbsp olive oil.  Remove baking dish from oven and increase heat to 450F.  Sprinkle bread crumb mixture over top of tomatoes, and bake until bubbling and cheese is slightly browned, 5-10 minutes.  Sprinkle with basil leaves and allow to sit at room temperature 10 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Linda Glenn
Description: 
This tasty side dish has become a firm family favorite, especially in tyhe summer when the vegetables are fresh from the garden!  Be sure to dehydrate the vegetables as written or you'll end up with a watery mess in the baking dish.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
