URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62132003/mi-mamas-tortilla-espanola-spanish-tortilla---potatoegg-omlete/
Title:
Mi Mama's Tortilla Espanola (Spanish Tortilla - Potato/egg omlete) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup Olive Oil Extra Virgin
2 pounds (about. 4 medium or 2 large) russet potatoes, cubed or sliced
1 large onion (red or white), chopped
4 cloves garlic chopped
Coarse salt
6 large eggs lightly beaten
Coarse salt and pepper to taste
Chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley or chives for garnish

Directions:
Heat the oil in a large non-stick skillet (10-inches wide and with sloping sides about 2-inches deep) over moderate heat. Peel the potatoes and cut them into small cubes or you can slice them if you'd prefer.
NOTE: Do not put potatoes in water.
Add the potatoes, onions and garlic to the skillet. Salt the potatoes to taste. Reduce the heat to moderately low, and cook approximately 10 to 12 minutes, lifting and turning the potatoes occasionally, until they are tender but not brown and the potatoes are cooked through (they should remain separate and not in a cake).
NOTE: Cook the potatoes in the olive oil slowly, in a frying pan without really frying or browning them. They should have no color to them at all, just a pale almost transparent color.
Remove the potatoes and onion with a slotted spoon to a baking sheet lined with paper towels, and let them drain. Pour the oil out of the skillet into a cup; wipe out the skillet and remove any pieces of onions or potatoes stuck to it (it will be used again to set the omelet and must be completely clean to avoid sticking).
In a large bowl, beat eggs until they are light and slightly foamy; season to taste with salt and black pepper. Carefully add the potatoes and onions; gently pressing them down so that they are completely covered by the eggs. Let the mixture stand for 10 to 15 minutes (if you want - not completely necessary - but I find it make a more compact tortilla that sticks together better in the end).
Add 3 tablespoons of the reserved oil back to the skillet. Heat the oil in the skillet over moderate heat until, then add the potato and egg mixture, spreading the potatoes evenly around the pan. Reduce the heat to low, and shake the pan often and run a spatula around the side and bottom to make sure the omelet is not sticking. After approximately 8 to 10 minutes, when the omelet is cooked 3/4 of the way through (top is no longer liquid) and the bottom is beginning to brown (or you can see bubbles rising from the middle of the egg mixture), place a large plate over the pan and invert the omelet onto the plate.
Add 2 additional tablespoons of the reserved oil to the hot skillet. Gently slide the omelet (cooked side up) back into the skillet, and cook for approximately 5 minutes or until cooked through and the underside is moderately browned. Remove from heat, transfer omelet to a large plate (omelet will slide out of the skillet onto the plate), and let come to room temperature. -- or you can eat it hot like I do... my mom and many people in spain prefer it cold or room temperature - but I prefer it hot off the skillet.
When ready to serve, you can serve alone, or with a toasted baguette, or with "pisto"... I prefer it with the pisto on top and with a slice of toasted baguette.

Submitter: 
Vanessa Moore
Description: 
Don't let the potato and egg in the title fool you. This very traditional Spanish dish is best served at room temperature or cold, eaten in Spain as a side dish or an appetizer, it's sure to delight kids and adults alike! Add, ham, green peppers, tomatos or anything you want into the mix for a twist on the original!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
