URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62135295/crawfish-etouffee-georgia-style/
Title:
Crawfish Etouffee Georgia Style Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 stick unsalted butter
2 cups fine chopped Vandalia onions
3 tablespoons chopped green onions or leeks
1 cup fine chopped celery root (peeled)
1/2 cup rough chopped red, green, yellow bell peppers
1 pound peeled fresh or frozen crawfish tails
2 teaspoons minced garlic
2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley
3 bay leaves
1 1/2 tablespoon flour
1/2 cup chicken stock (low salt)
1/2 cup water
1 teaspoon smoked Fleur De Sel (kosher salt)
Pinch of cayenne to taste

Directions:
This is where it all comes down to taking your time and go slow. Use a big saute pan or iron skillet and over medium high heat, melt the non-salted butter. Keep in mind to melt the non-salted butter to fast or you risk turning it brown and giving it a burnt hair taste. Add the onions, celery root, and bell pepper mix and saute until the vegetables are wilted but not soggy. Now add the room temperature crawfish, garlic, and whole bay leaves. You must reduce the heat to medium or less. This is the point you need to simmer thing in order to meld the flavors and just cook the crawfish. Simmer for around 10 to 12 minutes, stirring occasionally. Dissolve the flour in the water and chicken stock. Add the crawfish mixture. Season with salt and cayenne. Stir until the mixture thickens, about 4 minutes. Stir in the parsley and green onions or leeks and continue cooking for 2 minutes. Serve over steamed rice.
METHOD #2 My French way is to use a saucepan with a tight fitting lid to etouffee, (French for smother). There is also a few added ingredients. Season crawfish tails with smoked fleur de sel and crushed black and white pepper, then set aside. Melt non-salted butter, add vandalia onion, chopped celery root and cook over medium heat until very tender. Stir in the flour, blend well with a wisk and cook off for a few moments or till there is no flour taste. Slowly stir in water and chicken stock, 1/8 cup of crawfish fat, 2 tsp lemon, 1 heaping tablespoon of tomato paste and garlic. Cook slowly, about 20 minutes, and add a little more water occasionally.
When sauce is done, add crawfish tails, cover with lid. Cook 8 to 10 minutes. Season again, to taste. In a new pan saute the green onion or leeks, peppers and parsley, cook 2 to 5 minutes or longer till tender. Add all you sauteed ingredients to your large pan with a lid and cook for 5 minutes to meld flavors.
Serve on steamed rice. Garlic bread and green salad is a good companion to this crawfish etouffee. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
ChefScire
Description: 
This is a recipe that is often a asked for at the restaurant I work at. they never let us make it, but we get asked by guests a lot.
We are a full service french restaurant. This is a home favorite with my wife and kid. Almost as good as rabbit and pig! It is a etouffee to love, thick, rich, and full of taste.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30min
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
