URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62139077/bobs-pulled-pork-on-a-smoker/
Title:
bob's pulled pork on a smoker Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1-8 pound pork shoulder,                          bob's dry bbq rub:
5 tbls white sugar
5 tbls light brown sugar
2 tbls kosher salt
1 tbls onion powder
1 tbls fresh ground pepper
2 tbls paprika
1 tbls garlic powder
apple cider or apple juice for the brine
medium onion
hickory chips

Directions:
start with the brine. place the pork shoulder in a vessel to hold it such as a crock pot. add enough apple cider to cover the shoulder then remove the shoulder and add 1/4 cup dry rub to the cider and stir to mix, place the shoulder back in the brine, cover, and refrigerate for 12 hours.
remove shoulder from the brine and rub the dry bbq rub all over the shoulder to coat.
take the brine and add the chopped onion along with 1/4 cup of dry rub and pour into the water pan of the smoker, adding more apple cider as needed to keep the shoulder moist.
place the shoulder on rack in center of the smoker.
take 3 handfuls of hickory wood chips and place in a bowl of cold water and soak for 30 minutes and drain.
keep smoker around 210 degrees F and add soaked wood chips every 30 minutes.(1 handful per hour) add coals and liquid until an internal tempeture of the center of the shoulder is 190 F.
smoke is the key to breaking down the fat and collagen which adds flavor
and moisture to the shoulder.
allow 30 minutes to cool before shredding shoulder with forks or fingers.
place in a bun with your favorite bbq sauce.
rule of thumb, 1 hour smoking per pound of pork shoulder.
sauce: recommend bourbon whiskey bbq sauce from this site.

Submitter: 
bobthecook1
Description: 
this is the correct way to smoke a pork shoulder with professional results. from the brine to the rub and sauce to the rave reviews you will receive
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
12 h
Ready in:
20 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
