URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62139306/layered-honey-cake/
Title:
Layered Honey Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Cake
10 tbsp of honey
20 tbsp of milk
10 tbsp of white sugar
5 tbsp of shortening
2 tbsp of baking powder
1-2 cups of flour
Filling
1/2 cup of unsalted butter
1 package of cooked vanilla pudding
1 small pacakage of instant vanilla pudding
1 square of semi-sweet chocolate

Directions:
Dough
In a double boiler combine honey, milk, sugar and shortening.
Bring to a boil, then remove off heat and add in baking powder.
Place back on heat and add in flour a 1/2 cup at a time until a soft dough is formed.  More or less flour might be required. If more flour is required after adding in 2 cups, add more flour by 1 tbsp at a time until soft dough is formed.
Remove from pan and place on a floured surface.  Knead 10 times and wrap with plastic wrap.
Filling
Prepare the cooked vanilla pudding as directed on the package.
Once thick add the butter and stir until melted.
Take off heat and stir in the instant vanilla pudding, it might be lumpy so you might have to add a little more milk to make smooth.
Layers
Split the dough ball into 3 equal parts.
Take one piece and roll out into a large rectangle.  It should be as large as the back of a cookie sheet.
Place foil on the back of a cookie sheet and place rolled out dough on top.
Bake until golden.
Repeat these steps for the other two part of dough.
Once the cake part is all baked you can take one layer and spread the filling all over evenly.
Place the second layer on top of the first and spread more filling on top.
Place the final layer on top of the second layer and pour the rest of filling on top.
Once done then grate the square of chocolate on top.
Poke toothpicks into the cake and place plastic wrap over.
Let the cake rest over night to soften.
In the morining the layers of cake will be soft, mosit and doubled in thickness.

Submitter: 
Jenniferm1
Description: 
This recipe does take quite a bit of work but it's a wonderful, rich dessert.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
24 h
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
