URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62133015/roasted-vege-chickpea-and-feta-salad/
Title:
Roasted Vege, Chickpea and Feta Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups fresh brocolli (dont use frozen as it will not crisp, substitute green beans for brocolli if fresh is not available because this is what adds the crunch!)
2 cups peeled, cubed pumpkin, (dry variety such as Crown is best)
1 cup fresh beetroot, peeled and cubed
1 large onion, chopped
2 cloves fresh garlic, chopped finely
olive oil
125gm feta cheese
dressing:
1/3 cup balsamic vinegar
2 tablespoons olive oil
juice of 2 lemons
1/2 teaspoon salt
freshly ground pepper to taste
2 teaspoons runny honey

Directions:
Preheat oven to 180 degrees celsius fan bake and roast the pumpkin and beetroot in 1-2 tablespoons olive oil with dried basil until it is browned and cooked through, around 25 minutes.
While veges are cooking gently fry the onion and garlic in 1 tablespoon olive oil until soft, it is important not to let it brown as this will make the salad bitter.
Remove veges from the oven when cooked, remove from pan and salt lightly and leave to drain on kitchen paper.
Bring a pot of water to a strong boil and blanch the brocolli for about 1 minute, until tender but not soft, when bright green remove from the heat and run cold water over it to stop it cooking further.
Combine the roast veges, onion and garlic and brocolli in a bowl then crumble the feta cheese over the top.
Whisk all the dressing ingredients together  and pour over the top of the salad. Very gently fold the salad together with a wooden spoon. The beetroot may turn the feta a pink colour if it is left to stand, but this can look quite pretty!
Serve the salad chilled in summer and warm in winter, with a dollop pf plain unsweetened yoghurt or some sour cream.

Submitter: 
Emma Jansen
Description: 
Ths is a rich roasted vegetable salad that is just the right combination of sweet and sharp. It makes a beautiful side dish at a bbq served chilled, or is a soothing winter meal in itself served warm with crusty bread.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
