URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62136313/cream-filled-shortbread-cookies/
Title:
cream filled shortbread cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/326242.jpg
Ingredients:
Shortbread Ingredients
4 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature
1/2 cup powdered sugar
1/2 cup granulated sugar
2 teaspoons vanilla extract (or almond)
4 cups all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
Cream filling ingredients
2 sticks unsalted butter
1 tsp vanilla
approx 5 cups powdered sugar
whole milk - approx 1 tablespoon or desired consistency
Food coloring (optional)

Directions:
For the shortbread: Oven to 300 degrees - middle rack
In the bowl of your mixer, cream the butter.
Add the powdered & granulated sugar and continue to cream until completely smooth - a couple of minutes.
Mix in vanilla extract.
With mixer on low, add the flour & salt.
Mix just until incorporated.
Divide your dough into 2 sections. Roll each section out between 2 pieces of parchment or wax paper until desired thickness 1/8 - 1/4".
Slide the paper & rolled out dough onto a cookie sheet & place the whole thing in the freezer. Leave in there for about 15 minutes. When the dough is extremely chilled, it's much easier to cut and handle.
Remove dough from freezer and loosen the wax/parchment paper on each side. (Roll out other section of dough & then place that one in the freezer).
Using a small round/square/ or heart cutter (about 2 or 3") cut your cookies and place them on a parchment lined cookie sheet.
Bake for about 15 minutes or until cookies are dry but not browned.
Remove from oven - slide parchment onto cooling rack and completely cool.
(If you do not want the hassle of rolling out cookie dough, you can roll the dough into balls and slightly flatten them before putting them into the oven OR you can use a cookie scoop.)
For cream filling:
Cream 2 sticks of butter in mixer.
Add the vanilla.
Add powdered sugar.
Add milk.
If icing is too thin - add more sugar, if it's too thick, add milk till desired thickness.
Add food coloring if desired.
To assemble:
Make sure cookies are completely cooled.
It's easiest to pipe the icing on from a piping bag. Pipe icing onto one side of the cookie and sandwich another cookie on top. If not using a piping bag - then just spread icing on with a butter knife.
Lightly press.
Let sit for an hour or so t

Submitter: 
nilla
Description: 
Crisp shortbread cookies filled with a smooth, delicious & colorful butter cream. Makes a delightful gift.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
30
Nutritional Facts:
NA
