URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62130892/chicken-cordon-bleu-with-honey-mustard-sauce/
Title:
Chicken Cordon Bleu with Honey Mustard Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/352963.jpg
Ingredients:
6 large  boneless/skinless chicken breasts
Fresh bread crumbs (1/2 loaf french bread processed into crumbs then toasted at 225 degrees for 25 mins.) will keep 2-3 days
1 cup flour seasoned with teaspoon salt and teaspoon white pepper
3 eggs beaten with 1 tablespoon water
3 slices swiss cheese
6 slices honey or brown sugar ham
Salt and white pepper
Oil for frying
FOR THE SAUCE
1 cup cream
1 cup whole milk
1/2 cup dijon mustard
1/4 cup honey
1/2 cup dry white wine

Directions:
Cut sideways into the thick part of the breast with a sharp knife, but don't cut all the way through and open the breast up. You should have 2 thin filets that are still attached on 1 side.
Season with salt and white pepper, then lay 1/2 slice of swiss on 1 side of breast then fold ham slice in thirds and lay atop cheese.  Fold other half of breast over to enclose making sure no filling is showing.
Dredge in seasoned flour shaking off excess then coat in egg wash.
Thoroughly coat with bread crumbs especially on all open edges and place on foil lined pan and refigerate at least 30 mins. Prepare sauce by whisking together all ingredients. Pour into a nonstick pan and simmer for 15-20 min till thickened, stirring often to prevent skim from forming on top.
Add oil to a fry pan to about 1/2 inch depth and heat over med.-med. high.
Add chicken 2 at a time to oil and fry for about 2 1/2-3 mins per side till deep golden brown adjusting heat as needed.
Drain on paper towels then place on a cookie sheet
Bake in 375 degree oven for 8 mins.  Remove and let them rest for a few mins.
Serve with sauce spooned over top.
Great with garlic mashed potatoes on the side

Submitter: 
Ken from CA
Description: 
This version is a hit every time I make it. The tangy sweet sauce is great with other chicken too. The fresh bread crumbs really make a difference, but you can substitute panko crumbs in a pinch.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 h 30
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
