URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62135848/authentic-homemade-yogurt/
Title:
Authentic Homemade Yogurt Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 quart whole milk
1 quart half & half
1 pint whipping cream (optional)
1/2 - 3/4 cup plain yogurt with live cultures
(Recommend Mountain High or an organic Greek variety)

Directions:
On your kitchen counter, lay four dish towels in a cross pattern, each with one end overlapping a few inches in the center.
Position a large baking dish or glass mixing bowl in the center of the towels.
Set plain yogurt starter out to warm while preparing milk mixture.
Combine milk and half & half in a large, heavy, non-aluminum pot.
Heat over low to moderate heat, stirring constantly until mixture just comes to the boil.
Immediately remove from heat and pour mixture into the waiting bowl.
Add 1 pint whipping cream, if desired.
Allow mixture to cool to 112 degrees (Farenheit)
When the milk mixture is cooled, a little at a time add one cup of the warm milk to the yogurt starter, mixing well to acclimate the starter.
Once combined, add the starter to the warm milk mixture and stir well.
Cover with plastic wrap.
Wrap towels up and over the bowl, covering completely.
Let stand for 8-12 hours until firmly set.
Refrigerate several hours until thoroughly chilled or overnight.
Before serving, reserve 1/2 cup or so to use as a start for your next yummy batch.  Each generation you make becomes just a little more tart.
For a delicious and healthy snack, set some of your finished yogurt to drain over a bowl in a mesh strainer for 24 hours, draining off the whey as it collects in the bowl.
Once drained, add salt to taste and spread on fire-roasted tomato Triscuits.  Yummy, Yummy!!

Submitter: 
Sherylann Hope Sharoian
Description: 
Yogurt is a staple in Armenian cuisine.  This authentic recipe for homemade yogurt that has been passed down in my husband's family for many generations.  I've updated with measurements and temperatures to insure a successful recipe every time.  It's fast, easy and economical! I always try to keep some on hand but this recipe is so versatile and delicious it's sometimes hard to keep up with the demand!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
24 h
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
