URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62139999/proper-fish-and-chips/
Title:
Proper Fish and Chips Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the Fish:
Peanut oil for frying
2 cups all purpose flour
1 3/4 cups fresh from the refrigerator ice-cold lager-style or pale-ale style beer
2 pounds large (organic) Pollock or haddock fillets, cut into 6-ounce pieces
Sea Salt and White or Pink ground pepper
For the potatoes:
Peanut Oil for frying
8 large red skinned potatoes, skinned and cut into chips (fries) about as thick as your index finger
Acidulated Water (Enough water to cover the chips, with a few tablespoons of acid (lemon juice or vinegar) added to it.
Sea Salt and Malt Vinegar

Directions:
For the fish:
1. Preheat deep fat fryer to 360 degrees F.
2. Whisk together 1 1/2 cups of flour and the beer until thouroughly mixed.
3. Dust the fish pieces in the remaining 1/2 cup of flour (shaking off excess), then dip in batter, covering completely.
4. Drop fish in oil being careful not to crowd the fryer. You may want to work in batches. Fry the fish until golden brown on both sides. Drain thouroughly on a screen or paper towels, then salt and pepper to taste.  If not preparing the chips at the same time, then keep warm in oven while preparing chips.
For the Chips:
1 Preheat the fryer to 325 degrees F.
2. Allow chips to sit in water with a small amount of acid (vinegar or lemon juice) while you prepare the fryer.
3. In batches to fit your fryer, drain the potatoes of water completely, then lower in the fat, shaking often. Cook for 10 minutes (Potatoes should be cooked through, and moist to the centre).  Do until all the potatoes are done.
4. Let them drain as you heat the fat to 375 Degrees F.
5. Working in batches, return them to the fryer for 3-4 minutes, or until golden and crisp.
6. Allow to drain, then add Salt and Vinegar to taste.

Submitter: 
wsf
Description: 
This is a recipe I borrowed from a friend whose family owned a chain of chip shops on the Northside.  The chips (french fries to the yanks) are moist and thick, with a soft centre, while the fish is steamed inside a crispy lager-battered coating!  Using a cold beer guarantees a fluffier, yet still crispy, batter. The double frying of the chips gives them a moist centre, while staying crispy outside, and the acidulated water keeps the potatoes from going brown while you cook them in batches. Just add malt vinegar and Maldon's Sea Salt, and you are sorted!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
