URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62134975/peanut-butter-jelly-thumbprint-cookies/
Title:
Peanut Butter & Jelly Thumbprint Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 2/3c All purpose Flour
1/2t Baking Soda
1/4t Salt
1/2c Unsalted Butter
2/3c Creamy regular PB (not low fat)
1/2c Sugar
1/2c Brown Sugar
1/2t Vanilla
1 egg
3/4c Seedless Jelly, such as Red Rasberry Jam or Grape Jelly (I do not recommend jelly with chunks of fruit, like strawberry)

Directions:
1 Sift Flour, Baking Soda and Salt in small bowl.  Set aside
2 In mixer on medium speed, cream butter, peanut butter, both sugars and vanilla until light and fluffy (about 1-2 minutes).  Scrape the bowl with a spatula.
3 Add egg, beat on medium until blended.  Scrape the bowl.
4 Add dry mix, beat on low until blended.  Scrape the bowl and mix a few seconds more.
5  Dish out 2tb rounded cookies (or use a medium cookie scoop), and arrange on a cookie sheet, cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours (overnight ideal).
6 Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
7 Line cookie sheets with parchment and bake cookies for 11 minutes.
8 While cookies are baking stir the jelly until it is a syrupy consistency.
9 When the timer is done, using a soda bottle cap (20oz or 2 liter) push into the center of the cookies to make an indentation, until the cookies begin to bulge out and crack.
10  Fill each indentation with approx 1 t of jelly, or enough to just fill it.
11 Bake cookies for 7 minutes longer.
12 Cool on the pan completely until they are fully hardened, then move to a cooling rack.
Note: Attempting to move the cookies prior to cooling completely will cause them to break.

Submitter: 
Grace Gutberlet
Description: 
These cookies are great for kids of all ages.  I usually always double the recipe when I make them.  
Using a cookie scoop and soda bottle cap to make the indentations results in uniform cookies, which make a nice presentation.  But you can improvise with other lids, just aim for something about the size of a quarter.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
30
Nutritional Facts:
NA
