URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62138875/whole-wheat-pizza-margherita/
Title:
Whole-Wheat Pizza Margherita Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Crust:
1 package (1/4 ounce) active dry yeast
1 cup warm water
1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil
2 teaspoons salt
2 1/2 cups whole-wheat flour, plus additional for kneading
Topping:
2 large tomatoes, thinly sliced, then cut into half circles
8 ounces part-skim mozzarella, thinly sliced into half circles
Extra-virgin olive oil (optional garnish)
8 fresh basil leaves, thinly sliced
Dash of cornmeal for pizza stone

Directions:
In a medium mixing bowl, combine yeast and warm water; let sit until yeast foams, about 5 minutes. Stir in oil and salt. Add flour, 1/2 cup at a time, mixing with a large spoon, until dough comes away from the side of the bowl and holds together.
Sprinkle additional flour onto work surface. Turn out the dough and knead about 5 minutes, until it is smooth and springy, adding only enough flour to keep it from sticking to the board.
Form dough into a ball; place in a medium bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and put in a warm place. Let rise until doubled in size, about 2 hours.
To make pizza: Preheat oven to 475°F. Place dough on lightly floured work surface; flatten with your hand. Using floured rolling pin, roll dough outward from the center. Form dough into a circle or rectangle about 1/4-inch thick.
Sprinkle pizza stone or baking sheet with cornmeal. Lay crust on stone or sheet. Lay alternating slices of tomato and cheese on top of the crust, slightly overlapping each piece. Lightly drizzle with additional oil, if desired.
Let pizza rest 10 minutes. (This step can be skipped, but it makes for the crispiest crust.) Place pizza in oven and bake 20 minutes, or until cheese is melting and browning a bit. Sprinkle pizza with sliced basil leaves.

Submitter: 
Nurse Ellen so not a
Description: 
Sometimes nothing satisfies like a slice of cheesy pizza. This one's made with a whole-wheat crust and part-skim mozzarella, so it's ideal for people wanting to eat a little more healthy.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
