URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62137471/ground-beef-stroganoff/
Title:
Ground Beef "Stroganoff" Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/4 pound	 ground beef
1 tsp.	mustard powder
1 T.	unsalted butter
1 T.	extra virgin olive oil
1 	medium onion, minced
1 	8oz. package white mushrooms, sliced
1	large clove garlic, minced
1	28oz can cream of mushroom soup (such as Progresso Creamy Mushroom soup)
1 tsp.	Worcestershire sauce
1 tsp.	“Better Than Bouillon” vegetable bouillon
1 T	fresh flat leaf parsley, chopped (or 1 tsp. dried)
salt and pepper to taste
½	package wide egg noodles

Directions:
Over medium heat, slowly brown the ground beef. Browning the beef over too high of a heat setting will cause the beef to give off a lot of juice, resulting in a dry and flavorless meat. As the meat begins to brown, add the mustard powder. When the meat still has a very slightly pinkish hue to it, drain what juices have rendered out and transfer the meat to a dish to stay warm.
Still over medium heat, add the butter and olive oil. When the butter has melted and stopped foaming, add the onion, mushrooms and garlic. Saute until soft, about 3-4 minutes.
Return the beef to the skillet and add the mushroom soup, the worcestershire sauce and the bouillon. Stir gently to mix.
Reduce heat to medium-low and cook approximately 13 minutes, or until the sauce has thickened, occasionally tasting throughout this step to adjust for flavor.
While the stroganoff is cooking, cook the noodles according to the package.
When the stroganoff has finished cooking, stir in the parsley. (Don’t do this until after the 13 minutes!)
In a large plate, layer egg noodles. Add the stroganoff to the center of the pile of noodles and top with a light sprinkle of the remaining parsley. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Alex M.
Description: 
This is a variation on the classic stroganoff. A can of creamy mushroom soup replaces sour cream and tinned mushrooms to give a flavor that makes people think you spent all day cooking! One word of advice, don't substitute prepared mustard for the powder - it isn't the same!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
