URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62137587/cheesy-ham-and-spinach-quiche/
Title:
Cheesy Ham and Spinach Quiche Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pkg. refrigerated pie crusts (2 crusts)
8 extra large eggs
3/4 cup reduced fat sour cream
1 cup 2% milk
3/4 – 1 cup ham, diced small  (you can substitute crisp   crumbled bacon or diced Canadian bacon or a mixture)
1 Tbls. butter
1/2 cup finely diced onion
1/4-1/2  cup finely diced red bell pepper (depending on how much you like peppers)
1 box frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed almost dry
1 cup grated Gruyere cheese
1/2 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese
3 Tbls. chopped fresh parsley
a pinch of dried thyme
salt and pepper to taste  (about 1/2 Tbls. each)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375º F.
Cook bacon and crumble if using or just finely dice the ham or Canadian bacon and set aside.
In a skillet with butter, sauté the onions and peppers until softened, then add the spinach.
Cook 1 more minute, lightly seasoning this mixture with salt and pepper.
In a large bowl, whisk eggs with milk and sour cream.
Add the thyme and parsley and lightly season with salt and pepper.
Place pie crusts into pans.
Divide the meat(s) into the pie pans, spreading evenly over the bottom.
Divide the spinach/onion mixture between the pans, spreading evenly.
Divide the cheeses between the pans, spreading evenly.
Now pour the egg mixture into each pie pan, dividing evenly.
Try to make sure the cheeses are all submerged in the egg mixture.
Bake on the middle shelf of the oven for about 45 minutes, or until the top is slightly puffed,  golden brown , and a knife inserted, comes out mostly clean.
Let stand 10 minutes before serving hot.
Leftovers can be enjoyed cold the next day.

Submitter: 
Cyndi K.
Description: 
Loaded with meat and cheese, this is a wonderful quiche to serve warm for dinner or cold the next day. Gruyere is not as sharp as Swiss cheese, so the flavors blend better. This recipe makes two 9 1/2 inch pies and uses refrigerated crusts to make it easier.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20-25 min
Ready in:
70 min
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
