URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62139921/jewish-apple-cake-from-bubbas-recipe-box/
Title:
Jewish Apple Cake from Bubba's Recipe Box Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
5 – 6 large apples — Rome apples are best, Granny Smith if you like it a little more tart
3 cups Flour - unsifted
2 cups Sugar
1 cup Oil
4 Eggs
1 Tbls. Vanilla
1 Tbls. Baking powder
1/4 cup Orange Juice
1 tsp. Salt

Directions:
Peel, core and cube apples, sprinkle generously with mixture of approximately 3/4 cup sugar and 1 teaspoon cinnamon. Set aside.
Start with beating eggs and sugar, then alternately adding combined flour/salt/baking powder and oil.
Add orange juice, then vanilla. Beat at medium speed till all ingredients are thoroughly combined and batter is smooth. (Batter will be very heavy.)
Pour half of the batter into a large greased and floured tube pan - Baker's Joy is excellent.
Cover with 1/2 of apple/cinnamon mixture; pour other half of batter on top of that, finishing with remaining apples.
Bake at 350 degrees for 1 1/2 to 1 3/4 hours, (start testing for doneness at 1 1/2 hours) until toothpick or tester comes out clean.
Top of cake should be golden (or darker, if you like) brown.
Do not overbake, since this will make the cake a bit too dry.
Do not double recipe.
NOTES AND HINTS: I'm usually very liberal with the orange juice and vanilla. For example, I add a few extra drops of vanilla, and a couple of teaspoons extra orange juice. Also, I have used a variety of apples, and I found that Rome apples are best.
Also, after the apple/cinnamon mixture has been sitting awhile it will create a small amount of juice on the bottom of the bowl. I drizzle this juice on top of the cake as a finishing touch. It gives the top of the cake a nice sheen and adds a little more sweetness.

Submitter: 
Janyce
Description: 
There are very few Jewish Apple Cake recipes on here, so after writing a review for the best one I could find and adding my own tips, I found that 111 people used them. So here is my version of the best Jewish Apple Cake out there (it was handed down to me by my grandmother). I've been making this cake for 37 years now. It is a foolproof recipe and a sure crowd-pleaser.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 - 30 mi
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
