URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62137662/pain-de-campagne-country-french-bread/
Title:
Pain de Campagne-Country French Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Poolish (Bread starter)
1/2 teaspoon yeast
1/2 Cup warm water
3/4 cup whole wheat flour
Bread
2 1/2 cups warm water
1/2 teaspoon yeast
5 1/2 to 6 1/3 cups unbleached white bread flour
1 tablespoon kosher salt

Directions:
Poolish
Dissolve yeast in water, then stir in flour until mixture becomes a thick batter.
Beat for about 100 strokes to form long stands of gluten.  Cover bowl with damp cloth and let sit for at least 2 hours at room temp.
Longer is better, up tp 8 hours.  Or let the poolish ripen in the fridge for 12-15 hours.  Keep in mind the poolish much become room temp again before you can make the bread.
Bread
When the poolish is ready it will be bubbly and lose with the smell of fermentation.
Scrape poolish into a large bowl, add remaining water and yeast.  Stir until poolish is broken up and the mixture is frothy.
Add flour 1 cup at a time until dough becomes to difficult to stir.
Turn out on to well-floured surface and kneed for 10-12 mins. Adding flour if needed.
Sprinkle salt over dough an kneed in for additional 5-7 min.
At first the dough will be quite sticky but don't add more flour than absolutely necessary.
When you press your finger into the dough and it springs back it's ready.  Shape in to a ball and cover with a damp cloth while you clean and oil the bowl.
Place dough in oiled bowl, coating the dough ball with oil.  Cover with damp cloth and let rise at room temp until doubled in size, 2-3 hours.
Deflate the dough and let rest for 30 min.  Cut in to 2 pieces and shape into baguettes.  Place on heavily floured cloth with fold in between the loves.
Dust top with flour, cover with damp towel and let rise for 2 hours.
Place on baking sheet dusted with cornmeal and make several di

Submitter: 
violet
Description: 
I got this recipe out of a novel and made some minor changes.  It is a yummy French bread that is worth the wait.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
