URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62137631/firecracker-shrimp-bowties/
Title:
Firecracker Shrimp Bowties Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb frozen raw shrimp
1 cup snap peas
1-2 tomatoes deseeded and chopped.
4 tbsp jarred pesto
A good healthy drizzle of olive oil
1 lb bowtie pasta (also called farfalle)
1/2 tsp Garlic powder
Dried red chili flakes
Salt and pepper

Directions:
Get your shrimp running under cold water in a colander for 5 minutes to defrost them.  Also put on a big pot of water and salt it for your pasta.
While you are waiting for your shrimp to defrost and water to boil, you can start de-stringing your pea pods.  This is the only tedious part.  Grab the tip of one end and pull the string until it comes out the other end.  Do this to all your pea pods and then cut them in half. Deseed your tomato and chop.
Put your pasta in the boiling water.  De-shell the shrimp once they are defrosted as well as remove the tail.  Put a frying pan on medium-high heat with a tablespoon or so of olive oil.  Once the pan is nice and hot, throw in your shrimp and season with salt, pepper, chili flakes (to taste) and garlic powder.  They should really only take 1 to 2 minutes to cook.  You just want them to have barely turned pink.  Remove them from the pan onto a plate and add your pea pods to the frying pan.  Sauté for 2 to 3 minutes and then add the tomatoes and sauté for another 1 or 2 minutes.  You can then turn off the heat, add the pesto and a good healthy dose of olive oil (probably about a 1/4 cup).  It’s an olive oil based sauce so be pretty liberal with it.  You can also add your shrimp back to the sauce.
Once the pasta has cooked to al dente, drain and add the veggie/shrimp/olive oil sauce.  Dish up and sprinkle with a bit of parmesan.  Serve with a nice crusty bread or garlic bread to mop up the delicious pesto oil.

Submitter: 
The Meal Planner
Description: 
My favorite pasta dish at East Side Mario’s is these Firecracker Shrimp Bowties.  I eat it every time I go there, and one day realized it would be really easy to recreate at home.  And it totally is and it tastes just like the real thing!  The thing I love about this pasta is there is no heavy cream, lots of veggies and it all comes together in the time it takes to boil the pasta.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
20 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
