URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62131136/winning-chile/
Title:
Winning Chile Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3-6 oz of chorrizo or breakfast sausage
3lb beef tri-tip
med minced onion
2 cans broth
1 tsp oregano
3 tbls cumin
5 cloves of garlic
dash of garlic powder
dash of onion powder
8 tbsp of chile powder - combine hot & mild California & New Mexico chile powders if you can find them or just use regualr ol' red chile powder
1 can tomatoe sauce
1 can green chilis
3-5 dehydrated peppers of choice - boiled and pureed
1 tsp pepper
1 tsp tabasco
1-2 tsp cayenne
1 tsp salt
1 tsp brown sugar
juice of one 1 lime
Mole sauce (Optional but delicious)

Directions:
Brown the sausage, pat it dry to get some of the oil off it, and set it aside
Heat a little oil in a deep stock pot and brown the beef in batches.
Add cooked sausage and beef, the minced onion, and enough beef or otehr type of broth to cover the meat.  Boil for 15 min.
Reduce to simmer and add oregano, half the cumin (1.5tbsp), and the crushed or minced garlic.
Combine the chile powders into a mixture and add half (4 tbsp).
Cook for 20 min
Add tomatoe sauce, large can of green chiles and the puree of chiles
Simmer 2 hour stir occasionally, adding broth as needed.  Tip don't mix too much or the chunks of beef will break up more than you want.
Add remaining chile powder mixture (4 tbsp), cumin (1.5tbsp), and pepper, mole optional
Simmer 1 hour
Now turn up heat to light boil and add cayenne, tabasco, sugar, lime, and salt
Simmer for 15-20 min
Take off the heat to cool
Rest it overnight in the fridge
Reheat and serve and win the blue ribbon!

Submitter: 
Wolfman's Bro
Description: 
Tender chunks of real beef make this the best chile you ever had.  You'll have to play with the seasonings to get it to your personal likings.  I personally like to make mine a bit hotter.  This is my own recipe based on the ingrediants that most all winning chile recipes have in common.  Add what you like to make it your own!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
