URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62130998/zimbabwe-african-stew-chicken/
Title:
Zimbabwe African Stew Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 package 6-8 chicken drumsticks (or thighs, as preferred)
3 cups water
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon black pepper
1 teaspoon oregano
1 teaspoon paprika
2 Scotch Bonnet Chili peppers chopped
1 large yellow onion cut into rings
2 green onions
1 clove garlic
2 green bell peppers chopped
2 fresh tomatoes
1 can tomato sauce
1 can stewed tomatoes

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 400F
2. Place all chicken in large pot add salt, pepper,one of the chili peppers, a third of the onion rings and a third of the garlic to the pot.  Cook on medium-high heat for 10mins drain water then set aside.
3. Place the remaining chili peppers,bell peppers, garlic, tomato sauce and all the dry spices into a blender. Blend into a smooth sauce.  Add a third of the onion rings and half a can of stewed tomatoes into the blender and blend into the sauce until smooth.
4. Once sauce is smooth and chicken is cooked add sauce to the cooked chicken and cook at medium heat for 10mins.
5. When sauce and chicken is cooked remove from heat and transfer the chicken and sauce into a glass casserole dish.     6. Add remaining stewed tomatoes and onion rings to the casserole dish and mix well.  Cover casserole dish with foil and place into the preheated oven for 15mins.  Turn chicken every 5mins. Remove foil and cook uncovered for additional 5mins.
7. Serve with rice

Submitter: 
drcook
Description: 
This is a family recipe passed down for generations albeit modified over time.  The recipe maybe modified to suit individual tastes e.g the recipe calls for the use of chili peppers but this ingredient maybe completely omitted if serving children.  Carrots, celery and mushrooms may be added to the stew according to taste preferences.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10mins
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
