URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62130138/chocolate-nirvana-cake/
Title:
Chocolate Nirvana Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Cake
2 cups hot coffee
1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder ( I use Penzey’s natural cocoa as it is richer)
2 3/4 cups all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons baking soda
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup butter, softened
2 1/4 cups white sugar
4 eggs - separated
1 tsp vanilla
Mocha Filling
5 tablespoons all-purpose flour
2 tablespoons Penzeys cocoa
2 tablespoons instant coffee granules
1 cup half-and-half
1 cup butter, softened
1 cup Confectioners Sugar
1 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
Bailey's Ganache Frosting
8 ounces bitter sweet chocolate, chopped
3/4 cup heavy cream
3 Tablespoon Baily’s Irish Cream
3/4 cup butter, softened
1/2 cup powdered sugar.

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease and put parchment or wax paper on the bottom of 3 - 9 inch round cake pans.
In medium bowl, pour in hot coffee and cocoa, and whisk until smooth.
Let mixture cool.
Sift together flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt; in separate bowl.
In a large bowl, cream butter and sugar together until light and fluffy.
Beat in egg yolks one at time
then stir in vanilla.
Add the flour mixture alternately with the cocoa mixture. Whip egg whites until frothy but not stiff , fold into batter.
Spread evenly between the 3 prepared pans.
Bake in preheated oven for 25 to 30 minutes.
Allow to cool 10 minutes in pan and then completely cool on rack
Filling
Mix the first 4 ingredients in a small saucepan.
Cook over medium heat, mixing constantly, 5 minutes or until thickened (this should be very thick).
Spoon mixture into a small bowl;
cover with plastic wrap, pressing wrap directly onto the mixture, and let stand 30 minutes or until cool.
Beat butter and sugar at medium speed with an electric mixer until light and fluffy.
Gradually add cooled cocoa mixture, 1 tablespoon at a time, beating until blended after each addition.
Add vanilla, beating until mixture is consistency of whipped cream.
Spread evenly between the two layers.
Frosting
Place the chopped chocolate in a bowl.
In a sauce pan, over medium heat, warm the cream, until it just begins to boil. Stir often.
Pour the cream over the chocolate.
Whisk until all of the chocolate is melted and smooth.
Add Baileys Irish Cream to chocolate and refrigerate to cool about 30 minutes.
In a mixer whip the butter until soft and light.
Beat in the powdered sugar.
When chocolate mixture has cooled and hardened a bit, gradually beat into the butter/sugar mixture.
Beat until incorporated and smooth.
Spread on cake
Make filling and frosting while cake is baking. Refrigerate cake, bring to room temp to serve.

Submitter: 
prell2k4
Description: 
In search of the perfect chocolate cake, I created this one from other recipes changing things as needed to get the taste I wanted.  Taste like it was made in a bakery. I like to serve this warm with either a scoop of vanilla ice cream or a dollop of whipped topping.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
120
Ready in:
120
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
