URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62135415/grilling-thick-steaks---the-reverse-sear/
Title:
Grilling Thick Steaks - The Reverse Sear Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Steak - 2" thick minimum - Porterhouse, Strip, Ribeye (whatever you like)
Sea Salt
Freshly Ground Pepper
Olive Oil
Wood Chunks (optional) - Hickory is my favorite

Directions:
Note: This recipe produces a medium-rare steak. For rare, drop the meat temperatures 10 degrees, for medium, raise them 10.
Bring the steak to room temperature.
Salt the steak generously and add pepper as desired.
Bring the grill to 250-275 degrees, using the burner on one side only. If you are going to add wood chunks to your smoker box, do so now and have them smoking before the next step.
Place the steak on the grill opposite from the heat.
Cook for about 25-30 minutes or until your instant-read thermometer reads 100-105 degrees at the center of the steak.
Take the steak off the grill and put it on a plate. Brush it with olive oil and cover with foil. Bring the burners to maximum.
As soon as the grill is hot, place the steak on it. Grill for a few minutes per side (my desired crust takes on a 600 degree grill takes about 3 minutes per side) until your instant-read thermometer reads 125-130 degrees at the center of the steak.
Remove the steak from the grill, put it on a plate and cover with foil. Wait for 5 minutes before serving to allow the meat juices to redistribute.

Submitter: 
Eric Davis
Description: 
Steaks 2 thick and over generally don't respond well to traditional grilling over high heat. The outside and layer below it tend to be heavily charred and dry by the time that the center reaches the desired temperature (unless you are a black & blue fan). The reverse sear brings the steak up to temperature slowly over low indirect heat, allowing the meat enzymes to work their magic. The steak is then grilled at high temperature to get the appropriate crust.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
