URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62136372/bacon-wrapped-stuffed-shrimp/
Title:
Bacon Wrapped Stuffed Shrimp Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
SEASONINGS
1/4 teas. salt
1 dash ground black pepper
1 dash allspice
1/4 teas. paprika
1 dash cayenne pepper
--------------------
DIPPING SAUCE
1/3 cup ranch dressing
1/4 teas. dried cilantro (or 1/2 teas. fresh)
--------------------
STUFFING
5 pieces bacon
3 slices fresh jalapeno
5 large shrimp
1 oz. Pepper Jack cheese

Directions:
Preheat oven to broil.  Make seasoning, blend by combining the ingredients in a small bowl and set aside.
Make dipping sauce by combining Ranch dressing with cilantro in medium bowl.
Cook bacon in pan over medium heat, but don't cook until crispy.  You want undercooked bacon that when cooled will easily wrap around shrimp.  When bacon is cooked drain on paper towels until cool.
Shell the shrimp, leaving last segement of shell and tail.  Remove the dark vein from the back of the shrimp and then cut down into the back of the shrimp without cutting all the way through, so that the shrimp is nearly buterflied open. This is your pocket for the pepper and cheese.
Pour 1 cup water into a small bowl. Add the shrimp and jalapeno peppers and microwave for 60-90 seconds.  Shrimp should be starting to firm up and change color.  Immediately pour the water out of the bowl, remove the jalapeno slices and pour cold water over the shrimp.  Place the shrimp and jalapeno pepper slices onto paper towels to drain off excess water.
Cut jalapeno slices in half and remove seeds.  You should now have 6 jalapeno slices, you will need 5 of these.  Place one slice into the slit on the back of the shrimp.  Cut an inch-long chunk of cheese (about 1/4 inch thick) and place it on the jalapeno slice.  Wrap a piece of bacon around the shrimp, starting where the cheese is.  Start with the thinnest end of bacon.  Go 1 1/2 times around the shrimp and then cut the excess bacon and slide a skewer with the tails facing the same direction.
Put skewer onto a baking sheet or broiler pan and sprinkle a very light coating of the seasoning blend over the shrimp, then broil for 3 to 4 minutes or until the bacon begins to brown and the cheese begins to ooze.  Can serve over a bed of rice.

Submitter: 
Karen
Description: 
Bacon wrapped shrimp stuffed with cheese and jalepenos with a ranch dipping sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min.
Ready in:
33 min.
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
