URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62133381/chewy-butterscotch-chip-coffee-cookies/
Title:
Chewy Butterscotch Chip Coffee Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
3 Tablespoons instant coffee granules
3/4 cup unsalted butter
1 cup brown sugar
1/2 cup sugar
1 Tablespoon vanilla extract
1 egg, at room temperature
1 egg yolk, at room temperature
1-1/2 cups butterscotch chips

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 325F; grease or line baking sheets with parchment paper or aluminum foil.
In a medium bowl, sift together the flour, baking soda and salt; set aside.
Microwave the butter until it is melted, then while it is still hot, stir in the coffee granules and mix until it is completely dissolved; let the hot mixture cool slightly.
In a large mixing bowl, cream the sugars and warm coffee-butter mixture together until they are blended. Then, stir in the vanilla, egg and egg yolk and beat until the mixture is light and fluffy. Next, mix in the dry ingredients until they are just combined. Lastly, stir in the morsels by hand.
Drop the dough by Tablespoonfuls onto the prepared sheets with each 3 inches apart. Then, bake 13-15 minutes until the edges of the cookies are slightly toastedl; let cookies cool on baking sheets 1-2 minutes before transferring them to cool on cooling racks.

Submitter: 
L.P.L.
Description: 
This is actually based on ELIZABETHBH's Best Big, Fat, Chewy Choc Chip Cookie recipe from this site. (Thanks ELIZABETHBH.) Back in where I am from, coffee is popularly paired up with butterscotch e.g. in gourmet coffee beverage and candies. But, coffee-flavored baked stuff, like cookies, just is not too common in the States. So, that inspired me to adapt other's and come up with this recipe. You can also use semisweet chocolate chips in place of butterscotch ones for a chocolatey coffee-holic treat. Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
