URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62138744/rachels-sugar-plum-spice-jam/
Title:
Rachel's Sugar Plum Spice Jam Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
10 Red Plums
2 cups fresh diced Pineapple
1/2 cup 100% apple juice
1/2 can frozen orange juice concentrate
Juice of one Lemon
1/2 TBS. Ground Cloves
1 TSP. Ground Allspice
8 Cups Sugar
4 drops Red Food Coloring
1 Package Fruit Pectin
1 TBS. Butter

Directions:
Wash and chop fruits leaving the peels on the plums and place in a large pot with apple juice , lemon juice and orange juice concentrate. Do not dilute the orange juice add it directly from the can.
Cover and Cook the fruit until it is soft enough to mash with a potato masher but leave bits of fruit and fruit skins, continue to cook at a simmer. About 15 -20 minutes.
Once the fruit is soft mash with a potato masher and add allspice and cloves, mixing well and cooking on a low simmer, add 1 TBS. butter ( to reduce foaming) and 1 package fruit pectin.
Bring to a full rolling boil on high heat stirring constantly. Stir in exact measurments of sugar quickly return to a full rolling boil and cook for exactly one minute, stirring constantly.
Remove from heat. Skim off foam. Ladel into prepared jars quickly within 1/8 inch of tops.
Wipe jars and rims, cover with two peice lids, screw bands tightly.
Place jars in a canner on a canning wrack and pour hot water over them, covering them 2 inches over the tops of the jars.
Bring water to a boil and process for 10 minutes.
Remove the jars from the water and set aside to cool. As the jars cool they should seal. or, you can pour paraffin wax over the cooled jams to seal for an old fashion gift.

Submitter: 
Rachel Dobbs
Description: 
This is a recipe I came up with for something new in our seasonal jam and jelly making sessions in hopes to find something unique for gifts at christmas, and it is absolutely wonderful. Everyone loves it. It's sweet and fruity with comforting holiday spice undertones.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
