URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62132686/enchaburritos-or-burritoladas/
Title:
EnchaBurritos or Burritoladas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
*all spices are MILD in this recipe
1lb hamburger ( the leaner the better )
1 package of 8 burrito sized flour tortillas ( I prefer Mission brand )
1 small can of enchilada sauce ( name brand or generic )
3 cups Kraft Mexican style shredded cheese ( cheddar jack with jalepeno peppers )
1 pkg Knorr( formerly Lipton ) Fiesta Sides Spanish rice
Sour Cream
1 container Salsa 16-24oz
Shredded lettuce
3-4 Roma Tomatos

Directions:
Cook hamburger in large saucepan until most of the pink is cooked out of it
Drain grease ( or use a few paper towels to soak up excess )
Add Salsa and Rice packet ( Omit water on packet directions )
Cook on medium/high heat until rice is tender and most of the liquid has boiled off. We want to get the mixture as "dry" as possible in this step.
Level off mixture with spatula and turn off heat.
Add 2 cups Mexican cheese evenly across surface.
Divide mixture with spatula evenly 8 ways, like cutting a pizza.
Spray a large baking pan with "Pam" or lightly grease to avoid sticking.
Scoop out individual "pies" of mixture and place in center of burrito.
Fold burrito and place in baking dish, fold down. You should get 4 across, 2 deep in your dish.
spread can of enchilada sauce over "burritos"
Sprinkle remaining cup of cheese over dish.
Heat oven to 375F and bake on middle rack for 15 minutes ( cheese will be melted but not browned )
Serve on bed of shredded lettuce with chopped tomatos and dollop of sour cream on top.

Submitter: 
Mike Stager
Description: 
These started off as an enchilada recipe and ended up more like a burrito.  I'm not sure what to call it, so there it is.  I created this over a large span of time to make it family friendly, as my wife and kids abhor spicy foods.  This is as tame as I can get it without calling them Cardboardurittoladas.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20-30 min
Ready in:
30-45 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
