URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62135359/cinnamon-spice-pork-rind-cake/
Title:
Cinnamon Spice Pork Rind Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
7 large egg whites
2 cups pork rind flour
2 1/4 cups Splenda
1/2 cup cinnamon
1 teaspoon gound nutmeg
1 tablespoon cinnamon extract
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup scalded, soured heavy whipping cream
3/4 cup boiling water
4 large egg yolks
8 oz cream cheese
1/4 cup butter
1 Tablespoon vanilla
1/2 cup Splenda

Directions:
*** One 80 gram bag of pork rinds yields exactly one cup of pork rind flour.
Using a blender or food processor, grind pork rinds into a fine flour or brown sugar-like substance by placing one pork rind at a time in blender or food processor and grinding it.
To sour the cream, add 2 tablespoons vinegar to the heavy whipping cream. To scald cream, bring to a slow boil and remove from heat immediately.
Direction: Preheat oven to 350 Degrees Farenheit. Lightly grease one 16X16 rectangular cake pan, or two round 8 inch cake pans, or two 8X8 square cake pans. Set aside.
In a large bowl, add pork rind flour, sweetener, cinammon, nutmeg cinammon extract, baking powder, and baking soda. Mix until thouroughly blended.
Add scaled, soured cream and boiling water.
Beat on low speed with an electric mixer, or with a hand whisk, until well blended.
Add egg yolks and beat until smooth.
Beat egg whites with an electric mixer on low speed, or with a hand whisk, until egg whites are thick and frothy. Increase electric mixer to high speed and continue beating egg whites until stiff, white peaks form. Be careful not to overbeat the egg whites, as they will lose begin to lose their volume. Gently fold in 1/4 of the egg whites into the cinammon batter. Fold in the remaining egg whites, working quickly yet gently to preserve the volume of the egg whites.
Bake for 30-36 min.
Cream Cheese frosting:
8oz.cream cheese
1/4 cup butter
1 tbsp vanilla
1/2 cup Splenda

Submitter: 
Kristin Jennings Flemming
Description: 
Low carb cake made from pork rinds.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
NA
