URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62135096/greek-pastitsio/
Title:
Greek Pastitsio Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 quarts water
2 t. salt
1/2 lb elbow macaroni
2 T. olive oil
2 medium onions, chopped
1 lb. ground chuck
2 cans (8-oz.each) tomato sauce
1 t. salt
2 cloves garlic
2 t. ground cinnamon
3 T. butter or margarine
3 T. flour
2 1/4 cup milk
3 eggs
Dash salt, pepper and nutmeg

Directions:
Bring water and 2 t. salt to a boil in large saucepan.  Add macaroni and cook as package directs.  Drain.
Heat olive oil in a 10-inch skillet; add chopped onion and saute until onions begins to turn golden brown.  Add meat, breaking up lumps, sauteing until the meat has lost its red color.
Add tomato sauce, 1 t. salt, garlic and 1 t. cinnamon. Simmer 29 minutes.
Grease a 13-by-9-by-2 inch baking dish; add half of the macaroni.  Top with meat saude sp7eading evenly over macaroni.  Add remaining macaroni.
Preheat oven to 350. In medium saucepan melt 3 T.  butter and stir in flour.  Remove from heat and slowly stir in milk.  Beat with a wire whisk until smooth; simmer about 5 minutes to thicken.  Remove from heat and cool slightly.
Beat eggs slightly in a medium size bowl with a wire whisk.  Slowly add half of the hot cream sauce beating constantly. Return mixture to remaining sauce in pan and beat until smooth.  Season to taste with salt, pepper and nutmeg.
Sprinkle top of macaroni with remaining cinnamon and pour sauce over all.  Tap pan hard on counter top so that sauce goes to bottom of pan.  Bake 40-45 minutes or until the custard is firm. Let stand at room temperature for 10 minuts before serving.

Submitter: 
Joanie
Description: 
A friend gave me this recipe years ago and every time I make it, I'm asked for the recipe.  This is not your usual pasta dish.  The cinnamon and nutmeg as well as the egg custard make this dish very unique.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
