URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62134634/phenomenal-pad-thai/
Title:
Phenomenal Pad Thai Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
16 Ounce Package of Rice Noodles
2 Shallots
1 Tablespoon Fish Sauce
3/4 Cup Pantai Pad Thai Sauce (Tamarind based sauce)
1 Pound Boneless Chicken Breast or Thigh
1 Cup Tofu (Preferably Firm)
2 Eggs
4 Stalks of Green Onions
Bean Sprouts
Chili Sauce
Crushed Peanuts
Lime

Directions:
In a medium sauce pan, saute the minced shallots in 2 teaspoons chili sauce for no more than five minutes.  Pour in 3/4 cup Pantai Pad Thai Sauce and 1 tablespoon fish sauce.  Set mixture aside and allow to simmer on low heat.
In a large pot of boiling water cook rice noodles for 6-8 minutes or until soft.  Lightly toss noodles in sesame oil to prevent them from clumping together.
Heat 2 tablespoons sesame oil and 1 tablespoon chili sauce in a large wok.  Chop tofu into small pieces, add to wok and fry until crisp.  Once brown on all sides, remove fried tofu from wok and set aside.
Replenish sesame oil and chili sauce while allowing wok to reheat.  Add diced chicken to wok and cook for 7-8 minutes or until no longer pink.  Remove cooked chicken and set aside.
Now here comes the fun part!  Again allow the wok to reheat fully with 2 tablespoons of sesame oil.  Add about half the noodles to the wok along with enough of the sauce mixture to turn the noodles a light brown color.
Once noodles are evenly coated push to one side of the wok and crack in egg into the other side.  Mix egg into noodles as it begins to cook.
Add half of the cooked chicken and tofu along with a handful of bean sprouts and chopped green onions.
Toss together in wok until evenly mixed together and serve directly onto plate.  Garnish plate with a lime wedge, spoonful of chili sauce and crushed peanuts.
Repeat last four steps with remaining ingredients.  Portions should be cooked individually as they are on the streets and in the kitchens of Thailand!

Submitter: 
ACSaper
Description: 
This unbelievably flavorful, fascinatingly simple and wildly inexpensive dish fueled me during my month long travels throughout Thailand!!  Upon returning home I simply had to devise a recipe that could bring me back to The Land of Smiles!  While no two pad thai's are ever alike, this process provides an excellent basis for developing your own, personal pad thai.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
