URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62135311/fried-milk-leche-frita/
Title:
Fried Milk (Leche Frita) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups milk
1 cinnamon stick
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 cup unsalted butter
1 cup cornstarch (you can also use flour)
1/2 cup sugar
4 egg yolks
4 egg whites
1/2 cup plain dry breadcrumbs (sometimes I mix in a little grated coconut with the breadcrumbs)
oil, for frying

Directions:
Line bottom of shallow baking pan with parchment paper, be sure to leave some hanging over the edges of the pan.
Place milk in small saucepan with vanilla and cinnamon stick over medium heat.
Stir occasionally until it comes to boil.
Turn off heat. Set aside.
Melt butter in non stick saucepan over medium heat.
Stir in 3/4 cup cornstarch - the mixture with form a loose clump around the spoon.
Continue cooking for 30 seconds before stirring in sugar.
Strain milk.
Gradually and continually (so no lumps form) stir all of milk into cornstarch mixture.
Keep stirring until mixture is smooth, thickened, and it leaves the side of the saucepan as you stir.
Remove from heat.
Vigorously and thoroughly stir in one egg yolk at a time.
Spread mixture into prepared pan.
Smooth out top.
Set aside for at least one hour to cool and set.
Very lightly whisk egg whites with fork.
Sift remaining cornstarch onto a plate.
Place breadcrumbs in a bowl
Using the edges of the parchment paper, carefully remove custard from the pan.
Doing only one row at a time:
Cut one long 1 1/2 inch wide slice.
Cut that slice into several squares.
Lightly dust each square with cornstarch.
Dip in egg white.
Cover with breadcrumbs.
Set aside.
Repeat until custard is finished.
At this point you can place in a sealed container and refrigerate for future use or you can just proceed to the following steps.
Pour two inches of oil into a small saucepan.
If you have a thermometer, heat until the oil reaches 290 degrees Fahrenheit. If you don't have a thermometer, the oil is ready when you place a handle of a wooden spoon (or a chopstick or skewer) in the oil and it immediately bubbles.
Fry a few pieces at a time and drain on a paper towl lined plate to remove excess oil.

Submitter: 
Ds R.
Description: 
There are variations of this centuries old street food throughout the world. Most versions are the same. 

All you need to know is that the result of this recipe is a delicious bite sized treat of warm velvety custard encased in a crisp shell.

You can enjoy them as is or dust them with cinnamon sugar (1 tablespoon ground cinnamon mixed with 1/2 cup sugar) while they're still hot. I like mine drizzled with tropical fruit preserves and a side of vanilla ice cream.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35
Ready in:
50
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
