URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62135652/chicken-curry-with-goats-milk/
Title:
Chicken Curry with Goat's Milk Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 large skinless and boneless chicken breasts
3 tbsp Canola Oil
1 large onion
4 cloves of garlic
1 large sweet potato
2 large apples
2 cup goat's milk
1 cup goat's milk yogurt
¼ cup chicken stock
1 tbsp grated fresh ginger
3 tsp curry powder
1 tsp ground cumin
½ tsp ground tumeric
Salt and Pepper to taste
Cooked Quinoa or Rice for 4 (to serve with)

Directions:
Peel and chop the onion.
Peel and finely dice the garlic cloves.
Rinse chicken; pat dry. Cut into 1-inch pieces
Cut up the sweet potato into cubes.  Pre-cook them by heating them in the microwave for 10 minutes, or until soft.
Cut up the apple into cubes.
Heat 2 tbsp of oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Add half of the chopped onion and saute until tender. Add chicken and saute about 5 minutes or until slightly browned. Transfer the chicken to a bowl.
Add remaining 1 tbsp of oil to the frying pan. Add the rest of the chopped onion and garlic. Cook and stir until onion is tender.
Add sweet potato, apple, goat’s milk, goat’s milk yogurt, grated ginger, curry powder, cumin, tumeric, salt and pepper to the pan. Bring to a simmer. Add the chicken and simmer for about 10 minutes.
If the curry is 'dry' (meaning there isn't much liquid) you can add some chicken stock to give it liquid.  If you add chicken stock, cook it for one minute longer.
Transfer the curry to the serving bowl. Serve with Quinoa or rice.
Notes:
You can replace the apples with any other fruit.  If you're using 'soft' fruit (blueberries for example), don't add them until a few minutes before serving or they will go soft.
You can adjust the 'heat' or spice of the curry by increasing or reducing the curry, cumin and tumeric.

Submitter: 
Michael Bach
Description: 
I have dairy alergies but I love curry.  I created this receipe based on another curry recipe and it turned out amazing.  Tasty and delicious curry. Not too spicy, but spicy enough to taste like a true curry. An easy dish that you can cook in only about half an hour. And best of all - no milk!  Delicious.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
30
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
