URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62141329/chocolate-pie-heaven/
Title:
Chocolate Pie Heaven Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For Pie:
1 cup sugar
3 Tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder
3 Tablespoons cornstarch
¼ teaspoon salt
2 cups milk (not skim milk!)
3 egg yolks
3 Tablespoons butter
1 Tablespoon vanilla
For Meringue:
3 egg whites (at room temperature)
¼ teaspoon cream of tarter
6 Tablespoons sugar

Directions:
Combine sugar,cocoa, and cornstarch in cast iron skillet or other heavy duty pan.  Mix with fork until all lumps are out.  Separate the egg yolks from the white.  Reserve the white for use in meringue.  Beat the yolks with a fork, pour your milk into them and beat together.  Pour this into the sugar, cocoa mixture.  Mix well with a wire whisp until there are no lumps.  Place over med. heat stirring every few minutes with wooden spoon  until the mixture starts to get thick.  When you start to see small bubbles adjust your temperature  between med. And med low so that it barely boils.  At this point you will need to stir almost continueously to prevent it from sticking or from the eggs separating out.  Continue to cook until it is thick and of pudding consistancey,  about 15-20 minutes.  Remove from heat.  Stir in butter and vanilla.  Beat with wooden spoon until filling is thick and glossy.  Pour into baked pie shell.  If using bought shell this will fill a deep dish size.  Top with meringe and form pretty peaks with back of spoon.  Bake in oven at 325 until lightly browned.
To make meringue:  Using a glass bowl, add cream of tartar to egg whites.  Stir lightly to mix it in. Begin beating egg whites slowly at first, which will produce small, stable bubbles. After a minute or so, increase the speed and beat until soft peaks form. Begin adding the sugar.  slowly about 1 tb. at a time, beating well after each addition.   Continue to beat until all sugar is dissolved and stiff peaks are formed.  This will take 7-9 minutes so be patient.

Submitter: 
Cindy Buckley Wuerdeman
Description: 
When you bite into this pie you will say “I’m in chocolate pie heaven!” I have been in search of the Perfect chocolate pie. I have tried many recipes and while good, there was always something missing.  Some left out salt, others vanilla, or butter.  The depth and layers of favor were just not there.  Until now!  After many alterations, this is it.  It’s all in here.  Just like Momma’s, only better because you can share the recipe.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
