URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62148387/zwetschekuchen-german-plum-tart/
Title:
Zwetschekuchen German Plum Tart Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 Cups flour, plus additional for rolling out the dough
1 1/3 Cups sugar
Small amount of grated lemon peel
Pinch of cinnamon
16 Tablespoons (2 sticks) butter
2 Whole eggs, plus 2 yolks
3 pounds plumbs

Directions:
1. Pour flour, sugar, lemon peel, cinnamon, and butter (cut into chunks) into a food processor.
2. Mix until grainy.
3. Add egg and additional yolk and process until it turns into one large ball.
4. If it doesn't turn into a ball press into a ball by hand.
5. If it still doesn't work add a few drops water and try again
6. Place dough in covered container and refrigerate for several hours, preferably overnight.
7. Remove from refrigerator about half a hour before making the tart to let the dough warm up slightly.
8. Roll out enough dough to cover a 9 inch pie plate.
9. Dough is very rich and is difficult to roll, maybe easier to press into pan with fingers.
10. Keep Crust thin, if any dough is left over keeps in refrigerator several days.
11. Wash and pit plumbs.
12. Cut into quarters and place skin side down, over surface of the tart .
13. Start with ring of plumbs at outer edge of tart and fill towards the center.
14. Bake at 350 degrees for 45 minutes until crust starts to brown
15. If plumbs are juicy they will bubble, might help to place a tray underneath the tart to catch the drippings in the oven
16. Cool before serving.
17. Sprinkle with sugar
18. Top with whipped cream
*Variation with stoned fruit a quick and delicious alternative is to cut fruit in half remove pit and place skin side up.
*Great recipe with many fruits ie.. peaches, nectarines, apples.
*Personal favorite is alternating nectarine and plum sequentially.
**Many times I have not chilled the dough at all.  In rushed periods; still turned out great!

Submitter: 
Shanda
Description: 
This is the plum cake or tart that my Grossmutter made.  It is delicious and any fruit can be substituted for the plums.  There for it is seasonally great!
Southern German desert from the Zweibruken area.
My daughter requested this for her birthday cake when she turned 7, it was a hit at her party!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h + 1
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
