URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62141120/green-tea-tiramisu/
Title:
Green Tea Tiramisu Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 egg yolks
2/3 cup white sugar
2 1/4 teaspoons matcha (powdered green tea)
2 tablespoons choya
1 pound mascarpone cheese, softened
5 egg whites
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
40 to 50 ladyfingers
matcha and confectioner sugar for dusting
Matcha syrup:
1/2 cup water
1/4 cup sugar
2 tablespoons Matcha
1/2 cup choya

Directions:
Matcha syrup can be made well in advanced. Boil water and sugar for 2-3 minutes. Remove from heat and add matcha to brew. Add choya and set aside to cool.
In a large bowl set over a pan of simmering water but not touching the water, whisk the egg yolks and sugar until the mixture is pale yellow and thick ribbons fall from the whisk, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from heat and beat in the mascarpone cheese until smooth and creamy, then the matcha until well blended.
In a chilled large mixing bowl, whisk the cream until stiff peaks form. Add the vanilla and whisk until smooth.
In a clean mixing bowl, whisk the egg whites until stiff peaks form. (When the whisk is lifted straight out of the bowl and inverted, the whites should hold their shape.)
With a rubber spatula, gently fold the mascarpone mixture into the cream until blended and smooth. Add about a third of the egg whites at a time and fold gently until blended.
Dip each ladyfinger into matcha syrup until liquid has soaked into the ladyfinger, but not too much that the ladyfinger falls apart. Place the soaked ladyfinger on the bottom of a 6 quart container. Spread evenly 1/2 of the mascarpone mixture over the ladyfingers. Arrange another layer of soaked ladyfingers and top with remaining mascarpone mixture.
Cover tiramisu with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 4 hours.
Before serving, dust with matcha or confectioner sugar (amount to your liking).

Submitter: 
egh0z
Description: 
I just love the combination of choya and green tea. Google on similar recipes make use of either sake or orange liquor, but my experiment with choya was a good one.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
