URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62143150/tangy-chicken-quesedilas/
Title:
Tangy Chicken Quesedilas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
One bottle Lawry's Dijon & Honey marinade
* 15-25 slices of pepperoni (turkey peperoni may be substituted)
* 1-2 boneless chicken breasts
* 2 large flour tortillas (large soft taco shells) of approximately 8-9 inch diameter
* approximately 8 oz shredded cheese, preferably cheddar, jack, colby etc (Mexican cheese shred mixes are fine, using these, a single bag will work)
* optional ingredient: Ranch, spicy ranch, or cheesy ranch dressing.  approximately 1/4 cup

Directions:
Take the chicken breast, (one for smaller recipe, two for larger) and slice it into small pieces, none larger than your thumb.
Mix the chicken slices with 1/3 cup of marinade in a frying pan over medium heat.  (mix in the ranch if desired here)
place a lid over the pan and cook mixture over medium heat  until chicken is cooked through.
When cooked, remove pan cover and turn up the heat to med/high
Stir frequently at this step as we are now reducing the marinade into a kind of condensed sauce.
when the marinade is no longer covering the bottom of the pan the chicken should look like it has been coated in a sauce, but not be sitting in standing marinade, remove the pan from heat and set aside.
Now you may take a new frying pan large enough to handle the tortilla and place that on medium heat.
in the pan assemble ingredients like so:
place one tortilla in the pan
spread half of your cheese over the tortilla, this should cover most of the surface of the tortilla
place pepperoni slices over the cheese, one layer only with no overlaps.  This should also nearly cover the tortilla
now place the chicken over the pepperoni, making sure to bring every bit of the reduction over with the chicken that you can (I know, there isn't supposed to be much anyways)
cover the chicken with your remaining cheese
place second tortilla over the entire assembly.
toast both sides of the quesedilla, just be careful when flipping as the pepperoni releases grease and can scald.
When done toasting, serve onto a large place and cut into slices like a pie.  I recommend using a pissa slicer.

Submitter: 
Denise Reilly
Description: 
I made this recipe back when I wouldnt touch spicy food.  I was tired of bland dishes, but still couldnt manage anything with kick to it.  This dish comes out with a kind of tangy kick that was like a flavor explosion for me, and apparently my family to as they all love it!  

I hope you get as much enjoyment out of it as we did, but if not, c'est la vie!  Just go easy on me, this is my first submission hehehe

You may marinade the chicken overnight ahead of time if desired, but it is unnecessary.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
optional o
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
