URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62148682/french-lemon-chicken/
Title:
French Lemon Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lemon
1 head garlic
2 cups chicken broth
2 Tbsp olive oil
4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts
Salt and ground pepper
1 Tbsp fresh thyme or 1 tsp dried
1/2 tsp sugar
1/2 cup white wine
1/4 cup brandy
1/4 cup whipping cream
2 Tbsp fresh parsley, chopped

Directions:
Grate lemon into thin strips.  Once grated, cut lemon into thin slices.
Separate garlic into cloves, and cut off the ends but don't peel.  Put chicken broth in a saucepan, add garlic cloves and bring to a boil.   Simmer for three minutes.  Remove garlic cloves and reserve broth.  Let cloves cool, and then peel.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Heat oil in skillet over medium heat. Season breasts with salt, pepper and thyme, add to skillet and cook for 4 - 5 minutes or until golden brown. turn over and cook other side for one to two minutes. Remove chicken and set skillet aside.
Spray an ovenproof casserole dish that will hold chicken snugly with cooking spray.  Place chicken in casserole dish and scatter lemon slices and garlic cloves around chicken. Sprinkle sugar on lemon slices.  Bake chicken for 20 to 25 minutes, until cooked through but be sure not to let it dry out.
Meanwhile, add wine to skillet, bring to boil, reduce by half. Stir in reserved chicken broth, brandy and grated zest. Bring to a boil, stirring. Add cream and continue to boil until slightly thickened, about 5 to 8 minutes. Stir in parsley.
Remove chicken and lemon to serving platter. Scatter over garlic cloves. Remove any fat and pour any juices into sauce.
To serve, pour sauce over chicken, or alternatively, slice chicken into thick slices arrange on platter with lemon slices and garlic, and pour sauce overtop.

Submitter: 
KerriJ
Description: 
This is a wee bit time consuming if you are trying to entertain dinner guests while making it, but sooo worth it!  It's elegant, smells fabulous while baking and I have never, ever had leftovers when I've served it.  I usually serve this with a simple green salad, and lots of crusty French bread to mop up all the yummy sauce!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
