URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62145887/filet-mignon-with-bell-pepper-haystack-and-fresh-guacamole-served-with-corn-chips/
Title:
Filet mignon with bell pepper haystack and fresh guacamole, served with corn chips Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1.5 lbs filet mignon
4T corn or vegetable oil
sea salt to taste
1 red bell pepper, sliced in 1/2 cm strips
1 yellow bell pepper, sliced in 1/2 cm strips
1 pkg white button mushrooms, sliced thinly
1/2 pkg chicken demi-glacé, or 1/2 cup reduced low-sodium chicken stock
1 tsp celery seed
1/4 tsp fresh cracked black pepper
2T water
3T corn or vegetable oil
Beurre Blanc:
3 large shallots or 5 small shallots, sliced
4 smashed garlic cloves
3.5 cups water
1/2 stick unsalted butter
1 tsp corriander seed, smashed
1/2 tsp sea salt
2T olive oil
2T white wine or champagne vinegar
Gaucamole:
4 small avocados, pitted and peeled
3 small roma tomatoes, chopped
1 large shallot, minced
1 jalapeño, minced
juice of 1/2 large lemon
1 bag corn chips

Directions:
Dry off raw steak.
Cut into similar size pieces for even cooking.
Let come to room temperature.
Combine ingredients for guacamole and allow to sit for flavors to combine.
Sauté bell pepper combination in oil until moderately tender, 5-7 minutes.
Add sliced mushrooms and spices, and cook until tender.
Finish with water and demi-glacé or stock reduction.
Set aside onto paper towels for the grease to drain.
Sauté shallots in olive oil for 3 minutes.
Add crushed garlic cloves.
Add water and hard-boil until reduced to one cup.
Strain with a fine-mesh strainer.
Add vinegar and reduce to 1/4 cup at hard boil.
When reduced, melt in the butter and set aside at a low temperature.
Heat an iron skillet on medium-high until it feels hot to the hand.
Add oil, and fry steak until medium-rare (or doneness desired).
Allow the steak to rest.
Place a mound of the mushroom/bell pepper mixture in the center of the plate.
Slice the steaks in half and position on top of the mound.
Surround with a couple of spoonfulls of beurre blanc mixture.
Offer chips and guacamole to cut the saltiness.
The steak, if cut into small pieces, may be eaten on top of the guacamole and chips to form a most delicious meal.

Submitter: 
Toasted Garlic
Description: 
A good cut of beef -- filet, ribeye, or new york strip -- cooked pink, served with sautéed red and yellow bell peppers in a mound, on a plate with a classic beurre blanc sauce, and the option of eating it with fresh guacamole and corn chips.  French meets fresh latin food.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
