URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62149936/mushroom-pork-chop-soak/
Title:
Mushroom-pork chop soak Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Four thin-cut pork chops
Salt and pepper to taste
2 Tbsp. vegetable oil
1 can cream of mushroom soup, 1 10.75 oz. can
5.5 oz. water
1/4 cup white cooking wine
2 Tbsp. tomato paste
1 Tbsp. Worcestershire sauce
1 tsp. garlic chili paste
2 tsp. onion powder
1 tsp. rosemary
1 tsp. cayenne pepper
1 bay leaf
4-6 cloves garlic, chopped
1 Tbsp. ginger, minced
1/2 yellow bell pepper, sliced
1/2 red bell pepper, sliced
1 jalepeno, chopped
1 large yellow onion, sliced
4-6 baby Bella mushrooms, sliced
2-4 oz. shredded mozzarella

Directions:
Jab a fork into the pork chops several times so they can soak up some flavor.
Apply salt and pepper to each side with a little massage.
Heat up the vegetable oil and sear each pork chop in a deep pan on both sides.  Set aside pork chops on a paper towel.
For the sauce, mix together the cream of mushroom, the cooking wine, water, tomato paste, Worchestershire sauce, the chili paste, and the remaining spices and the bay leaf until well blended.  Set aside.
In the pan (add more oil if needed), add the garlic and the ginger to medium heat.  Once lightly browned, add the onion and saute.  Once the onions are starting to brown, add the bell peppers and the mushrooms.  Stir frequently.  After about five minutes, add the pork chops to make a layer, than add the sauce on top to make its own layer.  Reduce the heat and cover.  Let simmer for another 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.  The sauce will turn a darker, more yellow color once the juices run clear signaling that the dish is done.  Serve topped with shredded mozzarella.

Submitter: 
Sachin K.
Description: 
Are your pork chops lonely? Let them take a dip in this delicious sauce!  You will be very happy that they did.  This dish (especially the sauce) goes great with mashed potatoes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
