URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62146415/southern-comfort-mac-and-cheese/
Title:
"Southern Comfort" Mac and Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pkg. spiral macaroni (or your preferred style)
3 large eggs
1 c. Sour Cream
1 c. Cottage Cheese
2 tsp. ground nutmeg
3 Tbs. prepared yellow mustard (like French's from the jar)
8 oz. shredded mild cheddar
8 oz. shredded Mexican blend (Cheddar, Montery Jack, Queso Quesidilla and Asadero cheeses)
6 oz. Shredded Parmesan
6 oz. Seasoned bread crumbs

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Cook macaroni according to package directions (do not over cook! Al Dente is perfect). Drain and rinse with cold water to stop further cooking.
While macaroni cooks, beat eggs smooth in a medium mixing bowl. Add nutmeg and mustard to egg mixture and mix well.
Add sour cream and cottage cheese to egg and mix well. Set aside to rest while you finish preparing the macaroni.
Transfer half the cooked macaroni from colander to 9x12 baking dish.
Sprinkle on 1/2 the cheddar and 1/2 the Mexican cheeses.
Pour 1/2 the egg mixture over cheeses and macaroni and mix well.
Repeat process using the remainder of the macaroni, cheeses and egg mixture.
smooth out mixture using back of your mixing spoon.
Top evenly with shredded Parmesan, followed by bread crumbs (crumbs should be the top-most layer).
Bake uncovered for about 35-40 minutes, or until top is looking nicely crisp.
Cool for 10 minutes before serving. Serve with slices of crusty bread and butter.

Submitter: 
KINCATT
Description: 
This is one of the best mac-and-cheese recipes I've ever come across. It was passed down to me by a friend of my grandmother's, who was especially known for her good cooking! I can guarantee that this traditional Southern comfort food will keep your crowd coming back for more!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 mins.
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
