URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62143603/grandma-carlsons-turkey-pot-pie/
Title:
Grandma Carlson's Turkey Pot Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 Carrots, Diced
1 Medium Onion, Diced
2 Stalks Celery, Diced
5 T Butter
1/8 tsp Black Pepper
1 T Fresh Flat Leafed Parsley, Chopped
1 T Fresh Thyme Leaves
2 C Cooked Turkey, Cubed
2 T Flour
2 C Chicken or Turkey Stock
1 Can Cream of Mushroom Soup
1 Can Cut Green Beans, Drained
½ Can Cream Corn
Pastry for 2-Crust Pie (recipe included)
2 C Flour
1 tsp Salt
7 T Cold Shortening
6 T Cold Butter
6 T Cold Water

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425? F.
Roll out bottom crust and press into a 10” pie pan.
In a large skillet, sauté carrots, onion, celery and pepper in 3T butter until crisp-tender.
Remove from pan.
Combine turkey and flour in a zip bag or a bowl until coated.
Sauté coated turkey in 2T butter over low heat for about 5 minutes.
Slowly add stock while stirring.
Simmer until thickened.
Add soup, beans, corn, and reserved vegetables.
Mix well & remove from heat.
Stir in parsley and thyme.
Cool mixture slightly and pour into unbaked pie crust.
Roll out top crust and place on top on filling.
Seal and flute the edges.
Cut 5 slits in the top to allow steam to escape.
Bake at 425? F for 15 minutes.
Lower oven temperature to 350? F and bake for an additional 25 minutes or until golden brown and bubbly.
Pastry for 2-Crust Pie
Whisk salt and flour in a medium mixing bowl.
Cut shortening and butter into flour mixture just until pea-sized particles.  (Do not over-mix)
Sprinkle in water 1 tablespoon at a time while tossing the flour mixture with a fork until the dough nearly cleans the side of the bowl.
Separate the dough into 2 equal rounds and chill until needed.
Many secrets exist in pastry preparation.  A few important ones are:
•	Do not over handle the dough.  This will make it tough instead of flaky.
•	Keep ingredients cold.
•	2 different fats will melt at different temperatures which helps to make a nice flaky crust.

Submitter: 
WisconsinSweets
Description: 
This savory comfort food dish is the most popular Thanksgiving leftover meal in our house.  With the flakiest of pie crust and fresh herbs, it'll be a hit in yours as well.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
