URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62143736/savory-stuffingdressing/
Title:
Savory Stuffing/Dressing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 9X13 Pan of Sweet Corn Bread already prepared cubed
20-24 oz loaf or round of sour dough bread cubed
3 large carrots, peeled and diced
1 med. bulb of fennel or 3 stalks of celery, diced
1 large onion diced
2 large or 3 medium cloves of garlic minced
8 oz button mushrooms chopped
1 lb sage seasoned sausage, browned
2 tbsps each of chopped fresh herbs: thyme, rosemary, and sage
1 stick of butter
3 eggs
4-5 cups reduced sodium chicken stock
Salt and Pepper to taste

Directions:
Cube cornbread and sour dough bread and set out over night to dry.
In a large skillet begin to saute carrots.  Add fennel or celery after about 3 minutes. Add onions and garlic and saute until vegetables are softened and onions and garlic are glistening. Add to dried bread mixture.
Chop fresh herbs and add to dried bread mixture.
Pour in 1 to 1 1/2 cups of chicken stock and two teaspoons of melted butter. Bread mixture should be moist not mushy.
Add Salt and Pepper to taste.
Loosely stuff cavity of turkey with part of the bread mixture. Cook according to stuffed turkey directions.
To the remainder of stuffing add browned sausage.
Saute mushrooms until liquid is released and add to bread mixture.
Melt remainder of butter and pour into bread mixture.
Mix 3 eggs and remainder of chicken stock to bread mixture.
Add additional salt and pepper to taste.
Butter large casserole dish. (4-5 quarts)
Pour bread mixture into casserole dish and bake at 325 degrees for one hour or until dressing is browned on top and set up in the middle.

Submitter: 
Michelle Blum
Description: 
This recipe can be used to stuff a 20lb turkey and then with a few ingredients added can be baked into a delicious dressing as well. Fresh herbs make this recipe aromatic and delicious.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 min.
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
