URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62147568/salmon-patties-with-pineapple-salsa/
Title:
Salmon Patties with Pineapple Salsa Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Salmon Patties:
2 Large cans Pink Salmon (drained with skin removed)
1 small can mild chopped green chilies (undrained)
2 tablespoons maple syrup
2 tablespoons teriyaki sauce
4 tablespoons crushed pineapple with juice (reserved from pineapple for salsa)
1 teaspoon fresh grated ginger
1 teaspoon fresh minced garlic
1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley
1 tablespoon chili oil
1/4 fresh medium sweet onion (grated directly into salmon mixture)
1 cup panko bread crumbs
2 eggs
3 tablespoons Extra Virgin Olive Oil
Salsa:
1/2 cup crushed pineapple (from large can)
1/2 cup finely chopped fresh roma tomato
1/4 cup finely chopped green bell pepper
3 tablespoons finely chopped pickled jalepeno (no seeds)
1 teaspoon minced garlic
1/2 teaspoon fresh grated ginger
1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro
3 tablespoons honey
1 tablespoon honey dijon mustard

Directions:
In large bowl combine all the salmon patty ingredients (except olive oil) and mix well.
Heat olive oil in large skillet over medium heat.
Form thick 3 inch round patties using about 1/2 cup of salmon mixture for each patty (Patties will feel a bit wet but will hold together great, and cook up perfectly), and place side by side in skillet; do not flatten.
Place lid on skillet and cook salmon patties over medium high heat for about 10 to 15 minutes watching carefully not to let them burn.
When patties are firm, gently turn them over and replace lid, reduce heat to medium low and cook another 15 to 20 minutes or until fully cooked.
Meanwhile, mix all the ingredients for the salsa in a microwave safe bowl and microwave on high for 2 to 3 minutes (just until hot).
Stir well and let cool.
Serve salmon patties on a bed of seasoned brown rice and top them with the salsa.

Submitter: 
Alta Nesbitt Rees Sieker
Description: 
This is an Asian inspired recipe I came up with needing a change from the standard salmon patties my mother used to make. These are light and moist with the perfect blend of ingredients. I top them with a refreshing pineapple, bell pepper and tomato salsa; then serve them over brown rice that I season with stir-fry sauce, chicken bouillon, and crushed pineapple.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
