URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62148823/mexican-vegetable-soup/
Title:
Mexican Vegetable Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons Extra Virgin Olive Oil (or any vegetable that you prefer)
4 cloves garlic, finely chopped
1 medium yellow onion, chopped
2 teaspoons chili powder
1/2 teaspoon cumin
1 red potato, diced
1 carrot, sliced
1 1/2 cups diced tomatoes (canned or fresh)
1 zucchini, diced
4 cups vegetable or chicken stock
1/2 cup black beans (canned or pre-cooked)
1 ear of corn, kernels cut off (or 4 oz. canned corn)
10 green beens, cut into 1" slices
Lime, salt, and pepper to taste
Tortilla chips and cilantro (for garnish)

Directions:
Heat oil in a heavy pan over medium-high. Add garlic and onion, cook until the onion is soft and semitransparent.
When onion and garlic are softened, stir in cumin, chili powder, potatoes, carrots, tomatoes and zucchini. Continue to cook for 2 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Pour in chicken or vegetable stock. Cover and cook over medium heat for 20 minutes, then add the black beans, corn and green beans, (add more water if necessary) cover again and cook for an additional 5-10 minutes, or until the beans are tender.
Remove from heat, squeeze a lime wedge (start with about 1/8 of a lime), and add salt and pepper if desired. If you want more citrus flavor, continue adding more lime juice until satisfied.
Garnish with tortilla chips and fresh cilantro and a slice of lime.

Submitter: 
Los Gofres
Description: 
My family has made this soup for years--it always reminds me of my childhood. Still one of my favorite things to make! The aroma is just perfect; it makes you feel so warm inside, and the broth is full of flavor. I love going to the Farmer's Markets and picking out fresh vegetables to put in this soup. I've made many modifications to it and every time it tastes delicious! As directed, this soup is pretty mild, and more spices can be added if you so choose.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
