URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62144519/classic-homemade-chicken-noodle-soup-with-homemade-stock/
Title:
Classic Homemade Chicken Noodle Soup with Homemade Stock Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Stock:
1 6-7 pound chicken carcass with meat still attached to bones, skin, wings, and neck
5 Cloves of garlic (crushed)
1 Large onion (quartered)
3 Stalks of celery with leafy greens still attached
2 Large carrots
1/2 cup of fresh flat-leaf parsley
1/3 cup of granulated chicken bullion
1 tabelspoon of lemon juice
1 teaspoon of whole peppercorns
For Soup:
Chicken stock (recipe above)
1 1/2 cups of cooked chicken
4 cloves of garlic
3 carrots
1/2 medium onion
3 stalks of celery
1/4 cup finely chopped parsley
8oz egg noodles
Salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Stock:
Break chicken carcass into pieces making sure to break bones as much as possible. Add to large stock pot along with leftover skin, wings, and neck. Cover chicken plus 1 inch with water. Add tablespoon of lemon juice and let sit for 20-30 minutes. Bring to a boil over high heat. Cover, reduce heat, and simmer one hour.
Meanwhile, crush garlic, quarter onion, cut celery and carrots into thirds, and chop parsley. After chicken has simmered for one hour, add vegetables, garlic, parsley, bullion, and peppercorns. Bring to a boil, cover, and let simmer for two hours.
Strain solids from liquids and discard vegetables, bones, and cartilage. Reserve cooked chicken meat. Using a sieve, strain the stock again, removing as much of the solids as possible. Cool stock so the chicken fat solidifies then skim it off of the top. Be careful as chicken fat is very soft and your stock should be congealed if cooled thoroughly.
For soup:
Dice or shred chicken. Finely chop garlic and onion. Slice peeled carrots and celery into 1/4" pieces. Finely chop parsley. Bring stock from above to a boil. Add chicken, garlic, onion, carrots, and celery. Return to a boil, cover, and simmer 10 minutes until carrots are tender but not mushy. Add egg noodles, return to a boil and cook approximately 5-6 minutes until noodles are almost done but still firm. Remove from heat and let cool for 10-15 minutes. The noodles with continue to absorb liquid while the soup is still hot. If too much of the stock is absorbed, you may add either store bought chicken stock (I prefer Swanson's).
If desired, you may add heavy cream to taste and top with freshly grated Parmesan. Serve with hot, crusty bread.

Submitter: 
Christi Checca
Description: 
After scouring many different recipes looking for that perfect and hearty homemade chicken noodle soup, I finally pieced together my own. I hope you and yours enjoy it as much as we have. It's great to use as a base and you can change it to suit your own tastes!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
