URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62143191/rocky-road-chocolate-balls/
Title:
Rocky Road Chocolate Balls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/332593.jpg
Ingredients:
5 oz miniature marshmellows
1 1/2 finely chopped pecans
5 oz regular raisins
1 1/4 cup peanut butter
2 tbsp powder sugar
1 pkg chocolate almond bark (melting chocolate)
1-1 1/2 cup powdered sugar (dusting hands and rolling mixture balls in)

Directions:
Melt almond bark on double boiler. Until all melted.
In the meantime, in a large bowl, mix marshmellows, pecans, raisins, peanut butter & 2 tbsp powdered sugar together, thoroughly. Mixture will be stiff but gooey. Make sure all in combined, takes a few minutes but will bind.
Take 1-1 1/2 cups of powdered sugar place in a shallow bowl. Dust hands with powdered sugar, and grab about 1 1/2- 2 tbsp of the mixture, it's an eyeball thing, roll in powdered sugar and in hand to make the lumpy balls(excuse the phase, I see how I worded it--sorry) place on a parchment lined cookie sheet, Repeat dusting hands and rolling each lumpy ball until mixture is all gone. Let balls rest for a couple minutes before dipping into melted chocolate.
Dip each ball quickly in melted chocolate. Shake off excess chocolate as best as you can. Place back on parchment lined pan. You may have extra chocolate, and mixture makes roughly 30 to 40 or so balls. Let balls cool completely until set and chocolate easily releases from the parchment.

Submitter: 
Melissa Goff
Description: 
I was making candies with my son, when I thought of these. I tried them on my hubby and he says hide them, before they are all gone. Yeah would you believe I just made it up. I posted photos of my creation and instantly got requests, so I posted the recipe in a thread and realized---I need to submit so everyone has a chance to enjoy them--can be addicting. Please enjoy.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
40
Number of servings: 
30
Nutritional Facts:
NA
