URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62145802/easy-breezy-california-enchiladas/
Title:
Easy Breezy California Enchiladas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4479856.jpg
Ingredients:
4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts
4-6 cups chicken broth
1/2 medium sized sweet onion, diced
1 8oz package fat-free cream cheese
2 10-oz cans hot enchilada sauce
1 2.25 oz can sliced black olives
1 7oz can diced mild chiles (or jalapenos!)
1 Tbsp cayenne
1 Tbsp paprika
1/2 Tbsp garlic powder
1/2 Tbsp cumin
Freshly ground black pepper to taste
Salt to taste
8-10 8" flour tortillas
1 lb. shredded mixed monty jack and cheddar cheese

Directions:
Boil chicken in broth with a sprinkling of cayenne and cumin. Drain, shred and set aside.
In a medium to large skillet, soften diced onion in a little vegetable oil, just until tender.
On medium heat, add one can of sauce to skillet along with cream cheese.  Stir until well blended.
Add to skillet the shredded chicken, the undrained can of chiles, and all spices.  Cover and simmer, stirring often, for about 20 minutes.
Grease a 9x13 casserole dish.  Open second can of sauce.  Drizzle some sauce along bottom of dish.
Heat tortillas slightly (they roll better when warm).
To fill:  Lay a tortilla in the casserole dish, coating the bottom of it with the sauce.  Place several spoonfuls of the chicken mixture in the tortilla.  Top with cheese.  Roll tortilla up and away from you, leaving the seam side down.  Repeat until there is no more room left in the dish.  Pour remaining sauce over the top of the casserole.  Try to cover the tortillas completely or the edges may burn.
Top with remaining cheese and olives (I like to use the olives in lines to show where to cut when it's time to eat, plus, they taste good!)
Bake at 375 in pre-heated oven until cheese is melted and bubbly and just starting to brown at the edges (about 15 to 20 minutes).  Let cool before serving with sour cream and/or guacamole, salad and Mexican rice.

Submitter: 
Kris Swiggum
Description: 
Simple, creamy chicken enchiladas from northern California. Not for the faint of tongue! Serve with Mexican rice.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 min.
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
