URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62148203/amaretto-creme-brulee/
Title:
Amaretto Creme Brulee Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups heavy cream
6 egg yolks
2/3 cup sugar (plus a few tablespoons for topping later)
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 tablespoons Amaretto liqueur

Directions:
Before you start, you'll need:
6 small ramekins
1 roasting pan
1 kitchen towel
1 large whisk
1 medium mixing bowl
1 small pan
1 strainer
and, either a large measuring cup with a pouring lip (I use my quart size glass measuring cup)or any container with a pouring lip that's large enough to hold all the ingredients.
Later on, you'll a blow torch for firing the sugar when you're ready to serve. You can also put them under the broiler for a minute or two to melt the sugar topping.
Preheat the oven to 300 degrees.
Heat the whipping cream on a med/low burner, stirring often, until it just starts to boil and then remove from heat. Allow to cool a bit while you mix the other ingredients.
Fold your kitchen towel in half and place in the bottom of your roasting pan. Add one of the ramekins and add enough very hot, or boiling water, to come about 1/2 way up the side of the ramekin. Do this with the pan already in the oven (middle shelf) so it's not necessary to move a pan with very hot water. Take the ramekin out and place with the other five.
Whisk the 6 egg yolks until fully blended. Add the sugar, vanilla and Amaretto and whisk again until everything is incorporated into the yolks.
By now, the cream should be cooled off a bit. Add the cream to the egg yolk mixture, just a tablespoon at a time, whisking again after each addition. Once you've added 5 or 6 tablespoons, you can add a bit more at a time but still add gradually. You want to temper the egg yolks so you don't end up with a big bowl of Amaretto scrambled eggs.
Place the strainer over your large cup or bowl with the pouring lip and pour the egg yolk/cream mixture through the strainer to remove the foam (any any egg bits that may have accidentally cooked).
Pour the mixture into the ramekins dividing equally and then place them in the roasting pan in the oven that's holding the water bath.
Bake for 35 minutes. If they look too liquid when the time is up, leave them in for an extra 5 minutes.
Remove the creme brulees from the oven and let cool enough so you can remove them from the water bath without burning your hand. Once they're cool enough to handle, individually cover each ramekin tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate until needed, at least overnight and up to 5 days.
When you're ready to serve, sprinkle about a teaspoon of sugar over the top of each ramekin, shaking to cover fully. Add more sugar if needed.
Light your blow torch and fire the top of each creme brulee until the sugar is melted and toasted to a medium to dark brown.
Serve with whipped cream and berries or all by itself.

Submitter: 
Sheila T
Description: 
The Amaretto gives just a touch of flavor. If you prefer a different flavor, you can use any liqueur that you like.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1/2 h
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
