URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62141733/tripe-crackling-with-a-deviled-dipping-sauce/
Title:
Tripe Crackling with a deviled dipping sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb. tripe (cleaned and rinsed; NOT green tripe!)
1 Gallon Milk
2 Bay leaves
1 Head of Garlic, cut in half horizontally
1 large onion, skin on and quartered
8-10 fresh eucalyptus leaves (optional)
Oil for frying
1 C. Soured Cream
1 T. English Mustard
1 T. Worstershire Sauce
1/2 t. Garlic Powder
1/8 t. Cayenne Pepper
4 Scallions, thinly sliced into rings
Salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
1. Rinse the tripe thouroughly.  Add tripe and 1/2 gallon milk to non-metallic bowl. Let sit in refrigerator over night.
2. The next day, drain the milk, rinse the tripe again, then add the tripe, the other 1/2 gallon of milk, and the bay leaves, garlic, onion, and eucalyptus leaves (if using) to the milk.  Allow to sit overnight again.
3. Heat oil to 350 F. Drain tripe, rinsing again, and drying with a paper towel.  Cut trip into tortilla chip-sized triangles.
4. Fry in batches until puffed and golden brown.  Drain on tea towels, then salt and pepper to taste.
For the Dip:
Mix the soured cream, mustard, worster sauce, garlic powder, cayenne, and scallions together, mixing completely.  Salt and pepper to taste.  Allow to sit at least an hour in the fridge before serving.
Serve the dip along with the freshly fried tripe, and enjoy!

Submitter: 
wsf
Description: 
This may sound odd, but tripe, when properly prepared, is an amazing thing!  With the milk bath, and the harsh heat of frying, it loses quite a bit of its intimidatingly harsh flavour.  This is a fun appetiser for your pork lovers, and will have them guessing as to what part of the porker you just fried!  The sauce uses the traditional combo for any recipe that is deviled: Mustard, cayenne pepper, and worsteshire sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 d
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
