URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62142659/all-day-beef-soup/
Title:
All Day Beef Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Stock
10-12 pieces of beef bones (ask the butcher to cut them into 2-3 inch pieces)
5 carrots, roughly cut
3 onions, roughly cut
5 celery stalks, roughly cut
12-15 cups water
1 can tomato paste
1 tablespoon dried parsley
1 tablespoon dried thyme
1 tsp black peppercorns
3 bay leaves
5 cloves garlic, crushed
Cheesecloth
Soup
2tbs, extra virgin olive oil
2lbs boneless beef short rib, cut into 1 inch strips
3 onions, chopped
5 carrots, chopped
5 celery stalks, chopped
2 cups russett potatoes, cubed
8-10 cups Homemade Beef Stock
1 cup cubed skinned tomatoes
1 cup frozen yellow corn
1 cup frozen green peas
1/2 cup quick cook barley
1 tsp salt
1/2 tsp thyme
1/2 tsp fresh coarsely ground black pepper

Directions:
Stock
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees Farenheit.  Place the bones, carrots, onions, and celery in a large heavy roaster.  Roast uncovered for an hour or until the bones and vegetables are heavily browned.  Place the browned bones and vegetables in a large stock pot.  Deglaze the roasting pan with a cup of water and add to the stock pot.  Add the remaining water to the pot and bring to a medium boil.  Add the remaining stock ingredients to the pot and reduce the flame to a simmer.  Cover the pot and simmer for 6-7 hours.  The stock should look thicker as time progresses, and the aroma will make your mouth water.  After the time has elapsed, remove the pot from the stove.  Layer a large coliander with two layers of cheesecloth and place inside of a large bowl.  Ladle or pour the stock through the cheesecloth.  Chill the stock to allow the fat to congeal on top or use a fat seperator.  Yield:10-12 cups of beef stock
Soup
In a large stock pot, add the olive oil and allow it to reach a smoking point.  Add the meat in batches and brown.  Add the onions, carrots, and celery in batches to ensure even cooking of the ingredients.  Cook until the vegetables are slightly soft about 3-5 minutes.  This will add extra depth to the soup.  Add the potatoes, cook for 3 minutes and stir continuously.  Add the beef stock and remaining ingredients.  Bring the soup to a boil and cook for 45 minutes to an hour.  Serve with cornbread.

Submitter: 
KERYNE
Description: 
This recipe takes all day to prepare, very typical of most southern recipes.  It can easily take two days.  It begins by preparing a rich beef stock and ends with a robust beef soup.  I make this recipe at the beginning of fall.  It makes a lot, so I freeze the most of it.  This recipe is perfect for the winter months because a lot of southerners believe the bones and marrow are the source of recovery for most ailments.  The ingredients for the soup can be increased or decreased, or you can add your own favorites.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 h to
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
