URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62148496/dairy-free-lasagna/
Title:
Dairy-Free Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (14oz) package of firm tofu
1 (14oz) package of extra firm tofu
1/4 cup Almond Milk or Soy Milk
2 T honey
2 T apple cider vinegar
1 T olive oil
1 T salt, plus more salt & pepper to taste
1 lb lean ground beef
1 lb ground hot sausage
3 (12oz) packages of soy mozzarella
26 oz jar of Traditional Prego tomato sauce
Lasagna noodles

Directions:
If the tofu has been packed in water, drain any excess liquid from the tofu. Place both types of tofu in a mixing bowl.  Using a fork, mash the tofu until it's crumbly.  Set aside.
In a small bowl combine the next 5 ingredients.  Drizzle this mixture over the tofu and combine, continuing to mash the tofu until all ingredients are full incorporated.  Season with additional salt & pepper to taste.
Refrigerate this mixture for at least 2 hours (or up to 3 days) to allow flavors to combine.
Preheat over to 350 degrees.
Bring salted water to a full rolling boil in a very large pot. Cook lasagna noodles according to package instructions. Drain noodles and set aside to cool slightly so you can handle them.
While the lasagna noodles are boiling, use a sharp knife to slice each sausage lengthwise and careful remove the casing. Place ground sausage and ground beef in a large skillet.
Cook beef and sausage together over medium high heat, stirring regularly until they are browned through. Remove from heat and drain off any excess grease and add enough Prego so that it's well covered but not runny(about 2 cups or so).  Set meat sauce aside.
Grate soy mozzarella and divide into 3 portions.
Pour remaining Prego in a bowl – dip noodles in bowl of sauce and lay first layer in a large rectangular pan (10x18 deep casserole dish)
add ½ meat mixture on top of noodles
sprinkle 1/3 mozzarella on meat
Dip the next set of noodles in the prego and add the noodle layer.
spread tofu mixture on noodles
sprinkle next 1/3 mozzarella
Dip the remaining noodles in prego and add the last layer of noodles
Add the last ½ meat layer
Sprinkle with remaining 1/3 mozzarella
Tightly cover with foil and bake @ 350 for about hour

Submitter: 
suzanne
Description: 
I created this recipe so people who are Lactose-Intolerant can enjoy lasagna. This is a great option for those who cannot handle dairy, but miss one of their Italian favorites!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
