URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62142419/ten-degree-down-home-creamy-noodles/
Title:
Ten Degree Down Home Creamy Noodles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (16 ounce) package extra wide egg noodles
1 cube reduced sodium vegetable or chicken bouillon
2 Tbsp boiling water
1 (10.75 ounce) can condensed cream of chicken soup
1 medium diced onion
1.5 Tbsp Worcestershire sauce
2 cloves garlic, minced
1/4 tsp hot pepper sauce (like Tabasco)
½ cup 2% milk
1 cup sour cream
2 Tbsp cooking sherry (optional)
1 cup frozen peas or other vegetables
1/4 cup grated mozzarella cheese
½ cup seasoned bread crumbs
Salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
Cook egg noodles in a large pot with boiling water to al dente (not quite done). Drain well.
In a large bowl dissolve bouillon cube in boiling water. Mix in the cream of chicken soup, chopped onion and garlic, Worcestershire sauce, Sherry, and hot pepper sauce. Stir in milk, sour cream, peas and cooked egg noodles. Combine all ingredients thoroughly.
Transfer to a lightly greased oven proof dish. Cover and bake for 20-30 minutes, or until noodles are completely cooked through, but not mushy.
Stir well and taste for salt and pepper – add if needed. Top with bread crumbs and mozzarella then bake, uncovered to melt the cheese on top. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
AZ
Description: 
I created this dish one night when it was cold outside and  I didn’t have all of the ingredients for my usual noodles dish. This is great if you're craving a comforting and creamy noodle casserole with vegetables like you get at diners and kitchens down south. I prefer to use reduced sodium and fat products, though I don’t always have them on hand. If you don’t like peas, use another vegetable of your choice like corn, succotash, or even okra. This dish is a flavorful alternative to Hungarian Noodles, Noodles Romanoff, or even plain old mac ‘n’ cheese.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
60
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
