URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62144149/baileys-chocolate-chip-cheesecake-by-whodunitrdr/
Title:
Baileys' Chocolate Chip Cheesecake by whodunitrdr Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups chocolate cookie crumbs (one 9 ounce package chocolate wafer cookies, crushed)
3/4 cup sugar
6 Tablespoons butter, melted
2 1/4 pounds cream cheese, at room temperature
1 2/3 cups sugar
5 whole eggs, at room temperature
1 cup Baileys' Irish Cream liquor
1 Tablespoon vanilla
1 cup miniature chocolate chips
1 cup whipping cream, chilled
1 teaspoon instant coffee powder
1/4 cup powdered sugar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325ยบ.
Coat 10" spring form pan with non-stick vegetable oil spray.
Combine crushed chocolate cookies, 3/4 cup sugar and melted butter in a bowl. Press mixture into bottom and 1" up sides of pan. Bake for 7 minutes, remove from oven, keep oven at same temp.
Using electric mixer, beat cream cheese until smooth.
Gradually mix in 1 2/3 cups sugar.
Beat in eggs 1 at a time (don't overbeat - you don't want a lot of air beaten in).
Blend in Baileys' Irish Cream liquor and vanilla, then chocolate chips.
Pour filling into crust. Bake cake until puffed springy in the center and golden brown, about 1 hour and 20 to 30 minutes (do not underbake).
Cool cake completely.
Can be made the day ahead and refrigerated until ready to serve.
Mix whipping cream and coffee powder in a chilled bowl, let set for a few minutes to dissolve.
Add powdered sugar and vanilla, beat until peaks form. Spread or pipe through large star tip over cooled cake. Garnish top with additional chocolate chips or chocolate curls.
Remove spring form pan to serve.

Submitter: 
whodunitrdr
Description: 
This is one of those decadent, showstopper desserts that is rich and satisfying and not as difficult to make as you might think. It is great for Christmas and holidays and times when you just want to enjoy and not worry about the calories.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
6 hrs (inc
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
