URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62140503/bacon-and-cabbage/
Title:
Bacon and cabbage Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 lbs. bacon joint (preferably loin)
2 Large Onions, roughly cut
2 Carrots, roughly chopped
2 Ribs of Celery, roughly chopped
2 Bay leaves
Water
Unsalted Chicken Stock (or water)
2 T. Honey
2 T. Wholegrain mustard
1/8 t. ground cloves
1 Large cabbage, cuts into eight sections.
1/4 C. butter
1/4 C. Flour
2 C. Milk
1 Cup fresh chopped parsley
Salt and White Pepper to taste

Directions:
for the cabbage and bacon
1. In a large stock pot, add the first 6 ingredients, using enough water to covers the bacon joint.  Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer.  Allow to cook for 45 minutes, skimming off any white foam that comes to surface.
2. Remove the bacon joint VERY gently from the liquid, then discard stock and vegetables.  Add bacon back to pot, along with cabbage quarters, honey, mustard, and cloves.  Add enough chicken stock to just barely cover all.  Cook at a low heat (just below simmer) with lid on, until cabbage is very soft, about 25-35 minutes.
For the Parsley Sauce:
1. Melt butter in saucepan at medium heat, then add flour to make a roux.  Whisk to incorporate flour fully.  Add milk, and whisk throughly until thickened.  Remove from heat, then add parsley, and salt and pepper to taste.
Plating:
Place even portions of bacon, and a wedge of cabbage on each plate.  Pour parsly sauce over cabbage and bacon.  Serve with mashed potatoes, and you have a truly wonderful meal!

Submitter: 
wsf
Description: 
Contrary to popular belief, corned beef and cabbage is not traditional Irish fare.  But when the Irish came to America, they found that their beloved bacon was rather dear, while corned beef was a cheaper alternative.  This dish is a truly beautiful, all Irish, alternative to the more Irish-American corned beef supper.  It uses a whole joint of bacon, rather than slices, and you may need to special order this cut from your butchers. If you can not get a whole bacon piece, then use an uncooked ham joint instead.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
