URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62146761/jian-bing-chinese-crepe/
Title:
Jian Bing (Chinese Crepe) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/850650.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 cup white flour (or more depending on how large you want to make it)
1/4 cup milk
water if needed
1/2 tsp vegetable oil
1 tbsp hoisin sauce
chili sauce to taste (optional)
non-fat cooking spray
1 egg, beaten
1/2 scallion, sliced
1 tbsp fresh cilantro, torn into smaller pieces
1 or 2 strips of "youtiao" chinese fried dough (optional)

Directions:
In a small bowl, mix flour, milk, and vegetable oil. The consistency of the batter should be slightly less thick than that of a milkshake. Add water to dilute the batter if needed.
In another small bowl, dilute the hoisin sauce with some water to make it more easily spreadable. If you are using chili sauce, do the same.
Spray the cooking spray onto a large skillet (or crepe maker if you have one) and spread around.
Pour the batter onto the skillet and spread evenly. Heat to medium-low.
When the batter solidifies, pour the egg onto the batter. Spread egg around the skillet.
When egg is cooked, sprinkle the scallion and cilantro onto the skillet. Press into egg so that they don’t fly off the crepe when you flip it.
Flip whole crepe; with a cooking brush, spread the bean sauce and (optional) chili sauce onto this side of the crepe.
In the center of the crepe, place fried dough directly in the center of the crepe.
Roll or flip the crepe into a wrap-shape. You may want to press into the crepe so that it stays together.
Let cool for a minute or so, and then eat!

Submitter: 
meowypurr
Description: 
Quick and Easy! Street vendors all over China make this breakfast food for the masses. There are many variations of Jian Bing aka Chinese Crepe; this is only one. I use scallions and cilantro in this recipe, but others use different ingredients, such as sunflower seeds. Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
15 min
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
