URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62140003/black-pudding-roesti-with-a-stout-and-onion-gravy/
Title:
Black Pudding Roesti with a Stout and Onion Gravy Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the Roesti:
4 Breakfast sized slices of Black Pudding
4 slices of Dubliner (or a sharp Cheddar cheese)
2 lbs. of skinned baking potatoes, cut into large cubes
1 onion, thinly slices into half moons
2 cloves of garlic, finely crushed
Sea Salt and freshly crushed black pepper to taste
6 T. Vegetable Oil
3 T. Butter
For the gravy:
3 T. Butter
1/2 large onion, thinly sliced into half moons
3 T. AP Flour
1 Cup of Beef stock
1/2 Cup Stout Beer (I prefer Guinness)
Salt and Pepper to taste

Directions:
For the Gravy:
1. Melt butter in sauce pan at medium heat, then add the onions, and cook until just soft and transluscent, but not browned.
2. add the flour, and stir until the onions are coated evenly, and the flour is no longer visible.
3. Add Stock and Stout, and bring up to a boil, then reduced immediatey to a medium low heat.  Stir constantly and cook until gravy is thick.
4. Reduce to lowest heat possible while cooking the roesti, stirring occasionally.
For the Roesti:
1. On a burner at medium high heat, bring a pan of water to the boil.  Add the potatoes, and cook for 5 minutes, or util fork tender.
2. Place a frying pan on another burner, add the Oil and butter to a pan, and bring up to medium or medium low heat.
3. Remove the potatoes from the water, rinse under cool water, allow to cool, then coarsely grate.
3. Gently mix with the onions and garlic.
4. Under a broiler, grill the pudding until crispy on both sides.  Take a fourth of the potatoe mix, and cover each cheese/blackpudding slice.
5. place the potato/blood sausage bundles in the fat, and cook until browned on one side (5-8 minutes), then brown on the other side (same time frame).
6. Plate with gravy on the side.

Submitter: 
wsf
Description: 
This takes some of my favourite things from Ireland (Black Pudding, good cheese, potatoes, and stout), and turns them into a fun evening meal.  Black pudding can be found online, or try a butchers/grocers that carries a British or Irish selection.  If you don't eat blood, then substitute with a slice or two of fine quality ham or corned beef. If you do like blood, but can't find a good Irish black pudding, feel free to substitute with blutwurst or boudin noir.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
