URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62146575/captain-crunch-french-toast/
Title:
Captain Crunch French Toast Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 Thick cut slices egg bread (challah)
1/2 box Captain Crunch Cereal (don't substitute!)
3 large eggs, beaten
1 cup heavy cream
1/2 cup 2 % milk
2 1/2 tablespoons sugar
1/2 tsp vanilla
1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
2 tablespoons butter

Directions:
Put Captain Crunch cereal in into a ziplock bag and crush it until it is mostly broken down but there are still some larger pieces. Sprinkle the crushed cereal pieces into a large flat tupperware or baking dish.
In a separate baking dish or tupperware mix together the eggs, milk, cream, sugar, vanilla, cinnamon and nutmeg.
Soak bread two slices at a time in the egg mixture, at least 30 seconds each side. Make sure edges are also soaked.
Transfer the soaked bread over to the Captain Crunch.  Cover the bread with cereal crumbs, including the tops and sides.
Place coated bread on waxed or parchment paper until you have finished coating the remaining four slices.
Heat non stick saucepan to medium high and add butter.
When butter is melted, cook two pieces of bread at a time.  Slide bread into the pan one slice at a time, and press it down with a wide spatula.
Allow to cook 3 minutes or until golden brown and then flip bread over, and press down. Cook additional 3 minutes on other side.
Put bread in a warm oven to keep heated until the rest of the bread is done, if needed.
Serve with a dollop of butter and warmed pure maple syrup, if desired.

Submitter: 
Bubba's Mom
Description: 
Inspired by a recipe I saw on television, I experimented with different combinations and came up with this.  This is a delicious and unusual variation on plain old French Toast.  Try it, I guarantee you'll love it!  Thanks to the Blue Moon Cafe in Baltimore for the inspiration. Not for the diet conscious, but it tastes so good you won't care!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
