URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62141791/double-dipped-chocolate-caramel-apple/
Title:
Double-Dipped Chocolate-Caramel Apple Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 large Red Delicious apple, washed and dried
1 wooden chopstick
25 caramels, unwrapped
4 oz. bittersweet chocolate, broken in small pieces
3 Tbsp. heavy whipping cream
3/4 c. toasted chopped pecans, walnuts or almonds

Directions:
Grease a 5" square of waxed paper and place it on a small plate.
Insert the chopstick into the stem end of the apple, being careful not to go all the way through.
Microwave 15 of the caramels and 1 tablespoon water in a medium-size bowl on high 1 to 1-1/2 minutes, stirring once, until melted and smooth.
Holding stick, dip apple into hot caramel, turning until coated all over and caramel is used up.  (If needed, use a small metal spatula to help spread the caramel.)  Place on greased paper.  Refrigerate for 5 minutes.
Meanwhile, melt remaining 10 caramels and 1-1/2 teaspoons water.  Dip apple a second time.  Refrigerate 10 minutes.
While the apple chills, microwave chocolate and cream in a medium-size bowl on high 1 to 1-1/2 minutes, until melted.
Put chopped nuts on a plate.  Dip apple into chocolate mixture to coat, using a small spatula to to help spread chocolate.  Dip bottom into nuts, then roll sides gently in nuts to coat.  Spoon remaining nuts over top.
Refrigerate on waxed paper 2 hours, or until hard.  Wrap in plastic wrap or cellophane and refrigerate up to 1 week.  To serve, unwrap, leave at room temperature 20 minutes for caramel to soften, then cut in wedges.

Submitter: 
FRIENDLYCHICK
Description: 
This is just like one of those delicious and beautiful gourmet apples you can buy from catalogs and shops (without the gourmet pricetag).  It makes a great gift for teachers or co-workers.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
