URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62142238/chocolate-pumpkin-cheesecake/
Title:
Chocolate Pumpkin Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
CRUST
1 ½ Cups of graham crackers
1 ½ Cup of baking cocoa powder
4 Tablespoons of melted butter
1 ¼ Cup of granulated sugar.
1 Cup of chocolate chips
FILLING
3 (8 oz) cream cheese--(room temperature-may help prevent cracks)
1 ½ Cup of Granulated Sugar
1 16oz can of pumpkin puree
1 ¼ ground cinnamon
½ teaspoon ground ginger
½ teaspoon of nutmeg
¼ teaspoon of salt
1 teaspoon of vanilla extract
1 teaspoon of maple extract
4 eggs-(room temperature)

Directions:
CRUST
Preheat oven to 325.
Combine all crust ingredients except chocolate chips in a food processor and pulse until fine.
Press in bottom of 9-inch spring-form pan wrapped with tin-foil.  Bake for 15 minutes.
Remove from oven and spread chocolate chips one layer thick over the crust.  Be careful not to touch the sides of the pan with the chocolate.  Leave about ½ inch uncovered by chocolate.
Let stand while you mix filling.
FILLING
Beat cream cheese until light and fluffy.  Scrape sides frequently.  Make sure there are no lumps.  Lumps of cream cheese may cause cracks.
Add sugar and extracts and continue to beat.
Add pumpkin puree and continue to beat.
Add eggs, one at a time ensuring that each is well combined.
Add spices and combine.
Pour the filling over the crust and chocolate and bake for about 55 minutes in a water bath half way up the pan.  Make sure your tin-foil is tight and will not allow water to get into the bottom of the spring-form pan.
Remove from the oven when the middle is still wobbly.  Don’t shake it too much or it will crack.  Let cool in the oven with the oven off and the door open if possible.
Refrigerate for a couple of hours prior to serving.
You may want to decorate using more chocolate chips or melted chocolate.
See cheese cake tips on this site to avoid cracking, serving instructions and garnish ideas.

Submitter: 
zippyejb
Description: 
Fluffy Cheesecake with graham, cocoa and chocolate crust.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
