URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62144205/old-fashioned-toffee/
Title:
Old Fashioned Toffee Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Toffee:
3 cups salted butter, chopped into cubes (6 sticks)
3 cups granulated white sugar
Optional topping:
2 cups of your favorite dark chocolate, chopped

Directions:
Lightly spray a full sheet pan with non-stick cooking spray and set aside.
Place the butter in a heavy pan and melt. Add sugar and mix until sugar and butter are well combined.
Continue stirring the butter and sugar mixture until the sugar has dissolved.
Bring the mixture to a gentle, but firm boil. Continue to stir the mixture constantly, being sure to scrape the bottom and sides of the pan (Not scaping causes the sugar to burn).
Continue boiling and stirring the mixture until the color begins to change from a light yellow color to a dark-golden brown color (about 10-15 minutes). NOTE: During this process, the consistency of the mixture will change. initially, the sugar and the butter will be separated. During the cooking process, you will notice the sugar and butter start to incorporate with each other. Eventually, when the mixture reaches a certain point, it will begin to darken as the sugar caramelizes. When the sugar and butter no longer separates and the mixture is a deep golden brown color (the color of toffee), the cooking process is completed.
Pour the molten toffee into the prepared sheet pan and use a frosting spreader or other spatula-type object to gently spread the toffee evenly to the corners of the pan.
If incorporating nuts into the toffee, sprinkle your favorite roughly chopped nuts over the toffee while it is still warm.
Allow toffee to cool, preferably overnight.
If topping with chocolate, melt chocolate in a double-boiler and spread on the toffee while the toffee is still tacky. This will allow the chocolate the best possible bonding method. After you have spread the chocolate on the toffee, you can sprinkle nuts on the chocolate. Allow to cool overnight before removing from pan and chopping. NOTE: It is recommended that a dark chocolate be used. Soft milk chocolate will provide difficulty in cutting and chopping toffee.
To remove and chop the toffee, place a large cutting board over the top of the sheet pan and turn upside-down. If the toffee does not instantly release, gently tap the bottom of the sheet pan, in the corners and middle. When the toffee releases, gently score the toffee with a serrated knife. These will become the break lines. Break toffee along the scored-lines, and serve in your favorite fashion, be it celophane wrapping, or a candy dish.

Submitter: 
Philip Shores
Description: 
The most amazing part of this recipe, is that there are only two base ingredients. You can top it with chocolate and nuts, or add nuts directly to the molten toffee as it is poured into the pan. But whatever you choose, it's a winner!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
45
Nutritional Facts:
NA
