URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62144797/kellys-fruity-colada-cake/
Title:
Kelly's Fruity Colada cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 box Duncan Hines Butter Cake Mix
2 TB strawberry gelatin mix
Red food dye, optional and as desired
1/4 c guava jelly (or other fruity jelly)
12 oz cream cheese
3 TB butter Crisco
1 c mascarpone cheese
3 TB honey
Confectioners sugar, as needed for consistency, at least 3 cups
1/4 c chopped maraschino cherries, patted very dry
1/2 c crushed pineapple, drained and patted very dry
1 c sweetened flaked dried coconut

Directions:
Mix the cake mix according to directions (egg, oil, water).
Blend in gelatin and red food dye until desired pink color.
Grease two round pans with Crisco, then dust with flour to prevent sticking.
Bake in two 9” pans according to directions.
Cream together cream cheese, crisco, mascarpone cheese, and honey.
Add confections sugar 1 cup at a time until it reaches the desired, thick consistency you want.
Add in cherries, pineapple, and coconut and stir together.
If it's too runny (so make sure you really dry the coconut and cherries good!), add more confectioners sugar or more room temp cream cheese (otherwise you get those little balls of cream cheese and it won't cream into the frosting).
Let each cake cool to room temperature, and spread the top of one cake with warm jam and the bottom of the other cake to help them stick together better and retain some moisture.
Spread frosting between cake layers and sandwich carefully.  Cover with rest of frosting, keep in refrigerator to set, and smooth with spatula.
Sprinkle with leftover coconut to hide imperfections (it's a lumpy frosting but so delicious)

Submitter: 
Emmy
Description: 
I made up this recipe for a friends' bachelorette party and it was a big tasty hit! I know it's random, but it works and isn't overly tropical-tasting.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
60
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
