URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62141589/taco-mexican-pizza---quick-and-easy/
Title:
Taco / Mexican Pizza - Quick and Easy! Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 Can Old El Paso Refried Beans (Fat Free)
1 1/2 Cup of Your Favorite Salsa
1 Pizza Crust (store bought or homemade)
3-4 Cups Cheddar Cheese
Optional Toppings:
Lettuce
1 Medium Red Onion (or any onion really) Chopped
Tomatoes
Jalapenos
Black Olives
Sour Cream
Cheddar Cheese
Salsa

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 or as required by crust.
If using homemade/home mixed dough - bake the pizza crust at designated temp for approximately 5 minutes or until the crust begins to golden.  Sprinkle some shredded cheese on crust so you can more easily watch the progression (If you prefer a really spicy pizza - top the crust with crushed red pepper flake before placing in oven.)
While crust is pre-baking, mix the can of refried beans with approximately 1 1/2 cups of salsa (the hotter the salsa, the hotter the pizza - we use HOT).  The bean mixture should be spreadable - add more or less salsa as needed.
Spread bean mixture onto pre-baked or store bought pizza crust.  This will be a pretty thick layer. (Optional: Add a meat topping onto the beans such as 1/2 cup shredded chicken or browned hamburger.)
Top with LOTS (approximately 3 cups) of shredded cheddar cheese (I use sharp).
Bake in oven until cheese is melted bean mixture is hot (10-15 minutes).  I bake even a little longer until the cheese is browned.
Remove from oven and cut into desired slices.
The best part - top with various toppings.  I normally used romaine lettuce, red onions, sour cream, a sprinkle of shredded cheddar cheese, and a little salsa.  We also use jalapenos, black olives, tomatoes, etc.

Submitter: 
mydogclyde
Description: 
We love pizza.  This taco/Mexican pizza is simple and very quick.  I have been told it is the best taco pizza ever! Note you MUST like refried beans!!  Easy to vary recipe to your own taste.  The key to perfect homemade pizza is ALWAYS prebake your crust!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
8
Ready in:
23
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
