URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62149365/carolyns-grown-sexy-chicken-florentine/
Title:
Carolyn's Grown & Sexy Chicken Florentine Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/850665.jpg
Ingredients:
Carolyn’s Grown & Sexy Chicken Florentine
4 Large Boneless Chicken Breast
2 Tbsp. Olive oil
1 ½ c. Spinach (fresh/frozen)
½ Medium onion
½ Tsp. garlic (chopped)
4 slices of Swiss cheese (gruyere) if possible
Salt & fresh ground pepper to taste
4 Strips of Bacon
Spices:
¼  Tsp. cinnamon
¼ Tsp. cardamom
¼ Tsp. ginger
¼ Tsp. cumin
¼ Tsp. garlic powder
¼ Tsp. red Cheyenne pepper
¼ Tsp. coriander
¼ Tsp. Turmeric

Directions:
Clean and pat dry chicken. Season with salt and pepper to taste (careful not to put on too much in  as much as the bacon has salt)
Cut a 3½  to 4 in slit/pocket starting from the thickest part of the breast.
Mix spices together in a bowl then sprinkle on both sides of chicken, making sure you also sprinkle inside of  pocket as well.  Set aside.
In a medium skillet, sauté’ onion, garlic and spinach (if using fresh cook until wilted, if frozen make sure all of the water is gone) use a cheese cloth if necessary to get rid of the excess water.
Then simply add it to the pan and cook until vegetable are transparent.
Remove from heat then stuff about 2 Tbsp of the spinach mixture into pocket of chicken breast, top with a folded slice of Swiss cheese then wrap with bacon and place in a baking dish and cover with aluminum foil.
No other oils are needed to cook this dish.
Cook in a preheated oven at 350 degrees and for 35 to 45 minutes, depending on your oven.
Check to see if the juices are clear then cut off oven and remove foil. Place under broiler for about 8 more minutes to crisp up the bacon, be careful not to let burn.   Once bacon is browned then remove and let rest for 10  minutes.  Then serve.

Submitter: 
Ms.Chae916
Description: 
Aphrodisiac Spices make this recipe sing..the simple combination of everyday spices bring out not just the flavor of this dish, but can stimulate the libido, gives a whole new meaning to the term comfort foods. Also if swiss cheese isn't your thing, you can always substitute with fresh mozzarella, or a semi soft fontina, or even a mild Dutch gouda. They all work perfectly.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
45-50 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
