URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62149999/st-louis-baby-back-ribs/
Title:
St. Louis Baby Back Ribs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
St. Louis Baby Back Ribs
4 slabs BABY BACK PORK RIBS  - Important to use baby backs
First Stage Dry Rub
½ cup dark brown sugar
½ cup paprika
1/3 cup garlic salt
2 T onion salt
2 T chili powder
1 T cayenne pepper
1 T black pepper
1 ½ t dried oregano
1 ½ t white pepper
1 t cumin
Second Stage
1 cup apple juice per slab
Third Stage
¾ cup First Stage Rub
¼ cup brown sugar
Finishing Glaze
1 ½ cups Sweet Baby Ray’s BBQ sauce, or your favorite red sauce
½ cup honey

Directions:
Raw Preparation:  Place slab of ribs bone side down on the table.  Slide knife under the membrane and against the end bone to separate the 2.  With a dry paper towel, grasp the edge of the thin membrane and pull.  The entire membrane should separate from the rib.
Preheat oven to 250 degrees.  Combine First Stage Rub and mix well.  Generously apply rub onto the front and back sides of ribs.  Gently pat to ensure that rub will adhere.  Place ribs meat-side up on a broiler pan and bake for 2 1/2 hours.
Remove ribs from oven.  Place each rib meat-side down on its own doubled HEAVY aluminum foil squares.  Foil should be large enough to completely wrap rib.  Add the Second Stage apple juice, 1 cup per slab, pour over each slab then wrap and seal each rib tight.  Return to oven for one hour and 45 mins.
Remove wrapped ribs from oven and remove foil.  Apply medium coat of the Third Stage Rub to the meat-side of the ribs.  Place uncovered in the oven meat-side up for 30 minutes.
Remove ribs from oven and increase oven temp to 350.  Brush finishing glaze on both sides of the ribs.  Place ribs in the oven for 10 mins or until sauce bubbles and caramelizes.

Submitter: 
Sally Renz Cummings
Description: 
Baby back pork ribs slowly baked in the oven.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
