URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62147023/ginger-ice-cream/
Title:
Ginger Ice Cream Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1/4 cup finely grated (not micro-planed) peeled fresh gingerroot
2 Tablespoons water
4 large egg yolks
2 cups half-and-half
1 cup heavy cream
1 teaspoon vanilla
1/4-1/2 cup finely diced crystallized (or candied) ginger

Directions:
In a 3-quart heavy saucepan, cook the sugar, grated gingerroot and water over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, for about 5 minutes. Add the half-and-half and bring just to a simmer.
Meanwhile, in a medium mixing bowl, lightly whisk the egg yolks.
Temper the egg yolks by very slowly adding about half the hot half-and-half mixture to them while whisking rapidly. Slowly pour the tempered mixture back into the pan while whisking. You have now made the custard mixture.
Cook the custard mixture over medium low to medium heat, stirring constantly, until a thermometer registers 170°F. Do not let allow this to boil! Immediately remove it from the heat.
Pour the custard into a clean bowl. (If you see any scrambled egg pieces in the custard, pour the custard through a sieve into the bowl). Stir in the cream and vanilla. Allow the custard to cool a bit. Cover the custard with plastic wrap (being sure to cover the surface of the custard to prevent a "skin" from forming!) and refrigerate until cold, at least 3 hours, and up to 1 day.
Freeze the custard per your ice-cream maker's instructions, adding the finely diced crystallized ginger three fourths of way through the freezing process. Transfer the ice cream to an airtight container and put it in freezer to finish hardening.

Submitter: 
WileyP
Description: 
A ginger-lover's delight! Even those not all that fond of ginger will find that this is a wonderful accompaniment to fruity deserts, especially those with apples. You can adjust the strength of the ginger by adding more (or less) finely diced crystalized/candied ginger as you do the freezing. Start with 1/4 cup, then add more as desired in subsequent batches. Note: This can bee made and stored in the freezer for up to a week...but it won't last that long!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
