URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62148934/grandma-georgies-cardamom-rolls/
Title:
Grandma Georgie's Cardamom Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 stick of butter
1 3/4 cups boiling water
1 1/2 cups sugar
2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons ground cardamom
3 packets dry yeast
2 eggs, slightly beaten
7-8 cups all purpose flour

Directions:
In a very large bowl:  Cut butter into small pieces - approx. tablespoon size.
Pour boiling water over butter.
Stir in sugar, salt & cardamom.
Stir until sugar melts and let cool to 110 degrees.
When butter/sugar mix is cooled, stir in the flour, yeast, and eggs.  Mix until it forms a thick batter.
Knead dough 8-10 minutes using a heavy-duty mixer w/dough hook.  Note: Dough will be VERY sticky - it's supposed to be!
Lightly oil the top of the dough, cover bowl tightly w/plastic wrap, and refrigerate overnight.
Sweet dough is notorious for slow rising, so be very patient.
Or if you must, oil and cover lightly and allow to rise in warm, draft-free place for approx. 3 hours until at least doubled.  (Rising overnight is preferred.)
When doubled, punch down dough and form into rolls about the size of a golf ball and set 2" apart on a lightly greased cookie sheet.
Allow rolls to rise in a warm, draft-free location until they reach the desired size. (If dough was refrigerated, it should take 3-4 hours of rising time, if dough is still warm, let rise about 2-3 hours until doubled.)
Bake at 350 degrees for approx. 12-15 min.
Bottoms will brown more than the top, so be careful not to overbake.

Submitter: 
MOLLYSMAMA
Description: 
They take awhile to make, but these rolls are a family favorite thru 4 generations. Gramma Georgie made these for every family get together for at least 50 years.  They're perfect for sandwiches, dinner rolls, or toasted for breakfast. These can rise overnight in the fridge.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
3/12 hrs.
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
NA
