URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62157982/nam-sod-thai-pork-salad/
Title:
Nam Sod (Thai Pork Salad) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
(Can be halved)
2 cups FRESH lime juice. (5-6 limes make a cup)
6 tablespoons fish sauce
2 tablespoons dried chili flakes
12-13 fresh red or green Thai peppers (seeds removed, finely chopped)
6-8 shallots sliced very thin
1 small to medium onion halved and sliced very thin
6-8 green onions coarse slices
1 red onion sliced very thin
1 cup unsalted roasted peanuts (can use lightly salted)
1 cup fresh ginger chopped fine (make sure pieces are very small or ginger will be over   powering in some bites)
2 cup fresh cilantro leaves chopped
4 cups fresh mint leaves chopped
2-3 lbs fresh ground lean pork
1 package of Romaine lettuce hearts
Optional:  Bean thread noodles

Directions:
Dressing:  A lot of prep but worth it in the end.
Combined limejuice, fish sauce, dried and fresh chilies.  Mix well; add shallots, green onions, onion, red onion, peanuts, ginger, mint and cilantro.  Mix well and set aside while you prepare the pork.
Pork:
Heat a nonstick skillet on medium high heat.  Add pork and break it up as it cooks.  Continue to cook and break up until all the pork is cooked (no pinkness), then drain any liquid from pan.  Take care not to over cook (do not "brown" it) it will make the pork tough.  Allow pork to cool for a few minutes and make sure it is broken up into small pieces (similar to ground taco meat).
Add the pork to the dressing mixture and mix very well.  Let set for 10 minutes or you can put it in the refrigerator overnight.  You can garnish the mixture with chilies, peanuts, mint leaves and cilantro leaves held back or left over from making the dressing.
To Serve:  Spoon mixture into lettuce leaves, like putting a hotdog in a bun, or serve over noodles or chop lettuce and cabbage together and spoon mixture over it in a bowl.  This recipe taste just like what you get at a Thai resturant.  It will keep in the refrigerator in an air tight container for 3 to 4 days.

Submitter: 
Bud W
Description: 
This is a spicy, flavorful pork salad that is eaten as a side or main dish.  You can serve it on cabbage or lettuce leaves.  It can also be served over shredded cabbage, bean thread (mung bean noodles) or lettuce.  Try your local oreintal market to find Thai peppers, fish sauce and fresh mint leaves.  Fresh lime juice is important.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
60 m
Ready in:
90 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
