URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62152283/grilled-halibut-with-a-mixed-green-and-mangopapaya-salad/
Title:
Grilled Halibut with  A Mixed Green and Mango/Papaya Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/852535.jpg
Ingredients:
4 halibut steaks/filets about 1 - 1 1/2" thick
Kosher Salt
Fresh Ground Black Papper
1 Tsp. Fresh chopped dill
Marinade:
Extra Virgin Olive Oil
1/2 juice of lemon
1 Tsp. Italian Seasoning
1 Tsp. garlic (chopped)
2 TBSP honey
1 c. Fresh Squezzed Orange Juice (*Simply Orange*)perferred
1/4 Tsp. red pepper flakes
Mix Green Salad(spinach,raddicio,romain-red/green, tango, butter, etc)
1 c. slice baby bella mushrooms
3 strips of bacon (pre-cooked) or fresh
1 Mango, scored and cut into chunks
1 Papaya, seeded and cut into chunks
1/2 small red onion chopped
3 TBSP Feta Cheese - crumbled
Dressing
2 c. Italian Dressing
1 c. Fresh Squeezed Orange Juice - Chilled (Simply Orange)recommended
1 TBSP honey

Directions:
Heat grill, making sure not to over heat *George Foreman* or any table top grill can also be used for convience sake.
After Washing Halibut, pat dry and season with salt and pepper. Set aside
Combine all ingredients for marinade using a wisk to make sure it is well blended. Add Halibut steaks/filets let marinade for 45 mins. to 1 hour.
Remove from marinade and place on grill, and grill on both sides, To ensure your presentation place steaks on grill horizontally then vertically for perfect grill marks. Check for doneness. Halibut will spring back with a mild resistence when it is cooked through. Be careful not to overcook.  Remove from grill and add fresh dill to taste.
Combine all the above for Mixed Green Salad set aside.
Mix together Italian dressing, orange juice and honey using a whisk to ensure that the dressing in combined then simple pour over mix green salad.
Add fresh garlic bread/bread sticks and a glass of wine (Chardonnay, Souvignon Blanc) dry but the combination of the citrus dressing and the fruit and dill proves to be a delicious marriage of fruit and herbs.

Submitter: 
Ms.Chae916
Description: 
This is a recipe that is fresh and light especially for the Spring season which will soon be upon us. Does't take a lot of prep time with exception of marinating the fish. Can be done ahead and kept in the fridge for at least two days. Salad dressing as you will see is very easy and is so delicious and light.  Enjoy
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
35-45 min
Ready in:
15-20 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
