URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62151619/autumn-spiced-nuts/
Title:
Autumn Spiced Nuts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups pecan halves, walnuts, almonds or cashews (not roasted or salted)
4 tablespoons firmly packed brown sugar
1/2 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice or cinnamon ( prefer the pumpkin pie spice)
1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon unsalted butter (not margarine)
2 tablespoons light corn syrup
2 teaspoon water

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350. Spray a jellyroll pan or shallow edged pan with butter flavor cooking spray. Line another cookie sheet with waxed paper and spray the waxed paper lightly with butter flavor cooking spray. Set both pans aside. On a clean ungreased cookie sheet spread out the nuts. Toast in oven stirring every 2 minutes until a light golden brown (about 4 - 6 minutes). In a small bowl combine the brown sugar and spice; set aside. In a non-stick skillet melt the butter and corn syrup together until bubbly. Add the toasted nuts, sugar mixture and water; stir together well. Continue to cook over medium heat and stirring for 2 minutes. Pour nuts onto sprayed pan (not the waxed paper lined one) and spread out to form a shallow mound in center of the pan. Bake 2 minutes, stir nuts putting back into shallow mound in center (this will prevent any nuts from possibly burning) and bake another 2 minutes, stir and repeat 1 or 2 more times. You need to watch that the nuts are not getting too brown. Spread nuts in single layer on the waxed paper lined cookie sheet and cool completely. Break nuts apart and store in tightly covered container at room temp.

Submitter: 
FunwithFood
Description: 
These sweet spiced nuts are reminiscent of the warm cinnamon nuts you find at outside venders and fairs. My daughters and I love those nuts, so I decided to try to duplicate them at home. I also use the pecan ones to top my Bourbon Sweet Potatoes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
6 m
Ready in:
20
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
