URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62153025/buffalo-chicken-macaroni-and-cheese/
Title:
Buffalo Chicken Macaroni and Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 c. macaroni
2 large chicken breasts
1/4 c. or more depending on taste hot sauce, I use Frank's
1 tsp. granulated chicken bullion
1 small yellow onion, diced
1 pkg. Hidden Valley Ranch seasoning
2 tbs. butter
1 tbs. flour
1/3 c. milk
3 4oz. squares of velveeta, cubed
1/3 c. shredded sharp cheddar cheese
salt and pepper, to taste
Top with crushed chicken flavored crackers or ranch flavored tortilla chips.

Directions:
Place chicken in a slow cooker on low heat, add hot sauce and 2 tbs. of ranch seasoning.  Cook for 5 to 6 hours.
Shred chicken, add additional hot sauce and ranch seasoning if desired.  I add about another 1/2 c. of hot sauce and 1 tbs. ranch seasoning, depending on taste.
Cook macaroni according to directions on box adding chicken bullion, drain.
Sautee onions in butter.
Add salt and pepper and flour.
Stir until a paste forms, add milk.
Once well mixed, add cheese.  Watch carefully and stir until fully melted.
Place macaroni, chicken mixture and cheese into a large bowl, I just use the slow cooker insert so I won't have to dirty another bowl.
Mix well.
Top with crushed chicken flavored crackers or ranch flavored tortilla chips and bake uncovered in a 350 degree oven until fully heated, about 15 minutes.
**Note:  You do not have to cook chicken in a slow cooker, it's just as easy to use leftovers from a rotisserie chicken and mix them in hot sauce and ranch seasoning and heat over the stove.  Also, if the leftover macaroni seems a bit dry I recommend adding some milk or chicken broth.

Submitter: 
TARAWVU
Description: 
I came up with this one day when I was looking for an alternative to buffalo wings.  I couldn't believe how good it is, even the 3 year-old I take care of scarfed it down!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 min.
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
