URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62155281/fondant-glazed-petit-fours/
Title:
Fondant Glazed Petit Fours Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Almond Cake
3.5 oz. almond paste
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1/2 cup butter or margarine, softened
3 large eggs
1/2 cup all purpose flour
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1/8 teaspoon salt
Glaze
4 tablespoon butter or margarine
5 tablespoon milk
2 tablespoon light corn syrup
16 ounces confectioners' sugar
food coloring

Directions:
Prepare Almond Cake: Preheat oven to 350° F. Grease and flour 24 mini muffin-pan cups.
Crumble almond paste into mixer. Add granulated sugar and mix until finely ground. Add butter and cream until smooth. Add eggs and stir until combined. Add flour, baking powder and salt. Spoon batter into muffin-pan cups, filling almost to top.
Bake cakes 12 to 15 minutes or until golden brown. Cool cakes in pans on wire rack 10 minutes. Invert cakes from pans onto wire rack to cool completely.
Prepare Fondant Glaze: In microwave-safe medium bowl, heat butter in microwave oven on High about 30 seconds or until melted. Stir in milk, corn syrup, and salt, then stir in confectioners' sugar until glaze mixture is smooth. Reserve 2 tablespoons white glaze for decorating tops of petits fours; cover with plastic wrap to prevent drying out. Divide remaining glaze into desired number of custard cups; tint with choice of food coloring.
Decorate petits fours: If necessary, trim rounded sides of cakes so they will sit flat. Set cakes, still on wire rack, over waxed paper. Spoon tinted glazes over cakes as desired, allowing glaze to run down sides and drip onto waxed paper. If necessary, use small metal spatula to spread glaze evenly over tops and sides of cakes. Allow glaze to set, about 25 minutes.
When glaze on cakes is set, spoon reserved white glaze and remaining tinted glazes into icing pouch to make shapes.

Submitter: 
Heather Harmon
Description: 
The cake for these petit fours stays together well for glazing and makes a beautiful dessert. You will look like a pro with this easy recipe.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
