URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62156841/three-cheese-cheesy-potato-casserole/
Title:
Three Cheese Cheesy Potato Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 lb. bag frozen shredded hash brown potatoes
12 ounce shredded cheddar cheese, divided into 2 cups and 1 cup
1 (8 oz) cup shredded Parmesan cheese
1 cup chive and onion cream cheese, softened
1 cup sour cream
1 can cream of potato soup (or you may use another flavor cream soup, like cream of chicken, cream of celery, etc.)
1/2 stick butter, melted
Topping is optional: If topping used may use any one of these suggestions-
1 1/2 cups Durkee French Fried Onions or Cheddar French Fried Onions
1 1/2 cups crushed potato chips (plain or sour cream and onion)
1 1/2 cups slightly crushed corn flakes tossed with 1/2 cup melted butter

Directions:
*Thaw the potatoes if baking casserole right away, otherwise it is not necessary to thaw them.*
Grease a 9 x 13 baking pan or casserole dish; set aside. In large bowl mix onion and chive cream cheese, sour cream, cream soup and melted butter using a whisk until smooth and well blended. Add potatoes, toss and stir until well mixed. Add 2 cups cheddar and the Parmesan cheese and mix well. Spoon evenly into prepared baking dish. Sprinkle 1 cup Cheddar cheese over all. Cover with foil and place in refrigerator if not cooking till next day. Other wise cover with foil and bake in preheated 325 oven for 60 to 75 minutes. If baking next day be sure to take casserole out of frig and allow to sit at room temp for 30 minutes prior to baking. Bake as directed above.
If using optional topping bake the casserole covered for 40 minutes; remove foil and sprinkle evenly with the topping of your choice. Bake uncovered and additional 15 - 25 minutes or until topping is golden brown.

Submitter: 
FunwithFood
Description: 
Rich, creamy and cheesy potato dish that is all about comfort food! So simple and easy to put together. You may bake immediately or this may be prepared a day in advance and kept in frig until ready to bake.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
6 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
