URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62152273/chaes-crab-cakes-with-mango-peach-salsa/
Title:
Chae's Crab Cakes with Mango & Peach Salsa Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/850607.jpg
Ingredients:
1 16 oz. container of Lump Crab meat
1 16 oz. container of Special White Crab meat
2 eggs (beaten)
2 c. Panco bread crumbs or Italian Bread Crumbs
3 TBSP flour
1/2 Tsp. Kosher Salt
1/2 Tsp. Fresh Ground Black Pepper
3 scallions chopped
Salt and Fresh Ground Black Pepper
1/4 c. light olive oil
Salsa
2 mangoes peeled/scored and cut into chunks
2 peaches pitted and cut into chunks (skin removed)
1/2 c. sweet red onion
1 fresh Japaleno Pepper
1/3 c. cilantro rough chopped
1 TBSP baslamic vinegar
1 1/2 TBSP honey
2 Roma Tomatoes medium/seeded/chopped

Directions:
After making sure the crab meat has no shells, Gently combine the crab meat, scallions,salt and pepper, using a wooden spoon or silicone spatula. Making sure you don't break up the crab meat.
Add beaten eggs and flour, then shape into medium sized cakes about 4-5".
Take Panco bread crumbs and a rolling pin to crush the crumbs down to a finer crumb.  Not to fine - roll over crumbs placed in a plastic storage bag, leaving the bag open to allow air to escape. Once you have the crumbs the right consistency, simply take crab cakes and coat on both sides, trying not to break them.
Heat oil in a large skillet on medium heat, don't let oil burn/smoke. Add crab cakes four at a time and let cook until golden brown on both sides. Place on a absorbent paper towel (Viva, Brawny) to drain excess oil, if any.
Combine all the above ingredients for salsa, stirring carefully so as not to bruise the fruit. Place in fridge to chill.  Serve on top of or along side crab cakes.
Can be served with a simple salad of mix greens and croutons, mushrooms and bacon with a simple citrus dressing. Add some grilled garlic bread and it time to eat!

Submitter: 
Ms.Chae916
Description: 
This recipe is easy to make, can be done ahead of time simply by storing the formed crab cakes in the freezer. Also the salsa can be refrigerated for up to three days. Italian Bread Crumbs can be substituted if you desire a more flavorful herb taste. I like to taste the crab meat. It's sweet delicate flavor comes through with the Panco crumbs.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25-30 min
Ready in:
30 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
