URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62155871/broccoli-and-cauliflower-gratin/
Title:
Broccoli and Cauliflower Gratin Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup plus 2 tsp. butter
2 heads cauliflower, trimmed and cut into large florets
2 large stalks broccoli, cut into large florets
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
4 cups milk
2 cups grated old cheddar cheese
1/2 tsp pepper
1 Tbsp. dry mustard
1 Tbsp. worcestershire sauce
1 cup italian seasoned bread crumbs
1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil
paprika

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees.  Grease 3 quart casserole dish with 2 tsp butter.
Prepare vegetables by cutting into large florets.  Broccoli stalks can be used as well.  Cut off the end and peel.  Cut into quarters.
Bring large pot of water to a boil.  Add cauliflower and boil for 8 - 10 minutes, until tender but still firm.  If using broccoli stalks, add them around the five minute mark with the cauliflower.  Transfer cauliflower only, with slotted spoon, to colander and run under cold water to stop cooking process.  Pat dry with paper towels.
Return water to a boil and add the rest of the broccoli.  Cook until tender but firm, about 5 minutes.  Drain in  colander, again running under cold water.  Pat dry with paper towels.
Place the cauliflower and broccoli in the prepared casserole dish.
Melt remaining butter in saucepan and then add flour.  Whisk constantly over medium heat for about 4 minutes.
Add milk and continue to whisk until sauce comes to a boil and thickens.  Remove from heat.
Whisk in pepper, mustard, and worcestershire sauce (If you like your sauce spicy, you can add a bit of cayenne here too).  Add cheese and stir until melted and fully combined.
Pour cheese sauce over vegetables.  Gently rap dish on counter to remove any air bubbles.
Combine bread crumbs and olive oil. Sprinkle over top of vegetable and sauce mixture. Sprinkle top with paprika for colour.
Bake casserole in oven for 30 minutes until golden brown.  Serve hot.

Submitter: 
foodfanatic
Description: 
This is a great way to dress up Broccoli and Cauliflower with Cheese.  You can even make your vegetables the night before and then finish in the oven the next day.  Tastes great the first day and as leftovers too!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
70 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
