URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62154650/peanut-butter-brownie-torte/
Title:
Peanut Butter Brownie Torte Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/291044.jpg
Ingredients:
1  box (18.2 ounces) brownie mix (plus ingredients for cake-like brownies)
1/2  cup chopped dry-roasted peanuts
4  ounces cream cheese, softened
1/2  cup creamy peanut butter
1/2  cup confectioner's sugar
1-2  tablespoons half and half
2 1/2  cups heavy whipping cream
1 tsp vanilla
3-4 tbsp confectioner's sugar
1  tbsp light corn syrup
3/4  cup semisweet chocolate chips
For Garnish:
sweetened whipped cream
chopped peanuts
chocolate-peanut butter cup candies
sundae caramel sauce

Directions:
Heat oven to 350°F. Lightly grease bottom and sides of a 9 or 10 inch springform pan (mine is actually 9 1/2).
Prepare brownie mix according to package directions for cakelike brownies. Fold in chopped nuts. Pour batter into greased pan. Bake in preheated oven until brownie is just set and a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean, 25 to 35 minutes. Cool completely in pan on a wire rack.
Whip 2 cups of the heavy whipping cream in a chilled bowl with chilled beaters.  Divide in half.  Place half in refrigerator to use later in peanut butter filling. Add 1 tsp vanilla and 3-4 tbsp of confectioner's sugar to remainder of whipped cream and whip until blended.  Put sweetened whipped cream in the refrigerator to use as garnish later on finished torte.
Using an electric mixer and a medium bowl, beat cream cheese until smooth. Beat in peanut butter then add confectioners' sugar; beat until just blended (it will look lumpy). Add half and half; beat lightly to loosen mixture.  Gently fold in the unsweetened whipped cream. Spread peanut butter mixture evenly over cooled brownie layer. Refrigerate or freeze until well set (approximately 1 hour in refrigerator or 30-45 minutes in the freezer).
After peanut butter filling has chilled, heat remaining 1/2 cup cream in a small saucepan over medium heat until just boiling. Remove from heat; add corn syrup and chocolate chips. Cover and let stand 5 minutes. Stir until smooth. Pour glaze over chilled peanut butter mixture and spread to cover completely. Return to refrigerator for at least 1 hour, or freezer for 30-45 minutes, until well set.
Dip a long knife in warm water and run around the edge of the torte to loosen from the sides of the pan.  Unlatch the sides of the pan and transfer the torte to a serving plate. Garnish with whipped cream, nuts, candy and caramel sauce.

Submitter: 
Bev511
Description: 
A beautiful and decadent treat made with a brownie mix.  Get ready for lots of compliments!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
