URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62150713/memas-chicken-and-dumplings/
Title:
Mema's Chicken and Dumplings Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 chicken (4-5 lbs) made for stewing
1 sweet onion, sliced
1 1/2 - 2 tsp black pepper (to taste)
1 tsp. salt
4 Tbs salted butter
6 Tbs flour
3/4 tsp. celery seed
6-12 oz chicken stock
1/2 cup whipping cream
DUMPLINGS:
2 cups flour
1 tsp. salt
4 tsp. baking powder
1 Tbs shortening
3/4 cup milk

Directions:
Add water to chicken in stock pot until water is about 1 1/2 inches above chicken.
Add sliced onion, celery seed, salt and pepper.
Simmer chicken until done, around 1 - 1 1/2 hours.
Remove chicken from stock, reserving around 1 qt of broth.
Add additional chicken broth as needed for stronger taste; broth should be robust but not greasy or watery-tasting.
Remove meat from chicken when cool enough to handle, tearing and/or chopping to large bite-sized pieces.
Melt butter in a cup.
Stir flour into butter to create a paste.
Add paste to chicken stock over low heat, 1 Tbs at a time, stirring constantly.
Cook for 2 minutes at medium low heat.
Add chicken and whipping cream to broth, adjusting pepper for taste.
Spoon dumplings on top of gently bubbling mixture and cover.  Cook for 15 minutes WITHOUT LIFTING LID.
Serve immediately.
DUMPLINGS:
Sift dry ingredients together.
Blend in shortening with pastry blender or fork.
Add milk and mix well.
Roll dough flat to 1/4 inch on slightly floured surface with floured rolling pin.
Slice dumplings with a sharp knife into 1 inch x 2 1/2 inch strips.
Place dough in broth mixture as indicated above.

Submitter: 
Alison Hartley
Description: 
Rich Southern Recipe for Chicken and Dumplings that my grandmother from Alabama made.  Not a quick recipe, but well worth the effort!  Great winter meal when served with a side salad of winter greens.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
