URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62153618/mushroom-spinach-lasagna/
Title:
Mushroom Spinach  "Lasagna" Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (16 oz) box Fetuccini noodles
1/2c chopped basil
1/2 tsp cracked black pepper
1 LG onion (chopped)
1 lb baby portabello mushrooms, sliced
1 (12 oz) jar roasted red peppers, drained and finely-diced
2 egg whites
1/2 tsp nutmeg
4 cups spaghetti sauce
1 tsp extra-virgin olive oil
1/2 tsp salt
1 T olive oil
6 LG cloves garlic, minced
1 lb spinach, chopped
1 (15 oz) tub ricotta cheese
1 tsp salt
1/3 c grated parmesean cheese
1/2 lb grated mozarella cheese

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees Fahrenheit. Grease 9"x13" baking dish.
Boil pasta for 2 minutes and drain. Shock with cold water and drain again. Immediately toss with  extra-virgin olive oil, basil, 1/2 tsp salt, and 1/4 tsp black pepper. Set aside.
In large pan, heat 1 T olive oil over medium heat. Saute onion and garlic for 3 minutes.
Add mushrooms. Saute, stirring often, until they begin to soften. Add remaining salt and pepper to taste.
Add spinach, stirring just enough to wilt down. Drain liquid and set aside.
In a medium size bowl, beat the ricotta cheese, egg whites, salt, nutmeg and parmesan cheese until evenly mixed. Set aside.
Add 1/2 of pasta mixture to baking dish. Layer 2c spaghetti sauce, spinach/mushroom mixture, red peppers, ricotta cheese mixture, and remaining pasta, spreading each layer evenly to make sure there are no gaps. Top with remaining 2c spaghetti sauce.
Bake 20 min. Remove from over. Evenly sprinkle top of dish with mozarella cheese. Bake for additional 20 minutes. Allow to cool for 10 minutes prior to cutting.

Submitter: 
FoodJunkie
Description: 
This recipe was given to me by a vegetarian co-worker several years ago. Although the pasta in this dish is layered like traditional lasagna, the recipe uses fetuccine noodles rather than lasagna noodles. I imagine that lasagna noodles can be substituted in place of the fetuccine if you prefer with similar results, although it may be more difficult to season and flavor the larger noodles.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
9
Nutritional Facts:
NA
