URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62152786/macaron-french-macaroon/
Title:
Macaron (French Macaroon) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
100g egg whites
50g white (granulated) sugar
200g confectioners' sugar
110g ground almonds

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 285F degrees.  Line a cookie sheet with Silpat (see http://www.silpat.com/).  With a whisk or better yet, a mixer with a whisk attachment, mix the eggs until they are foamy.  Then, add white sugar and continue mixing until the eggs form a soft-peak meringue.
Sift the confectioner's sugar and the ground almonds together into a bowl.  The point of sifting is to remove any large pieces of almonds and to thoroughly combine the sugar and almond together.  It is very important not to have chunks of almonds in this recipe.  If you do not have a sifter, you can use a blender or food processor to thoroughly mix the almonds and sugar.  Just blend or pulse for thirty seconds.
Add the almond/sugar mix to the meringue.  The technique is important; you are going to fold the almond/sugar into the meringue quickly because almond oil can break down the meringue.  To mix the meringue and almond/sugar mix took me about thirty strokes.  Do not over-do it.  How do you know if it's mixed enough?  See step four.
Use a pastry bag with a plain tip to pipe rounds of batter onto the baking sheets.  The rounds should be tiny, a little smaller than an Oreo cookie.  IF THE ROUND HAS A PEAK ON IT AND DOES NOT FLATTEN IMMEDIATELY ONTO THE BAKING SHEET, THE BATTER NEEDS TO BE FOLDED (MIXED) MORE.  Remember that because the consistency of the mix is like cake batter, you're going to have to be quick about piping it onto the Silpat.  Hold the pastry bag sideways between piping so it doesn't spill.
This is the all important step!  Let the piped rounds sit out on a counter for an hour.  This lets them form a hard shell on top so when you cook them they are round and shiny on top and expand down and sideways.
Put them in the oven for ten minutes.  They should NOT brown.  If they start browning, they have been in too long and should be removed.
Let them cool completely before piping your choice of filling on a cookie and sandwiching another cookie on top.  These are like cloud cookie sandwiches and are delicious if done correctly.  If you want to do it the super-easy way, just fill with your favorite flavor of frosting.

Submitter: 
Elle
Description: 
This is the quintessential macaron (NOT macaroon) recipe that several submitters have tried to emulate here and failed (see the picture on Macaroons I for what these cookies look like).  I am a baker's apprentice, and after much trial and error, we (the baker and I) finally perfected the technique.  We decided to share with you all.  Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
70 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
