URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62150759/eat-your-heart-out-turkey-lasagna/
Title:
Eat Your Heart Out Turkey Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
12 Lasagna Noodles
2 tsp Extra Virgin Olive Oil
1/2 medium yellow onion, diced
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 green bell pepper, diced
1 pound lean ground turkey
1/2 tsp rosemary, dried
3/4 tsp basil, dried
3/4 tsp sage, ground
1/4 tsp thyme, dried
Salt and pepper to taste
1/2 tsp worcestershire sauce
1/2 tsp BBQ sauce
1 Tbsp Balsamic Vinegar
1/2 C red wine
2 24 oz jars spaghetti sauce
1 15 oz cans italian style diced tomatoes, lightly drained
3 C baby spinach, washed and trimmed
1 C sharp cheddar, grated
1 large egg
1 15 oz container non-fat ricotta
3/4 C part skim mozzarella, grated
1/2 C fresh grated parmesean

Directions:
Pre-heat oven to 350 degrees.
Cook lasagna noodles according to package instructions with a splash of olive oil to keep them from sticking.
When the noodles are done, rinse in cold water and separate.
In a saucepan on medium heat sautee the onion, garlic and green pepper in remaining olive oil until the onions are soft and translucent, about 5-7 minutes.
Add the ground turkey to the onions.
Immediately add all of the dry spices, worcestershire, balsamic vinegar and BBQ sauce - This is what flavors the meat.
Stir the turkey with all seasonings carefully so as not to break it up too much.
Cook until the turkey is cooked through - about 10 minutes.
If there is a lot of liquid from your turkey, pour most of it off, leaving just enough to keep the meat from sticking in the pan.
Add the spaghetti sauce, and can of lightly drained tomatoes.
Add 1/2 C red wine to the sauce jars and swirl to get the last of the sauce, add to pan and stir to combine.
Once the sauce is simmering, add the spinach and simmer until spinach is wilted.
While the sauce is simmering, mix the cheeses and egg in a bowl reserving 1/4 C of the mozzarella and 1/4 C of the parmesean cheeses.
To assemble the lasagna, spoon enough sauce for a light layer on the bottom of a 9"x13" pan. Add a layer of noodles, topped with half of the cheese mixture. Using a spoon, drop the cheese mix evenly over the noodles. add a little less than half of the remaining turkey and spinach sauce. Add another layer of noodles, with cheese and sauce. Use the final noodles as the top layer and top with the last little bit of sauce, used to keep the top layer moist. Cover with foil and bake for 30 minutes. Remove foil and top with last of the cheeses, bake for another 5 minutes until the cheese is melted on top. Let cool for 15 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
AZ
Description: 
It is possible to have flavorful turkey and vegetable lasagna as an alternative to the standard beef and cheese version. This recipe has a lot of ingredients, and takes some time, but every good lasanga recipe does. In the summer I like to add other fresh veggies such as zucchini or squash from the garden. Mushrooms are nice too. Less fat and fewer calories, but that doesn't mean less flavor! It freezes well, but that's only if you have leftovers!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45
Ready in:
80
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
