URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62158132/buds-beef-stew/
Title:
Bud's Beef Stew Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2-3 lbs. Beef Roast or Stew Meat
10 cups Water or stock
3  Medium Onions
½ cup Red Wine
¼ cup  Olive Oil
1 tbs. Dried Parsley
1 cup All Purpose Flour
1 tsp. Thyme (or 6 sprigs tied)
1 tsp. Salt
2 tbs. Worceshire Sauce
½ tsp. Black Pepper (or more)
2 tsp. Mined Garlic
½ tsp. Cayenne Pepper
½ stick Butter
2 Bay Leaves
12-14 Medium Potatoes (about 5 lbs.)
10 Carrots
2 cups Mushroom (optional)

Directions:
-Mix flour, salt, black pepper and cayenne pepper in a 1 gallon plastic bag.
-Cut beef into approximately 1” cubes and coat in flour mixture.  Retain flour for later use.
-In a large pot pour ¼ cup olive oil and heat over medium high.  Add enough pieces of beef to cover bottom of pot.  Brown meat on all sides them remove and repeat until all meat is cooked.  Set cooked meat aside.
-Cut onion coarsely and add to pot.  Sauté onions until mostly clear.  Deglaze the pot with wine.  Add 10 cups water (can use beef or veal broth or stock) and meat to pot.  Bring to boil, add thyme, garlic, parsley and bay leaves.  Cover, reduce heat and simmer 2-3 hours.  If you need to you can extend this time some to make it fit your schedule.
-In a non-stick pan sauté carrots (cut into ¼ to ½ inch pieces) in butter until lightly browned and add to pot.  Stir
-Cut up potatoes into ½ inch pieces and add to pot.  Bring pot back to boil after carrots and potatoes are added.  Mix flour from step above with ¾ cup of cold water and mix well and add to pot.  Boil additional 2-4 minutes reduce heat, cover and simmer about 45 minutes until gravy is thickened.  Salt and pepper to taste.
-(Optional) Add mushrooms (cut into ½ inch pieces) the last 20 to 30 minutes of cooking.
-Does not freeze once fully cooked.  If you want to prepare ahead and freeze you can do it after cooking the meat and spices for 2-3 hours before you add the carrots and potatoes.  I don't think it is as good if you freeze it at all, but I have done the above and it worked.

Submitter: 
Bud W
Description: 
A delicious and hardy meal.  Eat it plain with hard bread or over rice.  It has a rich, full bodied, well balanced flavor.  It makes a ton but I never end up tossing any out.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
5-6 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
