URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62153185/baked-fresh-rainbow-trout/
Title:
Baked Fresh Rainbow Trout Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2  large fresh Rainbow Trout, gutted and cleaned, heads and tails still on
1/2 large onion, sliced
1 -2 teaspoons olive oil
1/4 teaspoon each dill and thyme
salt and pepper
2 tablespoons water
2 thin lemon slices (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 F.  Grease with some olive oil  a 9 x 12 or 9x 14 glass baking dish (like Pyrex).
Rinse trout in cold water and pat dry.
Place trout in greased dish.  Rub remainder of olive oil on the top of them.
Sprinkle salt, dill and thyme inside and out of trout, (more or less depending on your taste).  Grind some pepper on top but not inside.  If you use mixed peppercorns it's more flavourful, but fine if you only have black ones.
Optional: If you wish, place one lemon slice atop each fish.
Bake in oven for 10 minutes.
Remove dish and add water to the dish to keep fish moistened.
Put back in oven and bake another 10 minutes.  Check for done-ness.
Serve with rice and veggies.  Light and delicious.  Be careful of bones!
You can use up leftovers the next day as a fish salad with mayonnaise and mustard.
If you can't stand to look at fish heads, you can remove head beforehand.

Submitter: 
In-a-Pickle
Description: 
Very easy and tasty recipe I invented one day with ingredients on hand,  for fresh Rainbow Trout (farmed or wild) that my family loves.  It takes very little time and is much lighter than ocean fish.  I use whole fish you can buy  already  gutted from the supermarket, with heads and tails still on.  Make sure you pick trout that are really, really fresh. I find the dish doesn't even need lemon slices but you can use them if you like. The key is to remember to add the water to the dish as instructed in directions, which keeps fish from drying out.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
