URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62157409/porter-cupcakes-with-cream-cheese-frosting-and-brown-sugar-cream-filling/
Title:
Porter Cupcakes with Cream Cheese Frosting and Brown Sugar Cream filling Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Porter Cake:
1 box chocolate cake mix
1 cup porter (guinness, black butte, your fav)
1/2 cup buttermilk
3 eggs
1/4 cup mayonnaise
1/3 cup vegetable oil
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon ginger
1/8 teaspoon cardamom
2 egg whites, beaten to stiff peaks
Brown Sugar Cream Filling:
1/2 cup brown sugar
4 tablespoons butter
1 teaspoon vanilla
12 oz. evaporated milk
6 egg yolks
1/2 cup porter
3 tablespoons corn starch
Cream Cheese Frosting:
2 (8 oz) packages cream cheese
1/2 cup butter, softened
1 teaspoon vanilla
2 cups powdered sugar

Directions:
Making the cupcakes:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.  In a mixing bowl, mix the cake mix, porter, buttermilk, 3 eggs, mayo, vegetable oil and spices.  Mix for about 3 minutes, until smooth.  Fold 1/3 of the egg whites into the cake batter, then fold in the rest of the egg whites.  Prepare cupcake pans with paper liners and then spray the pan with non-stick cooking spray.  This helps to keep things from sticking if it goes over the cup.  Fill cups about 3/4 full with batter.  Bake for about 20 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted comes out clean.
Making the Filling:
While the cupcakes are baking, prepare the filling.  In a medium saucepan add the brown sugar, butter, vanilla and 3/4 cup of evaporated milk.  Cook over medium for about 5 minutes, stirring frequently.  In a small bowl, add the remaining evaporated milk, egg yolks, porter and corn starch.  Mix until there are no lumps.  After the sugar has cooked for 5 minutes, slowly dribble the sugar mixture into the egg mixture.  I do this 1 spoonful at a time and stirring well inbetween so that I don't cook the eggs.  Then add the mixture back into the sauce pan and cook on medium, stirring constantly.  Cook until it gets really thick, I find this happens before it has quite reached a boil.  Take from the heat and pour into a shallow baking dish.  Cover it completely with plastic wrap so that the wrap is directly touching the entire top of the cream, otherwise you will get a film on top.  Place this in the fridge to cool.
Assembly:
Once your cupcakes are all baked and cooled, take a paring knife and cut a 1 inch diameter circle from the middle of the cupcake.  Hold the knife at a slight angle and you will get a nice cone to come out.  Cut almost the entire bottom of the cone, so that you end up with a 1 inch diameter circle of cake that is about a quarter inch thick (this is the top of the cupcake).  Put your filling into a pastry bag, or gallon zip lock bag, and pipe it into the cupcake until just below the top.  Then place your top back on.  Once you have your cupcakes all stuffed, make the frosting.
Making the frosting:
In a mixer, add the cream cheese, butter, and vanilla.  Whip until smooth and creamy.  Slowly add in the powdered sugar and whip until you have a nice light fluffy frosting.  Use the frosting to finish off the cupcakes.

Submitter: 
Emily P.
Description: 
These cupcakes are made with a boxed mix, but nobody will ever be able to guess.  I use a 1/4 cup mayonnaise in the recipe, but don't get weirded out.  Mayo is just egg yolks and oil, which the cake already has in it anyways.  It really turns the cake into a moist masterpiece.  Just don't tell anyone it's in the cake, they won't understand the genius behind it.  ;)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
30
Nutritional Facts:
NA
