URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62157713/ellenc-reuben-shmeuben---have-a-meatball1/
Title:
(ellenc) Reuben, Shmeuben - Have a Meatball!1 Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 cup Pumpernickel Rye bread crumbs *(see note below directions)
1 cup cooked corned beef, minced
1 cup Bavarian sauerkraut, drained, squeezed dry, and chopped
1 cup Swiss cheese, finely shredded
1/2 cup onion, finely minced
2 tablespoons cider vinegar
2 tablespoons mayonnaise
1 tablespoon crushed garlic (from a jar or freshly pressed)
1 tablespoon Dijon mustard
1 tablespoon sugar
1 egg, beaten
For dipping:
Thousand Island dressing
Russian dressing
Honey mustard
Horseradish sauce

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
Brush surface of a large cookie sheet with 1T olive oil, or spray with olive oil flavored nonstick cooking spray.
Combine bread crumbs, corned beef, sauerkraut, Swiss cheese, onion, vinegar, mayonnaise, garlic, mustard, sugar, and egg; mix well.
Form into 1 to 1-1/2 inch meatballs and place 2 inches apart on cookie sheet.
Bake at 400 degrees for 15 to 20 minutes.
Cool slightly, and carefully remove from cookie sheet with a spatula.
Stab each meatball with a frilly toothpick. (optional) :)
Serve with Thousand Island dressing, Russian dressing, honey mustard, and/or horseradish sauce for dipping.
*(I used 4 slices of Pepperidge Farm Deli Swirl Rye & Pumpernickel, dried in a 200 degree oven for about an hour. I crumbed mine in a baggie with a rolling pin, but you can use a blender or food processor. You can use 4 slices of either rye or pumpernickel, or 2 of each.)

Submitter: 
evian257
Description: 
I love Reuben sandwiches, but they're SOOO messy to eat. These tasty little treats have all the flavor (and all the ingredients!) of a full-sized Reuben in a bite-sized meatball. Guaranteed to leave your chin sauerkraut free!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
