URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62152621/white-chocolate-teri-berry-cheesecake/
Title:
White Chocolate Teri-Berry Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Crust:
1-1/2 c. graham crackers, broken up
1/2 c. chopped or slivered almonds
1/2 c. white sugar
6 T. butter, melted
Fruit Swirl:
6 oz. fresh or frozen blueberries
4 oz. fresh or frozen strawberries
2 tsp. cornstarch
1/4 c. white sugar
1/2 c. water
Filling:
1 bag (11 oz.) white chocolate chips
1/4 c. sweetened condensed milk
1/4 c. milk
3 (8 oz.) pkgs cream cheese, softened
1/2 c. white sugar
3 eggs
1/2 tsp. vanilla extract
1/2 tsp. almond extract

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325 deg F.
Crust: Combine crumbled graham crackers, almonds and sugar in blender or food processor; process until fine. In medium bowl, combine crumb mixture and melted butter; press into bottom and 1" up side of Springform pan.
Fruit Swirl: In saucepan, combine berries, cornstarch, sugar and water; heat to boiling over medium heat, stirring often. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Press through fine mesh strainer to remove seeds and pulp.
Filling: In microwave-safe bowl, combine white chocolate chips, condensed and regular milks; microwave on High 1 minute; remove and stir until all chips are melted; set aside. In large bowl, cream together sugar and cream cheese until very smooth. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well between each addition. Add melted chocolate mixture and extracts; continue beating on medium speed for 3-4 minutes.
Pour half of cream cheese filling into crust. Spoon half of berry mixture over filling in a circular pattern. Pour in remaining filling and then spoon on remaining berry mix in a circular pattern. Use the tip of a knife to "pull through" the topping to create a marbling pattern.
Bake in 325 deg oven for 55-60 minutes, until set and just golden around the edge. Turn off the oven and crack the door open; let sit in oven for 30-40 minutes, until room temperature.
Cover with plastic wrap and chill in refrigerator for at least 8 hours before removing side of pan and serving.

Submitter: 
Teri Carrillo-Fox
Description: 
This scrumptious white chocolate cheesecake with a blueberry-strawberry swirl has a special almond taste in the crust and the filling. This is a super rich treat, and individual slices freeze well (otherwise I would eat the whole thing myself!)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
