URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62150753/dutch-sauzijnbroodje-dutch-style-meatloaf/
Title:
Dutch Sauzijnbroodje (dutch style meatloaf) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Ingredients:
1 pack of puff pastry
1/2 lbs of ground beef (the leaner the better, 90% preferred)
1/4 cup of breadcrumbs
(alternative is to take a stale french bread and grate)
1/2 tsp Spicy paste such as Indonesian Sambal, Chili paste or red curry paste
1/2 tsp of paprika (optional)
1/8 tsp of ground ginger
1/2 tsp chili powder
1/8 tsp garlic powder
1/4 tsp ground coriander
1/8 tsp nutmeg
1 tsp salt (or more according to taste)
1/2 tsp ground black pepper (or more according to taste)
1 egg
some ketjap or other soy sauce to taste

Directions:
Instructions:
Preheat the oven at 375F.
Take the pastry out of the freezer and allow the 2 3 flap parts to defrost a bit for easy handling
Put the egg in a cup and clutch it. (this will be used half in the beef mixture and half to baste the pastry with)
Mix the (powder) spices in a cup and stir it for a homogeneous blend.
In a large bowl, mix the ground beef, spices mix, ketjap or soy sauce, hot paste (chili, red curry, sambal), breadcrumbs and half egg together by kneeding it together.
If the beef is not very lean (<90%) add some extra breadcrumbs to absorb some of the fat that can be leaked from the beef during baking.
When the pastry is moderately defrosted and possible to be unrolled, unfold the 3 flaps of each of the 2 wraps.
Cut one bar of the pastry of each wrap.
Take a portion (a third about) from the beef and roll it either in your hands or on the pastry long, so it becomes like a beef "tube" on the pastry. Don't roll it all the way onto each edge left and right (as it needs to be enclosed).
Now take a baste brush with a cup of water and water the edges of the pastry around where the beef is placed.
Put the other half of the pastry over the beef and kneed both edges of the pastry together by rubbing over the pastry (the water helps glue-ing the parts togeter).
Repeat the last 2 steps for each of the other 2 halfs so you'll have 3 bars of pastry wraps with the beef mixture.
Place the 3 bars on a piece of aluminum foil on a baking plate and take the left over clutched egg and baste that over the top of the 3 bars (for a nice golden brown look).
Put in the over for at least 30 minutes to cook the beef and puff the pastry.

Submitter: 
Briana
Description: 
A combination of ground beef with spices wrapped in puff pastry. A lovely snack for the Sunday afternoon, breakfast or as appetizer for cocktail hour
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
