URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62151891/chicken-brine/
Title:
Chicken Brine Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
water,
sea salt,
whole garlic clove,
fresh thyme,
fresh rosemary,
3oz ginger ( depends how much ginger you like)
cayenne pepper,
fresh parsley,
white wine ( Bare foot sauvignon blanc)
2 lemons zested,
1 navel orange zested
omega-3 oil

Directions:
First get a (big) pot and boil white wine, water and sea salt for 2 or 3 minutes until salt is dissolved. AFter the salt is dissolved keep the lid on the pot. Zest your lemons and orange, and chop the thyme, rosemary, parsley, garlic. Then with the ginger.Grate the ginger over the pot and let all the ingredients steep until the brine cools down. let stand for 8-10 hours until cool or if its cold outside (let stand 4-5 hours). After the brine cools down.place the chicken in the brine and make sure its completly submerged. Brine the chicken for day in a half or two days. After that wash the chicken under cold water to wash the brine off and then pat dry. Place chicken on a sheet pan uncovered in the refrigerator and let it air dry for up to 8 hours. so the skin can crisp while smoking. After the chicken is out getting up to roommate tempature rub with oil and stuff the chicken with any remainding lemons and oranges slices, fresh thyme, parsley, and rosemary and season the chicken with a dry rub and tie the chicken tight with butchers twine. And let stand while the grill is heating up. ( i did my chicken on a weber 18 1/2 grill with hickory chips) ( when the chicken is done cooking don't discard the lemon and orange slices cut in small pieces and eat with the chicken). (on the grill i had the bottem vent 3/4 closed as well with the top vent) Enjoy if you have any question feel free to ask.

Submitter: 
fubu30086
Description: 
Meat is very tender and juicy and bursting with flavor!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25-30
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
