URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62152221/acadian-meat-pie-tourtiere/
Title:
Acadian Meat Pie (tourtiere) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 - 1 1/2 to 2 lb lean round roast cut into cubes
1 - 1 1/2 to 2 lg lean pork roast (or can be more beef)
butter or oil
2 to 3 chicken breasts, bone-in, skin off
3 large onions
Salt & Pepper
Summer Savory (if desired)
egg whites
salt
Wild meat (deer, moose, rabbit or partridge, etc. can be used in any combination as a substitute, or an addition to the above).
Pie crust to make 4 pies (I use the original Crisco recipe -i.e. ice cold water in the shortening / flour mix, but in a pinch, I've used the Robin Hood prepared frozen pie crusts.  One pie crust thawed can be inverted over top of another filled pie crust for a quick, easy pie).

Directions:
The day before preparing pies; cut up pork and beef (or other meats) into cubes.  In a dutch oven, fry cubes in either butter or oil until lightly browned.
At same time, in another large pot, brown chicken breasts (or partridge).
When meats are browned, add enough water to simmer the meat (1 - 2 cups per pot).  Chop two onions and add to either pot.  Season with salt and pepper to taste, and simmer for one hour.
When chicken is cooked, pour remaining juices into beef / pork mixture.  Remove bones from chicken and add chicken to beef / pork mixture.
Simmer mixture for another hour over low heat adding moisture when necessary.  (It should not be too wet, but at the same time moist).  You'll note that when the meat is cooking, the juices come to the top of the meat.  Stir at least every 20 minutes.
Using a potato masher, mash the meat until it is mixed well and is mixed well. If it does not mash easily, simmer the meat some more. Taste and add seasonings if desired.  Remove from heat when meats are cooked.
Chop the third onion finely, mix into the meat mixture.  Cool meat in the refridgerator overnight.
On the day of the pie making, heat mixture up slowly just until warm.  Fill four pie crusts with 3 - 4 cups filling.  Using egg white and pastry brush, brush edge of pie crust.  Place pie crust over top crimping with either your thumb, or a fork.  Pierce pie crusts with fork and using pastry brush, brush top of pie crust with egg white.  Dredge pie crust with about 1/2 tsp salt per pie.
Bake at 450 degrees for 10 minutes until crusts are lightly browned...reduce heat to 350 degrees and cook pies for an additional 20 - 25 minutes.  Serve hot.
PS...If there is any additional meat mixture,  freeze to create additional fresh pies as desired.  I don't like frozen pies...this way, fresh meat pie is always at hand. Thaw meat in the fridge overnight, and reheat slowly before placing in crust.  Taste and add salt if necessary...

Submitter: 
NB Roy
Description: 
Traditional Christmas fare.  Rich comfort food, typically served after Christmas eve services, but can be had anytime your craving takes you.  I serve with a light garden salad and homemade pickles or relish.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20-30 minu
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
