URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62159190/savory-triple-cheese-potato-cake-with-ham/
Title:
Savory Triple Cheese Potato Cake with Ham Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/348294.jpg
Ingredients:
5 tbs. unsalted butter, divided
5 tbs. bread crumbs (plain) divided
3 pounds russet potatoes (about 6-7 medium) peeled and cut into 1 inch pieces
1/2 cup heavy cream
1 tsp. salt
1/4 tsp. pepper
3 tbs. chopped fresh chives
3 large eggs
3 oz. swiss cheese
3 oz. mozzarella cheese
4 oz. shaved deli ham, cut into 1/2 inch pieces
1/3 cup grated Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Heat oven to 350 degrees. Grease a 9" springform pan and sprinkle with 1/4 cup of the breadcrumbs. Shake pan to coat bottom evenly. Place potatoes in a large pot and add enough water to cover them by one inch. Bring to a boil over high heat, than lower the heat to maintain a gentle simmer. Cook until the potatoes are tender, about 10-15 minutes. Drain potatoes; wipe pot dry. Return potatoes to the pot; mash with 4 tbs. of the butter. Stir in cream, salt, pepper, and chives. Allow to cool for five minutes. Stir in eggs, one at a time. Spoon half of the potato mixture into prepared pan. Place slices of swiss cheese over potatoes to cover the surface. Cover with mozzarella. Sprinkle chopped ham evenly over cheese. Cover with remaining potatoes. Melt remaining 1 tbs. of butter; stir in Parmesan cheese and remaining 1 tbs. breadcrumbs. Sprinkle cheese mixture evenly on top of casserole. Bake in preheated oven until casserole is very hot and puffed and top is golden brown, about 35-45 minutes. Run a paring knife around the edge of the casserole to loosen. Cool for 10 minutes before unmolding. Serve hot.

Submitter: 
larkspur
Description: 
This delicious and exquisite souffle-like side dish combines the classic flavors of ham, three different cheeses, and chives. The crispy crust and fluffy interior of this unusual dish are sure to please!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
