URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62150795/phyllo-banana-purses-with-dark-chocolate-sauce/
Title:
Phyllo Banana Purses with Dark Chocolate Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
10 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided and softened
4 medium bananas, sliced into eight slices each
2 tablespoons sugar
1 tablespoon rum or rum extract
3 oz semi-sweet chocolate
6 tablespoons heavy cream
8 full sheets phyllo dough
½ cup confectioners sugar (10X)
4 large strawberries, sliced
1 pint vanilla ice cream

Directions:
Banana Filling:
Melt 6 tablespoons butter in a saute pan on medium heat. When the butter begins to bubble, add the sliced bananas. Saute until bananas begin to brown, approximately 2-3 minutes, then add the sugar. Stir the bananas and allow to caramelize. When the bananas have caramelized, deglaze with the tablespoon of rum or rum extract.
Chocolate Sauce:
Pour the heavy cream into a sauce pan and bring to a boil. Remove from heat. Add the chocolate, stirring constantly until it has completely melted and is totally incorporated into the cream.
Assembly:
Take the 8 full sheets of phyllo dough and cut in half. Each “purse” will require 4 (½ sheets). Place 4 sheets on a work surface an brush each sheet with 4 tablespoons butter, melted and a light sprinkling of confectioners sugar. In the center of the prepped phyllo sheets, place ¼ of the banana mixture and 1 tablespoon of the chocolate sauce. Gather up the ends of the phyllo dough, forming a pouch. Using a greased toothpick, gently weave & sew until securely gathered. Or simply tie the purse with kitchen string. Continue until all 4 purses have been completed. Bake the purses in a preheated oven at 375 degrees F for 7 minutes.
To Serve:
Decorate the serving plates with chocolate sauce. Place one purse on each plate, add a scoop of vanilla ice cream next to it. Decorate the plate with the sliced strawberries and drizzle remaining chocolate sauce over. Serve immediately.
To prepare in advance, made the purses and freeze without baking. Remove from the freezer a half hour prior to baking.

Submitter: 
bbqgirl
Description: 
This dessert takes a little extra time to make, but is so easy and it looks like an elegant dessert you'd order in a restaurant. Your friends and family will bee impressed!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
