URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62156845/stuffed-mushrooms-florentine/
Title:
Stuffed Mushrooms Florentine Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 to 2 lbs. fresh white mushrooms (all should be close to equal in size)
6 ounces cream cheese, softened
1/2 box/package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry
1 1/2 - 2 tsp minced garlic (you may use jar type if you like)
2 tsp dry Ranch dressing mix (I use Hidden Valley brand)
two dashes paprika
8 ounces shredded Parmesan cheese (not grated shaker type), divided into 6 ounces and 2 ounces
5 Tablespoons butter, melted
1/2 cup canned chicken broth ( I would not use bouillon cube as may be too salty)
1/3 - 1/2 cup herb and garlic bread crumbs (I use Progresso brand)

Directions:
Clean mushrooms by gently brushing them off with a soft clean cloth or paper towel. Separate the stems from the caps, discard the stems and set mushroom caps aside. Grease a 11x7 baking dish; set aside. Preheat oven to 350. In bowl blend together the cream cheese, spinach, garlic, paprika, Ranch mix and 6 ounces Parmesan cheese. Use your fingers to fill each hollow of mushroom cap with the filling gently pressing it down into the caps to fill completely. Use extra to press and form a mound on top. Place bread crumbs in a small deep bowl, turn each filled cap over and dip the exposed filling down into bread crumbs pressing it lightly into crumbs as needed so that the filling is completely covered and none is exposed. Place mushroom caps in prepared baking dish crumb side up. Drizzle melted butter evenly over each mushroom. Sprinkle remaining 2 ounces Parmesan cheese evenly over each mushroom. Carefully pour chicken broth around mushrooms and into pan (do NOT pour broth over the mushrooms). If you happen to have left over filling (sometimes I do) just divide it into small pieces and place in the bottom of the pan around the mushrooms. Bake uncovered at 350 for 30 minutes or until heated through and topping is golden brown.

Submitter: 
FunwithFood
Description: 
Tender juicy mushroom gems stuffed with a cheesy spinach filling make for a fabulous presentation and taste! And they are so quick and easy to make! These will impress anyone you serve them to.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
18 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
