URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62150516/maple-apple-swirl-bread/
Title:
Maple Apple Swirl Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
5-5/2 cups all-purpose flour
1 package active dry yeast
½ cup maple syrup
½ cup milk
3 tbs. butter
1 cup shredded apple
2 eggs, lightly beaten
1 tsp. maple flavoring
¾ tsp. salt
Filling:
1-½ cups finely chopped peeled apple
½ cup finely chopped walnuts, toasted
½ cup packed brown sugar
2 tsp. ground cinnamon
2 tbs. butter, softened
Glaze:
¾ cup powdered sugar
¼ tsp. maple flavoring
1 tsp. maple syrup
1-2 tsp. milk

Directions:
In a large mixer bowl combine 2 cups of the flour and the yeast; set aside. In a saucepan, heat and stir milk, butter, maple syrup, and salt till warm (120-130 degrees) and butter almost melts. Add to flour mixture along with eggs, apple, and flavoring. Beat with an electric mixer on low to medium speed for 30 seconds, scraping the sides of the bowl constantly. Beat on high speed for 3 minutes. Using a wooden spoon, stir in as much of the remaining flour as you can.
Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Knead in enough remaining flour to make a moderately stiff dough that is smooth and elastic (6-8 minutes total). Shape into a ball. Place in a lightly greased bowl, turn once to grease surface. Cover; let rise in a warm place till doubled in size. Turn onto a lightly floured surface. Divide in half. Cover; let rest for 10 minutes. Lightly grease two 9x5x3-inch loaf pans. Meanwhile, for filling, combine all ingredients except butter. Set aside. Roll half of the dough to a 14x9-inch rectangle. Spread with half of the softened butter; sprinkle with half the filling. Beginning at both short ends, roll each end up, jelly-roll style, to center. Place loaf, rolled side up, in one loaf pan. Repeat with remaining dough, butter, and filling. Cover; let rise till almost doubled in size, about 30 minutes. Bake at 375 degrees for 30 minutes or until bread sounds hollow when tapped and is golden brown. If necessary, cover loaves loosely with foil during the last 15 minutes of baking to prevent overbrowning. Remove from pans. Cool on wire racks. Combine glaze ingredients; drizzle over cooled loaves.

Submitter: 
larkspur
Description: 
This prize-winning bread is soft with a wonderful maple flavor. A swirl of sweet apple-cinnamon filling makes it especially delicious!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
32
Nutritional Facts:
NA
