URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62156721/deep-fried-pickles/
Title:
Deep Fried Pickles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/336118.jpg
Ingredients:
2 Eggs
2 cups of Milk
1 TBSP of Worcestershire sauce
1 TBSP of Cracked Black Pepper
1 TBSP of Season Salt
3 cups All-Purpose flour
1 cup Cornmeal
2 TBSP Dry Mustard
2 TBSP Oregano
2 TBSP Season Salt
1 TBSP White Pepper
1 TBSP Red Pepper
1 TBSP Garlic POWDER
1 TBSP Thyme
1 Jar of Dill Pickle Chips
10 Large Jalapeno Peppers
10 Large Mushrooms

Directions:
Take the following:
2 Eggs
2 cups of milk
1 TBSP of Worcestershire sauce
1 TBSP of cracked black pepper
1 TSP of nutmeg. Whisk briskly for about 30 seconds and set aside.
Next, take a good size Tupperware container or a gallon Ziploc bag and add the following:
3 cups All-Purpose flour
1 cup Cornmeal
2 TBSP Dry Mustard
2 TBSP Oregano
2 TBSP Season Salt
1 TBSP White Pepper
1 TBSP Red Pepper
1 TBSP Garlic POWDER
1 TBSP THYME
Wash the jalapenos and the mushrooms really well, and then pat completely dry with a paper towel along with the pickle chips. Deseed the Jalapenos and cut into slices about 1/4 inch thick and set aside with the pickles and the mushrooms (White Onion Rings would work just as good here too if you want to!). Once all of the primary ingredients are completely dry... throw them into the Egg wash. Let them set for about five minutes to soak up the wash.
Take a slotted spoon and remove the pickles/mushrooms/peppers from the egg wash and move them to the dry stuff in the Ziploc Bag or the Tupperware container.
Now, GENTLY shake and turn the bag/container until the dry mix covers all of the veggies. This may take a few minutes, but make sure that the veggies are coated.
Now, transfer the veggies back into the wash - don't pour the dry mix into it! Take them out one at a time and gently place them back into the egg wash. As soon as all of the pickles/peppers/mushrooms are back in the egg wash, take the slotted spoon and move them into the dry mix bag/container again. Shake gently again. Turn again for about a minute.
Take all of the veggies out of the dry mix and place them, one at a time, on a cookie sheet. Try to space them out so they won't stick together. Now place the cookie sheet of pickle pepper mushroom goodness in the freezer for

Submitter: 
losferwords
Description: 
Deep Fried Pickles. That's right, deep fried pickles. I also added mushrooms and jalapeno peppers to the mix as well, and man, they came out great! I'll share my secrets with you so spread the love around at all of your gatherings. These go great with Ranch Dressing.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
60
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
