URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62150212/home-fried-cheese-sticks/
Title:
Home Fried Cheese Sticks Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/327183.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (24 oz) pkg String Cheese Sticks, or 24 1-oz individual string cheese sticks
5 eggs, scrambled well
3 cups Italian Seasoned Bread Crumbs
Oil---for deep frying
See Notes:

Directions:
Unwrap string cheese out of it's plastic wrapping. Cut string in half. This well give you 48 cheese sticks when prepared. Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper. Set aside. In one small bowl scramble eggs thoroughly. And in a shallow baking or casserole dish place bread crumbs.
Dip cheese into the egg mixture, then into bread crumbs. Coat thoroughly and well covered. Place on parchment lined pan. Repeat until all is coated. Let set for a few minutes to dry slightly. Repeat process to have 2 full coatings on cheese. Freeze in a freezer for at least 2 hours.
Heat oil when ready to fry. Cook until breading is a nice crisp golden brown, around 5-8 minutes depending on frying method and temp. Shake off excess grease and drain on paper towels. Cool Slightly and serve with your favorite dipping sauce.
Makes 48 cheese sticks, store unfried cheese sticks in a freezer storage bag in the freezer. Freezes up to 6 months easily.
NOTES: When coating cheese a 2nd time, I make sure that I've coated every wet spot of the breading to insure even coats.
Best if Frozen when you fry the cheese sticks to insure that cheese holds up to the hot tempertures of the grease. This will allow them to hold shape and not instantly spread and melt every where.

Submitter: 
Melissa Goff
Description: 
These is an easy cost efficient way to make home made fried cheese sticks. Taste just wonderful, light crispiness. More for your dollar and easily stored in the freezer for when you have a craving. I make 2 batches. One for the now and one for later.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
