URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62158465/darkstars-chili/
Title:
DarkStar's Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 slices of bacon
1 lb beef stew beef, cut into bite-sized pieces
2.5 lbs ground lean ground meat (turkey or beef or a mixture)
1 large yellow onion, chopped
1 large red onion, chopped
2 Tablespoons minced garlic
3 carrots, chopped
3 celery stalks, sliced
1 green bell pepper, chopped
1 red bell pepper, chopped
2 jalapeno peppers, seeded and chopped
4 Serrano peppers, seeded and chopped
2 Habanero peppers, seeded and finely chopped
2 (15 ounce) cans dark red kidney beans, , drained & rinsed
1 (15 ounce) can black beans, , drained & rinsed
1 (12 ounce) can corn, drained & rinsed
2 (7 ounce) cans chopped green chiles
2 (28 ounce) cans chopped tomatoes
2 Tablespoons honey
1 (12 oz) bottle of amber or dark beer
1/3 cup chili powder
1 Tablespoon chipotle chili powder
2 teaspoon cumin
2 teaspoon crushed red pepper
2 teaspoon oregano
1 teaspoon paprika
1 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1/2 teaspoon white pepper
sea salt to taste
black pepper to taste
water (optional)
shredded cheddar (optional)
tortilla chips (optional)

Directions:
In a stock pot, cook the bacon to the doneness that you like bacon. Remove the bacon and chop or crumble it and set it aside. Drain most of the bacon grease into a container, leaving about 1 tablespoon in the stock pot.
Add the stew beef to the stock pot, cook till brown.
While the stew beef is browning, brown the ground meat in a large skillet. When browned, transfer to the stock pot using a slotted spoon to drain grease.
Add onion and garlic to stock pot. Cook until onion is translucent, approx 5 minutes.
Add the cooked bacon and the remaining ingredients to the stock pot. Stir thoroughly. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, approximately 2 hours. Stir occasionally. Add water during the cooking if the chili appears too thick for your liking.
Serve with shredded cheddar and tortilla chips, if desired.

Submitter: 
DarkStar11
Description: 
This thick chili has a good, full burn with unexpected little bits of sweetness.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
