URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62150567/nipples-of-venus-chocolate-truffles-italiancapezzoli-di-venere/
Title:
Nipples of Venus Chocolate Truffles (ItalianCapezzoli di Venere) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/325959.jpg
Ingredients:
FOR THE GANACHE CENTER:
12 oz. very dark chocolate, preferably high quality, finely chopped
16 oz. can whole chestnuts
6 Tablespoons butter
1/2 cup granulated white sugar
4 Tablespoons brandy or other liqueur
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
FOR THE CHOCOLATE COATING INGREDIENTS:
12 oz. high-quality white chocolate, finely chopped, for tempering
1 oz (or there about) of white chocolate colored pale pink

Directions:
TO PREPARE GANACHE CENTERS:
Melt chocolate in a double boiler and allow to cool.
Puree the chestnuts.
Cream the butter and sugar together until fluffy, about 3 minutes.
Add chestnuts, brandy and vanilla to the butter/sugar mixture and blend well, then stir in the cooled chocolate.
Mix well.
Roll into balls 1-1/2 inches in diameter; if mixture becomes too soft to shape, chill for several minutes.
TO COAT:
Melt the chocolate in a bain-marie over boiling water; let cool or carefully melt chocolate in the microwave.
Carefully dip the truffles in melted chocolate, then place on wax paper to dry for several minutes.
Dot the tops of each truffle with the colored white chocolate and place in paper candy cup.
Store in refrigerator or cool dry place.
SOME HELPFUL HINTS....
1.)  if ganache is too thin, as it often is for me, I make the "balls" and put them in the freezer to set.  In fact, I find the very solid and cold ganache is ideal for coating with chocolate, although the constant dipping of "frozen balls" into the hot tempered chocolate may require for you to reheat the chocolate once more or maybe even twice more during the process.
2.)  if the ganache is too thick, thin it out teaspoon by teaspoon with the brandy... you can never have too much brandy!!! Well, OK, you can, then you will be back to helpful hint number 1 and it will not work because it will have too much alcohol.

Submitter: 
LaLeeRu
Description: 
For years I have been making this sublime chocolate treat which I believe to be perfect for Valentine's Day. Created by combining a dark chocolate ganache with brandy-soaked chestnuts, coating it with a creamy white chocolate coating and finally topping the truffle with a nipple of pale pink sweet white chocolate. Naughty and delicious!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 15
Number of servings: 
60
Nutritional Facts:
NA
