URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62150919/marshmallow-fondant/
Title:
Marshmallow Fondant Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (16 oz.) package mini-marshmallows
1 (2 lbs.) package C&H; powdered sugar
2-3 tablespoons water
1/2 teaspoon white vanilla (or other flavoring)
Crisco shortening

Directions:
Roll out a mat and grease it well with Crisco.
Pour 1/2 of the bag (or 1 lb) of powdered sugar onto the mat/surface.
In a microwave-safe bowl, combine 16 oz. mini-marshmallows, vanilla, and 2 tablespoons water.
Microwave marshmallow mix in 10-second intervals.
Every 10 seconds, mix marshmallow mix with a rubber spatula.
Once the marshmallows are melted together and not separate, bring to greased mat/surface.
Crisco your hands well, between every finger and to wrists.
Pour marshmallow mix onto the powdered sugar.
Mix with your hands until it forms into a dough-like ball. If the dough seems too stiff, add 1/2 a tablespoon of water and knead.
Once fondant is ready, grease the outside of it well with Crisco and wrap in plastic wrap.
Refrigerate overnight or 3-4 hours.
When ready to use, knead, and roll out to 1/4" thickness using a rolling pin dusted with corn starch.
If fondant is too stiff, microwave for 10 seconds and knead it.
For a chocolate marshmallow fondant:
add 1/8 cup good quality melted chocolate to the melted marshmallow mix
add 1-2 tablespoons cocoa powder to the powdered sugar
* for a darker chocolate look, add brown food coloring and use dark chocolate
* to incorporate colors into white fondant. Take the fondant, and press into the center of it with your thumb. Add coloring to the middle and knead until the color is uniform throughout the fondant. You may want to wear gloves to keep your hands from getting stained.

Submitter: 
The Cupcake Couple
Description: 
I found a recipe like this on another site but incorporated a little flavor into mine. This is a tasty and non-shiny/greasy fondant recipe. It's extremely easy to make, looks good, and tastes wonderful. This is a great alternative to the store brand and buttercream fondant. It's also cheap to make.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 min
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
