URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62155863/ham-cheese-corn-chowder/
Title:
Ham & Cheese Corn Chowder Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3-4 C. fresh, red potatoes, cubed
1 C. carrots, grated
1 medium onion, chopped
3 cloves garlic, minced
1-2 T. crushed red pepper (per taste)
1 1/2 T. salt
1 T. Mrs. Dash (original flavor or favorite salt-free flavorer)
Water
3 C. frozen corn
1 1/2 C. sliced ham, cubed
1/2 C. (1 cube) butter
1/2 C. flour
4 C. milk
3 C. sharp cheddar cheese
Salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Place in a good-sized (6-8 quart) pot the potatoes, carrots, onion, garlic, red pepper, salt and seasoning.  Add water to cover the ingredients and stir.
Heat on medium heat until boiling.
Simmer uncovered over medium/low heat until potatoes are cooked and tender.  DO NOT DRAIN.
Add corn and ham.
Continue to simmer for 10 -15 additional minutes.
In a separate 2-quart saucepan, combine the butter and flour stirring over medium/low heat until well blended and smooth.
To the butter and flour mixture, add the milk and sharp cheddar cheese and continue stirring until until cheese is melted and sauce is well thickened.
Season to taste with fresh, course-ground black pepper and salt.
Carefully add the cheese sauce into soup base stirring lightly until blended.
Let simmer over low for another 10-15 minutes, do not boil.
Serve to friends and family with fresh, warm, homemade bread and enjoy!
Note: For a fun variation, substitute half of the cheddar cheese with pepper jack!

Submitter: 
Rodnobi
Description: 
I was invited to a festive dinner and asked to bring my favorite soup!  I quickly went to task and created this new favorite of many who attended the feast!  It is richly-flavored, highly-textured and hearty with a wonderful, subtle kick of spice!  It is best served with fresh, homemade bread and a smile.  Enjoy this soup and the compliments that follow!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
