URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62150425/peppermint-patties/
Title:
Peppermint Patties Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups  confectioners  sugar
1 1/2 tablespoons  unsalted butter, softened
1/4 teaspoon peppermint oil (do not use peppermint extract)
1/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
2 tablespoons  evaporated milk
Chocolate Coating:
9 ounces semi sweet or bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped
1 tablespoon shortening

Directions:
Peppermint Patties: Line a cookie sheet with aluminum foil, smoothing out any wrinkles. Lightly dust the foil with confectioners sugar.
Beat (on low speed) the sugar, butter, peppermint oil, vanilla extract, and evaporated milk until combined. Increase the speed to medium-high and beat until very creamy (about 2-3 minutes). Transfer the batter to a bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and place in the refrigerator to chill until firm enough to roll into balls (about 30 - 60 minutes).
Roll the batter into 1 inch balls and place on the prepared pan. Flatten each ball with the palm of your hand until the patties are about 1 1/2 inches in diameter and 1/3 inch thick. Cover and place in the refrigerator until the patties are firm (about one hour).
Chocolate Coating: Melt the chocolate and shortening in a heatproof bowl placed over a saucepan of simmering water. Remove the patties from the refrigerator and dip, one patty at a time, into the melted chocolate, making sure both sides of each patty are completely coated with chocolate. (You can use 2 forks or a chocolate dipping fork.) Let any excess chocolate drip back into the bowl and then place the patties back on the foil. Once all the patties have been dipped in the chocolate, return to the refrigerator to chill until firm (30 - 60 minutes). Store in the refrigerator in an airtight container.

Submitter: 
mommyof3princesses
Description: 
If you love York Peppermint Patties you will love these!!! They are so simple to make and everyone will love them!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
