URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62152291/chaes-sensual-chilean-bass-filets-with-crawfish-crab-sauce-sweet-potatoe-fries/
Title:
Chae's Sensual Chilean Bass Filets with Crawfish & Crab Sauce & Sweet Potatoe Fries Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 -4 Chilean Bass filets
Sauce
1 lb. crawfish tails including fat (fresh boiled)devained
1 container lump crab meat
2 shalotts minced
1/2 Tsp. garlic minced
3 TBSP fresh parsley chopped fine
1 stick of butter
3 TBS Light Olive Oil
3 TBS Flour
1 c. Half&Half
Kosher salt
White Pepper
Fresh Ground Black Pepper to taste
1/2 Tsp. Sweet Paprika
Sweet Potatoe Fries
2 Medium sweet potatoes/yams
Cleaned and sliced into fries
and rinsed in cold water.
1 Tsp. cinnamon
1/4 Tsp. cardomum
1/4 Tsp ginger
1/4 Tsp. Coriander
2 TBSP light brown sugar
Kosher and Ground Black Pepper To taste
3 TBS Light Olive Oil for baking

Directions:
Wash and pat dry bass filets, season with salt and ground black pepper then set aside.
In a saucepan on medium low to medium heat melt butter and add olive oil.
Add shallots,garlic and parsley, stir being careful not to burn vegetables.
Add flour and stir constinuously to make sure all the flour has been incorporated and make sure that the mixture is a smooth consistency and ensuring the flour gets cooked.
Add Half & Half, continue to stir until sauce thickens, add white pepper and then Crawfish and the crab meat, using a wooden spoon or silicone spatula being careful not to break up the crab meat to much when incorporating into the white sauce. Let cook about 1 minute.
Spoon sauce over fish filets and bake for 15-20 minutes. Remove and sprinckle with paprika, then serve immediately.
Baked Sweet Potatoe Fries
Rinse french fries with cold water, let drain a little combine spices and sugar, sprinkle over fries evenly, place on a baking sheet, spread fries to insure they cook evenly.
Pour olive oil onto fries and bake at 350 degrees until tender.  Sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste then serve.
Add a simple salad, or grilled vegetables with a nice semi-sweet wine and have a wonderful evening. Have Fun!

Submitter: 
Ms.Chae916
Description: 
This is a recipe that is meant to be shared, particularly by lovers or those embarking on a newly formed relationships. It's quick and easy and leaves time for more  shall we say interesting indulgences afterwards. If bass isn't on your menu you can substitute any flaky white fish, i.e. Tilapia, red snapper, trout, grouper, even catfish.  Enjoy
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20-25 min
Ready in:
30 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
