URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62159838/creamy-lemon-chicken-with-pasta/
Title:
Creamy Lemon Chicken with Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 6-8 oz chicken breasts
1 10.5 oz can 98% fat free cream of mushroom soup
1 cup fat free chicken broth
1 12oz can fat free evaporated milk
2 lemons
1 14 oz can artichoke hearts, packed in water,
1 12 oz jar roasted red peppers
1/2 tsp oregano
1/2 tsp tarragon
1/4 tsp crushed red pepper
2 cups dry short pasta (pipette, mostaccioli)
2 tbs parmesan cheese
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Brown chicken breasts in large non-stick pan with cover, 3-4 min per side, then remove from pan.
In mixing bowl, combine mushroom soup, chicken broth, evaporated milk, juice from 2 lemons, oregano, tarragon, crushed red pepper, salt and pepper.  Bring this to low simmer in saute pan.
Drain and chop roasted red peppers; drain, rinse, and quarter artichoke hearts.  Add both to simmering sauce.  Then return chicken to pan.  Cover and simmer on low (watch to be sure it doesn't boil over) for 20 minutes until chicken is cooked through.  Remove chicken and let it rest before slicing.
Meanwhile, cook pasta about 3 minutes less than package directions.  Add al-dente pasta and ~1/4 cup of pasta water to sauce.  Simmer another 5 minutes to thicken sauce and finish cooking pasta.  Serve sliced chicken breast over pasta and sauce.  Sprinkle parmesan over each plate.

Submitter: 
jennifer
Description: 
This easy, low-fat recipe has great Mediterranean flavors -- lemon, tarragon, oregano, artichoke hearts -- and really leaves you satisfied.  For company, I've thinned the sauce with some chicken broth or white wine and served it over angel hair pasta for a more formal presentation.  I created this because I wanted a recipe that uses the items I have in my pantry every day.  This and a salad and you are done!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
35
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
