URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62152721/grandma-bread/
Title:
Grandma Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 package yeast
2 cups warm water
2 Tab white sugar
2 teas salt
1/2 cup molasses
1 cup rye flour
1/2 cup light brown sugar
1/2 cup Crisco - no substitute
5 - 7 cups white flour

Directions:
Combine the yeast, 1/2 cup of warm water and 2 Tab of white sugar.  Let yeast proof.  It will be ready when it's foamy.
Pour the remaining 1 1/2 cups of water into a large mixing bowl.  Add yeast mixture, salt, molasses, rye flour, brown sugar and Crisco.  Mix well.
Gradualy add white flour until the dough is of kneading consistency.  This will be anywhere from 5 to 7 cups depending on your kitchen temperature or humidity.
Knead until dough is no londer sticky and is glossy and elastic.
Place dough in another large mixing bowl that has been greased.  Turn dough over once in bowl to grease all surfaces.  Cover with a tea towel and let rise until double in size in a non-drafty place.
When dough has doubled punch dough down in the bowl, turn dough over in the bowl.  Let rise again, covered,  until double in size.
Pre-heat oven to 350 degrees.
Divide dough in half.  You can either place dough in standard ungreased bread pans or make round free form loaves on ungreased baking sheets.
Bake for 45 minutes or until loaves sound hollow when tapped.
Butter may be used to slather the top crusts immediately after taking from oven.  The butter will make the crust softer.
Cool on wire racks.

Submitter: 
Linda
Description: 
This is the recipe that my Swedish Grandma made her whole life  We alawys just called it Grandma Bread.  She never measured anything!  I finally was on the phone with her while she was making it and had her measure each ingredient while I wrote it down.  Mine never tastes as good as hers - Grandmas always have the touch!  It's still very good and makes one great ham sandwich! This is not your typical Swedish rye bread and it on the sweet side.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
3 h
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
