URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62158845/pad-thai-noodles/
Title:
Pad Thai Noodles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/583025.jpg
Ingredients:
7 oz rice stick noodles, ½ of a package (get noodles about width of linguini)
2 tablespoon of vegetable oil (peanut oil, etc.)
2-4 tablespoons of raw peanuts
1-4 shallots minced
1/3 to ½ cup extra firm tofu
3-4 cloves of garlic minced
6-12 Thai chilies deseeded, minced (can sub ½ teaspoon red pepper flakes)
1 to 1 ½ lbs boneless chicken or pork
½ teaspoon ground white pepper (less if you want less spicy)
1 ½ tablespoons fish sauce
2 ½ tablespoons sugar or brown sugar
2 tablespoons tamarind paste (mix 2 tbs of dry tamarind mixed with 1 tbs white vinegar) If tamarind is not available just use white vinegar.
1 egg
juice of 1 lime
1 cup of bean sprouts (optional)
1 cup Chinese chives or regular chives (optional)
¼ to ½ lb of 20 ct shrimp (optional)

Directions:
-Soak rice stick noodles in hot tap water for 10 minutes, should be firm but flexible, drain and set aside.
Julienne tofu in 1/8 inch wide by 1 inch long sticks.  Cut Chinese chives into 1 inch pieces. Rinse bean sprouts and set aside.
Mince and combine garlic, shallots and Thai peppers (if used).
Cut up meat (chicken or pork) into ¼ wide by 1 inch strips and set aside.  If using shrimp devein and remove shell to last segment and tail.
-Heat wok on medium high heat until it just starts to smoke.  Add 2 tablespoons of oil and allow to heat.  Add peanuts and roast them in the wok, stir them around until they just start to “pop”, remove and allow to cool.
After peanuts are removed add minced shallots, garlic and Thai peppers, stir until garlic just starts to brown.  Add tofu and meat and cook until the meat is just done, maybe 4-5 minutes.
Add noodles and stir quickly to keep them from sticking, keep stirring until well mixed.
Add fish sauce, tamarind, sugar and white pepper.  Keep heat high and keep stirring constantly, if you see a lot of juice the heat maybe too low.
Push noodle mixture to one side of wok and break egg into wok.  Scramble egg and once mostly done fold it into noodle mixture.
If you are using shrimp add them to the wok and stir into noodles and allow to cook 2-3 minutes.
Add lime juice, peanuts, chives and sprouts, stir a few more times and cook for 1-2 minutes more.
Noodles should be soft and very tangled.
Put servings of noodle mixture onto plates and serve with wedge of lime.  Place fish sauce, sugar, white pepper or pepper flakes and vinegar on the table so guests can individually adjust tastes.

Submitter: 
Bud W
Description: 
A delicious Thai noodle dish that has a delicate balance of spicy, sweet, salty and sour taste.  It is one of the most popular dish found at Thai restaurants.  This recipe is based on traditional Bangkok style version of the dish.  It is not swimming in sauce like many western versions found in resturants.  The dish is full of flavor with a light coating of delicous sauce in every bite.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
