URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62150701/chicken-kadai/
Title:
Chicken Kadai Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 tbs butter, ghee (clarified butter), or cooking oil
1/2 tbs mustard seeds
2 tsp Ginger paste
2 tsp minced Garlic
1 onion, chopped
1/2 green jalepeno pepper, minced
1 lb boneless, skinless, chicken breasts (cut into chunks)
1 (14 oz) can peeled tomatoes
1 cup broccoli florets
1 green bell pepper, coarsely chopped
1 red bell pepper, coarsely chopped
2 tsp corriander
1/2 tsp red cayenne pepper
1/2 tsp turmeric powder
1 (14 oz) can chicken broth
1 - 2 tbs cornstarch mixed with water (optional)
2 tsp garam masala powder
1/2 cup fresh, chopped cilantro
2 cups cooked white or jasmine rice

Directions:
NOTE: It is best to have all ingredients ready at hand when cooking this fast-paced recipe.
Add ghee, butter, or oil to a hot wok, and immediately add mustard seeds and allow to "pop."
Immediately add ginger and garlic and fry for about 1 minute.
Add chopped onions and jalepeno and fry until golden brown.
Add chicken and fry until cooked through, about 4-5 minutes.
Add tomatoes, broccoli, red & green bell peppers, corriander, red cayenne pepper, and turmeric and mix well.
Add chicken broth and cook until sauce thickens, about 15-20 minutes. (You can add a little cornstarch mixed with water at this point for a thicker sauce).
Finally, stir in garam masala and cilantro and serve over rice.

Submitter: 
Jellybean
Description: 
Chicken Kadai is a typical Indian dish cooked in a karahi (sometimes called kadai) which is similar to a wok. Garam Masala is a pre-mixed indian spice usually consisting of corriander, cumin, black pepper, ginger, cardamom, cloves, cinnamon, and bay leaves. It can be bought pre-ground or whole, and then ground at the time of use (in a coffee grinder for example). If pre-ground, it is added at the end of cooking, and if freshly ground, at the beginning with the ghee or oil.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
