URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62167503/philly-pork-sandwiches/
Title:
PHILLY PORK SANDWICHES Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
FOR PORK ROAST
6-8 pound boneless pork shoulder -tied
10 cloves garlic
2-4 tablespoons Extra virgin olive oil
1 tablespoon lemon zest
1 tablespoon each: fennel seed, thyme, dill seed, oregano, rosemary, onion powder, garlic powder, salt and pepper
1 bulb Fennel sliced with top greens chopped
4 carrots sliced
2 onion chopped
2 stalks celery chopped
2-4 cups dry white wine or broth
FOR RABES
4 quarts water
2 tablespoons kosher salt
1 bunch broccoli rabes
Ice and water bath
3-5 minced garlic cloves
¼ cup extra virgin olive oil
2 roasted red peppers sliced into strips
Juice of 1/2 lemon
1/4 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano
FOR LONG HOTS- MAKES 1-2 QTS
~4 doz. long hot peppers
2 large hot onions
1 head garlic
1 cup olive oil
2 tablespoons liquid smoke - optional
FOR SANDWICHES
Cooked pork roast shredded
reserved pan juices
Broccoli rabes and roasted red peppers
x-Sharp provolone shaved
Hoagie rolls
Hot Italian peppers roasted in olive oil and garlic optional*

Directions:
PORK ROAST -
Preheat oven to 325* or get slow cooker ready
Slice 6 of the garlic cloves, slit roast with paring knife and stuff with garlic slivers
In a spice grinder or blender, combine the fennel seed, thyme, dill seed, oregano, rosemary, onion powder, garlic powder, salt and pepper. Grind well.
Rub oil, lemon zest and ground herbs into the roast
Put veggies and remaining 4 cloves fresh garlic to 10x15 roasting pan, add 2 cups wine or broth.
Place roast on top of veggies in large roasting pan
Cover and roast at 325 degrees F for 2 1/2 hours, uncover and cook 30 min longer or until meat can be pulled apart with forks
Add more wine or broth while cooking to keep from scorching and for pan juices
Remove from pan and shred pork roast
Deglaze pan with water if needed and strain. Reserve juice
FOR BROCCOLI RABES AND PEPPERS -
In large pot bring 4 quarts  water and salt to rapid boil.
Add broccoli rabes for 5 minutes or until just tender.
Drain and plunge in ice bath to stop cooking and set bright color, dry on towels and chop into 1" pieces.
In large frying pan, heat minced garlic in oil 1 minute
Add broccoli rabes and sauté 5 minutes
Add roasted red peppers to pan, warm and remove from heat.
Sprinkle with lemon juice and parmesan, toss to coat
LONG HOTS -
Heat grill to hot have, smoke chips ready
Clean tops and seeds from peppers, slice 2 large onions, and crush 6 cloves garlic.
Place in disposable aluminum pan and add olive oil and liquid smoke, toss.
roast on hot smoker grill until peppers start turning color
FOR SANDWICHES -
Reheat pork, if not still hot, in pan juices
Slice fresh hoagie rolls half way through
Add provolone to roll, add hot pork and juice, broccoli rabes and roasted peppers.
Italian hot oil peppers to taste

Submitter: 
Steve Fairhurst
Description: 
Like South Philly Hot Pork sandwiches with sharp provolone, broccoli rabes, peppers and pan juices - my personal favorite with long hots or crispy hots - peppers that is ~:)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1hr
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
