URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62164370/creamy-sausage-stuffed-manicotti/
Title:
Creamy Sausage Stuffed Manicotti Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8 manicotti shells
cooking spray
1 pound mild or sweet italian sausage (casings removed)
1 medium onion, chopped (about 1-1/2 cups)
1 green bell pepper, chopped (about 1 cup)
2 tablespoons butter
2 tablespoons flour
2 cups milk less 2 tablespoons (I use 2% milkfat)
1/8 teaspoon pepper
2 cups part-skim shredded mozzarella cheese, or less, to preference
1 jar (24 oz) Neuman's Own Basil-Tomato marinara sauce or similar
1/4 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese

Directions:
Par-boil manicotti shells according to package directions, about 8 minutes. Set aside.
Meat Mixture:
Coat a fry pan with cooking spray and brown sausage over medium heat. Crumble well in pan with fork.
Add onion and pepper and saute for 10 more minutes, or until tender. You can CAREFULLY blot excess grease from pan if you wish. There won't be much.
Bechamel Sauce:
Melt butter in a medium sized saucepan over medium heat. (I prefer a stainless steel saute pan for making bechamel sauce, but watch carefully for a too high heat setting when using metal)
Add flour and blend with whisk constantly for 3 minutes or until fragrant and ever-so slightly darkened.
Remove from heat and slowly whisk in milk.
Return to heat and bring to low boil for 5 minutes or until thickened, whisking continuously.
Remove from heat again, add pepper and stir well (continue to stir this from time to time as it sits cooling or it will form a skin)
Assembly:
Add completed bechamel sauce to completed meat mixture. Mix well.
Spray a 9x13 casserole dish with cooking spray.
Spoon some sausage/sauce mixture loosely and evenly into each shell.
Lay shells side by side length-wise in casserole dish.
Cover shells evenly with mozzarrella.
Spoon remaining sausage/sauce mixture over cheese.
Cover completely with marinara sauce, spreading evenly with spatula or spoon.
Sprinkle with parmesan cheese.
Bake uncovered in 350 degree preheated oven for 40 minutes or until browned and bubbly.
Let stand 15 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Patti Barrett
Description: 
This is a stuffed manicotti recipe using a bechamel sauce mixed with sausage instead of ricotta cheese filling. It's fairly simple to make but a bit time consuming. I think it's well worth the effort, and fewer calories, too!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
1 h 35
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
