URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62169652/rajma-kidney-beans-curry/
Title:
RAJMA (KIDNEY BEANS CURRY) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups Rajma/Red kidney beans (soaked overnight in cold water)
1 large onion
4 cloves garlic
1 thumb-size piece fresh ginger
2 tomatoes, chopped fine
1 teaspoon turmeric (haldi) powder
1 teaspoon cumin (jeera) powder
1 teaspoon coriander (dhania) powder
2 teaspoons garam masala
1 teaspoon red chilli powder
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
2 tablespoons ghee
6 cloves (lavang)
1 teaspoon cumin (jeera) seeds
2 dry red chillis, broken into pieces
¼ cup fresh coriander leaves, chopped, for garnish
1 teaspoon sugar
Salt to taste

Directions:
Grind the onion, ginger, and garlic into a paste. Heat oil and ghee in pressure cooker. Add red chillis, cumin seeds, and cloves. Fry till cumin seeds splutter.
Add the onion paste and fry on medium heat, stirring frequently, till golden brown. (You do not want the onion paste to be raw, or it will be bitter). Add the turmeric, cumin, and coriander powders. Fry for a few seconds. Now add the tomatoes. Cook till tomatoes are completely soft.
Drain the water from the rajma. Add the soaked beans to the pressure cooker. Add enough water to completely cover the rajma and 2 cups on top of that. Add salt and sugar. Cook for 3 whistles, lower  the heat and cook 10 – 15 more minutes.
Once pressure has released, open the cooker lid. The rajma should be completely cooked and the gravy should be creamy. If not, take out ½ cup rajma and puree it into a paste. Add the paste back to the rest of the rajma. Now add the garam masala and red chilli powder.  Sprinkle with chopped coriander and serve hot.

Submitter: 
SUSMITA
Description: 
Rajma is comfort food at its best. I like rajma best with simple jeera (cumin) rice. Of course, some roti would be great too. When I was in college, I ate rajma at least once a week. Cheap, nutritious, and comforting. What is not to like?
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
