URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62164329/lobster-and-scallop-seafood-risotto/
Title:
Lobster and Scallop Seafood Risotto Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
32 oz. Seafood Stock, boiling
1 1/2 c. arborio rice
1 large yellow onion, diced
3 cloves of garlic, minced, divided
2 tbsp olive oil, divided
1/2 c. dry white wine
12 oz. lobster tail meat (two medium sized tails)
8 oz. wild caught sea scallops
1 tsp fresh parsley
1 tsp fresh thyme
14 oz. can diced tomatoes, unseasoned
2 tbsp. butter
salt to taste
1/4 tsp. of ground black pepper

Directions:
Heat 1 tbsp olive oil in a skillet over medium-low heat
Add diced onions and cook until translucent, about 10 minutes
Add garlic and cook an addition 1 minute
Add the rice to the onion mixture and mix to coat well with the olive oil, cook for 1-2 minutes
Add the white wine to the rice and stir until absorbed
Add the seafood stock to the rice about 1/2-1 cup at a time, stirring frequently.
Keep adding additional stock after the initial amount is absorbed until there is no more stock.
Add the can of tomatoes, juice included, and stir frequently until the liquid is absorbed
Taste the rice to check for doneness.  If the rice is still too crunchy add hot water in 1/2 cup increments until the rice is no longer crunchy
Meanwhile, chop the scallops and lobster meat into bite sized pieces
heat 1 tbsp of olive oil with the fresh thyme and parsley over medium heat
Add 1 clove of garlic to the olive oil and herb mixture, and heat for about 1 minute
add the chopped scallops into the oil mixture, cook for about 4 minutes
add the chopped lobster meat to the scallops and cook an additional 3 minutes.
Add the 2 tbsp of butter to the rice mixture and stir until melted
Add pepper and salt to taste, stir to combine
Add the seafood to the rice mixture and stir to combine.  Serve the risotto immediately.

Submitter: 
Jessica
Description: 
This is a rich and creamy risotto using the delicate and delicious flavors of my favorite seafood.  It will impress your friends, family, and dinner guests, and do not fear--risotto isn't as hard as it's made out to be!  It is also very customizable as you can swap the lobster and scallop for other seafood of your choice. I serve it by itself, or paired with steak for a twist on surf and turf. Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
