URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62164484/greek-yogurt/
Title:
Greek Yogurt Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 gallon whole milk
1 packet yogurt starter (I like the ones from the New England Cheesemaking Co - Yogurt starter DS Tangy)

Directions:
Heat your milk to 185-190 degrees farenheit.  Use a thermometer - this is important.  I heat it in the microwave, but if you are concerned about denaturing the milk proteins, use the stove and stir continuously!
After heating the milk to 185-190, COOL to 110 degrees.  (Very important step - you can kill the starter if you don't.)
While the milk is cooling, either set your oven to 100 degrees (if you can) or heat it on warm.
When the milk is cooled to 110, add your yogurt starter and stir well.  (I use a whisk and stir gently.)
Turn off the oven if you have used the "warm" setting or leave it on if your oven is capable of the 100 degree setting.
Put a lid on your pan or pour into a food storage container with a lid and put this in the oven.
Very important step - do not disturb this milk for 8-12 hours.  I usually do this process when making dinner and let it sit overnight. It is ready to refrigerate and eat at this point. OR - you can make it into Greek yogurt.
Traditional Greek yogurt is thicker, so get a colander and another bowl and line it with cheesecloth or coffee filters.  (I use coffee filters all the time - 2 layers.)  Line the colander well, place in a larger bowl, and pour the yogurt into the colander.  Put the colander and bowl into the refrigerator and leave it for another 8-12 hours.
After you have strained the yogurt, remove it from the colander and use it in recipes, make tzatziki, add fruit, nuts, granol and/or sweeteners, or make a savory yogurt dip for veggies.  This makes enough yogurt to have some every day for a week or two.  Also, you can use the drained liquid (whey) in smoothies or to make bread.  It apparently is a good protein source.

Submitter: 
Krista J Kirkland
Description: 
I learned the basics from a guy on YouTube named tjcrebs from Colorado.  He makes a really rich yogurt! I have tried his recipe and starter and learned what I like instead.  This is a tangy yogurt that is really good when strained for yogo-cheese! Live and active cultures are sure to be there when you make it yourself and it is very economical.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
8-24 h
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
