URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62167816/bar-chicks---blackened-chicken-sliders/
Title:
Bar Chicks - Blackened Chicken Sliders Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Blackened Seasoning:
1 Tbs salt
2 tsp onion powder
2 tsp sugar
1 tsp black pepper
1 tsp white pepper
2 tsp cayenne pepper
1 tsp garlic powder
1 tsp ground oregano
Marinade:
2 cups white wine
2 Tbs of soy sauce
1 Tbs lime juice
1 Tbs of Worcestershire sauce
Chipotle Aioli:
1/2 cup mayonnaise
1 Tbs chives
1 garlic clove
1 tsp lime juice
1/2 tsp chipotle chile powder or chipotle hot sauce
salt and pepper to taste
4 chicken breasts
1 large onion
1 pinch of salt
2 tbs butter
2 tbs olive oil
American Cheese
Rolls/buns

Directions:
For Sliders, cut each chicken breast into 4-6 pieces. For Sandwiches, cut each breast into 2 or 3 pieces.
Mix marinade together and place chicken in a container or plastic bag with marinade, let sit in fridge for 8-24 hours.
Meanwhile, mix blackening spices together and place into a shaker or air tight container.
In food processor, pulse together Aioli ingredients until chives are minced and ingredients are evenly mixed. scoop into an air tight container and store in refrigerator.
Cut up onion into thin rings/ strips, saute in 1. tbs of butter and 1 tbs of oil and pinch of salt on medium heat stirring ocationally until carmelized. Set aside.
lightly toast buns when ready to cook chicken, and then place a dab of  aioli on one side of each bun.
Take chicken out of marinade, pat dry with paper towels. spray chicken pieces with cooking spray, and sprinkle with spices. In frying pan, heat 1 tbs butter and 1 tbs oil. Place chicken into pan, cook each side 2 minutes or until cooked through. melt american cheese on each piece of chicken. place chicken on bun, and place some carmelized onions atop the chicken.  serve while warm.

Submitter: 
Christina S. Wall
Description: 
I liked these that a local restaurant chain made so much, I came up with my own take on this. Blackened Chicken with a Chipotle Aoli and carmelized onions jsut compliment each other well. These are good mini sized or meal sized. Its easy to prep ingredients ahead of time and just cook the chicken when you are ready.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
