URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62163156/apricot-chicken-salad/
Title:
Apricot Chicken Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 large chicken boneless/skinless breasts
1 1/2 tablespoons Italian herbs
Pepper to taste
Garlic powder to taste
1/3 cup finely chopped scallions
3/4 cup light mayo
1/2 tablespoon prepared Dijon mustard
2 1/2 tablespoons apricot preserves

Directions:
Set the oven to broil and thoroughly wash the chicken breasts and cut off any excess fat or skin. Place them on the rack of a broiling pan and sprinkle about 1/2 tablespoon of dried Italian herbs mix on each breast, then pepper and garlic powder to taste.
Broil for about 8 minutes, then flip and sprinkle the other side with garlic powder and pepper to taste. Let the other side broil for about 8 minutes, or until it has started to lightly brown. Flip and cook for about 2 more minutes so the other side is slightly browned as well. (Cooking time may vary, depending on how large the chicken breasts you use are. Just make sure that they are white all the way through when you cut into the thickest part.)
Take the breasts out of the oven and let them cool for about 10-20 minutes.
Once the chicken is cool enough to touch and handle, dice them into about 1/4 inch cubes.
Let the chicken sit out to cool until it's about room temperature then throw it in a bowl.
Add the mayo, Dijon mustard and apricot preserves and gently mix it all together. Once the meat is well-coated, cover your bowl and pop it in fridge for about least 30 minutes, or until cool.
Uncover the bowl and gently toss in the chopped scallions into the salad, then cover and chill for another 15 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
NomNomDelicious
Description: 
A sweet and chunky chicken salad that I used to make when I worked for a cafe in uptown that I put my own little spin on. It's relatively simple and easy to make, but tastes DELICIOUS. Great with chips, crackers, on sandwiches, on salads or just by itself =)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
60 m
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
