URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62163874/stephs-zesty-sweet-and-sour-meatballs/
Title:
Steph's Zesty Sweet and Sour Meatballs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
MEATBALLS:
l lb lean ground hamburger
1 egg
1 tsp Worchestershire sauce
1/4 cup milk
1/2 cup dry Italian bread crumbs (plain is ok too)
2 T dried minced onion
1/2 tsp salt
1/2 tsp pepper
SAUCE:
1/2 cup dark brown sugar
1 T cornstarch
1/3 cup apple cider vinegar
1 T soy sauce
1 can pineapple chunks, drained (save the juice)
1 T soy sauce
1 green pepper, chopped

Directions:
Preheat crock-pot to med-high heat.
To make the meatballs, mix the first 8 ingredients in a bowl and then form into 1 inch balls.
Place the meatballs in saute pan on medium heat and cook until slightly browned on all sides (they will finish cooking in the crock-pot).
While the meatballs are browning, begin making the sauce.  Carefully combine the reserved juice from the pineapples, the soy sauce, and the brown sugar into the preheated crock pot. Whisk in the cornstarch until mixed.
Once the meatballs are finished browning, add them to the sauce in the crock-pot, along with the pineapple chunks and the chopped green peppers.
Cover and cook on medium-high heat for about an hour (stirring occasionally)... and then "viola" dinner is served!
**HINT:  You may also bypass the saute pan step completely if you prefer a more no-fuss, one dish meal.  Cooking time will increase, however.

Submitter: 
zoeandelvis
Description: 
These meatballs are great!  I came up with them on a whim one night while searching through my pantry trying to answer the age old question... What's for dinner?  My family LOVES these!  I have also taken them to several BBQ's and they are ALWAYS a big hit!  For dinner, I like to serve them with a side of steamed minute rice to go along with the meatballs.  I hope you enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
