URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62167080/whiskey-marinated-grilled-pork-chops-with-hot-green-bean-and-potato-salad/
Title:
Whiskey Marinated Grilled Pork Chops with Hot Green Bean and Potato Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Chops:
4 double cut thick pork chops
1/3 cup whiskey
1/3 cup soy sauce
3 Tbsp Brown sugar
2 Tbsp cider vinegar
3 cloves garlic, chopped
1 tsp fresh cracked black pepper
1 tsp red pepper flakes
1 Tbsp cornstarch
Green Bean Salad:
2 tbsp olive oil
1 small or ½ medium onion, chopped
1 slice onion finely chopped
1/8 tsp salt
1/8 tsp black pepper
2 Tbsp corn starch
1 to 1 ¼ cup sugar
1 cup white vinegar
32 oz Green beans, cooked
2 to 4 medium potatoes, diced and cooked
4 slices of bacon, crumbled

Directions:
Mix first seven ingredients together.
Save ¼ cup of the mixture.
Pour the remaining marinade over the pork chops in a sealed plastic bag.
Refrigerate the pork chops overnight.
Before grilling the chops, mix cornstarch into the ¼ cup of unused marinade.
Gently heat until bubbly and thickened into a golden sauce.
Serve the grilled pork chops with a spoonful of the sauce over the top.
GREEN BEANS:
Cut bacon into small pieces with a kitchen shears. Fry the bacon until crispy. Place the bacon on a paper towel to drain the bacon fat.
In a clean deep fry pan add olive oil(or use the bacon fat for more flavor), small chopped onion, salt, and pepper. Cook over medium heat until the onion has a slightly golden color.
Continue cooking the onion and add the corn starch and mix into the onion thoroughly. Add the sugar and mix again.
Add the vinegar to the entire mixture and keep stirring over the heat until all the ingredients have melded together. Allow the mixture to cook until hot and bubbly. When the sauce has thickened, remove from the heat.
Cook the green beans and potatoes together until both are tender. Rinse and drain in a colander.
Place the beans and potatoes into a serving dish. Pour the warm sauce over the beans and potatoes. Sprinkle the finely chopped onion on top along with the crispy bacon bits.

Submitter: 
SoccerMom
Description: 
These are the best chops I've ever eaten.  They are HEAVENLY!  Serve with the Green Bean and Potato Salad ~ DELISH!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
24 h
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
