URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62164079/stuffed-zucchini/
Title:
Stuffed Zucchini Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 large zucchinis - thick ones are best
12 oz ground meat
1/2 onion chopped
3 garlic cloves minced
1/2 t. paprika
2 T butter
3 T flour
3/4 cup of warm milk
1/4 t. white pepper
1/4 t. nutmeg (ground)(or less to taste)
salt to taste
3/4 cup Parmesan cheese grated

Directions:
In a large pot cook the zucchinis covered with water for 20 minutes or until the tops feels a little soft when touched with a wooden spoon (do not overcook). Discard the water and let them cool down (can use an ice bath).
While the zucchinis cook, in a pan fry the onion and the garlic until the onions are translucent (5 minutes) add the meat, and continue cooking until the meat is completely cooked and no longer pink (5 minutes). Add the paprika, stir and set aside.
As soon as you can handle the zucchinis, cut them in half, lenghwise, Set side by side on a large oven proof pan. Scoop the inside of the zucchini, chop it and add to the meat mixture.
Preheat the oven to 350 F
Prepare a white sauce- melt the butter over low heat, add the flour- mixing well, star stiring the warm milk a little at a time until the sauce is smooth. Add the white pepper and nutmeg and 1/2 parmesan cheese. Stir well.
Pour the white sauce over the meat mixture and stir well. Add salt to taste (and more spices of so desired)
Fill the zucchini with the meat sauce keeking the filling on top of each zucchini only.
Sprinkle the zucchinis with the rest of the Parmesan cheese and place in the oven for 15 minutes or until the top of the zucchinis start to turn light brown.
Serve warm

Submitter: 
PattyQ
Description: 
Zucchini stuffed with a creamy meat filling is a wonderful variation from the Italian sauce, specially when you can find (or grow) big zucchinis in season
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
