URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62166399/versatile-multi-grain-cookies/
Title:
Versatile Multi-Grain Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 ½ cups whole wheat flour
1 cup wheat bran
1 cup rolled oats
½ sugar substitute (Truvia, Ideal or the like)
2 teaspoons baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
¼ cup whole flax seeds
2/3 cup unsweetened applesauce
¼ cup canola oil
½ cup water
2 eggs, lightly beaten
1 cup of “mix ins” (some combination of mini chocolate chips, dried fruit, nuts, fresh berries, etc.)

Directions:
In a large mixing bowl, combine dry ingredient and the “mix ins”.
Combine the applesauce, oil and eggs in separate bowl.  Add wet mix to the flour mixture and mix well.
Drop by rounded teaspoonfuls 1/2” apart onto lightly greased baking sheets (cookies do not really spread). Bake at 350 for 18 minutes. Remove to wire racks immediately and cool.
Variant One: Banana Chocolate Chip
Replace applesauce with 2/3 cup of mashed, very ripe banana (about 2-3 bananas)
Variant Two: Pumpkin Spice
Replace applesauce with 2/3 cup of canned pumpkin pie mix; add 1 tsp cinnamon and 1 tsp pumpkin pie spice to the dry goods
Variant Three: Carrot Cake
Replace applesauce with 2 small jars baby food carrots plus 1 small (“half”) can of crushed pineapple with the juice; reduce water to ¼ cup; reduce sugar to 1/3 cup; for mix ins add: ½ cup raisins, ¼ cup chopped pecans and ¼ cup shredded coconut
Variant Four: Spiced Apple
Add 2 tsp cinnamon and 1 tsp pumpkin pie spice to dry goods; replace water with apple cider or juice; for mix ins use finely chopped or shredded (peeled and cored) apples
Variant Five: Cherry Almond
Add 1 tsp almond extract to wet ingredients; for mix ins use 2/3 cup dried cherries or cherry-flavored cranberries and 1/3 cup chopped almonds
Variant Six: PB & Jelly
Replace applesauce with ½ cup melted reduced-fat peanut butter mixed with 1/3 cup melted jelly in your favorite flavor, reduce sugar to ¼ cup; increase water to 2/3 cup
And so on….. get creative!!

Submitter: 
Tiffani Osterhout Panek
Description: 
These muffin-like cookies are so tasty, but (shhhh!) they're good for you, too! There are so many great variants using the same basic recipe, each better than the last!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
