URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62167936/billmans-clam-casserole/
Title:
Billman's Clam Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/367036.jpg
Ingredients:
4 slices of Bacon, cooked crisp and broken up into small pieces
4 cans minced clams, Drained; with juice reserved
1 large yellow onion – diced fine
4 tablespoons Olive Oil
2 Bay leaves
4 cloves garlic, sliced thinly
2 Tbsp dry Oregano
½ Tbsp dry Garlic Powder (or to taste – I like more)
Fresh squeezed lemon juice – about ½ of a lemon
2 tsp Kosher Salt or to taste
1 tsp black pepper
1 to 2 cups of Plain Bread Crumbs
Dash of Tabasco or to taste
A little butter for greasing baking pan
Appx. ½ cup of grated hard Italian Cheese (Parmesan or Romano) in all
Lemon Wedges and Fresh Parsley fronds for Garnish

Directions:
1. In a large pan, Cook bacon crisp, break into small pieces and reserve – drain most of the bacon
grease – leave a tablespoon or so in the pan.
2. Sauté diced onion in reserved bacon grease with Olive Oil added.  When onion is translucent add dry spices (Oregano, Salt, Peppers, Bay Leaves, Garlic Powder,) Continue to sauté over medium heat for 5 minutes or so, then add fresh garlic and sauté another 5 minutes until Garlic is softened.
3. Add clams to mixture and cook until clams are heated – maybe 5-7 minutes, stirring occasionally, then add most of the reserved clam juice (save a little for the later – see stage 3, below), lemon juice, and Tabasco.  Raise heat, stirring and continuing to cook another 3-5 minutes or so until mixture is mildly boiling.
4. Pre Heat oven to 375 Degrees.  Begin to add bread crumbs to mixture, a little at a time, until mixture resembles coarse oatmeal.  If it gets too dry add a little more clam juice or water – if it is too wet add more bread crumbs – use your judgment.  Turn off heat once you have desired consistency and add about ¼ cup of grated Parmesan or Romano cheese.
5. Grease a Medium Casserole or Pie Dish with butter.  Pour Clam mixture in and top with grated Parmesan or Romano Cheese.  Bake for 30 minutes or until top is golden brown and mixture is bubbly – raise temperature to 425 degrees for an additional 5-10 minutes, or until the edges crisp up a little.
6. Remove from oven and let set for at least 15 minutes.  It is too hot and mushy when it comes out of the oven to serve - don’t forget this step! Serve slices with lemon wedges and fresh parsley frond for garnish.
You can also use this recipe to make baked clams in shells (real ones or foil ones) to serve as appetizers – or topped with a little melted Monterrey Jack cheese for “Clams Casino”…

Submitter: 
bferris19
Description: 
This is like baked stuffed clams without the shells - my mom used to make something like this growing up and I loved it.  Serve with a little pasta with butter garlic on the side or like I used have as a kid, with french fries to dip!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
