URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62163344/cheesesteaks-matts-way/
Title:
Cheesesteaks Matt's Way Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
24 oz. beef (any lean cut will do)
1/2 small onion, sliced thin
1/2 small bell pepper (red, yellow, or green), sliced thin
2 oz. mushrooms, sliced thin (optional)
2 T. canola oil
salt and pepper to taste
4 hoagie buns
4 T. mayonnaise
4 slices pepper jack cheese

Directions:
Freeze beef, then thaw in the fridge 2 to 4 hours.  It should still be about 90% frozen for best slicing.
Attatch the slicer blade to your food processor, and use it to slice the beef very thin.  Lay beef out on a plate while you cook the other ingredients.
In a large skillet, heat 1 T. oil, and saute onions, bell peppers, and mushrooms (if using), seasoned with salt and pepper, until golden brown and carmelized, 8 to 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, turn your oven on to the broil setting. Broil the inside of the hoagies until lightly browned.
Remove the onion mixture, and set aside.  Heat the remaining oil in the same pan with the remaining onion/pepper oil.
Season the beef generously with  salt and pepper.  Cook beef in the oil until almost no pink is left.  It should be slightly undercooked.
Separate the beef in the pan so that there are 4 mounds.  Crumble 1 piece of pepper jack cheese onto each mound.
Cover with a lid, and the steam from the juices in the beef will melt the cheese and finish cooking the beef.
Meanwhile, spread the mayo onto each hoagie, and place 1/4 of the onion mixture on each bun top.  When the cheese is melted, place one mound on each roll.
Serve and enjoy!  This meals is perfect with garlic fries, friend zucchini,and cold beer.

Submitter: 
Anne Van der Staay
Description: 
I LOVE cheesesteak sandwiches from the place in the mall...you know, The Great... ;-)  This sandwich is a perfect replica, with an added zing.  My husband requests this meal just about every weekend.  It can be adjusted to include whatever you like on your cheesesteak, but here is my husband's favorite version (mine is the same, minus the veggies).  My freezer is always stocked with 6 oz. portions of beef for this meal just in case.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
