URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62165595/flour-tortillas-without-lard/
Title:
Flour Tortillas Without Lard Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups all purpose flour
1 1/2 tsp baking powder
3/4 tsp salt
2 tsp vegetable oil
3/4 cup warm milk

Directions:
Mix together the flour, baking powder, salt and oil.
Slowly add the warm milk.
Stir until a loose, sticky ball is formed.
Knead for two minutes on a floured surface. Dough should be firm but soft.
Place dough in a bowl and cover with a damp cloth or plastic wrap for 20 minutes.
After the dough has rested, break off twelve sections, roll them into balls in your hands, place on a plate (make sure they aren’t touching) and then cover balls with damp cloth or plastic wrap for 10 minutes.
(The dough must rest, otherwise it won’t roll out to a proper thickness and shape.)
After the dough has rested, place a dough ball one at a time on a floured surface, pat it out into a four-inch circle, and then roll with a rolling pin from the center until it’s thin and about eight inches in diameter.
Don’t over work the dough, or it’ll be stiff.
Keep rolled-out tortillas covered until ready to cook.
In an un-greased frying pan heated on high, cook the tortilla about thirty seconds on each side. It should start to puff a bit when it’s done.
Keep cooked tortillas covered until ready to eat.
They can be stored in the fridge tightly wrapped in foil or plastic for a day or so.
Makes a dozen tortillas.
(Note: I used my tortilla press to flatten out the dough and then cooked them with a flat pan on the stove.)

Submitter: 
KELLY BENSON
Description: 
Yummy tortillas made without lard for those who don't have it on hand or just don't want to use it. I live in Sweden now, and I have never seen lard or shortening sold here, but I grew up near San Antonio and was privy to many home made tortillas. These are my favorite!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
