URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62166856/gummy-bears/
Title:
Gummy Bears Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Homemade Gummy Bears
10 packets of Knox Gelatine
2 cups juice (avoid Pineapple, Kiwi, Papaya, Guava, Fig, and also Ginger Root)
1 cup Organic Sugar
1 tsp of Flavor Extract * Optional (Whole Foods has a lot of great ones)

Directions:
In a medium sauce pan combine the first 3 ingredients, stir slowly over medium heat. You don’t want to wisk it up because you’ll get froth at the top.
Take a candy mold and spray lightly with non-stick spray. If you don’t have a candy mold use a 9×9 baking dish and cut them into squares, kinda like turkish delights.
Once your mixture in the pan becomes clearish and not cloudy and more its ready to add your flavor extracts if you want and then to go in the molds. Its easier to pour this into a glass measuring cup with a pour spout to pour into the molds at this point. Pour liquid into your molds up to the edge. Allow to cool on the counter top for about 30 minutes and then turn out on to a cookie sheet. Store in a plastic bag in the fridge. Of course they probably won’t last that long!
Variations
More Gummys!
Theres lots of things you can try with these like….
Substitute 1 cup of herbal tea for one of the cups of juice for a nice change. I love hibiscus.
Add a couple drops of food coloring for a brighter color( I don’t like to personally, but you might ;0)
Substitute 1/2 of cup of apple sauce or pureed fruit for 1/2 cup of juice.
Sour Gummys~ Take 1 TSP of citric acid and 1/2 cup of sugar and combine. When you pull your gummys out of the mold roll in the sour sugar for super sour gummys!
If you don’t care too much about the healthy factor use soda, Kool Aide, or anyother favorite drink in exchange for the juice. ;0)
Alternate Recipe~
1 6 oz package of Jello mix
5 packets of Knox Gelatine
1 cup of water
Follow instructions as listed. This makes a yummy, but less healthy version. ;0)

Submitter: 
Namaste Mama
Description: 
One of our favorite treats is Gummy Bears. What I don’t love is all the corn syrup and artificial nasties you find in most store bought versions, or the organic ones cost $30 a pound. So I thought in this economy everyone wants to save money and make more things at home, so I thought you all would enjoy our recipe. There is so many versions you can make, this recipe is just a basic one.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5
Ready in:
15
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
