URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62164595/vegan-key-lime-cheesecake/
Title:
Vegan Key Lime Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
for the crust:
2 cups cookie crumbs (graham, gingersnaps, lemonsnaps, any kind of cookie really...just make sure they're vegan)
1/2 cup flaked coconut
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract (and 1/2 teaspoon of lemon if using lemonsnaps)
1/2 cup melted dairy-free margarine/butter substitute
for the filling:
1 package (12 1/3 oz) silken tofu
8 oz vegan cream cheese (if making this for a strict vegan, be aware that some "non-dairy" cream cheese actually has milk products in it)
1/2 cup fresh squeezed lime juice (key lime specifically if you can find them)
2 teaspoons fresh grated lime zest
1 teaspoon lemon extract
8 oz (2 packets) vanilla flavored vegan pudding mix
1 tablespoon sugar
Coconut Whipped Cream:
1 can coconut milk, chilled (do not use light for this)
1 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 teaspoon spiced rum (optional)

Directions:
for the crust:
preheat oven to 350. process or hand crush cookies until the resemble chunky sand. mix in coconut, extract and margarine. press very firmly into tart or pie pan and bake about 15 minutes. you're looking for slightly golden and set. let the crust cool before adding the filling.
for the filling:
drain tofu and blend with cream cheese until smooth (this takes a while). add lime juice and continue blending. add zest, extract, pudding mix and sugar, blend well and transfer to prepared pie shell.
chill at least 2 hours, preferrably over night. top with coconut whipped cream (see below).
Coconut Whipped Cream:
combine everything in a stainless steel bowl and whip with a hand blender or stand mixer. by hand with a whisk if you're really adventurous. it helps to put the bowl in the freezer for a while before you whip.

Submitter: 
aebon
Description: 
people won't believe this is vegan
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
