URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62166616/breakfast-empenadas/
Title:
Breakfast Empenadas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Filling:
2 tablespoons of butter
1/2 cup of flour
1 cup whole milk
2 eggs
1 cup of Edam cheese (grated)
1 tablespoon cayenne pepper (or to taste)
1 tablespoon garlic salt (or to taste)
1 lb fried and crumbled bacon
(chopped green onion or green chili to taste)
Dough:
6 cups flour (plus a little more for kneading)
2 teaspoon salt
1 cup cold water
2 eggs
2 egg whites
2 teaspoons vinegar
6 tablespoons shortening

Directions:
Dough:
1. In a bowl, beat the water, egg, egg white and vinegar together. Set aside.
2. In a separate bowl, mix together the 6 cups of flour and salt.
3. Cut the shortening into the flour mix with a pastry blender. Make a well in the center of the flour mix and pour the liquid ingredients from the first bowl into the center.
4. Mix the wet and dry ingredients with a fork until it becomes stiff.
5. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Knead it just until all the flour is incorporated and the dough is smooth.
6. Wrap the dough in plastic and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.
7.  Roll out into 20, 6 inch circles.
Filling:
1.  Fry 1 lb of bacon and allow grease to completely drain.  Crumble and set aside.
2.  Melt butter in sauce pan and whisk in flour, allow to darken while stirring 1-2 minutes.
Slowly whisk in milk, trying to smooth clumps. You can use a wand mixer to keep it smooth.  Cook until sauce thickens slightly.
3.  Whisk in 2 eggs and continue to cook for 1-2 more minutes.
4.  Slowly stir in grated cheese until melted.  Add in cayenne pepper and garlic salt.
5.  Roll up bottom side of empenada dough circle to form a a shallow edge.  In the center put about 1 tbsp of bacon, 1/2 tbsp onion/green chili and 1 to 2 tbsp of egg mixture.  Fold and crimp edges together with fork.
6.  Place all assembled empanadas on a cookie sheet and place in the freeze.  After about 30 minutes poke the top of each empenada 3 times with a fork to allow vents when baking.  Freeze until solid and store in a freezer bag for up to 3 months.
To cook - heat oven to 400 degrees and bake for 20 minutes or until top is golden

Submitter: 
TheCattlemansWife
Description: 
I make a batch of these every few weeks and freeze them, they are basically hot pockets without all the chemicals.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1.5 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
