URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62165048/morning-oatmeal-meal/
Title:
Morning Oatmeal Meal Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 c Quaker Instant Oats
1 c Water
1/2 Apple cored and sliced into small thin pieces
1 tsp ground cinnamon (more or less for taste - I go more)
1 banana
1/4 c raisins
2 Tbsp wheat germ
2 Tbsp local honey
1/2 c blueberries

Directions:
Combine first four ingredients (oats, water, apple, cinnamon) into microwave-safe bowl twice the size necessary. Microwave on high for 2 minutes or until most of the water is absorbed.
Add wheat germ and honey to oat mixture along with bananas, raisins, and blueberries. Mix well. When you've done this enough, you can measure things by sight - I know my hand holds 1/4 cup of raisins or blueberries, so I don't dirty a measuring cup. I wrap the unused half of the apple in wax paper and then in aluminum foil and save it for tomorrow (or maybe even for a snack later in the day). The wax paper and aluminum foil keeps it from turning yellow, and doesn't add the off taste of spritzing with lemon juice.
The heat from the oats warms the fruit and helps the honey incorporate. This is 466 calories. The sugars from the fruit and honey will make your doctor happy. If you have allergies, the local honey will help your body build up immunity to many allergens. During the winter, I substitute real maple syrup for the honey (gives it a different taste, and gets me into the season).
Grab a spoon and enjoy. When you're done, wash your bowl, knife, and spoon quickly (oatmeal dries to the strength of concrete if allowed to sit in either the sink or dishwasher).

Submitter: 
Dave Kramer
Description: 
Breakfast is the most important meal of my day. If I skimp there, the entire day drags along. I'm also a big fan of one pot cooking, so this dish fills both.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5
Ready in:
5
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
