URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62162332/raspberry-custard-tart-summer-delight/
Title:
Raspberry Custard Tart Summer Delight Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Crust
2 cups flour
1 cup sugar
small amount grated lemon peel
pinch of cinnamon
8 tablespoons (1 stick) butter
1 whole egg plus 1 yolk
Pie
4 Eggs
2 Cups sugar
3 Tbs Vanilla
Large bowl raspberries, to fill crust to almost overflowing (They shrink while cooking)

Directions:
Pre-heat oven to 300 degrees F.
If you choose you can use a regular pie crust.
Over the years I discovered this one, and think it is incredible.
Combine 2 cups flour, 1 cup sugar, lemon peel, cinnamon, butter and 1 egg plus yolk in bread machine.  This just makes it really easy.  If it is not combining well add cold water teaspoon at a time to help dough ball form.
You could make old fashioned way if you like, combining all dry ingredients working in the cold butter with pastry blender and then adding the egg.
Bread machine just makes it as good and faster.
Make sure you remove dough before the bread machine warms up for the rise and then bake modes!
Grease inside of a large fluted tart pan
Roll out dough using extra flour to prevent the dough from sticking to pastry sheet or rolling pin.
Shape rolled dough to tart pan allowing for enough excess dough to initially wrap over side, then after forming the dough to the pan use thumb and two finger technique to flute the top portion of the crust. ( I like to make it as high as I can with out flopping over to contain more raspberries!)  Sometimes after this and if I made it especially high I will take aluminum foil and wrap it around tart pan and to height of the dough to help hold its form.
Fill empty crust with fresh raspberries to capacity.
Custard
In separate bowl mix eggs, sugar, and vanilla using hand blender until completely combined.
Pour mixture over the top of the fruit.
Place tartpan on top of a foil covered cookie sheet to catch any drips that might bubble over while cooking.
Place on center rack of oven.
Bake at 300 degrees F., for 60-90 minutes.
Test prior to removing with a butter knife to make sure custard is completely cooked.
Cool.
Serve topped with fresh whipped cream.
**personally I like this tart chilled, but to each their own.
***The closest thing I have eaten to this raspberry tart in this recipe is the raspberry custard bars they sell at whole foods.  I love them because they are the "closest" thing.  But after having the REAL thing it takes me six months before Whole Foods, raspberry custard bars taste good to me again.
You can use any fruit to make this tart.
Subtract one cup sugar from the batter mixture for any fruit that is not equally tart as raspberries.
My mother would have more sugar (3 cups for this recipe with raspberries)  I just really like the sweet sour taste and not only sweet.

Submitter: 
Shanda
Description: 
If done right my FAVORITE all time desert!
This is what I usually ask for instead of birthday cake.  
My problem is my birthday is not during raspberry season.
I have never eaten one like this aside from my mothers, hers is a little sweet so the recipe is modified to give more of the sweet sour polarities.
If you make me one watch out better make two one for me and one for you and the others too share!  :-)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
