URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62166937/pizza-chicken-not-chicken-pizza/
Title:
PIZZA CHICKEN (not chicken pizza) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/482307.jpg
Ingredients:
3 boneless skinless chicken breasts
2 eggs
all purpose flour for breading
dry bread crumbs for breading
1/4 cup finely chopped onion
1/4 cup finely chopped celery
1 clove garlic minced
2 tablespoons olive oil
(1) 6 ounce can of tomato paste
(1) 6 ounce can of water
1 teaspoon dry sweet basil
1 teaspoon dry oregano
1 teaspoon fennel seeds (do not leave out)
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon sugar
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
1/8 teaspoon dry crushed red pepper flakes

Directions:
Depending on how thick the chicken pieces are, slice them horizontally into two or three thin layers. Coat each layer with all purpose flour, then dunk them into
beaten eggs, then coat them with a generous layer of fine dry bread crumbs. Brown these cutlets in a little canola oil and set them on paper towels to drain. Because they are thin, they will cook quite quickly.
Next make the pizza sauce: Saute the onion, celery and garlic in the olive oil until they are tender. Add the rest of the ingredients and bring to a boil on medium-high heat. The sauce will thicken up very quickly after it comes to a boil which is what you want (thick). Remove from heat and set aside.
Top the browned chicken with the pizza sauce (dividing equally between the cutlets) and top with a generous handful of mozzarella cheese.
Bake at 350 until the chicken and sauce are nice and hot and the cheese is melted (about 15 minutes).
NOTE: Add any veggies you like on pizza (before you put it in the oven).
NOTE: If you decide to use a commercial pizza sauce, just make sure it is a very thick one (but I hope you will use the above recipe instead).

Submitter: 
Coleen's Recipes
Description: 
This is a great twist on chicken parmesan. Made, basically the same way, but topped with a thick savory pizza sauce and mushrooms and creamy mozerella. A huge hit with kids and adults alike.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
