URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62168382/chile-rellanos-con-ranchero-salsa/
Title:
Chile Rellanos con Ranchero Salsa Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/296134.jpg
Ingredients:
Chiles:
6 Chile Rellanos
1 Cup flour
1 Tspn Season Salt
1 Tspn Pepper
2 Egg white
2 Egg yolks
3 Cups of Shredded Mozzarella Cheese
Ranchero salsa:
1-1/2 Cup chopped tomatoes
1/2 Cup Red bell peppers chopped
1/2 Cup Green bell peppers chopped
1 Cup White Onion
1 Garlic Clove minced
1-2 Jalapenos Diced
3 Tablespoon Chopped Cilantro
1 Tspn Cumin
1/2 Tspn Salt
1/4 Tsp Cayenne
2-3 Tablespoons oil
1 Chicken Boullion Cube
1-1/2 Cups of Water
Rice:
3 Cup Instant Rice
3 Cup Water
1-1/2 Chicken Boullion cube
1 Stick Butter (to sub butter use 1 -8oz can tomato sauce)
1/3 Cup Oil

Directions:
Chiles:
First take the Chile Rellenos and roast them on a cormal or griddle until the skin turns black on all sides.  Once they are all black place them in a paper bag for about 10 minutes.  While they are cooling take about 1 cup flour to start with, add a little salt and pepper to it and set it aside.  Then take a bowl and put 2 egg whites only in it and whip it until it is white and fluffy (5minutes, about) then keep whipping it and add the yolk in there, whip those in a couple more minutes. In a frying pan heat about 1/2 cup of oil on med heat.  Open your bag of chilies and peel the skin off them, and I leave the stems on them you could take them off if you would like.  If you would like to stuff them, make a small slit in from the top to the bottom, remove the seeds carefully not to rip it, then stuff whatever you like in there, we use shredded mozzarella cheese for ours.   Then roll the chilies in the flour that you mixed and set the chilies aside.   Roll the Chiles in the eggs that you whipped to cover every side.  Then place them in the oil, which should be warm by now.  Fry each side until golden brown and set them aside.  We also top them with a tomato sauce; I will add that recipe below if you like.
Place oil into skillet and until warm.  Add onions and peppers to oil and sauté about 3-5 minutes. Add cumin, salt, cayenne, jalapeno, garlic stirring add in tomatoes and their juices.  Stir another 2-3 minutes.  Add water and chicken bouillon cube.  Simmer until thickened, about 15 minutes.  Remove from heat and add cilantro.  Cover until ready to use.

Submitter: 
Sherbear1
Description: 
This is a traditional meal in Mexico.  It may be a little time consuming but worth it in the end.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
40
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
