URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62168565/bountiful-turkey-burgers-with-chipotle-sweet-potato-chutney/
Title:
Bountiful Turkey Burgers with Chipotle Sweet Potato Chutney Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Chipotle Sweet Potato Chutney
2 cups fresh or frozen cranberries
2 tablespoons honey
¾ cup packed light brown sugar
2 tablespoons finely chopped chipotle peppers in adobe sauce
2 teaspoons adobe sauce
1 cup water
1 cup shredded uncooked sweet potato
¼ teaspoon Kosher salt
¼ teaspoon black pepper
Caramelized Onions
2 cups thinly sliced sweet onion, such as Texas Sweets or Vidalia
2 tablespoons softened butter
2 tablespoons olive oil
Burgers
2 cups diced portabella mushrooms
¼ cup finely chopped shallots
¼ cup finely chopped sprigs of fresh parsley
3 tablespoons butter
2 tablespoons sherry
2 lbs ground turkey
1 teaspoon poultry seasoning
1/8th  teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg
1/4th  teaspoon white pepper
1 teaspoon Kosher salt
Whipped cream cheese , well chilled.
6 good quality wheat hamburger buns

Directions:
Directions
Prepare a medium-hot fire in a charcoal grill with a cover, or preheat a gas grill to medium-high heat.
To make the chutney, combine cranberries, honey, brown sugar, chipotle peppers, adobe sauce and water into saucepan.
Place the saucepan on a medium heat. Bring the mixture to a boil, reduce heat. Simmer for 20 minutes, add sweet potatoes, salt and pepper. Simmer for additional 10-20 minutes until mixture has thickened and sweet potatoes are tender.
To make the caramelized onions
Combine the butter and olive oil over medium heat. Stir in the onions and cook until onions until the onions have softened and are a rich brown color, approximately 20 minutes. Turn onions frequently to avoid burning.
To prepare the patties, stem and wipe clean the portabella mushrooms.
Place the mushrooms into food processor and pulse into small pieces, do not make a paste
Measure out  2 cups of mushrooms, add diced shallots and parsley. Heat butter in a skillet on medium heat grill Add mushroom mixture to the heated butter. Add sherry and sauté until liquid has evaporated, approximately 5 minutes.
Let the mushroom mixture cool to the touch. Add the mushroom mixture to ground turkey, add poultry seasoning, nutmeg, white pepper, and Kosher salt. Mix all ingredients, being careful to not work the meat too much. Form 6 patties, place on parchment paper and set in cool place until ready to grill.
Brush the grill rack with vegetable oil. Place the patties on the grill, cover and grill until patties are browned, approximately 4-5 minutes. Turn patties and cook an additional 4-5 minutes, or until you reach an internal temperature of 165 degrees.
During the last few minutes of cooking, brush tops and bottoms of buns with melted butter, place buns cut side down on the grill and toast lightly.
To assemble Bountiful Burger
Spread whipped cream cheese on bottom bun to cover
Spread chipotle, sweet potato chutney on top of cream cheese
Place burger on top of chutney
Top burger with caramelized onions
Cover with top bun
Enjoy!

Submitter: 
kimberly
Description: 
This is a twist on our favorite sandwiches we always make every year with our leftover Thanksgiving turkey.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
one h
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
