URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62166246/grapefruit-vanilla-meringue-pie/
Title:
Grapefruit Vanilla Meringue "Pie" Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 grapefruits
1/4 cup brown sugar
1 1/2 cup vanilla ice cream
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
MERINGUE
2 egg whites
1/4 cup sugar

Directions:
Using a sharp knife, cut the two ends off of each grapefruit. Keeping it on the cutting board, cut off the peel and the pith on the outside of the fruit.
Holding the grapefruit in one hand, carefully cut out and remove the sections of the grapefruit over a medium-sized bowl.  Be sure to cut out or around the membrane by sliding the knife in between the flesh and the membrane. Do this with each grapefruit.
Squeeze out the extra juice into the bowl, but be careful about any seeds falling in.
Toss the grapefruit sections with the brown sugar and vanilla in the bowl.
Transfer the grapefruit to a large, approximately 32-ounce ramekin.
In a metal or glass medium-sized bowl, beat the egg whites until soft peaks form.
Beat in the sugar until dissolved and the meringue is glossy and soft peaks are able to form.
Layer the ice cream over the grapefruit and then top with the meringue and smooth it out.
Bake at 450 degrees F for 7 minutes or until the meringue is golden brown on top.
**Note: If desired, you may use six 4-ounce ramekins for individual portions. Simply divide up the grapefruit, ice cream, and merinque evenly into the six ramekins.

Submitter: 
Alisan
Description: 
The tartness of the grapefruit is softened with the help of brown sugar and vanilla ice cream with a smooth and fluffy meringue on top. This dessert screams sophistication, yet it doesn't require expensive ingredients or fancy baking skills. This pie can be served as the final touch on nice dinners or just for your family when you're craving something other than a scoop of vanilla ice cream after dinner. Also, this dish is great because you can be creative and substitute other citric fruits instead of the grapefruit like oranges or pineapple, whatever you'd like!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
