URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62165671/shrimp-scallop-fettuccini-deluxe/
Title:
Shrimp & Scallop Fettuccini Deluxe Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/288586.jpg
Ingredients:
1 # Fresh Shrimp, de-shelled and de-veined
½ # sea scallops (remove muscle appendages)
¼  cup olive oil
2 tbsp butter
½ medium onion (diced)
2 shallots (diced)
2 Sorrento peppers (seeded & finely diced)
4 cloves garlic (crushed and diced)
Salt, pepper
1 ½  cups chicken or fish stock
½  pint heavy cream
½ cup finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese
Basil and thyme to taste (I use about 1 heaping tsp. each)
1 heaping tbsp corn starch mixed with ¼ cup cold water.
1 Package fresh fettuccini noodles
Diced scallions for garnish.

Directions:
Bring large pot of salted water to a boil. Add 1 tablespoon olive oil to keep pasta from sticking together. Do not add the pasta yet.
In another skillet, sauté the scallops in melted butter until just cooked through. Remove and set aside. Then add olive oil and sauté the onion, garlic, peppers and shallots on medium high heat until onions are translucent.
Add chicken/fish stock, salt and freshly ground black pepper and simmer for about 10 minutes. Add cream and cheese and continue to simmer, stirring often for about 10 minutes more. Add cornstarch/water mixture and herbs and continue stirring constantly until sauce thickens. If it gets too thick add a little more stock to thin it a bit.
Add shrimp and scallops and lower heat to simmer. Continue to stir often until shrimp are pink and tender. Remove from heat, cover and set aside while fettuccini cooks..
Drop fresh fettuccini into boiling water for 3 minutes, stirring to separate noodles. (Note: Dried Fettuccini will take about 8 minutes to cook.) Drain and transfer to serving dish. Add shrimp mixture and toss.  Sprinkle generously with grated parmesan. Garnish with scallions and serve.

Submitter: 
Jim McConnell
Description: 
Original recipe.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
60
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
