URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62165239/won-derful-won-ton-pillows/
Title:
Won Derful Won Ton Pillows Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 small brown onion-chopped
1 large clove garlic chopped
1/4 cup packed pitted Kalamata olives
1/4 cup packed fresh Italian Parlsey leaves
3/4 cup green bell pepper chopped
3/4 cup diced celery
2-3 dashes Hoisin Sauce
1 scallion onion chopped
2 1/2 cups Crimini mushrooms chopped
1 teaspoon Cumin
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/8 teaspoon salt
olive oil
Panko bread crumbs
won ton wrappers

Directions:
heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in small skillet, add chopped brown onion and garlic, cook on medium heat until onions start to brown approx 4-5 minutes.  Place Kalamata Olives and Parsley in food processor, add onions/garlic to food processor when cooked thru and slighty browned, add green bell pepper and celery to skillet and cook with Hoisin Sauce, deglaze pan with tablespoon water if needed 2-3 minutes. When cooked thru add bell pepper and celery in food processor. Sautee mushrooms in skillet until browned, deglazing with one tablespoon water when needed approx 5 minutes, when done add to food processor with scallion, cumin, salt and pepper. Pulse the food processor until you have a nice medium course texture.
Place 1/4 cup Panko bread crumb on sheet pan. Place Won Ton wrappers on top of Panko. Scoup 1 Tablespoon mixture on to middle of wrapper. Lighty moisten a wrapper and top (moistened part down) and tap down sides and corners together. Continue until all are filled and covered. Cook in preheated oven 350-375 10-12 minutes until corners and sides are golden brown.

Submitter: 
souplover Sue
Description: 
Vegetarian and packed with tons of flavor, low fat, filling and delicious. Serve alone or with a side soup or salad. No one can eat just one. This filling can also be used for mushroom caps if you dont have Won Tons. Simply delicious!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
21
Nutritional Facts:
NA
