URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62169534/salmonberry-cake/
Title:
Salmonberry cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
one box of white cake mix
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
3 eggs
water
3 1/2 cups salmonberries (either fresh or thawed)
1/2 cup white sugar
whipped topping or vanilla ice cream

Directions:
Preheat oven according to box cake directions.  Grease pan well or use cupcake papers.
Cake:
Take two cups of salmonberries and strain the pulp and juice from them.  I do this by placing a small metal mesh strainer on a bowl and smashing the berries through the strainer with a large metal spoon.  Throw away the seeds left over.   This makes approximately 1 1/4 cup salmonberry pulp/juice.  Place pulp in a small bowl.  Add enough water to make a total of 2 cups of the salmonberry pulp mixture.  Mix well and set aside.
Prepare white cake mix as directed, except substitute one cup of the salmonberry pulp mixture for one cup of water required for the recipe.  Once well mixed, carefully fold in 1 1/2  cups whole salmonberries. Pour into cake pans or cupcake pan with paper cups.  Bake according to box.  I found that it might take a little longer to cook than normal.  Check by inserting a toothpick, cake is done when toothpick comes out clean.
Topping (prepared while cake is cooking):
In a small saucepan pour in remaining one cup of salmonberry juice, remaining 1/2 cup whole berries, and half cup sugar.  Stirring constantly heat over med high heat till mixture starts to simmer.  Remove from heat and set aside.
Assemble:
For cupcakes:  Before cake cools take a fork and gently poke holes into top of cupcake.  Pour a small spoonful of topping mixture over each cupcake.  Serve with vanilla ice cream or whipped topping.
For layered cake:  Poke holes into the layers while cooling with a knife or fork (keep holes in the center of the cake and way from the edges.) .  Pour topping over cake and let cool before assembling.  Serve with whipped topping or vanilla ice cream.
For a sweeter and drier cake omit the topping. The topping is very tart. You can add whole salmonberries for embellishment.

Submitter: 
inupiaqcook
Description: 
These wonderful orange berries are also known as cloudberries or bakeapples, and are a staple of the Inupiaq Eskimos of the North Slope of Alaska.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
