URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62161642/pepian-dulce-pork-in-sweet-guatemalan-sauce/
Title:
Pepian Dulce (pork in sweet Guatemalan sauce) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For cooking the Meat:
1 pound of boneless Pork Loin cut into one-inch cubes
3 cups of Water
1 teaspoon of Salt
1 clove of Garlic
1 medium Onion
For “Pepian Dulce” sauce:
6 Tomatoes
1 Onion
1 tablespoon of Squash Seeds
1 tablespoon of Sesame Seeds
2 Pasilla chili peppers
½ stick of Cinnamon
1 small Sweet Bread roll (the sort you can find at Latino bakeries)
1 three-inch slice of Baguette
2 whole Allspice Berries
3 whole Black Peppercorns
3 tablespoons of Olive oil
½ a teaspoon of Salt
3 tablespoons of Brown Sugar
2 dried chopped Prunes (pit removed)
1 tablespoon of chopped Almonds

Directions:
Cooking the Meat: Put the meat pieces in a pan with the onion, garlic, and salt. Cover with three cups water, bring to a boil and simmer for 30 minutes or until the pork is cooked. Drain off, place the pork pieces aside, and reserve the stock.
Cooking the Sauce: Remove the stems and seeds from the Pasilla chili peppers, toast them on a hot skillet and stir until the chiles are fragrant, about 1 minute, being careful not to burn them. Tear them up and soak the pieces in a cup of the hot pork stock for 30 minutes.
Place the tomatoes and onion in the skillet and stir until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Remove and place aside.
Place the squash seeds, sesame seeds, and cinnamon in the skillet until the ingredients are browned. Remove and place aside.
Place the sweet bread, baguette and stir until browned. Remove and place aside.
Working in small batches, puree all the toasted ingredients with the chili peppers, allspice and peppercorns in a blender until smooth, adding about half the amount of the pork broth or until you have a smooth sauce.
Strain sauce in a sieve.
Heat the olive oil in a pot and fry the sauce for three minutes.
Season sauce to taste with salt and sugar. Add the rest of the broth, pork meat, chopped prunes, and almonds.  Let it cook together for 10 minutes and serve.

Submitter: 
El_Ixto
Description: 
Pepian is among the 4 national dishes of Guatemala declared in 2007 as an inseparable part of its heritage. Pepian is hot, hearty, simple yet complex. In Guatemala, pepian has as many variations as there are cooks; Here is my family's recipe for a sweet version of this sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
