URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62163546/chilean-empanadas-meat-turnover/
Title:
Chilean Empanadas (Meat turnover) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/391763.jpg
Ingredients:
Filling:
4 Lbs of lean ground meat
8 onions (chopped)
6 T paprika
2T cumin powder
2 cups of beef broth (warmed)
2 T salt
2T of all purpose flour
6 hard boiled eggs (cut in 4 lengthwise slices each)
24 Calamata olives (drained)
44-50 raisins (soaked in hot water for 5-10 min)
2T salt or to taste
Dough:
9 cups of all purpose flour
1 cup of vegetable shortening (such as Crisco).
1 cup of milk (warm)
1 1/2 cup of water (very warm)
1T salt
1 envelope of Rapid Rise Active Dry yeast
One egg yolk stirred with 2T milk for brushing (egg wash)
Large baking pan lined with aluminum foil

Directions:
Fry meat until cooked but not browned; drain. Add onions and spices, bring to a boil. Cook until onions are soft (5 min) Add broth,and salt to taste (2T). Add flour through a sifter. Stir for 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool completly.
Dough:Dissolve the salt in the warm water. Melt the vegetable shortening.  In a large bowl combine the flour, and  dry yeast. Make a whole in he middle and add liquid ingredients, mixing well to incorporate into a dough. Knead the dough by hand 10 min. or on an electric stand mixer on low revolution for 15 min. The dough should be elastic, but firm, adding more very warm water to make a soft dough.
Preheat the oven to 325 F degrees.
Assembly: take a fistfull of dough (around 3" in diameter, the size of a tennis ball.)Keep the rest covered with a kitchel towel)Make a ball with your hand, and flatten on a wooden board. With a rolling pin, roll and shape the dough into a 24" circle, 1/8" thickness (the thickness of a Mexican tortilla). (Technique: roll the dough from the center, outwards, flattening the  edges as you roll, trying to maintain a round circle.)
Place 1/3 cup of the meat filling in the center of the circle. Top with 1 piece of hard boil egg, one olive and 2 to 3 raisins.Moist the edge of the dough with some egg wash, fold in half over the filling, press edges tightly to seal.Turn the middle edge over to make a fold (to the lower edge of the filling) - press the ends tightly - Fold the left edge inside to the edge of the filing, and press firmly the two ends. Finally press the middle edge over the same way and press firmly the two corners. You will end up with a tight envelope style pocket.
Prickle the top of the assembled empanada with a fork, two or three times (to let the air out). Brush top of the empanadas with the yolk-milk mixture, and place on baking pan for approximately 24 minutes or until light golden brown. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
PattyQ
Description: 
Traditionally served in Chile before a  BBQ's or national holidays. This is my mother's recipe, and with some modifications, works very well with US ingredients. Although it may sound labor intensive - it is basically a meat/onion stir fry filling for a simple dough with other goodies to surprise your pallate! A large meat turnover.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
4 h
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
