URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62163429/turkey-and-beef-salami-muffuletta/
Title:
Turkey and Beef Salami Muffuletta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Olive Salad:
1 398 mL can of black olives, drained
1 398 mL can of garlic stuffed green olives, drained
1 medium size white onion
1/4 cup red wine vinegar
1/3 cup olive oil
2 Tbsp fresh basil
2 Tbsp fresh oregano
1/2 tsp salt
pepper, to taste
2 Tbsp Dijon mustard
4 cloves of garlic
Sandwich Ingredients:
1 round sourdough loaf
500 g of sliced turkey
500 g of sliced beef salami
10-20 small pepperoncini peppers, stems removed and chopped
salt and pepper to taste
8-10 slices provolone cheese
Dressing:
2 Tbsp olive oil
1 Tbsp mayonnaise
2 Tbsp red wine vinegar
1 Tbsp Dijon mustard

Directions:
Slice sourdough bread in half and hollow out the center. Reserve the removed bread for another use.
In food processor prepare the olive salad. Combine all 11 ingredients and process until combined into a thick paste. Set aside.
Prepare the dressing. Combine dressing ingredients and whisk until smooth.
Assemble the sandwich. Begin by spreading half of the olive salad in the bottom of the hollowed out sandwich loaf. Layer the sandwich ingredients. Begin with turkey, salami, cheese and then pepperoncini peppers, drizzling the dressing and salt and pepper amongst the layers to taste. Repeat layers once. Top with remaining olive salad and the top portion of the hollowed out sourdough loaf.
Wrap tightly in plastic wrap and refrigerate for a minimum of 5 hours and up to 48 hours.
To serve, slice into wedges and serve with any leftover dressing if desired.

Submitter: 
J
Description: 
I went looking for a portable picnic sandwich and wanted to try a muffuletta. When I couldn't find a recipe that met the dietary needs of my family that doesn't eat pork I created my own!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
5 h 30
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
