URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62166136/fast-food-tacos/
Title:
Fast Food Tacos Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb Lean Ground Beef
1 1/2 T Chili Powder
1/2 tsp. Garlic Powder
1 tsp. Salt
1/4 tsp. Black Pepper
1/3 Cup Spicy Refried Beans
1 T Hot Taco Sauce
12 Corn Tortillas
6 American Cheese Slices folded into triangles
Shredded Lettuce
Vegetable Oil

Directions:
Cook the ground beef in a skillet, breaking up as many clumps as possible to a fine texture.  Pour into a collander to drain the fat; return ground beef to the pan and add the seasonings; cook another minute then add the refried beans and hot taco sauce mixing it in well.  Turn off stove.
Prepare a platter with paper towels and set near your cooking workspace.  Heat aprox. 3 T of oil (or enough to cover the bottom of your skillet) on Med/High until hot.  Working one at a time, place aprox. 2T of the filling on only half of the corn tortilla; press down to help it adhere to the tortilla and keeping it away from the ege by a 1/2 inch.
Use a wide spatula to lift your taco into the hot oil; this should be done with the tortilla un-folded so it doesn't break.  When the tortilla has begun to cook (about 10-12 seconds) use the spatula to fold over the side without beans to cover the side with the beans; It's ok if a little oil goes in while it's cooking.  When nicely browned flip over and cook the other side.  Take out with your spatula or metal tongs and place on the paper towels to drain; when cool enough to touch carefully open up taco to slide in a triangle of cheese.   Continue cooking all 12 tacos adding a little more oil as needed.  When ready to serve add lettuce and more hot taco sauce.

Submitter: 
Traci-in-Cali
Description: 
When we're in the mood for crunchy tacos like our favorite fast-food restaurant this is how I make them.  They're supposed to be spicy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
