URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62160765/italian-sausage-sun-dried-tomato-pasta/
Title:
Italian Sausage & Sun Dried Tomato Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
5        Italian Sausages
6 oz     Bowtie Pasta
1/4 Cup  Marinated Sun-Dried Tomatoes diced
1/2 tsp  Chopped Oregano (I use ready to use in water)
1/2 tsp  Chopped Basil (I use ready to use in water)
3 Tbsp   Minced garlic (I use ready to use in water)
1/4 Cup  Grated Parmesan
4 Cups   Water (Amount may vary. Pasta water not included.)
1 Cup    Brut Champagne (Can use white wine if you prefer)
1 Cup    Heavy Whipping Cream
1 Can    Hunts Fire Roasted Diced Tomatoes
2 Tbsp   Olive Oil
1/2 Cup  Pine Nuts
1 pkg    Grape tomatoes quartered

Directions:
Add 1/2 Tbsp oil to heated skillet on Medium heat and add Pine Nuts. Stir frequently or shake skillet to brown evenly on all sides. Careful, as they tend to brown quickly and burn.  (I suggest removing them from heat as soon as they start to brown and use the heat from the pan to finish toasting.  Set aside for later use.
Add sausages and 1c of water to skillet on high and cover. Continue to cook until water is cooked out then turn sausages, add another cup of water and repeat process until sausages are 3/4 of the way cooked.
Once 3/4 of the way done, slice sausage into round disks, (I use poultry shears to do this in the pan to save me from having to remove the meat, saves time and mess). Add 2 Tbsp Olive Oil, (Or you can use the oil from the sundried tomatoes if you prefer), Garlic, Sun Dried Tomatoes, Basil, and Oregano and sautee while frequently stirring until garlic is browned, (Usually 5-10 minutes).
Meanwhile place pasta in 1 1/2 Quarts boiling water with 1/2 Tbsp Olive Oil and cook to desired tenderness.
Add Fire Roasted tomatoes with juice to Sausage mixture and cook for another 5-10 minutes. Add Champagne, Cream, Parmesan, Salt & Pepper to taste and simmer uncovered, stirring occassionally to reduce to desired thickness.
Eat Sausage Mixture alone or spoon onto Bowtie pasta. Top with Pine Nuts, Parmesan, and grape tomatoes. ENJOY!!

Submitter: 
EarlyRetirement
Description: 
CREAMY & DELICIOUS!! This is something I threw together based on my own tastes.  My family absolutely LOVES. I generally eat the sausage mixture without the bowtie pasta for a low carb version of this meal, however, my kids love the pasta!  (Of course I like a glass of champagne with it so maybe that negates the low carb thing! Haha!) It looks harder to make than it is... with four kids, two of them under the age of 3, I am all about quick and tasty!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5-10 minut
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
