URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62165856/dr-as-greenbeans-carrots-ethiopian-style/
Title:
Dr. A's Greenbeans & Carrots Ethiopian Style Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/4 Cup Olive Oil
2 lbs fresh carrots
2 lbs fresh greenbeans
12 oz Tomato paste
1 Large Red Onion Diced
1 Large Head Garlic Minced
2.5 Ounces minced Ginger
1/2 Cup Ground Cumin
Salt & Black Pepper to taste
Red pepper flakes or alternate pepper to taste

Directions:
Peel and cut carrots in to 1 inch lengths, baby carrots work nicely
Wash fresh greenbeans, snap of stems
Steam greenbeans in Very little water in microwave until cooked, you want the green beans to be cooked and dry, NOT soggy at all; after greenbeans are cooked, drain and wrap in a  paper towel until later
Steam carrots also in microwave with very little water; you also want these to be dry and not soggy so you can drain and wrap them also in a paper towel until later
*you may also drain the carrots and greenbeans placed in covered dish and keep warm in oven until ready to use.
Heat oil in pot (I like one about the size I would use for boiling spaghetti, it is a little on the large size but it makes less mess and is easy to work with)
Sauté onions, add minced garlic taking care not to brown, after cooked, add ginger and cumin incorporating in the oil since the fat will carry the flavors to the rest of the dish you can add some black pepper and salt at this time or wait until dish is cooked (your preference).
Add tomato paste and combine.
Allow mixture to come to simmer while stirring to make sure that it does not burn.
When it is hot add in the cooked dry  (but not dried out) carrots and Greenbeans.
Combine well and heat completely.
Serve with Quick Injera or over rice.

Submitter: 
Shanda
Description: 
This is my FAVORITE Ethiopian Recipe EVER!  I have been trying to re-create it 4yrs unsuccessfully!  I worked with a Ethiopian DR who said he could write down the recipe!  The ingredient amounts I had to figure out.
Supposed to be a replica of the Greenbean/Carrot dish made at Zed's Ethiopian Restaurant in Georgetown, Washington D.C.
Thank you Dr. A! 
Serve with fresh Injera or if you don't have it over rice.
I submitted a quick easy Injera recipe to this web sight, it they publish it I recommend the two together, since it really cuts down on the time for making injera.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
