URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62161811/artichoke-antipasto-pasta-salad/
Title:
Artichoke Antipasto Pasta Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
GROUP A
5 plum tomatoes
2 large red bell peppers
1 large green bell pepper
1 large Vidalia or sweet onion
3 small zucchini squash
3 small yellow squash
4-5 cloves fresh garlic
3 carrots
5 jars (6 oz. each) marinated artichokes, drained & dry.
salt, pepper, dried thyme, dried oregano, extra virgin olive oil
SEE DIRECTIONS BEFORE ADDING BEANS
1/2 can (15oz) garbanzo beans, rinsed
GROUP B
3-4 oz. chopped black olives
4 Tbl. tomato paste
1/4 cup Parmesan cheese, freshly grated
4 Tbl. red wine vinegar
1/4 cup dry red wine
1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil
1/4 cup water

Directions:
Preheat oven to 450ºF.  Take the veggies in-group A, except garbanzo beans, and cut into similar sized pieces, about 2-inch size.
Leave garlic cloves whole.  Place into bowl and sprinkle with about 1 Tbl. salt, 2 tsp. freshly ground black pepper, 1 Tbl. dried thyme, 1 tsp. dried oregano.  Drizzle about 4 Tbl. olive oil over all and mix to coat.
Pour onto a flat baking sheet, spreading evenly.  Roast at 450ºF for 50 minutes, until the onions are getting crispy at the edges and the veggies are tender.
Cool slightly.  Place in food processor along with garbanzo beans and pulse until chopped but still slightly chunky.  Pour into large bowl.  Add ingredients from GROUP B to roasted veggie mixture, and stir to blend together. Set aside.
Boil 1 pound of short pasta (orecciette, farfalle, spirals, etc.) in salted water until done.  Drain and place in separate large bowl.  Put about 3/4 the veggie mixture into pasta and stir gently to combine.  (The reserved veggie mixture can be added now or saved if the salad is to be served cold.)  If chilled, wait until just before serving to add the remaining veggie mixture with a dash of water.  You can also add some diced salami to this salad.

Submitter: 
Cyndi K.
Description: 
This recipe can be an entree or a side dish, served warm or chilled.  It takes some preparation and time, but well worth the effort.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 h 45
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
