URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62169661/mangalore-mutton-curry/
Title:
MANGALORE  MUTTON CURRY Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
½ kg boneless Mutton, cut into small pieces
250 gms potatoes, cut into fourths
3 large onions
6 cloves of garlic
4 cm long piece of ginger
2 large tomatoes, pureed
1 teaspoon turmeric (haldi) powder
1 tablespoon tamarind paste
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
Salt to taste
1 teaspoon sugar
1 cup water
Coriander leaves, for garnish
For masala paste:
1 tablespoon poppy (khus khus) seeds
1 stick cinnamon (dalcini)
4 cloves (lavang)
15 black peppercorns
1 black cardamom (badi elaichi)
1 teaspoon cumin (jeera) seeds
4 dry red chillis
1 teaspoon oil
1//2 cup grated coconut

Directions:
Grind the onions, garlic, and ginger together into a paste. Heat oil in a pressure cooker bottom. Add the onion paste and fry over medium heat until golden brown.
While onion paste is cooking, get masala paste ready. Heat 1 teaspoon oil in a small frying pan and roast all the dry spices. Grind to a paste along with the coconut. Keep for later.
Once onion masala is ready, add the pureed tomatoes. Cook, stirring frequently till tomatoes are cooked and change colour. Now add the turmeric powder and some salt. Now add the mutton and bhuno/stir fry the mutton in the masala till the mutton gives out some juices, about 10 minutes. Now add the potatoes, ground coconut masala paste, tamarind paste, sugar, and 1 cup water.
Bring to a boil, close the pressure cooker lid and cook at high pressure for 2 whistles. Reduce heat to simmer and cook for 15 more minutes. Once pressure has released, open cooker. Check salt and seasonings. Garnish with coriander leaves. Serve.

Submitter: 
SUSMITA
Description: 
I first tried this curry in a restaurant in Bangalore. I loved it so much that I asked all my friends if they knew anyone from Mangalore who could share the recipe with me. Finally, one of my friends came through. Below is an adaptation of her mother’s recipe. If you like peppery curries and tamarind, you are sure going to love this style of curry. Serve with steamed plain rice or with chapati.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
