URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62163859/coconut-pancakes/
Title:
Coconut Pancakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups coconut flour
1/2 cup rice flour
2 teaspoons baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
5 whole eggs, separated
1/4 cup butter, melted
3 cups buttermilk
1 teaspoon almond extract

Directions:
Combine the dry ingredients in one bowl and the egg yolks, butter, buttermilk, and extract in another.
Heat your griddle to 350 or a skillet to medium-high heat. Lightly grease with a light tasting oil (or try macadamia nut oil for a treat).
Beat the egg whites to somewhere between soft and stiff peaks.
When the pan is ready, mix the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients. Fold in the egg whites, 1/3 at a time.
Ladle onto the griddle and cook. Flip when the edges of the top are not shiney and no more bubbles pop.
This batter is thick, like a cornbread, not wet enough to pour really.
Serve with butter and syrup. I use a non-glycemic reactive agave nectar for the syrup. These pancakes are truly excellent served with a relish made from pineapple, macadamia nuts, and shredded coconut. Combine a can of crushed pineapple and a handful of shredded coconut in a sauce pan with some butter. Add brown sugar or agave nectar to taste. Cook until the liquid is a bit thick, and stir in some crushed macadamia nuts. Serve the relish on top of the pancakes. Maybe add a dollop of whipped cream on each stack.

Submitter: 
JNODWELL
Description: 
I originally developed these pancakes to accommodate a gluten-free, sugar-free diet. They are as versatile as traditional pancakes and can be dressed up or down as the meal requires. My favorite is to serve them with a pineapple, coconut, macadamia nut relish, but they're just as good served traditionally with butter and syrup (agave nectar is a great syrup).
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min.
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
