URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62166409/raspberry-brownie-cheesecake/
Title:
Raspberry Brownie Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 Box Family Size Brownie Mix
2 eggs
1/4 cup water
1/2 cup vegetable oil
24 ounces cream cheese, softened
1 can sweetened condensed milk
3 eggs
2 tsp vanilla extract
3-4 TBSP seedless raspberry preserves

Directions:
Heat the oven to 350 degrees.  Grease the bottom only of a 10" springform pan.
Mix the brownie mix with the 1/4 cup water, 1/2 cup vegetable oil and 2 eggs until blended well.  Pour into springform pan and bake for 35 minutes.
When the brownie crust is done, remove it from the oven to cool a little.  Turn off the oven and leave it cracked open so it can cool inside.
Mix the softened cream cheese, sweetened condensed milk and vanilla until smooth. Be sure to scrape the sides and bottom of the bowl while mixing.  Mix in eggs just until blended.
Take 3-4 Tbsp of the seedless preserves and spread gently over the warm brownie crust.  Pour cream cheese mixture over the top and DO NOT scrape the bowl as you might get clumps of unmixed cream cheese into your batter.
Place the cheesecake on the middle rack of your oven.  Take an oven proof bowl and fill it with hot water and place it on the shelf below the cheesecake.  Turn the oven on to 200 degrees.  Do NOT preheat the oven ahead of time.
Bake for 3 hours at 200 degrees.  After 3 hours, turn off the oven and crack the oven door but let the cheesecake cool some in the oven.  Let it rest at least one hour.  Move it into the fridge after that to cool the rest of the way.
Be sure to use a knife to loosen the cheesecake from the edges of the pan before releasing the springform pan.
Optional: Melt some semi-sweet chocolate morsels over low heat until smooth.  Place into a ziploc bag and clip a small hole in the bottom corner.  Drizzle over the cheesecake for decoration.

Submitter: 
BRIMAT143
Description: 
This is an easy cheesecake with just a few ingredients.  I get requests for it all the time! Low and slow cooking ensure's a smooth, crack free cheesecake.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
