URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62166071/carne-en-su-jugo-steak-bacon-bean-soup/
Title:
Carne en su Jugo  (Steak, Bacon & Bean Soup) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/380128.jpg
Ingredients:
2 LBS Round Steak or Cubed Beef Steak
1 LB Bacon
4-5 Cups Cooked Pinto Beans
2 Chicken Bouillon Cubes
1 Tspn Ground Cumin
1 Tspn Black Pepper
2 packets (.18 ounce) sazon seasoning with coriander and achiote, such as Goya®
2 Tomatillos
1 Tblspn Minced Garlic
1 Roma Tomato-cut into 4 peices
2 Bay leaves
2 Tbspns Salt
Juices from 3 limes
Water
Side:
Limes
Cilantro
Avacado
White Onion
Tortillas
Hotsauce

Directions:
Follow package directions for pinto beans. Once they are done set them aside.
Slice steak into 1/2 in thin strips(sliced very thin). In a bowl place sliced steak, add juice from 3 limes, 2 packets sazon, pepper, cumin, 2 teaspoons salt. Let set for about 30 minutes.
Cut bacon into 1/4 inch peices, place in a 2 quart pot and fry lightly (about 10 minutes). After about 10 minutes add the tomato and garlic, fry another 3 minutes.
Add the steak and juices to the bacon pot. Cook about 2 minutes. Fill pot with water, about 8-10 cups.
Add the 2 chicken bouillon cubes, bay leaves, tomatillos (whole, dont cut them) to pot. Let simmer.
After about 1 hour remove tomatillos and place into blender, with small amount of juice from soup. Blend well, then pour back into soup. Let simmer about 30 more minutes or until meat is tender.
Be sure to remove the bay leaves when it is done cooking! Rinse and drain some beans and place the beans into each bowl (as desired), and top with soup mixture. Add toppings and serve.

Submitter: 
Sherbear1
Description: 
Carne en su Jugo means meat in its own juice, and boy is it good! This recipe is made differently through-out mexico, and is one of my favorite dishes to make! This is a delicious soup with beans, steak & bacon!  What else could you want in a soup?
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
