URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62166402/southern-style-pasta-sauce/
Title:
Southern-Style Pasta Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 lb bacon
4 Medium tomatoes (you can use red or green)
1 cup flour
1 TSBP ground black pepper
2 tsp salt
1 tsp dried crushed rosemary
1 tsp dried thyme
1 cup milk
2 TSBP vegetable oil
1/2 cup half-n-half
1 lb pasta of your choice (ravioli, penne, fetticini, etc.)

Directions:
1. Fry the bacon until crispy, draining and reserving the bacon grease in a seperate container as you go. Set the cooked bacon aside.
2. Bring a pot of water big enough to cook your pasta to a boil.
3. Cut an "X" into the skin of each tomato. Drop each tomato into the boiling water for 15 seconds, then remove to a bowl of ice water and starting at the "X", immediatly peel the skin from the tomato. Repeat with each tomato until all the tomatoes are skinless. Turn the boiling water to low, and reserve for later.
3. Slice the tomatoes into 1/4" slices.
4. Combine the flour, salt, pepper, thyme and rosemary on a plate, blending well.  Pour the milk into a shallow bowl.
5. Combine the reserved bacon grease with the vegetable oil, and coat the bottom of a skillet in just enough to cover. Heat to medium-high.
6. Dredge the tomato slices in the milk, then the flour (both sides), and place in the frying pan. Cook until golden brown on both sides. Don't overcrowd the pan - cook the slices in shifts, adding more bacon grease to the pan as needed. After cooking, set the tomatoes aside in a lidded casserole dish.
7. Once all the tomatoes are cooked, place half of them into the blender. Add the milk used to dredge the raw tomatoes, as well as the half-n-half. Blend on high until smooth.
8. Mash the remaining tomatoes with the back of a fork so that they remain chunky. Add the blended tomatoes.
9. Crumble the cooked bacon and add it into the sauce.
10. Return your pot of water to a boil, and cook the pasta according to the package directions.
11. Drain your pasta, top with the tomato-bacon sauce and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Tiffani Osterhout Panek
Description: 
What could be more southern than fried tomatoes and bacon? Add the twist of applying that combination to pasta, and you have one decadent meal that everyone can love!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
