URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62164803/hot-and-sweet-zucchini-relish/
Title:
Hot and Sweet Zucchini Relish Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8 cups shredded unpeeled zucchini
2 1/2 cups chopped onion
3 tablespoons canning salt
1 red bell pepper, seeded and diced
2-4 jalapeno peppers, seeded and diced
4 cups white sugar
1 1/3 cups white vinegar (5% acidity)
1/3 cup cider vinegar (5% acidity)
2 teaspoons cornstarch
1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric
1 teaspoon celery seed
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/4 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper

Directions:
Place the zucchini and onion in a large, non-metallic bowl, and sprinkle the salt over top. Evenly mix the salt throughout the vegetables. Cover, and refrigerate 8 hours to overnight.
Drain the zucchini in a colander, and rinse well with cold water. Squeeze out excess water and set aside.
Place the sugar, cornstarch, nutmeg, turmeric, celery seed, black pepper, and cayenne pepper into a 4 or 6 quart pot. Stir to combine, then add the vinegars and stir well. Add the drained zucchini, red and jalapeno peppers and mix well.
Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, then reduce the heat to medium-low, and simmer 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, sterilize 8 half-pint jars and lids to hold relish. Pack relish into sterilized jars, leaving 1/4 inch head space. Tap jars on counter or stir with a wooden skewer to remove any air pockets. Wipe jar rims clean with a damp cloth. Screw on lids.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with boiling water. Carefully lower jars into pot using a holder. Leave spaces between jars. Pour in more boiling water if necessary, until tops of jars are covered by 2 inches of water. Bring water to a full boil, then cover and process for 10 minutes.
Remove jars from pot and place on rack until cool. Once cool, press top of each lid with finger, ensuring that seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all). If any jars have not sealed after several hours, place in the refrigerator for storage.

Submitter: 
Pam Ziegler Lutz
Description: 
This recipe packs a little heat. Try it on hot dogs, sandwiches, or with cheese and crackers. It's a great way to enjoy your garden zucchini all year long!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
12 h
Ready in:
18 includi
Number of servings: 
160
Nutritional Facts:
NA
