URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62168902/hotdog-mac-and-cheese/
Title:
Hotdog Mac and Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb elbow pasta cooked
4 hot dogs diced
1 onion diced
1 cup of baby bella mushrooms diced
2 cups of shredded cheddar cheese
2 cups of milk
2 tablesppons of cornstarch
2 tablespoon red wine
2 tablespoon butter plus 2 tbs butter plus 2 tbs butter
2 tablesppons of worcestershire sauce
2 tablspoons soy sauce
1/2 cup bread crumbs
1 tablespoon paprika
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
cook pasta to package directions. set aside.
In a skillet melt 2 tbs of butter add diced onions. Cook on medium low until softened. add mushrooms. turn heat up to medium high for several minutes. then add wine, worcestershire and soy sauce. Cook down until all liquid is absorbed. take off heat and add diced hotdogs.
In a sauce pan melt the other 2 tbs of butter add  2 tbs of cornstarch and whisked until blended. then gradually add 2 cups of milk still whisling until combined. stirring frequently until stemain, but not boiling add most of the cheddar cheese setting aside some cheese to sprinkle on top.
stir until cheese is melted and sauce is thickened. stir in paprika. Then stir in the the contents on the skillet. take off heat and allow to sit for a few minutes.
pour the pasta into a casserole dish ( can spray with cooking spray to avoid sticking.) pour sauce over pasta nad fold into it.
back in the skillet melt 2 more tab of butter and add the breadcrumbs.then sprinkle the remaining cheese on top of mac and then sprinkle the bread crumb miture over that.
bake in preheated oven at 350 for 20- 25 minutes. until bubbley and brown on top. I usually turn on broiler for 3 minutes at the end to brown nicely.
let cool and thicken for 5 minutes before serving!

Submitter: 
Kelly Provost
Description: 
My kids love to have hot dogs with mac and cheese so i found a way to incorporate them right into this baked dish!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
