URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62166525/sensational-slow-cooked-beef-brisket/
Title:
Sensational Slow Cooked Beef Brisket Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/320524.jpg
Ingredients:
1 -5 pound beef brisket
1 1/2 cups Lea and Perrins Worcestershire sauce (approximately).
½ - 1 stick unsalted margarine
2 cups good red wine
1/2 cup water
1 garlic clove
1- 32 oz can carton Progresso Natural Beef Broth
3 shallots or can use 1 large onion
1/3 cup extra virgin olive oil
1 large packages Fresh Chopped Mushrooms
Spice rub  - or season with:
2 Tbs. paprika
2 Tbs. garlic powder
2 Tbs. black pepper
2 Tbs. sea salt
1 Teaspoon cayenne pepper
** I know it sounds like a lot of liquid but it's perfect with a gravy left over.

Directions:
Sauté/brown the mushrooms and shallots in olive oil.  Set aside.
Rub dry rub/seasonings on brisket.
In a large skillet or Dutch oven, start browning brisket in approximately ¼ cup Worcestershire sauce and unsalted margarine.
Continue to add more Worchestershire sauce as it starts to absorbe into the brisket.
Brown on all sides over medium to medium-high heat.
Because of the Worcestershire sauce, it will brown nicely.
Once browned, place brisket in Dutch oven (I usually place mine on a rack in the Dutch oven).
Pour in liquid ingredients.
Top with mushrooms and shallots/onions
Lastly sprinkle more Worcestershire sauce over it all and dabs of unsalted margarine.
Cover and bake at 325 degrees F for ~3 hours then lower temperature to 300 and bake another hour and then lower to 225 degrees for another hour or so.
Baste every hour.
This brisket will be so tender, you can cut it with a fork.
Once removed from the oven, let it rest for 20 or so minutes.
Also, make 100% sure you cut against the grain so it is fork tender.  This will make all the difference in the world if you cut it wrong.  Enjoy

Submitter: 
Cajun Girl
Description: 
Beef brisket cooked to perfection with the perfect blend of seasonings.  So tender you can cut it with a fork.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
6
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
