URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62168440/bramboracky-czech-savoury-potato-panakes/
Title:
Bramboracky (Czech Savoury Potato Panakes) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
oil for frying
paper towels for draining
3-4 large peeled/grated potatoes
2-3 crushed garlic cloves or to taste
salt to taste
pepper to taste
dried or fresh marjoram/oregano to taste
2 tsps. cumin/caraway
2 eggs, beaten
splash of milk in the eggs
enough flour to form a light batter
* optional - ham, bacon, cheese, mustard, ketchup

Directions:
Peel and grate the potatoes (not too fine) and try to squeeze off as much liquid as you can. Once they are drained, move them into a large bowl.
Mix the salt, pepper, marjoram and cumin into the potatoes.
Beat the eggs in a small bowl with a little bit of milk. Add the egg mixture to the grated potatoes and mix it together with a large spoon.
Heat some oil in a large skillet.
Little by little, add flour to your potato mixture to form a batter similar to, but slightly thicker than, pancake batter. It shouldn't be too thick/heavy.
Add a couple of spoons full of your batter to the hot oil.
Flatten it out to make a pancake.
Fry on both sides until is golden brown.
Drain off some of the oil with paper towels.
After the first one cools, taste test it. Is it spicy enough? Do you want to add something?
Enjoy plain, with beer, topped with cheese, ketchup, mustard, add meat to your batter...

Submitter: 
Sonya M. Shafer
Description: 
Bramboracky (bram-bor-atch-key) - 'traditional' deep fried potato pancakes best accompanied by beer. This is a Czech recipe that my boyfriend (he's Czech) and I have fun with often. (Potato pancakes are commonly associated with traditional Czech, Ukrainian, Yiddish, German, Hungarian and Polish cuisine, although other cuisines (including those of India and Korea) also have similar potato pancakes.)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
60
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
