URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62167585/moms-chicken-and-dumplings/
Title:
Mom’s Chicken and Dumplings Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4-5 lb whole roaster chicken quartered
water or chicken stock
1 teaspoon salt
10 whole pepper corns
1 teaspoon dried basil
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme
1 teaspoon rosemary
1 teaspoon poultry seasoning
1-2 lbs. new potatoes, quartered red or gold
4 carrots cut into 1” pieces
3 celery ribs, sliced ¼”
1 medium onion, cut into eighths
1 small bag frozen peas
4 tablespoons flour
3 tablespoons butter
2 cups Bisquick* baking mix
3/4 cup milk
1/4 cup minced fresh parsley

Directions:
Place chicken in a large stock pot, make a bouquet garni with salt, pepper, basil, thme rosemary and poultry seasoning, add to pot and cover with water, bring to boil over high heat.
Cover and lower heat to low and cook for 1 1/2 hours or until chicken is tender.
Remove chicken and bouquet garni, set aside.
Skim fat from broth and add potatoes, carrots, celery and onion.
Cover and cook over medium heat for 15-20 minutes or until vegetables are tender.
Meanwhile, debone and remove skin from chicken. Cut into chunks, return to broth.
In small pan melt 3 tablespoons butter and flour cook 5-6 minutes to make a light roux.
Combine baking mix, milk and parsley and stir.
Add roux and peas to stew and stir to thicken slightly. Reduce heat to simmer. Taste and adjust seasonings.
Drop dough by large rounded tablespoonfuls into simmering stew using two spoons. Fill top of stew pot with dumplings.
Cook, uncovered for 10 minutes.
Cover and cook for 8-10 minutes until the dumplings are done.
Use toothpick to test, don’t over cook
Spoon dumplings on plates, stir stew and serve with dumplings and enjoy!

Submitter: 
Steve Fairhurst
Description: 
Mom made this stew on cold rainy nights, probably came from her mom, I still crave it often.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
