URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62162341/crusted-baked-macaroni-cheese/
Title:
Crusted Baked Macaroni & Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
16 Tbs Butter
2/3 Cup Flour
4 t salt
2 tsp fresh grated black pepper
4 Tbs dry yellow mustard powder
4 Tbs minced dry garlic
6 Cups milk
28 Ounces grated sharp cheddar cheese
16 Ounces grated monterey Jack Cheese
8 Ounces grated mozzarella Cheese
24 Ounces elbow (or other fun shape) macaroni
2 Cups buttered seasoned bread crumbs
1 Cup sesame seeds
2 Tbs paprika

Directions:
Mix together all types of grated cheese
Set aside 2 cups grated cheese from large amount
Melt butter in a large sauce pan
Remove from heat, whisk in flour, salt, mustard, black pepper, and garlic to make rue.
Add milk.  Return to moderate heat stirring constantly until sauce thickens and is smooth
Add everything but 2 cups of grated cheese
*optional insertion of hidden veggies
Stir constantly until cheese is melted and combines throughly taking care never to bring mixture to a boil.  Take off the heat and set to the side.
Pre-heat oven to 375 degrees F.
Boil water in a VERY large pot.
Cook pasta to al dente via instructions on the box
Drain pasta and rinse with cold water to remove excess starch.
Combine pasta with sauce.
Grease 2, 2 quart casserole dishes (this is a bulk recipe so I often use other varied size dishes then freeze for a dinner on at another time.)
Pour pasta mixture into casserole dishes.
Top with mixture of well buttered seasoned bread crumbs, paprika, sesame seeds & remaining cheese.
Bake covered with aluminum foil for 30 minutes till bubbly, remove foil broil on high.
When nicely browned remove from oven cool, & serve.
Serving sugg;  Serve with green peas and a side of canned tomatoes.  Juices from the tomatoes mixing with the mac & cheese is suburb.
* Mommy idea:   "Sneak in healthy foods kids think they do not like" Usually broccoli & carrots, but it varied on what I had.  Then use food processor after prepping veggies using the finest grate, grate the veggies, incorporating them into the sauce before adding the cheese.
I sent this to my sisters for our 6 kids lunch one day.  She called me laughing, told me that was the best disguise job she had ever seen.  She wanted to know what veggies to do it herself. Promised to keep secret.

Submitter: 
Shanda
Description: 
Comfort FOOD!  Not nice on the hips but tastes great on the lips.
Very hard for me to eat another kind of mac and cheese and enjoy it.
Also GREAT way to sneak your kids veggies the will love even if they don't know its in there!
Freeze extras 4 later.  Topping pasta dish.  1.  Wrap with plastic wrap then Aluminum Foil.  With sharpie marker,  write on foil date of prep, & instrcts to thaw completely, then cook as stated.  Great when NO time to make meal later & U think ahead dish can thaw for whole day when arriving home just pop preheated oven and you have quick meal.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 h +
Ready in:
2.5 h
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
