URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62162639/cuban-pork-roast/
Title:
Cuban Pork Roast Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 3lb boneless pork roast (loin or shoulder)
3 garlic cloves, slivered
4 Scotch Bonnet (aka habanero) or jalapeno chiles, chopped (wear gloves!!!)
1 green bell pepper, chopped coarsely
1 yellow onion, chopped coarsely
2 garlic cloves, minced
2 t ground cumin
1 t dried basil
1/2 t ground cinnamon
1/2 t ground cloves
3 bay leaves
juice of 2-3 fresh limes or 1/2 C bottled
1 15 oz can tomato puree
Make slits in roast and insert garlic slivers randomly around roast.
To make the marinade, place a large fry pan on medium high heat and (important!!!) turn extraction fan on high.

Directions:
Make slits in roast and insert garlic slivers randomly around roast.
To make the marinade, place a large fry pan on medium high heat and (important!!!) turn extraction fan on high.
Add chiles, bell pepper, onion, garlic, cumin, basil, cinnamon and cloves.
Stir, allowing vegetables to slightly char for about 5 minutes.
Remove pan from heat and add lime juice.  Stir, allowing the juice to deglaze the charred vegetables.
Rub the mixture over the roast.  Place roast in a glass or plastic bowl, cover with wrap and refrigerate overnight.
Remove roast from marinade (set it aside) and place roast in roasting pan and place in 350 F pre-heated oven.  Roast about 35 minutes per pound or until meat thermometer reaches 165 F.
Put reserved marinade in a sauce pan, add the tomato puree and bring to a low boil.  Let simmer for 5 - 10 minutes.  Adjust seasoning as needed.
When roast is done, remove from oven and let stand for 10 minutes before slicing.
To serve, spoon gravy over sliced meat or serve gravy separately in gravy bowl.

Submitter: 
Good EatNZ
Description: 
Spicy and succulent!  We lived in the Cayman Islands for 20 yeaers and this was my dinner party signature dish.  This different and delicious twist starts with dry frying onions, garlic, peppers, herbs and spices to form the base of a marinade.  The following day, the marinade combines with tomato sauce to produce a gravy to serve with the roasted pork.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
