URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62160780/healthy-turkey-burritos-that-will-fool-your-kids/
Title:
Healthy Turkey Burritos that will fool your kids Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 Pound Ground Turkey
1 Cup Brown Mexican Rice (or other rice of choice)
8 ounces canned crushed tomatoes
1/2 onion finely chopped (red onion is best)
Finely minced garlic to taste (1 clove is good)
1 stalk celery finely chopped
Your choice to add more (peppers, shallots, mushrooms...)
1 full head of red cabbage (red is best, but normal will do)
Sea salt to taste
1/4 cup olive oil or oil substitute
12 white flour tortillas

Directions:
Prepare rice first, as this may take the most time (40-50 minutes).  If you are in a hurry, you may add the rice before it is flaky as long as it continues to cook with the rest of the ingredients for another 10-20 minutes under cover.
Gently peel the leaves off the red cabbage after cutting the stem/butt.  Be careful not to tear.  Place individual leaves gently into large pot and boil for 5 minutes and simmer until tender but still crunchy and red for 8-10 minutes more, drain and set aside.
Prep large skillet to good heat with olive oil for onions, garlic and celery.  Saute to remove crunchiness and work to carmelize but not burn.  Add turkey meat and combine while breaking the turkey ground up as much as you can.  Season with sea salt and work until turkey is fully cooked.  Do not drain.
Add crushed tomatoes and rice to turkey meat and cover.  Stir occasionally to bring the ingredients together for 10-15 minutes.  Season as you like.
Burrito Preparation:  Place red cabbage leaf inside burrito shell and fill with meat ingredients.  The cabbage will keep the drippings from permeating the tortilla shell.  Bottom fold up and then use your fingers to roll into a tight burrito.
Hints:  Add cheese if you like.  If you have a flat grill or skillet, you may want to grill them so that they hold their form and are crunchy (we love that).  We go to a lot of evening swim meets and our kids love them.  If we told them what was inside they would say "EEEEWWWWWW".  Without the cheese, this is a very healthy dinner alternative on the go.  You can grill them and freeze them, microwave for about 3 minutes and you are ready to go.  We do it all the time.

Submitter: 
Kelly Brewer
Description: 
Great healthy burritos that your kids will eat and ask for more.  Ground turkey, crushed tomatoes and rice, onions, garlic and celery wrapped in red cabbage within a white tortilla shell.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
