URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62161309/strawberryrhubarb-jam/
Title:
Strawberry/Rhubarb Jam Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Ingredients:
4 cups slightly heaping rhubarb, thinly sliced
2 T. lemon juice
4 cups slightly heaping fresh strawberries, sliced
10 cups of sugar Level cups this is almost a whole 5lb bag of sugar.
2 packages of fruit pectin
1/2 t. butter Optional  (keeps jam from getting too foamy)

Directions:
In large kettle combine all ingredients except for the sugar.  On Medium heat setting Bring mixture to a full boil.
Once mixture is boiling begin to add the sugar slowly while stirring constantly, reduce heat slightly lower then a Medium level until all sugar has been added and is completely dissolved.
Return heat to Medium bring mixture back to a full boil, and boil for one minute. Keep stirring. Remove from the burner and skim off the foam with a spoon. (If there is any foam)
(I stirred the mixture slow vs. Fast to keep the mixture from foaming.)
Now you’re ready to begin pouring jam into glass jars, I used a jam/jelly funnel and used a soup ladle to fill the jars with. When filling the jars you want to leave ¼ inch of space at the top of the jar free of jam.
Wipe jar rims clean and screw lids on firmly. (Make certain that the rims of all jars are very clean and free of any possible spills or drips of the jam. Place the jars in boiling-water canner on high. When water begins to boil, set timer and boil for 5 minutes. Remove the jars from canner and cool on racks. Try not to disturb jam until it is cool. It may take several hours to set.
If you do not have a jam/jelly canner like me, use a large kettle with a lid and keep covered
This will make about 12 half-pint jars or 6 full 1-pint jars.

Submitter: 
Carla Bruss
Description: 
I found a recipe for this jam that I made a few changes to and this is my final recipe with my changes. Its a hit with all of my friends and family and hope that it will be for you as well. I used fresh ripe and home grown strawberries and rhubarb to make my jam with.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
about 1 ho
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
