URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62165547/fresh-layered-lemon-cream-cake/
Title:
Fresh Layered Lemon Cream Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 package lemon flavoured cake mix, preferably No Name brand because it has less sugar.
1250 ml  whipping cream
5 packages Whip It/ Whipping cream stabilizer
I tablespoon sugar
250 ml lemon pie filling
Fresh berries or thinly sliced lemon to decorate
Zest and juice of one lemon (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Using a 9 inch spring-form pan roughly trace out a circle on parchment paper that is slightly  larger than the base of the pan. Grease and flour sides of the pan and place circle of parchment paper on the bottom
Prepare cake mix according to instructions on package and pour into cake pan.  Bake 40-60 minutes or until a skewer placed in the center of the cake comes out clean. Cool cake completely upside down.
Combine cream, sugar and stabilizer and beat with hand mixer until cream is firm, forming high peaks. It is very important to make sure the whipped cream has the consistency of regular cake icing, otherwise the cake will be difficult to layer. If you want a tangier icing add the lemon zest and juice while beating
Cut cake into three layers by first carefully scoring two evenly spaced lines on the side of the cake using a sharp knife. Using CLEAN cotton sewing thread cut the layers by carefully pulling or 'flossing' the thread through the cake.
Using icing spatula evenly spread the lemon filing on the first cake layer than a layer of cream a 1 cm thick. Repeat layering and ice entire cake. With remaining cream decorate cake with rosettes using piping bag. Add berries or lemon slices on top of rosettes

Submitter: 
Jolanta
Description: 
This cake NEVER fails to impress and is very quick easy to make. It is a light and refreshing dessert on a hot summer day and  I am always asked for the recipe. The key is using fresh cream, don't even think about using Cool Whip, my friends have tried that with disappointing results
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
