URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62164149/spicy-coconut-rice-and-black-beans/
Title:
Spicy Coconut Rice and Black Beans Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Black Beans:
2 15 oz Cans Black Beans with liquid
2 cloves garlic chopped or more to taste
1 medium onion chopped
1 10 oz can diced tomatoes and green chilies with liquid
1 Tbs. Chili pepper spicy blend paste (in the vegetable section of the grocery store) I use “Gourmet Garden” brand
Coconut Rice:
2 cups rice, Jasmine or Basmati or(any other type you like)
1 Medium onion chopped
2 cloves garlic chopped
3 Tbsp Bacon Grease or (Olive oil if you prefer)
1 Tbsp. Olive Oil
10.5 oz can chicken broth
1 Tbs. Chili pepper spicy blend paste (in the vegetable section of the grocery store) I use “Gourmet Garden” brand
½ tsp cayenne pepper (more or less to taste)
2 tsp Tabasco sauce or other hot sauce (more or less to taste)
1 tsp. cumin
2 tsp. coconut Extract
1 can low fat coconut milk (regular if you prefer)
½ cup water (you may need a bit more, but don’t use too much)
1 Cup flaked coconut

Directions:
Black Beans:
Put all ingredients in a medium to large sauce pan and simmer until ready to serve over coconut rice.
Coconut Rice:
1. Sauté onion and garlic in the bacon grease in a wok or Large frying pan until opaque.
2. pour mixture into a large pot or dutch oven. Add rice and Olive oil and cook until its well coated with the grease and the onion and garlic are well cooked and the rice begins to turn slightly brown, stirring occasionally over medium heat.  Do not let the rice get too done or burn. About 10-15 minutes.
3. Add chicken broth, Tabasco, Cayenne, and chili pepper paste, cumin and coconut extract…reduce heat to medium low, cover and let the liquid absorb into the rice. (About 8-10 minutes.)
4. Stir rice and add the coconut milk, coconut and water stirring to mix well. Cover again and let simmer about 10 minutes. The coconut milk should be almost absorbed. Rice will be creamy.
5. Add the juice from the beans and tomatoes that are simmering. Stir until well blended. Do not worry if some of the spices get into the juice and get mixed into the rice….it just makes it taste better. Cover and Simmer until the juice is absorbed. (5-10 minutes) Stir occasionally to be sure it’s not burning. (the rice will still be creamy)
6. Turn the burner off and let sit about 10 minutes.
7. Serve Hot with Bean mixture poured over the top. As a side dish serve with Chicken, Fish, Pork or whatever you like... a nice spicy dish would be an excellant compliment. Spice level can be adjusted to taste. If you like a bit more spice than others, add some tabasco sauce before eating. Enjoy! :)

Submitter: 
Donna
Description: 
Yummy comfort food with an island flair from the coconut and a bite from the peppers! Can be a main dish or side dish
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
90
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
