URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62170247/comforting-tortilla-soup/
Title:
Comforting Tortilla Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Stock Ingredients (unless using rich homemade stock):
1 onion chopped in large pieces
2 chopped carrots
3 chopped celery stalks
4 teaspoons minced garlic
2 bay leaves
1 teaspoon crushed red pepper
Soup Ingredients:
1/2 Tablespoon vegetable or canola oil
1 large yellow onion, chopped fine
salt to taste
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon cumin
1 teaspoon coriander
1 tablespoon minced garlic
1 Bay leaf
2 Jalapeno peppers, seeded & minced
3-4 Roma tomatoes, peeled, seeded and diced
4 corn tortillas
10 cups chicken broth or stock
1/4 cup chopped cilantro leaves
1 can cannelloni beans
1 packet sazon goya tomato y cilantro*
1 packet chicken bullion
2 cups of cooked chicken or pork, shredded or chopped
Garnish:
4 corn tortillas
sliced lime wedges
diced avocado
shredded queso blanco, mild white cheddar or montery jack cheese

Directions:
Skip step 2 if you are using a rich homemade stock.
Combine onion, carrot, celery, garlic, bay leaves and broth in a stock pot.  Bring to a boil then reduce heat to medium-low and simmer for 30 minutes.  Strain liquid into another pot to remove all solid ingredients. These you may discard.
Prepare the corn tortillas as follows:  Slice four tortillas into strips and leave the others whole.  Fry the tortillas or coat in olive oil and toast until crispy.  Season the tortillas with salt and leave them to dry on a plate covered with paper towel.
In a stockpot, heat oil over low-medium heat.  Add onion, spices and a pinch each of salt and pepper. Saute until soft.  Stir in garlic, bay leaf and jalapeno, saute for 1 minute. Stir in tomatoes and another pinch each of salt and pepper, saute for 3 minutes.
Crush the 4 crispy whole tortillas over the tomatoes and stir to mix.
Add chicken broth, sazon and bullion and bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer for 30 minutes.
Puree soup with a hand held blender until smooth.
Add additional salt & pepper if desired.
Stir in meat, beans & cilantro and simmer for 5 minutes.
Serve with diced avocado, sliced limes, crispy tortilla strips and grated cheese for folks to add to the soup at the table.

Submitter: 
Tricia Vaccaro-Coburn
Description: 
A fantastic version of Mexican tortilla soup.  You can use left over chicken or pork for the meat or bake/boil your own. I use left over pulled pork. Delicious!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15-30 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
