URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62170177/zuccotto-cupcakes/
Title:
"Zuccotto" Cupcakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For cupcakes:
1 white box cake (preferably with pudding added)
1/3 cup oil
3 egg whites
1 1/4 cups water
6 ounces bitter-sweet or semi-sweet chocolate, finely chopped (mini chocolate chips can be used instead)
For filling:
1 cup chilled heavy whipping cream
2 T confectioners sugar
4 oz fresh or frozen raspberries
2 oz finely chopped chocolate covered toffee (such as Heath toffee bits)
2 oz finely chopped roasted hazelnuts (skins removed)
For ganache:
1/2 cup chilled heavy whipping cream
6 ounces semi-sweet or bitter-sweet chocolate
For frosting:
1- 12 ounce package of white chocolate chips
2- 8 ounce packages of cream cheese
1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter
2 t vanilla extract
Food coloring (if desired)

Directions:
For cupcakes:  Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Beat white cake mix, oil, egg whites, and water on low for 30 seconds, then mix on medium for 2 minutes, scraping sides.
Add chocolate pieces and spoon into cupcake wrappers, filling each cupcake 2/3 full.
Bake for 15-20 minutes, or until toothpick inserted into middle of cupcake comes out clean.
Turn out of pan and cool completely on cooling racks completely.
Remove center of cupcake using apple corer, or paring knife cutting center out in a funnel shape at a 45 degree angle.
For filling:  Beat chilled heavy cream on med-high speed until almost stiff.
Add sugar and beat until the cream holds peaks.
Mix in raspberries*, toffee pieces, and roasted hazelnuts**.
Spoon mixture into center of cupcake.
Store cupcakes in refrigerator until ready to top with ganache.
* If using frozen raspberries, be sure to add them in their frozen state.  Adding them once thawed will cause them to fall apart, and will weep into the whip cream mixture.
** If pre-toasted hazelnuts are not available at your local store, or health food market- simply roast them in a 350 degree oven for 5-6 minutes, until skins crack.  Remove skins by rubbing vigorously in a towel.
For ganache:  Add chocolate pieces to a bowl and set aside.
Scald chilled heavy cream in sauce pan over med- med/low heat.
Pour scalded cream over chocolate pieces and allow to rest.
Stir ganache after 5 minutes and allow to cool for approximately an hour, or until ganache has reached a spreadable consistency.
Spoon ganache onto top of cupcake and spread evenly.
Place cupcakes in refrigerator while making frosting to set ganache.
For frosting:  Melt white chocolate in microwave by heating for 1 minute, stirring, then heating for 1 more minute.
Allow chocolate to

Submitter: 
Kayla
Description: 
These cupcakes are a little labor intensive, but the end product is definitely worth the effort!  Even though they don't have a liqueur incorporated with the cake, I call them zuccotto cupcakes because of the whip cream mixture used as a filling, and ganache topping.  I made them for my own wedding, and have had to give out the recipe as well as make them for others' special events many times since!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
