URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62179106/mamas-homemade-russian-borsht-soup/
Title:
Mama's Homemade Russian Borsht Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/289649.jpg
Ingredients:
1 small size package, Beef short ribs (to make the broth)
3 small uncooked beets, peeled and shredded on a grater
2 uncooked carrots, washed and shredded on a grater
2 uncooked medium baking potatoes, peeled and chopped
1/2 small whole cabbage head, shredded finely
1 medium fresh red bell pepper
1 (6 ounce) can tomato paste with 1/4 cup water
1 uncooked medium onion, peeled and chopped up finely
1 medium fresh tomato, shredded with the peel, on a grater
2 cloves garlic, minced
salt and pepper to taste
3 whole dried bay leaves, for flavor
Sour cream, for topping
1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley for garnish

Directions:
1. Fill a large pot halfway with water (about 3 quarts), salt water and bring to a boil. Throw in beef short ribs, and cover the pot. Cook on Low/Med for 1 hour to create a rich and flavorful broth.
2. Remove cooked beef short ribs from the heat and set aside.
3. Add potatoes. Cook on Med for 15 minutes or until slightly tender.
4. Throw in the beets and carrots. Cook on Med for 10 minutes.
5. Add the cabbage and red bell pepper. Cook on Med for 5 minutes.
3. Using a non-stick skillet over medium heat: stir in the tomato paste with the water, add the onion and the fresh tomato. stir well until blended. Cook on Med for 15 minutes or until tender. Stir often while cooking.
4. Transfer your sauce from the skillet to the pot.
5. If you want meat in your soup, you can use the little bit of meat that is left on the ribs used to create the broth. These are going to be very greasy and fatty, so you will need to go through the meat and cut out bite size pieces that have little or no fat on it. Throw away all the fat and leftover bones. Only use the pieces of meat that you cut the jiggly fat off of. Throw in the pieces you want to use into the soup.(There will not be very much to use).
6. Add the raw garlic to the soup, cover and turn off the heat. Season with salt and pepper. Throw in the dried whole bay leaves into the soup.(The bay leaves are not to be eaten, they are there just for flavor, you can remove them out of your bowl as you eat the soup). Let the done soup stand for some time (1 hour or more) for its full flavor to set in and vegetables to become more tender and flavorful.
4. Ladle into serving bowls, and garnish with sour cream and fresh parsley.

Submitter: 
Mrs. Chef
Description: 
My family immigrated from Russia to the U.S. 15 years ago. My Mom used to cook this delicious, hearty traditional Borsht soup during the winter for us! Now my husband, who is Ukrainian, loves this recipe and I cook it for him during the winter season. He says it’s the best Borsht he’s had, even better than his own Mother’s version of it! (She doesn’t know that though). Haha.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
