URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62170370/margarita-cheesecake/
Title:
Margarita Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Crust:
4 oz pretzels
1/3 cup sugar
4 tbs butter
Filling:
3 packages of cream cheese (1/3 less fat, 8 oz) at room temperature
4 large eggs
1 cup sour cream
3/4 cup sugar
1 tbs lime zest
1/2 tbs lime juice
2 tbs triple sec
1 tbs tequila
For Soaking:
3 tbs triple sec
3 tbs tequila
For Sauce:
3 cups cleaned and quartered strawberries
2 tbs sugar
1 tbs triple sec
1 tbs tequila

Directions:
Crust:
Preheat the oven at 375 degrees and put the pretzels in a food processor or blender and grind them up into fine pieces. One cup of in tact pretzels will usually yield the 4 oz (half cup) you need once ground up.
Melt the butter and mix that and the sugar together with the pretzel.
Press the pretzel mixture to the bottom of the pan and a fourth to half of an inch up the side (depending on what size springform pan you decide to use).
Put the springform pan on a cookie sheet and pop it in the oven for 5-7 minutes. After that, take it out and set it aside to cool and lower the oven to 325 degrees.
Filling:
In a large bowl, beat the cream cheese until it's light and fluffy with no visible lumps (usually doesn't take more than a minute with an electric mixer).
Add the lime zest and juice, sugar, tequila, triple sec, sour cream and eggs and mix until thoroughly combined.
Pour the mixture into the cooled crust and springform pan and line the outside of the pan with a piece of extra-wide aluminum foil.
Place the springform pan in the middle of a turkey roasting pan and place it in the oven. Use a jug of tap water to fill the roasting pan until the water is about halfway up the side of the springform pan (the aluminum foil should protect the cake and crust from water seeping in from the outside).
Bake for an hour. The cake should jiggle a little in the middle when gentle shaken from side-to-side and still be firm to the touch.
Take it out of the oven and remove the springform pan from its water bath and place it on a cooling rack.
Soaking:
Let the cake tool for 15-20, then sprinkle about 1 1/2 tablespoons of triple sec and 1 1/2 tablespoons of tequila evenly across the top of the cake.
Let that soak in (usually takes 30-45 minutes), the sprinkle another 1 1/2 tablespoons of triple sec and 1 1/2 tablespoons of tequila evenly across the top of the cake and let it soak in fully.
Once the liquor has soaked in, the cake should be cool enough to carefully run a thin, sharp knife around the edges of the cake to loosen it from the sides of the pan, then remove the sides.
Loosely wrap the cake in some plastic wrap and place it in the fridge to cool for at least 4 hours (overnight is best).
When cutting, using a very sharp knife that has been chilled in ice water or the freezer to cut.
Sauce:
Put the strawberry pieces, sugar and liquor into a food processor or blender and pulse until everything is mixed together, but the strawberries are still a bit chunky.
Chill overnight with your cheesecake and serve on top of or beside it.

Submitter: 
NomNomDelicious
Description: 
A delicious cheesecake with a little something extra! Had it at one of my favorite Tex-Mex joints one night and decided to try and duplicate it! It's a little labor-intensive, but so worth it!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
90 m
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
