URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62178363/rickys-stuffed-pot-roast/
Title:
Ricky's Stuffed Pot Roast Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/289134.jpg
Ingredients:
1 Roast (5 lbs.)
3 Shallots (Fine Dice)
2 Stalks Celery (Fine Dice)
2 Carrots (Fine Dice)
2 medium sized potato’s (Fine Dice)
4 Cloves of Garlic (Minced)
2 Cups of Port Wine
2/3 Cup olive oil
1 tbsp Crushed Red Peppers
Dash of Ginger
Salt and Pepper (To taste)

Directions:
1.	Start by deboning the roast being careful not to cut all the way through creating two individual pieces of meat. Once you have removed the bone, butterfly the roast. Place it in a zip lock bag large enough to hold the roast and the port wine. Allow the roast to soak for 24 hours in the wine.
2.	Now in a sauté pan add the oil and place over a high heat. When the oil has reached the point where the oil is beginning to smoke turn the heat down slightly and add the celery, carrots, shallots, garlic, crushed red pepper and a dash of ginger and the potatoes. Add salt and pepper to taste. All you are looking to do here is brown the vegetables and allow the seasoning to get into them. Do not cook them all the way through.
3.	Remove the roast from the zip lock bag and discard the excess wine and meat juices left in the bag. Roll the roast open and season with salt and pepper.  Place the browned vegetables on the roast in a manner that will allow you to roll them up in the roast.
4.	With the roast rolled up with the vegetables inside use butchers twine to tie the roast to keep it from unwrapping and losing all of the vegetables. You may have to place several ties on it. Put the product in an appropriate sized pan to hold all the juices and. Add one cup of Port to the bottom off the pan with 2 cups of water. This will help the roast remain juicy.
5.	Place in the oven at 350 degrees for approximately 4 hours or until the internal temperature has reach one of the following depending on the degree of doneness you are looking for.
Medium Rare: ~135 Degrees F
Medium: ~147 Degrees F
Well Done: ~160 Degrees F

Submitter: 
Chef Ricky
Description: 
This roast is an all inclusive meal. It does take some time to prepare for cooking so be sure to start it the day before. My family and friends love it, I hope you enjoy it as much as we do.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
24 h 30 m
Ready in:
28 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
