URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62171973/pasta-with-eggplant-mushrooms-and-goat-cheese/
Title:
Pasta with Eggplant, Mushrooms and Goat Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (16 ounce) package pasta (farfalle >< bow-ties, penne or rigatoni would all be good choices)
3 tablespoons olive oil
1 large onion, chopped
2 cloves garlic, sliced (or 1 heaping' tsp. minced garlic)
1 (8 ounce) package fresh mushrooms, coarsely chopped
1 eggplant, cut into 1/2 inch cubes
1 (28 ounce) can crushed tomatoes in puree or 2 - 14.5 oz. cans
1/2 cup chicken broth (used 1/2 cup water + 1/2 tsp. chicken base)
15 olives, pitted and chopped (kalamata preferred, but manzanilla is ok in a pinch)
1 teaspoon dried thyme
1 teaspoon basil
1 teaspoon oregano
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes
5 ounces cheese: goat cheese, cut into large chunks or use Feta Cheese (other cheese could be substituted based on what is on-hand -- if you feel like more cheese, pile it on!)
2 TBSP red or white wine
1 cup Spinach (or your favorite greens)

Directions:
"Sweat the Eggplant" (optional) - Peel and Slice the Eggplant in approx. 1.5" slices. Lay out the slices and sprinkle approximately 1 heaping teaspoon of salt; spread it so the salt coats all sides of the eggplant. Let it set for about 15 minutes and then rise with cold water and pat dry.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Heat olive oil in a large saucepan over medium low heat. Saute onion and garlic until soft and translucent, about 5 minutes.
Increase heat to medium high. Stir in mushrooms, and cook until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Stir in the eggplant and spinach, and cook 5 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes, chicken broth, wine and olives. Add all spices + salt.
Bring to a boil. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer 30 minutes, or until eggplant is tender. Toss with pasta and goat cheese.

Submitter: 
Alaine
Description: 
ver. 01 - This is a great recipe. I added instructions for 'sweating the eggplant', generalized some of the ingredients (giving other options), added extra spices and some white wine for flavor -- based on my personal preferences. 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
ver. 00 - Delicious and hearty rigatoni, eggplant, mushrooms and goat cheese, all mixed together and served hot.Modified from: Rigatoni with Eggplant, Mushrooms and Goat Cheese
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
