URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62178162/shepherds-pie-with-a-modern-twist/
Title:
Shepherds Pie with a Modern twist Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/295847.jpg
Ingredients:
2 lbs potatoes
1 1/4 tbs olive oil
1 small onion, chopped
1 small leek, chopped
1 small carrot, chopped
1 garlic clove, crushed
1/2 lb lean minced lamb
1/2 lb lean minced hamburger
2 Tablespoons tomato purée
1/4 stick (1 ounce) butter
1/4 cup milk, (or as needed)
2 tsp salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
Garnish: thinly sliced shallot coated with olive oil and confectioners sugar. Baked until crisp
Sauce:
1/2 cup beef stock
2 tbs tomato puree
1 tbs minced ground lamb
Salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Cover the potatoes with cold water in a pan and add a pinch of salt.
Bring to a boil, then simmer for 15 to 20 minutes or until completely tender when pierced with the tip of a sharp knife. Drain and peel the potatoes while they are still hot.
Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a pan. Add the onions, leeks, carrot and garlic and sauté for 3 - 4 minutes until just beginning to soften but not color. Stir the minced lamb and hamburger into the pan and cook for 3 - 5 minutes until browned, breaking up any lumps with the back of a wooden spoon. Stir in the tomato purée and cook gently for another 10 minutes until completely tender. Season to taste and keep warm or reheat as needed.
Mash the potatoes. Quickly heat the milk in a pan. Beat the butter into the warm mashed potato and then add enough milk to make a smooth but firm puree. Season to taste.
To serve, spoon the mince mixture into 3 inch ring moulds (or a small can with both ends removed, i.e. tomato puree can, which is what I use) set on warmed serving plates. Pack meat down with a spoon to be sure there are no voids. Now put the mashed potatoes on top and gently smooth over the minced meat in the mold, pushing them down as well. I use about 2" of meat and 2" of potato. Spoon sauce (recipe below) around the bottom of the mold to avoid having to deal with it later. Remove the molds.
Sauce:
In a small pan heat beef stock, tomato puree and ground lamb and season to taste with salt and pepper. Allow lamb to cook through, about 5 minutes medium heat. Reducing gives it a stronger, tangier flavor.

Submitter: 
Patrick
Description: 
This take on a classic dish is savory, new and excitingly delicious. It also pleases the eye with it's unique presentation. I found this dish in an authentic Irish pub in Florida and have made a few adjustments of my own. Absolutely delicious!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1:05
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
