URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62176076/flayed-skin-face-of-cheese/
Title:
Flayed Skin Face of Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/287649.jpg
Ingredients:
Prosciutto (2 small packages), Reserve a few slices
24 oz Cream Cheese (a 16 oz & an 8 oz)
6 oz Cheddar cheese, shredded
6 oz Havarti cheese, shredded
handful of green olives, minced, + 2 whole (set aside, with pimentos in)
small handful of roasted red peppers, minced
Plastic Face Mask (like that you'd get from Michaels or Joanns)
Plastic Wrap
Crackers, Pretzels, ect. of your choice

Directions:
Line your mask with plastic wrap first, being careful to press it down into the nose.  (This might be easier if you get the mask slightly wet before hand, to give something for the plastic wrap to cling to)
Take strips of the Prosciutto and lay them into the mask.  We tear it into strips and lay them in a pattern that we think mimics muscle tissue.  We go around the eyes first and down the cheeks and then fill in.  (Make sure you do not cover the eye holes with the Prosciutto, we want these exposed)
Now take the 2 whole olives you had set aside and position them in the center of each eye hole, with the orange pimento facing down.  Set the mask aside.
In a big bowl, dump all of your cheeses, minced olives, and minced roasted peppers.  Mix this all together very thoroughly.  This is easier done with clean hands, so you can feel when all the cream cheese has been blended in.
Now you can put the cheese in the mask.  Start by taking a handful of the cheese and center it on one eye, and then the other.  Begin laying handfuls of cheese all around the mask, being careful not to move the Prosciutto around.  Press down the cheese as you work, to get it in all the crevices.  When you mask is full, gently press all around to compact the cheese and place in the fridge for at least 30 minutes.
After chilled, you can turn the face out onto a platter and gently lift the mask and plastic wrap.  You should be left with a gorgeous (and freaky) face.  If your cheese is showing at the bottom of the face, use the reserved Prosciutto you set aside to go around and cover it.
Arrange crackers, pretzels, or any snacks you want around the face and serve with a knife!

Submitter: 
Tara
Description: 
This is a cheese ball cleverly disguised as a skinned human face.  So gross and yet SOOOooo good!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1.5 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
