URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62177972/chicken-cheesy-flautas/
Title:
Chicken Cheesy Flautas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/288881.jpg
Ingredients:
4 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - boiled, cooled and shredded (may use precooked rotisserie chicken)
1 (8 ounce) jar green tomatillo salsa (may use red salsa)
1/2 - 1 cup onion - finely chopped
2 cloves Garlic or 1 tsp Garlic Powder
1/4 tsp Cumin
16 oz pkg Four Cheese Mexican Blend shredded cheese
36 (6 inch) corn tortillas
1/2 cup vegetable oil (may require more)
Garnish: Sour Cream, Guacamole, lettuce, shredded cheese

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a medium bowl combine the cooled shredded chicken, salsa, finely chopped onion, garlic or garlic powder, cumin and shredded cheese. Mix together. Drain off any excess liquid by placing mixture in a colander. This is an important step! The tortillas won't crisp up if there is too much liquid in the chicken mixture and you will end up with enchiladas.
In a small skillet heat vegetable oil over medium high heat. Dip a corn tortilla in the oil for 1 to 2 seconds on both sides to soften. Remove from oil and lay tortillas on paper towel to drain the excess oil. Repeat with all of the tortillas.
Put 1 tablespoon of the chicken mixture down the center of a tortilla; roll up tortilla so that it looks like a cigar and place rolled tortillas on a cookie sheet, seam side down. Repeat with all of the tortillas until chicken mixture is gone.
Bake tortillas in the preheated oven for 15 to 25 minutes or until tortillas are crisped and golden brown. If tortillas are not crisp enoungh, put them under the broiler for 2 minutes and watch them carefully.
Garnish with a dollop of sour cream and/or guacamole, lettuce, shredded cheese; serve with black beans or pinto beans and Mexican rice.

Submitter: 
Chris Diaz
Description: 
Crispy corn tortillas with a cheesy-chicken filling - great finger food.Modified from: Chicken Flautas
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 h, 25 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
