URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62178432/springerle/
Title:
Springerle Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
2 tablespoons whole milk
6 large eggs, room temperature
6 cups sifted confectioners' sugar, plus more for dusting and surface
4 ounces (1 stick) unsalted butter, softened
1/2 teaspoon salt
9 cups sifted cake flour, plus more for dusting and surface
anisseed (crushed or ground)

Directions:
Dissolve baking powder in milk in a small bowl. Whisk eggs with a mixer on high speed until very thick and pale, about 10 minutes. With machine running, slowly add sugar, beating until smooth and creamy. Add butter, 1 tablespoon at a time, beating after each addition. Beat in milk mixture, and salt.
Reduce speed to medium-low. Add 6 cups flour, 1 cup at a time, mixing well after each addition. Remove bowl from mixer, and stir in remaining 3 cups flour, 1 cup at a time, until flour is incorporated and dough is stiff.
Transfer dough to a floured surface, and knead until dough is smooth and not sticky, adding more flour if necessary. Divide dough into 4 pieces, and wrap in plastic wrap.
Dust surface and springerle mold with confectioners' sugar. Roll out 1 disk of dough at a time to a 1/4- to 3/8-inch thickness (deeper molds will need thicker dough). Cut a piece of dough about the size of the mold. Press mold firmly into dough, flip over, and gently roll over dough with rolling pin. Flip over, and press onto a parchment-lined baking sheet. Using a knife, trim excess dough from sides of mold. Gently coax dough out of mold with fingertips and onto  baking sheet sprinkled with anis seed (crushed or ground). Repeat, spacing cookies 1 inch apart, and placing same-size cookies on same sheet. Let stand, uncovered, for 24 hours.
Preheat oven to 220 degrees. Bake cookies, 1 sheet at a time, until completely dry, about 1 hour. (They should not color; reduce oven temperature to 200 degrees if cookies start to color.) Let cookies cool on sheets on wire racks. Cookies will keep, unglazed and covered, for up to 2 to 3 weeks

Submitter: 
Heide F
Description: 
Springerle is a type of German cookie with an embossed design made by pressing a mold onto rolled dough and allowing the impression to dry before cooking. They are most commonly seen during the Christmas season.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
24 hr
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
48
Nutritional Facts:
NA
