URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62174464/amazing-whole-wheat-ground-flax-brownies-i-dare-you-to-taste-the-difference/
Title:
Amazing! Whole Wheat & Ground Flax Brownies (I dare you to taste the difference) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup butter
1/2 cup milk chocolate chips
1 cup white sugar
1 1/2 cups brown sugar
1 tablespoon vanilla extract
1/4 cup and 2 tablespoons ground flax seed
3/4 cup and 2 tablespoons warm water
1 1/2 cups whole wheat flour
1 cup cocoa powder
1 tsp salt
4 squares Bakers semisweet chocolate or 1 cup Ghiradelli semisweet morsels

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350
Lightly grease 9x13 baking tin
Melt butter and milk chocolate in microwave or double boiler, stirring frequently. Move to a large bowl.
Blend flax and water in a small bowl until it begins to thicken, let sit
Blend white sugar, brown sugar, and vanilla into the butter and chocolate mixture
Blend flax mixture once more for about 30 seconds
Blend about 3 tablespoons of the flax mixture into the wet ingredients until thoroughly blended. Repeat until all of the flax is incorporated.
In a medium bowl thoroughly combine flour, salt and cocoa powder
Chop the semisweet chocolate into small pieces and add to dry mixture.  Be sure to include all shavings. Mix together. Include any optional added ingredients (Nuts,peanut butter chips)in this step.
Use a rubber spatula to mix a third of the dry ingredients into the wet until thoroughly combined.  Repeat until all dry ingredients are incorporated.
Spread evenly into baking dish.  If you find this difficult because of a heavy bowl, use a ladle to move the brownie batter into the baking dish.
Bake for 30 minutes or until a fork inserted about 3 inches from the shorter side of the pan comes out clean.
Remove and cool for at least one hour before cutting.

Submitter: 
Tricia Vaccaro-Coburn
Description: 
A (slightly) healthier decadent brownie: Chewy, Fudgy, Chocolatey Bliss
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15-20 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
