URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62174617/cream-cheese-marbled-brownies/
Title:
Cream Cheese Marbled Brownies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/286554.jpg
Ingredients:
Nonstick spray for baking
1  3-ounce package cream cheese, softened
2  tablespoons butter, softened
1/4  cup sugar
1  egg
1  tablespoon all-purpose flour
1-1/4  cups all-purpose flour
3/4  teaspoon baking powder
1/2  teaspoon salt
6  ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped
3/4  cup butter, cut into small pieces
2-1/4  cups sugar
4  eggs
1/4  cup milk
1  tablespoon vanilla
1  teaspoon almond extract
1  cup chopped pecans

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Line a 13x9x2-inch baking pan with heavy foil, extending foil 2 inches over edges of pan. Lightly coat foil with nonstick spray for baking; set aside.
In a small bowl, combine cream cheese and the 2 tablespoons butter. Beat with an electric mixer on medium-high speed until mixture is fluffy. Gradually add the 1/4 cup sugar, beating until light. Beat in the 1 egg and the 1 tablespoon flour just until combined. Set aside.
In a small bowl, combine the 1 1/4 cups flour, the baking powder, and salt. Set aside.
In a medium saucepan, combine chocolate and the 3/4 cup butter. Cook and stir over low heat just until melted. Transfer to a large bowl. Gradually add the 2 1/4 cups sugar, beating on low speed until combined. Add the 4 eggs one at a time, beating after each addition. Beat in milk, vanilla, and almond extract. Gradually beat in flour mixture.
Spread the chocolate batter in the prepared baking pan. Spoon cream cheese mixture in mounds on top of chocolate batter. Using a table knife or narrow metal spatula, gently swirl the cream cheese mixture into the chocolate batter to marble. Sprinkle with pecans.
Bake for 40 to 45 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out with moist crumbs attached. Cool in pan on a wire rack. Use the foil to lift uncut brownies out of pan. Cut into brownies. Store, tightly covered, in the refrigerator for up to 3 days.

Submitter: 
Jill Sander
Description: 
A swirl of cream cheese takes these pecan-topped chocolate brownies to the next level. Toasting the pecans bring out their rich flavor.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
