URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62179698/mamaws-cornbread-dressing/
Title:
Mamaw's Cornbread Dressing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup (generous) finely minced onion
1/2 cup (generous) finely minced celery
1 Tbsp sugar
2 Cups Corn Meal Mix
2 Tbsp. melted butter
5 eggs (sounds like a lot but it's ok), gently beaten
2/3 cup milk
3 tablespoons butter
2 slices fresh white bread processed into fine crumbs
1 small can evaporated milk (not sweetened condensed)
2 Tbsp. chicken boullion granules
2 14 oz. cans good chicken stock
3/4 tsp ground sage
onion powder to taste
celery powder to taste*
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
VERY IMPORTANT:  Preheat oven to 425 degrees with a 10 inch cast iron skillet preheating inside it.
Combine first seven ingredients in mixing bowl just until well blended.  When oven and CAST IRON SKILLET are hot,  quickly remove skillet and add 2 - 3 Tbsp butter or shortening.  While skillet is still very hot (you may want to reheat for 30 - 45 seconds or so) pour in cornbread batter.  Cook at 425 degrees for about 25 minutes.
Remove from oven when done and immediately remove from skillet so the bottom doesn't burn.  Allow to cool.  This can even be done a day or two in advance.
Crumble cornbread into a large bowl. Add bread crumbs and evaporated milk and stir to combine.
Dissolve chicken boullion in about 1/2 can of the broth.  Add this to the cornbread mix.  Slowly begin adding the remainder of the broth.  When combined, add 3/4 tsp sage and the onion powder, celery powder*, salt and pepper to taste.
(It is fine to taste this because there are no raw eggs inside.  You cooked the extra eggs needed in the cornbread!  For the same reason, this can also be made well in advance.)
Pour into buttered baking dish and bake at 400 degrees until golden on top and a bit dry at the edges.  Check at 30 minutes but it may take up to an hour.
*If you can't find celery powder, use celery salt but be very careful and remember this before adding regular salt.
Note:  You may want to reserve about 1/2 cup or more of the uncooked dressing to thicken your giblet gravy rather than using other thickeners

Submitter: 
Jay Lynne Stuart
Description: 
This is the dressing my family makes!  Actually my aunt learned it from my Grandmother then I got it from her one Thanksgiving when I lived away and wouldn't be home for the holiday.  My best friend now uses this recipe too when she can't be home.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
