URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62170648/lowfat-egg-foo-young/
Title:
Lowfat Egg Foo Young Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For Egg Patties:
4 medium to large eggs
2, 14oz cans Chop Suey vegetables, drained, liquid reserved
1, 5oz cans 98% Fat Free Chicken Breast meat in water, drained, liquid reserved
1/4 cup thinly sliced green onion tops
1 tsp grated fresh ginger root, peeled
1 tsp corn starch
1/8 tsp fresh minced garlic
For Gravy Sauce:
Reserved liquid from Chop Suey veggies
Reserved liquid from Chicken Breast meat
1 cup water
3 tbs dark soy sauce (aka - tamari sauce)
2 tbs cornstarch
1 tbs oyster sauce
1 tbs beef or chicken bouillon powder or cubes
1 tsp sugar or molasses (molasses is best)
Pinch onion powder
For Garnish:
1/4 cup Thinly sliced green onion tops

Directions:
In large bowl combine eggs, drained vegetables, drained chicken, 1/4 cup green onions, ginger root and corn starch until well mixed.
Spray a small non-stick omelet skillet with non-stick cooking spray.
With pan over medium high heat, place about 1/2 cup of stirred Egg Foo Young mix into hot pan and cover, cooking about 4 to 5 minutes or until egg has mostly set.
Carefully turn patty over with a large spatula then re-cover pan to finish cooking, about 3 more minutes. Repeat this process stirring mixture each time before adding 1/2 cup of mixture to the pan to cook.
Hold the Egg Foo Young patties on a plate in a warm oven until ready to serve so they do not get cold during the cooking process.
Meanwhile, in a medium sized saucepan, combine all the gravy sauce ingredients and mix well. Cook over medium high heat stirring frequently until thickened. (if you like a creamier gravy style sauce add 1/2 cup of fat free half and half cream to the sauce before topping egg patties).
To serve, place 2 egg patties on a plate and top with the sauce, then sprinkle with green onion slices to garnish.

Submitter: 
Alta Nesbitt Rees Sieker
Description: 
This is a tasty quick and easy version of Egg Foo Young that incorporates chop suey veggies and canned lowfat chicken breast meat, making it the easiest recipe you'll ever make. Plus its delish!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
3 m
Ready in:
35
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
