URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62170380/honey-poached-quince-pie/
Title:
Honey-Poached Quince Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 recipe pastry for a double-crust pie
9 cups peeled sliced quince
1/2 cup honey
1.5 cups water
3/4 cup white sugar
1/2 tsp. cinnamon
1/2 tsp. salt
3 Tbsp. all-purpose flour
2 Tbsp. butter
Sweetened whipped cream, for serving (optional)

Directions:
Combine the sliced quince, honey, and water in a pan. Cover the pan and bring it to a boil. Reduce the heat to very low.
Simmer, covered, until the fruit is tender, about 8 minutes, stirring carefully once or twice to avoid breaking the fruit.
Put a strainer over a saucepan and pour the cooked quince into a strainer, reserving the cooking liquid. Set the quince aside to cool.
Roll out the pastry and line a 9-inch pie plate. Refrigerate the dough while you prepare the fruit.
Combine the white sugar, cinnamon, salt, and flour in a small bowl and mix well. Add the sugar mixture and the butter to the reserved quince cooking liquid and bring it to a boil. Reduce the heat and cook, stirring constantly, until the mixture thickens, about 1 to 2 minutes. Taste the sauce and add more sugar, if desired. Remove the pan from the heat and allow it to cool.
Place a sheet pan on the lowest rack of the oven. Preheat an oven to 500 degrees F.
Add the cooled quince to the pastry-lined pan and cover with the sauce. Add the top crust, crimping the edge to seal, and cutting vents for steam to escape.
Put the pie on the preheated sheet pan and immediately reduce the oven temperature to 425 degrees F. Bake until the edges of the crust are golden brown, about 25 minutes. Reduce the heat to 375 degrees F and bake until the juices are bubbling and the crust is brown, about 45 minutes more. Cool on a rack at least two hours before serving. Serve with whipped cream or ice cream, if desired.

Submitter: 
Doughgirl8
Description: 
[Frances' recipe. I'm still working on it--don't publish!]
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1.5 h
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
