URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62170327/ravioli-lasagna-two-ways/
Title:
Ravioli  Lasagna Two Ways Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 - 13 ounce or 1 25 ounce package frozen cheese ravioli (to switch it up you can use a beef or sausage or any favorite flavor or combination of)
10 ounce frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dried of liquid
1 lb fresh ricotta cheese (fresh deli type is far better then pre-packaged)
1 lb fresh (soft Italian)mozzarella, sliced fairly thin (you may substitute regular mozzarella sliced or shredded)
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1/2 teaspoon dried Italian seasoning (dried herb mix)
2 minced garlic cloves
salt and pepper to taste
1 lb fresh sliced mushrooms, sauteed till tender in 2 T butter or olive oil, optional, but wonderful in Alfredo version!
Either: 15 ounce jar Alfredo sauce (Bertolli is a good one. Look for one with cream as one of the first ingredients)or homemade Alfredo sauce for Alfredo version
or
15 ounce jar marinara sauce or homemade red sauce traditional red sauce version

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350. Coat two loaf pans (preferably glass)with cooking spray. In bowl combine ricotta, spinach, garlic and seasonings; set aside.  Spoon 1/2 - 2/3 cup Alfredo or marinara sauce in bottom of each loaf pan or Alfredo in one and Marinara in other. Lay 8 ravioli in single layer on top of sauce in each pan. Divide the ricotta mixture into 4 equal portions. Distribute 1 portion evenly over ravioli in each pan. If using sauteed sliced mushrooms, lay 1/2 of them evenly on top. Lay 1/6 of the mozzarella over ricotta in each pan. Spoon 1/2 - 2/3 cup sauce evenly over mozzarella. Repeat layering: 8 ravioli, rest on ricotta, (rest of mushrooms if using), 1/2 of remaining mozzarella, rest of ravioli, rest of sauce. Cover to seal well with foil. Bake 35-40 minutes. Remove foil and continue to bake 18 - 20 minutes longer. Place remaining mozzarella on top and return to oven for 5 minutes or until melted. Remove from oven and let rest 15 minutes before serving. I like to make one pan using Alfredo & mushrooms and one pan using marinara. This way everyone is happy! But if making one each flavor do not use 15 ounces sauce for each pan, only use 8 to 10 oz per pan. Save leftover sauce for another meal.

Submitter: 
FunwithFood
Description: 
Fun and tasty twist on the traditional lasagna! You can choose to make the whole recipe in one flavor or divide it into two different flavors in each pan for variety at mealtime. The choice is yours! Alfredo, red sauce or one of each!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 - 45 mi
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
