URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62174326/chocolate-chai-cupcakes/
Title:
Chocolate Chai Cupcakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup (loosely packed) brown sugar
1/4 cup + 2 tbsp unsweetened cocoa powder
1 tsp baking soda
1/2 tsp baking powder
1/2 tsp salt
2 tsp ground cinnamon
1 tsp ground allspice
1 tsp ground nutmeg
1/2 tsp ground cloves
1/4 tsp ground black pepper
1 tsp fresh ginger, grated
6 tbsp nonfat milk powder dissolved in 1 cup of tea, cooled (use English Breakfast, Darjeeling, or any black tea)
1 egg, beaten lightly
1/4 cup vegetable oil (I used sunflower oil)

Directions:
In a liquid measuring cup, put 6 tablespoons of nonfat milk powder. Add enough hot black tea to make 1 cup of tea latte. Stir until milk is dissolved. Set aside and allow to cool.
Preheat oven to 375F.
Spray a muffin pan with nonstick cooking spray (preferably the kind with flour).
In a small bowl, combine the cinnamon, allspice, nutmeg, cloves, and black pepper.
Sift the flour, sugar, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder, salt, and the spice mixture into a large bowl. Combine well.
Add the beaten egg, cooled tea latte, and vegetable oil into the flour mixture. Fold the liquid ingredients into the dry ingredients.
Add the grated ginger and mix well.
Spoon the mixture into the muffin pan, filling each cup until 3/4 full.
Place in preheated oven for 12 to 15 minutes, or until a toothpick placed in the center of a cupcake comes out almost dry (underbake a bit if you want a slightly gooey texture).
Let cool on wire racks. These cupcakes taste even better after being refrigerated overnight, and the subtle flavors are better experienced without additional frosting. Enjoy one with a cup of chai!

Submitter: 
rebeckamikaze
Description: 
Indian spices and rich cocoa give these oversized chocolate cupcakes a twist. It's like hot chocolate and a chai latte blended together in cupcake form. For those conscious about their heart health, this recipe uses vegetable oil instead of butter, and nonfat milk powder instead of whole milk.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
under an h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
