URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62170235/lactose-or-dairy-free-ice-cream-cake/
Title:
Lactose or Dairy Free Ice-cream Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 large tub of cool whip or other lactose free whipped cream substitute
1 pint of Lactaid brand vanilla ice cream, or any soy, rice or lactose free flavored ice cream
1 pint of Lactaid brand chocolate ice cream, or any soy, rice or lactose free flavored ice cream
2 rows from a regular size package or Oreos (or any cookie that you like)
frosting, gel decorations, jimmies, or any other cake decorations you want

Directions:
Note:  Cool whip contains milk. It is lactose free only. If you cannot have milk use 2 pints of a white 'ice cream'.
Place your ice cream containers in the fridge and the cool whip on the counter for about a half hour. Check the cool whip to see if it's mostly soft. Do not stir it. Do not shake the container. Once it is soft, using a spatula, gently scrape the cool whip into a large bundt pan, or a large round cake pan. Carefully spread the cool whip to form a light layer over the sides and bottom of the pan. Do not fill the pan with cool whip! You are creating an outer 'crust'. When you're done put the pan into your freezer and let it become mostly solid.
In the mean time, place your cookies in a plastic baggie. Crush with a rolling pin, mallet, or even a canned good, to form rough crumbs.
Once the cool whip is mostly frozen, take the ice cream out of the fridge. If it's not fully soft, let it sit on the counter for a little bit. If it's all runny (a little runny is ok) put it in the freezer for a little bit. You want it like a pudding texture. Do not stir the ice cream. Carefully fill the cold bundt pan half way with the vanilla ice cream. Top with the cookies, and fill the rest of the way with the chocolate ice cream. Place back into the freezer until the chocolate is mostly solid.
Place the drain plug in your kitchen sink. Place the bundt pan in the sink. Fill to 1/4 to the edge of the pan with hot water. Let it sit for 30 seconds. Take the bundt out, and place a plate over the top. Carefully flip the cake pan so that the plate is on the bottom now. You should feel the cake release. If not, place in the hot water again. Immediately place in the freezer until fully hardened.
You can then take it out to decorate. Store covered in the freezer until 15 minutes before serving. Let sit out for 15 minutes to soften. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
AddiesMom6
Description: 
This is a great ice-cream cake to make for kids (and adults!) who can't eat the traditional style dairy cakes. The key to this is being quick with the melted items and to not let the cake stay out of the freezer for too long. The items used will give you a traditional vanilla/chocolate cookie/chocolate layer cake. You can use whatever flavors your family enjoys!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
