URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62178098/macaroni-cheese-wchicken-mushrooms/
Title:
Macaroni & Cheese w/Chicken & Mushrooms Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
SAUCE
4 tbsp butter
4 tbsp flour
3 C chicken broth
1 C heavy cream
2 egg yolks
1/2 tsp salt, or to taste
1/8 tsp black pepper
CHICKEN & MUSHROOM FILLING
4 tbsp butter
2 blsl chicken breasts (about 12oz), cut into 3/4 inch pieces
10 oz mushrooms, coarsely chopped
1/4 C thinly sliced scallions
1 garlic clove, minced
1/4 C chopped parsley
salt & pepper
pinch of nutmeg
1 pound elbow macaroni
1 C grated Parmesan cheese
1 C coarsely shredded Gruyere or Jarlsberg cheese

Directions:
1. For the sauce, melt butter in saucepan; stir in flour until thoroughly blended; cook, stirring, 2 minutes.  Gradually add the chicken broth, stirring constantly, until mixture begins to boil and thicken; add the heavy cream.  Cook, stirring, over medium heat until sauce is thickened and smooth, about 10 minutes.  Beat the yolks in a small bowl.  Gradually beat in some of the hot sauce.  Return to the saucepan.  Season with salt and pepper.
2. For the filling, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large heavy skillet.  Add the chicken and saute' until tender, about 7 minutes.  Scrape onto a side dish.  Add the remaining 2 tablespoons butter to the skillet.  Add the mushrooms; saute', stirring, until tender and lightly browned.  Add the scallions and the garlic, saute' 2 minutes.  Return the chicken to the skillet; add the parsley; season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg.
3. Cook the macaroni in plenty of boiling salted water until al dente, or firm to the bite, about 8 minutes; drain.  Combine the macaroni, sauce, chicken and mushroom mixture, and grated Parmesan cheese.  Spoon into a buttered 9x13-inch baking dish.  Sprinkle top with the Gruyere.
4. Bake in a preheated 350 degree F oven until top is browned and bubbly, about 45 minutes.

Submitter: 
makeiteasy4me
Description: 
This is a recipe taken from 365 Ways to Cook Pasta
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
65 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
