URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62170876/carnitas-enchiladas-with-roasted-jalapeno-peppers/
Title:
Carnitas Enchiladas with Roasted Jalapeno Peppers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/300722.jpg
Ingredients:
For the Enchiladas:
6 roasted jalapeño peppers, seeded and sliced
1 can of rotel tomatoes and green chilis
1 cup of diced onion
1 tablespoon each of garlic salt, fresh crushed black peppercorns, and cumin
1 lb of sliced pork tenderloin (think sliced like a pork chop)
1 1/2 cups of pepper jack cheese- please note that if you don't want the heat, Monterrey Jack would be better.
6 10in flour or white corn tortillas.
2 tablespoons olive oil
1/4 cup of tequila
4 oz cream cheese
For the sauce:
1/4 cup tequila
1/4 cup cream
1/4 cup butter
12 oz (1 and 1/2 cups) of sour cream
1/2 to 1 tablespoon cumin
1 tablespoon garlic salt
1 to 1 1/2 cup chicken broth
2 oz cream cheese
4 oz grated cheese (monterry jack, cheddar, asiago, etc)

Directions:
For the Enchiladas:
1. In a heavy skillet over medium high heat pour two tablespoons of olive oil. Add your pork tenderloin. You want to sear it quickly, to lock in the juice and tenderness. About one minute/side.
2. While one side is cooking sprinkle the meat with the cumin, garlic salt and fresh crushed peppers. Turn the meat after about 1 minute and repeat the seasoning process. Remove the pork and julienne it.  They will still be pink in the center. If they're not, you overcooked them.
3. Add the onion. You want to let the onion get brown and yummy and cook quickly as you don't want them to fall to pieces.  Stir as necessary. When your pan is good and hot and your onions are getting brown, add your 1/4 cup of tequila to de-glaze the pan. Let that cook for a couple to three minutes as you'll want the alcohol to burn off.
4.Then add your pork back to the pan.
5. Throw in your can of rotel tomatoes, reduce heat, cover and simmer for about 8-10 minutes.
6. Then add your roasted jalapeño peppers. Oh, and pre-heat your oven to 375.
7. Add four ounces of cream cheese to the pan. Remove from heat.
8. Put 1/6 of the mixture per tortilla, and add 1/6 of the cheese. Place them in an un-greased pan. Bake them for 9 minutes. Or until the edges of the tortilla are crisp.
For the Sauce:
1.In your same heavy pan you used to make your enchiladas, and you don't have to wash it folks-just use it- you get extra flavor that way. Add your tequila over high heat and let it cook for a couple to three minutes burn off the alcohol.
2. Add the cream, butter and the sour cream. Stir until it's smooth.
3. Add the cumin, and the sugar, and the cream cheese. Now add as much or as little broth as you desire to get the taste just right. You want the sauce to be sweet- not overly salty.
To finish the dish:
1.Remove the enchiladas from the oven and pour 2/3 of the sauce over them. Top with the remaining cheese, and if desired fresh chopped parsley, cilantro and tomatoes.
2. Put them back in the oven until the cheese is melted- about 3-4 minutes.
*roasted peppers- Using tongs, hold them over an open flame until the skin is charred and blistered (You can place them in a 500 degree oven too). Place them in a plastic bag for 5 minutes to let them sweat. Peel the skin and slice.

Submitter: 
Jenn Zeller
Description: 
Enchiladas take on a new twist with pork loin, roasted jalapeno peppers, pepper jack cheese and tequila.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45
Ready in:
60
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
