URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62171610/scotts-coast-to-coast-famous-chicken-wings/
Title:
Scott's Coast-to-Coast Famous Chicken Wings Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/283780.jpg
Ingredients:
The Wings:
3 pounds chicken wings, segmented
The Sauce:
MILD
Roughly 1.5 cups of Frank's Red Hot Sauce
1 T garlic powder
1 T black pepper (coarse ground)
1/3  C  unsalted butter
MEDIUM
Add 1 T red pepper flakes
HOT
Add 2 T white vinegar
Add 1 T super-hot sauce of your choice:
Scorned Woman, Black Rhino, Vicious Viper, etc

Directions:
Start your kettle with peanut oil on a burner on high. For a full batch of 20-25 wings you'll need about a gallon of peanut oil - enough for all the wings to float freely as they cook without touching the bottom of the pan.
Use an oil thermometer, and get the oil between 350-375 before you add the wings. Water WILL cause the oil to pop at this temperature.
Add all the wings at once up to a max of 25. More wings will cook, but they won’t get crispy no matter how long you cook them for.
Once all the wings are in, stir them to make sure none are stuck together, and cover with the splatter screen.
Set a timer for 15 minutes as a backup to remind you, but you can usually tell when they’re done when they are floating and have quieted down.
Make your sauce. Depending on how hot you like it, follow the directions above. Melt the butter first in microwave, add the remaining ingredients and mix in a large glass or metal bowl. Plastic will stain given these ingredients so use either glass or plastic unless you want a permanently dedicated wing bowl.
Stir wings occasionally every few minutes to make sure they aren’t stuck together. You’ll be able to tell when they are getting close to done when they “sizzle” less and begin to float. They’ll be crispy brown around the edges in most cases.
When wings are done, transfer them to your mixing bowl, and coat with sauce. Serve on their own platter with a discard bowl for bones. Sides, well, on the side.

Submitter: 
Scott Scazafavo
Description: 
Where I'm from, they're just called Wings. - I've made this same recipe for as long as I can remember in hopping from my hometown of Buffalo, NY, to Raleigh, NC, now to Seattle, WA. This wing recipe has been sought after by many that have tasted them, and I've never given up the recipe or prep method -  until now.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30m
Ready in:
45m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
