URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62172004/old-fashioned-beef-stew-with-pressure-cooker-modifications/
Title:
Old Fashioned Beef Stew (with Pressure Cooker Modifications) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 tablespoons Oil (Olive or Vegetable)
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon black pepper
2 pounds beef chuck, cubed
1 medium onion diced
2 medium onions sliced
5 Medium Potatoes (white or red), peeled and diced
6 carrots, sliced OR 36 Baby Carrots
4 stalks celery, sliced or 24 1" segments
2 (10.5 ounce) cans beef broth
2 cups diced fresh tomatoes (or 1 14.5 oz. can diced tomatoes with juice)
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour or Wondra Flour
1 tablespoon cold water
1 cup red wine
1 tsp. thyme
2 TBSP fresh parsley or 2 tsp. dry

Directions:
In a large pot (if using a pressure cooker heat in cooker w/out the lid on) heat oil over medium high heat. In a resealable plastic bag mix together the flour, garlic powder, salt and pepper. Add a small handful of meat at a time and shake until well coated; brown in hot oil, about 1 minute per side. Remove the browned meat and continue until all the meat is browned.
Lower heat to medium and add onions. Brown onions on both sides, about 3 minutes per side. Deglaze the pan using the red wine and add the thyme and parsley.
Add the following to the pot: potatoes, carrots, celery, sliced onions, browned meat and broth. Stir all together.
Regular Directions: Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low, cover and simmer for 2 hours, stirring occasionally.
Pressure Cooker Directions: Place the top on the pressure cooker and cook under high pressure (15 psi) for 12 minutes. Turn off the heat and allow the pressure to release naturally (approx. 15-20 minutes).
For a thicker broth: 1/2 hour before stew is done, combine 3 tablespoons flour or wondra and water in a small bowl and mix well, then slowly stir mixture into stew. OR remove some of the vegetables (1/4 or less) and puree using a food processor or blender. Return the puree into the pot and mix.

Submitter: 
Alaine
Description: 
Ver. 01 - This is a great basic beef stew recipe. I updated it to add more onions, changed qty of potatoes and added red option, added spices, red wine, more information on thickening up the broth and details on how to use the recipe if cooking in a pressure cooker. 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
Ver. 00 - Original Description: Beef chuck stewed with potatoes, carrots, celery, onions and beef broth for a homey favorite. The aroma that permeates throughout the house while the stew is simmering doesn't do it justice..delicious.Modified from: Angel's Old Fashioned Beef Stew
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
