URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62170469/norwegian-birthday-cake-blotkake/
Title:
Norwegian Birthday Cake (Bløtkake) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/283896.jpg
Ingredients:
5 eggs
3/4 cup white sugar
1 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
Filling:
1/2 cups mashed strawberries (or blueberries, peaches, raspberries, kiwis, currants or any other filling you prefer)
1 package instant pudding vanilla flavor made according to the instruction on the package(you can use any other flavor)
2 1/2 cups whipping cream
3 tablespoons confectioners sugar
Fresh strawberries (or blueberries, peaches, raspberries, kiwis, currants or any other filling you prefer)
7 ounces dark semi-sweet chocolate

Directions:
Preheat your oven to 350 F / 175 C
Whisk the eggs and sugar until they form peaks. Sieve the flour and baking powder into the egg mixture and fold lightly in. Pour the batter into a round greased pan (about 9 1/2 inches in diameter) lined with parchment paper and bake for 30-35 minutes.
Let the cake cool completely in the pan. Cut carefully along the edges of the pan to loosen it. Take it carefully out of the pan. Divide the cake into 3, horizontally.
Place the bottom layer on a serving plate and spread the mashed strawberries evenly. Spread the vanilla pudding on top of the strawberries and place the second layer on top of the vanilla pudding.
Whip the cream together with the confectioners sugar until peaks form. Cover the second layer with about 1/3 inch of the whipped cream. Place sliced strawberries on top and cover it with the third layer.
Take the remaining cream and cover the rest of the cake, including the sides. Grate or chop the chocolate and sprinkle on the top of the cake. The cake should be made the same day as it is served.

Submitter: 
Kristina Larsdotter
Description: 
'Bløtkake' is a Norwegian cake used for birthdays and all kinds of celebrations. You can fill it with whatever you like so there are hundreds of different versions.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
