URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62170018/brides-cake-ii/
Title:
Brides Cake II Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 cups sifted cake flour (not all-purpose)
1 Tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup butter
1 Tablespoon vanilla
1/4 teaspoon almond extract
1 cup sugar
1/2 cup water
1/2 cup milk
6 egg whites
3/4 cup sugar
Frosting:
2/3 cup butter
1 1/2 tsp vanilla
1/4 tsp almond extract
6 cups sifted confectioners sugar
1 egg white, unbeaten
3-6 tablespoons cream

Directions:
Grease sides of a 12 inch round layer cake pan (2 inches deep)and a 1 pound coffee can.
Line with baking parchment paper which extends 1/2in above sides of pans.  Lightly spray or grease paper.
Grease 2 8inch round layer cake pans and set aside.  Prepare the cake recipe once for the 12inch layer pan, and then again for the 8 inch layers and coffee can.
Sift flour, baking powder, and salt together.  Cream butter, extracts, and sugar together till light and fluffy.  Combine water and milk, and add alternating with the dry ingredients to creamed mixture, beating only until blended after each addition.
Beat egg whites in a small bowl until frothy.  Add remaining 3/4 cup sugar gradually, beating well after each addition.  Continue beating until rounded peaks form.
Fold into batter until thoroughly blended.
Turn into 12 inch pan.  Bake at 350 degrees for 50-55 minutes, or till cake tests done.  Cool slightly and remove from pan.
Repeat recipe and fill 8 inch pans 2/3 full.  Turn remaining batter into parchment lined coffee can (do not bake batter in an aluminum can unless lined with parchment paper). Bake layers at 350 degrees for 30-35 minutes, or till done.  Leave the coffee can in oven for an extra 10 minutes to bake for for 40-45 minutes.
Cool slightly then remove from pans to completely cool.  Decorate with brides frosting
Brides frosting:
Cream butter and extracts together, beat in sugar gradually until creamy.  Add egg white and beat till fluffy.  Blend in enough cream until spreading consistancy.

Submitter: 
tigershoes
Description: 
This was my wedding cake when I got married and everyone LOVED it.  Nice and moist and the almond extract compliments this cake very well.  The frosting was tripled to frost the whole cake. If your scared to use egg white then use a different frosting because you cant leave it out of this recipe.  The egg white is what sets the frosting up and makes it fluffy. Without it you would most likely end up with a runny mess.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
NA
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
30
Nutritional Facts:
NA
