URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62170183/zito-zhitokoljivo/
Title:
Zito (Zhito/Koljivo) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup wheat berries (preferably white wheat)
3 1/2 cups walnuts
2 cups powdered sugar
1/8 teaspoon salt
Garnish:
2 tablespoons slivered almonds
1/4 cup whipping cream, whipped

Directions:
Bring a kettle of water to boil. Continue to refill and heat as needed as the source for water in boiling the wheat.
Place wheat berries in a 2- to 3-quart saucepan. Cover with water, about two inches above the level of the berries. The exact amount is unimportant. Bring to a rolling boil and let boil for 15 seconds. Drain. Discard water.
Add new water to the wheat, the same amount as before. Repeat until you've brought wheat and water to a boil seven times.
On the seventh water, add the salt. Don't drain the water.
Place the pot of wheat on a blanket on an armchair or couch. Pack it all around with blankets and pillows. Let rest overnight.
The next day, drain any water that hasn't been absorbed overnight.
Grind the wheat berries thoroughly in a food processor or a meat grinder. A blender could be problematic, but it could be done in small batches. Remove the wheat from the food processor bowl. Grind the nuts in the bowl. Add the sugar to the nuts and process together. Add the wheat back into the bowl and process together.
Spoon koljivo into a serving dish, preferably a clear glass one with straight sides.
Garnish by sticking slivered almonds all over the top, like a porcupine.
Serve by the heaping tablespoon in very small, decorative bowls, like custard cups, topped with a dollop of whipped cream.
Keeps several months in the freezer.

Submitter: 
Vesna
Description: 
This simple, hearty dessert of cooked, ground wheat fortified with ground nuts and sugar is central to Serbian culture. It symbolizes life and death, harvest and renewal, and is presented at certain special occasions: Slava (the family's saint day), Christmas and memorial services.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
60
Ready in:
10 (includ
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
