URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62180060/german-bell-cookies/
Title:
German Bell Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
FILLING:
1 c brown sugar
6 tbsp butter, melted
3/4 c maraschino cherry juice
4 1/2 c ground pecans
COOKIE DOUGH:
6 c flour
1 tsp baking soda
2 tsp ginger
1 tsp ginger
1 tspn intstant Coffee powder
2 c butter, room temp
2 1/2 c light brown sugar, firmly packed
1/2 c dark corn syrup
2 egg
2 tbsp cream, or 1/2 & 1/2
2 jars maraschino cherries, halved or in 1/3's

Directions:
FILLING:
Mix sugar, butter, cherry juice and pecans in a bowl; set aside.
COOKIE DOUGH:
Sift flour, baking soda, salt, ginger  and instant coffee; set aside.
Cream butter with sugar until fluffy; add corn syrup, egg, and cream. Add dry ingredients to creamed mixture and mix well. Divide into three portions and shape into disks; cover with plastic and chill in the refridgerator for a few hours.
Roll dough 1/8" thick, on a very heavily floured surface (or roll between sheets of heavely floured wax paper).
Cut out circles with a floured 3" round cutter and use a floured spatula to transfer to parchment lined baking sheets; if dough becomes to sticky to transfer roll it out between floured sheets of wax papers, place length of dough and wax paper in the refrigerator for a few mins.
Place about 1 tsp of nut filling on the round and fold in the sides (pinched narrow at top and open at bottom) to form the bell shape. Add a cherry half (or 1/3's) to form the clapper. Bake in 350 degree oven, for 12-15 mins.
let cool completley on wire racks before storing in airtight containers.

Submitter: 
Heide F
Description: 
My mother brought this recipe from germany. She would gift them as christmas presents, and would recieve rave reviews. They are a buttery ginger espresso flavored cookie with filling made with brown sugar and ground pecans.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
64
Nutritional Facts:
NA
