URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62188771/six-feet-under-dip/
Title:
Six Feet Under Dip Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/305271.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cans vegetarian style refried beans
2 cans black beans, rinsed and drained
1 cup homemade or store bought salsa
1 cup sour cream
1 teaspoon vegetable or grapeseed oil
1 small onion, diced
2 gloves garlic, minced
1 lb. lean ground meat or meat substitute
1 packet taco seasoning mix (or other Tex-mex spice mixture)
2 cups shredded cheddar cheese
2-3 bunches of green onions, chopped
1 bunch cilantro, chopped (optional)
1-2 flour torillas, cut to resemble tombstones
1-2 Tb. melted butter
Chili powder for dusting

Directions:
Use a rectangular 9x13 clear baking dish, and fill bottom with refried beans in an even layer.
Mix together the salsa and sour cream and layer on top of refried beans.
Saute onion in vegetable oil over medium heat until softened and slightly brown; add ground meat/meat substitute, taco seasoning (or other Tex-mex spices), and garlic; toast until fragrant.
Once meat is cooked or the substitute is warmed through, add 1/2 cup broth, water, or lager and allow to simmer and flavors to meld for about 10 minutes.
Allow meat mixture to cool slightly and layer on top of salsa/sour cream mixture.
While meat is cooling, place the cut tortillas on a shallow baking sheet and toast in the oven at 450 until stiff enough to stand up in the dip (around 5 minutes per side).
Use a paint brush to brush melted butter on the "tombstones" with RIP or other sayings; dust with chili powder and tap off extra powder.
Pour drained and rinsed black beans over top of the meat.
Layer shredded cheese on top of the black beans.
Add chopped green onions (and cilantro if using) on top, and then add your tombstones.

Submitter: 
*mis
Description: 
I made this a couple of weeks ago for a Halloween party and it was a pretty big hit!  However, it's sort of a lengthy recipe so if you're short on time I'd skip it.  It's also pretty versatile as far as ingredients, as long as you put the green onions on top to mimic grass on a grave.  Also, you can use low fat or reduced sodium ingredients and it is still to die for! ;)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
