URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62188508/stuffed-tofu--chinese-homemade-style/
Title:
Stuffed Tofu--Chinese homemade style Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/296260.jpg
Ingredients:
1 lb pork loin
2 bag Tofu puffs
3 green onions
1 T Chinese pickled cabbages
1 egg
1 t Corn starch
1 t Chicken powder (It is chicken stock powder, you may get it at QFC or any Asian market)
Sauce:
2 T Szechuan Spicy Black bean sauce
5 to 10 dry chilli peppers(depends how spicy you want it to be)
1 T garlic, chopped finely
1 T Dark soy sauce
1 t corn starch
Garnish: 1 Green onion--only green part

Directions:
Cut off the white border of the pork loin chop; it is actually some sort of skin and very tough if you use it. Wash the meat. Cut the pork loin chops into small pieces first, then keep chopping them until they look like ground pork. Dice two green onions into small pieces. Put the onions and the Chinese pickled cabbages on top of the pork and fold all together. Take the mixture out of the bowl and chop again. Keep chopping the pork until you can tell that the green onions and pickles are totally fine and mixed with the pork.
Return the pork mixture to the bowl. Add one egg and one tsp corn starch, along with one tsp Chicken powder. Use a pair of chopsticks, mix all the ingredients together in only one direction. Keep mixing until the chopsticks can stand up in the stuffing.
When you are all done, put a small amount of oil into a frying pan. Heat it up. Then put the opening side of the tofu puffs down.Fry them for about 3 minutes, then you can turn the tofu puffs and fry the other sides.
Take out the tofu and add little bit more vegetable oil to the frying pan if the oil ran out after frying the tofu puffs.
Heat the oil up then put black bean sauce in first, fry it until you can see the oil turn a little red. Then put in the dry chilli peppers and garlic. Fry until the garlic turn light brown.
Now you may put the tofu puffs into the sauce. Stir them for a bit then add half a cup of water and 1 T dark soy sauce.
Cover the frying pan up, and let them cook for 5 to 10 minutes until the water is dried out.
Take out of the tofu. Then add 1/4 cup of water to the sauce. Mix 1 t of corn starch with a little bit of water and pour it into the sauce. When the sauce is thickened, pour it on top of the tofu puff and add the chopped green onion stalks as garnish.

Submitter: 
Tao,RN
Description: 
The dish is going to take you a little bit more time, but I promise that you and your guests will love this dish. It is a traditional Chinese homemade dish and you don't usually see it in a restaurant. This is my homemade stuffed tofu!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
1
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
