URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62183016/salisbury-steak-with-mushroomonion-gravy/
Title:
Salisbury Steak with Mushroom/Onion Gravy Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/834627.jpg
Ingredients:
1	pound ground beef
¼	teaspoon salt
½	teaspoon black pepper
2	cloves garlic, minced
1/3 	cup onion, grated
Mushroom Gravy
1	tablespoon unsalted butter
½	cup grated yellow onion
8	ounces thinly sliced mushrooms
1/3	cup dry red wine
2 	cups low sodium beef broth
3	tablespoons all purpose flour
Salt and pepper to taste
1	teaspoon red wine vinegar
Onion Gravy
1	tablespoon butter
1 	Medium onion, diced
1/3	cup dry red wine
2	cups low sodium beef broth
3	tablespoons all purpose flour
1	teaspoon beef base
Salt and pepper to taste
1	teaspoon red wine vinegar

Directions:
Combine ½ cup onion, ½ teaspoon pepper, ¼ teaspoon salt, and garlic with the beef.  Mix well and shape into 4 ½ inch thick patties.  Heat skillet over medium high heat.  Coat skillet with 1 tablespoon  extra virgin olive oil.  Add beef patties and cook 3 minutes on each side or until browned.  Remove from pan to a platter and cover with foil to keep warm.
For Mushroom Gravy: Melt butter in same pan, add Mushrooms; sauté until caramelized; about 8 to 10 minutes.  Stir in remaining onion and wine; cook 2 minutes.  Combine broth and flour whisking to remove any lumps; add to pan and bring to a boil; whisking constantly.  Cook 5 minutes or until thickened. Taste and adjust salt and pepper.  Stir in vinegar; and add patties back to pan; cook 2 minutes.
For Onion Gravy:  Melt butter in same pan, add onion; turn heat to medium low, sauté until onions are tender.  Add red wine to pan and deglaze let reduce a bit while you stir flour into broth.  Whisking to remove any lumps.  Pour flour mixture into pan whisking constantly; turn heat back up to medium or medium high.  You want this to boil/simmer.  Stir in beef base, cook and stir until beef base is dissolved. Taste and adjust salt and pepper.  Then add the vinegar, stir.  And then add patties back to pan and cook another 2 to 3 minutes.

Submitter: 
Semigourmet
Description: 
This comforting beef and gravy recipe is not hard but tastes like you slaved for quite a while to make it.  Great Family food.  Freezes well.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
