URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62189459/vegan-bean-veggie-mash/
Title:
Vegan Bean Veggie Mash Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/296925.jpg
Ingredients:
4 ounces adzuki beans (or any bean you like)
2 ounces brown rice
4 cups water (adjust for your bean if needed)
1 teaspoon olive oil
1 medium onion, chopped
8 ounces carrots, thinly sliced
1 head of broccoli, chopped into small pieces
1 cup of cut corn, fresh or frozen
1 tablespoon Bragg’s liquid amino acids (or soy sauce)
4 tablespoons tomato sauce
1 teaspoon garlic powder
4 large cloves garlic, minced
1 teaspoon oregano
2 teaspoons basil
3 red potatoes,
1 splash of soy, hemp, or rice milk
1 tsp. vegan butter spread
salt, pepper to taste

Directions:
Rinse the beans and rice in water. Add 4 cups of water to a medium sized pot, and add the beans and rice. Cook covered on medium for 50 minutes or until the beans are soft.
Chop potatoes into large sections, keeping skin on, and boil until soft. Drain, then mash with a splash of milk, garlic powder, a pinch of salt, and vegan butter until smooth.
Heat oil in a large skillet on medium heat. Fry the onions for a few minutes until golden brown.
Add the carrots and cook covered for a few minutes until they begin to bend. Add the broccoli and corn, and continue to cook until the broccoli is almost done, stirring well.
Add the tomato sauce, Braggs amino acids, fresh garlic, and herbs. Mix well.
Add the cooked beans and rice. Stir well and let sauté for about ten minutes, ensuring that the mixture does not burn, adding a little water if necessary.
Transfer into a casserole dish, pressing the mixture in. Top the mixture with the mashed potatoes, pressing with the top of a large spoon to spread evenly.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit. Bake for about 35 minutes, or until the potatoes are browned.
Serve with salt and pepper to taste.

Submitter: 
Carrie Medina
Description: 
This delicious bean and veggie casserole is a sure hit. It's filling and nutritious; a flavorful use of virtually any kind of bean you may have around.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
50 m
Ready in:
1 1/2 hrs
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
