URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62183892/ma-la-ji-ding-ma-la-chicken-cubes--a-szechuansichuan-dish/
Title:
Ma La Ji Ding ( Ma La Chicken Cubes)--a Szechuan(Sichuan) Dish Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/293153.jpg
Ingredients:
Chicken breast 1 lb (you may use other type of chicken meat, sometimes I like to use chicken with skin, since I have to deep fry the chicken first and I love the crispy chicken skin)
8 green chili pepper (I chose what was available at the market. What I used was on sale in an Asian market and they did not even have a name for it. I knew it was mild, which was good since I wanted to add some dry peppers later. The closest flavor I can think of would be Anaheim chili)
2t Szechuan(sichuan) peppercorns
2t dry peppers (you may get it in any Asian market)
Marinade:
1T ginger, cut into thin slices
2  green onions, cut into pieces about 1 inch long
1t dark soy sauce--for making the color of the chicken look beautiful
1/4t salt

Directions:
Preparation:
1) Cut the chicken into bite size cubes, and mix them with marinade well. Marinate them for at least 15 minutes.
2) Cut the green chili pepper into small pieces.
3) Cut each dry chili pepper in half
Put enough oil in a frying pan to cover 2/3 of the chicken you are going to put in. Heat it up until you could feel the heat when you put your hand above the frying pan. Take the green onion and ginger out of the chicken before you put it into the frying pan. Deep fry the chicken, until you can see the nice golden color of the chicken. The chicken cubes should be much smaller than when they were raw. Take the chicken out and drain the oil into a bowl.
Leave about 1/4 cup of oil in the frying pan. Heat it up. Put in peppercorn and dry chili pepper, stir them until you can smell the flavor then put in the green pepper. Fry them together for about 3 minutes, then put in the chicken cubes. Season with a 1t light soy sauce and about 1/2c chicken stock (you may also use chicken powder and water instead)
Cook it until all the water is gone. You will be ready to serve!
NOTE:
1) Be very careful when you put in the peppercorn and dry chili, it is east to burn them.

Submitter: 
Tao,RN
Description: 
The dish I made on Halloween weekend--Ma La Ji Ding. Ma means numb, La means spicy, Ji Ding means Chicken cubes. Some of you may know that Szechuan food has a unique flavor which can make your tongue a bit numb after you eat the food. Some people are crazy about this sensation, some people don't care for it. Some people dislike it at first, and they get used to it and love that flavor. What makes your tongue numb is the peppercorns.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 to 30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
