URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62181170/green-onion-lamb-northern-chinese-dish/
Title:
Green Onion Lamb (Northern Chinese dish) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/291082.jpg
Ingredients:
1 lb Lean lamb (The one I chose was called lamb back, it was really lean, no fat at all)
10 Green Onions (Sometimes you may find huge green onions that look like leeks in the Asian market, that's what you were supposed to use. They are very hard to find; I have only seen them a couple of times. Using regular onion would work as well.)
4 to 5 cloves of Garlic--chopped finely
Seasoning:
1/2 t vinegar
1t light soy sauce
1/2 t sugar
1t white pepper powder
1/4 t chicken powder (a powder form chicken stock, you may get it in any Asian markets)
1/2t Salt

Directions:
How to cut the lamb into thin pieces: Put the lamb in the freezer for 20 to 30 minutes. Then take it out and slice it into thin pieces. Yes, use the FREEZER. It is so much easier to cut it into thin pieces after it is frozen.
Key thing to cut the lamb: the knife should be in a perpendicular direction to the texture of the lamb. The lamb will be tender after you cook it.
Cut the green onions into really thin pieces about 1 inch long.
Heat up the frying pan with the oil until you can feel the heat above the frying pan. Quickly put the lamb in and stir fry until the color changes to brown. Then put in the green onions and stir them for another 15 seconds. Put in the vinegar and garlic, then salt. You are ready to serve! Enjoy!!
NOTE: You can always try the dish before you transfer the lamb to a plate, you may add salt at the last minute if it is too plain for you.
It is also a key to put the vinegar and garlic in the end,  no exceptions!

Submitter: 
Tao,RN
Description: 
This is more like a Northern Chinese dish. Northern Chinese food tends to have a stronger flavor. The dish for this week is called Green Onion Lamb, Chinese name--Cong Bao Yangrou (Cong means Green onion, Bao means fast and hard, Yangrou means Lamb). It is simple but delicious dish.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
