URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62182449/classic-key-lime-pie/
Title:
Classic Key Lime Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/291936.jpg
Ingredients:
Crust
1 1/2 cups graham cracker crumbs
1/4 cup confectioners sugar
1/8 tsp salt
1/3 cup melted butter
Filling
Grated rind of 1 medium lime, about 3 Tablespoons, not packed
3 large egg yolks
14 oz. can sweetened condensed milk (1 1/4 cups)
2/3 cup bottled Key Lime Juice or freshly squeezed lime juice

Directions:
Select a pie pan whose inside top dimension is at least 9", and whose height is at least 1 1/4".  Preheat the oven to 325 degrees.
Make the crust by stirring together all of the crust ingredients, mixing till thoroughly combined.
Press the crumbs into the bottom and up the sides of the pie pan.
Bake the pie crust for 15 minuts; it'll start to darken in color a bit.  Remove it from the oven, and place it on a rack to cool while you make the filling.
Whisk the grated lime rind and egg yolks at high speed of an electric mixer for about 4 minutes.  The mixture will lighten in color and thicken somewhat, looking kind of like Hollandaise sauce.
Stir in the sweetened condensed milk, mixing until smooth.  Beat at high speed for 3 minutes; the filling will become slightly thicker, and gain a bit of volume.
Add the lime juice, stirring just to combine.  The mixture will thicken.
Pour the mixture into the crust, and return the pie to the oven.  Bake for about 25 minutes, till it appears set around the edges, though still a bit wobbly in the center.  The center should read about 145 degrees.
Remove the pie from the oven and cool to room temperature.  Refrigerate for several hours before serving.  Slice and serve each piece with a lightly sweetened dollop of whipped cream, if desired.

Submitter: 
Peggy
Description: 
The lime zest in this pie really adds texture and brings the rich lime flavor out.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
