URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62186708/easy-chocolate-souffle/
Title:
Easy Chocolate Souffle Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8 squares of semi-sweet bakers chocolate
1/2 cup of butter
3 eggs
4 egg yolks
1 cup sugar
2 cups of flour
For ramekins:
Butter
1/2 cup sugar

Directions:
In a sauce pan or a double boiler, melt the butter and chocolate and blend. (I just used a regular frying pan). Set aside.
In a mixer, beat the three eggs and 4 yolks with the sugar until well blended at a low speed.
Gradually add the flour at a low speed until well combined. I put in about a 1/2 cup at a time, turned on the mixer, then continued until all the flour was used.
Gradually, again, add the chocolate to the mixture. Once completely blended, your mixture should look "shiny."
Ramekins: Grease your ramekins thoroughly with butter. Pour in a tiny bit of sugar and tilt your ramekins until the sugar coats the bottom and sides of the dish.
Pour your souffle batter into each ramekin, until almost to the top. Put ramekins into the fridge until ready to serve -- the recipe I used said to put in the fridge 1 to 2 hours max, but I had them in the fridge about 4 hours and it still worked beautifully. Minimum time in fridge should be 1 hour.
About 15 minutes before serving, put in oven at 350-400 degrees (depending on how "hot" your oven gets). Bake for 15 minutes max. Do NOT overcook.
You know when to take out of the oven when the souffle rises above the edges of the dish. The sugar coating you put in the bottom of the ramekin should adhere to the sides of the souffle, making a crystalized edge.

Submitter: 
Peg
Description: 
While searching for a recipe to make a chocolate souffle, I came across this gem. Every other recipe looked daunting to a first-time souffle maker, but this one looked promising: No beating egg whites, no folding, no fuss, no muss. This recipe couldn't be easier. And the results are fabulous: Everyone thinks you spent hours making it. The bonus is the gooey chocolate inside. Decadent!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
