URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62186637/meringue-springerle-cookies/
Title:
Meringue Springerle Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 egg whites
4 1/2 c powder sugar
1 1/2 tsp baking powder
1/2 btl vanilla essence ( 2 tsp vanilla sugar)
3 1/2 c flour
anise seeds

Directions:
Place cookie molds in freezer.
Sift (or whisk) powder sugar and baking powder together; set aside.
Beat egg whites until stiff, carefully fold in sugar and oil of anise.
combine and knead in flour enough to make a stiff dough. Divide into 3 discs, wrap in plastic and chill for at least 3 hours or over night.
Dust the mold heavily with powdered sugar before the first use; dust lightly before each addtional molding. Lightly surface of dough before impressing. A 'duster' (a spoonful of powdered sugar tied in a piece of cheesecloth is recomended for this.
Flour had and subdivide dough into kneaded balls of the aproximate size will need to roll or press in the mold cavity. Coat each ball in powdered sugar. Return remaining unused dough to refridgerator.
Roll out dough to 1/4" on lightly floured pastry cloth or board.
Press down firmly enough to make a clear deep impressions of the springerle molds (optional: flip mold with dough over and carefully use rolling pin to press the dough into the mold.) Carefully lift off mold (can use toothpick or moistened brush if dough is stuck. DO NOT use a knife.)
Repeat dusting molds each time before cookies are molded.
Cut cookies apart with a knife or pastry wheel.
Lift each cookie carefully to a cookie sheet (no air bake sheets) lined with parchment paper sprayed, and lightly sprinkeled with semi crushed anise seed.
Let cookie stand overnight or 8 hrs to air dry.
Bake in apreheated oven 300 degrees 10-15 minutes, or until firm and dry [should not brown], remove from cookie shhets to wire racks.

Submitter: 
Heide F
Description: 
A lighter crisper version of the springerle, made with egg whites
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
3-24 hrs
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
36
Nutritional Facts:
NA
