URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62181354/omas-kings-cake-konigkuchen/
Title:
Oma's King's Cake (Konigkuchen) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 c +2 tbsp butter, room temp
1 c sugar
2 1/2 vanilla sugar (or 1 tsp vanilla extract)
4 eggs
1/8 tsp salt
2 1/2 c flour
1 1/4 potatoe starch (opt corn starch)
2 1/2 tsp baking powder
6 tbsp milk
4 tbsp rum
3/4 c citron, chopped fine
1 c golden raisins
1 c dried currants (or dark raisins)
ICING:
2 c powdered sugar
2-3 tbsp milk

Directions:
Cream butter and sugar, until light and fluffy. Add vanilla, eggs and rum.
Sift flour, starch and baking powder together; add to the creamed mixture alternating with milk.
Finally fold in the dried fruit citron. Greas and line the bottom of a circular tube pan with a removable bottom.
Bake in a 350 degree preheated oven for 80-100 minutes or untill top is lightly browned.
Cool on wire rack for 20 mins. Using a sharp knife run along the sides and the tube of the cake pan.
After remiving the cake 2 parts of the cake pans, reposition the bottom onto the rack so the top is on top. Cool completely.
Frost with icning and garnish with cherries and pecan nuts in a jewel pattern.
ICING: mix powder sugar and enough milk to make an icing of thick spreadabel consistancy.

Submitter: 
Heide F
Description: 
Twelfth Night Cake (aka Rosca de Reyes, Gateau des Rois, King Cake) honors the Three Wise Men who visited the baby Jesus on the 12th day after his birth. In many countries it was customary to celebrate Ephiphany with a feast on its eve, or Twelfth Night. A central feature of these festivities was a cake in which a bean or token was hidden. He who found it in his piece of cake was named lord of the evening's entertainments and could command guests to do his bidding. This is a recipe my mother brought from germany and passed down.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
