URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62188868/hearty-meat-lasagna/
Title:
Hearty Meat Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 Tablespoons Olive Oil
1 medium Onion, minced
2 Tablespoons Garlic, minced (Approx. 6 cloves)
½ lb Italian Sausage
½ lb Extra Lean Ground Beef
1 Teaspoon Salt
1 Teaspoon Ground Pepper
¼ Cup Heavy Cream
1 (28 oz) Can of Tomato Sauce
1 (28oz) Can of Diced Tomatoes
24 oz Whole Milk Ricotta Cheese
1 Cup of Parmesan Cheese- grated
½ Cup of Fresh Basil Leaves, chopped
1 Egg, lightly beaten
½ Teaspoon Salt
½ Teaspoon Ground Pepper
No Boil flat lasagna noodles, preferably Barilla rand
4 cups Mozzarella Cheese, grated
1 cup Parmesan Cheese, grated

Directions:
For the Sauce: Heat the oil in a Dutch oven over medium heat until shimmering.   Add the onion and cook until softened but not browned, about 3 minutes.  Stir in the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds.  Stir in the Italian Sausage and Ground Beef, salt, pepper and cook, breaking the meat into small pieces with a wooden spoon, until the meat loses its raw color, but has not browned, about 4 minutes
Stir in the cream, bring to a simmer, and cook until the liquid evaporates and only the fat remains, about 5 minutes.  Stir in the tomato Sauce and Diced Tomatoes. Bring to a simmer and cook until the flavors are blended, about 3 minutes.  Season with salt and pepper to taste; set aside.
For the Ricotta Filling: Stir all of the ingredients together until combined; set aside.
To Assemble the Lasagna: Spread 1 cup of the sauce over the bottom of a 13x9 dish.  Place 3 of the noodles in a single layer in the baking dish.  Spread 1/3 cup of ricotta mixture over each noodle, then sprinkle the layer with 1 cup of the mozzarella.  Spoon 1 cup of the sauce evenly over the cheese.  Repeat the layering of the noodles, ricotta, mozzarella, and sauce twice more.  Place the remaining 3 noodles on tip, cover with the remaining sauce, and sprinkle with the remaining 1 cup mozzarella and Parmesan.
To Store: Wrap the dish tightly with plastic wrap and then foil and refrigerate up to 2 days or freeze for up to 1 month.  (If frozen, the lasagna must be thawed completely in the refrigerator, about 24 hours.)

Submitter: 
Amy Cothran Gray
Description: 
What Rebecca Sofie fed us at her house when we arrived for our suitemate reunion!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
75 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
