URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62181298/chile-verde/
Title:
Chile Verde Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
10-12 tomatillos
5 garlic cloves, not peeled
1 jalapeno, seeds and ribs removed, chopped
1 Poblano chile, cored, seeded and flattened
1 bunch cilantro leaves, cleaned and chopped
1 1/2 to 2 lbs of pork loin (or shoulder), trimmed of excess fat and cut into to 2-inch cubes
Sea salt and freshly cracked black pepper, to taste
2 yellow onions
3 garlic cloves, peeled and finely chopped
2 Tbsp of chopped fresh oregano or 1 Tbsp of dried oregano
2 1/2 cups chicken stock

Directions:
Position the oven rack close to the broiler. Cover a baking sheet with tin foil. Clean tomatillos, cut in half and place cut side down, along with 5 unpeeled garlic cloves and the cored, seeded and flattened chile pepper, skin side up on a baking sheet.
Broil in the oven until the tomatillos, garlic and chile are blackened - about 5-7 minutes.
Transfer the chile pepper to a small bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and let cool for 7-10 minutes. Once the pepper is cool enough to handle, carefully remove the blackened skin.
Place tomatillos, skins included, into food processor or blender. Remove garlic skins then add them to the processor. Add the chopped jalapeno pepper, the chile, any extra juice from the roasting tray and cilantro then pulse.
Season the pork cubes generously with salt, freshly cracked pepper and oregano, to taste. Brown pork chunks on all sides. Remove pork from Dutch oven and set aside. Place the onions in the Dutch oven and cook until tender, about 4-5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook, stirring constantly, for 60 seconds. Add the pork then pour your chile verde sauce on top. Add enough chicken stock to cover the meat. Taste and re-season with salt, pepper and oregano to taste. *Be careful not to add too much because the chile verde will continue to cook down and concentrate a bit.*
Bring to a boil and reduce to a slight simmer. Cook for 2-3 hours uncovered or until the pork is fork tender.

Submitter: 
dani
Description: 
Mexican pork chili.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
