URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62183565/crockpot-cranberry-apple-herbed-pork-roast/
Title:
Crockpot Cranberry Apple Herbed Pork Roast Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Divided for two dinners (one goes in the freezer)
2-1/2 teaspoons sugar
3/4 teaspoon dried marjoram
3/4 teaspoon rubbed sage
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon celery seed
1/4 teaspoon ground mustard
1/8 teaspoon pepper
2 pounds boneless pork loin roast divided in two
4 Granny Smith Apples (divided in half)
1 1/2 cup dried cranberries (not frozen, it will be tooooo tart!)Craisins (divided in half)
1 pkg stuffing mix (divided in half)
Celery, cooked sausage optional additions that I enjoy

Directions:
Combine the first seven ingredients; rub over roast. Cover and refrigerate for 4 hours or overnight. Cut roast in half, if you want to divide this.
Place (half) herbed roast in the crockpot. Surround with half of the apples and half of the dried cranberries. Cook on high for 3 1/2 hours. Do not open during cooking. After cooking is finished, put stuffing in the crockpot, allowing it to absorb the juices. Cover, and let sit for 5-10 minutes, or until stuffing is soft. If it does not soften, may add boiling water for additional moisture.
Reserve half of the pork loin, apples, and cranberries. Place all in a freezer bag, remove air, and freeze up to 6 months. It is ready for an easy meal, you just need to thaw, cook, add the stuffing!

Submitter: 
The-Baby-Bow-Lady
Description: 
A simple but delicious dinner, with the convenience of a crockpot. A little sweet, and a little spice, and a lot of the tastes of Fall. If I have cooked turkey sausage on hand, I will often mix it into the stuffing. *If you are reading this recipe, note that my portions are for half to be cooked and half to go in the freezer. This is the perfect size for my family with young kids that don't eat a lot!Modified from: Herbed Pork Roast
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
