URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62186717/orange-flavored-springerle-cookies/
Title:
Orange Flavored Springerle Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 tsp hartshorn
1 tbsp milk
(or 1/2 tsp baking powder)
6 lg eggs, room temp
6 c powder sugar, sifted
1/2 c unsalted butter, softened
1/2 tsp salt
1 bottle orange essence
(or 1/2 bottle anise essence, and 1 tsp lemon essence)
2 lb box sifted cake flour (Swansdown or Softasilk)
piece of cheese cloth bundle filled with 2 tsp powder sugar

Directions:
Dissolve hartshor in a milk and set aside fro 30-60 mins.
Place springerle mold or pin in freezer.
Beat eggs until they are very pale and thick. Slowly beat in powdered sugar 2 tblsp at a time. Continue beating on high speed a few mins more, after all sugar has been added. Reduce mixer speed to medium; add butter, hartshorn/milk, salt and orange essence
Sift (and baking powder if NOT using hartshorn) into a bowl. Gradually add in 1/2 c at a time beating as much as can be, then stir/knead in the remaining 2 lbs flour to make a stiff dough.
Divide the dough into 4 disks, wrapped in plastic and refridgerated for 3 hrs, or longer.
On a lightly floured, or powdered sugared dusted surface, roll dough out to 1/4" thick.
Press the dough into the mold firmly. If using the springerle rolling pin, work on a surface lower than kithen counter top so as to not push the dough and stretch the impresions.
With a pastry cutter, cut away the extra dough away from the design, or use the mold to cut along the side.
Transfer the cookies to a cotton or linen cloth placed on an ungreased cookie sheet. Continue to roll until dough is used.
Let unbaked cookies sit in open air, uncovered, for 12 hrs (or more).
Preheat the oven to 275 degrees.
Using a delicate make up brush, carefully brush off excess powdered suagar.
Transfer unbaked cookies on parchment lined cookie sheets sprayed with oil 1" apart.
Bake cookies on the middle rack of the oven, one sheet at time for 18-20 mins. Be careful to not let them overbake, they are to remain white on the top and ever lightly golden on bottom. Remove to cooling racks. After cooled completly, storing them in an airtight container for a week before serving, allowing the flavors to age. The cookies can be stored for a 1 month unrefridgerated.

Submitter: 
Heide F
Description: 
This recipe is the most gernuine using hartshorn as the leavening agent. Baking powder can be used optianally.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
12- 24 hrs
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
70
Nutritional Facts:
NA
