URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62188112/turkey-pot-pie/
Title:
Turkey Pot Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Crust:  1/2 C Shortening, 1 1/2 C Flour, 1/2 Tsp Salt and 1/4 C Water
Pie:
4 tablespoons butter
4 tablespoons flour
1 tsp salt
1/2 tsp pepper
1 tsp sage
1 cup chicken broth
1 cup evaporated milk
4 cups turkey or chicken
2 cans mixed veggies (veg all)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425 Degrees
For crust:  Place flour and salt in bowl and mix with fork.  Add shortening and use fork to cut shortening into flour mixture till it resembles a crumbly mixture.  Add a little water at a time and use fork to cut into mixture.  Bring to a consistency that is not sticky.  Divide into two sections.  I tend to make the bottom section a little bit bigger.  Roll out with rolling pin on a lightly floured surface.  Place into pie dish, and don't worry, this dough will also fit into a deep dish.  If you decide to use the deep dish, make an additional half of a recipe.  Roll top crust and set aside.  You can also use pre-made crusts if you like.
Filling:
Take a non stick pan and add butter and melt it.  While butter is melting, take a little bowl and add flour, salt, pepper, sage and mix together.  When butter is melted add flour mixture and bring to a boil over med high heat.  It will look like a bubbly green paste.  When it comes to a boil add evaporated milk and chicken broth.  Bring to a boil, and it should be thick.  Remove from heat and add chicken and veggies.  Mix together and put into pie crust.  Add top crust and pinch together the two crusts.  By using a sharp knife, cut and X into the middle of pie to vent.  Place into preheated oven and bake for 35-40 minutes.  Let stand for 10 minutes.
I am adding another note because I did not have time to deal with a crust, so I 3X the reciped, I usually make more sauce and put in in a large baking dish.  I then took the Pilsbury Grands refrigerated biscuits, split them in half, lined the top of the filling and baked for 15 minutes with tinfoil on then another 15 with the tinfoil off or until biscuits are browned. YUMMY!

Submitter: 
Kae Hiles
Description: 
This recipe is incredible.  This is great for the turkey left overs after the holidays or you can even use chicken. I put a recipe for crust but you can use whatever one you like.  If you are short on time, store bought is great, too! Hope you enjoy!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 - 20 m
Ready in:
50
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
