URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62190084/tiramisu-layer-cake-ii/
Title:
Tiramisu Layer Cake II Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/297235.jpg
Ingredients:
CAKE:
1 (18.25 ounce) package moist white cake mix
2 teaspoon instant coffee powder
1/2 cup coffee
4 tablespoon coffee flavored liqueur
FILLING:
1 (8 ounce) container mascarpone cheese
1/2 cup confectioners' sugar
4 tablespoons coffee flavored liqueur
FROSTING:
2 cups heavy cream
1/4 cup confectioners' sugar
5 tablespoons coffee flavored liqueur
GARNISH:
2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder
1 (1 ounce) square semisweet chocolate

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour 3 (9 inch) pans.
Prepare the cake mix according to package directions. Pour 1 third of batter into 1 pan.Stir instant coffee into remaining batter; divide into 2 remaining pans.
Bake in the preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Let cool in pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack and cool completely. In a measuring cup, combine brewed coffee and 4 tablespoon coffee liqueur; set aside.
To make the filling:  In a small bowl, using an electric mixer set on low speed, combine mascarpone, 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar and 4 tablespoons coffee liqueur; beat just until smooth. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate.
To make the frosting:  In a medium bowl, using an electric mixer set on medium-high speed, beat the cream, 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar and 5 tablespoons coffee liqueur until stiff. Fold 1/2 cup of cream mixture into filling mixture.
To assemble the cake:   Place one plain cake layer on a serving plate. Using a thin skewer, poke holes in cake, about 1 inch apart. Pour one third of reserved coffee mixture over cake, then spread with half of the filling mixture. Top with coffee-flavored cake layer; poke holes in cake. Pour another third of the coffee mixture over the second layer and spread with the remaining filling. Top with remaining cake layer; poke holes in cake. Pour remaining coffee mixture on top. Spread sides and top of cake with frosting. Place cocoa in a sieve and lightly dust top of cake.  Garnish with chocolate curls.  Refrigerate at least 30 minutes before serving.
To make the chocolate curls, use a vegetable peeler and run it down the edge of the chocolate bar.

Submitter: 
Vanessa
Description: 
Fancy taste without all the work.  This cake is wonderful for a get together or just a special occasion at home.  Using a box cake mix as a base it's a real time saver!Modified from: Tiramisu Layer Cake
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
