URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62192433/slow-cooked-shredded-tri-tip-with-tomatoes/
Title:
Slow Cooked Shredded Tri-Tip with Tomatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 lb. Tri-tip
2 tbls. Olive oil
3/4c. Red wine
1 tsp. Garlic powder
10 Garlic cloves smashed & left whole
1 Yellow onion (large sweet) cut in thin strips
5 Roma tomatoes cut into quarters
1/4c. Italian parsely (flat leaf)
1 1/2c. + 2 tbls. Beef stock
1 tsp. Black pepper
1 Bay leaf
1 tsp. ground Cumin
1 tbls. dried Oregano
2 tbls. Worcestershire sauce
1 tbls. Sugar
2 tsp cornstarch

Directions:
Prep/cut garlic, onions & tomatoes. Set aside in separate prep bowls.
In large pre-heated stainless steel skillet add 1 tbl. oil, and brown both sides of the tri-tip. Remove from pan and place into slow cooker. Pour  1 c. beef stock, and 1 tbls. worcestershire over tri-tip.
Add wine, to skillet, and scrap up all the drippings at the bottom of the pan. Reduce wine to 1/2, then add 1/2 c. beef stock and garlic powder, and simmer for 5 min. Pour out liquid into a separate bowl and set aside.
Add 1 tbls. oil to skillet, add garlic and onions and saute until they are soft - may need to lower heat so that garlic doesn't burn.
Add tomatoes, black pepper, bay leaf, cumin, and oregano to skillet. Saute until tomatoes are soft (approx 5 min.)
Add wine reduction 1 tbls. worcestershire & sugar and parsley to skillet, and work into onion mixture.
Pour mixture into slow cooker over browned tri-tip, and cook on LOW for 8 hrs.
Remove tri-tip and shred. Remove vegetables with slotted spoon and mix into shredded tri-tip. Reserve liquid. If shredded tri-tip seem dry, add a little bit of the reserve liquid.
Make gravy with reserve liquid. Pour liquid into saucepot and bring to a boil. Mix 2 tbls. beef stock with 2 tsp. cornstarch. Slowly add to liquid until desired thickness is achieved.
NOTE: Serve over rice, or in flour tortillas.

Submitter: 
HockeyMom
Description: 
Tri-tip slow cooked with a red wine, tomato stew, and then shredded. Served with either rice, in taco shells, or as a filling for flautas.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min/15 min
Ready in:
8 hrs 45 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
