URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62195787/sweet-potato-cheesecake/
Title:
Sweet Potato Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Crust:
14 ounce bag of Gingersnaps
6 tablespoons butter, melted
Cake:
14 ounce can of yams in light syrup, mashed with fork until it makes ¾ cup
24 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature
8 tablespoons butter, at room temperature
1 cup sugar
3 tablespoons apple cider
¾ teaspoon ginger
¾ teaspoon cinnamon
¾ teaspoon nutmeg
2 tablespoons cream
4 large eggs, at room temperature
Topping:
1 ½ cups sour cream
2 tablespoons sugar
1 ½ tablespoons apple cider

Directions:
To make the crust:  Preheat oven to 350 F.  Butter a 10 ½ inch spring-form pan.  This makes it easier to remove the cake from the pan, but it is not essential (see note).
In a mixing bowl, combine the gingersnap crumbs and melted butter.  Stir to mix well.  Place the crumbs into the bottom and 1 inch up the sides of the prepared pan, tamping down to form an even crust.
Bake at 350 F about 8 minutes until the edges of the crust just start to pick up some color.  Cool completely and reserve.
To make the cake:  Preheat oven to 350 F.  In a mixer with a paddle, combine the cream cheese, butter and sugar and mix until very smooth and well-combined.  Pause to scrape the bowl once or twice.
Add the reserved sweet potato puree and mix to blend.  Add the apple cider, ginger, cinnamon, nutmeg and cream and mix well.  Add the eggs, two at a time, scraping down the bowl between additions and mix just until incorporated and the batter is smooth.
Pour batter into the reserved crust.  Bake at 350 F for 20 minutes.  Turn oven to 325 F and bake an additional 20 minutes.  Turn oven to 300 F and bake an additional 20 minutes.  Turn oven to 225 F and bake until the cake is just set around the edges, yet slightly jiggly in the center.
While the cake is baking, prepare the topping by whisking together the sour cream, sugar and apple cider.  When the cake is done baking, remove it from the over to cool for 5 minutes and turn the oven to 350 F.  Spread the sour creams topping over the baked cheesecake, using a small offset spatula to ensure an even layer.  Bake at 350 F for 5 minutes until the topping is just set.  Remove from the oven.  Gently run a paring knife around the top outer edge of the pan and allow the cake to cool completely.  Sprinkle with nutmeg.

Submitter: 
Aimée Weissman
Description: 
Got this from the Washington Post Express a few years back.  I've made this several times now - it's always a big hit.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min.
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
