URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62193600/chicken-noodle-casserole-with-artichoke-hearts-9x9/
Title:
Chicken Noodle Casserole with Artichoke Hearts (9X9) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tbs butter
3 cloves garlic, minced
3 green onions, sliced
1/2 green pepper, chopped
1 cup thick sliced mushrooms
2 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, (can be pre-cooked)
3 ounces egg noodles
1 (10.75 ounce) can  condensed cream of chicken soup
1/2 cup sour cream
salt to taste
ground black pepper to taste
1 6.5 oz jar of marinated artichoke hearts, drained
1/2 cup panko bread crumbs
2 Tbsp butter

Directions:
Tear up pre-cooked chicken breasts, medium size peices OR Poach chicken in a large pot of simmering water. Cook until no longer pink in center, about 12 minutes. Remove from pot and set aside. Bring chicken cooking water to a boil and cook pasta in it. Drain and set aside. Tear chicken into medium pieces and set aside.
In large skillet, saute mushrooms in the butter and minced garlic for 2-3 minutes, add the green pepper and onion. Saute till warm. Add the chicken, and warm slightly in vegetable mixture. Turn heat off, and add the artichoke hearts.
In a separate bowl, mix together chicken soup and sour cream.  Season with salt and pepper, and any other preferred seasoning. Gently stir together cream soup mixture with the vegetable/chicken mixture and then stir in noodles. Place in a 9 x 9 square baking dish.
Melt butter in a small saucepan, and remove from heat. Stir in panko crumbs or crumbled crackers. Top casserole with the crumbs.
Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for about 30 minutes, until heated through and browned on top.

Submitter: 
Kathy Boswell
Description: 
Modified simple chicken and noodle casserole to include mushrooms, and artichoke hearts in a cream of chicken soup, sour cream and tender egg noodles. Panko or cracker crumbs sauteed in butter makes a deliciously crunchy topping.Modified from: Chicken Noodle Casserole I
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
