URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62195621/pumpkin-brioche/
Title:
PUMPKIN BRIOCHE Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/306230.jpg
Ingredients:
3 T warm water (105 to 115 degrees F)
1 T (1 package) active dry yeast
Pinch of sugar
1 cup fresh or canned pumpkin puree
3 3/4 cups unbleached all-purpose flour
1/2 cup packed light brown sugar
1 tsp salt
1 tsp ground cinnamon
1/2 tsp grated nutmeg
1/2 tsp allspice
4 large eggs Plus 1 egg for the wash.
1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter at room temperature, cut into small pieces
Egg wash: 1 egg yolk whisked with 1 T milk

Directions:
Pour warm water in a small bowl. Sprinkle the yeast and pinch of sugar over water. Stir to dissolve and let stand at room temperature until foamy, about 10 minutes.
In large bowl using a whisk or in the work bowl of a heavy-duty stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, combine the pumpkin, 1 cup of the flour, sugar, salt and spices. Add the yeast mixture and beat until smooth.
Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Gradually add 2 cups more flour. Add the butter a few pieces at a time and beat until incorporated. Add 3/4 cup more flour and beat until creamy. The dough with be soft, sticky and batter-like.
Scrape the dough into a greased deep container. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise at a cool room temperature until doubled or tripled in bulk, about 3 hours. Gently deflate the dough and cover it tightly with plastic. Refrigerate overnight.
Gently deflate dough. Turn out onto floured surface, flour your hands and gently form into a large ball. Pat into a flat circle shape large enough for the dough to be divided into 8 equally sized pieces. Cut into 8 pieces. then shape each piece into a ball and place in a lightly greased loaf pan in two rows of four. Brush the dough lightly with egg wash, cover with plastic wrap, and let rise at a cool room temperature until doubled in bulk.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Place the pan on a rack in the center of the oven and bake for 20 minutes . Reduce the thermostat to 350 degrees and bake 10-15 minutes more, or until the loaf is browned, slightly crisp and has a hollow sound when tapped. Remove from oven and cool in the pan for 10 minutes, then remove from pan and cool completely on a wire rack before slicing and serving.

Submitter: 
apurpleocean
Description: 
THIS BREAD IS SO GOOD AND PERFECT FOR THE HOLIDAYS.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
approx. 24 hrs
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
