URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62197021/mandarin-baklava/
Title:
Mandarin Baklava Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/301165.jpg
Ingredients:
1 package Phyllo Dough
1 cup finely chopped walnuts
3 mandarin oranges, peeled, chopped, and drained
1/3 cup butter, melted
1 cup finely chopped walnuts
¼ teaspoon ground cinnamon
2 tablespoons sugar
Sauce:
Juice of 3 mandarin oranges
1/3 cup honey
1” of vanilla bean
Zest of one mandarin
2/3 cup Snow’s Citrus Court Mandarin Orange Syrup and Desert Topping

Directions:
Prepare sauce: In a small sauce pan, combine the sauce ingredients, except for the Snow’s Citrus Court Syrup. Before adding the vanilla bean, slice it down the middle and scrape out the contents with a knife. Add this, plus the bean to the pan.  Simmer over medium heat for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.  Place the sauce in the refrigerator to cool.
Butter an 11” x 7” baking pan. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees.
Mix the walnuts with the sugar and cinnamon. Set aside.
Layer the ingredients: The dough sheets should be the same size as the pan. Place 2 layers of phyllo dough in the pan. Use a pastry brush to evenly coat dough with melted butter. Repeat 3 more times. You should have 8 total sheets. The top sheet should also be buttered. Using half the walnut mixture, spread an even layer over the dough. Add two more sheets of phyllo, and brush with butter. Spread the chopped mandarins evenly over the phyllo. Sprinkle the remaining walnut mixture evenly over the top. Top with 6 more sheets of phyllo dough, buttering every second sheet, as before. The top sheet should be buttered.
Cut the baklava into triangles, cutting almost but not completely to the bottom.
Bake for 50 minutes.
Remove the sauce from the refrigerator. Remove the vanilla bean, and stir in the Snow’s Citrus Court Syrup.  Pour the sauce evenly over the hot baklava.
When the baklava has cooled, cut completely and serve.

Submitter: 
Nyki
Description: 
Crispy, delicious baklava, flavored with fresh mandarin oranges.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
