URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62195510/orange-curried-turkey-roulade-with-goat-cheese-spinach/
Title:
Orange-Curried Turkey Roulade with Goat Cheese & Spinach Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/300380.jpg
Ingredients:
2 boneless skinless turkey breast halves
1 tbsp. red curry powder
2.5 Oz goat’s cheese (about 1/3 cup finely crumbled)
1/2 cup baby spinach, rinsed and dried
2 tsp. orange marmalade
4 8” pieces of cooking twine
kosher salt

Directions:
Preheat your oven to 375°F and place the top rack in the middle position. Line a baking sheet with foil or a non-slip baking mat.
Working one at a time, place each turkey breast between two sheets of plastic wrap.  Using a meat mallet or the bottom of a heavy skillet, pound the breast until it is uniformly thick.  Be careful not to accidentally rip through the meat.  If you’ve had a long day, this step can be very therapeutic.
Generously salt both sides of the breast.  Then, coat each side with curry powder.  Lay the breast flat-side down and top with 1/2 of the goat cheese, pressing the cheese into the meat to help it stick.  Then, top the goat’s cheese with half of the spinach.
Roll the breast into a log, starting with the narrow end.  Tie the roulade (rolled meat) in two places using lengths of twine.  Repeat for the remaining turkey breast.
Finally, rub the outside of each roulade with 1 tsp. of orange marmalade.  Place on the lined baking sheet and bake for 45-55 minutes, or until a thermometer inserted into the center of the roulade reads 160°F.  Let rest for 5 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Seattle Food Geek
Description: 
My goal of having 6-pack abs for my honeymoon apparently won’t be met by reducing my intake of foie gras and pork belly alone.  In an effort to trick myself into eating healthier, I’ve been experimenting with other white meats.  Usually, I think turkey is pretty bland.  However, this recipe was so shockingly tasty that it made me forget I was even trying to cook “lite”.  The pungent flavors of the curry and orange marmalade transform plain turkey into a dish I would even serve for company.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
