URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62194368/steak-and-red-wine-pie-with-mushrooms-vegetables/
Title:
Steak and Red Wine Pie with Mushrooms & Vegetables Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/4 pounds cubed chuck roast
1 onion, diced
2 cloves garlic
1 cup red wine
1 cup beef broth
2 cloves garlic, minced
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme
1 bay leaf
1 1/2 teaspoons chopped fresh parsley
salt and pepper to taste
2 cups peeled and cubed potatoes
1 1/2 cups quartered fresh mushrooms
1 tablespoon all-purpose flour
1 pastry for double-crust pie

Directions:
Dredge the beef in flour and set aside.
Boil the potatoes til cooked but still firm and set aside.
Saute the onion, and garlic in a large saucepan with a tbsp of oil.  Add the meat and brown. THen add the heated wine, beef broth and chopped carrots and simmer over low heat until the meat is tender, about 45 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Taste and season the beef as needed with garlic, thyme, parsley, , salt and pepper. Mix in the potatoes, peas and mushrooms. Cover and simmer over medium heat until potatoes are just tender enough to pierce with a fork, 10 to 15 minutes. Whisk a small amount of the sauce together with the flour in a small bowl, and stir into the beef. Simmer until slightly thickened.
Fit one pie crust into the bottom and up the sides of a 9 inch pie plate. Spoon the hot beef mixture into the crust and top with the remaining pie crust. Cut slits in the top crust to vent steam and crimp the edges to seal them together.
Bake in preheated oven until the crust is golden brown and gravy is bubbling, 35 to 40 minutes.

Submitter: 
Frenchy
Description: 
Beef, mushrooms & vegetables simmer in a rich wine  sauce before going into a flakey, flavorful pie to serve on a cold winter evening.  Serve with fresh salad for a wonderful meal.Modified from: Steak and Ale Pie with Mushrooms
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 h  55 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
