URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62192149/dutch-kroketten/
Title:
Dutch Kroketten Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb beef
1 onion, finely chopped
3 tbsp butter
1/2 cup white wine
2 sprigs fresh parsley
1 clove
3/4 tsp thyme
1 piece mace
2 bay leaves
1 pinch lemon zest
2 cups water
50 g butter
40 g flour ( 1.5 oz)
3 eggs
4 cups bread crumbs

Directions:
Season the veal or beef with salt and pepper. Melt 3 tablespoons of butter in a large frying pan. Put in the meat, add the wine, the onion, parsley, clove, thyme, mace, bay leaves, and lemon peel and water. Bring to a boil, then turn down the heat and let it simmer for 45 minutes to an hour. The meat should be tender.
Remove the meat and finely chop or cut into small pieces. Strain and keep the stock.
Melt 50 grams of butter in the frying pan, stir in the flour and keep stirring for a few minutes on low heat. Slowly and gradually add the stock and cook over moderate heat, stirring until the sauce is smooth and thick. Add more flour, or corn starch (maizena) or dissolved gelatin if necessary. Add 3 egg yolks (set the whites aside to use later).
Add the veal, beef, chicken or turkey, season more, if needed. Stir well. The mix should be thick and stiff by this time.
Set the mix aside to cool thoroughly. When ready, cut or separate the stiff, thick mix into rolls of about 5cm (2”) thick and about 8cm (3”) long.
On a chopping board spread out the crumbs or crumbed rusks. In a deep plate slightly beat the egg whites.
Roll the croquettes through the breadcrumbs, then through the egg whites and again through the crumbs. Make sure that the second crumbs coating is even and thick and no meat mix sticks out (this could make the croquettes burst when deep fried).
Deep fry the croquettes four or so at a time for about 4 minutes, until they are golden brown. Drain them on absorbent paper.

Submitter: 
lorvan
Description: 
Handmade Kroketten (Croquettes)! A recipe from a true dutchie.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 hr
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
