URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62192564/worlds-best-biscuits/
Title:
World's Best Biscuits Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup butter or margarine
2 cups all-purpose flour
1 TBS sugar
3 tsp baking pwder
1 tsp salt
3/4 cup milk
If you want to take your biscuits up another notch, try adding basil or dill weed, 2 tsp of fresh, chopped herb or use 3/4 tsp dried herbs. You can add 1/2 cup shredded cheese.

Directions:
Heat oven to 450*.
Sift together flour, sugar, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Add COLD butter or margarine and cut into flour mixture with pastry blender or two dinner knives, or use your hands. until mixture looks like fine crumbs.
Stir in COLD milk until dough leaves the side of the bowl. Dough will be soft and a bit sticky.
Turn dough out onto floured surface. Knead dough lightly 8 to 10 times. NO MORE THAN THAT. Pat out into a circle 1/2 inch thick. Cut with a floured bsicuit cutter. If you don't have a small biscuit cutter you can use a small glass. Place on ungreased baking sheet with sides touching for soft sides and about 1 inch apart for crusty sides.
Bake 10 to 12 minutes or until golden brown. Immediately remove from baking sheet or they will continue to bake.
If you are using self-rising flour, you can omit the baking powder and the salt.

Submitter: 
Kitten
Description: 
I decided to enter some things in the Western Idaho State Fair and I tried and worked and worked and finally came up with this biscuit recipe. It won second place at the Fair. They're tall and so light they feel like you aren't holding anything and the inside is as light and airy as a loaf of fresh hot baked bread.If you are looking for an awesome biscuit recipe, this is it. And, I was pretty proud of second place. While I was hunting for the best recipe my poor husband, ended up having to eat so many biscuits I thought, for sure, he was going to turn into a biscuit.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
