URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62197426/roasted-turkey-navy-style/
Title:
Roasted Turkey-Navy Style Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
18 lb turkey thawed completely
10 oz cold butter, diced
3 tablespoon fresh thyme
3 tablespoon fresh sage
2 bay leaves
1 pound baby carrots whole
2 large yellow onion roughly chopped
3 stalks celery roughly chopped
1 whole bloom of garlic cut in half
1 750ml bottle of chilled Chardonnay
Salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F
Clean in insides of the turkey in a sink under cold running water. Remove all giblets, livers, and neck. Pat the turkey dry with paper towels.
Place on the roasting rack.
Using the butter, carefully lift the skin from the breast of the bird and push the cubed butter under the skin of the turkey's breast. Making sure to keep the placement as even as possible. Use some tooth picks to secure the skin to the breast meat when finished.
In a separate bowl combine the vegetables, seasonings, salt and pepper. Stuff the cavity of the turkey with the vegetable mixture. Holding the turkey upright in the roasting pan uncork the wine and pour the entire contents into the cavity of the bird and into the bottom of the pan. Any remaining vegetable mixture can also go into the bottom of the roasting pan. Truss the bird if desired.
Cover the bird with foil and place into the oven. Cook covered for approx 7 hours or until the minimum internal temperature is at least 185 degrees F. Remove from the oven and remove the foil. Place back into the oven for an additional 25 to 30 minutes, or until the skin turns golden brown and crispy. Remove from oven and let rest in its juices for at least 5 minutes before carving. The veggies inside can be served as an additional vegetable or reserved for making the gravy.

Submitter: 
JJChefMEM
Description: 
I was stationed overseas in Japan for thanksgiving one year with no way to come home for the holidays. So I got 10 friends together and we had thanksgiving at my place. I had never done turkey before, my first time ended up being the best I've ever had. Hope you think so too.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
8 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
