URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62209923/white-chocolate-raspberry-cheesecake/
Title:
White Chocolate Raspberry Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
•	1 ½ cups chocolate cookie crumbs
•	1/4 cup butter, melted
•	2 1/4 cups white chocolate chips
•	1/2 cup half-and-half cream
•	3 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese, softened
•	1/2 cup white sugar
•	3 eggs
•	1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Raspberry Sauce
•	1 Jar Raspberry Polaner All Fruit
•	1/4 cup Ketel One Citroen Vodka
•	2 Tbsp Water
•	2 Tbsp Sugar
•	1 pint raspberries

Directions:
1.	In a medium bowl, mix together cookie crumbs and melted butter. Press mixture into the bottom of a 9 inch springform pan. Place in freezer until needed.
2.	In a saucepan, combine raspberries, All Fruit,vodka, 2 tablespoons sugar. Bring to boil, and continue boiling 5 minutes, or until sauce is thick. Strain sauce through a mesh strainer to remove seeds. Set aside.
3.	Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). In a metal bowl over a pan of simmering water, melt white chocolate chips with half-and-half, stirring occasionally until smooth.
4.	In a large bowl, mix together cream cheese and 1/2 cup sugar until smooth. Beat in eggs one at a time. Blend in vanilla and melted white chocolate. Pour half of batter over crust. Spoon 4 tablespoons raspberry sauce over batter. Pour remaining cheesecake batter into pan, and again spoon 3 tablespoons raspberry sauce over the top. Swirl batter with the tip of a knife to create a marbled effect.
5.	Place in oven over a pan of water. Bake for 55 to 60 minutes, or until filling is set. Crack oven door, and cool in stove for 8 hours (overnight). Cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until ready to serve. Serve with remaining sauce, whipped cream, and white chocolate curls.

Submitter: 
grneyedmustang
Description: 
This cake is similar to that served at many restaurants. Very rich and divine!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 min
Ready in:
10 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
