URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62207384/nickys-sauerkraut-soup/
Title:
Nicky's Sauerkraut Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Olive Oil
1 large onion cut in half then sliced
2 stalks celery, finely chopped
2 cloves garlic, minced
32 oz. Sauerkraut, drained, rinsed and squeezed dry
1 cup of sliced carrots
6 small to med. sized red new potatoes skin on, cut into chunks
8 cups of either chicken stock or vegatable stock**see footnote
1 can of beer
1 Tbls. paprika
1 tsp. caraway seeds
3/4 pound of pork stew meat
3/4 pound Kielbasa sausage, diced
Cooking Sherry (optional)
Salt and Pepper to taste

Directions:
In a large stock pot, heat some olive oil over medium heat, add onions, celery and garlic and cook until tender, stirring often. Next add the sauerkraut and continue cooking about another 3 or 4 minutes. Now add the stock, potatoes, carrots, beer, paprika and caraway seeds and mix well. While the soup is simmering, add a little olive oil to a frying pan and quickly brown the pork meat. Add this meat to the soup, stir well and let simmer for about an hour or until the veggies are tender. Next in a large skillet, fry the kielbasa until nicely browned and carmalized. Add the sausage to the soup stirring well. Deglaze the pan with a little bit of cooking sherry or chicken stock scraping up the brown bits from the sausage and add this to the soup. Add salt and pepper to taste.

Submitter: 
Nicky
Description: 
After tasting a neighborhood restaraunts version of sauerkraut soup for the first time, I was hooked and went on a mission to create my own recipe. After trying a lot of different variations, I finally came up with what I think is the best. I'm always asked for this recipe so I thought I would share it with all of you. It's especially wonderful on a cold, winter day. Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
