URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62204988/christine-ms-philadelphia-new-york-cheesecake/
Title:
Christine M's PHILADELPHIA New York Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/4 cups HONEY MAID Graham Cracker Crumbs
1/4 cup butter, melted
1 1/2 tbsp, sugar
5 (250 g) packages PHILADELPHIA Brick Cream Cheese, softened
1 cup sugar
3 tablespoons flour
1 1/2 tsp vanilla extract
1 1/2 tsp. orange extract
1 cup sour cream
4 eggs
Strawberry Sauce or Glaze

Directions:
Heat oven to 325 degrees F if using a silver 9 inch springform pan (or to 300 degrees F if using a dark nonstick 9-inch springform pan).  Lightly grease the sides of the springform pan with butter or cooking spray. (Helps to prevent cracking)
Mix crumbs, sugar and butter; press firmly onto bottom of pan. Bake 10 minutes.  Let cool while mixing other ingredients.
Beat cream cheese, sugar, flour and vanilla in large bowl with electric mixer on medium speed until well blended. Add sour cream; mix well. Add eggs, one at a time, mixing on low speed after each addition just until blended. Pour over crust.
Bake 1 hour 10 minutes or until center is almost set. I like to place a pan of water on the rack beneath the rack holding the cheesecake (as opposed to a traditional water bath where the pan is sitting in the water)
Shut off oven and let cheesecake cool gradually - as oven cools, you can even leave oven door ajar a bit.  Run knife or metal spatula around rim of pan to loosen cake; cool before removing rim of pan. Refrigerate 4 hours or overnight. Top with glaze before serving or serving with strawberry sauce on the side.  Store leftover cheesecake in refrigerator.

Submitter: 
ChristineM
Description: 
I add a little sugar to the crust, and I like to replace half the vanilla with orange extract.  We also prefer to serve with strawberry sauce (there's a nice one here on AR that uses orange juice, which compliments the slight orange flavor of the cheesecake nicely!)  I've also done this in a 10 pan - in a 9 the cheesecake will be very thick.Modified from: PHILADELPHIA New York Cheesecake III
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
5 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
