URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62207262/beef-bourguignonne-adapted-from-julia-childs-mastering-the-art-of-french-cooking/
Title:
Beef Bourguignonne, adapted from Julia Child's Mastering the Art of French Cooking Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/4 package of sliced bacon
3 pounds of lean stewing beef, cut into 2" cubes
1 carrot, peeled and sliced
1 onion, peeled and sliced
2 Tbs flour
3 cups of full-bodied red wine (cheap is OK)
2 - 3 cups of beef stock, either canned or made with "Better than Bouillon"
2 Tbs minced garlic
1 Tbs tomato paste
1/2 tsp thyme
1 bay leaf
18-24 small white onions, peeled
1 pound fresh mushrooms, quartered
1 Tbs butter

Directions:
Pre-heat oven to 325 degrees.
Saute bacon in a large flat skillet (at least 9-10" in diameter and 3" deep) until crisp and remove from pan for another use.  Remove all but 1 Tbs of bacon grease from pan.
Brown 1/3 - 1/2 of beef cubes at a time, each with 1 Tbs of bacon grease.  Do not crowd the beef - it should have enough room to get well-browned on each side.  Set beef aside.
Brown carrots and chopped onion in 1-2 tsp of bacon grease.  Saute until well softened.
Return the beef to the skillet and sprinkle in the flour, tossing lightly to coat the beef.
Stir in the wine and enough stock or bouillon so that the meat is barely covered.  Add tomato paste, garlic and herbs.  Bring to a simmer on the stove, and then cover and set in lower 1/3 of pre-heated oven.  Check heat level after 20 minutes - the beef should be cooking at a low simmer; if not, adjust heat accordingly.  Cook for 2-1/2 - 3 hours, or until a fork can easily pierce the meat.
While beef is cooking, peel onions (blanch for 10 seconds, rinse in cold water and peel skins off), and clean and quarter mushrooms.  Saute mushrooms in 1 Tbs butter.
When beef is done cooking, remove bayleaf and add mushrooms and onions.  Return to stove and heat through.
May be served immediately, but best if left overnight and served a day or two later.

Submitter: 
Chris D. Williams
Description: 
This is a slightly simplified version of Julia Child's Beef Bourguignonne recipe.  A wonderful dish for entertaining, because it can and should be prepared entirely in advance, it's also great to make over the weekend and serve on a busy weeknight.  Serve with noodles, rice, wild rice or roasted potatoes.  Also good with a crusty loaf of french bread.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
