URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62201859/pastelon-de-platano-maduro-dominican-style-yellow-plantain-pie/
Title:
Pastelon de platano maduro (Dominican style) [Yellow plantain pie] Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/304126.jpg
Ingredients:
10 plantains
4 tablespoons of butter
1/2 cup of milk
1/2 teaspoon of salt
1/2 lb. of shredded or sliced cheddar cheese (or another cheese of your preference)
Filling
1 lb of ground beef (or any of your choice)
1 yellow onion
1 tablespoon of canola oil, or as preferred
1 green bell pepper
1 teaspoon of crushed garlic
1/2 chicken bullion cube
1/2 cup of tomato sauce or 2 tablespoons of tomato paste dissolved in 1/2 cup of water
Optional: You can dried cranberries or raisins to the meat, once cooked with the seasonings.

Directions:
Peel the plantains and boil them with the salt. Do not cover the pot. Put enough water to cover the plantains. When the plantains are turning of a darker yellow, put one extra cup of water and allow to boil again. For the plantains to be well done, you should allow about 15 mins. total. Once done,  mash them adding the milk and the butter. Set aside.
To prepare the filling with ground beef: In a nonstick saucepan or skillet at medium heat, add the oil and let warm (not steaming hot). Add the meat, onion, crushed garlic, bell pepper, chicken buillion and tomato sauce or dissolved tomato paste. You may need to add a few tablespoons of water if it dries out while cooking. Let stand once finished.
Take an oven-safe container and spray it with non-stick cooking spray. Then, pour half of the mashed plantains and even out (flatten) in the container. Now you'll need to pour the meat, all of it, and spread it on top of the mashed plantains.
Place as many slices of cheese or as much shredded cheese as preferred on top of the meat.
Cover the meat with the rest of the mashed plantains.
You can add more cheese to the very top of the pie.
Place the pie in the oven for 10 minutes at 200 degrees.

Submitter: 
Mirelly
Description: 
This is a typical dish from the Dominican Republic. It can be used as the main dish, with a salad on the side. You can also have it as a side. It's a healthy and delicious meal.
It's an easy to make recipe. Enjoy it!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
