URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62203789/dutch-beef-croquettes/
Title:
Dutch Beef Croquettes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8 lbs uncooked beef roast (any cut will do the cheaper cuts work just as well)
8 cups beef broth
1 tablespoon Nutmeg
Salt and Pepper to taste
1 Stick of butter
12 tablespoons of flour
6 Cups of the Beef Broth from the Roast
1 teaspoon of Nutmeg
Salt and Pepper to taste
6 dashes of Maggi Seasoning
3 Cups Plain Bread Crumbs (may need more)
6 Eggs Beaten with a dash of Milk

Directions:
Place the roast in a roaster or roasting pan with the broth and spices.  Cook for 6 hours at 325 degrees.  Let the roast cool down and shred it apart with your fingers discarding any fatty deposits.
Put the butter in a large pot over medium heat and let the butter melt.  Add the flour until it forms a ball.  Cook a few minutes longer to get the flour taste out.  Add the leftover broth to the mixture slowly until there are no lumps and the mixture is very thick.  Add the spices and the shredded meat into the mixture.  Let cool.
This next step you can do many ways.  Some say to spread it on a sheet pan and let cool in the refrigerator.  I have tried it many different ways and I personally use wax paper and place some of the mixture at one end and roll it up into a tube.  Pressing it to make sure it makes a tube with no air pockets.  I place it on a sheet pan and freeze it overnight.
The next day i get my bread crumbs and egg mixture ready and take the wax paper off slice the tubes about 3 incehes long and place them in the egg mixture, bread crumbs, egg mixture again and then the bread crumbs again packing it well with my hands.  Place them on a cookie sheet or wire rack to dry and put them in freezer bags.
To cook them, place them in hot vegetable oil for 8 minutes until golden brown and enjoy.

Submitter: 
Linda Davis Womble
Description: 
These delicious deli treats are what you take out with some french fries in Holland.  My family loves them and I have finally perfected the taste after years of practice.  I know its a lengthy process to make but well worth it in the end.  I make these in bulk so that I can freeze them and make them when I want or crave some.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 d
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
30
Nutritional Facts:
NA
