URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62209818/osso-bucco/
Title:
Osso Bucco Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/308678.jpg
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons EVOO – Extra Virgin Olive Oil
4-6 pieces veal osso bucco shanks, 1 per adult portion, tied with kitchen string
Salt and pepper
1 large carrot, peeled and chopped
2-3 small ribs celery and leafy tops, chopped
1 onion, chopped
1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds
5 cloves garlic, finely chopped
2 large fresh bay leaves
2 tablespoons fresh thyme, chopped, 5-6 stems
2 tablespoons finely fresh rosemary, chopped, a couple of sprigs
2 tablespoons tomato paste
2 tablespoons flour
1 cup dry white wine
2 cups chicken stock
1 pinch saffron threads
1 15-ounce can diced tomatoes, in juice
1 orange
A couple of pinches red pepper flakes
1 lemon
1/4 cup flat leaf parsley leaves
1/4 toasted pistachio nuts or pine nuts, finely chopped or processed into crumbs
Crusty bread for mopping

Directions:
Heat oven to 375°F.
Heat 2 tablespoons EVOO, two turns of the pan, in large, heavy Dutch oven over medium-high to high heat.
Season the shanks with salt and pepper and brown all over, turning occasionally, 12-15 minutes. Remove the meat to a large plate.
Add carrot, celery and onion to the pot and stir 3-4 minutes.
Then add in fennel, 4 cloves of garlic, bay leaves, thyme, rosemary, salt and pepper and stir a minute more.
Sprinkle flour over the vegetables and stir a minute more.
Add wine and deglaze the pot, scraping and stirring for 1 minute.
Stir in the chicken stock, red pepper flakes, saffron then the tomatoes.
Reserve the zest of an orange and add its juice to the sauce.
Scrape down pot and settle meat into pot. Cover and transfer to oven. Cook 2 hours, turning the meat once about mid-way through the cook time.
When the meat is about ready to come out of the oven, combine orange zest on board with zest of 1 lemon. Finely chop the parsley and combine with remaining finely chopped garlic, zest and chopped or processed nuts.

Submitter: 
Milly Suazo-Martinez
Description: 
This was featured on the Rachael Ray Show and I have always wanted to have this recipe
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
