URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62208181/chocolate-noodles-with-champagne-cream-sauce/
Title:
Chocolate Noodles with Champagne Cream Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/307803.jpg
Ingredients:
Pasta
1 3/4 c Flour
1/4 c Cocoa powder
2 Egg
4 T Water
Champagne Cream Sauce
6 Egg yolk
1 c Sugar
1 1/2 c Champagne

Directions:
For Noodles
Mix flour and cocoa well
Mound on your work surface or in a large bowl.
Make a deep well in the center of the mound and break the eggs  into it.
Beat the eggs with a fork, adding about 2 Tbsp water.
Using a circular motion, draw the flour and cocoa into the center.
Toss in another Tbsp of Water. Stir with your fork until all the flour is moistened.
Add a little more water as needed (after a while your going to need to mix the dough by hand)
Pat the dough into a ball.
Clean off your work surface, and flour it (wax paper works great)
knead the dough for about 10 minutes, or until the dough becomes silky and elastic.
Cover the dough and let it rest for half an hour, this will allow the gluten to develop
Roll out 1/4 of the dough at a time, a pasta machine works best for this! (the more you fold the pasta and feed it through the pasta machine the more tender the pasta will be)
when pasta is done, lay it out on a sheet tray and allow it to dry out.
then boil it in water just like any other pasta!
Cream Sauce
Champagne Cream Sauce:
Combine yolks and sugar over a double-boiler
Whisk constantly for about 10 minutes, until the mixture begins to thicken.
Before it turns to a thick custard, pour in the room-temperature champagne all at once.
As it foams up, whisk lightly, and continue to stir as it thickens.
Remove from heat.

Submitter: 
AMANDA
Description: 
This chocolate pasta tastes amazing with ice cream and a warm fudge sauce, or you can go the extra mile and make the cream sauce! Either way, this recipe is sure to turn heads and please a crowd
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
50 min
Number of servings: 
30
Nutritional Facts:
NA
