URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62208687/hot-and-sour-soup-suan-la-tang--northern-china-style/
Title:
Hot and Sour Soup (Suan La Tang)--Northern China Style Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/314305.jpg
Ingredients:
Half a box of soft tofu
5 to 6 Fungus "Wood Ears" (Chinese name: mu er)
2 small pieces of bamboo shoot--cut them into thin slices, it should be the same amount as the fungus
1 1/2 cup chicken stock
1 1/2 cup water
3T Vinegar
1t Salt
1/2t Sugar
1/2t White pepper powder
3T corn starch mix with 3T water
1/4t sesame oil
1 egg

Directions:
Preparation:
1) Soak the fungus for at least 30 minutes until it becomes soft, then cut into small thin pieces as shown in the picture
2) Cut the tofu into thin pieces
3) Boil a moderate amount of water, bring to a boil, then put in the bamboo shoots for about 1 minute. Drain out the water.
4) Beat one egg, and mix it with about 1T water.
Put chicken stock and water in a pot, bring it to boil. Then put in fungus and bamboo shoot.Stir evenly.
Put in the Tofu and very gently stir the soup, so that you don't break the tofu.
Boil for 3 minutes, then put it vinegar, sugar, salt, and white pepper. Gently stir the soup again so that the ingredients will be evenly mixed with the broth.
Mix the corn starch with water, and pour it into the soup. Gently stir the soup until it is thickened. (You may add more corn starch with water if you like, it depends how thick you want to soup to be)
Turn the stove to high heat, and wait until the soup is boiling.
Pour the egg into the soup. Stir the soup again.
Add 1/2t sesame oil to the soup.You are ready to serve. You may add some finely chopped green onions on top as garnish!
NOTE:
1)Why do you need to run the  bamboo shoots through boiling water first?
All the bamboo shoots we have here are either canned or in a bag. It helps to get rid of the any possible chemical preservatives. Or you can run the bamboo shoot under really hot water.
2)Save one teaspoon vinegar until the very end when the soup is done. (Or add one more teaspoon of vinegar after you turn off the stove).

Submitter: 
Tao,RN
Description: 
There are actually two different styles of hot and sour soup. One is a Northern China style, which usually looks white. The other is a Southern China style, which is usually looks red. What makes it hot in the Northern one is white pepper powder. What makes the Southern one hot is bean sauce. The one I am sharing today is the Northern China style, as white pepper powder is probably the best thing to warm you up in a winter day! I will make a Southern one sometime this weekend or coming week. So please stay tuned.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
