URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62205704/a-guilt-free-chicken-divan/
Title:
A Guilt-Free Chicken Divan Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/306337.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 pound broccoli
12 oz cooked chicken breast, sliced or cubed
8 oz mushrooms, sliced
1 tsp olive oil, plus a spray
1 1/2 Tbsp all-purpose flour
1 cup canned chicken broth
1/2 tsp fresh lemon juice
1/4 cup buttermilk
1 large egg yolk
1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1 Tbsp Panko or other plain breadcrumb
1 tsp black pepper, to taste
1 tsp table salt, to taste

Directions:
1. Spray a shallow, rectangular, glass or ceramic baking dish with olive oil.
2. Trim and peel the stems of the broccoli, slice along their length into spears, as shown in the photo. Boil, microwave or steam the broccoli spears until just tender and bright green. Put the broccoli spears in the baking dish in alternating rows so that the florets are positioned along the long side of the baking dish.
3. Place the sliced chicken on top of the broccoli.
4. In a skillet, saute the mushrooms on medium heat until lightly browned. Sprinkle the mushrooms on top of the chicken. Retain the drippings.
5. On medium heat in the same skillet used to saute the mushrooms, whisk flour into the remaining drippings and saute for approximately 1-2 minutes until golden. If there isn't enough of the drippings, add and melt a little low-fat butter before adding the flour. Gradually add the broth and lemon juice, continuously whisking as you do, until the sauce is smooth and thick.
6. Place the egg yolk in a small bowl and whisk the buttermilk into the yolk. Very gradually add the egg yolk mixture to the sauce whisking well as you do. Remove skillet from the heat and add grated cheese, stirring well until melted and well incorporated. Add salt and pepper to taste.
7. Drizzle the sauce on the chicken. Top with bread crumbs or panko.
8. Bake at 350 degrees for approximately 20 minutes until the topping is lightly browned and the broccoli tender.

Submitter: 
Scott Koeneman
Description: 
I lightened up this recipe by Modern Comfort Food. You will be scraping the sauce from the dish!Modified from: Guilt-Free Chicken Divan
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
