URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62203865/cranberry-dinner-rolls/
Title:
Cranberry Dinner Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/305466.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup warm milk (110 F)
1 Tbsp honey
1 pkg (2 1/4 tsp) active dry yeast
2 - 2 1/2 cups bread flour
1 tsp salt
1 Tbsp melted butter
3/4 cup dried cranberries
1 egg yolk
2 Tbsp water

Directions:
Stir honey and then yeast into the warm milk, and let it sit until it begins to foam. (This is called proofing the yeast, to make sure the yeast is good.)
Meanwhile, stir the salt into 2 cups of the bread flour in a large bowl. Stir in the foamy yeast mixture and the melted butter. Gradually stir in enough of the other 1/2 cup of flour to make the dough pull away from the sides of the bowl.
Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic, about 5 minutes. Place the dough in a lightly oiled bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and let rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour.
Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and flatten slightly. Knead in the cranberries and let it rest, covered with the wrap, for 10 minutes.
Grease a cookie sheet or line it with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat. Divide the dough into 8 (sandwich size) or 12 (dinner roll size) equal portions. Shape each into a ball and place on the prepared cookie sheet. Cover with a clean dish towel and let rise for 30 minutes while the oven preheats to 375 F.
Beat the egg yolk and water together with a fork and gently brush the rolls with this mixture. Bake for about 18-20 minutes, until they turn a rich, golden brown.

Submitter: 
JLANAM
Description: 
These rolls are great with a turkey dinner, or as a sandwich piled high with hot turkey and gravy leftovers. Enjoy them fresh out of the oven or toasted the next day for breakfast.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h and 40 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
