URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62202438/sticky-rice-nuo-mi-ji--cantonese-style-dim-sum/
Title:
Sticky Rice (Nuo Mi Ji)--Cantonese style Dim Sum Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/304540.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups Sticky Rice
5 Chinese dried mushrooms
1 Chinese style sausage
10 Dried Shrimps
2 small chicken drumsticks
3 cloves of garlic
3 lotus leaves

Directions:
Preparation:
1) Cut the chicken drumsticks into small pieces, marinate with soy sauce overnight. Soak the sticky  rice over night, soak the lotus leaves for at least 2 hours. Soak the mushrooms for at least one hour.
2) Drain the water from the sticky rice and steam for one hour.
3) Cut the Chinese sausage into small pieces and stir fry in a frying pan until some oil comes out. Discard the oil and transfer the sausage to a plate.
4) Cut the mushrooms into small slices and stir fry in the frying pan. Add 1/3 of the mushroom water to the pan and cook until the liquid is gone. Repeat until all the water is gone. Add 1t salt and transfer the mushrooms into a bowl.
5) Chop the garlic finely.
6) Heat up a pan until you can feel the heat above the pan. Put in the garlic, stirfry for about 30 seconds then put in the chicken. Stir fry until it is completely cooked.
7) Mix the chicken with the rice.
8) Cut the lotus leaves into quarters.
Steps for making the sticky rice wraps:
1) Take one quarter of a lotus leaf.
2) Put a layer of rice in the middle of the lotus leaf
3) Put a couple of slices of Chinese mushroom, some dry shrimp, and sausage on top of the rice.
4) Put a second layer of sticky rice on top
5) Wrap the ingredients with the lotus leaf in the shape of a rectangle.
6) Put all the sticky rice wraps on a steamer and steam them for 10 to 15 minutes after the water has boiled (keep the burner on medium heat)
You are ready to serve!
NOTE:
If you like nuts, sometimes you may add some chestnuts into the sticky rice too.

Submitter: 
Tao,RN
Description: 
The recipe I want to share with you today is a Dim Sum recipe--Sticky Rice (Chinese name: Nuo Mi Ji. Nuo Mi means sticky rice, Ji means chicken). This can actually be a very personalized dish. You may add more ingredients to the sticky rice. I have to say you may also see all kinds of different recipes online with different ingredients. What I am sharing here is actually a Cantonese style dish.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
60 to 80 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
