URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62219365/granitos/
Title:
Granitos Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/314430.jpg
Ingredients:
4 cups water
2 tbsp butter
1 1/2 tsp salt or to taste
1/4 tsp sugar
3 cups coarsely ground rice (short or medium grain)
1/4 - 1/3 cup grated Parmesan cheese (optional)
8oz brick of sharp cheddar or gouda cheese

Directions:
You have to make your own ground rice, it is not sold anywhere. I have an electrical coffee grinder that I use exclusively for this purpose, but you can also use a blender. In the grinder, add rice in small amounts and grind as you would grind coffee beans and keep going until you have the 3 cups. You want the consistency of coarse corn meal.
If using a blender, then add about 1/2 cup of rice to the blender and turn on (just like that, dry). It will be a lot noisier but works the same. The lid MUST be on or there will be rice all over your kitchen. Keep 'grinding' in small batches until you get the 3 cups.
Put the ground rice in a bowl and add the Parmesan cheese (if using it).
In a heavy saucepan, bring the water, butter and salt to a rolling boil.
Once the water is boiling, turn the stove off and start pouring the ground rice slowly and steadily while mixing quickly with a wooden spoon. It is important to do not dump the rice all at once because you could end up with lumps.
Keep mixing and as the mixture cools it will begin to thicken until you have sort of a 'dough'.
It will be very hot now, so let it rest while you prepare the cheese.
Cut the cheese in sticks about 1 1/2 inches long and 1/4 inch thick.
Get a small bowl with cold water and put it next to you while you form the granitos. Wet your hands every once in a while with the cold water, it will keep the dough from sticking to your hands and help you form the granitos.
Form the dough into the fritters (they will resemble a giant grain of rice), putting a stick of cheese inside and completely covering it with the mix.
Freeze for a couple of hours, they fry better (crispier) and the cheese won't seep out.
Fry in hot oil until golden.
You can store them frozen for a few weeks in a plastic zipper bag.

Submitter: 
Milly Suazo-Martinez
Description: 
My hometown of Humacao, PR is famous for its “granitos,” a fried snack made from rice and stuffed with a bit of cheese... and on any given weekday morning you can buy these from street vendors all over town. This is my personal version, I add Parmesan cheese to the mix but that's optional...
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
