URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62216911/easy-vegetable-fried-rice/
Title:
Easy Vegetable Fried Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1-2 tsp olive oil
2 c. long grain rice
1 or 2 chicken bouillon cubes, optional
4 c. boiling water
3 T. butter, divided
1 very large onion, or 2 small, diced (large dice)
6 stalks celery, sliced (thick, about 1/4")
1 bell pepper, (julienne strips work well)
2 cans sliced water chestnuts, drained & cut in half
1 12 oz. bag frozen mixed vegetables (carrots, peas, green beans, corn)
1 12 oz. bag frozen broccoli/cauliflower combination
1/4 tsp ground ginger
1/4 tsp garlic powder
Tamari (soy sauce)(2-5 T, to taste)

Directions:
In a tall saucepan, heat olive oil on medium heat and saute the dry rice grains for 2-3 minutes, while heating the water (and bouillon if desired) in the microwave. Pour the hot water over rice, stir and bring to boil. Reduce heat to low, cover and simmer 15 - 20 minutes or until just done.
Meanwhile, in a dutch oven or other large pot, heat 1 T. butter and saute onions, celery, and bell pepper 3-5 mins. (Don't overcook; keep somewhat firm.) Drain water chestnuts; cut the slices in half and add to the vegetable saute during the last minute or so just to heat. Remove veggie saute from pot.  Add 2 T butter and the 2 bags of frozen vegetables (I cut the broccoli/cauliflower into smaller pieces while frozen, works well). Stir and saute until warmed throughout, 7-10 minutes.
Add the onion-celery-pepper saute, ground ginger, garlic powder, and about 3 T tamari to the broccoli/cauliflower saute. Stir thoroughly to combine all vegetables and distribute spices. Add the cooked rice; fluff with fork to mix veggies and rice together; add more tamari to taste, along with a T. or more of water, if needed. Enjoy.

Submitter: 
B L
Description: 
I combined a few recipe ideas from this site and added my own twists for a veggie fried rice that both my vegetarian and non-vegetarian daughters loved -- the teenage guests gobbled it up too. Easy, yummy, makes a large amount, and what a great way to add lots of vegetables to your diet. Veggies can be adjusted to taste, but definitely try this combination :-) I served it with Baked Teriyaki Chicken from this site and my hungry teens loved this meal. Can't believe I never made this before; it is so easy and even better than Chinese takeout.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
