URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62219689/bread-master-dough/
Title:
Bread Master Dough Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 cups of warm water (100f)
1 1/2 Tablespoons of Yeast
1 1/2 Tablespoons of Salt (Non-iodized, Kosher or Sea Recommended)
1 Teaspoon of Sugar
6 1/2 cups of Flour (Bread Flour recommended)
1/2 teaspoon of cornmeal for baking pan

Directions:
The Master Dough:
1. In Large Tupperware or large mixing bowl, mix water, yeast, salt and sugar.
2. Add flour and mix together until incorporated.
3. Place cover on top but do not seal. If using a bowl, just lightly cover with plastic wrap. Let rise at room temperature for about 2 hours. It will top out at just more than twice the original.
4. Place loosely covered container in refrigerator for 2 hours for dough to get conditioned. After that you can start baking anytime, it gets more flavor everyday.
The Master Bread:
1. Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Place an empty broiling pan on the bottom rack.
2.Take your container of master dough out of the fridge. Sprinkle some flour on top of the dough. Flour your hands. Flour a board. Dig into the dough and pull out two handfulls at the same time, about a third of the container. Flop the dough onto the floured board. Sprinkle more flower on top, enough so it doesn't feel too sticky but still wet.
2. Just pick the dough up, folding the sides under and turn it clockwise 180 degrees when you put it back down. Now pick it up again and fold the sides under, turn it and put it down. It should be forming a ball shape (this is the artisan part). Sprinkle with just enough flour as necessary to keep it smooth not sticky. You only need to do this a few times to get a solid form that will hold its shape. Less work is better, I always say.
3. Sprinkle corn meal on a baking sheet, bread stone or pizza stone. Place dough in center. Let rest 30 minutes.
4. Using a sharp serated knife, slash top of the loaf in a tic-tac-toe. This allows it to rise without cracking open.
5. Place in center of the oven. Pour 1 cup of water into the broiling pan and shut door to trap steam.
6. Bake for 25 minutes or until it gets evenly brown. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
MrMomz
Description: 
This is a basic bread dough that requires NO KNEADING. It stores in the refrigerator and can be used for rolls, pizza, calzones, knots, etc. I'm told it lasts for two weeks in the fridge but not so much in my house. After a few days it gets a sourdough flavor that you can keep going by reusing the container for the next batch. Get yourself a large (5qt or more) Tupperware or glass jar that you can keep out of the way in the fridge. Mine fits in that space on the bottom shelf in the back.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
4-5 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
