URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62216180/froggies-egg-rolls/
Title:
Froggie's Egg Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/312401.jpg
Ingredients:
4 boneless chicken breasts
2 c matchstick carrots
2 c thinly sliced celery
½ c chopped green onion
½ lb mushrooms chopped (opt)
2 c alfalfa sprouts
3 Tbsp cooking oil
¼ c soy sauce
2 pkgs egg roll wrappers
1 egg white, whisked

Directions:
Heat oven to 375 degrees.  Place breasts down singly, spray lightly with cooking oil spray and lightly salt and pepper.  Cook until done and slightly browned, about 25 minutes.  Remove from oven and thinly slice.
Meanwhile, lightly sauté the carrots, celery and green onion in cooking oil in skillet on high heat, stirring constantly until vegetables are crisp cooked.  Add sliced chicken breasts, mushrooms and alfalfa sprouts and continue sautéing, adding soy sauce while cooking.
When mushrooms and alfalfa sprouts have softened and absorbed in soy juices, remove from heat.  Pour into a pan and let sit in refrigerator for about ten minutes.  Pour into colander and let it drain of juices.
Place approximately 3 Tbsp of stir fry mixture in center of each egg roll wrapper, rolling as directed by package.  Using finger, seal with egg white.
Fry in hot oil or in fryer until golden brown and bubbly.  When you remove from heat, let it stand vertically (or semi vertically) so the additional oil can drain out.  Because the interior of these egg rolls are not as dense as a normal one, you will have excess oil.  Let drain for approximately five minutes.  Serve with fried rice.

Submitter: 
Chris Cluff Webber
Description: 
This recipe was adapted to accomodate my children who are not big fans of cabbage.  They're so popular we regularly eat them as the main dish, although they make an excellent appetizer or side to any Chinese meal.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
