URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62216544/hot-and-sour-soup-suan-la-tang--southern-china-style/
Title:
Hot and Sour Soup (Suan La Tang)--Southern China Style Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/312665.jpg
Ingredients:
Half a box of soft tofu
5 to 6 Fungus "Wood Ears" (Chinese name: mu er)
2 small pieces of bamboo shoot--cut them into thin slices, it should be the same amount as the fungus
1 1/2T Szechuan (Sichuan) Hot bean sauce
1 1/2 cup chicken stock
1 1/2 cup water
3T Vinegar
1t Salt
1/2t Sugar
1/2t White pepper powder
3T corn starch mix with 3T water
1/4t sesame oil
1 egg

Directions:
Preparation:
1) Soak the fungus for at least 30 minutes until it becomes soft, then cut into small thin pieces as shown in the picture
2) Cut the tofu into thin pieces
3) Boil a moderate amount of water, bring to a boil, then put in the bamboo shoots for about 1 minute. Drain out the water.
4) Beat one egg, and mix it with about 1T water.
Put the Szechuan (Sichuan) hot bean sauce into the pot along with a little bit of oil. Use low heat sir fry it until all the oil become red.
Put chicken stock and water in the pot with the bean sauce. Binng it to boil. Then put in fungus and bamboo shoot.Stir evenly.
Put in the Tofu and very gently stir the soup, so that you don't break the tofu.
Boil for 3 minutes, then put it vinegar, sugar, salt, and white pepper. Gently stir the soup again so that the ingredients will be evenly mixed with the broth.
Mix the corn starch with water, and pour it into the soup. Gently stir the soup until it is thickened. (You may add more corn starch with water if you like, it depends how thick you want to soup to be)
Turn the stove to high heat, and wait until the soup is boiling.
Pour the egg into the soup. Stir the soup again.
Put 1/2t sesame oil into the soup.You are ready to serve. You may add some finely chopped green onions on top as garnish!
This is the most basic hot and sour soup. You may use it as a base, and add more ingredients if you like. For example, some cooked chicken meat or pork. In a traditional recipe, you may see sea cucumber, dried squid, etc. You may also use it as a base, and put fresh seafood into it. It will be a seafood hot and sour soup!

Submitter: 
Tao,RN
Description: 
There are actually two different styles of hot and sour soup. One is Northern China style, which usually looks white. The other is Southern China style, which usually looks red. What makes the Northern one hot is white pepper powder. What makes the Southern one hot is hot bean sauce. The one I am sharing today is the Southern China style, it has a different taste than the Northern one as it has bean sauce in it that has a little bit more oil in the soup.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 to 30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
