URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62218586/calico-mashed-potatoes/
Title:
CALICO MASHED POTATOES Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
FOR BOILING THE POTATOES:
4 LB	  potatoes,unpeeled and quartered
64 oz	  chicken stock or broth or combination
2 TSP	  salt
1/2 TSP garlic powder
FOR THE CALICO:
1 LB	      bacon, diced into matchsticks
1	      medium onion, chopped
3 sprigs    fresh rosemary, diced fine
1/2 TSP     garlic powder
1/2 TSP     salt
1/2 TSP     white pepper
16 OZ	      frozen corn, thawed
1 c	      heavy cream
4 OZ	      cream cheese, softened
1/2 c	      sour cream
1/4 stick   butter
FOR THE GARNISH:
1 c	   shredded Cheddar
1 sprig  fresh rosemary

Directions:
In a large stockpot, mix stock, salt and garlic powder and add enough water to cover the potatoes.  Bring to a boil and add potato quarters.  When pot comes back to the boil, cook for 11 or 12 minutes, testing after 8 minutes.  When done, potatoes should pierce easily with a fork or knife and skin should be peeling off, but they still should keep their shape.  Drain into a colander with a catch bowl, and discard drips that collect in the bowl.  Transfer to a large mixing bowl.
Meanwhile, sauté bacon in a large skillet until crispy and brown, draining at least once into the colander with the catch bowl during each cooking and then draining again before transferring to a large mixing bowl; set bowl aside.
Sauté onions in 1 TBSP of the bacon drippings; drain into the colander with the catch bowl and transfer to bacon bowl.
Add the rosemary and corn and mix well.
When potatoes are cooled until touchable, score the skins a bit with a paring knife.  Using a hand mixer, break up the potatoes until they start to hold together.  Mix in salt, pepper and garlic powder.  Mix in the cream cheese and sour cream.  Add two tablespoons of cream and 3 or 4 pats of butter and mix well.  Potatoes should be completely mixed together but slightly on the dry side because the cream cheese will melt in the crock-pot making them a bit looser.  But if they seem too dry and don’t hold together, keep adding cream until they do.
Add the bacon mixture to the potatoes; mix well.  It is easiest to place the mixture in the slow cooker bag in the crock-pot.  At this point, slow cooker bag may be removed and refrigerated until you are ready to heat the potatoes.
When ready to serve, heat for 1 hour on high, mixing every 10 minutes. Top with Cheddar and the reserved rosemary sprig.

Submitter: 
Fishwrap
Description: 
This dish is usually the first to be scraped clean at a potluck.  The stock gives the potatoes a rich, intense flavor.  It is my special occasion only dish because of its rich ingredients!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
25
Nutritional Facts:
NA
