URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62226868/moms-hearty-beef-stew-with-dumplings/
Title:
Mom's Hearty Beef Stew with Dumplings Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Stew:
1 Tbsp extra virgin olive oil
1 onion, coarsely chopped
2 lbs stewing beef, cubed
2 tsp Montreal steak spice
2 stalks of celery, quartered
2 cups of water
4 (25 g) pkgs of Clubhouse Brown Gravy Mix
4 cups of water
1 small turnip, peeled and cubed
5 carrots, peeled and quartered
7 potatoes, peeled and quartered
Dumplings:
3 Tbsp shortening
1 1/2 Cups Flour
2 tsp baking powder
3/4 tsp salt
3/4 Cup milk

Directions:
Heat olive oil in 5 quart pot on med-high heat. Add onion and beef to pan. Sprinkle with 1 tsp of Montreal steak spice. Stir meat and sprinkle with remaining tsp of steak spice. Add celery and saute until meat is browned.
Add water until meat and vegetables are just barely covered. Bring to a boil, scraping browned bits from bottom of pan. Cover and simmer for 2 hours.
Remove meat and vegetables from stew pot with slotted spoon and place in a bowl. Discard celery. In a large measuring cup, whisk together the 4 packages of gravy mix with 4 cups of water. Add to the juices in the stew pot and bring to a boil. Add beef back into pot along with turnip and carrots. Cover and simmer on low for 20 minutes.
Add potatoes and continue to simmer for 20 minutes.
After adding potatoes, mix dumpling dough. Blend shortening, flour, baking powder and salt until crumbly. Add milk and continue to mix just until dough comes together. Set aside.
After potatoes have simmered for 20 mins, remove 2 cups of gravy using a turkey baster. Reserve.
Drop dumpling dough by heaping tablespoons on top of meat and vegetables. Cover and continue to simmer for 20 minutes. DO NOT REMOVE COVER!
When dumplings have steamed, add gravy back to stew and toss gently.

Submitter: 
ambikins
Description: 
My mom's beef stew recipe that she's perfected over 25 years. Tender chunks of beef couple with hearty vegetables in a rich gravy for a soul-warming treat. And Oh! the dumplings!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
3.75 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
