URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62225999/spinach-and-eggplant-crepe-cake/
Title:
Spinach and Eggplant Crepe "Cake" Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/318148.jpg
Ingredients:
Crepes:
3 cups water
6 eggs
salt
oil
Bechamel sauce:
1 stick unsalted butter (4 ounces)
1/2 cup and 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 quart whole milk, at room temperature
Filling:
1 bag of fresh spinach
1 log of goat cheese
2 medium eggplants, sliced into 1/4 inch thick rounds
Vegetable oil (for frying eggplants)

Directions:
Prepare the Crepes:
In a bowl whisk together flour, water, eggs and a dash of salt until smooth. Let sit for 5 to 10 minutes. Rub an oiled paper towel along the inside of an 8-inch nonstick skillet. Heat skillet. Pour 1/4 cup batter onto the pan. Swirl batter around to cover surface. Cook over medium heat until firm, about 20 -30 seconds. Flip crepe with fingers or spatula. Cook for about 7 seconds on other side. Remove from pan and stack on a plate. Set aside
Make the Bechamel sauce:
In a 2 quart saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the flour and whisk until smooth, about 2 minutes. Gradually add the milk and continue to whisk until the sauce is smooth and creamy. Simmer until it is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. This will take approximately 10 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in nutmeg, 1/2 cup fontina, prosciutto and season with salt and white pepper. Set aside.
Fry the eggplants:
In a deep skillet fill enough vegetable oil to go 1 inch up the sides. Heat over medium high heat. Fry the eggplants until golden on one side, about 4-5 minutes. Flip and fry the other side for another 3 minutes or so, or until golden. Place fried eggplants on a plate lined with a few sheets of paper towels to soak up the oil. Finish frying all the eggplants.
Preheat oven to 350. Grease a baking sheet with non stick cooking spray. Place one of the crepes in the middle of the dish and top with one layer of spinache leaves. Lay a single layer of eggplants ontop of the spinache. Top with a crumbled goat cheese. Using a ladel, spoon one scoop of the bechamel sauce over the top, and spread around. Finish the layers in this order, with bechamel as the final topping.
Bake for 25 minutes and then BROIL on HIGH for 10 minutes until golden and crisp.

Submitter: 
FabChef
Description: 
A layer of crepes, spinache, eggplant and goat cheese, baked in a bechamel sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
