URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62226370/dads-sunday-chicken-cacciatore/
Title:
Dad's Sunday Chicken Cacciatore Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tbl. olive oil
4 chicken breasts, boneless and skinless, cut into thirds lengthwise
salt and pepper
1 large red bell pepper, chopped into 3/4 inch squares
1 large green pepper, chopped into 3/4 inch squares
1 large red onion, chopped
4 garlic cloves, minced
3/4 cup dry red wine
1 (28-ounce) can petite diced tomatoes
1 (14-ounce) can tomato sauce
1/2 cup chicken broth
2 teaspoons dried oregano
1/2 tsp. red pepper flakes
1/2 cup finely grated parmesan cheese
1/4 cup fresh basil leaves, minced

Directions:
In a large, heavy, non-stick skillet that has a lid, heat the oil on medium-high until hot.  Add the chicken strips to the pan, seasoning with salt and pepper, and saute until golden brown all over.  Reserve chicken to a plate and cover tightly with foil.
Lower the heat to medium and add the peppers and onion to the same pan and saute over medium heat until the onion is tender, about 5 minutes, seasoning with salt and pepper.  Add the garlic and saute for 2 more minutes.  Add the wine, boost heat to medium high, and simmer until reduced by about half, about 7 minutes, stirring occasionally.  Add the tomatoes, tomato sauce, broth, oregano and red pepper flakes and stir well.  Let this come to a heavy simmer, then reduce heat to medium-low and simmer uncovered for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Boost heat to medium-high, add parmesan cheese and stir well until melted.  Return the chicken pieces to the pan, bring to a heavy simmer and cook for 5 minutes, turning chicken once.
Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and cook until chicken is just cooked through, about 10 - 15 minutes.  Add salt, pepper and additional red pepper flakes, to taste.  Add basil, stir well, and serve over pasta, rice or potatoes.  Top with additional minced basil and/or parmesan cheese, as desired.

Submitter: 
CHEFSINGLEDAD
Description: 
This Italian classic boasts rich flavors, tender chicken, and a sauce you'll be tempted to double.  There are short-cut cacciatore recipes available, but this is the real deal that family, holiday, company and Sunday dinners deserve.  Serve with a simple salad and crusty bread to soak up the sauce, and you'll be happy.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
