URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62221406/blueberry-cheesecake/
Title:
Blueberry Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 1/2 cups of crushed graham crackers
1 stick of butter melted
5 Tbl. sugar
1 bag (10.5 oz) sm marshmallows
1 8 oz can crushed pineapple - save the juice
2 8 oz pkgs cream cheese
1 8 oz tub of whipped topping
1 21 oz can of blueberries (pie filling)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 300 degrees. Toast graham cracker crumbs in a 9x13" pan for 8 min. Melt butter and then add sugar. Mix with toasted g.cracker crumbs.
Save about 1/4 of mixed crumbs for topping and press the rest on the bottom of baking pan.
In saucepan melt marshmallows with pineapple juice on med-low heat. Once marshmallows are melted remove from heat. Put this in large mixing bowl and add cream cheese. Beat till smooth. Slowly mix in pineapple and whipped topping.
Spread half the mixture over graham crackers. Set in freezer for 25-30 minutes. Spread blueberries (cherries could be substituted) over this mixture and again set in freezer. Wait 30 minutes and spread remaining cream cheese mix over blueberries. Sprinkle with reserved g.cracker crumbs and refridgerate for at least 1/2 hr.
HINTS   I will sprinkle fresh or frozen blueberries on top of blueberry filling just to add more fruit.
Make sure the whipped topping isn't frozen when you are mixing it into the cream cheese - marshmallow mix.   I make this up a day ahead and it stays nice in the fridge - the only problem is keeping the test tasters away.  This recipe will serve the same amount of people as a regular cake.  The better the ingredients you use the better the results.

Submitter: 
John Mathews
Description: 
This is not a traditional cheesecake.
This is a cheesecake with a hint of pineapple flavor and loaded with plenty of blueberries. It is a light and fluffy cheesecake and people continually ask me for the recipe.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 hrs
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
