URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62224018/cucumber-shots/
Title:
Cucumber Shots Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 cucumbers
1 quart V8, tomato juice or Bloody Mary mix, hot or mild and non-alcohol
1 cup, FAT-FREE, Beef broth or beef consumee' =optional
Optional additional seasonings to the juice; Celery salt, onion and/or garlic powder, hot sauce, cheyene pepper,

Directions:
Peel each cucumber
Cut cucumbers in 2 to 2 1/2 inch pieces cutting across the cucumner. Don't use the ends, the pieces will be too small around.
Scoop the seed centers out of the cucumbers being careful to not go all the way through. You are making little cups, you need the bottom intact.
If cucumbers walls are too thick, scoop more out of the center or carefully, with a peeler, make the walls a little thinner.
Stand cucumber pieces in a plate large enough to hold all. Look across the top of the cucumbetrs and make sure all the pieces are exactly the same level.
In a large measuring cup pour the tomato juice, V8 or Bloody Mary mix, which ever you are using.
Pour in the beef broth and stir. Taste; Add whatever seasonings you want to make it as hot, spicy or mild as you want.
If you are using spicy V8 or spicy Bloody Mary mix, it may be hot and spicy enough so be sure and taste.
Carefully fill each cucumber section with the juice being careful to get completely full but not spilled n the cucumber.
Garnish with celery leaves here and there and serve. If it will be a while, cover and refrigerate until served.
Instead of using juice, you can also fill the cucumbers with cheeses, dips, spreads, what ever sounds good.

Submitter: 
Kitten
Description: 
I saw this done on the Food Network. It looked so pretty and diffeent and oh, so simple. Cut a peeled  cucumber crossways in about 2 to 2 1/2 inch sections. Starts with tomato juice, V8 or Bloody Mary mix and makes a spicy little drink. The center of the cucumbers are scooped out and the juice is poured into the cucumber center. The juice can be hot and spicy or mild or however you want. I flavored mine like a Bloody Mary without the vodka using V8 or I just use the Bloody Mary mix.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 to 45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
9
Nutritional Facts:
NA
