URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62227934/eggplant-sandwiches-with-fontina-and-caramelized-onions/
Title:
Eggplant Sandwiches with Fontina and Caramelized Onions Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/319188.jpg
Ingredients:
5 tablespoons balsamic vinegar (I had found some 12-year-old Moderna on sale, it was like syrup and incredible)
2 tablespoons shallots, chopped fine
1 garlic glove, pressed
1/2 cup plus 2 teaspoons olive oil
1 large red bell pepper, cut into thin strips
2 large red onions, sliced thin
2 large eggplants, about 2.5 pounds, sliced lengthwise into 1/3-inch slices
8 ounces Fontina cheese, cut into 12 slices
12 large lettuce leaves
24 slices of your favorite bread, I used Italian

Directions:
Lay out eggplant slices on baking sheets and sprinkle with salt. Let sit 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, in a small bowl, whisk together 3 tablespoons of the balsamic with shallots, and garlic. Slowly whisk in 1/2 cup oil. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Set aside.
Heat 2 teaspoons oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onions and pepper and sprinkle with salt. Saute until they are beginning to brown, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook until soft, another 5 minutes. Add 2 tablespoons of balsamic and continue to saute until very soft. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
Preheat broiler. Pat eggplant dry, you'll need several paper towels for this. Lightly spray with olive oil and broil about 3 minutes on each side.
Layer bread, cheese, eggplant, onion and peppers, sauce and lettuce. Top with another slice of bread. Consider toasting the bread.
To get this to the office, I packed everything individually. I warmed the eggplant and onion mixture in the office microwave and built the sandwiches there. They were a huge hit!

Submitter: 
Scott Koeneman
Description: 
One of the best strategies for dealing with those holiday office parties is to bring something that you know is healthy and delicious to help guarantee that you'll stay on plan. This recipe, based on one from Bon Appetit, is perfect.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
