URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62223554/olive-garden-tuscan-garlic-chicken/
Title:
Olive Garden Tuscan Garlic Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound chicken breasts, boneless, skinless
3/4 cup flour
1 1/2 t salt
1 t pepper
2 t italian herb seasoning
8 ounces fettuccine
1 1/2 t garlic, chopped
1/2 bell pepper, julienne, red
1 T flour
1/2 cup white wine, dry
4 oz spinach, whole leaf
3/4 cup cream or half/half
1/2 cup Parmesan cheese, grated

Directions:
Combine 1½ cups flour, salt, black pepper and Italian herb seasoning in a shallow dish.
Dredge chicken in the mixture, shaking off any excess.
In a large, nonstick, ovenproof skillet, add 3 Tbsp of olive oil  enough to coat  and saut chicken in batches over medium-high heat for about two to three minutes on each side, or until golden brown and crisp. Add additional olive oil for each batch as necessary.
When finished, transfer the skillet to a preheated oven at 350 degrees F. Cook for approximately 10 to 15 minutes or until cooked through and the internal temperature reaches 165 degrees F.
Cook pasta according to package directions. Drain and set aside until needed.
While the pasta is cooking, heat 2 Tbsp of olive oil in a sauce pan. Add the garlic and the red pepper and cook for approximately one minute.
Add remaining 1 Tbsp of flour and stir to combine.
Add the wine and bring to a boil for one minute. Add the spinach and the cream and bring to a boil. The sauce is done cooking when the spinach becomes wilted. Complete by stirring in the Parmesan cheese.
Partly coat the pasta with the sauce, transfer to a large bowl (or individual dishes) and then top with the chicken, the remaining sauce and extra Parmesan cheese.

Submitter: 
Litegal1
Description: 
Breaded chicken served over a bed of fettuccine with creamy spinach/Alfredo sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
