URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62225153/brown-sugar-meatloaf-with-bell-peppers/
Title:
Brown Sugar Meatloaf with Bell Peppers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup packed brown sugar
2/3 cup ketchup
1 1/2 pounds lean ground beef
1/2 pound of spicy ground pork sausage or Italian sausage (a mix of sweet and hot if you are using links)
3/4 cup milk
2 eggs
2 tsp Worscestershire sauce
1 envelope Lipton® Recipe Secrets® Onion Soup Mix
1 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 celery rib, chopped fine
1 carrot finely chopped
1 medium green bell pepper, coarsely chopped
1 medium red bell pepper, coarsely chopped
1 medium sweet yellow or orange bell pepper
2 Tbsp butter
1 Tbsp minced garlic
1/4 teaspoon ground ginger
3/4 cup finely crushed saltine cracker crumbs or ritz crackers

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a 5x9 inch loaf pan.
Press the brown sugar in the bottom of the prepared loaf pan and spread the ketchup over the sugar.
In a large heavy skillet cook the celery, carrot, garlic in butter, over medium heat, stirring, for about 5 minutes. Cover the skillet and stir occassionally until the carrots are tender, about 5 more minutes. Stir in salt and pepper, Worcestershire sauce, and 1/3 a cup of ketchup. Cook for 1 more minute.
In a large bowl, combine the meats, eggs, vegetables, bread crumbs, and parsley. Form into a loaf and put into a rectangular baking pan with 2-inch high sides. Cover the loaf with remaining ketchup.
In a mixing bowl, mix thoroughly all remaining ingredients and shape into a loaf. Place on top of the ketchup.
Bake in preheated oven for 1 hour or until juices are clear.

Submitter: 
MsChristy
Description: 
This tasty meatloaf flavored with ginger and Bell Peppers has a sweet brown sugar and ketchup glaze.Modified from: Brown Sugar Meatloaf
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
