URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62223695/goat-cheese-spanish-pie/
Title:
Goat Cheese Spanish Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/3 cup olive oil, divided
2 cups minced onion
45 ounces of fresh spinach
1/2 cup of California Raisins
8 ounces of Garlic & Herb Goat (Chevre) Cheese.  I like Silver Goat
1/3 cup of Pignoli (Pine Nuts) toasted
1/2 Tsp of Kosher Salt
1/4 Tsp of Ground Black Pepper
12 sheets of frozen Phyllo Dough, thawed
Cooking Spray

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees (375 for convention)
Crumble the goat cheese and set aside
Heat 3 tablespoons oil in a large Dutch oven over medium heat
Add onions to pan and cook for approx. 5 min. or until browned, stir occasionally
Add spinach slowely and cook for approx. 3 min. or until spinach wilts, stirring frequently
Simmer spinach mixture for approx. 40 min. or until liquid evaporates
Sprinkle in the raisins and stir in
Remove from heat and cool completely
Stir in cheese, nuts, salt and pepper
Coat a 9 X 13 in. baking dish with cooking spray
Press 1 Phyllo sheet into the bottom of the pan and work up the sides
Cover the remaining phyllo sheets to prevent drying out
Lightly coat the phyllo sheet with cooking spray once in the pan
Repreat the above procedure with 7 phyllo sheets
Spread spinach mixture in an even layer onto phyllo
Place 1 phyllo sheet on a large cutting board and lightly brush with 1 1/2 tsp oil
Repeat the above procedure with the remaining 3 phyllo sheets, again brushing with oil
Place phyllo layer over spinach mixture, tuck in the sides to enclose the spinach completely
Bake at 400 degrees (375 if convection) for approx. 30 minutes
Remove from the oven and let stand for 15 minutes

Submitter: 
Sadie Melgoza
Description: 
A light flakey take on the traditional Spanakopita/ spinach pie with chevre infused with garlic and herbs.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
60
Ready in:
15
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
