URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62230683/hong-shao-tofu-cantonese-style--tofu-in-brown-sauce/
Title:
Hong Shao Tofu Cantonese Style--Tofu in Brown Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/320937.jpg
Ingredients:
6 Dried Chinese Mushrooms
1 box Chinese firm tofu
1 Broccoli
4 Cloves garlic
3 thin slices ginger
2t light soy sauce
1t dark soy sauce
1/4t salt
1t Oyster sauce
1/4t sugar (optional)
1 cup chicken stock
2t cornstarch mix with 1T water

Directions:
Heat up a pot with about 2T vegetable oil. Put in garlic and stir it until you can smell the flavor. Then put in the Chinese mushroom. Stir it for 30 seconds, then add a little bit of the mushroom water. Keep stirring it until the water is gone. Then add a little bit more mushroom water. Put in the tofu, and stir everything evenly. After that, add the rest of the mushroom water to the pot and some liquid chicken stock until the liquid totally covers everything in the pot. Add the salt, dark soy sauce, light soy sauce, oyster sauce and sugar (optional) to the liquid. Stir it evenly. Turn the stove to high heat until the liquid is boiling, then turn it down to medium heat and cover the pan. It will take about 15 minutes to cook all the liquid.
Now use a frying pan to stir fry the broccoli. You may use the leftover oil from frying the tofu earlier. Heat the oil up, then put in the broccoli. Stir gently so that you don't break the broccoli. You may add a little bit of water to help cook the broccoli. Add a pinch of salt before you transfer the broccoli onto the plate. Put the broccoli in a flower shape on the plate.
Now 80% of the liquid in the pot should be gone. Take out the mushroom, and put on top of the broccoli. Add the corn starch water to the liquid. Stir everything gently until the liquid is thickened. Then transfer the tofu on top of the mushrooms. You are ready to serve.

Submitter: 
Tao,RN
Description: 
Hong Shao Tofu is a very common Chinese homemade dish, although there are actually different styles. In Guangdong, we use firm tofu when we make Hong Shao Tofu. But outside of Guangdong, people use soft tofu for Hong Shao Tofu. Besides the difference in the choice of tofu, the source is also different. This Hong Shao Tofu I am going to share with you today is Cantonese style.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
