URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62238827/chaesteasingly-tasty-beef-teriyaki/
Title:
Chae'sTeasingly Tasty Beef Teriyaki Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/850631.jpg
Ingredients:
3 to 4 Flat iron/Flank or Sirloin steaks (cut into 1/2 in. strips) against the grain.
Marinade:
3/4 c. Soy Sauce
1 Tsp. Ginger
3 cloves of garlic
2 scallions sliced
1 1/2 Tbsp. Rice Vinegar
2 Tsp Lime juice
3 Tbsp. Rice Wine, (Soju) or Mirin or Vodka
3 Tbsp. Sugar
1 1/2 Tsp. Sesame Oil
1/2 Tsp. red pepper flakes
Vegetables:
1 c. onion (chopped in 0.5 cm chunks)
1/2 c. each Red, green and yellow bell peppers
(chopped in 0.5 cm chunks)
1 stalk celery - sliced in 0.5 cm chunks
1 carrot (optional)sliced thin
4 gloves of garlic (sliced)
1/2 c. of beef broth
Kosher Salt to taste
Fresh Ground Black Pepper

Directions:
After cutting the steaks into 1/2" strips
Mix together all the ingredients for the marinade. Let  beef marinade for 1 to 2 hrs or overnight. Discard Marinade - Do not put in pan.
Heat wok or frying pan (medium sized)over med high heat.
Add 1 Tbsp. Cooking Oil (canola or vegetable) when it starts to smoke, lower heat to medium then add beef.
Cook beef until browned on all sides stiring constantly so as not to burn. Sauce will caramelize Remove the beef and set aside.
Next after cleaning wok/pan return to medium heat, add 1 Tbsp. Olive oil add vegetables, then saute' until slightly translucent.
Add cook marinaded beef and beef broth, cook until beef is warmed through, add Kosher Salt and fresh ground Black Pepper to taste, remove from heat.
Serve over Jasmine rice and add any other asian or (korean banchan)= side dishes (i.e. kimchi, stir fried spicy fish cakes, broccoli pickles, cold cucumber soup, vegetable pancakes; stir fried anchovies; fried squid, etc) whatever you like.   "Mashita"

Submitter: 
Ms.Chae916
Description: 
This recipe is simple and delicious. Prep time isn't to long and the marinade(home made teriyaki sauce) is so easy. Yes, eventhough Teriyaki is a Japanese seasoning, it can be just as effective when adding sesame oil, soju and ginger. Keeping in mind, this is my home made recipe for Teriyaki, it can also be used on chicken, shrimp and pork. Feel free to experiment. BTW it can also be used for marinading salmon steaks, you don't have to marinate as long, 45 min to 1 hr. is just fine.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 to 2 hrs
Ready in:
1 hr. 20 min.
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
