URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62239795/richer-than-rich-german-chocolate-ice-cream/
Title:
Richer Than Rich German Chocolate Ice Cream Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 cups milk
6 ounces German sweet chocolate, chopped
1 1/2 cups white sugar
2 1/2 tablespoons flour
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 large eggs, beaten
1 1/2 cups whipping cream
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 cup chopped pecans, toasted
1/2 cup shredded, sweetened coconut

Directions:
In medium saucepan, over low heat, combine milk, chocolate, sugar, flour, and salt. Cook, stirring occasionally, until chocolate melts.  Stir about 1/2 cup of the hot mixture into eggs.  Stir egg mixture into remaining hot mixture in saucepan.  Cook over medium heat, stirring, until mixture is slightly thickened, about 5 minutes.  Pour into bowl.  Cover and refrigerate until chilled, about 2 hours.  You can leave more than 2 hours; I have left overnight.  Just make sure it is thoroughly chilled before freezing.
Stir in whipping cream and vanilla.  Pour mixture into can of ice cream maker.  Fill bucket with rock salt and ice according to manufacturer's directions.  Freeze for 15 minutes according to manfacturer's directions.  Remove cover and add pecans and coconut. Be careful to avoid getting salty water from the bucket into the ice cream (yes, I have done this).  Continue to freeze 15 - 20 minutes.  To ripen, follow manufacturer's directions.
Note: To toast pecans, place them in a single layer in a pan.  Bake in a 350 degree oven for 5 to 10 minutes.  Watch closely so they do not burn or get too brown.  This cook time is based on pecan halves.  Pecan halves will take a bit longer to toast than pecan pieces.

Submitter: 
SharonBaker
Description: 
Coconut, toasted pecans, german chocolate, and whipping cream - enough said. To die for! I have made this many, many times - eveyone loves it (unless they don't like coconut).
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
about 4 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
