URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62239020/chicken-cream-cheese-stuffed-manicotti/
Title:
Chicken & Cream Cheese Stuffed Manicotti Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/325833.jpg
Ingredients:
12 manicotti shells
10oz of ground chicken
1/2 cup garlic cream cheese
1/4 Spanish onion, finely chopped
4 cloves of garlic finely chopped
2 tbsp olive oil
1 cup of shredded marble cheese
1/3 cup of sour cream
2 tbsp of Italian seasoning
1/2 of a large (23 oz) Hunt's Thick & Rich Tomato sauce: four cheese
2-3 tbsp of grated Parmesan cheese
1/4 cup bread crumbs
salt & pepper to taste
1 ziploc bag

Directions:
Set a large skillet to low-medium, add 1 tbsp of oil and onions and cook until they start to soften. Add the garlic and cook for another couple of minutes. Add the ground chicken, salt, pepper and 1/2 the Italian seasoning, and cook until the meat is cooked through. Turn the stove off and add in the cream cheese and sour cream, combine until it's creamy. Let it cool for a few minutes before putting it into the ziploc bag.
In the meantime bring a large pot of water to boil, pour in the salt and olive oil, and cook 5 manicotti shells at a time. Cook for 6 minutes, drain and rinse with cold water.
Cut a small piece off one corner and squeeze your mixture into one end of the shell and then go to the other side and fill part way through on that side.
Pour some tomato sauce on the bottom of a casserole dish and then assemble the manicotti into the dish and pour remaining sauce over the shells. Sprinkle with the the cheese, seasoning, Parmesan and add breadcrumbs. You can freeze it at this point or refrigerate and serve it at a later time, or pre-heat an oven to 375F, cover the manicotti and cook for 25 minutes. Uncover and cook for 5 minutes and set it to broil for another couple minutes.

Submitter: 
Raquel Teixeira
Description: 
A very tasty manicotti that is creamy and meaty - best kind of comfort food for a cold night.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
55 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
