URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62234460/bloslasht-kaker-norwegian-soft-cake/
Title:
Bløt Kaker (Norwegian Soft Cake) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/359755.jpg
Ingredients:
5 eggs
250 gram sugar
200 gram flour
3 heaping tablespoons potato flour
1 heaping teaspoon baking powder
RASPBERRY CORDIAL
1 1/2 cups water
6-8 Tablespoons raspberry (or other fruit) jam or sherry (to taste)
WHIPPED CREAM
1.5 litre whipping cream
6 tablespoons sugar

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350F.
Beat eggs and sugar until almost white.
Blend flour, potato flour and baking flour.  Fold into sugar/egg mixture.
Pour into well-greased springform cake tin right away.
Place in preheated oven.  Reduce heat to 325F.
Bake until golden brown and stick test (toothpick) comes out clean (approximately 45 minutes).
Remove cake carefully from tin.  Let cool.
CUTTING LAYERS:
When cool, cut into 3, 4, 5 equal, horizontal layers.  (My father's best was 7 layers, but I was told to start small.)
RASPBERRY CORDIAL:
Mix water with raspberry jam until the jam is dissolved.
Sprinkle the top of each layer with the codial.
Let layers soak for 6-8 hours.
WHIPPING CREAM:
Whip the cream until almost stiff.
Add sugar, and whip until peaks form.
Smear 1/2 inch layer of whipped cream each layer,and then slather whipped cream on the top and sides.
Decorate to your heart's content.
CUTTING DIRECTIONS:
To cut into slices, cut a round hole (approximately 2 inches in diameter) in the centre of the cake.  Then slice into 16 thin slices starting at the edge of the hole.

Submitter: 
sparkytoo
Description: 
This soft. melt-in-your mouth (albeit expensive,  labour-intensive, not-for-dieters, listen-to-your-arteries-harden) cake was my father's specialty that he would budget for and make for special occasions (Christmas, 17th of May (Norwegian National (Independence) Day), special birthdays). Instructions in my father's hand at the bottom of the old family recipe reads, Falls easily. Take great care that no bangs, loud noises, or shakes happen in the house. (We were always sent to bed early when he was making this cake and now we know why!) It is a very special treat! Twice a year won't hurt!:D
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
24 h
Ready in:
24 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
