URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62230323/beer-can-chicken/
Title:
Beer Can Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 - Whole Chicken (TIP - the smaller the better, do not use the largest whole chicken you can find, use the smaller ones.  Roasting Hens are not suggested)
8 - Fresh Green Onions
2 - 12 oz cans of Bud Light or Budweiser Beer
4 Tablespoons - Garlic Powder
2 Tablespoons - Seasoning Salt
2 Tablespoons - Onion Powder
1 Tablespoon - Oregano or Italian Seasoning (optional)
1 Tablespoon - Salt
1/2 Tablespoon - Ground Pepper

Directions:
Remove all items from the internal parts of the chicken.
Rinse the whole chicken thoroughly.
Use a 9 X 13 baking dish and pour one third of one beer in the baking dish.
Place the remainder of that beer upright in the middle of the baking dish.
Fit whole Chicken over the can with the legs on the bottom.
TIP - With the breast of the Chicken facing you cut a small slit on each side of the breast and stick the edge each wing inside of the slit as far as it will go.
Mix Garlic, Seasoning Salt, Onion Power, Oregano or Italian Seasoning (optional),Salt, & Ground Pepper in a separate dish.
Sprinkle and pat the mixture to your liking all over the whole chicken.  (If you use all the mixture Great! - If not that's okay too)
Cut the roots off of the green onion and any bad tips from the top.
Make small slices of about one half inch of the white end of the onion and make small slices of about two inches of the green top.
Place the remainder of the unsliced green onions into the center of the chicken from the top.
Sprinkle and pat the small slices from the green onion around the whole chicken (some will fall into the beer and that is fine).
Open the remaining can of beer and poor at least 1/2 of the beer into the bottom of the baking dish.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.  Once oven is preheated place the chicken in the center.  After approximately 45 minutes check the baking dish to make sure there is still beer at the bottom of the dish.  If there is less than 1/4 inch of beer add the remaining beer.  Some ovens are different.  You may not need the remaining beer.  Depending on the chicken size it can take about 1 and 1/2 to 2 hours to cook.  If you can pull on a leg and it separates easily from the bone, It's READY!  Let stand for at least 10 minutes.  Will be very hot.

Submitter: 
staycd
Description: 
Juicy, Tender, Robust Flavor.  Tired of the same old boring chicken.  Try this!  So easy to prepare and cook.  There are other versions that can be cooked on the Grill but we prefer ours in the oven.  It's something the our whole family loves.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
