URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62233151/flan-de-coco-y-queso-coconut-cheese-flan/
Title:
Flan de Coco y Queso (Coconut Cheese Flan) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/322526.jpg
Ingredients:
12 oz cream cheese, room temperature
8 large eggs
1 can cream of coconut such as Coco López
1 can sweetened condensed milk
1 can coconut milk
1 can evaporated milk
2 tsp vanilla
1 splash of Bacardi Coco rum
1 cup sugar (amount can be more or less)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350.
Prepare the caramel: Add the sugar to the pan and melt over the stove at medium heat moving it with a wooden spoon until golden color. Turn the heat off a little before the desired color as it will continue to darken and it will burn if you are not careful. Very carefully and using oven mitts, swirl pan around while sugar is still soft to cover bottom and sides. It will get thicker as it cools and eventually harden as a lollipop. Set pan aside to cool. This flan is big enough for 9 x 9 square or 9 inch round 3" deep pans. If in doubt about size then make flan mix first so you have an idea of how big the pan should be.
In a blender, put the eggs and the cheese and blend well.
Add the rest of the ingredients blending well after each one.
You may have to empty part of the contents of the blender into a big bowl as the whole mix won't fit into it at once. You can mix it all in the bowl before pouring into the pan.
Pour the mix into the pan (sugar already hardened)and place in a water bath in the preheated oven (350).
Bake for about an hour or until a knife comes out clean.
Let cool, run a knife around the edges and turn into a serving plate, letting the caramel juice run over it. If a lot of the hardened sugar remains in the pan, you can put 1/4 water on it and let it sit for a couple of hours. This will dissolve the sugar into more caramel that you can pour over the flan.

Submitter: 
Milly Suazo-Martinez
Description: 
Flan I made for Christmas Eve 2009 and came out delicious... so I had to write it down.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
