URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62237655/baked-ziti-italian-style/
Title:
Baked Ziti Italian Style Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound dry ziti pasta
1 onion, chopped
4 cloves pressed or chopped garlic
1/2 pound ground Sweet Italian Turkey Sausage
1/2 pound ground Hot Italian Turkey Sausage
2 (26 ounce) jars marinara sauce
3 tablespoons olive oil
6 ounces provolone cheese, sliced
1 1/2 cups sour cream
6 ounces mozzarella cheese, shredded
2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese
6 tablespoons Fresh Basil (optional)

Directions:
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add ziti pasta, and cook until al dente, about 8 minutes; drain.
In a large skillet, brown onion and Italian sausages over medium heat. Add garlic, 2 tablespoons fresh basil and marinara sauce, and simmer 15 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray a 9x13 inch baking dish with olive oil or other cooking spray. Mix the ziti with the sour cream and layer as follows: 1/2 of the ziti/sour cream mixture, Provolone cheese, 1/2 sauce mixture, remaining ziti/sour cream mixture, mozzarella cheese and remaining sauce mixture. Top with grated Parmesan cheese.
Bake for 30 minutes in the preheated oven, or until cheeses are melted. Garnish each serving with slivered fresh basil.

Submitter: 
vkyboo
Description: 
Instead of ground beef, I use 1/2 pound each of Sweet Italian Turkey Sausage and Hot Italian Turkey Sausage, add additional fresh garlic, olive oil and basil to the sauce. I also loved a reviewers suggestion for 'Baked Ziti I' and mixed the sour cream with the ziti before layering. Everybody loved it, even my teenaged son who would never knowingling eat sour cream! I served this for family and friends over the holidays and everybody wanted the recipe. I give credit to the other Baked Ziti recipe suppliers for a perfect base recipe.Modified from: Baked Ziti I
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
