URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62234013/delicioso-pozole-verde/
Title:
Delicioso Pozole Verde Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
7 cups reduced salt chicken stock
2 cups water
4 chicken breast halves with bone and skin
1 pound fresh tomatillos, husks removed, sliced in half
1 small white onion, quartered
2 poblano chiles, seeded and cut into quarters
2 jalapeno chiles, seeded and quartered
4 large garlic cloves, peeled and flattened
1/2 cup fresh cilantro, chopped
1 tablespoon dried Mexican oregano
3 - 15oz cans hominy OR 1 1/2lbs prepared dried pozole**
To Use Dried Pozole
f you are using dried pozole then soak the pozole overnight then rinse. Place the pozole in a pot of water and add 1 teaspoon of salt and simmer for about 3 hours. Drain and use in place of the canned pozole.
Garnish
Finely shredded cabbage, sliced radishes, chopped onion, diced avocados, crema (or sour cream) lime wedges and tortilla chips.

Directions:
Place water and chicken stock in a large enameled cast iron casserole and bring to a boil. Add chicken breasts skin side down, cover and simmer over low heat until cooked through but still tender about 25 minutes. Transfer chicken to a plate and shred the meat; discard skin and bones. Skim fat from cooking liquid and reserve the liquid.
In a blender combine tomatillos, onion, poblano and jalapeno chiles, garlic, cilantro and Mexican oregano. Pulse until coarsely chopped scraping down the sides. With machine running add 1 cup of the reserved cooking liquid and puree until smooth. Season the mixture with salt and pepper.
Heat oil in a large deep, heavy skillet. Add the tomatillo puree and cook over moderate heat, stirring occasionally until the sauce turns deep green; about 12 minutes.
Pour the sauce into the cooking liquid in the casserole. Add the hominy (pozole) and bring to a simmer over moderate heat. Add the shredded chicken to the stew, season with salt and pepper and cooked just until heated through. Serve the pozole in deep bowls. Pass garnishes.

Submitter: 
Dozoara
Description: 
Pozole is a traditional soup or stew from Mexico. In many places it is considered a delicacy and is not an everyday food.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30min
Ready in:
right away
Number of servings: 
7
Nutritional Facts:
NA
