URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62239432/coconut-cream-tart-with-coconut-macaroon-crust/
Title:
Coconut Cream Tart with Coconut Macaroon Crust Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Filling:
1 1/2 cups half-and-half
1 1/2 cups canned, unsweetened coconut milk
3 egg yolks
3/4 cup white sugar
1/2 cup cornstarch
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 6-oz. pkg. frozen, fresh coconut, thawed
1/2 cup flaked, sweetened coconut
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Topping:
1 pint whipping cream
flaked, sweetened coconut, toasted
Coconut Macaroon Crust:
Enough soft coconut macaroon cookies to equal about 2 cups when crumbled
1 cup finely chopped or ground pecans (or other nuts you like)
3 tablespoons butter, softened
2 tablespoons flour

Directions:
Crust: Mix all ingredients together.  Press mixture into a 10-inch fluted tart pan (with removable bottom).  Bake at 350 until golden brown - about 15-17 minutes (I start checking after about 10 minutes).  Set aside and cool.
Filling: In a medium saucepan, combine half-and-half, coconut milk, egg yolks, sugar, cornstarch and salt. Bring to a boil over low heat, stirring constantly. It takes a while - be patient.  Remove from heat, and stir in fresh coconut, flaked coconut, and the vanilla extract. Pour into Macaroon Crust and chill 2 to 4 hours, or until firm.
Topping: Whip the whipping cream with a little vanilla (probably 1/2 teaspoon) and powdered sugar, to taste. Top tart with whipped cream and sprinkle with toasted coconut.  After chilling the tart, I remove the tart from the sides of the pan and then top with the whipped cream.

Submitter: 
SharonBaker
Description: 
I made this recipe trying to replicate the coconut cream pie at Capitol Grille restaurant in Dallas.  Although it does not taste exactly like the pie at Capitol Grille, it is wonderful.  It has a yummy (not too sweet) coconut cream filling (based on the Old Fashioned Coconut Cream Pie recipe on this website, with some modifications (some of which were suggested by other reviewers)) and a decadent coconut macaroon crust based on a recipe I found on the internet.Modified from: Old Fashioned Coconut Cream Pie
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
about 5 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
