URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62239360/sausage-and-ricotta-ravioli-with-pesto-sauce/
Title:
Sausage and Ricotta Ravioli with Pesto Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
(Ravioli Mixture)
1 package Italian sausage (about 5 3-ounce links)
1 large white onion
3 cloves of garlic
2 1/2 cups of ricotta cheese
4 tbsp extra virgin olive oil
1 tbsp paprika
Salt and pepper to taste
1 tbsp  cayenne powder (optional)
1 16-ounce package of square wonton wrappers (make sure to keep cool before use)
1 egg, beaten
(Pesto sauce)
2 cups of fresh basil leaves
1/3 cup pine nuts
2 cloves of garlic
5 tbspn extra virgin olive oil
Splash of balsamic vinegar
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
(RAVIOLI) Remove sausage from casing and brown all the way through in large saute pan, using a spatula to break apart into small pieces. (this will go in a food processor, so they do not have to be very small).
Chop onion into fourths and place in food processor. Add garlic cloves. Blend onion and garlic while streaming in olive oil, until liquidy. When blended, pour onion/garlic mixture into pan with sausage and allow to simmer 5-6 minutes.
Remove from heat, place entire mixture into food processor. Add ricotta cheese. Blend until smooth. Add more olive oil if necessary. Stir in paprika, salt and pepper and optional cayenne. Drain off any excess oil from sausage over sink.
Beat one egg in a small separate bowl (used to seal wrappers). Take out cool wonton wrappers (if they are warm, they will be harder to work with). Peel off one wonton wrapper, and use a spoon to add 1 tbspn of the sausage mixture to the center of the wonton wrapper. Using a brush or your fingers, dip in egg and apply to two edges of the wrapper. Fold wrapper over to form a triangle and press down on the edges to seal, careful to keep out as much air as possible. Take ravioli and place on a plate/baking sheet that has been sprayed with cooking spray (to prevent sticking from eggs). Repeat until plate or baking sheet is full. Place full plate into fridge to cool and seal before boiling. (You will have left over sausage mixture to use in other recipes)
(PESTO) While ravioli is cooling, place basil leaves and pine nuts into food processor. Pulse 4-5 times. Add garlic, pulse 2-3 times. Stream extra virgin olive oil  in mouth with the processor on high until blended. Add balsamic, salt/pepper to taste.
Boil ravioli for 3-4 minutes. Toss in 4-5 tbspn of pesto. Cover with parmesan and serve

Submitter: 
foodietx
Description: 
A delicious meal that combines the freshness of homemade pesto and the decadence of the sausage and ricotta ravioli stuffing. A sure-fire hit with your loved ones. This recipe can be made more figure-friendly by using wheat pasta, and chicken instead of sausage.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m to 1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
