URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62235653/garlic-roast-chicken/
Title:
Garlic Roast Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 whole chickens (about 3 1/2 pounds each)
1 stick unsalted butter, cut into tablespoons, divided
6 large garlic cloves - minced or smashed, divided
Couple of sprigs rosemary or thyme to place inside cavity
2 lemons, halved
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
2 cups water

Directions:
Preheat oven to 450°F.
Pull off excess fat around cavities of chickens and discard, then rinse chickens and pat dry. Melt 4 tablespoons butter with garlic and brush butter all over chickens. Season chicken inside and out with 2 1/2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper (total). Put half of garlic and 1 lemon half in each cavity and loosely tie legs together with string.
Roast chickens in a large (I use 17x11) roasting pan, basting with pan juices using a spoon (remove pan from oven and tilt if necessary) every 20 minutes, rotating pan, until an instant-read thermometer inserted into fleshy part of a thigh of each chicken (do not touch bone) registers 170°F, 50 to 60 minutes total. Carefully tilt chickens before you take them out of the pan so juices from cavities run into roasting pan. Transfer chickens to a cutting board (reserve pan) and let rest 15 minutes before carving.
To make the gravy while chickens rest - cook remaining drippings over medium-high heat until deep golden, 1 to 2 minutes. Add flour and cook, stirring constantly, about 1 minute. Stir in water and simmer, stirring and scraping up brown bits, until thickened, about 4 -5 minutes. Whisk in remaining 4 tablespoons butter and lemon juice to taste (from remaining lemon halves). Season with salt and pepper. Strain through a sieve into a gravy boat.

Submitter: 
Mona Arrigo
Description: 
Garlic, Lemon & herbs give this roast chicken a delicious flavor; I make 2 at a time and use the 2nd chicken for another meal, then use both carcasses for soup. Yum!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
1 hr 45 min
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
