URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62246606/sichuan-szechuan-salt-and-pepper-squid--jiao-yan-xian-you/
Title:
Sichuan (Szechuan) Salt and Pepper Squid--Jiao Yan Xian You Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/330187.jpg
Ingredients:
Two squid tubes
3 Red pepper--chopped in small pieces
3 Green pepper--chopped in small pieces
1 big green onion--chopped in small pieces
2 cloves of garlic--chopped finely

Directions:
How to make Sichuan (Szechuan) salt and pepper: put an equal amount of Sichuan pepper and salt in a hot frying pan.Keep stiring until the salt turn yellow. Then put the mixture into a grinder and grind it up. You may use a 2:1 portion of pepper corn to salt if you like to have a stronger flavor of pepper corn.
Cut the squid two into pieces from the inside of the tube. Use a small knife make shallow cuts on the surface of the squid (about 10 to 15 degrees). Then cut it from the other direction using the same method so that you will see crosshatch pattern on the surface of the squid. This will make the squid curl like a flower when you cook it. Then cut the squid into bite size pieces.
Put some cornstarch or flour on a plate, and coat both sides of the squid. Heat up a frying pan, and deep fry the squid until it turns light golden yellow. Put the squid on a paper towel when you are done.
Heat up a frying pan with a small amount of oil, and put in the red pepper, green pepper, green onion and garlic, stir fry for one minute. Then put in the squid. After that, put about 2t of salt and pepper.Stir evenly. You are ready to serve!

Submitter: 
Tao,RN
Description: 
Salt and pepper squid is one of the salt and pepper recipes. Although it is not what you think--the regular salt and pepper you use every morning for eggs. This kind of salt and pepper is a mixture of salt and Szechuan(Sichuan) pepper. You toast the pepper corn and salt in a frying pan, then grind them together so that pepper corn becomes powder.You can use it for tofu, seafood,or even pancakes. Today we are making salt and pepper squid. I have salt and pepper tofu coming up some other time.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
