URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62241384/carrot-cauliflower-soup/
Title:
Carrot Cauliflower Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 Tbs Olive Oil
1 Tbs Cumin Seeds
1 Tbs Brown Mustard Seeds
1 tsp Ground Coriander
1 tsp Turmeric
1 tsp Red Pepper Flakes
2 tsp Salt
Freshly Ground Black Pepper
2 yellow onions, chopped
4 cloves garlic, minced
2 quarts broth (I use Imagine brand chicken stock)
1 15 oz can diced tomatoes
1 6 oz can tomato paste
4 good-sized carrots, peeled and chopped coarsely
1 good-sized cauliflower (stem & leaves removed) chunked up and washed.
7 cilantro springs
1 lemon, juiced
water and additional salt & pepper as needed

Directions:
Heat oil in a 8 quart soup pot until nearly smoking.
Add the cumin and mustard seeds, allow them to sizzle and pop for a minute or two (stirring). They will begin to color.
Add the coriander and turmeric. Cook while stirring for 1 minute.
Add the red pepper flakes. Cook while stirring for one minute.
Add the onion. Cook, while stirring frequently, until onions are translucent (not browned). Add the garlic and cook for a minute more. Add the canned tomatoes and tomato paste. Mix thoroughly.
Add the broth, carrots, cauliflower and cilantro sprigs. Let simmer until vegetables are quite soft (an hour-ish?).
Remove the cilantro springs. Mash the vegetables in the soup pot with a potato masher, then switch to an immersion blender. Puree until smooth, adding water if needed.
Adjust the seasonings and finish with the juice of one lemon.
Garnish suggestions: dollop of sour cream or yogurt, cilantro leaves, lemon or lime wedges, thinly sliced jalapeno, hot sauce of your choosing. This is also good with basmati or brown rice.

Submitter: 
squawk93
Description: 
This pureed soup is a great low calorie/low fat way to add vegetables to your diet. It makes a big batch (15 cups) so you may want to scale it. I put this into the Weight Watchers Recipe Builder and it came out to 2.5 points per 1 1/2 cups (I'm calling it 2 points per 1 cup serving.)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
