URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62245469/bobs-roasted-pork-loin/
Title:
Bob's Roasted Pork Loin Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 teaspoons minced garlic
1 1/2 teaspoons dried crushed rosemary
1 teaspoon dried thyme
1 1/2 teaspoons dried oregano
Kosher salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 pounds boneless pork loin roast
2 cups water
4 large lemons, juiced
1 1/2 pounds baby red potatoes
1 cup baby carrots
1 onion, sliced into rings
1/4 cup olive oil
1 cup white wine
MARINATE OVERNIGHT
Caramel Apples
4 tart apples, peeled, cored and chopped
4 tablespoons brown sugar or Splenda Brown Sugar Blend
Kosher salt and ground black pepper to taste
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
2 teaspoons cornstarch
4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted

Directions:
Mix garlic, rosemary, thyme, oregano, Kosher salt and ground black pepper, making a paste.
Pierce meat with a sharp knife in several places and press the garlic paste into the openings.
Rub the meat with the olive oil and the remaining garlic mixture; put into a large ziplock bag and marinate overnight.
Par cook the potatoes and baby carrots in seperate microwave bags.
Place the potatoes then the onions in the slow cooker; pour in two cups of water and the lemon juice.
Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over high heat.
Brown the pork roast on all sides, about 2 minutes per side.
Place pork loin on top of the onions with the carrots around the roast.
Cook on "HIGH" for 6 hours or until a meat thermometer reads 160 degrees F.
Remove roast to a platter, cover with foil and let rest 10 minutes.
Pour the wine into the slow cooker, stir, cover and cook for 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, in a large bowl add the apples, brown sugar, Kosher salt, ground black pepper, cinnamon, nutmeg, pumpkin pie spice, cornstarch and melted butter.
Pour the apple mixture into a large skillet and cook on medium-high heat for 10 to 15 minutes or until sauce thickens and apples are tender; set aside.
Serve with pan juices and Caramel Apples (see recipe).
*456

Submitter: 
smbassref
Description: 
Succulent pork roast with fragrant garlic, rosemary, thyme, oregano, lemon juice, wine, red potatoes, onions, and baby carrots.

Served with caramel apples.Modified from: Roasted Pork Loin
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
6 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
