URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62247720/sarmale-cabbage-rolls/
Title:
Sarmale (Cabbage Rolls) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 Pound Ground Pork
1/2 Pound Ground Beef
1 Onion, Chopped
Salt
Pepper
1 Cup Uncooked Rice
Fresh Dill, finely chopped
1-2 Chopped Tomatoes
2 Spoons of Tomato Sauce/Paste
Grape Leaves OR Cabbage Leaves
*Smoked meat on the bone*
NOTE:  Grape Leaves can generally be found in a world market type store, something that carries specialty items like this.  If not sure where to find, ask your local Greek or Lebanese Rest. where to find.

Directions:
Mix meats together well.
Add in onions, dill, uncooked rice, salt and pepper to taste. Or any seasonings you like, I usually throw in some Tony's.
*If using the smoked meat on bone, place this in the bottom of the pot.  Helps to add a little extra flavor.  It's not necessary, so if you omit, no biggie*
If using cabbage, remove leaves from head, and boil in water with salt until tender.  drain and let cool.
Whether using cabbage or grape leaves, start at large end of leaf, place small amount of meat mixture on the leaf.  the size of a meatball amount (best way I know to describe it).  Roll the leaves up and tuck the ends in.  Place in large pot.
Repeat till all the meat mixture or all the leaves are gone.
Place rolls in a layers in the pot.  Place chopped Tomatoes and tomatoe sauce/paste on top of sarmale, top with water.  You can add more salt and pepper or whatever you want in the water as well.
Allow to boil till rice & meat are cooked through.  The meat generally cooks faster than the rice.
Serve with sour cream or natural (non-flavored) yogurt & enjoy!
Pofta Buna!

Submitter: 
Odessa Toma
Description: 
This is a traditional Romanian dish, that is excellent!!! My husband is from Romania, and we have moved back to RO from teh states, so I've gotten very good at making this!.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 hr.
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
