URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62240113/irenes-city-chicken/
Title:
Irene's City Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/928121.jpg
Ingredients:
City Chicken:
1 1/2 pound lean pork (cubed)
1 1/2 pound lean veal (cubed)
2 cups bread crumbs
2 eggs
1/2 cup milk (optional)
salt
pepper
vegetable oil
1 cup water
City chicken sticks (get from butcher/grocery store meat counter)
Mushroom Gravy:
2 cans cream of mushroom soup
1 pound button mushrooms
2 tablespoons butter or margarine
1/2 cup water
2 tablespoons Kitchen Bouquet

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Keep pork and veal in separate piles.  Trim fat and cut into 1/2–inch wide pieces.
Skewer alternate pieces of pork and veal onto stick.  Continue until all meat is used.
Salt and pepper assembled skewers.
Mix eggs in a bowl with small sides to dip city chicken.  (Add milk to stretch egg wash to coat all skewers, if needed.)
Pour bread crumbs into another bowl to coat city chicken.
Dip a city chicken stick into the egg wash.
Next dip city chicken stick into bread crumbs and coat entire stick.  Press bread crumbs and form with hands to ensure generous coating.
Place skewer on plate and repeat until all skewers are coated.
Pour vegetable oil in pan to coat 1/4-inch deep and heat on medium heat.
When hot, place city chicken sticks in pan.  Turn 1/4 every 2 to 3 minutes until all sides are browned.
Place fried sticks into roasting pan.
Add 1 cup water to roaster to assist steaming.
Melt butter in second pan.
Pour mushrooms in melted butter and cook 15 to 20 minutes.
Add 2 cans cream of mushroom soup and stir until melted.
Add water and continue to stir until blended.
Add Kitchen Bouquet until gravy is medium brown
Pour half over city chicken in roasting pan
Reserve other half of gravy to serve.
Place roaster with city chicken in oven to warm through for 30 – 60 minutes and serve.

Submitter: 
Gypsy's Kitchen
Description: 
This is my mom's recipe that I grew up with and adore.  It's a little labor intensive but completely worth it.  I hope it becomes special for you as it has been for me.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
