URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62244485/poblano-albondigas-southwestern-meatball-soup/
Title:
Poblano Albóndigas (Southwestern Meatball) Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 large fresh poblano chiles
1 pound ground beef
1.5 cups zucchini, coarsely grated
3/4 cup onion, finely chopped
1/4 cup panko breadcrumbs
1 large egg
4 garlic cloves, finely chopped
1 tablespoon plus 1/4 teaspoon ground cumin
1.5 teaspoons dried oregano
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon olive oil
3 tablespoons pure ancho chile powder
7 cups beef broth
1/2 cup rice
1/4 cup fresh cilantro, chopped
5 tablespoons butter
5 tablespoons flour
2 cups milk
salt and pepper, to taste
2 tablespoons fresh lime juice
1 cup canola oil
6 small corn tortillas

Directions:
Char chiles on grill or under broiler until blackened on all sides. Stem, seed, and peel, then chop finely (leave a small amount of seeds to add spice - about a tsp seems good to me, but you be the judge). Measure 2 tablespoons out and set aside.
In a large bowl, gently mix remaining chilies, beef, 1/2 cup grated zucchini, 1/4 cup chopped onion, panko, egg, 1/2 of the garlic, 1 tbs cumin, 1 tsp oregano, and 1/2 tsp salt. Roll into 1-inch meatballs and set aside.
Heat oil in large pot over medium heat. Add remaining onion and garlic. Sauté until onion is tender, about 3 minutes. Add 2 Tbs poblanos and saute for another minute or two.
Add broth, chile powder, 1/4 tsp cumin and 1/2 tsp oregano; bring to boil, then reduce heat to a gentle simmer for about 10 minutes.
Stir remaining zucchini, cilantro, and rice into the broth. Increase heat to medium and drop in meatballs, 1 at a time. Return soup to simmer, cover, and cook for an additional 20 minutes.
When soup has 5 minutes left to cook, add butter to a seperate pot and melt over medium heat. Whisk in flour to make a paste and then whisk in milk. Cook for about 3 minutes, then add this mixture to the soup.
Cook soup for an additional 5-10 minutes (until it is thickened a little bit) adding lime juice and salt and pepper to taste.
While soup is finishing, heat canola oil in pan and chop tortillas in half, then into 1/2 inch strips. Fry strips until golden, salt them, and use to garnish bowls of soup.

Submitter: 
MAYAESR
Description: 
This delicious soup has a bit of a kick to it! Be sure to use real ancho chili powder and not some regular blended chili powder... there's a difference. If you're in the Southwest and can get your hands on some fresh Hatch chilies (roasted on the side of the road, of course) add those insted of the 2 roasted poblanos!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
