URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62242506/chicken-medallions-in-rich-marsala-wine-sauce/
Title:
Chicken Medallions in Rich Marsala Wine Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 boneless, skinless chicken breasts
4 tbsp vegetable oil
2 cups flour
1 tsp salt
1/4 tsp. pepper
2 cups Marsala wine
1 onion, chopped fine
3 cloves garlic, minced
3 cups beef bouillon
2 lb. fresh button mushrooms, washed and sliced 1/4" thick
2 Tbsp. cornstarch
1/4 c. cold water

Directions:
Place chicken breasts, one at a time, between two sheets of waxed paper. Pound with meat mallet on each side until 1/4" thick.  Set aside until all are done.  Cut each chicken breast into approximately six portions, or medallions.
Heat oil in large frying pan.  Mix flour, salt and pepper. Dredge chicken pieces on both sides.  Carefully fry in hot oil on each side until lightly browned.  Set aside on paper towel.
When all pieces have been browned, add onion to drippings and cook for one minute.  Add garlic.  Cook and stir until onion is transparent.  Add Marsala wine.  Deglaze pan as Marsala heats up by using back of spoon and lifting drippings from bottom of pan.  Simmer Marsala, onions and garlic uncovered until reduced in half, approximately 20-30 minutes.  Add bouillon. Heat to simmering.
Add chicken and mushrooms to sauce.  Simmer slowly, uncovered for 10 minutes.  In the meantime, mix cornstarch into cold water.  When 10 minutes is up, slowly add cornstarch mixture to chicken and marsala sauce to desired consistency.  Serve immediately with garlic mashed potatoes, rice, pasta or risotto.

Submitter: 
Ginny Maziarka
Description: 
A deeply flavorful Italian favorite, this version of Chicken Marsala has a secret - beef boullion!  There won't be a drop of the sauce left when your company is finished!  The chicken medallions are melt-in-your-mouth tender.  Elegant, savory and delizioso!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1-1/2 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
