URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62248561/southwestern-chicken-chili/
Title:
Southwestern Chicken Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 poblano peppers
2 ears fresh corn, in husks
1 1/4 lbs boneless, skinless chicken breasts
1/3 pound tomatillos, husks removed
1/2 large yellow onion, chopped
4 large cloves garlic, minced
1 small fresh jalapeno pepper, minced
2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro
2 cups chicken broth
1 (16 ounce) can diced tomatoes
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano
1/2 teaspoon ground coriander
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin
1 (15 ounce) can pinto beans
salt and pepper to taste
1 1/2 tablespoons fresh squeezed lime juice
6 corn tortillas
canola oil
3 avacados, sliced
shredded monterey jack cheese
sour cream

Directions:
Put ears of corn (still in husks) and poblano pepper on grill for around 20 minutes, until pepper is browned on both sides.
Remove husks from corn and continue to grill them for 5 minutes on either side. Remove skin from poblano pepper, dice it, and set it aside.
While waiting for veggies to grill, boil tomatillos in water for 25 minutes. In a seperate pot, boil chicken until cooked through, about 10-15 minutes.
Use two forks to pull the chicken apart, shredding it. Drain the tomatillos and dice them, reserving their juices (you could also use a food processor to dice the tomatillos, if you prefer).
Saute the onion, garlic, and jalapeno pepper in a large pot.
Stir in broth, tomatillos (with their juices), tomatoes, poblano peppers, and spices. Bring to a boil, then simmer for 10 minutes.
While this is simmering, cut the corn kernels off of the cobs and seperate them.
Add corn kernels, shredded chicken, beans, and lime juice; simmer 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Heat canola oil in a pan over medium high heat. Slice the tortillas into strips and fry in oil until golden, to make chips. Sprinkle with salt.
Serve bowls of chili by topping with cheese, avocado, sour cream, and tortilla strips.

Submitter: 
MAYAESR
Description: 
For some real southwestern flavor... a little spicy, a little tangy, and really delicious! Shreding the chicken is the key to making it chili so try not to get lazy and chop it! If you can't find an ingredient (like the tomatillos) feel free to substitute the canned version, but be forewarned: the chili will lose some of its special southwestern flavor with each substitution you make!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30min
Ready in:
1.5 hr
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
