URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62243763/home-made-mozzarella-cheese/
Title:
Home Made Mozzarella Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/328667.jpg
Ingredients:
1 Gallon Whole Milk (NOT ultra pasturized)
1 1/2 level tsp of citric acid disolved in 1/4 C water
1/4 tsp liquid vegetable rennet, mixed with 1/4 cup water
1 tsp Kosher salt  (added late in the process)

Directions:
Pour milk into large stainless steel pot and heat on LOW very gently.  At 55 degrees add the citric acid solution and mix throughly.  At 88 degree it should begin to curdle.
Gently stir in diluted rennet with and up and down motion and continue heating slowly until the milk is just over 100 degrees.  Then turn off heat.
Curds should be pulling away from the sides of the pan and whey should be clear.  If the whey is milky let stand a bit longer.  At this point the curds can be cut for easier scooping, but don't break them up into small pieces.
Use a slotted spoon or skimmer to gently move the curd to a 2 quart microwavable bowl or pyrex measure cup.  Press curds gently with hands or back of skimmer to remove as much whey as possible.
Microwave on high 1 minute, then knead and squeeze to extract as much whey as possible.  The cheese will still be crumbly.
Return cheese to bowl and microwave on high for 30 seconds.  Again, squeeze out the curds to remove the whey and knead.  Repeat.
At this point you should be able to flatten the cheese while kneading.  Sprinkle with salt and knead salt into the cheese.
Microwave one more time....the cheese should be able to be pulled and stretched.  It should be shiny and smooth.  If it isn't stretching or glossy return to microwave to heat and stretch again.
Store in any reserved whey or eat warm.  You can also store wrapped tightly in plastic wrap but the cheese may be a bit rubbery.
Lacking a microwave, you can use the pot of hot whey on the stove for the heating, kneading steps. Put the ball of curd back in the pot of hot whey with a big slotted spoon and heat it until it's almost to hot to touch. (Use gloves!) Good stretching tempeture is 175 degrees.

Submitter: 
Baking Nana
Description: 
This cheese is perfect for caprese salad.  It is best eaten warm but stores well in the whey.  You will need a large non reactive pan for the milk, a large slotted spoon or skimmer, a colander lined with a very thin cotton tea towel, a large pyrex measure cup and a probe type thermometer.  You will also need heavy kitchen gloves...this stuff gets really hot!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
