URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62253220/beef-and-potato-burritos/
Title:
Beef and Potato Burritos Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1-1.5 lbs. beef chuck or round roast, cubed
3-4 medium potatoes, washed, peeled, and cubed
2 cups shredded monterey jack cheese
2 large eggs, beaten
1 teaspoon chili powder
1/4 teaspoon red cayenne pepper
1 1/2 teaspoon paprika
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin
3/4 tsp ground black pepper
2 teaspoons garlic powder
2 teaspoons onion powder
onion powder to taste
garlic powder to taste
salt to taste
ground black pepper to taste
3 tablespoons canola oil
12 burrito size flour tortillas

Directions:
Place cubed beef in a ziploc bag.  Add red cayenne pepper, paorika, ground cumin, 3/4 ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons garlic power, 2 teaspoons onion powder, seal, and shake well.  Let sit refidgerated for 30-45 minutes.
Sautee peeled, cubed potatoes in a pan over medium heat with 1.5 tablespoons canola oil until lightly browned and softened. Season with salt, pepper, onion powder, and garlic powder to taste, set aside.
In a large skillet/wok brown cubed beef with remaining oil over medium-high heat, reduce heat to medium.
Wrap flour tortillas in tilfoil and bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 10-12 minutes.
Combine potatoes with the browned beef.  Add shredded monterey jack cheese and beaten eggs and mix well. Cook over low-medium heat until cooked through.  You should have an almost pasty consistency.
Fill each flour tortillas with 5-6 tablespoons of the mix.  Fold up burrito style and place them in a large baking pan sprayed with cooking spray.  If you run out of room cover the layer of burritoes in tin foil and start a new layer.
Cover the whole pan in tin foil and make in a 350 degree oven for 10-15 minutes or until heated through.

Submitter: 
Brandon Merritt
Description: 
A delicious and filling burrito that's easy to make and can feed a huge crowd or keep for easy meals on the go.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
85 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
