URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62256333/garbanzo-bean-sausage-stew/
Title:
Garbanzo Bean & Sausage Stew Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 cups Garbanzo Beans (2 12. oz cans if using canned)
2 lbs. sweet or mild Italian Sausage, cut into 1-inch pieces
1 Green Pepper, Large Dice
1/2 Lg. Onion, sliced thin
15 oz. Can Diced Tomatoes, with garlic & herbs
4 Cups Chicken Stock
2 TBLS. Dry Basil
2 TBLS. Dry Parsley
5 Cloves Garlic minced
2 Teas. Crushed Red Pepper flakes
2 cups (cooked) pasta, such as a "Pipette"
1/2 cup flour
3/4 olive oil
Salt & Pepper to taste
.

Directions:
I use a 6 qt. cast iron Dutch oven.
Heat Dutch oven, 4-6 minutes over medium heat, add 1/4 cup olive oil, start browning the sausage pieces in small batches, remove and set aside.
To the oil/fat add flour and begin stirring and browning, creating a roux.
After 8-10 minutes add the green pepper and onion and brown 4-5 minutes, add garlic. Continue browning, stirring to prevent scorching.
Brown 4-6 minutes more then add the tomatoes, stir in and blend with the roux, add 2 cups of chicken stock (reserve 2 cups should the stew over thicken) and continue stirring until all is blended.
Add the basil, red pepper and parsley, and stir in.
Add in the sausage, reduce to low, cover and cook 3 hours on low.
While sausage is cooking pre-cook your pasta until al dente, cool, drain and set aside.
If using "fresh" garbanzos add them at 2 hour mark. If using canned, add at the end of 3 hours, add more stock if needed, and add the pasta noodles.
Check for seasoning and dryness (if more stock is needed, do so)
Serve in warmed bowls with a warm crusty bread and a hearty red wine.
NOTE: I prefer fresh Garbanzo as compared to canned.
To prepare:
Soak 2 cups of dried Garbanzo beans in salted warm water over night.
Replace the water, and bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer, cook 1 1/2 to 2 hours.
Add to the dutch oven 1-1 1/2 hours before serving.
If using canned, add garbanzos with the pasta at the end.

Submitter: 
RCHEISS
Description: 
Garbanzo beans in a tomato based sauce with sweet Italian sausage and pasta. Hearty winter comfort food, can be varied using other types of sausages. I came up with this one day when I was tired of the same old stuff and I had picked up dried garbanzo beans at Cleveland's West Side Market.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 - 2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
