URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62257990/turkey-wild-rice-soup-ii/
Title:
Turkey Wild Rice Soup II Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2/3 cup uncooked wild rice
2 cups water
3 tablespoons low fat butter
3 tablespoons unsalted margerine
1 finely chopped onion
1 cup finely chopped celery
1/3 cup all-purpose flour
4 cups turkey broth or low sodium chicken broth
2 shredded carrots
2 cups chopped cooked turkey
1/2 teaspoon no salt, or to taste
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper, or to taste
1/4 cup chopped cranberries
1/2 teaspoon lemon juice
3/4 cup Carnation ®evaporated milk

Directions:
Bring the wild rice and water to a boil in a saucepan. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the rice is tender but not mushy, 40 to 45 minutes. Drain off any excess liquid, fluff the rice with a fork, and cook uncovered 5 minutes more. Set the cooked rice aside.
Melt the butter and margerine in a soup pot over medium heat. Cook and stir the onion and celery until the onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in the flour, and cook until it turns a pale yellowish-brown color, 3 to 5 minutes. Gradually whisk in the turkey stock OR chicken Broth until no lumps of flour remain. Stir in the carrot. Bring the mixture to a simmer, and cook, whisking constantly, until the stock is thick and smooth and the carrot is tender, about 2 more minutes.
Stir in the wild rice, turkey, no salt, pepper, and cranberries. Return to a simmer, and cook 2 more minutes to heat the ingredients. Stir in the lemon juice and evaporated milk; bring the soup almost to a boil, and serve hot.

Submitter: 
Lerie
Description: 
Use your left-over turkey to make a surprisingly elegant cream soup full of tender wild rice and turkey, simmered in broth enriched with half-and-half. Slivered almonds add crunch.Modified from: Turkey Wild Rice Soup II
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
