URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62253131/cheesy-chicken-with-easy-marinara-sauce/
Title:
Cheesy Chicken with Easy Marinara Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/333853.jpg
Ingredients:
Easy Marina Sauce:
1 28oz can of crushed tomatoes
1 tbsp olive oil
1 small onion finely diced
2 cloves garlic minced
1/2 tsp dried oregano
1/2 tsp dried basil
1/4 tsp crushed red pepper
1 tbsp sugar
Chicken:
4 tbsp of olive oil or enough to coat the pan
4 boneless skinless chicken breast
1/4 cup of flour
1 cup dry Italian Bread crumbs
1 egg beaten
salt and pepper to taste
4 thick slices of fresh mozarella
4 medium slices of horseradish cheddar cheese

Directions:
Make marinara sauce first. Pour olive oil in medium saucepan. Saute onion until translucent. Add minced garlic. Do not burn garlic. Add crushed tomatoes, dried basil,oregano,crushed red pepper and sugar. Bring to a boil, cover and simmer for 1/2 hr.
While this is simmering prepare your chicken breasts. Heat oven to 350 degrees.
Flatten chicken slightly to make even cooking. Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper. Dip in flour then egg and finally the bread crumbs.
Heat olive oil into a large saute pan and add the chicken. Cook until light brown and remove from pan to an oven proof pan or if you are using a pan that can be used in the oven as well have them remain in the pan.
Cover pan and bake the chicken in the oven for 20-30 mins depending on the thickness. Remove chicken from the oven and spoon marinara sauce over the chicken and place mozzarella cheese and then the cheddar horseradish cheese on top of the sauce. Turn on broiler and place chicken back in the oven and broil until cheese melts and slightly brown. You should have some liquid in the bottom of the pan from the chicken.
If you like more sauce with the chicken you can add some of the marinara to the chicken juices and mix well.

Submitter: 
NainInCandia
Description: 
I created this when I had some fresh Mozzarella to use before it expired and I bought some Horseradish Cheddar Cheese. A little change from the usual Chicken Parmesan that is on our meal rotation quite frequently.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
40 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
