URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62253001/this-crust-honey-dough-pizza/
Title:
This Crust Honey Dough Pizza Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
DOUGH
1 lbs (or about 3 1/2 cups) high gluten flour
3/4 cups of warm water
2 tablespoons of vegetable oil
2 tablespoons of honey
1 1/2 teaspoons of active dry yeast
1 1/2 teaspoons sugar
1/2 teaspoon of salt
SAUCE
14oz. can of tomato puree
1/2 of fresh red bell pepper
1 tablespoon of fresh yellow onion (chopped)
1 tablespoon of minced garlic
1 tablespoon of white sugar
1 tablespoon of extra virgin olive oil
1 teaspoon of dried thyme
1 teaspoon of dried oregano
1/2 teaspoon salt (or to taste)
pinch of crush red peppers (optional)

Directions:
DOUGH
In a stand mixer with dough hook, add the water, oil, honey, yeast, sugar and salt. Mix until yeast has dissolved. On slow speed add the remanning ingredients and mix until a dough ball forms (about 4 min).
Place the dough in a large size bowl and cover with plastic. Let the dough sit for about 24 hours in the refrigerator. (IT IS VERY IMPORTANT TO LET THE DOUGH SIT FOR 24 HOURS AND ALLOW THE FULL FLAVORS TO DEVELOP). Take the dough out of the refrigerator 2 hours prior to use.
Preheat the over to 500 degrees.
Dust a work surface with flour and place the dough ball on top of it. Use a rolling pin to roll out the dough into a thin sheet (about 1/16 inch). Place the dough on a pizza screen or in a fitted pizza pan and trim the access dough from around the edges. Using a fork, poke the dough around to prevent bubble forming. Place the dough in the oven for about 3-4 minutes. If bubbles form burst them with a fork.
SAUCE
Mix all the ingredients in a blender.
Simmer in a pan for about 35-45 minutes. (this will allow some of the water to evaporate and form a thicker sauce)
Let the mixture cool completely.
PIZZA
Prepare all the pizza toppings that you desire
Set your oven to 375 degrees.
Place the pre-cooked dough on aluminum foil (if used pizza screen while pre-cooking)
Sauce the pre-cooked dough and cover it with desired toppings.
Place the pizza in the oven for 12 to 14 minutes.
Once cooked let it cool a little bit before cutting it. Letting it cool slightly will make it easier to cut.

Submitter: 
GK
Description: 
I finally found a perfect thin crust pizza recipe.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
