URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62255017/cinnaman-rolls/
Title:
CinnaMAN Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/334857.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup warm water
2 teaspoons of rapid rise yeast
2 Cups of milk
15 Tablespoons of melted butter
5 Cups of self-rising
2/3 cup of brown sugar
1/3 cup of white sugar
4 Tablespoons of cinnamon
Icing
2 teaspoons of milk
1 teaspoon of butter
1 teaspoon of vanilla (or almond) extract
1/2 cups of confectioner sugar

Directions:
Preheat oven at 400 degrees.
Place the yeast in warm water in a bowl and place to the side for a few minutes.
Melt the butter in a small bowl in the microwave.
In a large mixing bowl place the milk, 6 tablespoons of the melted butter, and the yeast/water mixture.
Stir in the five cups of flour, a cup at a time.
Sprinkle another cup of flour on your counter surface and place the dough on it. Knead enough of the flour into it until it is soft, but no longer sticky. With hands (not a rolling pin) flatten the dough out until it is about 3/4 inch thick and about 12inches by 16 inches.
Take another 6 Tablespoons of butter and spread on top of the dough.  Use spoon or hand to spread all over the top evenly.  Combine the sugar, brown sugar and cinnamon and sprinkle over the butter.
Cut with a pizza cutter (or knife) into strips about two inches wide going lengthwise. It will make 6 cinnamon rolls.  For smaller ones cut the other way.
Place in a 9x13 baking pan beside one another.  Press them down slightly. Take remaining three tablespoons of butter and spread over the top.
Bake at 400 degrees for approximately 22 minutes. Should be lightly browned on top.
Mix icing ingredients together well and place over the rolls while still slightly warm.  ENJOY!

Submitter: 
Mrs. CJR
Description: 
Man-sized Cinnamon Rolls!  Quick and Tasty!  It is a twist between a yeast dough and biscuit.  AMAZING taste!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
45
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
