URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62254086/ma-po-tofu--one-of-the-most-famous-sichuanszechuan-dishes/
Title:
Ma Po Tofu--One of the most famous Sichuan(Szechuan) Dishes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/334338.jpg
Ingredients:
1 box of soft tofu
2t Sichuan Bean sauce--chopped finely if there are whole beans
1t fermented black beans--chopped finely
1t ginger paste
2 green onion--chopped them finely.
1t peppercorn powder
1 1/2 cup Chicken stock (or water)
2t corn starch mix with 2t water

Directions:
How to make Ginger paste: use ratio 1:1 of water and ginger. Blend together in a blender. You may freeze into ice cubes. That way, you will be able to keep the paste for up to one month. If you make a small portion, you may keep it in the refrigerator for up to one week.
Cut the tofu into small cubes or thin squares. Boil a pot of water and put the tofu in for one minute. This will take out the excess soy flavor. Then drain the water and set the tofu aside. (You may put the tofu in cool water until you are ready to cook)
Heat up 1T vegetable oil in the frying pan until you can feel the heat above the frying pan. Put in the bean sauce and black bean, and stir evenly until the oil becomes red. Then put in the ginger paste and stir it evenly. Put in the chicken stock or water and tofu (make sure the liquid covers the tofu. Turn the stove to high heat until the stock simmers then turn the stove back to medium heat.
Let the tofu cooked in the liquid for at least 15 minutes. Then taste the liquid see if you need any additional salt. If not, pour in the corn starch water, and wait until the liquid thickens. Put the green onions on top. Transfer the tofu to a plate,then spray the pepper corn powder on top of the tofu. you are ready to serve.

Submitter: 
Tao,RN
Description: 
Ma Po Tofu is one of the most famous Sichuan dishes. It has a combination of spicy and ma flavor. ma means numbing. The use of peppercorn is what makes Sichuan food ma.Ma usually comes after the spicy. Peppercorn also has a great aroma. You may not like the ma sensation at first, but after you get used to it, you will always ask for more. Ma Po Tofu may be made with meat or vegetarian, what I am sharing today is a vegetarian Ma Po Tofu.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
