URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62257512/mimosas-bean-and-sausage-chowder/
Title:
Mimosa's Bean and Sausage Chowder Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/339678.jpg
Ingredients:
1 lb. breakfast sausage
1 lb. extra lean ground beef (ground chicken, pork or turkey may be substituted)
2 Tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
1 large or 2 medium onions, finely chopped
1 medium green bell pepper, finely chopped
2 cloves garlic, peeled and minced
4 cups red potatoes, peeled and cubed
3 carrots, peeled and sliced to medallions
2 medium dried bay leaves
1/2 teaspoon salt, or to taste
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, or to taste
1 Tablespoon Italian (herbs) seasoning
1 can dark red kidney beans
1 can cannellini beans
2 16 oz. cans petite diced tomatoes
1 can diced green chilis
1 32 oz carton chicken stock or broth
1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley

Directions:
In large stock pot or dutch oven, brown and crumble sausage and transfer to paper towels to drain.
In same pot, brown and crumble ground beef.  Transfer to paper towels to drain.
To stock pot, add extra virgin olive oil, onions and bell pepper.  Stir and cook on medium, about 5 minutes until just softened.
Add garlic to onion and pepper and cook another minute.
Add sausage and ground beef back to pot and stir to combine.
Add potatoes, carrots, bay leaves, salt and pepper, and cook another 5 minutes or so, stirring occasionally.
Add remainder of ingredients, EXCEPT for the parsley.  Increase heat to bring to simmer, cover loosely, reduce heat to medium low or low and simmer 45 minutes to 1 hour, stirring occasionally.
After simmering, add fresh parsley, stir and serve

Submitter: 
Jay Lynne Stuart
Description: 
This is a warm, stick to your ribs kind of chowder to fill you up on those cold and blustery winter days and nights.  Cook a pan of your best cornbread for sopping and you've got a treat!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1  h 40 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
