URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62253882/coconut-flour-oatmeal-raisin-cookie-balls/
Title:
Coconut Flour Oatmeal Raisin Cookie Balls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/334214.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup (1 stick) + 6 tablespoons grass-fed butter, softened
3/4 cup firmly-packed organic whole brown sugar
2 eggs
1 teaspoons organic vanilla extract
1 1/2 cups coconut flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon ground garam masala or ground cinnamon
1/8 teaspoon salt
3 cups rolled oats
1 cup organic dark or golden raisins

Directions:
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. In large bowl, beat butter and sugar on medium speed with an electric mixer until creamy. Add eggs and vanilla; mix well.
In a separate bowl combine coconut flour, baking soda, garam masala or cinnamon and salt. Add oats and raisins; mix until thoroughly combined. Then combine dry ingredients with the creamed sugar/egg.
Beat on low speed until well incorporated. (The mixture will have an oddly loose consistency due to the lack of liquid in this recipe, but fear not.)
Roll cookie dough into balls, using approximately 1 tablespoon of dough per ball. Place each dough ball on an ungreased cookie sheet.
ball on an ungreased cookie sheet.
Bake 10-12 min. (depending on your oven) until the cookies are golden brown on top. Remove from over, break one open and check the center. If the test cookie seems undercooked in the middle, return the baking sheet to the oven for 2 more minutes, being careful not to let the bottoms burn.
Remove the cookies from the oven, let cool for 1 minute on the cookie sheet. Transfer cookies to a plate or wire rack and cool completely.
Store in a zipper bag or tightly-covered container. These will keep for 7-10 days.

Submitter: 
CoconutGirl
Description: 
These little cookies are very different, but delicious. Made with gluten free oats they can be gluten free!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
