URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62258350/awesome-enchiladas---crock-pot-version/
Title:
Awesome Enchiladas - Crock Pot version Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breast meat - cut into chunks
1 (10.75 ounce) can  condensed cream of chicken soup
1 1/4 cups sour cream
1/4 teaspoon chili powder
1 tablespoon butter
1 small onion, chopped
1 (4 ounce) can chopped green chilies, drained
1 (1.25 ounce) package mild taco seasoning mix
1 cup water
1 teaspoon lime juice
1/2 teaspoon onion powder
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
5 (12 inch) flour tortillas
3 cups Cheddar cheese, shredded, divided in half
1 (10 ounce) can enchilada sauce
1 (6 ounce) can sliced black olives

Directions:
Put frozen chicken breasts in a crock pot with the taco seasoning, garlic powder, onion powder, chili powder, chopped onion plus a little water in the morning. Cook on low for 8 hours.
After cooked, shred the chicken. Add cream of chicken soup, sour cream, chili powder, green chilies and water. Cook in the crock pot on high for 15 minutes. Add lime juice.
Preheat an oven to 350 degrees. Spread some of the sauce mixture on the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Fill each tortilla with chicken mixture. Sprinkle Cheddar cheese over the chicken filling before folding the tortillas, reserving half of the shredded cheese for topping the enchiladas. Fold tortillas over the filling and place seam-side down in the prepared pan.
Pour enchilada sauce evenly over the enchiladas. Cover with the remaining 1 1/2 cups of Cheddar cheese. Bake in the preheated oven until filling is heated through and the cheese is melted and bubbling, about 25 minutes

Submitter: 
AffVid
Description: 
The secret to these enchiladas is in the seasonings! Shredding the chicken is the most time-consuming step, but it's worth it in the end. Serve them with sour cream and a side of Spanish rice.Modified from: Angela's Awesome Enchiladas
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
