URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62254842/mothers-schwein-a-braten-roast-pork/
Title:
Mother's Schwein-a-braten (Roast Pork) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3-4 lb. bone-in, Pork shoulder roast
Salt and pepper
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
2 yellow onions, diced
3-4 cups water or Chicken Broth
4 whole cloves
2 bay leaves
4 tablespoons flour
1/2 cup water
8 oz. sour cream

Directions:
Rinse pork roast with cold water, pat dry with paper towels.  Season liberally with salt and pepper on all sides.
Heat oil in a large pan.  Brown roast on all sides, until golden brown.  Transfer browned roast into slow cooker.
Cook onions in the pan until translucent, scraping up all the browned bits in the pan.  Add onions to the slow cooker.  Add water or Chicken Broth so that the liquid comes about 3/4 of the way up the sides of the pork roast.   Add whole cloves and bay leaves.
Cover with lid and cook on low for 8-9 hours or on high for 3-4 hours until the meat is almost falling off the bone.
Remove roast and slice.  Remove the bay leaves and cloves from the juices in the slow cooker.
In a small bowl mix the flour and water until all the lumps are gone.  Add the sour cream and mix well.  Add the sour cream/flour mixture to the juices in the slow cooker and stir to combine.  Add salt and pepper to taste.
Using an emersion blender, blend gravy until smooth and creamy.  Gravy can be blended in a blender or food processor.  Use caution when blending hot liquids in a blender or food processor.
Serve the roast with either dumplings, mashed potatoes or noodles and cover with gravy.

Submitter: 
Barbi
Description: 
This was my family favorite Sunday dinner when I was a young girl growing up.  My mother always braised the roast on the stove but I'm a busy working mom so I adapted the recipe for the slow cooker; that way I can make this anytime, not just on Sunday's when I am home to keep an eye on the stove. I serve this with Bavarian Style German Dumplings but it is equally delicious with mashed potatoes or served over noodles and we always have this with corn.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
