URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62265280/healthy-roasted-garlic-sauce-veggie-pizza/
Title:
Healthy Roasted Garlic Sauce Veggie Pizza Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/340975.jpg
Ingredients:
12-inch pizza crust, raw
Roasted Garlic Sauce
1 cup skim milk
2 tablespoons unsalted light butter
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper
2 heads roasted garlic
Veggie Pizza
1/2 cup roasted garlic sauce
2 ounces fresh spinach (just enough to cover the pizza)
2 roma tomatoes, sliced
4 ounces mushrooms, sliced
1/2 green bell pepper, sliced
1/4 red onion, sliced
4 ounces (about 1 cup) part-skim shredded mozzerella
1 ounce (about 1/4 cup) shredded fontina cheese
2 tablespoons fresh basil, cut chiffonade

Directions:
For roasted garlic:
Preheat oven to 350F
Cut the top 1/4 of the garlic heads off
Place them, cut side down on a foil-covered cookie sheet and rub them with olive oil and salt. Bake for about 1 hour and set aside until they are cool enough to handle. Carefully remove each clove and place in a bowl, Squeeze the heads to expel any cloves you can't pull out.
For sauce:
Slowly heat milk in a small saucepan, do not boil. Cover and remove from heat.
In a different pan, melt butter over medium heat. Once melted, slowly whisk in flour to create a roux.Cook several minutes, but do not allow it to darken. Gradually add the milk, whisking continuously. Add salt and cayenne. Continue to cook, whisking continuously, until sauce boils and thickens. Remove from heat and add roasted garlic. Put the mixture in a blender or food processor  and blend until smooth.
Veggie Pizza
Preheat oven to 400F
Top pizza with sauce, spreading it to within 1/2 inch of edge. Spread spinach, tomato, mushrooms, onion and peppers. Sprinkle with cheeses.
Bake until cheese melts and is light brown, 12-15 minutes. Top with basil and cut into 8 pieces.

Submitter: 
Scott Koeneman
Description: 
It tastes so good you'll think you're being bad!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
60
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
