URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62269425/he-jia-tuan-yuan--tofu-ball-soup-for-lunar-chinese-new-year/
Title:
He Jia Tuan Yuan--Tofu Ball Soup for Lunar Chinese New Year Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/343490.jpg
Ingredients:
1 box soft tofu (14 oz)
7 oz Ground Pork
3/8 cup of corn starch
1 egg
2 teaspoon chicken powder(optional)
1 teaspoon salt
5 cups of water (you may substitute some of the water with chicken stock)
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
10 dried shrimp
1 cup of Snow Pea spears (or other green leaf vegetable, see foot note for substitutions)

Directions:
Put the tofu in a big bowl, and use a big spoon to press it into a paste. Combine the pork, corn starch, egg, 1 teaspoon chicken powder(if you choose to use it), and salt with the tofu and mix well with a big spoon or chopstick in one direction.
Heat up the water with vegetable oil in a pot, turn it to medium heat when you see bubbles on the bottom of the pot.
Using gloved hands, take one tablespoon of tofu mixture, roll it in your palms until is is round then slide it carefully into the water. Repeat for the rest of the mixture.
No need to stir the soup, the tofu balls will rise to the surface of the liquid when they are done.
When all the tofu balls are floating on the surface of the soup, you may add the dried shrimp and the snow pea spears to the soup. Then turn off the heat right away. This will keep the fresh flavor of the snow pea spears.
Add 1 teaspoon of chicken powder and 1/4 teaspoon of salt to the soup. Then you are ready to serve.

Submitter: 
Tao,RN
Description: 
On Lunar Chinese New Year, we usually like to have meatballs or sweet dumplings. Ball in Chinese is wan, sweet dumpling in Chinese is tang yuan. Their shapes are both round. So we use a meatball dish and/or sweet dumpling dish to emphasize the Chinese expression He Jia Tuan Yuan. He Jia means the whole family. Tuan Yuan means all be together (yuan also means circle, round as well, which connects with the shape of the meatballs and the sweet dumplings). This tofu ball dish is easy to make and very healthy. It is a great soup for your Lunar New Year meal.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
