URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62264422/nanas-chicken-lettuce-wraps/
Title:
Nana's Chicken Lettuce Wraps Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Wrap:
1 head of crisp iceberg
Filling:
4 dried black mushrooms or mushrooms of your choice
1 lb chicken, diced small
1 tsp cornstarch
4 tsp Chinese rice wine or dry sherry
2 T vegetable oil
2 tsp fresh ginger, minced
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 red bell pepper, seeded and finely chopped
1 can water chestnuts, chopped
4 tsp chopped fresh cilantro
Sauce:
1/2 Cup hoisin sauce
1 T low sodium Soy Sauce
1 T chili garlic sauce
2 tsp sesame oil

Directions:
In small bowl cover mushrooms in warm water and soak for 15 minutes until softened, and drain.  Disgard stems, chop caps.
In a bowl, mix cornstarch and wine or sherry.  Add chicken, let stand for at least 10 minutes.
Combine all the sauce ingredients in a bowl and mix well.
Heat a sir fry pan over high heat until hot.  Add the oil, swirl to coat all sides.  Add ginger and garlic, cook for about 15 seconds until fragrant.  Add chicken mixture and stir fry 1 - 2 minutes, till no longer pink.  Add bell pepper, water chestnuts and mushrooms and stir fry 1-2 minutes until bell pepper is soft.
Remove from heat and stir in the cilantro.
To serve, arrange lettuce cups on a plate. Place chicken mixture and sauce in seperate bowls.  Each person can make their own by spooning the chicken into the lettuce cup and drizzling the sauce on top.  Fold the lettuce around the filling and enjoy.
I like to serve these with addtional fresh cilantro, match stick Jicama, bean sprouts and grated carrots.

Submitter: 
Baking Nana
Description: 
These light, low carb appetizers are a great starter for any meal or they can be an entree themselves.  Try variations by substituting any kind of meat or seafood - or leave the meat out if you want a vegetarian delight.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
