URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62269237/marias-slow-roasted-p-town-boneless-pork-loin/
Title:
Maria's Slow Roasted P Town Boneless Pork Loin Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/343395.jpg
Ingredients:
1 3-4 lb boneless pork loin
3 cloves of garlic sliced into thirds
1 tsp cumin
1 tsp coriander
1 tsp salt
1 tsp pepper
1 tbsp crushed red pepper
1 tsp paprika
1 tbsp dried rosemary
1 tbsp dried thyme
1 large onion sliced to medium slices
2 bay leaves
6 tbsp olive oil
1 lb chourico or linguica sausage cut into chunks with casing removed
1 cup white wine
1/2 cup water or chicken broth
4 carrots peeled and cut into thirds
2 russet potatoes peeled & cut into thirds
2 sweet potatoes peeled & cut into thirds

Directions:
Preheat oven to 250 degrees.
Make slits into pork roast to accomadate the sliced garlic. Push garlic into the slits.
Combine the cumin,coriander,paprika,crushed red pepper,rosemary,thyme,salt and pepper into a small bowl.
Rub 2 tbsp of olive oil on roast. Rub the herb/spice mixture on roast.
Add 4 tbsp of olive oil to a large oven proof baking/cooking casserole. Lightly brown the seasoned roast on the stove top and remove.
Saute the onion and the bay leaf slightly.
Place the onion and bay leaf on the bottom of the baking dish and put pork roast on top.
Pour wine and chicken broth or water to the sides  to cover 1/2 of the roast. Place the portuguese sausage around the roast.
Bake covered for 3 hours.
Add carrots,white and sweet potatoes the last hour and a 1/2 and cover.
Remove roast and let sit for 15 mins before slicing.
You may remove the vegetables and make a thickened gravy with the liquid or serve as is.

Submitter: 
NainInCandia
Description: 
A salute to a well seasoned portuguese pork roast that stays moist and has some eclectic seasonings to address all the taste buds that will not disappoint.
Maria was my mother-in-law and an awesome cook. I have added some of my own ingrediants and made some changes to bring out the spices in this flavorful dish.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
