URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62265324/creamy-artichoke-spinach-lasagna/
Title:
Creamy Artichoke Spinach Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
cooking spray
9 No cook lasagna noodles
1 onion, chopped
4 cloves garlic, chopped
1 (14.5 ounce) can vegetable broth
1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil
1 (14 ounce) can marinated artichoke hearts, drained and chopped
1 (10 ounce) package frozen chopped spinach, thawed, drained and squeezed dry or fresh
1 (28 ounce) jar alfredo sauce
3 cups shredded mozzarella cheese, divided
1 (4 ounce) package herb and garlic feta, crumbled
Chopped portabella mushrooms and a ricotta layer made up of ricotta cheese, 1 egg, mozzarella cheese, fresh parsley, and salt and pepper.

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).   Spray a 9x13 inch baking dish with cooking spray.
Spray a large skillet with cooking spray and heat on medium-high.  Saute onion and garlic for 3 minutes, or until onion is tender-crisp.  Stir in broth and basil; bring to a boil.  Stir in artichoke hearts, mushrooms, and spinach; reduce heat, cover and simmer 5 minutes.  Stir in alfredo sauce.
Spread 1/4 of the artichoke mixture in the bottom of the prepared baking dish; top with 3 no cook noodles.  Sprinkle 3/4 cup mozzarella cheese over noodles.  Repeat layers 2 more times, ending with artichoke mixture and mozzarella cheese.  Sprinkle crumbled feta on top.
Bake, covered, for 40 minutes.  Uncover, and bake 15 minutes more, or until hot and bubbly.  Let stand 10 minutes before cutting.

Submitter: 
Cookieman
Description: 
This is a fabulous lasagna made with a creamy artichoke and spinach mixture which has been cooked with vegetable broth, onions and garlic.  The mixture is layered with no cook lasagna noodles, alfredo sauce, mozzarella cheese, and topped with crumbled feta.Modified from: Artichoke Spinach Lasagna
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
