URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62266902/turkey-tex-mex-casserole/
Title:
Turkey Tex-Mex Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 tablespoons butter
1 pound button mushrooms, wiped clean, stems trimmed and quartered
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon black pepper
4 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 1/2 cups whole milk
2 1/2 cups turkey stock or canned, low sodium chicken broth
12 cups tortilla chips
3 to 3 1/2 cups diced roast turkey
2 cups finely chopped onions
1 cup finely chopped bell peppers
2 jalapeno peppers, stem and seeds removed and finely chopped (optional)
8 ounces Pepper Jack cheese, grated
8 ounces Cheddar cheese, grated
4 teaspoons chili powder
2 teaspoons ground cumin
1/4 teaspoon cayenne
1 cup drained and chopped canned tomatoes
One 4-ounce can diced green chilies, drained

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350°F.
Heat the butter in a skillet over high heat until foamy.
Add the mushrooms, ¼ teaspoon of salt, and the black pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms release their liquid. Continue to cook until mushrooms are golden brown and all liquid has evaporated, about 6 minutes.
Sprinkle the mushrooms with the flour, stir to blend, and cook for 1 minute.
Add the milk and stir, scraping the skillet to release any bits stuck to the bottom of the pan.
Cook until the mixture begins to thicken.
Add 1 ½ cups of the turkey broth, stir, and cook until thick and flavorful, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat.
Place the tortillas in the bottom of a glass 9 x 13-inch casserole and crush with your hands so that the tortillas form a thin layer on the bottom of the dish.
Pour the remaining 1 cup of the turkey broth over the tortillas and allow them to soak up the liquid.
Scatter the turkey pieces over the top of the tortilla layer.
Spread the chopped onions, bell peppers, and the minced jalapenos evenly over the turkey.
Top with half of the grated cheeses.
Sprinkle with the chili powder, cumin, remaining ½ teaspoon salt, and the cayenne .
Spoon the reserved mushroom mixture evenly over the top of the spices, then top with the tomatoes and green chilies.
Cover with the remainder of the cheeses.
Bake uncovered for 40 to 45 minutes, or until the cheese is bubbly and the casserole is heated through.
Let sit for 5 minutes before serving.
Tip: This casserole may be prepared in advance and frozen until ready to use – simply allow it to defrost and come to room temperature before baking.
Makes 8 to 10 servings
Recipe courtesy Emeril Lagasse, courtesy Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia, Inc.

Submitter: 
Doubletigers
Description: 
Thanksgiving Day is over, but you are left with lots of leftovers. Tired of trying to figure out what to do with the leftover turkey? This is where Emeril comes in with a tasty and easy leftovers recipe.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1
Ready in:
1
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
