URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62269713/roast-beef-and-yorkshire-puddings-with-roasted-butternut-squash/
Title:
Roast Beef and Yorkshire Puddings, with Roasted Butternut Squash Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/349487.jpg
Ingredients:
Roast Beef:
Beef for roasting (approx. 800 gms; 1 3/4 pounds)
Salt and Pepper (and optionally Mustard Powder)
Plain flour
A little fat or oil
------
Yorkshire Puddings:
Plain flour - 4 ounces
Eggs - 2
Milk and water mixture - 1/2 pint (slightly more milk than water - say 60/40%)
Salt and Pepper
Duck or goose fat / beef dripping / high temperature oil
------
Roasted Butternut Squash (see the footnotes)
1 Butternut Squash (probably just the "neck" required, depends on how much you want to serve)
Salt and Pepper
Brown Sugar
Melted butter

Directions:
2 methods of roasting beef. Preheat the oven. Once done, the cooked beef will keep its temperature for up to an hour at 60°C/140°F
a) Place the cooking dish (NOT metal - best is a dish with a channel surround to catch the juices - on a rack in the centre of the oven. We want it to be surrounded by hot air and to minimise sitting in its juices).
Pat into the surface all over a rubbing mixture of salt and pepper, optionally also Mustard Powder.
In a pan on medium/high heat, flash fry to lightly crust all sides of the Beef. This should take 5 (max 10) minutes.
Transfer to the warmed dish in the oven, and cook at 80°C/175°F (not a TYPO....that low is right!) for 90 minutes for succulent rare beef. Longer for medium, longer still for well done.
b) Rub a mixture of flour, mustard powder and black pepper into the fat surfaces particularly.
Place the meat in a roasting pan and put in the oven for 20 minutes at 240°C/475°F, then lower the heat to 190°C/375°F and cook for 15 minutes to the pound. This will give you rare. Add another 15 minutes for medium and another 15 minutes on top of that for well done.
---------
Yorkshire Puddings:
IMPORTANT - the cooking dish MUST be piping hot (220°C/425°F) when the mixture goes in. Cook individual puddings in say a muffin tray, or larger in a roasting dish or gratin dish(es). All these dishes must have the bases covered with a thin layer of fat/dripping/oil which MUST be hot.
Mix flour, eggs, milk/water and some salt and pepper together until smooth.
Add the mixture to the piping hot cooking dish(es) and return to the oven as quickly as possible, to minimise heat loss.
The puddings are done when they have risen and are golden. About 20 to 25 minutes, depending upon size.
Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Swiss Phil
Description: 
My guests keep asking me for repeats, so I think this is good, and simples!
There are 2 methods to roast the beef, a recipe for Yorkshire Puddings, and one for roasted Butternut Squash (in the footnotes!)
I prefer the first method for cooking my Beef, but sometimes juggling different oven temperatures gets a bit awkward. Hence the 2 methods given.
Beef filet is what I use mostly, but it also works with other roasting joints. Make sure that the Beef has been out of the fridge for an hour and is at room temperature before prepping. And preheat the oven to the required temperature.
Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
