URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62261134/gluten-free-variation-on-a-scottish-mince-pie/
Title:
Gluten Free Variation on a Scottish Mince Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 potatoes, sliced
Water to boil potatoes
3 tablespoons margarine/butter/shortening
4 cups water to cover
1 pound lean ground beef
1 large onion, minced
2 stalks celery, diced
1 green bell pepper, diced
1 red bell pepper, diced
1/4 cup beef broth
1 cup frozen peas and carrot mix
2 tablespoons cornstarch
1/4 cup water

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Lightly grease an 9" pie-pan.
Boil potatoes until soft enough to mash.
Mash potatoes.
Divide mashed potatoes in half. Set half aside. To one-half, add just enough potato water so that they stick together when pushed. (about 1/4 cup)
Press this mixture into greased pie plate.  This will serve as your crust.
Cook "crust" in pre-heated oven until lightly browned (approximately 20 minutes).
Place the ground beef in a large pot and pour in enough water to cover beef. Boil until beef is cooked through. (Approximately 6 minutes in Microwave on high.) Drain.
Add water to cover cooked beef.
Add onions, celery, peppers, and beef broth. Cook until the veggies are soft. Season with salt and pepper to your taste and make sure the filling has a nice beef flavor.
Combine 1/4 cup water with the cornstarch and stir until smooth. Add to the beef mixture and cook until mixture has thickened.
Add the frozen veggies and stir until everything is covered.
Pour beef mixture into the baked potato crust.
Mix the reserved mashed potatoes with enough milk so that they are fluffy.
Cover the top with the mashed potatoes.
Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 30 minutes or until crust is lightly browned.

Submitter: 
sparkytoo
Description: 
This is a gluten-free variation on a hearty, baked meat pie with everything in it.Modified from: Scottish Mince Pie
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
