URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62268131/lemon-icebox-pudding/
Title:
Lemon Icebox Pudding Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Crust:
1 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 cup margarine or butter, softened
1/2 cup chopped toasted almonds or pecans (optional)
1 Tbsp. powdered sugar
Cream Cheese Filling:
1 cup sifted powdered sugar
1 8 oz. pkg. cream cheese, softened
1 cup frozen whipped topping, thawed
Pudding Filling:
2 4-serving size pkg. lemon instant pudding mix
3 cups milk
2 Tbsp. lemon juice
Topping:
2 cups frozen whipped topping, thawed
1/4 cup chopped toasted almonds or pecans (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease a 9 x 13 baking dish.
For crust: In a medium bowl, stir together the flour, margarine or butter, 1/2 cup nuts and 1 Tbsp. powdered sugar until the mixture is crumbly. Press the crust mixture into the prepared baking dish. Bake in the 350 degree oven for 15 minutes. Remove and let the crust cool completely.
For the Cream Cheese Filling: In a medium bowl, stir together the 1 cup powdered sugar and the softened cream cheese until well combined. Fold in the 1 cup whipped topping. Spread the cream cheese mixture over the cooled crust.
For the Pudding Filling: In a large mixing bowl, combine the pudding mixes and milk. Beat with an electric mixer on low speed until the mixture is thickened. Stir in the lemon juice. Pour the pudding mixture evenly over the cream cheese layer, spreading to the edges. Chill for 20 minutes.
For topping: Spread 2 cups whipped topping over the pudding layer. Sprinkle with 1/4 cup nuts. Cover and refrigerate for several hours or overnight. Cut into squares to serve.

Submitter: 
Dottie
Description: 
My favorite go to dessert. A nutty baked crust layered with sweetened cream cheese, lemon pudding and frozen whipped topping.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 mins.
Ready in:
4 - 12 h
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
