URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62268133/pizza-dough-ii/
Title:
Pizza Dough II Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (.25 ounce) package active dry yeast
1 tablespoon white sugar
2 1/2 cups warm water (110 degrees F)
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 tablespoon salt
1/2 cup whole wheat flour
5 1/2 cups bread flour

Directions:
In a large mixing bowl, dissolve yeast and sugar in the warm water. Let sit until creamy; about 10 minutes.
Stir the olive oil, whole wheat flour, salt and 4 cups of the bread flour into the yeast mixture. Mix in the remaining flour, 1/2 cup at a time, stirring well after each addition. When the dough has pulled together, turn it out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic, about 8 minutes. Lightly oil a large mixing bowl, place the dough in the bowl and turn to coat with oil. Cover with a damp cloth and put in a warm place to rise until doubled in volume; about 1 hour.
Deflate the dough and turn it out onto a lightly floured surface. Divide the dough into three equal pieces and form into rounds. Cover the rounds and let them rest for about 10 minutes. Place pizza stone in oven, preheat oven to 500 degrees. Allow the pizza stone to heat for 30 minutes at this temperature. Meanwhile prepare your pizza on your floured pizza peel (be sure to give your pizza crust a little shake on the peel prior to putting on your toppings so that you can add more flour if necessary - doing this will ensure that it will slide off easily onto the stone ). Once you are sure your pizza will slide off easily, top it however you want and then slide it very carefully onto the stone in the oven. Heating the stone for 30 minutes prior to baking the pizza will ensure a thoroughly cooked crispy pizza crust. Watch your pizza very carefully as it will cook fast at this temperature.

Submitter: 
robertal
Description: 
A little whole-wheat flour makes this pizza crust chewy and flavorful.  The three-crust yield means you can freeze some for later use.Modified from: Pizza Dough II
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
