URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62269883/roast-tomato-soup/
Title:
Roast Tomato Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
* Tomatoes - 1 1/2 pounds (700 g) medium-sized ripe red
* Fresh basil leaves - small bunch around 3/4 ounce, 20g
* Extra Virgin Olive Oil - 3 or 4 tablespoons (lemon-scented works very well too!)
* Garlic - 1 fat clove, peeled and chopped
* Potato - 4 ounces (110g)
* Tomato purée - 1 heaped teaspoon (for a chilli bite use a small amount of harissa and then heap up the teaspoon with standard purée)
* Salt and pepper

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 190°C/375°F.
Peel the tomatoes. Do this by cutting a small cross that slices through the skin in the base and/or a cut around the waist, like the Equator runs round the Earth. Then place the tomatoes in a jug and cover with boiling water. (You may need to do this a few times if the jug isn't big enough, or if you are making larger quantities). Leave for 1 minute and then take a tomato out of the hot water. By pressing and sliding with your fingers and thumbs (use gloves/cloth if you are heat-sensitive), the skin simply peels off. Fresher tomatoes need more work. Remove the stalk-end hard bits if you like.
Slice the tomatoes in half, down through the stalk. Then place each half, cut side uppermost, on a roasting tray. You may need to slice a small piece off the waist so that the tomato halves don't wobble about.
Season the faces with salt and pepper, then add a few droplets of olive oil to each one. I use a teaspoon to distribute this.
Divide the chopped garlic over the upturned faces.
Now take the basil leaves, dip them in oil so that each is well coated, and place them on the top.
Fiddly bits now over!
Slide the roasting tray into the oven and roast for about 50 or 60 minutes. Or until the edges are slightly blackened.
About 30 minutes before the end of the roasting time, peel and chop the potato and place it in a saucepan with some boiling water (425ml/15 fluid ounces/ 1 3/4 cups) Bring back to the boil, add salt and tom purée, simmer for 20 minutes.
When the tomatoes are roasted, remove them from the oven and scrape them and all juices and crusty bits in the roasting tray into the potato pan. Blitz this into a not-too-uniform purée. If you wish, sieve out some or all of the seeds. (I leave 1/3 of the seeds in).
Reheat gently to serve.

Submitter: 
Swiss Phil
Description: 
Why bother? Just try it and see!
I usually have a tomato soup day and use 5 kilos of tomatoes (11 pounds) and end up freezing gallons of the stuff.
It is a tad fiddly to start with, but once prepped, it is simplicity itself. Serve with Basil Purée and Olive Croutons. Recipes will be posted soon for these!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
