URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62268398/buffalo-chicken-phyllo-wraps/
Title:
Buffalo Chicken Phyllo Wraps Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 phyllo sheets
2 chicken breasts
1/2 cup of light garlic cream cheese
3/4 cup Frank's Red Hot sauce
2 tbsp white vinegar
2 tbsp olive oil
salt & pepper to taste
Your choice of blue cheese dip/dressing

Directions:
Marinate chicken in 1/4 cup of the Frank's Red Hot sauce for 1 hour
Remove phyllo from fridge at least 1 hour before using.
Preheat oven to 350F.
In a large skillet, add 1 tbsp of olive oil and set to medium heat.
Add the chicken and cook until the juices run clear. Turn the heat off and shred the chicken.
Add the rest of the Frank's Red Hot sauce, vinegar and the cream cheese and mix until creamy.
Let cool before handling.
Lay out the 6 phyllo sheets on a flat surface and keep covered with a damp cloth. Remove one sheet at a time to a cutting board. Brush a thin line of oil down one side and fold over the sheet lengthwise. Now brush the top with a thin layer of oil.
Take 2 large heaping tbsp of the chicken mixture and place in the middle of the phyllo dough at one end leaving about an inch on the bottom and each side to fold.
Fold from the bottom over top the mixture. Then fold in each side one at a time and roll the wrap to the end.
Place the roll in a greased casserole dish and brush with olive oil. Repeat these steps until all are wrapped.
Put it in the oven for about 20-25 minutes, until the dough has browned a bit and looks flaky.
Let cool for a couple of minutes before serving with your choice of blue cheese dressing.

Submitter: 
Raquel Teixeira
Description: 
These can be made as an appetizer or main meal. They feel like the comfort food of chicken wings minus the extra fat! They are so delicious and best served with blue cheese dipping sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
