URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62265098/gang-up-chicken-with-vegetable-rice-pilaf/
Title:
Gang Up Chicken With Vegetable Rice Pilaf Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/340854.jpg
Ingredients:
4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, pounded thin or butterflied
3 Tbs balsamic vinegar
2 Tbs dijon mustard
2 Tbs extra virgin olive oil (EVOO)
Salt and pepper to taste
1 cup uncooked parboiled brown jasmine rice
2 cups low sodium, low fat chicken broth
1/2 (10-ounce) package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed
3 Tbs EVOO
3 leeks, sliced in half lengthwise, cleaned of grit, and sliced thinly
1/2 of a medium red onion, diced
1/2 of a medium red bell pepper, diced
1/2 tsp salt
3 cloves minced garlic
1 Tbs Italian seasoning
1/2 cup diced fresh mushrooms
1 can petite diced tomatoes, rinsed and drained
2 Tbs nutritional yeast
2 Tbs EVOO

Directions:
Combine 3 Tbs balsamic vinegar, 2 Tbs dijon mustard, and 2 Tbs EVOO in a medium mixing bowl.  Add the boneless skinless chicken breasts and coat well.  Let marinate on the countertop while preparing rice mixture.
Combine brown rice with chicken broth and spinach in a medium saucepan.  Bring to a boil, then cover, reduce heat, and simmer until rice is tender, about 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, heat 3 Tbs EVOO in a large skillet.  Add the sliced leeks, red onion, and red bell pepper.  Season with 1/2 teaspoon of salt and 1 Tbs Italian seasoning.  Sautee, stirring frequently, until leeks and onion are almost tender.  Add the garlic and mushrooms and continue to sautee until vegetables are tender.  Add the tomatoes and heat through.  Combine vegetable mixture with rice and spinach.  Stir in the nutritional yeast.  Cover and keep warm.
Wipe out the skillet used for sauteeing the vegetable mixture and heat the remaining 2 Tbs of EVOO over medium heat.  Season the chicken with salt and pepper to taste and sautee until browned on both sides and meat is no longer pink in the center.  Remove to a cutting board.  Slice thinly against the grain.
Serve chicken on top of a bed of the rice and vegetable mixture.

Submitter: 
Keri
Description: 
This is the dish I created with the list of ingredients from another Gang Up recipe.  It turned out pretty good!  In fact, my daughter wants it for her birthday dinner!!  Enjoy :-)  ~Keri
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
