URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62261505/shui-zhu-yu-sichuan-boiled-fish--nian-nian-you-yu--for-lunar-chinese-new-year/
Title:
Shui Zhu Yu (Sichuan boiled Fish)--"Nian Nian You Yu"--For Lunar Chinese New Year Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/338565.jpg
Ingredients:
Basa fish fillet (You may use any cod fish as a substitute)
3 to 4 thin pieces of ginger
1/4t white pepper powder
1/2t corn starch
1 egg white
4T vegetable oil
10 Sichuan Pepper Corn
5 Sichuan dried chili peppers (you may use other type of dried chili pepper)
3 to 4 celery--cut into finger width pieces
1 cups of Napa cabbage stem--cut into finger width pieces
2t Sichuan Bean Sauce--chopped finely if there are whole beans
2 cups water
2t garlic--chopped finely
1 sprig cilantro as garnish

Directions:
Cut the fish into bite size pieces, put in the ginger, white pepper powder, corn starch, and egg white as marinade. Set it aside, marinate the fish for a least 15 minutes.
Heat up 1T vegetable oil until you can feel the heat above the frying pan, put in the celebery and Napa cabbage. Stir fry for 5 minutes, transfer into a big bowl and set it aside.
Put 1T vegetable oil in the frying pan, heat it up until you can feel the heat above the frying pan. Put in the pepper corn and dried chili pepper. Keep stirring it until the dried chili peppers turn dark red (it will look almost black, so be careful not to burn the chili). Take the dried chili peppers and pepper corn out, cut the chili pepper into small pieces, mash the pepper corn finely and set it aside.
Add one more tablespoon of vegetable oil to the oil that you used to fry the pepper corn and dried chili peppers. Heat it up until you can feel the heat above the frying pan. Put the Sichuan bean sauce in, keep stirring until the oil turns red, then pour in 2 cups of water and turn the stove up to high until it simmers. Discard the ginger in the marinade and put the fish in the boiling water. Keep the water boiling until all the fish turn white. Transfer the fish and the soup into the bowl where the celery and Napa cabbage stems are.
Put the garlic, chopped dried chili peppers, and pepper corn on top of the soup. Heat up 1T vegetable oil until you see smoke coming out of the oil, then pour it on top of the of the garlic, chili pepper, and pepper corn.
Put on a sprig of cilantro as garnish, and you are ready to serve.
Enjoy the "Fish", and I wish you Nian Nian You Yu.

Submitter: 
Tao,RN
Description: 
Shui Zhu Yu is one of the most common Sichuan fish dishes. Shui Zhu is also one of the most famous Sichuan cooking style, its essential ingredient is Sichuan bean sauce. Shui means water, Zhu means boil. You might have also heard about Shui Zhu Niu Rou--they change from fish to beef. Even though I am supposed to have a whole fish for Lunar New Year, as I said, I want to combine a new idea with the authentic flavor of food. At least, I have fish (Yu), I am sure it might very well bring me the good fortune in the coming year.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
