URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62277534/gratin-dauphinois-potato-gratin/
Title:
Gratin Dauphinois (Potato Gratin) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/349480.jpg
Ingredients:
4 medium potatoes weighing about 450g (1 lb) in total when peeled
300 ml (1/2 pint) full-fat milk
100 ml (3 1/2 fl oz) double cream
8 gratings of nutmeg
100 g (4 ounces) Gruyère cheese, grated (Cheddar also works, but Gruyère somehow is better)
1/2 garlic clove
Salt
Freshly milled black pepper (can be white pepper if you like)

Directions:
Peel the potatoes and slice them thinly, about 2 mm (1/12 inch). A mandolin makes this job so simple. IMPORTANT - do NOT wash the potato slices as we need the starch to help thicken the cream.
On a medium heat, in a medium saucepan, bring the milk and cream to the boil. Add the sliced potatoes and stir to coat them each with the cream.
Season with the nutmeg, 5 pinches of salt and 2 pinches of pepper.
When the milk is back to the boil, reduce the heat and simmer for 8 to 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 120°C (250°F). At my altitude I need the oven hotter and use 130°C (270°F). Some people I know even have the oven hot to start with, then reduce the heat when the cream starts bubbling in the gratin dish.
While the potatoes are simmering in their cream, stir every 2 minutes or so, to prevent the mixture sticking to the base of the pan and to distribute heat evenly through the contents.
When the time is up, add the cheese to the mixture, stir it in well (gently, to avoid splashing any mixture out of the pan) and then remove the pan from the heat.
Use the garlic clove to rub around the gratin dish you are going to use. These quantities are perfect for an 8 inch round gratin dish. But you can use what you want. More than one if you like.
Pour the potato mixture into the gratin dish and scrape out the saucepan with a spatula, then use the spatula to spread the potato mixture evenly in the dish.
Place the dish in the oven and bake for 35 minutes; there should be tiny bubbles on the surface. The gratin is cooked when the tip of a sharp knife cuts into it with little resistance (you shouldn't feel the layers).
To brown the top, place under a hot grill (broiler) for 2 to 3 minutes.
The dish improves slightly if you let it rest for 5 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Sonya Jane
Description: 
Easy to do, delicious to eat. Seriously satisfying! Layers of potato cooked in a rich garlic cream with Gruyère cheese. This dish goes best with roast meat, particularly beef. It can be cooked an hour or more before the meal and then reheated 20 minutes before serving.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
