URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62277131/mint-choc-chip-biscotti/
Title:
Mint Choc Chip Biscotti Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/348499.jpg
Ingredients:
1/3 cup Butter, softened
2/3 cup white sugar
2 eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
½ teaspoon peppermint extract
½ cup Andes Crème de menthe baking chips
¼ cup chopped walnuts
1 ¾ cups all-purpose flour
1/3 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
2 teaspoons baking powder
1 egg yolk
1 tablespoon water
Melted chocolate to drizzle.

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).  Line baking sheet with parchment paper (so much easier than greased baking sheets).
In a large bowl, cream together the butter and sugar until smooth (I use my kitchenaid).  Beat in the eggs one at a time, and then add the vanilla and peppermint extract.  Combine the flour, baking powder and cocoa.  Stir into the creamed mixture until mixed well.  As the mixture will be quite stiff at this stage, add the chocolate chips and walnuts and stir by hand until everything is mixed well together.
Divide the dough equally into 2.  Shape into 9x2x1 inch loaves.  Place onto the parchment lined baking sheet, 4 inches apart.  Brush the tops with the egg yolk and water mixture.  Bake for 20 minutes in the preheated oven until firm.
Remove the loaves along with the parchment paper and place on a wire rack to cool for 10 minutes.  (Do not let it cool for longer, as this is often one of the problems why people have crumbling Biscotti.)
Cut each of the loaves into 12 slices using a sharp serrated knife.  Return the slices to the baking tray (no need to use the parchment paper) and bake on each side for a further 10 minutes until dry, taking extra care to make sure they don’t burn.
Leave to completely cool on the wire rack, once cool drizzle with melted chocolate.

Submitter: 
TheBritishBaker
Description: 
A wonderful chocolate and walnut biscotti with a hint of mint.  Perfect served with a cup of hot chocolate, tea or coffee.  Highly addictive!!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
