URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62276061/pineapple-baked-rice--main-course-for-lunar-chinese-new-year/
Title:
Pineapple Baked Rice--Main Course for Lunar Chinese New Year Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/347791.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup Thai Jasmine rice
1 pineapple
One Chinese sausage (Chinese name:Xiang Chang)--cut into thin slices
4 tablespoon vegetable oil
2 eggs
1/4 cup peas
1/4 cup corn
1/4 cup carrot--cut in fine cubes
1/4 cup onion--cut in small pieces

Directions:
Rinse the rice and put it in the rice cooker with 3/4 cup of water, and turn the rice cooker on.
Cut the pineapple in half lengthwise. If the pineapple is small, cut 1/4 of it for the lid and use the other 3/4 for the bowl. Use a knife to cut out the pineapple. Take 1/2 cup of the pineapple and cut it into fine cubes and save the rest for something else later. Put the pineapple bowls in the oven at 300 degree for 5 minutes, this will release the flavor of the pineapple.
Heat up a frying pan without oil, then stir the Chinese sausage until the oil comes out. Save the oil for later.
Beat the eggs evenly, and fry them in a non-stick pan with 2T of oil. Cut into small pieces and set it aside.
When the rice is done, use a paddle to fluff the rice.
Add 2T oil with the oil from the sausage and heat it up until you can feel the heat above the frying pan. Add the carrot first and stir it for one minute. Put in the onions, peas and corn. Stir fry  until the onion become soft.
Add half of the rice, stirring evenly until all the other ingredients are mixed with the rice, then add the rest of the rice. Mix everything evenly before putting in the Chinese sausage. Add the eggs. Finally, put in the pineapple cubes and mix everything evenly.
Transfer the fried rice into the pineapple bowls. Cover it with foil (or the top part of pineapple if you cut 1/4 of the pineapple off) and bake at 350 degree for 15 minutes. Then you are ready to serve! Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Tao,RN
Description: 
Pineapple Baked Rice uses a pineapple skin as a bowl, stuffing it with fried rice. After you bake it for 15 minutes, the pineapple flavor will go into the rice and your whole house will be filled with pineapple aroma!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
