URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62272838/crock-pot-alabama-pulled-bbq-chicken/
Title:
Crock-pot Alabama Pulled BBQ Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1    (3 to 4 pound) whole chicken, remove most skin
3/4  tsp salt
1/2  tsp black pepper
1/2  tsp paprika
1/4  tsp poultry seasoning
1/2  cup water
1    medium onion sliced 1/4 to 3/8 inch thick, do not separate individual rings
1/2  tsp liquid smoke
3    garlic cloves
1-2  TBSP Butter, softened or melted
FOR SAUCE
3/4 cup real mayonnaise
2   TBSP Cider Vinegar
1/2 tsp salt
2   tsp sugar
1/4 tsp black pepper
1/4 tsp cayenne pepper

Directions:
Place thick sliced onions on bottom of crock
Skin and rinse the chicken, inside and out, under cold running water.  Pat dry with paper towels.  Rub chicken all over with softened butter or melt butter and use a brush. Place the garlic cloves inside cavity.
Mix salt, pepper, paprika, poultry seasoning, in small bowl then sprinkle over back of bird, place into crock back-side down, finish sprinkling seasoning over breast, legs etc that are top up.
Add ½ cup water and sprinkle the liquid smoke over bird.
Cook on high for 1 hour, then low for 8 hours. Mix all ingredients for sauce and refrigerate at least an hour before the next step.
Remove chicken to a plate chunks at a time to carefully remove all bones. (It should be falling apart.)  Then pull apart all meat with two forks, cut onions in half (or smaller pieces) and put meat and onions back into crock to absorb the juices (may need to add 1/4 cup water).
Add 2-3 TBSP Alabama BBQ sauce and continue on low for 1 hour (the sauce will begin to break down if heated too long)  then serve on buns or plain. Keep remaining sauce refrigerated until ready to serve. Great to spread on sandwich, lettuce leaf, or drizzle over chicken on plate.

Submitter: 
Cara
Description: 
Tender pulled chicken with a southern white sauce. This wonderful pulled chicken has the perfect balance of seasoning with a hint of Alabama BBQ. The sauce is not overly powerful but you can always add more or leave it off and still have a great tasting pulled chicken for sandwiches or plain. I searched and searched for an easy crock-pot pulled chicken recipe that would be similar to a popular BBQ restaurant.  I never found one, so here's my own recipe. My family of six LOVES this.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
