URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62279577/the-divas-mac-n-cheese/
Title:
The Diva’s Mac ‘n Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/350157.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 pound elbow macaroni
2 tbsps light butter with canola oil
2 tbsps whole wheat or all-purpose flour
1 cup plain soy milk, at room temperature
4 ounces low-fat American cheese, cubed
1/2 cup shredded sharp, low-fat cheddar cheese
6 ounces soft, silken tofu, drained
1/2 tsp salt
½ tsp black pepper
¼ tsp cayenne pepper
½ tsp freshly grated nutmeg
1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese
1 tsp ground paprika

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350F. Coat an 11x7 baking dish with cooking spray. Prepare the macaroni according to package directions. Drain and place in the prepared baking dish. Stir in ½ tablespoon of the butter and toss to coat the macaroni. Melt the remaining butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in the flour and cook for 2-3 minutes, stirring constantly. Increase the heat to high and whisk in the soy milk, stirring constantly. Bring the mixture to a boil, stirring until the sauce is somewhat smooth and thick. Reduce the heat to low. Add the American and cheddar cheeses, and tofu. Cook, stirring sauce for 6-8 minutes, or until cheese is fully melted. The tofu will not completely dissolve and there will be lumps. Don't worry, it will all smooth out during the baking process. Stir in the salt, black pepper, cayenne pepper, and nutmeg. Pour the sauce mixture over the cooked pasta and mix well. Stir in ½ cup of the Parmesan and smooth out the top of the casserole. Sprinkle the remaining Parmesan cheese and paprika on top. Bake for 30 minutes or until the casserole is bubbling and top begins to brown.

Submitter: 
Hillari Brenza
Description: 
Learn how to turn this favored comfort food into a heart-healthy, guilt-free dish!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
