URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62275527/pesto/
Title:
Pesto Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
* Pine nuts (can also be hazel nuts or cashews) - 2 Tablespoons
* Garlic - 1 large clove
* Fresh Basil - 2 large handfuls, leaves only, no stalky bits
* Extra Virgin Olive Oil - probably around 6 Tablespoons
* Salt and Freshly ground black pepper for seasoning
* Grated Parmesan - 1 Tablespoon
-------
You will also need a bowl of iced water handy.

Directions:
Toast your nuts gently (oh I have always wanted to say THAT!) in a dry frying pan. Do NOT have the heat high, as particularly pine nuts can burn easily. Get the pan warmish hot and toss the nuts around for the few minutes it takes to get most of them golden brown. When done, drop them in a blender. If any are burnt, then make sure that you discard them.
Peel the garlic clove and drop that in the blender too.
Add a dash of oil and whizz, just 2 or 3 pulses.
Meanwhile, bring a pan of water to the boil. This does not need to be salted, we just want hot water.
We also need a bowl of iced water standing by.
Take the Basil leaves and drop them in the boiling water and swirl them about until they have all darkened. About 15 seconds. Yes, that short a time! Maybe you might do this in 2 batches, it depends on your pan size and your dexterity.
Take the basil leaves out of the boiling water and dunk immediately in the iced water. This process brings out the flavour and the colour of the Basil, and "locks" the colour in. If you leave the leaves too long in the boiling water, then they start to cook and lose the values we are looking for! The iced water stops the cooking process immediately.
Scoop out the leaves from the iced water and squeeze to remove as much water as possible.
Drop the leaves into the blender and add 1 or 2 Tablespoons of the oil.
Blitz - on PULSE only - and add oil as you go, to get the required consistency.
Optionally, add the Parmesan, and then you may well need a dash more oil.
Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Store for use in either a jar, or in the freezer.
Tip .... if you are freezing it, then freeze it first in ice trays before storing the "cubes" in a large Ziploc bag. That way you can easily get portionable amounts when you need it.

Submitter: 
Swiss Phil
Description: 
A classic spaghetti sauce also useful for dips. I make a HUGE batch and then freeze it. You can also use it to coat bread (Ciabatta is best) either sliced or diced, and then baked to make a nice nibble or Croutons!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
