URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62272049/open-faced-mediterranean-turkey-burgers-with-chunky-tzatziki-sauce/
Title:
Open-Faced Mediterranean Turkey Burgers with Chunky Tzatziki Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
approx. 1 lb ground extra lean turkey
1 egg, beaten
approx. 1/3 cup breadcrumbs
1/2 cup crumbled light feta
2 cloves garlic, minced or grated
1/3 cup fresh mint, chopped to your liking
dash of oregano
salt and pepper to taste
1 cup plain yogurt
1/4 cup fresh mint, chopped fine
half a long English cucumber, diced in small chunks
2 cloves garlic, minced or grated
salt and pepper to taste
splash of lemon juice
2 tbsp olive oil
lemon juice
4 thick, pocketless pitas (or similar bread of your choice)

Directions:
Combine the ground turkey, egg, breadcrumbs, feta, garlic, mint, oregano, salt and pepper in a bowl and mix together with your hands. Form four equal patties with your meat mixture, making them a bit thicker on the edges than in the middle (to ensure even cooking and patties that stay flat). Chill the formed patties in the fridge for an hour or two.
Combine the yogurt, mint, cucumber, garlic, salt, pepper and just a bit of lemon juice in a bowl, and stir. Chill for about an hour (or more, if you want).
Cook the burgers over medium-low heat in 2 tbsp olive oil, about 5-6 mins per side. Right after you flip them midway through, drizzle each patty with a bit of lemon juice. After about 10-12 minutes total cooking time, turn the heat off and cover your skillet (leaving it on the hot element that you just turned off) - they'll continue to cook a bit. Warm the pitas in the oven (at about 350) for 5-7 minutes.
Place a warm pita on a plate, top with a turkey patty, then with your desired amount of the chunky tzatziki sauce. Enjoy (with a fork and knife!)

Submitter: 
Alex
Description: 
Juicy turkey burgers with some Greek flavours mixed in! You can customize the amount of the ingredients added to the ground turkey to your own tastes, of course.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
60 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
