URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62275646/sausage-apple-and-cheddar-plait/
Title:
Sausage, Apple and Cheddar Plait Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 - 17 oz. (500 g) package frozen puff pastry, thawed (2 sheets)
1 lb. (450 g) bulk pork or turkey sausage (Uncooked sausage)
1 lb. (450 g) sharp Cheddar cheese, shredded
2 large Apples, peeled, cored and chopped
1 large yellow onion, chopped
3/4 cup (185 ml) dried herb stuffing, store-bought or homemade
2 eggs
1 tbsp. canola or corn oil

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400° F (200° C). Lightly butter a large baking sheet.
Heat the oil in a large heavy skillet over medium-low heat. Add the sausage and onion, and sauté them until the sausage browns and the onions are translucent, about 10 minutes.
Drain off the excess fat. Transfer the mixture to a large bowl, add the apples, cheese and stuffing and stir to combine well.
Beat one of the eggs, add it to the sausage mixture, and stir to combine.
On a lightly floured work surface, roll out each of the 2 pastry sheets to a 14 by 18" rectangle.
Spoon half of the sausage filling lengthwise down the centre of each rectangle, starting 3 inches from the top and ending 3 inches from the bottom.
Cut the pastry on either side of the sausage filling into diagonal strips about 1/2 inch wide. Fold the strips, alternately from each side over the filling to create a lattice or braid effect. Repeat the process with the second pastry sheet.
Beat the remaining egg with a few drops of water. Brush the egg wash over both pastries. Place on prepared baking sheet and bake for 30 minutes, or until the pastries are puffed and golden brown. Serve hot.

Submitter: 
Sonya Jane
Description: 
The State of Bliss - Washington on the Western U.S. coast. A unique style of cooking, termed Pacific Northwest cuisine, has grown up around all the local products. Characterized by its use of the freshest vegetables and fruit, locally-raised meats and Pacific fish and seafood, this is a delicious and healthful cuisine that lets the flavours of its ingredients shine through, often enhanced by a judicious use of international flavors, particularly Asian. I stumbled across this recipe and am a fan. And this is like EASY to do.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
