URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62279470/hamentashen-with-brownie-filling/
Title:
Hamentashen with Brownie Filling Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/350094.jpg
Ingredients:
3 eggs
1 cup sugar
3/4 cup oil
1/3 cup apple juice or orange juice
5 cups flour
3 tsp vanilla extract
1 tbsp. lemon juice
3 tsp baking powder
1 box Dunkin Hines Brownies
1 egg
1 tbsp. water

Directions:
Beat eggs and sugar until creamy.
Add oil, juice and extract.
Mix baking powder into flour and mix into wet ingredients to form a dough. Wrap dough in plastic wrap or plastic zip bag and refrigerate for a few hours, or over night.
Prepare Brownie  batter according to box directions(I usually make it according to the low fat version). Refrigerate brownie batter for a few hours, or over night.
Let  cookie dough come to room temperature for about 30 minutes. On a long piece of parchment paper, roll some dough out into a thin layer. Use a circular shape to cut large circles in the dough. Remove the excess cookie dough.
Using 2 spoons, place 1 tablespoon of chilled brownie batter in the center of each cookie circle.
Mix 1 egg and 1 tbsp. of water to make an egg wash. Brush the cookie dough with the egg wash.
Fold the cookie into a triangular shape. Fold the bottom part of the circle up, partially overlaping some of the brownie filling. Then bring the other 2 sides of the cookie over some of the brownie batter to make a triangular shape.
Pinch and seal the three corners closed and brush the hamentashen with egg wash.
Bake at 375 for approx. 10 minutes (until bottom is lightly golden).

Submitter: 
Chef4Six
Description: 
Here is a twist on the classic Hamentashen cookie eaten on the Jewish Holiday of Purim. Instead of filling this triangular shaped cookie with jam or poppy seeds, these Hamentashen are filled with brownie batter. Absolutely delicious!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m, plus chilling
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
