URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62274238/surekhas-chilli-chicken/
Title:
Surekha's Chilli Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 or 2 Garlic cloves.
Chilli peppers - your choice of what sort and how many.
1 Skinless, boneless chicken breast.
Soysauce - to taste, but I use around an egg-cup full.
Dry Sherry or Sake (Mirin) - likewise, to taste but I use around an egg-cup full. This is an optional ingredient.
Red and yellow bell peppers (green as well if you want).
Small bunch of Spring Onions (Scallions).
Green beans - maybe a handful (that's a measure btw, not a comment! Lol).

Directions:
Peel the garlic(s) and flatten them by holding a broad knife on top of them and slamming the heel of your hand down.
Slit or chop the chillies. Your choice of how many of what sort. Remember that the heat is in the internal membranes that hold the seeds in, so some people slit the chillies and scrape out the insides, leaving only a mild chilli taste. (IF YOU DO THIS, DO NOT RUB YOUR EYES WITH YOUR FINGERS UNTIL YOU HAVE RINSED THE CHILLI OILS OFF YOUR FINGERS)
Cut the chicken breast into bite-sized pieces.
Slice the required amount of peppers into thinnish strips. I use around 1/4 of each of a red and a yellow pepper. I rarely use a green pepper - for me they taste just a tad bitter.
Chop the Spring Onions (scallions) into bite-able bits, around 1/2 to 1 inch long. Again use as many or as little as you like. It's YOUR taste that counts. If the bulbs are large, then slice the bulbs thinly.
If the green beans are longer than a comfortable bite-size, then I suggest you chop them down a bit. (By the way, frozen beans work just as well!)
Heat a little oil in a wok or a chef's pan.
When hot, scrape in the flattened garlic(s) and their juices.
After 5 or 10 seconds, scrape into the wok the prepared chillies.
A few more seconds and drop in the chicken pieces.
Stir until the meat changes colour from pink to white.
Add the soy and optionally the Sherry/Sake. Stir well.
Then add the peppers, spring onions and green beans.
Stir fry until the beans are cooked. I find this dish tastes best when the vegetables still have a slight crunch to them, but my wife prefers them soft.
Pour the contents of the wok onto a (warmed) plate.
Serve with rice if you like.

Submitter: 
Swiss Phil
Description: 
A definite hit in the German pub/restaurant run by an Indian woman married to a Brit. Simple to do, and delicious too. This is a base recipe, it can be varied .... see the footnotes. It is essentially a stir fry.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
