URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62274273/moms-chocolate-eclairs/
Title:
Mom's Chocolate Eclairs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/665490.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup butter or margarine
1 cup water
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup sifted all-purpose flour
4 eggs, unbeaten
1 package vanilla pudding and pie filling mix
1/2 cup heavy cream
1- 6oz package of semisweet-chocolate pieces
2 tablespoons shortening

Directions:
Pre heat oven to 400 degrees F.
In a large sauce pan combine water, butter, and salt.
Heat on medium until water boils and butter melts.
Turn heat to low and add flour.
Beat mixture vigorously until it leaves the side of the pan in a smooth, compact ball.
Immediatley remove from heat.
With a wooden spoon or electric mixer on medium speed, beat in eggs one at a time, beating until smooth with each addition.  When all eggs are blended, beat the mixture until satiny.
Drop dough by heaping tablespoons onto parchment lined or ungreased cookie sheets, about 2 inches apart, in rows 6 inches apart.  Using a small spatula, or clean damped fingers, shape into 5" X 1" rectangles, with straight sides, rounded ends, and smooth tops.
Bake for 35 - 40 minutes or until golden brown.  Loosen them with a spatula and transfere them to a wire rack to cool.
Make the pudding as directed, but only use 1 1/2 cups milk.  Place a piece of wax paper directley on the pudding surface and refridgerate.  When the pudding is cold whip the cream.  Remove the pudding from the fridge and beat the pudding until smooth.  Fold in the whipped cream.
Cut the eclairs lengthwise, fill cavities with pudding , and replace tops.
In a double boiler melt chocolate and shortening until smooth.  put wax paper under wire rack and spoon chocolate over eclairs.
Refridgerate eclairs until ready to serve.

Submitter: 
Denise
Description: 
My Mom has had this recipe for a little over 40 years.  It has been a favorite in our family for that long!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min.
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
