URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62277518/perfect-chicken-liver-pate/
Title:
Perfect Chicken Liver Paté Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
200 ml (7 fl oz) Milk
200 ml (7 fl oz) Water
4 pinches Salt
400g (14 oz) Fresh Chicken Livers (does also work with frozen that have been thawed, but I believe in fresh wherever possible)
100 ml (3 1/2 fl oz) dry Madeira
100 ml (3 1/2 fl oz) ruby Port
1 large shallot, finely chopped
1 teaspoon fresh thyme, finely chopped
50 ml (2 fl oz) Cognac (I add a touch more than this. I would guess that Bourbon would also work, but have never tried it!)
1 garlic clove, crushed
400 g (14 oz) unsalted butter, diced (see footnotes for why we dice it)
5 organic or free range eggs (ordinary battery farm eggs are OK, but I try not to encourage mass farming practices)
(Sea) salt and freshly milled black pepper
159 g (5 oz) butter
One terrine mould, standard size, 23 x 9 x 7.5 cm (9 x 3 1/2 x 3 inches) to give a great shape, but any paté mould will do actually, as long as the mixture ends up being at least 1 1/2 inches deep. You can also make this in individual ramequins or in 2 or 3 or 4 or 5 etc etc moulds. I will proceed assuming just the one standard sized mould)

Directions:
Preparing the livers: Check them carefully - trim off any trace of green.
In a large bowl put livers, milk, water and the 4 pinches of salt. Leave to soak for 6 hours, then drain well and rinse.
Preparing the flavourings: On a high heat, in a small saucepan, boil the Madeira, Port, shallot and thyme until reduced by half.
Add the cognac and garlic. Boil for a further 10 seconds, then remove from the heat and allow to cool.
Making the parfait: On a low heat, in a small saucepan, melt the diced butter without letting it colour.
Remove from heat and keep warm.
Preheat oven to 150°C/300°F
In a blender purée the livers for 30 seconds, add the alcohol, the shallot mixture and the eggs and blend for at least 3 mins, maybe 5, until silky smooth.
*** Please read footnotes about quantities ***
With the blender running, gradually pour in the warm melted butter and finally add 12 pinches of salt and 5 of pepper (adjust these quantities with experience)
Cooking it: Strain the mix thru a fine sieve and pour into mould.
Place this in a roasting tin on the oven shelf. Cover loosely with greaseproof paper and pour boiling water into roasting tin until 2/3 way up the mould. Cook for 40-50 minutes. The top of the parfait will be slightly raised and rounded. (core temp 65-70° (150-160°F) )
Remove from oven and its bath and leave to cool at room temp for 2 hours.
Melt remaining butter and pour over the top to prevent discolouration.
Cover with clingfilm (Saranwrap) and put in fridge for at least a day, preferably 2 which brings out best flavours.
To remove from mould, dip the mould in hot water for a few minutes, then use a hot knife to loosen the edges. Turn out onto a serving plate or a board.
Frenchbread or toast, a slice of parfait, a glass of red. MMMMMMMmmmmmmmmm!!!!

Submitter: 
Sonya Jane
Description: 
Decadence pure! .... Go away if you are not strong-willed! .... Don't be put off by the 'Cholesterol City' quantities of stuff here. Just make it, slice it, freeze it, and thaw out a slice when you want something so GOOOOOOOoooooood! And a slice ain't gonna go straight to the hips is it?
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 mins total
Ready in:
2 d, after resting
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
