URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62272974/jans-soft-pretzels-n-beer/
Title:
Jan's Soft Pretzels-N-Beer Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/347813.jpg
Ingredients:
12 ounces warm beer
1 tablespoon brown sugar
2 teaspoons kosher salt
1 tablespoon instant yeast
4 1/2 to 5 cups bread flour
4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted
Large pot of boiling water
1/2 cup baking soda
1 large egg yolk beaten with 1 tablespoon water
4 tablespoons kosher salt

Directions:
Place beer, sugar, salt, yeast, butter and 4 cups flour in your bread machine. Select the dough cycle.  Once dough begins to mix you will know if you need to add more flour.  Add flour a tablespoon at a time until dough pulls together and away from sides of pan - it should form a smooth ball the machine can easily manipulate.  You man not need all the flour.
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Line 2 cookie sheet pans with parchment paper or well oiled foil.
Bring the water and the baking soda to a rolling boil.
In the meantime, turn the dough out onto a slightly oiled work surface (yes, NO flour!) and divide into 12 equal pieces. Roll out each piece of dough into a 24-inch rope. Make a U-shape with the rope, holding the ends of the rope, cross them over each other and press onto the bottom of the U in order to form the shape of a pretzel. The dough will want to shrink a bit and you need to secure the dough at the contact points so it won't separate in the water bath. Place onto the parchment-lined pan.
Place the pretzels into the boiling water, one at a time, for 30 seconds. Remove to the cookie sheets.  Brush each pretzel with the egg yolk and water mixture and sprinkle with the kosher salt. Bake until dark golden brown, about 15 minutes.

Submitter: 
What's for dinner, mom?
Description: 
Traditional pretzels made with beer for a great snack!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
