URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62273171/perfect-bolognese/
Title:
Perfect Bolognese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/556049.jpg
Ingredients:
4 Tbsp. butter
4 Tbsp. olive oil
2 carrots, finely chopped
2 ribs celery, finely chopped
1/4 cup finely chopped parsley
1 small white or yellow onion, finely chopped
Salt
1 lb. lean ground beef
1 lb. ground veal or pork (or another pound of beef)
Freshly ground pepper to taste
1 tsp. thyme
1 tsp. oregano
1/4 tsp. ground nutmeg
1 cup wine (a good hearty red or dry white)
2 cups whole milk
28 oz. can crushed tomatoes
14 oz. can good quality whole tomatoes

Directions:
Place butter, oil, carrots, celery, parsley, onion and 1 tsp. salt in a large, heavy Dutch oven.  Cover and place over medium heat.  Cook, stirring occasionally until butter has melted then uncover and cook until vegetables soften and lose some of their brightness, but do not brown.
Add meat, crush and stir with a large spoon till fully cooked, about 10 minutes; drain grease from pan.  Season mixture with another tsp. of salt, a generous amount of fresh ground pepper, thyme, oregano, and nutmeg. Add wine, turn heat up to medium high and cook, stirring constantly, until wine evaporates and there is almost no liquid at bottom of pot, about 10 minutes.
Pour milk into pot and bring to a simmer.  Simmer slowly until the milk evaporates, about 45 minutes.  Check pot frequently and stir as needed to make sure nothing is sticking to the bottom of the pot.
Add whole tomatoes, crushing them with your hands as you add them to the pot.  Add crushed tomatoes.  Fill empty can of crushed tomatoes about 3/4 full with water and add to pot.  Bring mixture almost to a boil and then turn down heat to a very low simmer and cook for 3 hours uncovered, check and stir occasionally.

Submitter: 
Valerie Brunmeier
Description: 
A true Bolognese is a rich sauce with chopped vegetables, meat, milk, and tomatoes. My version adds white wine for further complexity.  The cooking process should be gentle and it needs to simmer low and slow to reach it's full richness and consistency.  

Make a batch on the weekend and have it available for quick, delicious pasta meals through the week.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
