URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62276679/chocolate-fudge-sandwich-cookies/
Title:
Chocolate Fudge Sandwich Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup cornstarch
1 3/4 cups flour
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup butter, softened
1/2 cup powdered sugar
1 tablespoon vanilla
2 ounces semisweet or bittersweet chocolate
1 tablespoon unsweetened baking cocoa powder
1 cup chocolate fudge topping
1 cup melted semi-sweet or dark chocolate chips

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Chop the  2 ounces semisweet chocolate into small pieces. Place chocolate into a bowl, and place the bowl over a pot of just simmering water. Make sure that the bottom of the bowl does not touch the water.   Remove pot from heat, and stir the chocolate occasionally until it's melted. Or melt chocolate in microwave. Let cool slightly.
Place the cornstarch, flour, baking powder, and salt in a bowl. Mix with a wooden spoon until blended.
Add the butter to the flour mixture, and blend with the electric mixer until just mixed.
Add the powdered sugar and vanilla and mix until smooth.
Stir in the 2 ounces melted chocolate and unsweetened baking cocoa until smooth and blended. If dough is crumbly add a tablespoon of water.
Let cookie dough rest in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.
Roll the dough out to 3/8" thickness, and cut into 2 inch circles. Make sure you have an even number of cookies.
Place the cookies on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper or wax paper.
Bake cookies for 10 to 15 minutes, until they are just barely beginning to brown at the edges. Let cookies cook on cookie sheet for 5 minutes, then transfer them to a rack to cool completely.
To fill the cookies, spread one cookie with a layer of chocolate fudge topping and top with second cookie.
Place the 1 cup of chocolate chips in the microwave for one minute, stir every 30 seconds.
Dip or drizzle each sandwich cookie in melted chocolate.
Refrigerate cookies on a wax paper lined baking tray for about 30 minutes or until chocolate has hardened.
Store in airtight container.

Submitter: 
Loves2Bake
Description: 
These rich chocolate cookies are great in any situation. If you love chocolate, you'll love these cookies.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
about 2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
30
Nutritional Facts:
NA
