URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62271524/lemon-sole-with-ginger-and-carrots/
Title:
Lemon Sole with Ginger and Carrots Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Fish:
1 Tablespoon Lime Juice
2 Tablespoons Soy sauce (Kikkoman is best)
2 Tablespoons of coarsely chopped Chervil (sorry don't know what that is in American - Kerbel In German, Cerfeuil in French and/or Cerfoglio in Italian). If you can't/don't want this, use another aromatic herb of the parsley family, or even coriander (cilantro), but be careful not to overpower the rest of the tastes.
Around 500g (just over a pound) of Lemon Sole Filets.
A little oil for frying.
Carrots:
1/2 Tablespoon Butter
600g Carrots (1 1/3 pounds)
Small bunch of Spring Onions (Scallions I believe in American)
1 Tablespoon cane sugar
3 cms (1 1/2 inches) fresh ginger, finely chopped/grated to give around 1 Tablespoon
100 ml (4 fl oz) Coconut Milk
50 ml (2 fl oz) Water
3/4 Tablespoon Salt

Directions:
Marinade: Mix the Lime Juice, Soysauce and Chervil together. Add the Fish filets, turning them as you do to get coated. Marinate for 1 hour covered in the Fridge.
Peel and top and tail the Carrots, then cut them into slices at an angle. The slices should be around 3mm (1/8 inch) thick, but I do them thicker nowadays 'cos I'm lazy, but that means you need to cook for a bit longer in the initial phase.
Chop off the green bits of the Spring Onions and keep to one side, then finely slice the rest in rings.
Mix the coconut milk and the water, stirring well for an even mix.
After 1 hour, take the filets out of the fridge, and pat dry with kitchen paper. Either turn the oven on to 70°/80°C (around 175°F) or have some other place ready to keep the cooked fish filets warm for the 20-30 minutes required for the rest of the cooking.
Get the oil hot in a frying pan, then lower the heat and cook the filets in batches about 90 seconds each side. When cooked, keep them warm.
In the still warm oil, dump in the butter and carrots, raise the heat and cook for 3 minutes.
Add the sliced Onions, cook a little, then add both the sugar and the ginger. Cook a little more, stirring to get an even mixture.
Stir the coconut milk/water mixture again and add to the pan. Bring to the boil, then reduce the heat and cook, covered, for 15 mins.
The Spring Onion green bits are now cut at an angle maybe 1/4 inch thick and added to the pan after the 15 mins are up. Cook for a further 5 mins.
Add salt to taste to the carrots and then serve on a warmed plate, with fish filets on top of the mound of Gingery carrots.

Submitter: 
Sonya Jane
Description: 
The more I cook, the more I value simplicity. This dish has an Oriental orientation and is always a big hit. Light white fish filets are the key, and Lemon Sole is the best fit I have found.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 mins, 1 hr marinating
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
