URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62277041/new-orleans-jambalaya/
Title:
New Orleans Jambalaya Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/3 cup soy sauce
1 tablespoons dried thyme
1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper
2 1/2 teaspoons paprika
2 teaspoons ground black pepper
5 skinless, boneless skinless chicken breasts
1/2 pound bacon, cut into small pieces
3 onions, diced
2 cloves garlic, minced
2 1/2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 pound chorizo or andoiulle sausage, sliced into chunks
1 pound cooked ham, cut into 1/2 inch pieces
1 tablespoon dried thyme
1 teaspoons cayenne pepper
2 cups chicken stock
2 (14.5 ounce) cans peeled and diced tomatoes with juice
1 green bell pepper, chopped
2 cups uncooked white rice
3 pounds medium shrimp - peeled and deveined

Directions:
Chicken Marinade: In a large, shallow glass baking dish, mix together soy sauce, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 1/2 tsp cayenne pepper, 2 1/2 tsp paprika, and 2 tsp black pepper. Place the chicken in the marinade. Refrigerate for at least 3 hours or night before.
Saute bacon in a large pot over medium heat until brown.  Add the onion, garlic and green pepper.  Continue to cook 5 minutes.  Mix in flour and sausage.  Cook 5 minutes more; stirring frequently.  Add the ham, thyme, cayenne, chicken stock, tomatoes with juice and bring to boil.  Stir in rice and cover.  Cook for 25 minutes.  Turn heat to low and keep warm till ready to serve.
Bake chicken breasts in marindade at 350 degrees F for 25 minutes, or until the flesh is firm when pressed with finger.  Remove from oven.  Cool and slice into bite-size pieces.
Just before serving the jambalaya, saute the shrimp for approx 3 minutes until they are firm to the touch.  Toss the shrimp and chicken with jambalaya mixture, simmer for another 5 minutes and serve.

Submitter: 
Jeannine Kuck
Description: 
For when you really have to feed an army!Modified from: New Orleans Jambalaya
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
