URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62270150/garlic-lemon-shrimp-with-pasta/
Title:
Garlic Lemon Shrimp with Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Soak shrimp in vermouth or white wine w/ seafood seasoning and salt
1 pound peeled and deveined large shrimp (21 to 30 per pound)
8 ounces package angel hair pasta
2 T butter
1/4 cup olive oil
3 tablespoons minced garlic
1 tsp kosher salt
1/3 cup white wine
1/4 cup lemon juice
1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes
1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 tablespoon lemon zest (1 lemon)
3 Tablespoons Parmesan Cheese
1/2 cup chopped fresh basil or cilantro (optional)
Fresh spinach (optional)
Toasted pine nuts (optional)

Directions:
Place shrimp in a shallow dish, soak in vermouth or wine and sprinkle with seafood seasoning. Let marinate for about 30 minutes.
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat. Once the water is boiling, wait to stir in the angel hair pasta, until part way through cooking the shrimp. Cook the pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the pasta has cooked through but is still firm to the bite, 4 to 5 minutes. Drain well.
Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-low heat. Stir in the garlic, and cook until softened, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the shrimp, white wine, lemon juice, and red pepper flakes. Cook and stir until the shrimp is no longer translucent in the center, about 6 minutes. Remove shrimp to avoid over cooking. Cover to keep warm.
Stir into the sauce the black pepper and lemon zest.  Turn off heat and add the butter, one T. at a time swirl to thicken sauce. Add basil or cilantro -  Add pasta and toss to coat.  Add shrimp and Parmesan Cheese & toss. Add fresh spinach and pine nuts if using.  Toss with pasta and serve.

Submitter: 
Baking Nana
Description: 
Soaking the shrimp in vermouth or wine is not essential but does help develop the flavor.  Use any seafood seasoning you like. I use Chef Paul Prudhommes Seafood Magic.Modified from: Lemon Garlic Shrimp with Pasta
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
