URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62270405/hawkeyes-smoked-salmon-for-folks-who-dont-like-fish/
Title:
Hawkeye's Smoked Salmon for folks who don't like Fish Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 water, 1/2 cup of salt, 1 quart water, one bag of Jack Daniels Old #7 Wood Chips, 7 pound bag of Mesquite charcoal briquets, one smoker.
( Many have had success using a regular charcoal grill but never on a gas grill).

Directions:
With a large half salmon fillet, first remove the "mudline" from the salmon fillet. The mud line is the brownish line that runs down the middle of the fillet. Use a very sharp knife & cut carefully then remove by carving out that line. This removes any fishy taste. Important for clean flavor.
In a glass pan, mix 1/2 cup of water and 1/2 cup of salt with 1 quart of water for the brine solution.  Stir then soak the salmon fillet mud line side down.  This again removes any fish taste.   Soak for at least one hour or overnight.
Soak the Jim Beam #7 chips entire bag in a bucket (gallon) of water.  You will need these chips soaked thru to generate smoke and to create the tastey flavor from the chips. Be sure to soak at least one hour.  Remove chips and drain but keep the water which has flavor for the smoker.
After heating the charcoals and they are white, place the moist wood chips on the charcoal, next pour the water from the bucket into the water pan. Place the salmon on the aluminum foil covered grate.  Be sure to poke lots of holes thru the aluminum foil so the smoke penetrates thru to reach the salmon.
Cover the smoker, place some towels/blankets around the smoker to keep heat & smoke in. DO NOT touch for 90 minutes.  Do not check the status or you will lose heat and smoke. Don't raise the lid.
After a COMPLETE  90 minutes, remove the salmon.  If you left on the bottom grate it will be browner than the top grate. It will be orange/pink.
Presentation is best if the fillet is served whole.  Serve with sweet onions on Town House crackers or simply plain with or without crackers.
If you do not have a smoker and only a charcoal grill, follow the same procedure and place the chips on the charcoal and use a pan with the water from the soaked chip

Submitter: 
Hawkeye Riggs
Description: 
This is a fantastic party, social, tailgate, holiday or any group function dish that everyone, once coaxed to taste will always raise eyebrows with pleasure and have the taster IMMEDIATELY asking for another taste.  This salmon will go fast and will be asked to be served at every get together.  Super simple to make, follow it to the tee, it has a 100% success rate for those folks who say  I don't Eat Fish.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
immediately
Number of servings: 
100
Nutritional Facts:
NA
