URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62270247/easy-vegan-marinara/
Title:
Easy Vegan Marinara Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/4 cup olive or vegetable oil
1 small white onion
6-10 sliced mushrooms
1 can of black olives, drained and sliced
1 diced green bell pepper
4 zucchini, cut lengthwise twice and diced
1 teaspoon diced garlic or garlic powder
3 tablespoons Italian seasoning
2 14.5 ounce cans garlic, basil, & oregano diced tomatoes OR "Italian Style" diced tomatoes
1 29 ounce can tomato sauce
OPTIONAL: 1 12 ounce package Boca Crumbles

Directions:
Turn your stove on medium to medium high heat and add the olive oil. If your pan smokes, the veggies crack too loudly when they hit the oil, or they become brown, your pan is too hot and should not be higher than medium heat.
Begin to dice your onion and add it first.
While your onion cooks, dice your mushrooms, olives, and bell pepper and add to the pan.
Finally, cut and dice your zucchini and add it to the pan. The veggies should be sauteed and stirred frequently for 15 minutes.
Add in the diced garlic or garlic powder, the Italian seasoning, and the cans of diced tomatoes and tomato sauce. Do not drain the diced tomatoes.
If you choose to add the Boca Crumbles, place them in the pan at this time. If you want to puree the sauce, wait to add the Boca Crumbles until after you have pureed the sauce and returned it to the pan to finish cooking.
Stir all the ingredients together. Place a tight lid on your pan and turn up the heat to medium-high. Let the sauce get hot and bubbling for 15 minutes.
Sauce can be served this time or the heat can be turned down to simmer for as long as needed until ready to eat.

Submitter: 
Emjae
Description: 
We don't eat meat or animal products in our home, and this sauce doesn't let you miss them at all! You can easily add or remove veggies that you prefer and if I know I'm serving a picky crowd, then I'll puree the finished sauce and they don't know what's hidden inside. This is incredibly easy, looks very attractive, and your guests will never guess it only takes a half hour.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
