URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62289586/my-very-own-witch-city-nightmare-chili/
Title:
My Very Own Witch City Nightmare Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/356778.jpg
Ingredients:
2 Cup Asadero Cheese  - Shredded
4 Handfuls Tortilla Chips - Crumbled
5 Strips Bacon - Crumbled
1 Jalapeno Pepper - Roasted, seeded, Diced
2 Poblano Pepper - Roasted, seeded, Diced
1 Chipotle Pepper - Roasted, seeded, Diced
1 Green Bell Pepper - Seeded, Diced
1 Red Bell Pepper - Seeded, Diced
2 or 3 Large Onions - Diced
1 1/2 Cup Chili Powder
1 Tablespoon Smoked Paprika
1/2 Chocolate Bar - Grated
3 Cloves Garlic - Smashed and Minced
2 Cans Dark Kidney Beans - Drained and Rinsed
3 Large Cans Tomato's - Puree, Crushed or a Mix
2 Lbs Flank Steak - Cut 1" Cubes
1 Shot Top Shelf Tequila
Salt & Pepper to taste

Directions:
Cook and Crumble Bacon - Reserve Fat - Set Bacon Aside.
In Large Pot Brown Steak in Tequila and Bacon Fat.
Add Cans of Tomato's, Chocolate, Kidney Beans, Chili Powder, Paprika, Salt & Pepper, Bell Peppers, Onions, Garlic and All Chili Peppers.
Bring to a boil carefully, adding very small amount of water as needed if chili is too thick and popping dangerously instead of boiling. Do not add too much water either, or it will dilute the flavor and thin it out.
Once it boils, lower the chili to a simmer and stir every 10 minutes to avoid burning. Cook until meat is ultra-tender. You might want to throw this into a crock pot once the meat is browned.
If you use a crock pot, just low and slow it for about 4 hours or so. If you cook it on the stove top, then probably about 2 2 1/2 hours.
Pour into bowls and top with even layers of Asadero Cheese, Crushed Tortilla Chips and Crumbled Bacon.
If you can not locate Asadero Cheese (it is a Mexican cheese) then substitute for your favorite hearty cheese.
Also, you can substitute Frito's for Crumbled Tortilla Chips if you like.
Tequila may be omitted or replaced with 1/2 can Dark Beer or Ale.
Flank Steak may be changed to Ground Beef.
I recommend not making any substitutions from recipe.

Submitter: 
Mark Linehan
Description: 
I LOVE chili, and I spent many years perfecting this recipe. As always, I rarely measure beyond using my palm and big spoons. So be aware that the measurements listed are VERY close to accurate, but may not be 100% proportionate. I will guarantee that the list is close enough that it will taste great. Some ingredients might require hunting around a bit, but are WELL WORTH THE TIME!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
