URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62281230/smoked-turkey-split-pea-soup/
Title:
Smoked Turkey Split Pea Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/925511.jpg
Ingredients:
1 Tablespoon olive oil
1 medium yellow onion, diced
2 medium cloves garlic, chopped
6 cups low/no-salt beef (or chicken) broth
2 pounds packaged dried split peas
1 medium carrot, peeled and diced
2 small potatoes, peeled and diced
2 Tablespoons soy sauce
1 Tablespoon dried basil
1 Tablespoon course ground black pepper
1 Tablespoon dried parsley
2 teaspoons crushed red pepper flakes
1 teaspoon ground sage
1 teaspoon kosher salt
2 bay leaves
2 smoked turkey legs (about 2.5 pounds total)
about 2 cups additional water
Sour cream for garnish

Directions:
In a large stock pot over medium high heat, heat the oil. Add the onion and sauté until softened. Add the garlic and stir until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the broth, split peas, diced carrot, diced potatoes, soy sauce, basil, black pepper, parsley, ground sage, kosher salt and bay leaves. Stir well to combine. Add the smoked turkey legs (meaty end immersed) and enough water to cover the peas and meaty part of the turkey legs by about an inch. Bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer, covered, for about 45 minutes, until the peas have softened. Check from time to time to ensure the water level is still above the peas. If not, add a little more water.
Remove the turkey legs and the bay leaves. Discard the bay leaves. Remove the skin and bones from the turkey legs, shredding/chopping the meat into tiny pieces. Set aside.
Using an immersion blender, blend the soup to your desired consistency (generally relatively smooth, but still having chunks of peas and carrots for a little texture). Alternately you can use a food processor or blender. Add the turkey meat back to the soup and stir to combine. Serve hot with a dollop of sour cream on top.

Submitter: 
WileyP
Description: 
Here's a rich and hearty split pea soup with a twist. Since the peas do not need to be pre-soaked, it can be put together quickly and easily. For a little added smokiness and spice, dice up a couple chipotle peppers (in adobo) and add them with the other herbs and spices in step 1.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
