URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62288905/lower-fat-chicken-and-bechamel-lasagna/
Title:
Low(er)-fat Chicken and Bechamel Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 red onion. chopped fine
3 cloves garlic, chopped or pressed
One container sliced portabellas (10 oz ish)
1.75 - 2.0 lb chicken breast, cut into bite sized pieces
2/3 cup red wine
1 jar sauce (I like Bertolli w/black olive, but pick what you like)
1 package no-bake lasagna noodles
1/2 cup grated parmesan
Bechamel:
5 tbsp butter
1/2 cup flour
2 1/2 cup milk (measure it ahead of time and set it out - cuts the time to bring it to a boil.)
1 egg, beaten
1/2 cup grated (not shredded!) parmesan

Directions:
Saute onion and garlic in a little olive oil till golden, 3-4 min
Add chicken and mushrooms. Brown (4-5 min).
Add 2/3 cup red wine with 1/3 cup water. Bring to a simmer, 4-5 min.
Add a jar of your favorite sauce. Set to low simmer.
Now, make the bechamel. (Make sure you've got all your ingredients ready - this moves pretty fast.)
Melt the butter. Add the flour. Cook 2 min. Take off the heat.
Add the milk in stages, stirring a lot. (Use a whisk.)
Back on the heat, Once it's all in, heat over low-med heat till the mixture thickens. When it rises up and bubbles start popping at the top, take off heat, let it cool for a minute, then add your beaten egg and 1/2 cup parmesan. Mix well. Return to VERY LOW heat.
Butter a 9x13 baking dish. Put down a floor of no-bake noodles. Add half the chicken mixture. Put down another layer of noodles. Add the other half of the chicken and sauce. Put down one last layer of noodles.
Pour the bechamel on top of the final layer, covering the pasta "roof" completely. (Use a spatula to spread it around if needed.)  Sprinkle another half-cup of grated Parmesan on top of the bechamel. Bake at 375 for 30 minutes or till the cheese browns.
Serve with the rest of the bottle of red, a nice salad and crusty bread. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Laura17
Description: 
A no-mozzarella, no-ricotta lasagna that wins rave reviews every time I make it. The original came from a cookbook about ten years ago. I've been futzing with it ever since. PERFECT for a winter weekend, and the leftovers are even better.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 min
Ready in:
1.25 hr
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
