URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62288159/etouffe-base/
Title:
Etouffé base Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Basmati rice
1 pound butter (4 sticks)
4c celery, chopped (1/4in pieces)
1 medium yellow onion, chopped (1/4in pieces)
1 lg green bell pepper, chopped (1/4in pieces)
1 pkg green onions: green tops minced and white
bottoms sliced thinly
1/3c flour
about 3 quarts water (can always add more; cannot
take awake)
Better than Bouillon chicken base
1/4 - 1/2 tsp cayenne pepper (according to desired
spiciness)
1T cajun seasoning
1&1/2T coarse black pepper
3-4T paprika

Directions:
Slowly melt butter in a large pot.  Add celery, onion, bell pepper, and white bottoms of green onions, and sauté for 3-4 minutes (veggies should still be firm).
Add flour. Using a timer and a flexible, thin metal spatula, cook flour for 2-3 minutes, allowing it to slightly stick to the bottom of the pot and then scraping it away.  DO NOT BROWN FLOUR.
Add water and 2 heaping tablespoons chicken base.  Bring to a simmer, and cook for 30 mins.
The chicken base is your salt for this recipe.  This will taste watery, and to an extent, somewhat flavorless until you add enough chicken base.  Add enough chicken base to give it flavor and salinity.
Chill the etouffé base in the refrigerator until time for use.
Re-heat etouffé base, with desired proteins, in a skillet until the soup bubbles in the center.  Serve over cooked basmati rice.
For a more refined presentation, pack chilled rice into a little bowl and heat in microwave for 35secs to 1min.  Invert little bowl in the center of the soup bowl, and remove the little bowl.  Ladle heated etouffé around the rice mold in the center, and serve.

Submitter: 
Toasted Garlic
Description: 
This is a restaurant technique to prevent the overcooking of the proteins.  Make this etouffé base ahead of time, and chill.  When needed, put into a sauce pan with your protein of choice (shrimp or crawfish tails), and heat up.  Serve over rice.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 mins + 5 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
