URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62288115/beefy-roasted-red-onion-and-garlic-marinara-sauce/
Title:
Beefy Roasted Red Onion and Garlic Marinara Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 red onion
2 stalks of celery
1 head of garlic, top sliced off to expose tops of
cloves
1 sm can Cento tomato paste
olive oil
1/3 cup + 1T sugar (to the eye)
1 lg can whole tomatoes, juice reserved; whole tomatoes crushed in hands to remove inner juices and seeds (that juice discarded)
1 (or 2?) lg can tomato sauce
garlic powder
dried basil
dried oregano
black pepper, ground
Better than Bouillion Chicken Base (all to taste)
1 to 1.15 lbs ground beef (optional)

Directions:
1. On a roasting sheet, put two stalks celery (each quartered), red onion (halved; sliced portion facing down), and prepared head of garlic.  Roll celery and onion in olive oil.  Roast on 425 for about 30-45 mins until bottoms of onions are slightly caramelized and onion is tender (not mushy).
2. In the meantime, brown meat in a skillet. Put into a collander and wash off excess grease. Allow it to drain.
3. Remove roasted garlic from the head and put into the blender with the caramelized celery. Add enough water so that they will blend smoothly, and liquify.
4. Coarsely chop red onion into 1/4in^2 pieces. Reserve.
5. In a thick-bottomed 4-quart pot, heat to medium-high heat and add 4-5T olive oil. Add tomato paste and sugar, and stir both together constantly for 4-5 mins until color has changed to a slight purple, which shows caramelization.
6. Add 1T dried basil and 1T dried oregano (ground in a mortar and pestel), and 1T ground pepper to bottom of pot and stir.  Then add crushed tomatoes.  Cook until tomatoes are slightly caramelized (this step might best be done on medium heat to prevent scorching).
7. Add juice from the can of whole tomatoes.  Cook for a minute or two.  Add roasted garlic and celery pureé, and add the tomato sauce.  Add cooked and drained beef.  Add chopped onion.  Stir.
8. Cook on medium heat until reduced [no longer runny] (1-2 hours).  Use chicken base as the salt for this preparation.  When desired saltiness is achieved, re-season with finger-crushed oregano and basil (will need more basil than oregano).  Season with garlic powder to taste.

Submitter: 
Toasted Garlic
Description: 
Red onion and a whole head of garlic are roasted to provide a divine sweetness to this marinara sauce in which you should occasionally find a big bite of tomato. This recipe uses beef, but Italian sausage would be a delicious substitute... as would no meat at all.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
NA
