URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62280783/salmon-tartare/
Title:
Salmon Tartare Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/350992.jpg
Ingredients:
The secret here is the ratio of the fish to the peppers to the onion. It should be 4:2:1 and this needs to be fairly accurate.
For a large starter for 2 people (or small to medium main course) have 120 gms of Skinless Smoked Salmon Filet (Haddock and Trout work well too), preferably NOT pre-sliced, 60 gms of red and yellow bell peppers (30 gms each) and 30 gms shallot. 120 gms is 4 1/4 ounces, so 30 gms is an ounce, give or take (actually 28 gms is an ounce).
Fresh dill, 3 or 4 sprigs.
Salt and freshly milled black pepper.
3 or 4 teaspoons of mayonnaise.
Lemon juice.
2 medium tomatoes, deseeded and chopped the same size as the peppers.
1 cucumber, peeled, halved lengthwise, seeds scraped out (with a teaspoon) and then thinly sliced - for decoration.
Caviare (or salmon or lump fish roe) - for decoration.

Directions:
Chop the peppers and the fish into small cubes about the size of half a lady's little finger nail.
Dice the shallot as finely as you can. It's best when this is smaller than the other dice, but works if the same size.
Mix all four ingredients together in a bowl and then add about 1 teaspoon of chopped fresh dill. Mix well.
Add salt and pepper to taste.
Add 1 teaspoon of mayo and mix well. We want a consistency whereby the ingredients just about hold together. Keep adding mayo 1/2 teaspoon at a time until its right. I have never needed more than 2 teaspoons, but it depends how oily the fish is.
Check the seasoning again, and when right, add lemon juice to really bring out the flavours.
And that's it. The dish is ready.
Serving suggestion:
Place a tian ring in the centre of the plate and fill almost to the top with mixture.
Place a layer of the chopped tomato on top. If you want, you can do all the plates like this and then stack them on top of each other to keep in the fridge until required.
Round the base of the tian ring, build a tower 3 or 4 layers high of the cucumber slices, overlapping as you go.
Now put dobs of mayo (it's cheffy to have odd numbers) round the plate, then one on top of the tomatoes inside the ring.
Then do the same with dobs of the caviare, so it alternates with the mayo dobs (and on top).
Hold a dill sprig above the plate and give it a haircut, so that the plate is sprinkled (can also just sprinkle chopped dill all over). Add some lemon wedges, if you like.
To finalise, if you like, add an "antenna" of a dill sprig to each tower.
Gently lift off the tian ring.
Serve.
Alternatively, maybe make smily faces with the mixture as lips, with eyes of cucumber and caviare eyeballs and eyebrows and moustache of mayo. Use your imagination!

Submitter: 
Sonya Jane
Description: 
Become a Domestic Goddess (God if you are of that flavour) with this simple recipe. Check out the photos. Presentation is all important and to do it as in the photos, you will need a tian ring (or more) for this but if you haven't got one, then there are 2 solutions: a) Sneak under your partner's car and saw off the last few inches of the exhaust pipe ... or ... b) Grease (and/or line with film) a coffee cup/mug and turn it upside down onto the plate. Tian rings are best tho. You can mix this up the day before to cut down prep time.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
