URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62282273/beef-bourguignon/
Title:
Beef Bourguignon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Makes 6 to 8 servings
5 tablespoons olive oil, divided
3 pounds beef chuck, cut in 1 1/2-inch chunks
Salt and pepper, to taste
1/2 cup cognac
4 large carrots
1 large yellow onion, cut into large chunks
4 large garlic cloves, smashed
1 bottle red wine
1 cup beef stock
1 small can tomato paste
2 teaspoons dried thyme
1 pound pearl onions, peeled
1/2 pound white mushrooms, halved
1 tablespoon brown sugar

Directions:
Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil over medium heat in a large ovenproof pan.
Season beef with salt and pepper. Working in batches, add beef to pot in one layer and brown on all sides. Transfer to a bowl. Add cognac to pan and deglaze pan over medium-high heat, scraping up bits. Allow to reduce by half. Pour cognac over beef and set aside.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Coarsely chop 2 carrots. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in same pan. Add chopped carrots, onion and garlic. Saute 3 minutes over medium heat. Add beef, wine, stock, tomato paste and thyme. Beef should be covered by the wine and stock. If not, add more stock to cover. Bring to boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer 2 minutes. Cover pan and place in oven. Bake until meat is tender, 2 to 3 hours.
About 30 minutes before beef is done, cut remaining carrots in 1/2-inch-thick slices. Steam or blanch carrots until crisp tender; drain. Saute mushrooms and pearl onions in a skillet with 1 tablespoon olive oil until they turn light golden brown.
When beef is tender, remove from oven. Strain liquid from stew into a saucepan. Boil liquid until sauce is reduced by half and has a sauce consistency, skimming fat from surface. Add sugar. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Pour sauce back over beef. Add carrots, mushrooms and onions to stock. Simmer 15 minutes.

Submitter: 
Rachael Barney Smith
Description: 
This is a rustic peasant dish hailing from the Bourgogne countryside, featuring the region's red wine. Beef slow-cooks in red wine until it's falling-apart tender, while its juices blend with the wine and vegetables for a rich, flavorful stew. This recipe is best prepared one day in advance to allow the flavors to develop overnight in the refrigerator. Before reheating, skim solidified fat from top of stew. Reheat over medium-low heat, or in a 325-degree oven.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
3 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
