URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62286132/vegetarian-splendor-chickpea-curry/
Title:
Vegetarian Splendor Chickpea Curry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tbsp. olive oil
1 tsp. cumin seeds
3 whole cloves
I white onion, halved and then sliced thinly
3 oz. organic tomato paste
1 tbsp. tumeric
1 tsp ground ginger (you can use 2 tsp fresh grated  if you like)
1 tsp. dried basil
pinch of allspice
pinch of salt
3 cups warm water
1 tsp. rice wine vinegar
1 tbsp. flour (regular, potato, or rice)
2 tbsp. curry (or to taste, I like mine strong)
1 15 oz. can of garbanzo beans
1 c. frozen peas
2 generous handfuls of fresh or frozen green beans
1/3 red or yellow bell pepper, chopped
1 tsp. garlic powder or fresh minced garlic
pepper to taste

Directions:
In a large skillet over medium-high heat, ad olive oil and cumin seeds and cloves and saute until cumin seeds swell. Remove cloves.
Add sliced onion and saute 5 min. or until lightly caramelized.
In separate bowl, combine tomato paste, tumeric, ginger, basil allspice, salt, flour, and curry. Mixture will be thick.
Add one cup of the warm water to tomato mixture and stir.
Add tomato mixture to pan with onion. This will thicken right away, so add water as needed to bring it to a saucey consistency.
Add bell pepper and garbanzo beans (chickpeas).
Reduce to a simmer and let cook 5 minutes.
Add peas and green beans.
Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Add 1 tsp. rice wine vinegar.
Let simmer 20 to 25 minutes, stirring ocassionaly and adding water if mixture thickens too much.
Serving Suggestions
* Serve over Near East pearled couscous (basil and herb)
* Add a splash of cream or coconut milk just before serving

Submitter: 
Noahsmommy
Description: 
This is a rich dish packed full of flavor- even carnivores will not miss the meat. This also contains tumeric which has recently been discovered to be a superfood.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
45-50 m
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
