URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62286309/mini-blueberry-tarts-with-orange-custard/
Title:
Mini Blueberry Tarts with Orange Custard Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/354697.jpg
Ingredients:
2 frozen puff pastry sheets, thawed
1cup fresh blueberries
Custard;
2 cups whole milk
1/2 cup sugar
1 orange, zest finely grated and juice strained
4 large egg yolks
1/4 cup cornstarch
pinch salt
1/2 teaspoon vanilla
Garnish;
orange zest in strips
1/2 cup orange marmalade

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
Lightly roll out each puff pastry sheet to a 9”x12” rectangle on a floured surface. Cut each sheet into 12 3x3-inch squares. Grease two 12-hole mini muffin pan cups. Place one pastry square into each cup. Prick the bottoms several times with a fork. Bake for 20 minutes or until golden brown and pastry is cooked completely. Remove from pans while warm. Transfer to a cooling rack. Cool before filling.
Orange Custard: In a medium, heavy saucepan, combine the milk, sugar, orange zest and juice. Bring to a gentle boil over medium heat, whisking to dissolve the sugar. Remove from the heat. In a medium bowl, whisk together the egg yolks and cornstarch until pale yellow, about 2 minutes. Slowly add 1/2 cup of the hot milk mixture to the egg yolks, whisking constantly until smooth. Add the egg yolk mixture to the pan of hot milk and whisk to combine. Return to medium heat and cook, stirring constantly with a metal spoon until the mixture thickens enough to coat the back of the spoon, about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat. Add salt and vanilla. Chill well before using.
To assemble; arrange tart shells on a tray, spoon in custard. Top with fresh blueberries. Heat marmalade in a small saucepan. Push marmalade through a strainer into a bowl. Lightly paint blueberries tops with marmalade. Top with orange zest. Serve chilled. Best when served within 12 hours.

Submitter: 
Karen
Description: 
Pile luscious fresh blueberries onto a dollop of sweet custard nestled in mini puff pastry cups and you’ve got a sweet little treat that can swing from mid-morning brunch to afternoon coffee to after dinner dessert. A glaze of orange marmalade and a confetti of orange zest add a citrusy splash to the delicate flavor of the fresh blueberries.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
