URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62290792/dessert-sushi/
Title:
Dessert Sushi Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/357507.jpg
Ingredients:
Coconut Rice Pudding:
3 cans of coconut milk
5 oz heavy cream
12 oz jasmine rice (preferred but long grain will work as well) Rinse VERY well.
9 oz sugar
Fondant:
3/4 cup powdered sugar
2 tbsp hot water
2 tpsp corn syrup
Marzipan:
3/4 cup almond paste
3/4 cup powdered sugar
1 tbsp + 1 tsp fondant
1 tbsp + 1 tsp corn syrup
1 green food coloring
Chocolate Sauce:
1 cup water
5 oz sugar
1/4 cup corn syrup
2 oz cocoa powder
8 oz dark chocolate
4 kiwi (approx)
8 strawberries (approx)
3 strips Fruit leather up to 4
5 tbsp Black sesame seeds (approx)

Directions:
Coconut Rice Pudding:
Put all ingredients into pan and cook until rice is done and all liquid has reduced. Spread onto a parchment lined sheet tray and allow to cool completely.
Fondant:
Blend all ingredients thoroughly until sugar is completely dissolved and there are no lumps.
Marzipan:
Mix almond paste and 1/2 the sugar. Add the fondant and corn syrup. Add the rest of the sugar, a little at a time until the marzipan is moldable and not sticky. Color marzipan with green food coloring until it resembles the color of wasabi. Roll into small balls.
Chocolate Sauce:
Combine water, sugar and corn syrup and bring to a boil to make syrup. Slowly whisk in cocoa powder so that no lumps form. Add the chocolate to the syrup and stir until melted. Pour cooled chocolate sauce into small cups to represent soy sauce.
Fruit:
Cut some into strips for the maki and some squared off slices for the nigiri.
Fruit Leather:
Cut into thin strips
By looking at the picture, you can get an idea on how everything fits together. If you ever rolled sushi before, this will be easy, just do it the way you do regular sushi! For beginners, smash the rice pudding evenly onto the sushi roll mat, about 1/2 inch thick, spread almost to the the sides and maybe 6 inches tall. Lay a continuous strip of both kiwis and strawberries across, on top of each other, some where around two inches from the bottom or top. Using the roll mat as a guide, roll the rice (from the fruit side to the other) so that the fruit is wrapped up completely into a roundish tube. Using a knife, slice sections from the roll about one inch thick. Wipe the mat between rolls.

Submitter: 
recipfloyd
Description: 
This, by far, is the most fun thing I have ever made! This is a great dessert for sushi lovers! There are several components and may take a few hours to make, but it is well worth the effort. You will need rice pudding, fruit, marzipan, chocolate sauce, fruit leather and black sesame seeds. Tools-wise, you will need a sushi roll mat and some practice and patience. This recipe will yield about 24 maki and 12 nigiri
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
