URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62298085/nannys-chicken-paprikash-with-dumplings/
Title:
Nanny's Chicken Paprikash with dumplings Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tbsp olive oil
1 medium onion, chopped fine
4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts cut into 2" chunks
1 tsp salt
1 1/2 tbsp smoky Paprika
2 cups water
1 cup thick set sour cream
3 eggs
1/2 cup water
2 cups flour
2 tsp salt

Directions:
In a large skillet, heat olive oil over medium-high heat and sauté the onions for 3 to 5 minutes.  Add chicken and fry until all sides are lightly browned.
Add salt, pepper and Paprika and stir to coat chicken.  Cook another minute or until paprika is fragrant.
Add water, bring to boil and cover.  Reduce heat to low and simmer gently for one hour.
Remove chicken from skillet and set aside.  Whisk in the sour cream until well blended.  Return chicken to pan and keep warm.  (Do not boil!)
Meanwhile, prepare dumplings.
Bring 6 cups water with 1 tbsp salt to a boil.
Beat together eggs, water, flour and salt until dough is no longer lumpy.  It will be sticky.
Spoon a half a tsp of the batter into boiling water.  Use edge of spoon, cutting batter against side of bowl.  Don't crowd dumplings.  Boil uncovered, stirring frequently for about 3 min. (Dip your spoon into hot water first before you cut out the first dumpling on the bowl.  Hold the spoon, with batter on it just below the surface of boiling water and it will slide off)
Place cooked dumplings in a bowl with 1 tbsp butter in warm oven until they're all cooked.
Add dumplings to the skillet with the chicken and stir until well coated.  Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
LAURASC
Description: 
I got this recipe from my MIL who got it from her MIL.  The original recipe called for lots of oil and a whole chicken with skin.  I made it leaner by decreasing the oil and using skinless chicken breasts.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
