URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62298774/fully-loaded-cookies-recipe/
Title:
Fully Loaded Cookies Recipe Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups all-purpose flour
1 cup old-fashioned rolled oats (NOT quick-cooking or instant)
2 teaspoons baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup (2 sticks) butter, softened
1 cup creamy peanut butter
3/4 cup granulated sugar
3/4 cup packed brown sugar
2 large eggs
2 teaspoons vanilla
1 cup semisweet chocolate chips
1 cup milk chocolate chips (see note)
1 cup white chocolate chips
1 cup peanut butter chips (see note)

Directions:
In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, oats, baking soda, and salt; set aside.
In a large bowl, cream together butter, peanut butter, granulated sugar, and brown sugar. One at a time, add eggs, mixing well after each addition. Stir in vanilla. Gradually stir in flour mixture. Stir in chips. The dough will be very stiff and you will wonder if there is even enough to hold all the chips together! Don't worry, there is - just keep stirring.
Let the dough sit while you preheat the oven to 350 degrees and gather together your baking sheets and parchment paper. It will be a little soft, but still firm enough to handle. Roll dough into 1 to 1-1/2 inch balls. Place balls 2 inches apart on ungreased or parchment paper lined baking sheets. Bake 9-10 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool cookies for a few minutes on the baking sheets. Remove cookies to wire rack and cool completely. Store covered in an airtight container.
Note: Be sure to measure out each kind of chip separately. DO NOT use the new milk chocolate/peanut butter chip combination now available on the market or you will significantly alter the taste of these yummy cookies. Recipe makes about 6 dozen cookies and is easily doubled.

Submitter: 
ChicagoCookie84-Anita
Description: 
YUMMY
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
