URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62294851/two-hour-dinner-rolls/
Title:
Two Hour Dinner Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 cups warm (almost hot) water
1/3 cup white sugar
1/4 cup canola oil
2 eggs
1 tsp salt
2 Tbls. instant yeast
1 cup flour
8 cups flour (as needed, give or take)

Directions:
Mix yeast and salt with one cup flour in a dish, set aside.
In a large bowl, mix water, sugar, and oil. Add the yeast and flour mix, and beat all with a wooden spoon until evenly mixed. Add the eggs, and beat again until evenly mixed. Mix in the remaining flour. You may need less or more than the 7 cups depending on humidity and other conditions. Knead the dough for about 5 minutes or until it seems smooth and elastic. Place the dough in a greased bowl, cover with a dishtowel, and let rise at least 15 minutes. Preferably place it in a warm area for this, do NOT place it by a cold drafty window.
After it has risen, use a sharp knife to cut off pieces of dough for your rolls, shape each piece into a ball and place in a well-greased (I use shortening) glass pan. This recipe makes about 2 dozen, but if you want smaller or larger rolls adjust the size of your pieces. I get about 12 rolls per 9 by 13 inch pan.
Let the rolls rise for atleast another 30 minutes. Heat oven to 325 degrees F, and cook for 25 minutes, turning pan half-way through baking time. A minute or two over won't kill these rolls, but check them at 20 and 25 minutes to adjust baking time, if need be. Once they are done, place pan on wire rack and let cool for 5-10 minutes. Run a knife around the pan edges and then tip pan over to remove rolls and continue cooling them on a wire rack. I usually don't wait for this step to finish before tasting my efforts! They are best warm and eaten within a day or two of baking.

Submitter: 
poush
Description: 
Easy, fast, and tasty traditional yeast dinner roll recipe.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
