URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62290914/savory-bacon-scones/
Title:
Savory Bacon Scones Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/357603.jpg
Ingredients:
1-3/4 cups all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon baking powder
6 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons chilled bacon grease
1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons whole milk
1/2 cup cooked/chopped bacon
1 egg yolk
1/8 teaspoon maple syrup

Directions:
Ahead of time cut a 1-pound package of bacon in half lengthwise and cook this half over medium-high heat, draining bacon grease into a small glass container and refrigerating for at least one hour.  Cut bacon across each strip in 1/4" slices.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees fahrenheit
In medium bowl combine flour and baking powder; add the chilled bacon grease; using fist of one hand repetitively compress flour and grease while slowly turning bowl with other hand until the flour mixture is crumbly, using fingers along the bottom of the bowl to make sure that no unmixed grease remains.
Make a well in the center of the flour mixture and slowly pour in the milk, mixing with one hand until the dough is uniformly mixed.  The dough will seem wet to the touch.
Form the dough into a fat disk.  Using a knife cut the dough in half four times so that sixteen equal-sized pieces of dough are in the bowl.
Roll the first eight pieces of dough into individual balls, distribute them on a cookie sheet and then press them into flat circles with your hand and fingertips (about 2-1/2" in diameter).
Place a rounded tablespoon of cut bacon pieces onto each circle, lumping them into a small pile on each of the circles of dough.  Roll the remaining pieces of dough, flatten each with your fingers into another 2-1/2" circle and place on top of each stack.  Using your fingertips mold the sides down so that top meets bottom, forming little half-snowball shapes.  Placing your hand vertically near the scone, use the backs of your fingertips to push the dough at the sides into place as necessary to shape the bottoms.
Beat one egg yolk with the maple syrup, brush on sides/top of each scone; let rise for 15 minutes.
Cook 12-15 minutes until golden brown.

Submitter: 
Michael
Description: 
I've been trying a variety of scones lately at the local cafes but they're usually sweet.  I decided to develop a recipe for a savory scone that I think fits the bill nicely.  This version makes eight small (2-1/2 in diameter) hemispheres with a bacon center in each.  The recipe as written requires that you cool the bacon grease so it's helpful to cook/cut the bacon the day before and finish the scones the next day.  I like to minimize the kitchen mess so I've optimized the dough-related work to be in the bowl rather than on the countertop.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1-3/4 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
