URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62291179/vegan-spring-rolls/
Title:
Vegan Spring Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/357846.jpg
Ingredients:
1/3 head cabbage, chopped
3 carrots, finely julienned
1 cup broccoli, chopped fine
1 onion, diced
1 cup mushroom, chopped
1 Tbsp oil of choice
1 good handful of spinach, torn
4 Tbsp Braggs Liquid Aminos
1 Tbsp Hoisin sauce
1 package rice paper roll wrappers (or frozen lumpia wrappers)

Directions:
Steam the cabbage, carrots, and broccoli.
While the first three vegetables are steaming, saute the onion for about 2-3 minutes in oil, then add the mushroom and saute for about 5 more minutes. 3. Mix in the steamed veggies and spinach along with the Braggs and hoisin, then saute long enough to make the spinach limp.
If using dry rice paper roll wrappers, fill a bowl the size of the rice paper roll wrapper about half way with water and soak the wraps 1 or 2 at a time. You want these to be a little flimsy, but still sort of hold its shape without folding over and sticking to itself. If using the frozen wrappers, while the filling cools so it can be handled with bare hands, let the wrappers defrost so they can be separated.
Scoop 2 - 4 Tbsp. of the filling onto a wrapper with the wrapper positioned "diamond" shape so you can start rolling at one corner; as if you were filling a little burrito. Take what would be the "side ends" of the roll and fold them in towards the center, then roll the wrap up snug. If you let the rolls set in the fridge for about 5 minutes and then flip them and set another 5 minutes, the wraps will dry up nicely so as to hold together better for frying.
Add enough oil to the bottom of a pan to fry the rolls to a golden crisp. This depends on the size of the pan you use of course. You are not deep frying them (though you can in a fryer, if you wish), and the filling is already cooked so you need not worry about cooking through.
Fry on each side, turning periodically to prevent over browning, until the whole roll is a delicate golden colour. I keep these hot in the oven on a cookie rack laying inside a jelly roll pan while I finish the rest.
Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Deborah Mackenzie
Description: 
This is a compilation of every vegetarian spring roll that sounded interesting, tailored to suit the needs and restrictions of a vegan.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
