URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62295339/crab-and-scallion-stuffed-shrimp/
Title:
Crab and Scallion Stuffed Shrimp Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 1/2 tbsp unsalted butter;more for the baking sheet
1/2 cup thinly sliced scallions (white and light green parts)
Kosher salt
1/2 tsp worcestershire sauce
2 drops siracha hot sauce (or other Asian chili sauce)
1/3 cup mayonnaise
2 tbs coarsely chopped fresh parslay, plus 20 whole leaves or small sprigs
1 1/2 tsp fresh lemon juice
1 tsp finely grated lemon zest
1/2 tsp Dijon mustard
freshly ground black pepper
1/2 lb backfin crabmeat, drained and picked over for shells
1 1/4 cups fine fresh breadcrumbs
16 jumbo shrimp, butterflied

Directions:
For the stuffing:
In a small saucepan, melt 2 tbsp of the butter over low-medium heat. Add the scallions and a pinch of salt and cook, stirring, until softened, 3 to 4 minutes, don't let them brown. Take the pan off the heat and stir in the worcestershire sauce and hot sauce. Let cool to room temp. In a medium bowl, combine the mayonnaise, 1 tbsp of chopped parsley, 1 tsp lemon juice, the lemon zest, the mustard, 1/4 tsp salt and a few grinds of pepper. Stir in the cooled scallion mixture.  Add the crab and mix gently but thoroughly.  In a 10 inch skillet, melt the remaining 1 1/2 tbsp butter over medium heat.  Add the breadcrumbs and cook, stirring until light golden brown. About 4 minutes. Transfer to a medium bowl and mix in the remaining 1 tbsp chopped parsley and 1/4 tsp salt.
Stuff and Bake the Shrimp:
Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment and rub lightly with butter. Arrange the butterflied shrimp on the baking sheet. Using a spoon or your hands, mound 1 heaping Tbsp of the crab mixture onto each shrimp. Sprinkle and pat the breadcrumbs over the crab. (This will be messy;don't worry if there are crumbs on the baking sheet).  Flip the tail of each shrimp up and over the crab.
Position a rach in the center of the oven and heat the oven to 400 degrees. Baked until the shrimp are cooked through, the crabmeat is hot, and the crumbs are a golden brown, 12 to 14 minutes.

Submitter: 
lisa j
Description: 
From Fine Cooking magazine. For this recipe, avoid shrimp that's already been deveined.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
