URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62296552/soft-garlic-knots/
Title:
Soft Garlic Knots Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 Cups All Purpose Flour
1/4 Cup Dry Milk
3 T Instant Potato Flakes
1 T Sugar
2 tsp Yeast
1 T Kosher Salt
1/2 tsp Garlic Powder
3 T Parmesan Cheese
2 T Olive Oil
1 Cup warm Water (you might need a bit more)
Glaze:
2-3 Cloves garlic, minced
4 T melted butter
1/2 tsp Italian seasoning blend
1 T Parmesan Cheese

Directions:
Mix the flour, dry milk, potato flakes together and set aside.
Add sugar, yeast and about 1/4 cup of the water together in the mixer bowl.  Proof yeast 10 minutes.
Add the dry ingredients to the mixer bowl and slowly turn on the mixer.  Add water a bit a time. Add olive oil.
Add salt and parmesan cheese.
Knead until the dough is smooth and elastic.  Add additoinal water or flour as needed.
Place dough in oiled bowl, cover and let rise until doubled in size.  About 1 hour.
Turn dough out on to your work surface and cover with plastic wrap.  Let rest 10 minutes.
Gently stretch the dough into a rectangle.  Cover with plastic wrap and using a rolling pin roll into a rectangle about 16" - 17" long.
Cut dough into 16 1" wide strips.  Stretch each strip to measure about 11" long.
Tie each strip into a knot tucking the ends into the middle of the knot.
Place knots on a parchment lined baking sheet, cover with plastic wrap and let rise until very puffy looking.  About 45 minutes - 1 hour.
Bake at 350 for about 15 - 18 minutes.  They should be set but very lightly browned.
While knots are baking combine the butter, garlic and italian seasoning for the glaze.
Remove knots from oven brush them with the garlic butter and sprinkle evenly with grated Parmesan cheese.
If preparing ahead of time cool the knots and wait to brush with the garlic butter until just before reheating.  Reheat in a 350-400 degree oven for 4 - 5 minutes.

Submitter: 
Baking Nana
Description: 
These light rolls are impressive and delicious.  They are easy to bake ahead and reheat just before serving.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 h 30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
