URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62292898/chocolate-intemperance-cake/
Title:
Chocolate Intemperance (Cake) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/359027.jpg
Ingredients:
1-1/2 pounds semisweet chocolate
3 eggs separated
1/2 cup strong coffee
1/2 cup Kahlua
2 tablespoons granulated sugar
1/2 cup heavy cream
Cake:
2 Packages Fudge Brownie Mix (each enough to make a 13x9 pan)
Ganache:
8 ounces semisweet chocolate chips
6 ounces Heavy Cream

Directions:
For filing melt chocolate with coffee on top of a double boiler.
When chocolate is completely melted remove pan from heat.
Beat egg yolks until pale yellow and stir into chocolate then gradually stir in Kahlua then cool.
In separate bowl beat egg whites gradually adding sugar until whites are stiff.
Whip cream then gently fold whipped cream into cooled chocolate mixture then fold in whites.
Preheat oven to 350.
Beat cake ingredients together at medium speed of electric mixer until batter is smooth.
Grease sheet pan then line with parchment paper then grease and flour paper shaking off excess.
Spread batter evenly in jellyroll pan then bake 12 minutes (or until done) and turn cake onto rack peel off paper.
Lightly oil a 2 quart charlotte mold (or 9 inch round cake pan w/false bottom) and line with cooled cake.
Cut rounds of cake to fit both top and bottom of mold and a strip for sides.
Place smaller round in bottom of mold then fit larger round of cake on top of mold.
Chill 4 hours then unfold and cover with glaze.
To make Ganache heat Heavy Cream just to boil and add chocolate chips.  Remove from heat and stir until smooth.
Spread over top of cake and drizzle down sides then chill again.
Serve in slender slices.

Submitter: 
OstroskyJeremiah
Description: 
This chocolate lover's cake consists of brownie bottom, sides, and top, and a chocolate-coffee mousse inside, and iced with Ganache.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m combined
Ready in:
4-5 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
