URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62308558/st-patricks-day-lamb-stew/
Title:
St. Patrick's Day Lamb Stew Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 slicess sliced smoked bacon, diced
4 pounds boneless lamb shoulder, cut into 2 inch pieces
1/2 teaspoon smoked salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
3 cloves garlic, minced
2 Leeks cleaned and sliced thinly
4 oz. butter
4 cups beef stock
1 cup stout or wheat beer
1/2 cup good red wine (Pinot Noir)
4/5 potatoes cut into bite sized pieces
4 large carrots diced
2 large onions, cut into bite-size pieces
8 oz. crimini mushrooms cleaned and halved
1 teaspoon dried thyme
2 bay leaves

Directions:
Place bacon in a large, deep skillet. Cook over medium high heat until evenly brown. Drain, crumble, and set aside.
Put lamb, salt, pepper, and flour in large mixing bowl. Toss to coat meat evenly. Brown meat in frying pan with bacon fat.  Once browned, remove and set aside.
Add the leeks and diced garlic and saute until soft, around 5 minutes.  Add butter and melt.  Add the flour to make a roux.  turn the heat down to low, and cook the roux until it is brown, about 15 minutes  (important to give deep rich color to finished stew).  Whisk in the beer, broth and wine.  Add the reserved lamb and bacon, bring to a simmer, and cover.   Add bay leaves and tyme.  SImmer, covered, for 1 1/2 hours.
While the lamb mixture is simmering, combine the remaining veggies in a bowl and coat with olive oil and season with salt, pepper, thyme and garlic powder.  Bake in a shallow baking pan (so that they are in a single layer) in preheated 350 oven for around an hour. (check after 1/2 hour to make sure they do not burn).  Once nicely roasted, add to the stew and continue for good 1/2 to 1 hour.  Season with salt and pepper as needed.

Submitter: 
JMASTRON
Description: 
Juicy cubes of lamb are tossed in seasoned flour and browned in bacon fat - and that's just the start of this rich and hearty one-pot Irish feast!Modified from: Irish Lamb Stew
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
