URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62304353/herbed-baked-largemouth-bass/
Title:
Herbed baked largemouth bass Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 3-4lb bargemouth bass, cleaned and head on
salt, pepper, and garlic to taste
hot sauce to taste
1 cup chopped thyme
1 cup chopped basil
1 cup chopped dill
4 bay leaves
4 slices lemon
8 slices red onion
SAUCE:
1/4 cup olive oil
1 cup diced onions
1 cup diced celery
1/2 cup diced bell peppers
1/4 cup minced garlic
1 cup diced tomatoes
2 cups tomato juice
2 (8oz cans) tomato sauce
1 tbsp chopped basil
1 tbsp chopped thyme
2 bay leaves
salt, pepper and granulated garlic to taste
4 slices lemon
1/4 cup sliced green onions
1/4 cup chopped parsley

Directions:
Fish:
Preheat oven to 375.  Remove gills and eyes of fish and thoroughly clean cavity.  It is best to cook fish with head on.  Season inside cavity with salt, pepper, granulated garlic and hot sauce.  Stuff fish with thyme, basil, dill, bay leaves and lemon slices.  Using a sharp knife, cut 3 diagonal slits across top fillet of fish.  This will assist in flavoring as well as presentation.  Place red onion slices on bottom of a large baking pan, top with fish and season to taste with salt, pepper, garlic and hot sauce.
Sauce:
In a dutch oven, heat oil over med-high heat.  Add onions, celery, bell peppers and minced garlic and sautee.  Add tomatoes, tomato juice and sauce.  Bring to a rolling boil then reduce to simmer and cook 10-15 min.  Add basil, thyme and bay leaves and season to taste.  Remove from heat and pour hot sauce over stuffed fish.  Garnish with lemon slices, green onions and parsley.  Cover pan with foil and bake approx 30min.  To serve, transfer fish to a large platter, top with sauce and garnish with fresh herbs.

Submitter: 
madrileña
Description: 
Whole bass baked in sauce
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 hr
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
