URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62306527/smores-gourmet-pretzel-rods/
Title:
S'Mores Gourmet Pretzel Rods Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 large jar marshmallow Fluff
1 1/2 cups graham cracker crumbs
3/4 cup milk chocolate chips
About 15 long pretzel rods

Directions:
(Note: these instructions LOOK more complicated than these things are to make!)
Crush graham crackers into small crumbs, but not too finely - you want some small chunks, not all powdery crumbs. Place on a plate or large shallow bowl.
Line a tray or baking sheet with parchment paper or waxed paper.
Dip each pretzel rod into the marshmallow and/or spread with knife to coat all but about 1 to 1 1/2 inches of the pretzel. (You don't want it TOO thick, just enough to get the graham cracker crumbs to adhere - maybe 1/4" or so)
Roll marshmallow covered pretzel in graham cracker crumbs. Once coated in some of the smaller crumbs, the marshmallow will not be sticky to the touch and you should be able to press the larger crumbs into the marshmallow with your hands.
Place on parchment-lined tray and repeat with remaining pretzel rods.
Place tray in refrigerator for about 10 minutes to set.
Meanwhile, place milk chocolate chips in a microwave-safe bowl, and microwave on high for one minute. Stir until smooth, popping in the microwave in additional 10 second increments, if necessary.
Remove tray of pretzels from refrigerator and drizzle with melted chocolate (pick up each one so you can turn and drizzle all over)
Return to tray and refrigerator for at least 15 minutes to set.
Wrap in cellophane bags or even plastic wrap. For gifts or bake sale items, tie with a pretty ribbon.
These keep well in the refrigerator for a few days, but are also fine sitting at room temperature if it's not too hot out.

Submitter: 
ChristineM
Description: 
A sweet and salty treat, gift or bake sale item, long pretzel rods are dipped in marshmallow fluff, rolled in graham cracker crumbs and drizzled with melted milk chocolate!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
60
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
