URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62307606/grama-kids-potato-salad/
Title:
Grama Kid's Potato Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
5 lbs Potatoes
---
9-12 hard cooked eggs, cooled, peeled and sliced
1 cup celery, sliced or diced
1 large sliced yellow onion
---
2 cups mayonnaise
2 level teaspoon prepared mustard
2 heaping teaspoon sugar
1-2 tea minced garlic or garlic powder (to taste)
Salt and Pepper
(Paprika is pretty but you don't need it....
Chives or green onions on top is cool too but isn't needed...) Grama used both chives and paprika). PS - if you still paprika into this, it will turn orange and not very pretty. Paprika is only to be sprinkled on the top....

Directions:
In a dutch oven, boil 3/4 pan of potatoes with the skins on until cooked through. Drain (and peel if you're going to) while warm. Cool and cut up into a large mixing bowl.
Add to the potatoes: eggs, celery and yellow onion.
In a separate bowl mix together: mayonaise, mustard, sugar, garlic, salt and pepper.
Pour the dressing mixture over the potato mixture in the large bowl, toss to cover. Tweek the ingredients to taste if you want. I sometimes tweek the mustard, garlic or add more onions.
If you really want it to look great, you could arrange some extra sliced eggs on the top and put then sprinkle a little extra paprika on them to dress it up. I guess it depends on whether or not you are taking this to a potluck or just making it for your fridge.

Submitter: 
americanwumn
Description: 
Another one of Grama's great salads. 
My favorite type of potato for this is Rose. They have a pink thin skin which I don't peel, and yellow flesh until you boil them. They become a little translucent when this is finished, and hold up well to the dressing. You can use Russets or Red. Russets will be mushier obviously, but they taste good:) You need enough to fill a dutch oven 3/4 full. I'm guessing 5 or 6 pounds. Depends on you. Eggs...taste great. Depends on you again on how many to add. How much can you handle? lol....
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 and 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
