URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62309972/mashed-potato-hush-puppies-aka-potato-puffs-aka-potato-straws/
Title:
Mashed Potato Hush Puppies aka Potato Puffs aka Potato Straws Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 and 1/2 cups left over mashed potatoes. Or you can use fresh ones.
1 beaten egg
Salt and pepper, to taste
Herbs and spices that your family likes. I use onion and garlic powder, and what ever else that sounds good.
1 cup flour
Optional additions, finely chopped onion, minced garlic, if you like hot and spicy...then heat them up with some hot and spicy spices.
Canola Oil for deep frying. or oil of your choice

Directions:
Put mashed potatoes in large bowl.
Beat egg until well broken up and white and yolk are completely blended.
Add egg to potatoes and mix well.
Add salt and pepper and desired spices.
If your mashed potatoes already have butter and cream in them and are already seasoned, that's fine, just keep that in mind when you are adding additional spices and milk.
Add the flour and stir until completely blended.
Depending on how dry or how creamy the mashed  potatoes were to start with, you may need to add ab out 1/4 cup milk..Add only if you need it.
xture should still looked like your mashed potatoes just a tiny bit creamier.
Drop a dollop of potato mixture into hot oil. Don't drop the potatoes from a high distance because it might splash hot oil on your hands.
Drop a dollop of potato mixture about 1" in diameter into hot oil.
It will go to the bottom and then rise as it starts  to cook. If it doesn't rise, make sure it isn't stuck
Remove with scoop or slotted spoon and place on paper toweling or rack to drain.
Make sure they don't brown too quickly or the inside will not be done.
Break open the first couple that come out of the oil to see if the inside is cooked.
You can also put the potato mixture into a plastic bag that has a large open frosting tip and squeeze the potato mixture into the hot oil and make potato straws.
Serve like French Fried with catsup or your favorite dipping sauce.

Submitter: 
Kitten
Description: 
Little puffs of golden goodness. They are so light and taste just like McDonald's fries. A great way to use up left over mashed potatoes. Waste not, want not, my mother used to say.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
