URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62304321/mini-chicken-pot-pie-muffins/
Title:
Mini Chicken Pot Pie "Muffins" Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/366873.jpg
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons butter, plus additional to grease mini muffin pan
2 tablespoons flour
3/4 cup (about) chicken stock
1/4 cup milk or half-n-half
Salt and ground black pepper
1 teaspoon Dijon mustard
1 cup finely chopped cooked chicken (You can use rotisserie, deli-sliced or leftovers)
1/2 medium-sized onion, finely chopped
1/4 cup frozen tiny green peas
1/2 cup (about) carrot, finely chopped
1/2 cup (about) celery, finely chopped
2 tablespoons fresh dill, finely chopped
1 package Pillsbury Grands Flaky Biscuits
1 egg, lightly beaten with a splash of water

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400ºF.
Heat a small skillet over medium heat with 1 tablespoon butter.  When the butter has melted, add the onions, carrots and celery to the pan and cook until just tender.  (About 10 minutes.  You want the onions to be translucent and the celery and carrots to lose their crunch.)  Once finished, set aside.
Heat a medium skillet over medium-high heat with 2 tablespoons butter. When the butter has melted, whisk in the flour and cook for 1 minute. Whisk in the stock and milk (or half-n-half) and season with salt and pepper. Cook the sauce, whisking often, for a couple of minutes until is has thickened up, then stir in the Dijon and remove pan from heat. Add in the chicken, peas, carrot, onion, celery and dill and give it a good stir to combine everything. Set this mixture aside while you prepare your biscuits.
Grease the mini muffin pan lightly with butter.  Make sure the biscuit dough is cold.  (It’s easier to work with.)  Separate the biscuit layers so that you get 4 rounds (give or take one layer).  Press one round into the cup of the pan so that it comes up the sides and has some extra on the surface of the muffin pan.  Add one heaping teaspoon (or tablespoon if you are making regular-sized muffins) of the chicken mix into the dough and cover it with a half-piece of another round. (A full piece if making regular-size.) Fold the extra dough over onto the top piece and press them together to seal well.
Brush the tops of each muffin with some beaten egg and cut a small snip into the top of each one with a paring knife or pair of scissors to let the steam escape. Bake the muffins until they're deep golden brown and crisp, about 15-20 minutes. (You may have to increase cooking time depending on your oven.)  Serve hot. (They do reheat well.)

Submitter: 
Allison
Description: 
This is one of my most requested comfort food recipes.  If you use a mini-muffin pan, it's great as an appetizer.  Otherwise, you can use a regular-sized muffin pan and it's a fabulous entree dish.  Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
