URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62306285/fennel-flames/
Title:
Fennel Flames Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/369036.jpg
Ingredients:
- Fennel bulbs, 2, stalks and leaves removed from the top, but leave the root for now. Keep the trimmings for a soup.
- Olive Oil for sautéeing
----
You will also need a bowl of iced water handy

Directions:
Place the fennel bulb, root downwards on a chopping board.
Keeping parallel to the centre-line which runs along the widest dimension, slice downwards as evenly as you can manage, from the top to the root. Make the slices quite thin, but not so thin that they are translucent! Please be aware that for now we need the root to stay on each Flame, so slices from the outside without any root should be kept with the trimmings for making a soup later.
When all slices have been done, then cut out a V-shape, removing most of the root from them; the root strikes deeper into the slices taken from the middle than those taken from the edge. Discard the root pieces. Keep just enough root material to hold the whole together.
Your slices can now be seen as flame-shaped when placed flat on a board, these are the "Flames".
Bring a saucepan of water to the boil, no salt, then add the Flames - cook for 5 minutes or until tender.
Remove from the hot water and plunge into the iced water to stop the cooking and to "lock" in the colours/flavours. (Use the hot water for the soup of trimmings)
Remove the Flames and pat dry. If you are going to freeze them for later use, do so now. I freeze mine in Clingfilm, two at a time, then folding over to get another pair, and so on.
(When you want frozen Flames, then defrost them at room temperature and use them as the recipe specifies.)
For THIS recipe, select one side as your presentation side.
Pre-heat the oven to 180°C (350°F).
In a heavy-based skillet, high heat, add a little oil and then sautée the Flames, presentation side down, until golden brown. You will probably have to do this in batches.
Place them on a baking tray, presentation side upwards.
Slide the tray into the oven, and cook for 8 minutes, or until crispy out and tender in.

Submitter: 
Swiss Phil
Description: 
Super for presentation, tender and crunchy to eat - and great to freeze. They are also used in many fish recipes, or e.g. in my Braised Fennel, and so on. You should always have a few dozen of these in your freezer!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
