URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62305423/wanton-red-berries-in-a-chardonnay-gelee/
Title:
Wanton Red Berries in a Chardonnay Gelée Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/367704.jpg
Ingredients:
250 to 300 gms (roughly 9 or 10 ounces) of assorted bright red berries. I generally use raspberries and red currants. (Can actually have any berries, black, blue, whatever!)
1 bottle of Chardonnay
1 vanilla pod
250 gms (a tad under 9 ounces) finest (caster) sugar
Gelatine sufficient for 3/4 litre (just a tad over 3 cups)
6 wine glasses (if you want to make individual portions)

Directions:
Check over the berries and discard any mouldy ones. Place the accepted berries in a bowl and cover with the entire bottle of wine. Leave to steep for at least an hour.
Carefully (to avoid squishing the fruit) drain the wine into a pan.
Split the vanilla pod in half lengthwise and drop this into the wine. You can scrape the seeds out and add those in as well, to get more tiny little vanilla taste bombs. You don't have to scrape, as some will come off anyway.
Bring the wine to the boil and then immediately take it off the heat.
Add the sugar and stir well to dissolve it all.
Allow to cool to say hand temperature before taking out 1/3 of the wine into another jug. Meanwhile prepare the gelatine.
Add the gelatine to the smaller quantity of wine and stir well to thoroughly dissolve the gelatine.
Pour this back into the main body of the wine and stir to mix well.
Best served in individual glasses (but you could make a large bowl of it), so divide the steeped fruit amongst the serving receptacles.
Pour the wine over the fruit carefully and refrigerate until set.
Will keep in the fridge for a couple of days, if required, longer if all the fruit is kept below the surface.

Submitter: 
Sonya Jane
Description: 
Bright red berries in a wine gelée is a super way to finish off a meal. But remember this is equivalent to drinking a glass of wine!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m plus soaking
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
