URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62305318/luscious-triple-lemon-easter-cake/
Title:
Luscious Triple Lemon Easter Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/367626.jpg
Ingredients:
Cake:
2 cups  plus 2 TBSP cake flour
2 teaspoons baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup butter
1 1/4 cups white sugar
3 eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
3/4 cup milk
1/4 cup lemon juice
2 tsp. lemon zest
Lemon Curd:
1 tablespoon grated lemon zest
1/2 cup fresh lemon juice
1 tablespoon cornstarch
6 tablespoons butter
3/4 cup white sugar
4 egg yolks, beaten
Frosting:
8 cups confectioners' sugar
1 cup butter, softened
4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice
2 teaspoons grated lemon zest
1/4 cup milk

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour two 8 inch round pans. Mix together the flour, baking powder and salt. Set aside.
In a large bowl, cream together the butter and sugar until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Beat in the eggs one at a time, then stir in the vanilla and lemon zest. Beat in the flour mixture alternately with the milk and lemon juice, mixing just until incorporated.
Pour batter into pans. Bake for 30 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Cool in pans on wire racks for 10 minutes. Then invert onto wire racks to cool completely.
Filling: In medium saucepan, mix together 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 1/2 cup lemon juice and 1 tablespoon cornstarch until smooth. Mix in 6 tablespoons butter and 3/4 cup sugar, and bring mixture to boil over medium heat. Boil for one minute, stirring constantly. In small bowl, with a wire whisk, beat egg yolks until smooth. Whisk in a small amount of the hot lemon mixture. Pour the egg mixture into the sauce pan, beating the hot lemon mixture rapidly. Reduce heat to low; cook, stirring constantly, 5 minutes, or until thick (not to boil).
Pour mixture into medium bowl. Press plastic wrap onto surface. Cool to room temperature. Refrigerate 3 hrs.
Frosting: In large bowl, beat confectioners' sugar, 1 c butter, ¼ cc lemon juice and 2 tsp lemon zest until smooth. Beat in milk until light and fluffy.
Assembly: With long serrated knife split each cake layer in half horizontally. Place 1 layer, cut side up, on a serving plate. Spread with half of the lemon filling. Top with another layer, and spread with 3/4 cup frosting. Add a third layer, and spread with remaining half of the lemon filling. Press on final cake layer.
Frost with remaining frosting.

Submitter: 
Pam Ziegler Lutz
Description: 
I adapted a popular lemon cake to make it a lemon lover's dream. This cake has lemon in the cake, the filling, and the frosting. There's plenty of frosting for decorating, so get creative. This cake is perfect for any special occasion.Modified from: Lemon Cake with Lemon Filling and Lemon Butter Frosting
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
