URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62301058/carrot-cake---ling-ling/
Title:
Carrot Cake - Ling Ling Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups sugar
1 ½ cup Wesson Canola oil
4 eggs
2 cups flour
1 tsp salt
1.5 tsp baking soda
1 tsp baking powder
1 tsp cinnamon
1 tsp vanilla
3 cups grated carrots (Put it in food processor to chop them fine for mini cupcake)
1 ½ cup chopped nuts
Frosting
1 – 8 oz cream cheese (soft)
1 box powder sugar, add more powder sugar about 1-2 ounces if it is too runny)
½ stick butter (56.70 grams)
2 tsp vanilla

Directions:
For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350F / 176C. Grease a 9-inch round cake pan (preferably springform) and line the bottom with parchment or baking paper. Grease the top of the parchment, too.
In the bowl of a stand mixer or in a large bowl using an electric hand mixer, beat the eggs, sugar and oil together until pale and fluffy. Mix in the grated carrots.
In a medium bowl combine the flour, cinnamon, baking powder, baking soda and salt. While mixing on low speed, add the dry ingredients to the carrot mixture and mix until just combined. Fold in the walnuts.
Pour into the prepared pan and bake around 45 minutes to 55 minutes, until the middle is set and a knife inserted comes out clean (cooking times for other pan sizes will vary, so keep an eye on the oven!). Cool completely in the pan before unmolding the cake.
For mini cupcakes, bake for about 7 minutes to 10 minutes or until brown.
One recipe make about 96 mini cupcakes
For regular cupcake size, bake 16 to 17 minutes. Once recipe make 27 cupcakes.
For the frosting: Meanwhile, with the mixer on medium speed, beat the butter and cream cheese together until combined. Add the vanilla extract. Sift in as much icing sugar as it takes to reach your desired sweetness and consistency. Ice the cake once it is completely cool.

Submitter: 
Doubletigers
Description: 
This make about 96 mini cupcakes or 27 regular size cupcakes
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1
Ready in:
1
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
