URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62309246/reginas-german-chocolate-cake-supreme/
Title:
Regina’s German Chocolate Cake Supreme Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/370455.jpg
Ingredients:
Frosting:
3 egg yolks
1 cup evaporated milk
1 tsp vanilla
1 cup sugar
1 stick butter
1 pkg (14 oz) Baker’s Angel  Flake Coconut
1 cup chopped pecans (quartered)
1 cup chopped pecans (to be sprinkled on top of cake after frosted)
Cake:
1 pkg (4 oz) Baker’s German’s Sweet Chocolate
2 cups sugar
½ cup water
4 eggs, separated
2 1/2 cups Swan Down cake mix
1 tsp vanilla
1 tsp baking soda
1 cup buttermilk
1 tsp salt
solid crisco
1 cup (2 sticks) butter, softened

Directions:
Frosting:
Beat egg yolks, milk and vanilla in large saucepan with whisk until well blended.  Add sugar and butter, cook on low to medium heat 12 mins or until thickened and golden brown, whisking constantly.  Remove from heat.  (Do not allow any brown particles).
Add coconut and nuts; mix well.  Cool.
Cake:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.  Cover bottoms of 3 (9-inch) round cake pans with solid Crisco, then sprinkle with flour;  grease sides of pans also and flour.  Microwave chocolate and water in large microwavable bowl on high 1 ½ to 2 min. or until chocolate is almost melted, stirring after 1 min.  Stir until chocolate is completely melted.
Mix flour, baking soda and salt; set aside.   Beat butter and sugar in large bowl with electric mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy.  Add egg yolks, one at a time, beating well after each addition.  Blend in melted chocolate and the vanilla.  Add flour mixture alternatively with the buttermilk, beating until well blended after each addition.
Beat egg whites in small bowl with electric mixer on high speed until stiff peaks form.  Gently stir into batter.  Pour evenly into prepared pans.
Bake 30 min. or until toothpick inserted in center  comes out clean.  Immediately run small heat-resistant rubber spatula around cake layers.  Cool in pans 15 min.; remove layers from pans to wire racks.  Discard wax paper.  Cool cake layers completely.  Spread coconut-pecan filling and frosting between cake layers and onto top of cake.

Submitter: 
JimChicago52
Description: 
The most fabulous german chocolate cake made by a true German! They bid over $150 for this cake at the church auctions!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 mins
Ready in:
1.5 hrs
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
