URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62301474/beef-and-spinach-empanadas/
Title:
Beef and Spinach Empanadas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/365023.jpg
Ingredients:
1 lb ground beef
1 small onion, minced
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 cup chopped frozen spinach
2 medium potatoes, peeled and shredded.
1/2 tsp salt
1/2 tsp ground black pepper
1 tsp ground cumin
1 Tbs chili powder.
wonton wrappers
cooking oil for frying

Directions:
Defrost spinach and squeeze out as much water as possbile.  Set aside in a strainer.
Brown ground beef until no pink is visible.
Add onion and garlic to pan and saute over medium heat until onion is transparent.
Add raw, shredded potatoes and mix gently but well.  Cover pan and allow to cook until potatoes are tender, about 6-8 minutes, over medium heat.
Add spinach, cumin and chili powder to mixture and stir gently to combine.  Avoid mashing the potatoes.
On wax paper or other clean surface, lay out single wonton wrappers.
Carefully brush all 4 edges of each wrapper with cool water.
Place 1 generous tablespoon of meat mixture in the center of the wontons.
Lay another wonton wrapper on top of the meat and carefully pinch the edges all around, to form a square packet.
Cover prepared empanadas with a damp cloth until ready to fry.  Empanadas may be wrapped and frozen for future use at this step.
In a large fry pan, heat about 2 inches of oil until a drop of water sizzles in it.
Gently lay empanadas in the hot oil and fry them until they are golden brown on the bottom.
Carefully turn the empanadas and cook the other side until golden brown.
Remove fried empanadas to a rack or to a plate with paper toweling, to drain.
Serve warm, with shredded cheeses, sour cream, picante sauce, or guacamole.

Submitter: 
TLW
Description: 
A new twist on tradition, these packets of goodness are tasty and filling.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
