URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62303200/veggie-spagetti-casserole-oamc/
Title:
Veggie Spagetti Casserole OAMC Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 Large Onion, chopped
2 Cups Carrots, chopped
16 ounces frozen chopped spinach
1 package ground turkey
1 Tablespoon Garlic Salt
2 Tablespoon Oregano
1 Tablespoon Ground Pepper
1/4 cup pesto
1 1/2 Tablespoon Ranch Mix
1 14.5 ounce can diced tomatoes
1 Can Tomato Sauce
1 Large Bottle Spaghetti Sauce (2 lb, 13 oz)
2 packages 17.6 ounce whole wheat spaghetti noodles
Mozzarella cheese to taste

Directions:
Saute raw veggies, ground turkey, and spices together, until meat is cooked thoroughly and veggies are tender. Add diced tomatoes, tomato sauce, and spaghetti sauce, stirring thoroughly. Remove from heat. Do not drain.
Break the UNCOOKED spaghetti noodles in half, and spread the entire first package over the bottom of 4 8x8 pans. Try to layer it as evenly as possible. Spread two heaping ladles full of the sauce and meat mixture on top of the noodles, and spread evenly. If desired, add 1/2 cup of mozzarella cheese on top. Follow with the remaining noodles, and remaining sauce. Finish with mozzarella cheese.
Cover with aluminum foil tightly. This is important, since the noodles are uncooked. (You want to trap the steam during baking, which will cook the noodles.) Bake at 350 for approximately 40 minutes. If desired, remove foil, and return to oven for 10 minutes to brown the cheese.  Let sit for 10 minutes, and serve.
You can freeze this prior to baking, and thaw before serving. If you are baking this from the refrigerator, allow an additional 20 minutes for baking.

Submitter: 
The-Baby-Bow-Lady
Description: 
Full of veggies, but even kids enjoy this. Make 4 at a time, and stick a few in the freezer. It is simplified by the fact that you don't have to cook the noodles!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
