URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62306216/caros-rat/
Title:
Caro's Rat Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/389138.jpg
Ingredients:
- Egg plant (Aubergine), 1, Large
- Zucchini (Courgettes), 6 to 8, smaller rather than larger
- Olive oil, 2 Tablespoons, plus
- Onion, 1, Large, roughly chopped
- Garlic, 1 clove, large, roughly chopped
- Tinned Tomatoes, 14 ounce tin
- Bay leaf, 1
- Basil, a few leaves, torn
- Oregano and/or Thyme - I prefer fresh, but dried works as well
- Salt and freshly ground black pepper

Directions:
Take the tops off the egg plant, and top and tail the Zucchini.
Slice the egg plant into finger-width rounds, then "quarter" the rounds. (Try to get all the pieces roughly around the same size, so the larger diameter rounds may need more cutting than just quartering, and the smaller ones may need less).
Slice the Zuchini into finger width rounds.
In a largish, heavy saucepan, heat the 2 Tablespoons of oil.
When hot, reduce the heat, drop in the onions and the garlic and cook gently for around 4 minutes until soft. (Some chefs delay dropping the garlic in until after about 1 minute)
Add the Egg Plant pieces and cook, stirring, for a further 3 minutes - you may have to add a little more oil here.
Add the Zucchini rounds, and stir them in, mixing everything well.
Add the tomatoes (see the footnotes for a little hint) and stir well.
Increase the heat.
Add the Bay Leaf, Basil, Oregano and Thyme, and again mix well.
Bring to the boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 45 minutes, stirring ocasionally.
Finish by seasoning with salt and freshly ground black pepper - to taste.

Submitter: 
Swiss Phil
Description: 
An easy Ratatouille that is great with Lamb, with Mashed Potatoes, with Thick Noodles. Best made 1 day in advance. And freezes well. Sent to me by a professional cook, my friend Caroline (hence the name) is to be thanked.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
