URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62300202/hearty-vegetable-lasagna/
Title:
Hearty Vegetable Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/367024.jpg
Ingredients:
8 ounces lasagna noodles
1/4 Cup, plus 2 Tablespoons, plus 1 teaspoon olive oil
1 medium onion, chopped
3 teaspoons jarred minced garlic (6 cloves), divided
2 portobello mushrooms, stems removed and diced
1 bell pepper (red, orange, or yellow), diced
2 medium zucchini, quartered and thinly sliced
1 medium yellow squash, quartered and thinly sliced
2 quart jars of prepared pasta sauce (I used Classico's tomato basil)
15 oz part-skim ricotta cheese
5 Cups mozzarella cheese, divided
1 lb frozen spinach, thawed and squeezed dry
1/4 Cup fresh parmesan cheese, coarsely shredded (plus more for serving)
2 eggs, lightly beaten
pinch of nutmeg
coarse salt and fresh ground pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350. Prepare a 9 x 13, 4 quart baking dish by spreading a 1/2 Cup of the jarred sauce in the bottom.  Set aside.
Stir 1/4 Cup olive oil with 1 teaspoon minced garlic and set aside.
Place noodles in a large pot of boiling, salted water, and add a teaspoon of olive oil to keep from sticking. Reduce heat and boil until edges are soft and pasta is al dente, about 8 minutes.  Remove from pot and rinse with cold water.
Spray a large cookie sheet with oil and arrange zucchini in a layer. Brush with olive oil/garlic mixture and place in preheated oven for five minutes.  Pour remaining olive oil mixture onto yellow squash to marinate for five minutes.  Then add squash to zucchini and roast for ten minutes more.
Heat a large stainless-steel skillet over medium-high heat.  Add 2 Tablespoons olive oil and heat.  Add diced onions and bell pepper, season with salt, then stir while cooking until they begin to soften, about a minute and a half.
Add mushrooms and garlic to skillet and cook until they are fragrant, about 8 minutes.  Reduce heat to low and add the jars of sauce. Then add the zucchini and squash to the skillet.
In a large bowl, combine ricotta, spinach, parmesan, eggs, 1 Cup mozzarella, and nutmeg.  Season with salt and pepper.
In the bottom of the prepared baking dish, layer 3 lasagna noodles.  Next layer 1/2 the ricotta mixture, then 1/3 of the sauce, and another cup of mozzarella.  Repeat layers once.  Finish by layering the remaining lasagna, sauce, and mozzarella.
Cook in preheated oven for 40 minutes and serve with parmesan cheese.

Submitter: 
Michaela
Description: 
This is a recipe I concocted as a way to incorporate a lot of veggies into what normally is an all-cheese-and-pasta favorite!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
