URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62316506/sun-dried-tomato-and-feta-stuffed-artichokes-recipe/
Title:
Sun-Dried Tomato and Feta Stuffed Artichokes Recipe Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 1/4 cup(s) bread crumbs, course, dried, whole-wheat
1 cup(s) cheese, feta, finely crumbled
2/3 cup(s) tomato(es), sun-dried and oil-packed, rinsed and finely chopped
1/2 cup(s) basil, fresh, minced
2 clove(s) garlic, minced
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon pepper, black ground, freshly ground
1 tablespoon oil, olive, extra virgin
4 large artichoke(s), fresh, (2 1/2-3 1/2 pounds total)
6 teaspoon oil, olive, extra virgin, divided
3 clove(s) garlic, minced
2 cup(s) broth, reduced-sodium chicken
1 tablespoon lemon juice

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375°F.
To prepare stuffing: Combine breadcrumbs, feta, tomatoes, basil, garlic, salt, pepper and oil in a medium bowl.
To prepare artichokes: Cut off the top 1 inch of leaves from an artichoke. Remove the outer layer of small, tough leaves from the stem end. Snip all remaining spiky tips from the outer leaves. Cut off the stem to make a flat bottom. (Discard the stem.) Starting at the outer layers and progressing inward, pull the leaves apart to loosen. Pull open the leaves at the center until you see the spiky, lighter leaves around the heart. Pull out those lighter leaves to expose the fuzzy choke. Scoop out the choke with a melon baller or grapefruit spoon and discard. Repeat this step with the remaining artichokes.
Spoon 1/2 cup stuffing into the center of an artichoke. Stuff an additional 1/2 cup stuffing between the outer leaves, toward the base, using a small spoon. Repeat with the remaining artichokes and stuffing. Divide any remaining stuffing among the artichokes.
Heat 2 teaspoons oil in a Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add garlic and cook, stirring often, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add broth and lemon juice; bring to a simmer. Carefully stand the artichokes upright in the pan. Drizzle each artichoke with 1 teaspoon oil.
Cover, transfer the pot to the oven and bake until tender when pierced down through the center with a knife, about 50 minutes. Uncover and continue baking until the stuffing is slightly browned, about 10 minutes more. Remove from the braising liquid and serve. Use the braising liquid for dipping if desired.

Submitter: 
Chez Christine
Description: 
Flavorful sun-dried tomatoes and tangy feta add depth to the stuffing for these artichokes. This is a great recipe from everydayhealth.com.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
