URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62318629/octapodi-kokkinisto-greek-octopus-in-tomato-sauce/
Title:
Octapodi kokkinisto (Greek octopus in tomato sauce) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/376864.jpg
Ingredients:
2 lb fresh or frozen octopus (about 2 medium)
8 small red onions, sliced into thin wedges
3/4 cup olive oil
3 bay leaves
2 cups crushed tomatoes
1/2 teaspoon sea salt
freshly ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Cut the octopus into small pieces (about 3 inches). Take care to cut the small 'mouth' out of the very middle of the octopus, at the base of its head - you'll recognize it by its dark color and tough feel.
Add the octopus pieces to a large saucepan, cover and place over medium-high heat.
After about 10 to 15 minutes, uncover the pan; you'll notice the octopus will have started to release its juices. (This is exactly what you want! Never add water; you want the octopus to cook in its own juices for best flavor.) Now that the juices are released, let the octopus to continue to simmer uncovered over medium-high heat for approximately 20 to 25 minutes, or until nearly all of the liquid has evaporated.
Once nearly all the liquid has evaporated (with just about 3 or 4 tablespoons left), add the olive oil, onions and bay leaves. Continue to cook over medium-high heat, stirring frequently, until the onions are soft.
Add the tomatoes, sea salt and black pepper to taste. Cover and simmer over medium-low heat for 25 minutes (uncover for the last 10 minutes if not enough water is evaporating from the sauce). Once the octopus is tender, the sauce has thickened, and the oil has risen to the surface of the sauce, remove from heat and serve with hand-cut french fries or plain rice.

Submitter: 
Diana Moutsopoulos
Description: 
Octopus is an incomparable treat. I love it grilled, in a salad or in tomato sauce. For many, cooking octopus may seem daunting - but I assure you, it couldn't be easier. Serve this dish with hand-cut french fries or with rice.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
