URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62317495/spring-rolls/
Title:
Spring Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Wrapping:3 cups all-purpose flour, 1 1/2 cups watter.
Filling: Meat: 1 lbs pork(chicken, shrimp, or mixture)shreded.
Marinade 1 tbsp wine, 1 tsp salt, 2 tsp cornstarch, 1/2 tsp Accent
Vegetables:1/2 cup green onions shredded, 2 cups bamboo shoots shreded.1 cup mushrooms shredded, 5 cups bean sprouts(FRESH), 1 tsp salt, 1 tbs soy sauce, 1 tsp Accent, 1 cup ham shredded, 1 carrot grated.

Directions:
Wrapping:Mix well. Knead for 10 minn. with a lifting and pushing motion. Dough will be sticky. refrigerate, coverd, overnight. Next day heat griddle to 300. Wipe warm griddle with wax paper. take the mass of dough in your hand and rub it on the griddle in a circular motion.Oull remaining dough straight up from thin layer of dough which has adheard to pan.Wrapping is done when edge starts to lift and peel(bout7 seconds).Lift from griddle, turn over to heat other side for a second and remove from plate.
Filling:Heat 1/2 cup oil 420. Fry meat 2 minn. Add vegetables in and fry, stiring for 2 minn. With the smooth side of wrapping to outside, place 2 tbsp of filling on each wrapper and wrap folding over one end. If wrappers are warm they will not seal. Unsealed wrappers may be set in skillet, warmed to seal. Heat deep fat to 300. using tongs or chopsticks immerse spring rolls in grease holding seald edges together for a few seconds to insure firm seal. fry till golden brown, 5 minn., and serve hot.

Submitter: 
Seamus O'Connor
Description: 
This is what mum made from scratch till she got sick. Tends to be time consumming but well worth it!
On Okinawa she would make the wrappers by hand. She and Mrs.Stanford, our Chaplins wife would spend all day making Chinese food, some times with a bit of Japonese food throen in.
Do NOT freeze the cooked Spring Rolls. If you freeze theme, do so BEFORE you cook theme!
If you dont they will taste like the ones you get at markets and many restraunts.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 hr
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
