URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62314267/basic-spicy-samosas/
Title:
Basic Spicy Samosas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
First, for the filling:
500 gms (18 ounces) Potatoes, peeled
4 Tabespoons oil (mustard oil is best)
Seed and onion mix:
1 teaspoon each of cumin, coriander and pomegranate seeds.
1/2 teaspoon black mustard seeds
1 medium/large onion, finely chopped
Vegetable mix:
180 gms ( 6 to 6 1/2 ounces) peas (frozen are ok)
1 Tablespoon finely grated fresh ginger
2 Tablespoons fresh coriander (cilantro), chopped
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon garam masala
1/2 teaspoon tandoori masala
1/2 teaspoon chilli powder
1/2 teaspoon turmeric
2 fresh green chillies
Liquids:
3 Tablespoons water
2 Tablespoons lemon juice
---
Secondly, for the pastry:
4 Tablespoons oil (mustard oil is best)
4 Tablespoons water
1 Tablespoon Lemon Juice
1/2 teaspoon salt
225 gms (8 ounces) flour
---
Finally for the flour and water paste:
30 gms (1 ounce) flour
6 Tablespoons water

Directions:
In a pan, bring some water to the boil, add some salt and boil the potatoes for 10 minutes. Drain, allow to cool and then cut into small dice.
In a heavy-bottomed skillet, heat the oil then add the seed and onion mix ingredients. Cook until the onion is golden brown.
Add the vegetable mix and the liquids, stir well and cook for 2 or 3 minutes before removing from the heat and allowing to cool.
Mix the pastry ingredients well until you get an even dough.
Divide the dough into 8 equal portions and then make balls of these.
On a floured surface, or between two sheets of clingfilm, roll out the dough balls individually until quite thin, then halve each, ending with 16 dough semi-circles.
In a dry, heavy skillet, lightly cook the pastry pieces on each side.
Make up the flour and water paste.
Fold together two sides of one piece of pastry and glue together with the paste.
Into this pocket, put 2 or 3 Tablespoons of filling.
Seal the final edges with the paste.
Repeat for the remaining pastry pieces.
At this point, you could freeze the samosas, which will then need to be defrosted before continuing.
To finish, either deep fry, or shallow fry and turn frequently, until rich golden crispy delights are achieved.
Serve warm with oriental chutneys and/or pickles (or with an Indian mint sauce - see my Cucumber Raita with Mint) as an appetizer or a side.

Submitter: 
Sonya Jane
Description: 
Samosas are of Indian origin and this easy recipe gives a good basic vegetable Samosa. Adding shredded beef, chicken or pork gives nice varieties, particularly if the meats are also spicily cooked.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 or 2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
