URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62313917/dianas-swiss-roesti-potatoes/
Title:
Diana's Swiss Roesti Potatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
- Onion; 1, medium, finely chopped
- Butter; 45 gms (1 1/2 oz)
- Potatoes; 675 gms (1 1/2 pounds), peeled and cut into large chunks, such as Maris Piper that does not get too fluffy when boiled
- Salt and freshly ground black pepper
- Vegetable Oil; 4 Tablespoons

Directions:
Sweat the onion in half the butter until translucent.
Place the potatoes in a saucepan with 1 teaspoon salt. Cover with COLD water and heat to a simmer. Simmer for 5 minutes.
Drain the potatoes and leave to cool in a colander. When cool enough to handle (use rubber gloves as protection), grate the potatoes coarsely, then toss them with some salt and pepper, and also the sweated onion and butter.
You can leave the potatoes at this point for several hours, or even overnight. Or start cooking immediately, if you like.
In a 10 inch (25 cm) sauté pan over medium heat, warm 2 Tablespoons of oil. When hot, add half the remaining butter, heat until foaming.
When the foaming subsides, press the grated potato into the pan and smoothe it evenly.
Fry gently over a low heat for around 15 minutes, until golden and crusty. A tell-tale that the potatoes are nearly ready is when you shake the pan slightly and the entire potatoes move as one mass.
When ready, slide the potato cake out of the pan and onto a plate. At some point you will fry the other side of the potatoes, so you have to turn the cake upside down, either using another plate or by inverting the cake onto the plate in the first place.
Add the remaining oil to the pan, warm it, add the butter and again wait until the foaming subsides, before cooking the other side of the cake exactly as before.
Serve hot, cut into wedges.

Submitter: 
Swiss Phil
Description: 
Authentic Swiss recipe that can be served in infinite varieties. The basics remain the same, but one restaurant near us serves 25 different sorts.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
