URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62311254/holiday-veggie-roasts/
Title:
Holiday Veggie Roasts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cans water chestnuts, drained and chopped
1 cup walnuts, chopped
1 cup cottage cheese
1 lb. mushrooms, chopped
1 onion, chopped
1/2 cup uncooked oats
2 cups cooked rice (I use the ‘boil in bag’ brown rice and microwave it)
4 ieces any bread, crumbled
4 celery stalks, finely chopped
1/4 teaspoon sage, rubbed in hand (or use powdered)
1/8 teaspoon fresh rosemary, minced
1/8 teaspoon dried tarragon, rubbed in hand
1/8 teaspoon dried thyme
1 cup fresh parsley, chopped
2 T. Bragg’s Liquid Aminos (unfermented soy sauce, available in health food stores)
4 eggs, beaten
2 sheets puff pastry
Egg wash (1 egg mixed with 1 T. water)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Combine all ingredients except pastry and egg wash in a large mixing bowl. Mix thoroughly. Line two one-pound bread pans with foil, leaving an extra length of foil to fold over top. Grease foil lining with vegetable spray. Pour mixture into pans. Cover with remaining foil. Bake for one hour, until firm. Let cool.
Increase oven to 400 degrees.
While loaves are cooling, roll out one puff pastry on floured board. Turn one loaf of baked vegetables onto puff pastry and wrap carefully. Place on cookie sheet greased with vegetable spray. Repeat for second loaf. With leftover pastry dough, create little leaves or decorations; attach to loaves with egg wash. Brush egg wash over entire puff pastry wrapping.
Bake 25 minutes at 400 degrees, until pastry is golden.

Submitter: 
Cari
Description: 
This is a wonderful replacement for traditional turkey, festively wrapped in puff pastry.
I serve this just about every thanksgiving and I always have to make more because the meat eaters like it so much too!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 min.
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
