URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62314473/amazing-hawaiian-chicken-chili/
Title:
Amazing Hawaiian Chicken Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
1 cup barbeque sauce
2 tablespoons butter, divided
1 large onion, diced
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 large fresh red pepper, chopped
2 roasted red peppers from a jar, chopped
1 (6 ounce) can tomato paste
3 tablespoons chili powder
1 tablespoon ancho chile powder
1 tablespoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon ground ginger
1 tablespoon vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon white sugar
1 (20 ounce) can pineapple chunks used juice left pineapple on the side. Some added some did not
1 (15 ounce) can kidney beans, drained
1 (15 ounce) can black beans, drained
1 (15 ounce) can chopped tomatoes, drained
2 (15 ounce) italian stewed tomatoes
1 1/2 jars chipotle salsa
(each jar was 16 oz.
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Boil chicken breast in water with salt and pepper. Biol until chicken is cooked. Take aside and slice up. Add the barbeque sauce to coat the chicken. Place in the crock of a slow cooker.
Heat the 2 tablespoons of butter in the skillet over medium-high heat, add the diced onion, garlic, and roasted red peppers, and cook and stir until the onion is softened, about 5 minutes.  Stir in the tomato paste, chili powder, ancho chile powder, ground cumin, ground ginger, vanilla, and sugar.  Cook, stirring, until blended, about 2 minutes.  Transfer the mixture to the slow cooker.
Drain the canned pineapple and reserve the fruit.  Stir the pineapple juice,  kidney beans, black beans, tomatoes, and chipotle salsa into the ingredients in the slow cooker and set the heat to High.  Allow the chili to cook on High until it begins to bubble, about 20 minutes.  Turn the slow cooker to Low and cook for 45 mins. to an hour.
Stir the reserved pineapple into the chili and continue to cook until the pineapple is warm, about 15 minutes. I left the pineapple on the side and let whoever add if they wanted. My husband did not want to add the pineapple. To me it was great but I would suggest to cut up the pineapple in smaller pieces.  Salt and pepper the chili to taste and serve piping hot.

Submitter: 
Tammi
Description: 
This is a hearty chicken chili with sweet pineapple and a few subtle kicks of spice that the whole family will enjoy.Modified from: Amazing Hawaiian Chicken Chili
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 1/2 to 2 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
