URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62312747/chicken-poblano-cream-sauce/
Title:
Chicken Poblano Cream Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4-5 Boneless Skinless Chicken Breast
(I have the store tenderize the chicken for ease)
1/2 cup to a Cup of Milk
2 table spoons of unsalted butter (again you can use salted if you would like)
1-2 table spoons of flour
Small container of Heavy Cream
1 cup of grated Jack cheese
1/2 cup of grated Asiago Cheese
1/4 cup of pepper Jack cheese
1 small can of Green Chilis (drained and Rinsed)
1 small white onion (only need 1/2 diced)
4 small poblano peppers seeded and diced
1 small Red bell pepper 1/2 diced and seeded
1 clove garlic diced
1 cup EVOO (extra virgin olive oil)
1 Lemon or Lime
Paperika
Mrs. Dash Grilling blends Chicken
Pepper
Tyme
Red pepper Flakes or crushed (Optional)
White rice (we like minute rice)

Directions:
We love using the gas grill. So this is the method I will use for this recipe. You can also Broil the chicken.
Set grill to low. In a small bowl Combine 1/2 of the EVOO and lemon juice from the entire lemon or Lime and Paprika. Season the Chicken using the Mrs. Dash.
Place Chicken on Grill and Brush the Lemon mixture on chicken. (turn and brush the lemon mixture once every ten minutes untill chicken is no longer pink in the center. About 20 mins. or 30 depending on grill)
While chicken is cooking Start your rice. (according to package directions)
In a small saute pan add the other 1/2 of EVOO. Add your Onions, peppers (not green Chilis) and Garlic. ("sweat" them together on med low while you start the Rue)
In a Sauce pan, Add butter, once melted add flour and mix together. Brown the flour a bit but not to brown. Slowly mix in milk until mixture is smooth. (may need more or less milk) Once smooth slowly add entire container of Cream. (cook on med low so not to burn mixture)(DO NOT ADD LIME OR LEMON TO RUE Will Spoil the milk) Add the rest of the Spices to mixture. Add as much or as little as your taste buds like. Add Cheeses. Once cheese is Melted you may need to thin out mixture a bit with some more milk.
Add Green chilis. Add the onion pepper mixture to cream sauce.
Poor mixture over rice and add Chicken. ENJOY.
(I am not the best at writing recipes so if you have any questions feel Free to ask. Also My spelling is awful, if you have any confusion please ask.)

Submitter: 
Pygmalin
Description: 
Amazing creamy poblano chicken. This can be revised to suit your families taste. Note: I do not use salt in many recipes I make. But you can add salt if you would like. All seasonings are to your taste, this is why amount is left blank.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
10-15 min.
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
