URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62317864/salmon-filet-in-a-pistachio-bonnet-on-a-bed-of-fennel/
Title:
Salmon Filet in a Pistachio Bonnet, on a Bed of Fennel Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 bread roll, 1 day old, finely chopped
100 gms (3 1/2 ounces) unsalted, shelled pistachios, coarsely chopped
50 gms (1 3/4 ounces) black olives, de-stoned, coarsely chopped
1 small bunch of flat-leaf parsley, coarsely chopped
1 fresh egg, lightly beaten
4 Tablespoons dry white wine (a medium dry could work, but NOT a sweet)
2 pinches salt for the nut mix
1 pinch freshly milled black pepper
1 kg (2.2 pounds) Salmon Filet, divided into 8 equal pieces
1 teaspoon (ish) salt for the salmon
---
1.2 kgs (2.6 pounds) Fennel trimmed, and cut downwards towards the root along the widest axis, ending with 6 slices (or 4 from thin ones) - or use 24 or 32 Fennel Flames from your freezer (see Swiss Phil's recipe for these).
3 Tablespoons Pastis - Ricard or Pernod for example
4 Tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan
Freshly milled black pepper
Dill for garnish

Directions:
Pre-heat the oven to 200°C (390°F).
Lay some baking paper in one baking tray, and lightly grease another.
Mix together the bread, pistachios, olives, parsley and egg. Season with the salt and pepper.
Salt the salmon filets on both sides and place on the baking paper in the baking tray.
Divide the nut mixture equally over the salmon pieces.
Using defrosted Fennel Flames, - or soften the fennel slices for 5 minutes in simmering, salted water in a covered pan, then remove and dry. Place the fennel on the greased baking try.
Sprinkle the fennel with the Pastis and then with the Parmesan.
Slide both trays into the oven and bake for 15 minutes. Do not let either blacken.
Serve together on a warmed plate, and garnish with the dill.

Submitter: 
Sonya Jane
Description: 
Colourful, tasty and simple to do.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
