URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62318765/chicken-paella-with-charizo-and-roasted-asparagus/
Title:
Chicken Paella with charizo and roasted asparagus Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/382420.jpg
Ingredients:
2 large or 3 small boneless/skinless chicken breast
1 (8oz) charizo (used Garcia 100% natural)
1 (10oz) Saffron Yellow Long Grain Rice (used Mahatma)
1/4 tea saffron thread (if you have them, adds color)
2 Tbl olive oil...or leftover bacon fat from mornings pound of bacon (recommended)
1 cup red wine (Sarah or Malbec)
1/2 red onion diced
4 + 2 garlic cloves, minced (4 for chicken, 2 for asparagus
1 large red bell pepper diced large (or fire roasted red peppers from jar)
12 asparagus spears (fresh preferred)
1-1/4 tea salt
1-1/4 tea smoked paprika (or Spanish)
1/2 tea fresh ground pepper
2 Tbl olive oil
1/2 Tbl sweet pepper flakes

Directions:
Start by staging all the ingredients (try getting/collecting all in one armful like Rachael Ray and not spilling/dropping anything....impossible)
Dice chicken breasts and put aside in bowl. Sip wine.
In med pot make rice per package instructions. (3-1/2 cups water, 2Tb margarine, 10oz pkg rice, 1/4 tea dash of saffron for color and to brag that you finally used saffron)
Heat left over mornings bacon drippings in large skillet (preferred) or use olive oil.
Add sliced charizo and brown. Don't worry it will sort of crumble but try to keep it together (charizo will add flavor to oil and nice color to chicken)
Add garlic (4 cloves minced) and 1/2 onion to charizo
Add chicken to skillet (remember to stir rice in pot)
Add salt, pepper, paprika to skillet
Dice and add red pepper to skillet
Sip wine, stir rice, stir charizo and chicken until nicely browned.
Transfer chicken and charizo mixture to strainer, drain excess oils and put aside.
Heat oven to 425, clean and trim asparagus, arrange single layer in glass baking dish. Drizzle 2Tbl olive oil, sprinkle with 2 minced remaining cloves garlic and sprinkle with sweet pepper flakes. Bake 8 min or until cooked but still firm/crunchy.
Rice should be finished, turn off heat and allow to firm up for a couple minutes.
On large platter spoon rice into center creating a nice spread out mound. Surround rice with chicken/charizo mixture positioning red pepper for presentation. Place green asparagus spears on top of yellow rice.
Sip wine. Admire platter. Summon. Serve!

Submitter: 
Rick
Description: 
A Texas version of the classic Spanish dish comes together in about an hour and makes for a hearty meal and great presentation. Smoked paprika and charizo add nutty flavor and and grilled asparagus add fresh flavor and nice crunch.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15min
Ready in:
40 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
