URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62319232/year-round-baby-back-ribs/
Title:
Year-Round Baby Back Ribs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 Rack of Baby Back Ribs
1 Tbsp. liquid smoke (Hickory)
1 cup dark brown sugar, packed
1/4 cup paprika
1/4  cup smoked paprika
2 1/2 Tbsp. black pepper, coarsely ground
1 1/2 tsp. chili powder
1 tsp. cayenne pepper, ground
1 1/2 Tbsp. onion powder
1 1/2 Tbsp. garlic powder
1/2 tsp. dry mustard, ground
2 Tbsp. Kosher Salt
Heavy duty aluminum foil (as wide as you can get)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 300 degrees.
Place ribs on a work surface with the bone side up. In the center of the rack, insert a knife and create a 1” slit in the membrane covering the ribs. Using a finger, reach below the membrane and begin to separate from the meat, working in a circle.
Once you created a nicely separated area, begin to peel the membrane from the center out towards one end. This can be difficult as it is slippery, but is necessary. Use a pair of needle-nose pliers if needed (I have a pair just for kitchen use). Proceed to remove from the other half.
Cover the ribs with plastic wrap and set aside to reach room temperature. While waiting, prepare the dry-rub.
Mix the brown sugar, paprika, smoked paprika, black pepper, chili powder, cayenne, onion powder, garlic powder, mustard, and salt in a zip top bag. Mix will and make sure all brown sugar chunks are gone and all ingredients are evenly distributed.
Rub the ribs with the liquid smoke on both sides. This will help the dry-rub to adhere. Liberally apply the dry rub so that all surfaces are coated. Let sit for 30 minutes.
Roll out foil and place ribs in the center, running the length of the foil. Roll up foil tightly to form a packet. You may have to use multiple layers of foil.
Place into the oven for 3 hours, or 2 ½ hours if using convection.

Submitter: 
James
Description: 
In snow, rain, and massive storms, it is hard to fire up the smoker. This recipe gives you falling-off-the-bone ribs, with that delicious smokey flavor, but using only an oven.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3.5 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
