URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62315876/chicken-noodle-soup-aka-chicken-or-turkey-carcass-soup/
Title:
Chicken Noodle Soup aka Chicken or Turkey Carcass Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
*1 chicken carcass or you could use a turkey carcass, along with all the left over meat, bones and trimmings. Can use whole chicken.
Aromatics:
*2 cups chopped celery,
*2 cups chopped onion,
*1 TBS minced garlic.
Herbs and seasonings:
*3 nice size bay leaves,
*1 TBS ground or rubbed sage, or 2 TBS fresh chopped
*1 1/2 tsp. ground pepper, or peppercorns
*1 tsp. crushed dried or 1 TBS chopped fresh thyme,
*1 tsp. dried crushed basil or 1 TBS chopped fresh,
*1 tsp. curshed oregano,
*1/2 tsp finely chopped dried rosemary or 1 tsp fresh.
*Large stock pot or other very large pan.
Enough water to fill stock pot. Can use chicken or turkey broth to increase intensity of flavor,
Optional Ingredients: For creamy broth
*1 1/2 cup chicken broth
*2 TBS cornstarch or flour...or...2 envelopes of Chicken or Turkey Gravy mix dissolved in 1 1/2 cups broth, NOT HOT BROTH. or 1 can cream of chicken soup.
This is now your broth for the soup. Taste of broth and adjust seasonings.
*1 medium potato per person eating plus 2 for the pot
*1 medium carrot per person and one for the pot. Can use baby carrots instead of peeling and slicing ones.
*2 stalks celery cut into bite size pieces
Optional: any other veggies your family likes.

Directions:
Save all unusable parts of a whole cooked chicken or turkey. I like to use the carcass of a Rotisserie cooked chicken.
Put all chicken parts into stock pot.
Fill stock half full of water. (broth is you are using it)
Add aromatics to stock pot. You may use more or less of the aromatics if you like. If your family doesn't care for a certain one, omit it.
Add vegetables to stock pot. You may add less or more of any of the vegetables as per family's likes and dislikes.
Place on stove and finish filling the stock pot with liquid. You can also put all ingredients into large roaster pan and do the cooking in the oven if you would like at 350* until bones are boiled clean and whatever chicken left on the bones is falling off.
Remove, with slotted spoon, all chicken pieces from pan, save them.
At this point you can dip out all the herbs and veggies you added or leave them in to add to the soups texture.
For Chicken Vegetable Soup with Noodles
Peel potatoes and cut into approximately 1" pieces.
Peel carrots and cut into bite size pieces.
Slice across the rib, the celery inot bite size pieces
Bring this to a boil then turn down to medium until veggies are about half sone. Still firm when pierced with a fork.
Add 2 cups pasta and cook until pasta is tender or to desired doneness.
For Chicken Noodle Soup
Using a slotted spoon dip out chicken parts or drain broth through a colander and then return broth to pan.
Taste and adjust seasonings then return to stove and bring to a boil.
At this point you can let it boil for awhile to evaporate some of the liquid and concentrate the chicken flavor.
Add pasta or homemake moodles to boiling broth. Turn to medium and cook until pasta to desired doneness.

Submitter: 
Kitten
Description: 
Old-fashioned, total comfort food of the best kind. You can use store bought pasta or make your own. It's good...great on a cold winter night or when you just want a great bowl of chicken noodle or chicken vegetable soup.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 min to 1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
