URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62312990/kens-stuffed-shells---sparky-version/
Title:
Ken's Stuffed Shells - Sparky Version Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/362767.jpg
Ingredients:
1 12 ounce package large shell pasta prepared and set aside in cold water
1 pound ground beef
3 links sweet Italian sausage with casings removed
1 small onion roughly diced
1 tsp garlic powder
1 Tbsp parsley flakes,crumbled
1 1/2 teaspoons dried Italian seasoning
1 16 ounce container lowfat cottage cheese
4 ounces shredded mozarella
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1 teaspoon white pepper
1 egg beaten
ground pepper
36 ounces marinara sauce (use your favorite)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350.
Brown beef and sausage in a pan and drain the fat off.
Add onion, garlic and parsley to a food processor and pulse till minced.  Add to browned meat along with the Italian seasoning and salt.  Sautee about 5 mins.
Put meat mixture in the food processor and pulse to a fine consistency.  Transfer back to the pan and let cool slightly.  Add the egg and mix well.
Blend the cottage cheese, 4 ounces mozarella, nutmeg and white pepper in the food processor till creamy.
Spread 1 cup marinara over the bottom of a 9x13 glass pan.
Fill each shell with the meat mixture, then top with a big spoonful of the cottage cheese and place in the pan.  Repeat till the pan is full.  (You won't use all the shells).
Spoon a little sauce over each shell and top with 8 ounces of mozarella.
Cover and bake at 350 degrees for 30 minutes.  Remove cover and spoon remaining sauce over the shells and top with the last 4 ounces of mozarella.
Bake uncovered for 15 mins.

Submitter: 
sparkytoo
Description: 
Ken from CA does it again with jumbo shells stuffed with a savory blend of ground beef, sausage, herbs and cottage cheese.  Sorry, Ken!  I had to revise this because we're trying to wean Hubby off heart-problem foods. :(  Basically cut down on the mozzarella and cheeses (and no salt).Modified from: Ken's Stuffed Shells
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
