URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62322478/vegetarian-lasagna/
Title:
Vegetarian Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 medium sized Eggplant
4 small Zucchini
3 Bell Peppers
1 Large Sweet Onion (Chopped)
5-6 Cloves Garlic (sliced/chopped)
16 oz Baby Bella Mushrooms (whole)
6 oz Boca Crumbles (optional)
Extra Virgin Olive Oil
2 Cans Tomato Puree
1 small can Tomato paste
1 Tbsp each of Basil, Oregano, Sugar and Balsamic Vinegar.
3 Bay leaves
2 Boxes Lasagna Noodles
24oz Ricotta Cheese
2 eggs
1 cup Parsley
salt and pepper

Directions:
Peel and slice the eggplant and zucchini (I like zucchini skin so I leave it on)
Toss or spray Eggplant and zucchini with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast Eggplant and zucchini for about 15min at 350°.
Coat Peppers in oil and roast them over a flame or under the broiler. Peel the skin when they have cooled.
Sauté garlic and onions in a large pot until the onions are caramelized. Add Mushrooms and cook until reduced by half.
Add tomato paste and and stir. Add tomato puree and a tablespoon each of basil, oregano, sugar, balsamic vinegar and 3 bay leaves.
Add Boca Crumbles
Cook for an hour stirring every 20min. Cool overnight for best results.
Cook lasagna noodles for half the recommended cook time. (They'll finish in the oven)
Mix the ricotta, 2 eggs, cup of parsley, 1/2 tsp of salt and 1/4 tsp of pepper together.
Start the layering your lasagna with your sauce. Follow that with your noodles and then 1/3 of the ricotta mixture. You want to finish your layers with sauce on the top. Sprinkle with mozzarella and Parmesan cheese.
Cover with foil. Make sure to tent the foil so your cheese doesn't melt to the foil. Bake for 45min at 350°.
Remove foil and cook until cheese is bubbling and nicely browned.
Remove from oven and let stand about 15-30 min. Serve and enjoy!!

Submitter: 
Missa Fisk
Description: 
A yummy Roasted Vegetable Lasagna. It's very easy, but a little time consuming if you don't have a nice sized kitchen. This combination of vegetables can surprise even the most devout meat eater.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
NA
