URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62323454/cinnamon-roll-cheesecake/
Title:
Cinnamon Roll Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/388614.jpg
Ingredients:
Cinnamon Roll Batter
2/3 c white sugar
1/4 c unsalted butter (room temp)
1 egg
1/2 c half and half
1 TBSP vanilla extract
2 c flour
2 tsp baking powder
1/2 tsp salt
Cheesecake filling
2 pkgs (8oz each) cream cheese (room temp)
1 c sugar
1 TBSP vanilla extract
2 TBSP flour
3 eggs (room temp)
Cinnamon Filling
1/3 c butter, melted
1 c brown sugar
3 TBSP cinnamon
Cream Cheese Frosting
2 oz cream cheese (room temp)
3 TBSP unsalted butter (room temp)
2 tsp vanilla
1 c powdered sugar
1 TBSP lemon juice (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350.
Grease a 9 inch Springform pan.
Sift together flour, baking powder, and salt. Using a mixer cream together the butter and sugar for 3 minutes, until light and fluffy.
Add egg, vanilla and half and half. Beat for another minute. Scrape down bowl. Combine the sifted and creamed ingredients together. Mix on low speed until combined.
Spread half of the batter onto the bottom of the Springform pan. It will be sticky and thick so spray your hands with baking spray and press down. It will be a thin layer, but trust me it will rise up during baking. For the Cheese cake Filling, Using a mixer (and a clean bowl) beat cream cheese and sugar for 2 mins on medium high speed. Add eggs one at a time, scraping down the bowl after each addition. Add the vanilla and flour and beat for another minute. Pour all of the cheesecake batter on top of the cinnamon roll batter that is in the prepared pan. In a small bowl, combine the melted butter, cinnamon and brown sugar. Mix until thoroughly combined. Drop spoonfuls of the cinnamon filling over the entire top of the cheesecake. Take the rest of the base batter and drop spoonfuls over the entire top of the sheesecake. Once finished, take a knife to swirl the ingredients together. This hard to do as the batter is pretty thick, just do what you can. Bake for 50-55 mins. cake will be puffy and lightly browned. Let cool for 20 min, then cover and refrigerate for 4 hrs. Frost with Cream Cheese frosting. Beat cream cheese and butter together. Add remaining ingredients and beat until desired consistency is reached. (ADDITIONS: See Notes)

Submitter: 
LadySparkle
Description: 
Brief?? AWESOMELY DELICIOUS!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 mins.
Ready in:
6 hrs
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
