URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62328986/chili-cheese-help-me-please/
Title:
Chili Cheese Help me Please Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/467765.jpg
Ingredients:
1 Tbsp. extra virgin olive oil
1/2 c. onion, grated into skillet
1 lb. lean ground beef
3 c. water, divided
1 c. creamed soup mix powder
(see footnote below)
2 Tbsp. chili powder
1 Tbsp. cumin
1 1/2 c. dry elbow macaroni
3 Tbsp. sour cream
1 1/2 c. shredded cheddar cheese
(this is approximate, I shred it directly over my skillet, no measuring)

Directions:
I make this in my electric skillet. You can do it in a large deep skillet on the stove also.
Add oil to skillet over low heat.
Shred about a half a cup of onion directly over skillet. That way you get the juice and all.
Saute onion til soft, careful not to burn them. My electric skillet is set at 250 degrees.
To sauteed onions add ground beef and 1/2 c. water.
Raise heat to brown the meat (300 degrees). The addition of the water helps to break the meat up into smaller bits.
As the meat is browning you'll need to add another half cup, or so, of water.
Once meat is no longer pink add remaining water and the creamed soup mix. Stir to combine.
Add chili powder and cumin.
Add the elbow macaroni and let everything come up to a boil for about a minute, stirring continuously.
Reduce heat to simmer.
Cover skillet and simmer til macaroni is tender. About 10 minutes.
Add in sour cream and shred cheese over top to your liking. I eyeball most everything when cooking. This should have a good thick amount of sauce to it. If yours isn't saucy enough just add a bit more water to it as it cooks.
I serve this with a veggie on the side.

Submitter: 
1gdcowgrl gone
Description: 
Not long after discovering that I could make my own creamed soup mixes and leave those cans in the dust, I came up with some pretty tasty hamburger skillet meals. This is one of 'em.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5-10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
