URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62328435/lemon-chicken-ravioli/
Title:
Lemon Chicken Ravioli Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/382996.jpg
Ingredients:
1 16 oz. jar roasted garlic Alfredo sauce
1 3.5 oz. jar capers
1 pk. (60 count) won ton wraps
1/2 cup  chopped black olives
1 cup    finely chopped spinach
1/2 cup  cottage cheese
1 1/2 cups shredded mozzarella
1-1/2 tbsp.  lemon zest
2 tbsp.  lemon juice
1/2 cup  finely shredded parmesan cheese
2 cups  cooked, shredded chicken breast meat
1/4 cup  Eggbeaters (or egg white)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
Mix together in large bowl: shredded chicken breast, 1/2 jar of capers, cottage cheese, black olives, spinach, mozzarella, and parmesan cheese.
In separate bowl mix together Alfredo Sauce, remainder of the jar of capers and lemon juice. Set aside.
Lay won ton wraps on flat surface and using your finger (or brush) moisten  outside edges of one won ton with egg white. Add 1 Tbsp. of chicken mixture to center and cover with second won ton wrap. Pinch down edges with fingers pressing to make certain the edges are sealed well and towards the filling to remove any air.  Place on foil-lined cookie sheet sprayed generously with cooking spray.
Lightly spray the tops of finished raviolis with cooking spray before baking.
Place cookie sheet on center rack and bake for 8 minutes (or until edges are slightly browned).
Place baked raviolis in large casserole dish (layering them if you like, or use a second casserole dish.) Pour Alfredo mixture over ravioli's.
Bake (covered) at 350 degrees for 45 minutes. Garnish with lemon zest.

Submitter: 
ChereenH
Description: 
This is a twist on a Lemon Chicken Lasagna recipe that my family loves.
The won tons make a quick and easy pasta (baking rather than boiling the ravioli ensures they stay together). YUMMY!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
