URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62328454/chicken-breasts-quebecois-with-goats-cheese-sauce/
Title:
Chicken Breasts Quebecois with Goat's Cheese Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
- 4 boneless, skinless Chicken breasts
- 6 slices of good smoked salmon, 2 of then chopped finely
- 80 ml (1/3 Cup) softened goat's cheese
- 40 ml (2 Tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons) chopped chives
- 15 ml (1 Tablespoon) chopped fennel leaves
- 60 ml (1/4 cup) olive oil
For the Goat's Cheese Sauce:
- 50 ml (3 Tablespoons plus 1 Teaspoon)
- 2 Tablespoons shallot, finely chopped
- 250 ml (1 Cup) dry white wine
- 250 ml (1 Cup) light chicken stock
- Salt and freshly milled black pepper
- A little heavy cream

Directions:
Pre-heat the oven to 150°C (300°F)
Butterfly the chicken breasts by cutting horizontally ALMOST all the way through the breast, then open the breast up like a book.
Lay on each opened breast, 1 slice of smoked salmon.
Make the stuffing by combining the softened goat's cheese, chives, fennel leaves, and chopped smoked salmon.
Spread the stuffing over the salmon slices on the chicken breasts, before folding the breasts close and securing with toothpicks.
Brush the outsides of the breasts with olive oil, heat a skillet to high heat, and then sear the breasts on each side (turn over carefully).
Finish cooking in the oven for about 12 minutes, before removing from the heat and allowing to cool.
When cold, remove the toothpicks then slice the breasts into an attractive fan of thin slices.
If you like, make a warm goat's cheese sauce to pour over when serving:
In a pan, add the shallot and pour over the wine. Heat to a boil, then reduce the liquid until nearly all has gone.
Add the goat's cheese and when melted add the stock and mix well.
Reduce until the desired consistency is obtained, season with salt and pepper to taste and then finish with a little heavy cream.

Submitter: 
Sonya Jane
Description: 
Sent to me by a Canadian friend, this versatile recipe is good as finger food, as a starter or even as a main. A surprisingly delightful combination of tastes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
8 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
