URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62326733/roasted-carrot-salad/
Title:
Roasted Carrot Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
- 1 (2 lb) bag of carrots peeled and cut in thin diagonal slices
- 2 cloves of fresh garlic, minced
- 3-4 tbs extra virgin olive oil
- salt & pepper (to taste)
- 1/2 cup slivered or shaved almonds
- 1/3 cup dried cranberries
- 4 oz crumbled or cubed Danish blue cheese
- 1 tbs apple cider vinegar
- 1 tsp of honey
- Several handfuls of fresh arugula (See cooks note)

Directions:
Peel carrots, and slice them into 1/8-1/4" thin diagonal slices (A mandolin slicer would work perfectly for this).   Place sliced carrots in a large bowl .  Mince 2 cloves of fresh garlic and add it to the carrots.   Add almonds.  Drizzle the carrot mixture liberally with extra virgin olive oil then toss until the carrots are evenly coated.  Salt and pepper to taste preference, and toss carrot mixture again to evenly disperse salt and pepper.  Spread carrots evenly onto an un-greased cookie sheet at bake at 400 degrees for 30 minutes or until  carrots are soft and edges are golden brown.  Remove carrots from the oven and allow them to cool.  While they are cooling cube or crumble the blue cheese and set aside.  When carrots are cool, return them to bowl, and drizzle with honey and vinegar.  Toss carrots carrots to evenly coat.  Then add cranberries, and blue cheese and toss again.  Toss with fresh arugula right before serving.

Submitter: 
Morgan
Description: 
Inspired by an incredibly popular salad sold in a local award winning market here in Woodstock, VT.  Since they don't give out the recipe, I had to figure it out on my own.  But I (and others) believe that my version is infinitely better, and I'm sure you will agree.  This light, fresh and healthy salad is perfect for summer days and presents well for BBQ's, potlucks, and dinner parties alike and it is guaranteed to impress and get rave reviews every time.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
