URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62329709/layered-lemon-pies/
Title:
Layered Lemon Pies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Pastry for two single-crust pies (9 inches)
1-1/2 cups sugar
6 Tablespoons cornstarch
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 cups cold water
3 egg yolks, beaten
1/3 cup lemon juice
1/4 cup butter, cubed
1 teaspoon grated lemon peel
1 teaspoon lemon extract
3 drops yellow food coloring, optional
Second Layer:
1 package (8 ounces) cream cheese, softened (I used reduced-fat)
1 cup powdered sugar
1-1/2 cups cold milk
2 packages (3.4 ounces each) instant lemon pudding mix (I used sugar free)
Topping:
1 package (8 ounces) cream cheese, softened (I used reduced-fat)
1 cup powdered sugar
1 carton (16 ounces) frozen whipped topping, thawed

Directions:
Line two 9-in. pie plates with pastry; trim and flute edges.  Line unpricked pastry with a double thickness of heavy-duty foil.  Bake at 450 for 8 minutes.  Remove foil; bake 5-7 minutes longer or until golden brown.  Cool on wire racks.  (I used the refrigerated pie dough and I let it relax over the pan for a few minutes before patting it in the pan and fluting the edges.  I then prick the crust all over and place a smaller aluminum pie pan inside the crust, bake for about 8 minutes, then remove the inside pan and bake until golden brown.)
In a large saucepan, combine the sugar, cornstarch and salt.  Stir in water until smooth.  Cook and stir over medium-high heat until thickened and bubbly.  Reduce heat; cook and stir 2 minutes longer.  Remove from the heat.  Stir a small amount of hot filling into egg yolks, return all to the pan, stirring constantly.  Bring to a gentle boil; cook and stir 2 minutes longer.  Remove from the heat.  Gently stir in the lemon juice (I used fresh lemon juice, squeezing it from two lemons from which I had grated the peel), butter, lemon peel, extract and food coloring, if desired.  Cool to room temperature without stirring.  Spread lemon mixture into crusts.  Refrigerate for 30 minutes or until firm.
In a large bowl, beat cream cheese and powdered sugar until smooth.  Gradually beat in milk.  Add pudding mix; beat 2 minutes longer.  Let stand for 2 minutes or until soft-set.  Gently spread into pies on top of first lemon layer.  Refrigerate for 30 minutes or until set.
For topping, in a large bowl, beat cream cheese and powdered sugar until smooth.  Fold in whipped topping.  Spread over tops of pies.  Refrigerate until set.

Submitter: 
CorkiDeCat
Description: 
Not Tried
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
