URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62328252/truly-coconutty-cream-pie/
Title:
Truly Coconutty Cream Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Crust:
1 cup flour
3/8 tsp salt
1/4 cup cold, unsalted butter, cut into cubes
2 Tbsp butter-flavor shortening
1-2 Tbsp coconut water
1-2 Tbsp coconut rum
Filling
18 oz cocounut milk
1 cup sugar, divided
1 cup coconut, flaked, sweetened, toasted
1 vanilla bean, split and scraped
1/3 cup cornstarch
6 oz whole milk
2 whole eggs
1 egg yolk
2 Tbsp butter
Topping:
2 cups heavy whipping cream
1/4 cup confectioners sugar
1 tsp lemon juice
1/2 tsp vanilla extract
Flaked, sweetened, toasted coconut

Directions:
For the crust: Combine first 4 ingredients in food processor and blend until you have pea sized pieces. Place mixture in bowl and slowly add coconut water alternating with coconut rum, 1 Tbsp at a time. Only add enough so that mixture forms a solid ball. Knead about 10 times.  Cover dough with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour.  Allow dough to come to room temperature before rolling out.
Preheat oven to 350 F and grease an 8 in pie pan. Roll out dough on a clean well floured surface until it fits the pie pan. Using a fork, prick holes in the pie crust. Weigh down the pie crust using dry beans or pie weights and bake for 15 minutes. Set aside.
For the filling: Combine coconut milk, 1/2 cup sugar, flaked coconut, vanilla bean seeds and pod in a medium saucepan. Cook over medium low heat, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Bring mixture to a boil, then remove from heat.
Whisk together remaining sugar, cornstarch and milk. Gradually whisk in eggs and egg yolks until fully blended.
Slowly add 1/3 cup of hot coconut milk mixture to egg mixture by pouring it down the side of the bowl.  Then add the whole egg mixture in with the remaining coconut milk mixture and cook, stirring constantly, over medium heat until it reaches a boil. Cook for an additional 2 minutes. Remove from heat.  Remove vanilla bean pod and whisk in butter until smooth. Pour into prepared pie crust.
Chill pie for 1 hour.  Meanwhile, place mixer bowl and whisk in freezer for 15 minutes.  In chilled bowl, combine heavy cream, lemon juice, and vanilla extract.  Begin whipping on high speed and slowly add in confectioners sugar.  Beat until stiff peak stage.  Pipe onto chilled pie and top with coconut flakes.

Submitter: 
Sobie
Description: 
I love coconut cream pie, but often times, I feel like the coconut flavor is lost in the vanilla pastry cream filling.  This coconut cream pie recipe enhances the coconut flavor and texture by utilizing it throughout the recipe.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
3 h  30 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
