URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62327464/aubergines-with-pesto-egg-plants-with-pesto/
Title:
Aubergines With Pesto (Egg Plants With Pesto) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
- 100 ml (just under 1/2 Cup) frying oil - I suggest ordinary Olive Oil, but not strictly necessary
- 2 large Aubergines (Egg plants), split lengthwise into 2; the Aubergines will be fried, so we don't want ones that are really thick.
- A pinch or two of salt and freshly milled black pepper
- 2 handfuls Fresh Basil leaves
- 2 large or 3 medium cloves of Garlic
- 2 Tablespoons Pine Nuts
- 2 Tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan
- 3 or 4 Tablespoons EVOO

Directions:
Pre-heat the broiler to medium/medium high.
In a medium-sized skillet, heat to hot a finger-width's depth of the oil, then reduce the heat to medium.
While heating the oil, cut slits in the "meat" of the Aubergines, being careful not to pierce the skin (This will allow the heat and oil to penetrate better). I do the slits in a sort of lattice pattern all over.
When the oil is hot, very lightly season the Aubergine flesh with salt and pepper then slide the Aubergine slices, face down (skin up) into the oil and fry until golden (around 10 minutes).
Turn the Aubergine slices over, and cook skin side down for a further 2, no more than 3, minutes. Remove from the oil and let drain slightly on Kitchen Paper.
While this is going on, in a blender, zap the basil leaves, Garlic, pine Nuts and Parmesan and 2 tablespoons of the EVOO. With the machine running, slowly add some more oil until the desired consistency is obtained - we do NOT want it too runny.
When all is done, place the Aubergine slices face up in a broiler pan, slather the gloop from the blender over the faces, then slide under the broiler at about 4 to 6 inches distance, until the gloop just starts to bubble (any longer will turn it all bitter!)

Submitter: 
Sonya Jane
Description: 
I had a super dish once at a famous and trendy London restaurant back in the 80's - this is my interpretation.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
