URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62327836/kellers-roast-chicken-recipe/
Title:
Keller's Roast Chicken Recipe Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
One 4 to 4 1/2 pound chicken
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
6 garlic cloves, smashed and peeled (smash with the side of a chef's knife, makes it easier to peel)
6 thyme sprigs
3 medium-sized rutabagas (also called "swedes"), ends cut and discarded, rutabagas peeled, and any outer tough layer discarded, then rutabagas cut into 3/4-inch wedges
2 medium-sized turnips, prepared the same way as the rutabagas
4 medium-sized carrots, peeled and cut in 2-inch segments
1 small yellow onion, peeled, roots cut off but core kept intact (see the photos for Frenching onions), other end cut off and discarded, the onion then cut into quarters
8 small red-skinned new potatoes
About 1/3 cup olive oil or grapeseed oil (Keller uses canola oil, we prefer olive or grapeseed oil)
4 Tbsp butter, room temperature (spreadable)
A large (11-inch if you have it) cast-iron frying pan
Kitchen string

Directions:
1 Preheat oven to 475째F.
2 Use a paring knife to cut away the wishbone from the neck/breast area of the chicken.
3 Generously season the cavity of the chicken with salt and pepper. Add three of the garlic cloves and 5 sprigs of the thyme to the cavity, using your hands to rub the thyme and garlic all around the cavity.
4 Truss the chicken with kitchen string.
5 Place the vegetables, onions, garlic, and remaining thyme sprig into a bowl. Add 1/4 cup of olive oil and toss with your hands until well coated. Season generously with salt and pepper.
6 Slather the chicken with oil and season well with salt and pepper.
7 Create a bed of the root vegetables in a large cast iron pan (or use a regular roasting pan if you don't have a cast iron pan.) My father likes to leave out the potatoes at this stage and arrange them around the chicken. Place the chicken on the bed of vegetables. Slather the top of the chicken breasts with butter. (Note that we added some extra sprigs of thyme to the top, probably because my dad forgot to add them to the vegetables! But it still worked.)
8 Place the pan in the oven and roast the chicken for 25 minutes at 475째F. Then reduce the heat to 400째F and roast for an additional 45 minutes, or until the thickest part of the thigh registers 160째F on a meat thermometer and the juices run clear.
9 Transfer the chicken to a cutting board, cover with aluminum foil and let rest for 20 minutes before carving to serve. You can keep the vegetables warm by keeping them in the now-turned-off oven while the chicken is resting. Stir to coat the vegetables with the cooking juices before serving
10 Cut the chicken into serving pieces. Place vegetables on a serving platter with the chicken pieces arranged on top.

Submitter: 
Gregg Hollander
Description: 
From SimplyRecipes.com:
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
