URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62322432/coconut-dofu-delight-with-black-pearl-tapioca/
Title:
Coconut Dofu Delight with Black Pearl Tapioca Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (5.5 oz) pkg. Coconut Dofu Delight (can be purchased from any Asian grocery store)
3 1/2 cups water
1 1/2 cups milk (use whole for best results)
7 cups cold water
1/2 pkg. (8.8 oz) Tapioca Starch Balls
1/2 cup brown sugar
1/2 cup white sugar
1 can sweetened condensed milk

Directions:
Prepare Coconut Dofu according to package directions. Poor liquid Dofu into       a 9 x 13 inch pan to cool completely before refridgerating til set (about 2 hours).
Meanwhile bring 7 cups of water to a boil in a large stock pot. Pour in starch balls. Simmer and cook for 25 minutes. Stir occasionally to prevent sticking. Turn off heat and let balls sit in water for 25 minutes. Turn on heat again and repeat simmering and stirring for another 25 minutes. Turn off heat and let sit in water for 25 minutes once again. Do not skip this process of simmering and sitting otherwise balls will have uncooked powdered centers. Drain water from balls and soak in a mixture of brown and white sugar in a large bowl. Cover with a damp cloth and let rest for 15 minutes.
Take Dofu out from refridgerator and cut with a knife into 4 x 2  inch rectangles. To serve, slide Dofu onto plate, scoop 2-3 tbps of Tapioca onto top, and drizzle with 1 tbsp of condensed milk over balls.

Submitter: 
Risa
Description: 
I first tried this dessert from a Chinese restuarant and couldn't believe how common ingredients from my own kitchen can replicate this fabulous dessert. Each component tastes great as a dessert all by itself but combined it creates a delightful combination of flavors and textures. For the tapioca, use the large sized black starch balls often used for Bubble Tea drinks.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
2 hrs
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
