URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62326732/slow-cooker-taco-meat-loaf/
Title:
Slow Cooker Taco Meat Loaf Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 eggs, lightly beaten
1 28-oz. can fire-roasted crushed tomatoes
3/4 cup crushed tortilla chips
1 medium onion, finely chopped
2 cloves garlic, minced
2 tsp. ground cumin
1 tsp. smoked paprika or chili powder
1 lb. ground beef
1 lb. ground pork
1 cup frozen whole kernel corn
1/2 cup Monterey Jack cheese with jalapeño peppers, shredded (2 oz.) (optional)
Corn tortillas, warmed (optional)
1 recipe Smoky Tomato Salsa (recipe below)
Sliced avocado, green onions, whole kernel corn, and cilantro (optional)
Lime wedges (optional)

Directions:
In large bowl combine eggs, 1/2 cup of the crushed tomatoes (reserve remaining tomatoes for Smoky Tomato Salsa), and crushed tortilla chips.
Stir in onion, garlic, cumin, paprika, 1/2 tsp. each salt and black pepper.
Add beef, pork, and corn; mix well.
Shape mixture into a round loaf or oblong loaf to fit the slow cooker.
Crisscross three 18-inch strips of foil, folded to double thickness (see Slow Easy below).
Place meat loaf in center of strips.
Bring up foil strips to lift and transfer meat and foil to a 3-1/2- or 4-quart slow cooker. (If needed, push meat away from side of slow cooker to avoid burning).
Covert, cook on low for 5 to 6 hours or on high for 2-1/2 to 3 hours, or until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of loaf reads 160 degrees F.
Using foil strips, carefully lift meat loaf from cooker and place on cutting board.
Pull foil from meat; discard.
Scrape off any drippings from meat and discard.
Sprinkle with cheese. Let stand 10 minutes. Serve with corn tortillas, Smoky Tomato salsa, avocado, green onion, cilantro, corn, and lime wedges.
Oven Variation: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place shaped loaf in shallow baking pan. Bake for 1-1/4 hours or until an instant-read thermometer inserted into center of loaf reads 160 degrees F. Sprinkle with cheese and serve as directed in main recipe.

Submitter: 
biz_kid1
Description: 
Original recipe from bhg.com (Better Homes & Gardens)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3-5 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
