URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62323004/homemade-corned-beef/
Title:
Homemade Corned Beef Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 quarts water, (reserve 1 quart)
1 cup kosher salt
1/2 cup dark brown sugar
2 cloves garlic, minced
10 cloves, whole
10 allspice berries, whole
1 1/2 true cinnamon sticks, broken up
1 tsp. mustard seeds
1 tsp. black peppercorns
1/4 teaspoon ginger, freshly ground/grated
2 bay leaves
2 tablespoons saltpeter*
1 beef brisket, trimmed

Directions:
Mix 2 quarts of water with the salt, brown sugar,  garlic, allspice, true cinnamon, mustard seeds, peppercorns, ginger, bay leaves, and salt peter in a large pot.
Bring to a boil, mixing often, until all of the salt, sugar, and saltpeter  are dissolved. Remove from heat and add the reserved quart of water. Let set until it is at room temperature (68-72 degrees F). Once at room temperature, refrigerate until cold, about 3 hours. This is your brine.
Trim the brisket of excess fat.  Place into either a sealable container capable of holding the brisket and brine, or a 2-gallon zip-top bag and place in the refrigerator. Let it cure for 10 days, rotating once per day. It is vital that it is submerged throughout the curing process.  The very outside will turn brown like cooked beef—this is normal as we are not using the chemical injections and sprays mass manufacturers use.
Cook as per your favorite recipe. You will have a corned beef that is brown on the surface, but just as red on the inside as the day you bought the brisket and loaded with flavor.

Submitter: 
James
Description: 
This is the best home-made corned beef you will ever have. I have been curing meats for years, and when I made this for my father, who grew up in NY and loves corned beef, he insisted that I make it for him monthly. It is easy to make, and the flavor is more than you expect.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10.5 d
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
