URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62323522/chocolate-raspberry-cake-with-dark-chocolate-ganache-vegan/
Title:
Chocolate Raspberry Cake with Dark Chocolate Ganache (vegan) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 1/2 cups all purpose flour
1 1/2 cups granulated sugar
1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, sifted
2 tsp baking powder
1/2 tsp baking soda
1/2 tsp salt
2 cups soymilk (vanilla or plain)
1/2 cup canola oil
1 tsp white vinegar
1 tsp vanilla extract
1/2 cup seedless raspberry jam
1/2 cup nondairy dark chocolate chunks
1/4 cup soymilk
1/2 tsp instant coffee granules

Directions:
To make the cake: preheat the oven to 350 (340 if using a dark, nonstick bundt pan) and oil and flour 1 bundt pan.  Combine the flour, sugar, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl.  Add the soymilk, oil, vinegar, and vanilla extract and stir until just combined.  Pour evenly into the prepared pan and bake for about 30 - 40  minutes (watch closely), or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean.  Cool on a wire rack for 15 minutes, then invert onto a serving platter, with a sheet of wax paper underneath the cake.
To make the raspberry glaze:  Melt the jam with 1 tbsp of water in the microwave, at 50% power for about 60 seconds.
To make the ganache: Melt the chocolate and soymilk in a double boiler, or in the microwave at low power.  Add the coffee granules.  Stir until smooth.  Let sit for about 8 minutes to slightly thicken.
To assemble:  Once the cake has completely cooled, make the glaze and the ganache.  Spoon and spread the glaze all over the top and sides of the cake.  Follow with the ganache.  Allow the cake to sit in a cool place until serving.  Before serving, remove the wax paper under the cake.

Submitter: 
toastyfrenchy
Description: 
A simple one bowl vegan chocolate cake, topped with a raspberry glaze and a dark chocolate ganache.  Perfect with ice cream and fresh raspberries.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
