URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62321377/fillets-of-sole-veronique/
Title:
Fillets of Sole Véronique Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
- 75 gms (3 ounces) Muscat-type grapes - try to get seedless to save some work.
- 2 good-sized sole fillets, 350 - 450 gms (12 - 16 ounces), skinned and filletted.
- Salt and freshly milled black pepper.
- A small amount of butter to grease the base of a medium skillet.
- 1 heaped teaspoon of chopped fresh tarragon.
- 175 ml (3/4 cup) vermouth or dry white wine.
- 10 gms (1/2 ounce) butter.
- 10 gms (1/2 ounce) plain flour.
- 150 ml (2/3 cup) whipping cream.

Directions:
Peel grapes well in advance - by putting them in a bowl and covering them with boiling water, wait 45 seconds, drain the water away. Remove the skins, cut them in half, and remove any seeds. Return the prepared grapes to the bowl, cover and refrigerate.
Warm the serving dish and have a sheet of foil handy to cover it later.
Wipe each sole fillet and divide each in half along natural lines. This will give you 8 fillets in all.
Season them with s and p, then roll each as tightly as possible, keeping the skin side on the inside and starting the roll with the narrow end. You can keep them rolled by using toothpicks, but remove these before finalising under the broiler.
Put a smear of butter on the base of a medium skillet, and arrange the sole rolls to cook evenly.
Sprinkle in the tarragon and then pour in the vermouth/wine.
Over a medium heat, bring to a simmer, then cover and leave to poach for 3 or 4 minutes.
Turn the broiler onto its highest setting.
In a small saucepan, melt 10 gms of butter, stir in the flour gradually to make a smooth paste and let it cook gently, stirring all the time, until a pale straw colour. (This is called a "Roux".)
When the fish is ready, transfer to the serving dish, cover with foil, and keep warm.
Boil the poaching liquid rapidly until reduced to about 1/3 of the original amount.
Stir in the cream and bring it all to a gentle simmer, then add this mixture gradually, stirring or whisking as you do, to the roux in the small saucepan. You should get a thin and creamy sauce. Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Finally, uncover the fish, pour the sauce over and pop it all under the broiler (4" distance) for 3 minutes or until glazed a golden brown.
Serve on individual plates, garnished with the chilled grapes.

Submitter: 
Sonya Jane
Description: 
An old delight that seems to have dropped from menus nowadays.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
