URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62325557/wildchefs-best-amish-shoo-fly-pie-ever/
Title:
WildChefs, Best Amish Shoo-Fly Pie Ever! Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/381251.jpg
Ingredients:
1-Frozen Deep Dish 9" Pie Crust (keep frozen), or your favorite homemade version (of course this would be unfrozen, but refrigerate before rolling out).
1 1/4 Cup Flour
1 1/2 Tbs. Butter Flavored Crisco + 1/2 Tbs. salted Butter
3/4 Cup Dark Brown Sugar (very firmly packed)
1 Cup Dark Grandma's Molasses (unsulphured original)
1 Egg (room temp) slightly beaten
3/4 Cup very Hot Water
1 tsp. Baking Soda (fresh, I always put the Baking Soda in a shot glass for easy access), dissolved in 1/4 Cup very Hot Water(this will be used in addition to the 3/4 Cup of very Hot Water)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees, with a pizza stone or good baking sheet in the oven, that will not bend during the heating process.
Prep-
Mix your flour, Dark brown sugar and Butter flavored Crisco + Salted Butter with a pastry cutter in large bowl, or 2 knives can be used, until crumbly, (the less mixing with this pie the better, you do want lumps)
Measure a Full 1/2 cup of the Crumb Mixture, and set aside.  This will be used as your crumb topping later.  Next, in a smaller separate bowl, add your Dark molasses, pour in your slightly beaten egg and mix together just until incorporated.  Now take your 1/4 Cup of very hot water and add your Baking Soda stir to dissolve (Have your 3/4 Cup of Hot water ready to pour your baking soda water into) once waters are combined pour into your Molasses egg mixture. With a small to medium wire whisk stir quickly, Keep stirring with a bit of vigor until you notice your thin batter beginning to lighten in color and begin to foam slightly. Add your liquid mixture to your large bowl of crumb mixture. Mix lightly, you want your batter lumpy. Pour into your prepared deep dish 9" pie crust with a fluted edge. As I said before batter will be thin and slightly lumpy. Finally sprinkle the remaining crumbs that have been set aside from the outer edge into center.  Place pie onto preheated cookie sheet in oven and bake at 400 degrees for 5 min. (This helps the crust to brown on the bottom) After 5 min. Reduce Heat to 350 Degrees and bake an additional 30 min. (rotating pie 1/2 turn at 15 min. to ensure a good even bake)As the luscious pie bakes it will form a gooey wet bottom between the crust and the very moist crumb cake.
Great served warm with a rich french vanilla ice cream on the side. Do not refrigerate, will not be around long enou

Submitter: 
WildChef
Description: 
Now what a name, ever wonder why it is called Shoo-Fly Pie? Because it is a very sweet cake with a dark wet molasses bottom baked in a pie shell.  The Amish women would put their pies on a window sill to cool and had to shoo the fly's away from this wonderful ooey gooey crumb topped pie.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15-20 min.
Ready in:
about 1 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
