URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62326520/cherry-pineapple-barbecue-sauce-stovetop-ribs/
Title:
Cherry Pineapple Barbecue Sauce Stovetop Ribs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Barbecue Sauce
2 T Olive Oil
1 Medium Onion Finely diced
2 Jalapenos, seeds removed and finely diced
2 Cloves Garlic Crushed
1 1/2 tsp Black Pepper
1 1/2 tsp White Pepper
1 1/2 tsp Paprika
1 1/2 tsp Cayenne Pepper
1 1/2 tsp Crushed Red Pepper
1 1/2 tsp Chili Powder
1 1/2 tsp Mustard Powder
1 tsp Oregano
1 tsp Basil
1 tsp Salt
2 lbs Cherries pitted
2 lbs Canned pineapple chunks, set juice aside (3-4 cans)
1/4 cup tomato paste
1 cup strong coffee
1/4 cup brandy (rum and whiskey work just as well)
1 1/2 cups vinegar
2 limes juiced
1/2 cup sugar
Ribs
8 lbs Ribs
1 onion diced
2 cloves garlic crushed
1 T salt
1 T pepper
2 cups vinegar
2 cups strongly brewed coffee
Pineapple juice set aside from canned pineapple

Directions:
Barbecue Sauce
Gather all spices together and set aside
Dice onions and jalapenos, crush the garlic, heat olive oil in pot large enough to contain all ingredients, add onions, jalapenos, garlic and spices and saute for 10 minutes
Add cherries and pineapple, coffee, vinegar, brandy, tomato paste, lime juice and sugar. Stir thoroughly, cover and let simmer until a lot of the liquid has reduced and the sauce is thick, about an hour.
Turn off the stove and let the sauce cool.  Once cooled, blend until smooth and set aside.  This sauce will keep for a week in the fridge if you want to make it ahead.
Ribs: Stovetop & Oven
Cut ribs into manageable size and place in pot
Add the diced onion, crushed garlic, salt, pepper, vinegar, pineapple juice and coffee.
If the ribs are not covered, fill with water to cover.
Bring to a boil and boil for 30 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 350.
Drain the ribs and place them in two baking dishes with tall edges, smothering both sides in barbecue sauce.
Bake for 1 hour, turning ribs once and adding more sauce if necessary or just redistributing sauce to ensure all ribs are covered.
Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Chinadoll_82
Description: 
I had never made ribs until a year ago, even though they are my boyfriends favorite food.  After looking at a couple store bought options for barbecue sauce I decided to make my own.  My goal was to use no pre-made ingredients.  My boyfriend and others have loved every revision as I've worked on perfecting the recipe. Below is what I believe is the perfected version.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2.5 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
