URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62329774/egg-plant-castles-aubergine-castles/
Title:
Egg Plant Castles (Aubergine Castles) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
- 1 medium Aubergine (Egg Plant)
- 2 medium Courgette (Zucchini), sliced
- 4 Ripe tomatoes, deseeded (or 12 cherry-vine tomatoes halved - we want the red colour, so can also be subbed with roasted red bell pepper for instance)
- 250 gms (9 ounces) young spinach leaves (or rocket or swiss chard - it's the green we want)
- 1 garlic clove, finely sliced
- 100 ml (0.4 Cups) olive oil
- 4 Tablespoons Balsamic vinegar
- 4 basil leaves, finely sliced
- 2 sprigs Thyme
- Salt and freshly milled black pepper
- Maybe a little sugar, depending on the acidity of the tomatoes
-----
You will also need 4 ring molds (tian rings) or make your own rings out of heat-resistant plastic, or whatever. I have two sizes - 3 inch (7.5 cm) diameter and 2 1/4 (5.75 cm) inch high, or 1 3/4 inch (4.5 cm) diameter and the same high. The Aubergines you buy must be larger at the waist than the diameter of the rings you use. These are sometimes called "Tian rings".

Directions:
Pre-heat oven to 180°C (356°F)
Slice Aubergine to get 4 finger-width slices, with each slice being (just) larger than the diameter of the ring mould.
In a hot skillet, heat half the oil, colour the Aubergine rounds on each side.
Transfer to an oven tray and bake for 5 mins.
Remove from the oven, deglaze with balsamic vinegar.
Season with s & p and transfer to a pile of kitchen paper (min. 3 sheets thick) to drain.
In skillet, add more oil if necessary, fry both sides of the courgette slices without colouring. Season with s & p, transfer to kitchen paper to drain.
In a little oil (not too hot), sauté the spinach for just until it wilts.
Season this and place it on paper towels.
Get some oil a little hotter and sauté the tomatoes with the thyme and the garlic.
Now cook over a low heat until almost all the liquid has evaporated.
Remove the skillet from the heat, season with a little s & p, add some sugar if reqd., then finish by adding in the basil.
---
Now assemble the dish, all 4 rings done the same way.
Start by sealing the base of the mould with clingfilm (leave a good "hangover" to make it easier to remove later)
Use the Aubergine slice as the base. It should have shrunk slightly in cooking, but if still too wide to fit snugly, then cut out a little dart to fit. Push it down to the base of the ring, sitting on the clingfilm and forming a tight fit round the edges.
Next a green layer, so create one with the spinach.
Next a red layer - the tomatoes.
Top off by arranging the courgette slices neatly, maybe slightly overlapping each other. This will be the upper surface so make it look pretty!
Holding each ring up without tipping, puncture the clingfilm 5 times, to let any fluids drain easily while on the tray.
Transfer rings to tray and refrigerate.

Submitter: 
Sonya Jane
Description: 
A beautiful and simple way to serve 4 veggies all at once! Can be served cold, or warmed up by steaming (when you're ready) for 6 to 8 minutes. This can be done a day in advance!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
