URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62336455/maple-bacon-cheesecake/
Title:
Maple Bacon Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/388373.jpg
Ingredients:
Crust:
2 cups Graham Cracker Crumbs
pinch of salt
2 Tbs. Butter, melted
3 Tbs. Maple syrup
2 tsps. Vanilla Extract
1/2 cup real bacon bits
1/2 cup pecan chips
Filling:
24 oz. Cream Cheese, room temperature
1/2 cup maple syrup
1/4 cup sugar
3 Large Eggs
3/4 cup Heavy Cream
1 Tbs. Vanilla Extract
1 tsp. Almond Extract
1 tsp. Lemon Extract
Topping:
1 package of Maple bacon
1/2 cup maple syrup

Directions:
Crust: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
In a medium sized bowl, mix together the crust ingredients and press into the bottom of a 9 inch springform pan. It will be a pretty dry mixture. (Use more maple syrup or butter if desired.) Use enough of the crust ingredients to make the crust 1/4 inch deep. Save the extra crumbs for putting on the sides and edges of the cheesecake.
Bake crust in 325 degree oven for 10 minutes. Let cool slightly before putting in the filling.
Filling: Combine cream cheese and sugar in a large bowl and cream together with a hand mixer until smooth.
Add eggs, one at a time, fully incorporating each before adding the next. Scrape down the bowl in between each egg.
Add heavy cream and extracts and blend until smooth and creamy. If desired, add more maple or sugar.
Push filling through a sieve to ensure a smooth creamy texture.
Pour filling over the crust and bake in a water bath for one hour at 325 degrees. After an hour, turn the oven off and slightly open the oven door. Let cool to room temperature this way.
Take the pan out of the oven and let it further cool to room temperature. Then cover and put in the fridge for at least 4 hours but preferably 24-48 hours.
Topping: Cover two 13x9 pans with foil. Lay bacon in a single layer in both pans. Brush with maple syrup.
Bake in 350 degree oven for 10 minutes.
Take bacon out, put wire rack over pans and strain grease.
Flip over bacon and coat the other side with the remaining syrup. Bake 10 more minutes.
Place on wire rack to cool. (Can sprinkle with salt or pepper if desired.)
Once bacon is cooled enough to handle, cut into small strips. Place over the finished cheesecake before serving.

Submitter: 
nicolekrystyn
Description: 
The winner of the Shakespeare Theatre Company's 2010 Annual Cheesecake Bake-Off. Homemade maple-bacon-pecan crust and candied bacon topping.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
