URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62338362/stuffed-mussels-in-spicy-tomato-sauce/
Title:
Stuffed Mussels In Spicy Tomato Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/391467.jpg
Ingredients:
Ingredients for 2 dozen large-sized mussels
(about 15 oz.)
Stuffing:
10 oz. ground beef
3 oz. stale crusty bread
1 1/2 cups broth
1 Tbs minced flat-leaf parsley
1 clove of garlic (minced)
20 turns of pepper mill
3-4 Tbs grated Parmesan cheese
1 egg
1 tsp salt
Tomato sauce:
25 oz. crushed peeled tomatoes
2 cloves garlic (minced)
1 Tbs minced flat-leaf parsley
1 small chili pepper (minced)
6 Tbs extra-virgin olive oil
liquid released from mussels
1 tsp salt
Garnish:
1 Tbs minced flat-leaf parsley

Directions:
Beard and clean mussels. Open mussels over bowl to collect liquid. Set aside. Cut stale bread up into cubes, place in bowl and moisten with broth. Let stand till bread has softened. Squeeze bread well of all liquid. Mix all the stuffing ingredients well in a bowl. Stuff mussels placing a heaping tablespoon of the stuffing on an open shell, press the two shells shut and wipe off the stuffing that squishes out. Make the tomato sauce. Sauté garlic, chili pepper and parsley in the oil over medium heat (do not let garlic brown). Add the crushed peeled tomatoes, stir and then add the mussel juice you've kept aside. Let sauce simmer for about 15 minutes. Gently place mussels into pan, cover and let mussels stew for about half an hour or until stuffing has cooked through. Serve and garnish with a sprinkling of parsley.

Submitter: 
alfrescoacsi
Description: 
You can see the video for this recipe on Youtube by typing, 'stuffed mussels Livorno style' in the search box.
Stuffed mussels is a favorite throughout Italy. In Tuscany alone there are at least four traditional dishes to my knowledge. This is how they cook 'em up in Livorno, with a tasty ground beef stuffing and stewed in a spicy tomato sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
