URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62334833/pastitsio/
Title:
Pastitsio Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Coarse salt and ground pepper
1 pound penne, cooked and drained
2 pounds ground lamb or ground beef
2 medium onions, diced
1/2 cup red wine
1 can (6 ounces) tomato paste
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
6 tablespoons butter
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
3 cups milk
1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper (optional)
1/4 cup Parmesan cheese

Directions:
1.	Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Cook pasta, and drain; reserve. Meanwhile, in a large saucepan, over medium heat, cook lamb or ground beef, breaking apart pieces with a wooden spoon, until no longer pink, 6 to 8 minutes. Add onions; cook, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes.
2.	Transfer to a colander; drain fat, and discard. Return lamb or ground beef to pan; add wine. Cook over medium heat until almost all liquid has evaporated, about 5 minutes. Stir in tomato paste, cinnamon, and 2 cups water; simmer, stirring occasionally, until thickened, 15 to 20 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.
3.	Make Parmesan Cheese Sauce while mixture is simmering: In a medium saucepan, melt butter over medium heat; whisk in flour until incorporated, about 30 seconds.  Whisk in milk until there are no lumps. Cook, whisking often, until mixture is thick and bubbly and coats the back of a wooden spoon, 6 to 8 minutes. Stir in cayenne, if desired, and Parmesan.
4.	Add pasta to lamb or ground beef mixture; transfer to a 9-by-13-inch baking dish. Pour sauce over the top, smoothing with the back of a spoon until level. Bake until browned in spots, 35 to 40 minutes.
5.	Remove from oven; let cool 15 minutes before serving

Submitter: 
Patti
Description: 
Pastitsio is a Greek casserole of macaroni and seasoned ground lamb, topped with a thick cream sauce. This is my version
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
50 min.
Ready in:
1hr. 30 min.
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
