URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62334719/swiss-cheese-fondue-half-half/
Title:
Swiss Cheese Fondue "Half-half" Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
- Bread; 600 gms (21 ounces), a good crusty loaf, chopped into cubes of around 2 cm (3/4 inch), best if each piece has a crust (you can make breadcrumbs with the leftovers!)
- Gruyère cheese; 300 gms (10 1/2 ounces), grated
- Vacherin cheese; 300 gms (10 1/2 ounces), grated
*** Note *** you could use all Gruyère, or any good-melting cheese. If you can get the Vacherin, then add about 50gms just before serving to give the creaminess, but this is not obligatory. We want 600 gms in all.
- Dry/medium dry White wine (Chasselas here in Switz is best); 300 ml (1 1/4 Cups)
- Cornstarch; 1 Tablespoon, we use Maizena
- Garlic; 1 clove, peeled (usage is varied according to YOU, see below)
- Cherry schnapps (Kirsch); 1 small glass (cherry brandy)
- Freshly ground black pepper
- Paprika; a bit
- Nutmeg; a few scrapings

Directions:
To serve this, it is usually done in a heavy-based, cast iron heavy pot, like Le Creuset; but the metal forks, with the long handles required to eat it, scratch the surface quite badly.
First, decide on how garlicky you want it. There are four ways to deal with this. #1, wipe the garlic round the inside of the pot, #2, crush the garlic into the pot, #3 finely slice the garlic and drop the slices into the pot, #4 drop the entire clove into the pot and either leave it or fish it out just before serving.
Add the fairly coarsely grated cheese to the pot, and also the wine.
Heat the pot fairly strongly until the cheese starts to melt, then turn the heat down and do the rest gently, stirring as necessary at first but then fairly constantly from the next step.
Add the cornstarch a knife tip's worth at a time, stirring all the while. But do not stir vigorously, we want to keep the cheese in the pan!
Add the cherry brandy, gently, stirring it in evenly.
Then season to taste with the pepper, paprika and nutmeg.
When the entire contents are gently simmering, dinner is ready.
Have a food warmer ready on the table to keep the cheese just simmering as it's eaten.
In a basket, have the bread cubes on the table. Each diner takes a handful onto their plates, and then spears one or 2 cubes with long handled forks.
Dip the forked bread into the fondue, keeping the cheese moving as each person takes their portion.
Anyone who drops their bread cube into the pan of cheese has to pay a forfeit!

Submitter: 
Swiss Phil
Description: 
A genuine traditional Swiss recipe, very filling, but a fun party meal.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
30 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
