URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62331275/easy-chicken-cutlets-with-apples/
Title:
easy chicken cutlets with apples Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts
3 tablespoons flour
2 tablespoons cornstarch
1 teaspoon salt plus more for seasoning
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
pinch of white sugar
3 tablespoons butter, divided
1 granny smith apple
1/4 cup dry sweet sherry (not cooking sherry, but a good quality sherry you'd drink)
1 cup chicken broth
1/3 cup light or golden brown sugar
splash of good marsala wine

Directions:
about half an hour before cooking, salt the chicken breasts on both sides; place on a rack, cover, and refrigerate.
after retrieving from refrigerator, cut the breasts in half lengthwise; i usually cut on a diagonal to ensure that all four end pieces are roughly the same size and shape.  place pieces on cutting board, cover with plastic wrap, and pound with meat mallet until you have paillards about 1/4 inch thick.
on a plate, combine first five dry ingredients thoroughly.  melt 2 tablespoons of butter over medium heat in a large skillet or pan (large enough that all four cutlets can fit into it without being crowded).  dredge chicken pieces in seasoned flour; shake off excess.  when butter stops foaming, add paillards to pan.  allow chicken to brown without moving pieces, about two to three minutes per side.
remove from pan; put on oven-proof plate and keep warm in a 200-degree oven while you make the sauce.
deglaze pan with sherry; when it reduces by half, add chicken broth.  peel and core granny smith apple; cut into wedges about half an inch thick. add to pan and stir occasionally while you let the liquid reduce, again by half.  add brown sugar and blend thoroughly; add remaining tablespoon of butter and splash of marsala, and stir in.  return chicken to pan with any juices accumulated on plate; reduce heat to medium low and simmer for about four minutes, turning cutlets once.  serves two cutlets per person, with sauce and apple slices spooned over.  good with rice or pasta.

Submitter: 
DEUXMAC
Description: 
quick, easy, and kids love it.  :)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
