URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62338159/southern-brunswick-stew/
Title:
Southern Brunswick Stew Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 whole chicken 3-5lbs; cooked, skinned and deboned
1 3lb beef roast; cooked and pulled apart
1 3lb pork roast; cooked and pulled apart
1 32oz can of beef broth
1 32oz can of chicken broth
2 cups of water *see directions
5 lb bag of white potatoes, peeled, cooked and mashed
1 lb bag frozen butter beans or lima beans, cooked and mashed
2 large onions; peeled and choppped
1 large can of creamed corn
2 largest cans diced or crushed tomatoes
2 tsp Cayenne pepper
2 tblsp sugar
1 tblsp paprika
3 tblsp Worcestershire sauce
2 tsp season salt
1 tblsp black pepper
1 tblsp salt
1/2 tsp onion powder

Directions:
In a roaster oven or a large crock pot cook all meat along with both cans of broth. Cook til it falls off the bone. Preferably, 3 hours. Meat should be in shreds not chunks. I use my hands to shred the meat when it has cooled. Save the broth you'll need it. Discard fat, skin and bones.
Peel potatoes and chop up into a large pot. Cover with plenty of water and cook potatoes til tender. Drain water off and mash and set aside. Cook butter beans in same pot, pour enough water to cover the beans and cook til tender and drain water off and mash. I used my electric mixer. Put chopped onions in a pot of water and cook til tender, drain.
Add meats, mashed potatoes, beans and 3 cups the broth. Cook on medium stirring often.
Add tomatoes, juice included, corn, seasonings and onions. Cook on medium-low no need to boil. If it seems too thick you can add a cup of water or another cup of the broth as needed for right consistency. Just let it simmer for 30 more minutes.

Submitter: 
Cheryl's Cooking Now!
Description: 
My mother made this every year, froze it so we could eat during the winter months. We ate it with cole slaw and hush puppies. It's worth the time and effort put into it.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
