URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62335675/kalua-pig-in-a-slow-cooker/
Title:
Kalua Pig in a Slow Cooker Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (6 pound) pork butt roast
1 1/2 tablespoons Hawaiian sea salt
1 tablespoon liquid smoke flavoring
some suggestions from the reviews:
-Cook with a banana. just slice open a banana & leave in peel and lay on top while it cooks.
-cook with banana leaves. rinse well before using and cut out the leaves spine. soften by dipping in boiling water & cut into proportion and wrap around meat
-Make dip slits and insert garlic
-onion (sliced at bottom) to prevent sticking
-substitute apple cider instead of water, I guess you do this part with the liquid smoke. 1-2 cups of cider
-another way to give a sweet taste is after you have cooked the pork on low for 20hrs and skimmed the fat from the juice is add a 1/4 cup of brown sugar and then add the shredded pork back in and cook on low.
-add shredded cabbage to juices after pork is cooked. And cook cabbage on high until cabbage is cooked and then add pork back in.
-Another alternative for cabbage is put as much cabbage in that will fit and cook with the pork for the last 2 hrs.

Directions:
Pierce pork all over with a carving fork. Rub salt then liquid smoke (and optional liquid) over meat.  Place roast in a slow cooker. Fat side up
Cover, and cook on Low for 16 to 20 hours, turning once during cooking time.
Remove meat from slow cooker, and shred, adding drippings as needed to moisten.
Suggestions I learned from reading the reviews and all is optional:
-once the pork is cooked (or at half way point and do not shred meat yet), take the pork out and shred (shred only if it's done). Then drain the juice and freeze the juice for 30 min to defat and then pour over the shredded pork and cook on low.
-some conversions that someone figured out...
1 tablespoon of salt = 4 pounds of meat
and 1.5 cup of liquid = 4-5 pounds of meat.
-sauce suggestions: BBQ sauce (baby rays), Korean BBQ sauce, Hawaiian soy sauce
- after shredding meat and remove fat from juice add 1 tsp of liquid smoke and let the pig soak in it's juices for 1 hr.
cooking alternative times:
4-5 lbs of meat cooked in 10-12 hrs
high 5-6 hrs, shred, cook low 1-2 hrs

Submitter: 
katie
Description: 
Slow-cooker pork butt roast with delicious smoky taste.Modified from: Kalua Pig in a Slow Cooker
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
20 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
