URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62332847/alexs-easy-creamy-chicken-enchiladas/
Title:
Alex's Easy, Creamy Chicken Enchiladas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 boneless skinless chicken breasts
2 cups chicken broth
water
1 8oz container cream cheese
3/4 cup sour cream
1/2 cup salsa
1 tbsp lime juice
2 tsp cumin
2 tsp coriander
2 tsp garlic powder
2 tsp onion powder
1/2 tsp red pepper flakes
8 10-inch tortillas or 10 6-inch tortillas
1 cup salsa
1 cup sour cream
1 1/2 cups shredded cheese with jalapeno

Directions:
Place the chicken breasts in a pan or pot big enough to lay them side by side without touching too much. Add the chicken broth to the pot, and, if necessary, add enough water so that the chicken is completely covered by liquid by an inch or two. Put the pot on medium-high heat and let it come to a boil. Turn down to low and cover; let simmer 10 minutes or until cooked through. Cut the chicken into bite sized pieces, or shred.
Melt the cream cheese in a saucepan over medium-low heat. When nearly all melted, add the sour cream and stir until smooth. Add the salsa, lime juice and seasonings. Add the chopped chicken, stir until all combined and heated through.
Spoon 2-3 tablespoons of the chicken mixture into a tortilla (the amount of filling per tortilla will depend on the size of the tortilla, and how much filling you'd like). Roll up and place in a 13x9 pan, seam side down. Repeat with remaining tortillas until you've used all your chicken mixture.
Combine the sour cream and salsa in a bowl, then pour and spread over all the rolled up tortillas in the pan. Top with handfuls of shredded cheese. Bake at 350 for 20 minutes. Broil for 5 minutes if you'd like the cheese browned.

Submitter: 
Alex
Description: 
A combination of a few different enchilada recipes I've tried, plus a bit of my own flair. My super-picky brother and slow-to-compliment father both said these were awesome!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
