URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62334264/cinnamon-roll-cheesecake/
Title:
Cinnamon Roll Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Cinnamon Roll Batter
2 cups flour
2 tsp baking powder
1 tsp cinnamon
pinch salt
1/2 cup sugar
1/4 butter, room temperature
1 egg
1/2 cup half and half
1 tbsp vanilla
Cheesecake Batter
2 8 oz packages of cheesecake, room temperature
3/4 cup sugar
1 Tbsp vanilla
2 Tbsp flour
3 eggs
Cinnamon Filling
1/3 cup butter, melted
1 cup brown sugar
2 Tbsp cinnamon
Cream Cheese Frosting
4 oz cream cheese, room temperature
6 Tbsp butter, room temperature
1 tsp vanilla
2 cups icing sugar (plus more if needed)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350. Grease a 9 inch springform pan.
Cinnamon Roll Batter: Sift together flour, baking powder, cinnamon and salt. In a seperate bowl, cream together butter and sugar until fluffy. Add egg, half and half and vanilla. Mix thoroughly, scraping down bowl. Combine the sifted and creamed ingredients. Mix on low until well combined. Spread half the batter in a greased springform pan. You can spray your hands with cooking spray to make it easier to pat down.
Cheesecake filling: in a clean bowl, beat cream cheese and sugar until smooth. Add eggs, one at a time, scraping bowl after each addition. Add the vanilla and flour and beat for another minute. Pour all of the cheescake batter on top of the cinnamon roll batter in the pan.
Cinammon Filling: In a small bowl, combine the melted butter, brown sugar and cinnamon. Mix thoroughly.
Drop spoonfuls of the cinnamon filling over the top of the cheesecake. Take the rest of the cinnamon roll batter and drop in spoonfuls over top of cheesecake. Once finished, take a knife and swirl ingredients together. (This will be hard to do as batter is really thick but just do what you can)
Bake for 55 - 60 minutes, cake will be puffy and lightly browned. Let cool at room temperature for an hour or so then cover and refridgerate until cold.
Make Cream Cheese Frosting. Beat the cream cheese and butter together until smooth. Add vanilla and icing sugar. Beat to desired consistently. Add more icing sugar if necessary. (If too thick - add a Tbsp of milk until desired consistency is reached)
Ice cooled cake with icing.

Submitter: 
jowolf2
Description: 
Adapted from a recipe I found on culinary creations by peabody. A delicious cross between a coffee cake and a cheesecake. The texture is really interesting.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
90 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
