URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62339085/avocado-apple-crayfish-and-tomato/
Title:
Avocado, Apple, Crayfish and Tomato Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/390130.jpg
Ingredients:
- White wine vinegar; 2 Tablespoons
- Tomato purée (paste); 1 teaspoon
- Extra-virgin Olive oil; 6 Tablespoons
- Salt
- Freshly ground black pepper
- Sugar; 2 pinches (optional)
- Tomatoes; 2 medium to small, or 1 large, at around 150gms (5 1/2 ounces) total, peeled, de-seeded, and finely diced
- Onion; 1 medium, peeled and finely diced
- Lemon juice (or lime); 1 Tablespoon, or as required
- Avocados; 2 medium, de-stoned, flesh evenly and thinly sliced
- Apples; 2 small, or 1 large, peeled, de-cored, and evenly and thinly sliced (note, the peel can be left on for an extra colour note)
- Crayfish; 110 gms (4 ounces); pre-cooked (or boil fresh yourself in boiling salted water until pink)
- Dill and/or chives for decoration, maybe lemon/lime wedges/slices as well

Directions:
First sprinkle the apple and avocado slices with lemon (or lime if you prefer) juice, to prevent browning.
Then make a vinaigrette, by combining well the vinegar, tomato purée, olive oil, salt, pepper and sugar. Adjust the seasonings to taste.
Add the chopped tomato and onion, and mix thoroughly.
On each plate, place a "sun"-pattern of Avocado slices, thinner ends pointing outwards.
On top of these, overlapping the gaps, place another "sun"-pattern of apple slices.
Divide the crayfish equally over the 4 plates, by piling them in the middle of the pattern.
Spoon the vinaigrette evenly over the crayfish piles.
Finish by giving dill branches a "hair-cut" over the plates, and/or strewing chopped chives about. I like laying 2 long unchopped chives diagonally across the plate. Dot some lemon or lime slices or wedges about, if you like.

Submitter: 
Swiss Phil
Description: 
A simple, healthy, fresh and light starter. Delicious to eat, and not too fiddly to make.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
