URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62341966/tender-spainch-and-crisp-shallots/
Title:
Tender Spainch and Crisp Shallots Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup or more neutral oil, like grape-seed, canola or corn
6 to 8 large shallots (about 6 ounces), peeled and thinly sliced
Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 pound spinach, washed and trimmed
2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice

Directions:
Place oil to depth of at least an inch in a small to medium saucepan or narrow, deep skillet. Turn heat to high, and wait a few minutes, until the oil reaches 350 degrees. (If you do not have a frying thermometer, put a couple slices of shallot in the oil; when the oil bubbles vigorously around them, it's ready.)
Add shallots, and cook, adjusting heat so that the bubbling is vigorous but not explosive. Cook, stirring, until shallots begin to darken, 8 to 12 minutes. As soon as they turn golden brown, remove them with a slotted spoon; be careful, because overcooking will burn them. Drain the shallots on paper towels, and sprinkle with salt and pepper; they will keep for a couple hours this way. Reserve oil.
Meanwhile, bring a large pot of water to a boil. Salt the water, and add spinach. Cook it until spinach wilts, about 1 minute. Remove spinach with a strainer or slotted spoon, and plunge it into a large bowl that has been filled with ice water to stop the cooking. When spinach is cool, drain and chop it. (You can store the spinach, covered and refrigerated, for as long as two days, if you like.)Place 1 tablespoon of the shallot oil in a skillet, and turn heat to medium-high. Add spinach, and cook, stirring frequently and breaking up any clumps, until it is hot, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, and add lemon juice. Serve topped with crisp shallots.

Submitter: 
madrileña
Description: 
From Mark Bittman
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
