URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62345481/pretzel-dogs/
Title:
Pretzel Dogs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/491448.jpg
Ingredients:
1- 12 0z can of warm beer.
1 tablespoon sugar
2 teaspoons kosher salt
1 package active dry yeast
4 1/2 cups bread flour
4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted
10 cups boiling water
2/3 cup baking soda
1 large egg yolk beaten with 1 tablespoon water
4 tablespoons Kosher salt for sprinkling on top
18 uncooked hot dogs

Directions:
Combine the beer, sugar and kosher salt in a bowl and sprinkle the yeast on top. Allow to sit for 5 minutes or until the mixture begins to foam.
Add the flour and butter to your bread machine. Add yeast mixture once it has proofed. Select dough cycle.
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees.  Line 2 cookie sheet pans with parchment paper or brush with foil with vegetable oil.
Bring the 10 cups of water and the baking soda to a  boil.
Turn the dough out onto a slightly oiled work surface (yes, NO flour!) Press dough out into a rectangle approximately 20 x 10.  Cut into 18 strips 1 inch wide.  Roll dough around hot dogs tightly and seal dough so it stays together.  Leave ends open. Place on to the parchment-lined pan.
Place the pretzel dogs into the boiling water, 2 or 3 at a time, for 30 seconds. Remove them from the water and place on the cookie sheet.
Brush the top of each pretzel dog with the egg yolk and water mixture then sprinkle with the kosher salt.
You can cut any unused strips into 1 inch squares, boil 30 seconds, brush with egg wash and bake with or without salt until golden brown.
Bake until dark golden brown in color, about 15 minutes.
Try using the clone of a pretzel dip from this site to dip the pretzels in.

Submitter: 
What's for dinner, mom?
Description: 
Hot dogs wrapped in a pretzel are a perfect snack.  Perfect for Super Bowl parties or the weekend tailgate!  A little something different using your favorite can of beer instead of water!  DELICIOUS!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
NA
