URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62342440/fast-easy-agave-nectar-fruit-tart/
Title:
Fast & Easy Agave Nectar Fruit Tart Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/392224.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups unbleached all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup real butter
1/2 cup cold water
3 tablespoons agave nectar (or sugar)
2 tablespoons cornstarch
4 sliced fresh peaches
1/2 cup fresh blueberries
1 cup sliced fresh strawberries

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. In a medium bowl, stir together the flour and salt. Cut in butter by rubbing between your fingers until the mixture resembles oatmeal. Gradually stir in water until dough is just wet enough to hold together. Knead briefly, just so the dough holds together without crumbling. Place in the refrigerator while preparing the fruit (if you prepare the crust in advance, you will need to allow time to thaw from refrigeration before rolling). In a medium bowl, stir together the agave nectar and cornstarch. Add the fruit, and toss gently to coat. Set aside.
Roll out the crust dough into a rough circle about the size of a dinner plate, and place on a flat baking sheet. Pile the fruit into a level mound in the center of the dough, leaving 1 to 2 inches of exposed dough around the edge. Throw out any juices that may have accumulated in the fruit bowl. Fold the dough up over the fruit - the edges should cover some of the fruit and berries, but not reach the center of the tart. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes in the preheated oven, until the fruit is bubbly and the crust is golden brown. Let cool completely before cutting into wedges and serving.

Submitter: 
Alex
Description: 
This is a healthy alternative recipe that is truly wonderful for people who have trouble making the perfect crust. It surprised me at how simple, yet good it is. I used peaches, strawberries, and blueberries because that's what I had on hand, but you can use pretty much any seasonal fruit that you love. If you're looking for a quick, yummy dessert, this is a great one.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25
Ready in:
65
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
