URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62340117/sally-schneiders-grilled-miso-glazed-fish-filets-and-steaks/
Title:
Sally Schneider's Grilled Miso-Glazed Fish Filets and Steaks Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Miso Glaze
1 cup sweet white miso paste
3 tablespoons dark brown sugar
1/4 cup mirin (Japanese rice wine)
1/4 cup sake
Four 6-ounce fish steaks or fillets (such as salmon, sea bass, yellow tail, Chilean sea bass, black cod or blue fish)
1 teaspoon olive oil

Directions:
To make the glaze, combine all the ingredients in a medium saucepan and bring to a simmer over moderate heat. Reduce heat to low and cook 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. Set aside to cool.
Spread one-third of the glaze over the bottom of a glass baking dish just large enough to hold the fish in a single layer. Arrange the fish in the dish and spread the remaining glaze on top to coat them completely. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 12, but no longer than 24 hours.
To cook the fish, prepare a fire in a grill or preheat the broiler. Scrape the glaze off the fish and discard. Pat the fish dry with paper towels and brush lightly with olive oil.  Grill or broil 3 inches from the heat source 3 or 4 minutes. Turn and cook 2 to 3 minutes longer, or until you feel no resistance when you insert a kitchen fork into the dish. Serve immediately.
You can prepare the glaze up to 2 months ahead and refrigerate it.

Submitter: 
Gregg Hollander
Description: 
Reprinted from A New Way to Cook by Sally Schneider. © 2003, Artisan.

This miso-based marinade produces spectacular results with fatty or oily fish such as salmon, sea bass, yellow tail, black cod, blue fish, and pompano. It cures the flesh slightly and permeates it with a delicate flavor. Grilling caramelizes and glazes the surface, leaving the flesh succulent. Plan to marinate the fish at least 12 hours before cooking. If you don't have sake, use a total of 1/2 cup mirin.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
12 hrs
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
