URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62342913/layered-chicken-and-black-bean-enchilada-casserole/
Title:
Layered Chicken and Black Bean Enchilada Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups diced chicken breast meat
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin
1/2 teaspoon ground coriander
2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro
1 (15 ounce) can black beans, rinsed and drained
1 cup corn, drained and rinsed
1 (4.5 ounce) can diced green chile peppers, drained
1 (10 ounce) can red enchilada sauce
8 (6 inch) corn tortillas
2 cups shredded Mexican blend cheese
1 (8 ounce) container sour cream

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Heat a large skillet over medium heat, and spray with vegetable cooking spray. Saute chicken with cumin and coriander until chicken is cooked through. Transfer to a medium bowl. Stir in the cilantro, black beans, and green chile peppers.
Spread half of the enchilada sauce over the bottom of an 11x7 inch baking dish. Place 4 tortillas over the sauce, overlapping if necessary. Spoon half of the chicken mixture over the tortillas, and sprinkle with half of the cheese and half of the sour cream. Spoon the remaining enchilada sauce over the cheese, and make another layer of tortillas. Layer the remaining chicken mixture over the tortillas. Cover dish with a lid or aluminum foil.
Bake for 30 minutes in the preheated oven. Remove the cover, and sprinkle the remaining cheese over the top and dot with sour cream. Continue cooking, uncovered, for an additional 5 to 10 minutes, or until cheese melts. Let stand 10 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
drcook
Description: 
Layers of sauce and tortillas mingle with a seasoned chicken and black bean mixture. This is a delicious and easy recipe best served with a side of Spanish rice. You may wish to substitute low fat sour cream.Modified from: Layered Chicken and Black Bean Enchilada Casserole
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
