URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62342409/lasagna-bolognese/
Title:
Lasagna Bolognese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/392181.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound dried lasagna noodles
Extra-virgin olive oil
1 pounds ground beef
1 pound ground sweet Italian sausage
1 onion, chopped
3 cloves garlic, sliced
2 carrots, chopped
2 stalks celery, chopped
1 tablespoon fresh chopped sage
1 tablespoon fresh chopped rosemary
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 cups red wine
1 (28-ounce) can italian peeled tomatoes (recommended: La Valle)
4 tablespoons heavy cream
1/2 cup grated Parmesan
1 pinch ground cinnamon
1 lb shredded ricotta cheese, (16 oz)
3 eggs, lightly beaten
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
1 pound mozzarella cheese, shredded
Grated Parmesan and mozzarella, for topping

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Cook the lasagna noodles in plenty of boiling salted water with about a tablespoon of olive oil, until pliable and barely tender, about 10 minutes. Stir with a wooden spoon to prevent sticking. Drain the noodles thoroughly and coat with olive oil to keep them moist and easy to work with.
In food processor puree can of tomatoes, set aside.
In a food processor, combine the onion, carrots, celery, garlic, sage, and rosemary. Process until minced.  Add olive oil and heat pan on high until smoking.  Add minced vegetables and reduce heat to medium.  Cook, stirring often for about 10 minutes.
Add ground beef and pork sausage (remove sausage from casings) to the pan and brown meat, stirring occasionally and crumbling the mixture. When meat is cooked through, stir in the flour. Add the wine and cook until it has reduced. Stir in the tomatoes and add the heavy cream, parmessan cheese, and the pinch of cinnamon.
Cook sauce with lid on for another 20 minutes to combine flavors, stirring occasionally. Turn off heat and set aside.
In a large bowl, combine ricotta cheese, eggs, 3/4 of mozzarella cheese and salt and pepper.
In 13 x 9 Lasagna dish drizzle olive oil, then start first layer with noodles (slightly overlapping 3-4 noodles covering bottom entirely), ricotta mixture, and meat sauce.  Continue layers several times, finishing with noodles and meat sauce (no ricotta on top layer), then sprinkle remaining shredded mozarella cheese on top.
Bake in preheated 350 degree oven for 45 to 55 minutes, until lasagna is bubbling and cheese is lighlty browned on top.  Let lasagna rest for about 5 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
MARCIL
Description: 
This lasagna is a special occasion recipe as it's time consuming, but so worth the time and effort. It's very hearty and a great crowd pleaser.  The wine and cinnamon give it a different but pleasant taste.  I like to use a nice dry wine like a Zinfandel or Cabernet Sauvignon, then serve the rest with dinner!  Bon Appetit!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
