URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62343740/mamas-asian-chicken-and-rice/
Title:
Mama's Asian Chicken and Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2/3 cup warm water
1/2 cup packed brown sugar
4 tablespoons orange juice
4 tablespoons soy sauce
4 tablespoons ketchup
2 tablespoon white vinegar
8 cloves garlic, minced
1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes
1/2 teaspoon Chinese five-spice powder
2 teaspoon grated orange peel
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 1/2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, cubed
1 cup water
1 cup uncooked white rice
1 teaspoons cornstarch
2 tablespoons cold water
chopped green onions for garnish
toasted sesame seeds for garnigh

Directions:
In a bowl, stir together warm water, brown sugar, orange juice, soy sauce, ketchup, white vinegar, garlic, red pepper flakes, five-spice powder, and orange peel until the sugar has dissolved and the mixture is well combined.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet or wok over medium heat, and cook and stir the chicken until the outside is golden brown and the inside is no longer pink, 10 to 12 minutes. Pour the sauce mixture over the chicken, bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium-low, and cover the skillet. Simmer for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.
While the chicken and sauce are simmering, bring the rice and water to a boil in a saucepan over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the rice is tender, and the liquid has been absorbed, 20 to 25 minutes. Set the rice aside and keep warm.
Whisk the cornstarch and 2 tablespoons of cold water in a small bowl until smooth, and stir into the chicken and sauce, a few teaspoons at a time. Let the chicken and sauce cook for about 2 minutes to thicken, then serve over hot cooked rice, sprinkled with green onion.

Submitter: 
CapeCodCook
Description: 
Chunks of boneless chicken breast simmer with an Asian-inspired sweet, tangy orange sauce, and are served over hot cooked rice with a sprinkling of green onions.

(Doubled sauce portions in original recipe)Modified from: Mama's Asian Chicken and Rice
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
