URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62344563/southwestern-style-shrimp-taco-salad/
Title:
Southwestern-Style Shrimp Taco Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/393522.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4  cup  fresh lime juice
2  tablespoons  olive oil
1  teaspoon  ground cumin
2  teaspoons  minced garlic
2  teaspoons  maple syrup
2  teaspoons  chipotle hot sauce
3/4  pound  medium shrimp, peeled and deveined
2  ears shucked corn
Cooking spray
1  cup  chopped romaine lettuce
1/2  cup  chopped green onions
1/4  cup  chopped fresh cilantro
1  (15-ounce) can black beans, rinsed and drained
3  plum tomatoes, chopped
2  ounces  baked blue corn tortilla chips (about 1 1/2 cups)
1/3  cup  light sour cream
1/4  cup  diced peeled avocado
Lime wedges (optional)

Directions:
Prepare grill to medium-high heat.
Combine lime juice, olive oil, cumin, garlic, syrup, and hot sauce in a small bowl, stirring with a whisk. Place the shrimp in a shallow bowl. Drizzle 1 tablespoon of the lime juice mixture over shrimp, tossing gently to coat. Reserve the remaining lime juice mixture; set aside. Thread shrimp onto metal skewers. Lightly coat corn with cooking spray. Place shrimp kebabs and corn on a grill rack coated with cooking spray. Grill 8 minutes, turning kebabs once and turning corn frequently until browned. Remove from grill; cool slightly.
Remove shrimp from skewers, and place in a large bowl. Cut kernels from ears of corn. Add corn, chopped lettuce, green onions, cilantro, black beans, and plum tomatoes to shrimp. Drizzle reserved lime juice mixture over the shrimp mixture, and toss gently to combine.
Divide tortilla chips evenly among 6 shallow bowls; top each serving with 1 cup shrimp mixture. Combine sour cream and diced avocado in a small bowl; mash with a fork until well blended. Top each serving with about 1 tablespoon sour cream mixture. Serve with a lime wedge, if desired.

Submitter: 
Peggy
Description: 
Cooking Light - May, 2010 - Loved all the flavors and that avocado and sour cream mixture was wonderful.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
45
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
