URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62345633/lemon-rosemary-roasted-chicken/
Title:
lemon-rosemary roasted chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 whole 4-6 lb. Chicken
1/3 cup lemon juice
2/3 cup water
2 tbs. dried rosemary - 4 tbs. fresh
3 tbs. kosher salt
2 tbs. freshly ground black pepper
2 lbs. potatoes, washed, and cut into 1 inch chunks
1 small onion, frenched
1 tbs. olive oil
1 1/2 cup chicken stock, recipe follows
1 10oz. bag brussel sprouts (optional)
1/4 cup white wine
2 tbs lemon juice

Directions:
Crush rosemary slightly in mortar and pestle, add 2 tbs. of the salt, and black pepper. Stir to combine.
Butterfly the chicken - see footnote
In a gallon size zip-top bag combine 1/3 cup lemon juice, 2/3 cup water, 2 tbs. seasoning mixture, and chicken. Squeeze out as much of the air as possible (do not put your mouth on the bag as this is raw meat). Marinade for 2-6 hours.
Heat oven to 375F. Rub chicken with remaining rub inside and out. Put chicken and marinade in a 9x13" pan, roast uncovered for 30 min.
In the mean time toss potatoes, half the onion, and remaining tbs. of kosher salt in olive oil. Arrange potatoes around chicken. Add half the chicken stock, return to oven, and bake for another 30 min.
Remove chicken from oven again and add brussel sprouts, remaining chicken stock, white wine, and lemon juice, bake for another 30 min.
Insert a thermometer into the thickest part of the thigh and make sure chicken has reached an internal temperature of at least 170F.
After you are positive chicken is cooked remove, and let rest for twenty min. Then check potatoes for doneness, if they are not done stir them, cover with aluminum foil and bake for an additional 20 min.
Carve chicken into serving sized pieces, serve with potatoes, brussel sprouts and fresh baked bread, garnish with fresh rosemary.
(CHICKEN STOCK RECIPE) to make chicken stock to be used in this recipe take neck, and backbone from the chicken, put in a small sauce pan - a stock pot is not necessary as this is only a small batch of stock - cover with water and bring to a gentle simmer. Cook for 2-6 hours. Strain bones out using a colander, add enough water to get 1 1/2 cups  chicken stock

Submitter: 
Caleb1993
Description: 
Chicken marinated in lemon juice and rosemary, baked with potatoes and brussel sprouts.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 min
Ready in:
4-8 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
