URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62340504/gluten-free-mock-rye-bread/
Title:
Gluten-Free Mock Rye Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups Gluten-Free High-Protein Flour Blend* (*See Footnote for how to make G-F High-Protein Flour Blend)
1/4 cup almond meal
1-1/2 teaspoon xanthan gum
1 teaspoon salt
1-1/2 teaspoon cocoa powder
1/2 package (1-1/8 teaspoons) dry yeast granules
1/2 teaspoon rye flavor powder, optional
1 eggs, room temperature
1/2 teaspoon cider vinegar
1/8 cup margarine
1-1/2 teaspoon organic molasses or unsulphured molasses
2 tablespoons agave nectar or brown sugar
1-1/2 teaspoon instant coffee granules
1 cups warm milk of choice (almond, rice, soy, hemp, nut milk) or water (110 to 115 degrees)

Directions:
Grease one 8-inch loaf pan or one 8-inch round cake pan (at least 2 inches deep) and dust with rice flour.
In a medium-size bowl, combine flour blend, xanthan gum, salt, almond meal, cocoa powder, dry yeast and rye flavor powder, if desired. Set aside.
In mixing bowl of a stand mixer, combine eggs, egg white, cider vinegar, shortening or margarine, molasses, agave nectar and coffee extract. Mix ingredients together on medium-low speed for 1 minute to blend. Shortening will be lumpy.
Add milk or water to the wet ingredients and mix on low for 30 seconds.
Add half the dry ingredients to the wet ingredients and mix until just blended. Add remaining half and blend. Then beat at medium-high speed for 4 minutes.
Spoon batter into prepared pans and set in a warm place to rise, about 50 minutes or until doubled in size. Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
Bake bread pans in preheated oven for approximately 50 minutes until done. Bread is done when internal temperature reads 200 degrees on an instant-read thermometer. Bread may darken quickly. If so, lightly cover loaves with aluminum foil.
Each serving contains 106 calories, 3g total fat, 0g saturated fat, 0g trans fat, 15mg cholesterol, 208mg sodium, 18g carbohydrate, 1g fiber, 2g protein.
TIP Gluten-free rye flavor is available from Authentic Foods (authenticfoods.com).
Variation
For Caraway Rye Bread, add 1-1/2 teaspoon caraway seeds to the dry ingredients. Before setting your bread aside to rise, lightly beat one egg white with a fork and brush the top of the loaf with a pastry brush.  Sprinkle additional caraway seeds on the top of the loaves and let rise.

Submitter: 
sparkytoo
Description: 
There is no rye in this bread, but you will be taken with the rye taste and texture.  Who needs gluten?
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
90 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
