URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62349364/shrimp-and-asparagus-fettuccine/
Title:
Shrimp and Asparagus Fettuccine Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 bunch fresh asparagus, trimmed and cut into 1 inch pieces
1 tablespoon olive oil, or more if needed
6 cloves garlic, pressed
salt and pepper to taste
1 pound dry fettuccine pasta
2 teaspoons butter
1 pound uncooked shrimp - peeled, deveined, and tails removed
1/2 teaspoon seafood seasoning (such as Old Bay®), or to taste
1 cup shredded Parmesan cheese, or more if desired
2 tbls pesto

Directions:
Separate the asparagus tips from the rest of the cut pieces, and set the tips aside. Heat olive oil over medium heat, add the cut pieces of asparagus (not the tips), and season with salt and pepper. Cook and stir the asparagus until tender but still bright green, about 5 minutes, then add the asparagus tips. Cook and stir for 3 more minutes.
While the asparagus is cooking, fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat add fettuccine, and return to a boil. Cook the pasta al dente, about 8 minutes. Drain well , return to the pot, and drizzle 2 teaspoons of olive oil over the pasta.
Remove the asparagus from the skillet with a slotted spoon, leaving oil in skillet, and set the asparagus aside. Pat the shrimp dry with paper towels, add butter place shrimp in the hot skillet over medium-high heat. Sprinkle the shrimp with the seafood seasoning, and cook and stir the shrimp until they are pink and no longer translucent.  Return the asparagus to the skillet, and cook the shrimp and asparagus until thoroughly heated, 2 to 3 more minutes.
Stir the shrimp and asparagus into the cooked fettuccine, and toss with shredded Parmesan cheese and pesto. The olive oil serves as the sauce, so add more as needed to generously coat the pasta, shrimp and asparagus.

Submitter: 
tljohnson
Description: 
A simple, light combination of fresh asparagus, shrimp, and Parmesan cheese is served with fettuccine and olive oil.Modified from: Shrimp and Asparagus Fettuccine
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
