URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62348860/roasted-pecan-banana-bread-loaves/
Title:
Roasted Pecan Banana Bread Loaves Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 whole bananas, extremely ripe (brown), approximately 1.5 cups (more is ok)
1 1/2 cups of flour (all purpose is fine)
1 tsp baking soda
1 tsp baking powder
1/4 tsp salt
3/4 cup chopped pecans, slightly roasted (just until they are giving off a lovely scent - then take them out - they burn very easily!)
1 cup sugar
2 large eggs
1 1/2 tsp vanilla extract
1/2 tsp coconut extract (helps to bring out the fresh banana flavor - trust!)
2 TBS lemon juice
1/2 cup (or 1 stick) light butter - softened at room temperature

Directions:
Preheat your oven to 350 degrees.  Spray your mini muffin tin with cooking spray and slightly dust the individual loaf slots with flour to prevent sticking.  Make sure to lightly spray the edges of the loaf slots and the lip in case a loaf bakes over the sides.  This will make it easier to remove them later.
In a medium mixing bowl, combine the flour, salt, baking power, and baking soda with a wisk and set aside.
In a large mixing bowl, mash the bananas and then add the butter, mixing well with a fork or hand mixer on low until combined.  Stir in the sugar, eggs, vanilla and coconut extracts, and lemon juice.
Once your pecans are slightly toasted and cooled, toss them into the bowl of dry ingredients, folding lightly to coat them.
Slowly add in the flour / pecan mixture to the banana liquid mix, stirring with a wisk or spatula.
Pour your banana bread mixture into miniature loaf pans (approximately 3/4 full).
Bake for 30 minutes, or until a wooden toothpick inserted in the middle of the loaves comes out clean.
Let the pan sit cooling on the counter for 5 minutes, then invert the pan over a cooling rack to let the invididual loaves cool separately.
Once cooled, wrap each loaf in plastic wrap and set over night (the flavor is better a day later).

Submitter: 
atlantasassybelle
Description: 
My father loves bananas and pecans, so for his birthday this year I whipped up a special treat for him.  Two of his favorites, wrapped into one, and made into individual loaves so he could easily freeze the extras and have his birthday banana bread whenever he wanted.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
