URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62344522/scrumdidlyumptious-toaster-pastries/
Title:
Scrumdidlyumptious Toaster Pastries Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Pastry:
4 cups all-purpose flour
1  shortening
3/4 Cups Butter
3 tablespoons sugar
2 teaspoons salt
1 tablespoon vinegar
1 Teaspoon Vanilla
1 egg
1/2 cup ice cold water
Filling~
Use your favorite Jam or frosting.
Or
brown sugar & cinnamon
3 tablespoons melted butter
2/3 cup brown sugar
1 tablespoon cinnamon
Frosting~
3 cups icing sugar
5 to 6 tablespoons cold water
1 teaspoon soft butter

Directions:
Put flour, shortening, butter, sugar, and salt to a food processor(if you don't have a food processor mix in a bowl as you would pie dough). Pulse flour and shortening until it looks like little pea like crumbs.
In a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, vanilla,  egg, and water.
Turn on your food processor and drizzle in the liquid on the flour mix, pulsing your food processor until combined and dough begins to clump together.
Dump contents of the food processor onto a piece of wax paper and form into two balls. Wrap each ball in plastic wrap and place in the fridge for at least for 20 minutes. (You can also prep your pastry a few days ahead and refrigerate till scrumdidlyumptious toaster pastry making day.)
After dough is chilled, roll out in two long strips six inches wide and about 1/8-1/4 inch thick.  Then cut dough every 3-4 inches so that you have nice rectangles. You can also try cutting circles or other shapes for fun variations.
Use 2 teaspoons of jam, frosting, or brown sugar mix on 1/2 of your rectangles. Spread evenly over the dough leaving a 1/4 inch of dough from the edges. Brush the edges with water and top with a second piece of dough. Using a fork press closed around the edges.
Bake at 400-degrees for 15 minutes, or until golden brown.
While baking mix icing sugar and 5 tablespoons water together in a saucepan. Heat over medium heat until mixture feels lukewarm and is of good pouring consistency. Stir in butter. Add more water, if necessary. Pour over toaster pastries twice to give a good coating. TO COLOR: When frosting is ready to pour, tint delicately with food coloring.
Remove from the oven and cool until warm and then drizzle with frosting. Keep in the fridge for a quick breakfast treat or devour immediately!

Submitter: 
Namaste Mama
Description: 
A yummy breakfast treat, like those famous tarts that pop out of your toaster. Only better!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
