URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62347889/mexican-chocolate-squash-cookies/
Title:
Mexican Chocolate & Squash Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup butter, softened
3/4 cup white sugar
3/4 cup packed dark brown sugar
2 eggs
10 oz. canned squash
2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoons vanilla
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon freshly-ground Mexican cinnamon
2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
2 to 3 cups dark chocolate chips to taste

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
In a large mixing bowl, whisk the butter and sugars together (small butter lumps are fine).
Whisk in the eggs and squash. The squash has less water in it, so the batter will be slightly more dry and sticky than pumpkin cookie batter, but this is normal. The whisk adds air bubbles to the mixture which will create a more cake-like texture, and support the "heavy" chips.
Whisk in the baking soda, salt, cinnamon, and baking powder.
Switch to a sturdy fork and fold in the flour, half a cup at a time. Stir gently - the more flour you add, the more effort it will take to add more, and you don't want to end up with more flour on the counter than in the bowl.
Stir in the chocolate chips last, folding the batter gently to combine the chips without crushing them.
Spoon the batter onto parchment-lined cookie sheets. Space each spoonful of dough 1 - 1/2 to 2 inches apart. These cookies will not spread but they'll rise.
Bake for 12 to 15 minutes in the preheated oven, until risen, golden, and dry.

Submitter: 
qwertycook
Description: 
Freshly ground Mexican cinnamon makes all the difference. If you can't find this type of cinnamon, you can substitute with regular cinnamon and allspice to taste. But there's no comparison to the tangy citrusy flavor of the real thing.Modified from: Squash Cookies
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
