URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62340738/homemade-pita-pockets/
Title:
Homemade Pita Pockets Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
* 1 1/8 cup warm water
* 1.5 tsp. sugar
* 1.5 tsp. active dry yeast
* 1 Tbsp. olive oil
* 3 cups flour
* 1 tsp. salt

Directions:
1. Stir sugar into warm water. Sprinkle yeast over top and allow to proof for 10 min.
2. Stir in olive oil, 2 cups flour and salt. Add remaining flour and knead until soft, pliable and barely sticky (add a bit more flour if needed). Let rise for 1 hour covered, in a warm area.
3. On a lightly floured surface roll dough into a 12 inch rope. Cut into 8 pieces. Roll each piece into a ball (It is important to do this. One of the first times I didn’t roll the balls because I didn’t see the point, and none of them turned out. I don’t know why but it just works this way) and place under a damp towel.
4. Taking one piece at a time, roll into a 7 inch circle (do not make it any larger because if the dough is too thin the pita will not puff in the centre). Place back under the damp towel making sure the surface is dusted with flour so it does not stick. Repeat with remaining dough.
5. Allow to rise for 30 minutes until slightly puffed. Meanwhile preheat the oven to 500ºF.
6. Put 1 or 2 pitas onto a wire cooling rack and place it directly on the oven rack (you can place the dough directly on the oven rack if you feel it is clean enough). Bake for 4- 5 minutes until puffed in the centre and just starting to brown on the sides.
7. Remove and place back under the damp towel to cool and soften. Repeat with remaining pitas.
8. Once cool put in a plastic bag and refrigerate for a couple days or freeze for 1-2 months.
9. To serve: Cut in half and fill as desired.

Submitter: 
Lisa Scott Provost
Description: 
Looks SO very simple, and very very yummy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 hr
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
