URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62344122/mediterranean-summer-stuffed-chicken/
Title:
Mediterranean Summer Stuffed Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 six ounce boneless skinless breasts
Salt to taste (optional)
Pepper to taste (optional)
1/8 cup of dried sweetened cranberries
1/3 cup of feta cheese
1 orange, juiced
2 T of chopped fresh parsley (or more, to taste)
1/4 tsp of black pepper
1/3 cup of spinach or arugula
1/8 cup of pine nuts (optional)
1/4 cup of cranberry juice

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400ยบ.
Butterfly each chicken breast by laying the breast on the cutting board with the smooth side up. With the knife parallel to the cutting board, begin cutting down the length of the breast. Carefully slice the breast in half width-wise almost to the other edge. Keep that edge intact and open the breast along the "fold."  Next, place the chicken between two sheets of plastic wrap and with the smooth side of a mallet, gently pound out the chicken until the thickness about a quarter inch. Season with salt and pepper on each side of the butterflied breast.
Add cranberries, feta cheese, the juice of one orange, chopped parsley, and 1/4 tsp of black pepper to a food processor (or blender if you do not have one).  Cap it and pulse until well blended and smooth.
Start to assemble the stuffed chicken breasts by spreading the seasoned breast out.  Add a thin layer of spinach or arugula onto each butterflied breast and then spoon on the feta mixture in a thin layer.  Add a sprinkle of pine nuts and then roll the breast up and secure with toothpicks.  Please the breast seam side down into a greased casserole dish.
Cook breasts uncovered for 10 minutes.  Pull the breasts out and baste them with half the cranberry juice.  Cover and place back in the oven for 5 more minutes.  Pull them out and bast with the rest of the cranberry juice.  Allow them to cook (covered) 10 minutes longer or until chicken is no longer pink and juices run clear.

Submitter: 
LMF443
Description: 
Fresh flavors with Mediterranean influence come together to create a unique dinner.  Feel free to substitute cilantro instead of parsley or another citrus fruit for the orange to create different variations.  Serve with couscous flavored with parsley and parmigiana cheese and sweetened mint tea to have the full experience.  Also pairs well with roasted vegetables.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
40
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
