URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62355590/spicy-stuffed-peppers/
Title:
Spicy Stuffed Peppers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/400737.jpg
Ingredients:
6-8 large green peppers (try to find peppers that will sit up on their own easily)
2 tablespoons olive oil
Half a large yellow onion, chopped
2 cloves minced garlic (about 1 tablespoon)
1.25 pounds ground turkey (or beef)
2- 14.5 oz. cans diced tomatoes
3/4 – 1 cup hot (or medium) taco sauce (depends on your taste)
1/2 cup uncooked white rice (NOT quick-cooking)
1 cup water
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon pepper
1/2  teaspoon dried parsley
Shredded cheddar cheese for topping

Directions:
Preheat Oven to 375 degrees
Prepare peppers by cutting off tops, about a quarter of an inch from the top.  Clean seeds and any very thick ribs out. Be careful! You don’t want the peppers to break or get punctured. Rinse with water, dry with paper towel. Set peppers in a baking dish that can fit them (maybe two dishes). The key is to get them to stand up on their own and not fall over. It’s okay if the peppers are touching in order to achieve this.
Heat oil in large pot over medium-medium high heat. Add onion and garlic. Let simmer for 2 minutes, then add turkey and half of the salt and pepper. Ground the meat, and cook until done, stirring occasionally.
Turn heat to low.  Add tomatoes (do NOT drain cans), taco sauce, uncooked rice, water, remaining salt and pepper, and parsley. Cover and let simmer for 4-5 minutes.
Turn heat off.  Fill peppers to the top with the mixture. Make sure to not only fill with the substance, but also the sauce evenly. The rice needs liquid to cook. Cover pan with foil, trying to leave space between top of peppers and foil. Bake for 30 minutes, then remove foil.  Make sure peppers remain upright.  Bake for 20-30 more minutes. Check after 20 minutes to see if rice is cooked. If not, continue for 10 more minutes or until rice is done.  Try to taste the filling deeper in the pepper, as the rice directly at the top may be drier.
Remove pan, turn oven to broiler. Cover peppers with shredded cheddar cheese. Put pan back in the oven for about 3-4 minutes, until cheese melts. But watch it, so the cheese doesn’t burn!

Submitter: 
Jake Andricks
Description: 
A traditional stuffed pepper with a kick. Delicious, satisfying, and healthy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
