URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62355998/lasagne-rolls/
Title:
Lasagne Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Sauce:
2 T unsalted butter
4 t. all-purpose flour
1 1/4 C whole milk
1/4 t. salt
1/8 t. ground black pepper
Pinch ground nutmeg
Lasagna:
1 (15-oz) container whole milk ricotta cheese
1 (10-oz) package frozen chopped spinach, thawed, squeezed dry
1 C + 2 T grated Parmesan
3 oz thinly sliced prosciutto, chopped
1 large egg, beaten
3/4 t. salt, plus more for salting water
1/2 t. freshly ground black pepper
1 to 2 T olive oil
12 uncooked lasagna noodles
2 C marinara sauce

Directions:
Sauce:
Melt the butter in a med. SP over med-low heat.
Add the flour and whisk for 3 minutes. Whisk in the milk.
Increase the heat to medium-high.
Whisk the sauce until it comes to simmer and is thick and smooth, about 3 min.
Whisk the salt, pepper, and nutmeg into the bechamel sauce.
Lasagne:
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.
Whisk the ricotta, spinach, 1 C Parm., prosciutto, egg, salt, and pepper in med. MB
Boil noodles until slightly firm in salted water with 1-2 T olive oil. Drain.
Arrange the noodles in a single layer on a CS to prevent them from sticking.
Grease 9x13 glass BD. Pour the bechamel sauce over the bottom.
Lay out 4 lasagna noodles on a work surface.
Then spread about 3 tablespoons of ricotta mixture evenly over each noodle.
Lay the lasagna rolls, without touching, atop the sauce.
Repeat with the remaining noodles and ricotta mixture.
Spoon 1 cup of marinara sauce over the lasagna rolls.
Sprinkle the mozzarella and remaining Parmesan over the lasagna rolls.
Cover tightly with foil. Bake until the sauce bubbles, about 20 minutes.
Uncover and bake until the cheese on top becomes golden,15 minutes .
Let stand for 10 minutes. Heat the remaining marinara in sm. SP. Serve alongside.

Submitter: 
Marianne Jones Islas
Description: 
A fun variation on a family favorite. These are similar to a pizza bite but with lasagne ingredients.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 min.
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
