URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62355488/bobs-soy-salmon/
Title:
BOB'S Soy Salmon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound salmon fillets
1/3 cup brown sugar, divided
Juice of 1 Lemon
1 tbl Black Pepper
1 1/2 teaspoon crushed garlic
1/3 cup low sodium soy sauce
1 tablespoon olive oil
1/2 cup orange juice
3 Tbl Cruched almonds.
Tablespoon Corn Starch for sauce

Directions:
Rub salmon with about 1 tablespoon brown sugar. Lightly sprinkle with lemon pepper and garlic; rub seasoning into fish.
Into a small saucepan set over medium heat, pour soy sauce and olive oil. Stir  remaining brown sugar, lemon juice and black pepper, and garlic. Bring to a gentle simmer, stirring constantly until sugar has dissolved. Remove from heat, stir in orange juice.
Place fish and marinade into a resealable plastic bag, seal, and refrigerate overnight, or for at least 3 hours.
Preheat Oven 350 degrees. Place fish in a foil-lined baking pan Bake for 20-30 minutes or flakey. Reserve marinade.
This recipe was awesome! I would definitely suggest doubling the marinade though. I made just two servings with the enough marinade for four. I marinaded overnight and took earlier suggestions to make the remaining into a sauce for the fish. It was perfect. I added a little over a tablespoon of cornstarch and made sure to boil the mix for a few minutes (stirring constantly) just in case any bacteria still existed.

Submitter: 
Rambob64
Description: 
Salmon is marinated overnight in soy sauce, brown sugar, orange juice, spices. Eliminated Ginger,1/2 cup OJ,This recipe was awesome! I would definitely suggest doubling the marinade though. I made just two servings with the enough marinade for four. I marinaded overnight and took earlier suggestions to make the remaining into a sauce for the fish. It was perfect. I added a little over a tablespoon of cornstarch and made sure to boil the mix for a few minutes (stirring constantly) just in case any bacteria still existed.Modified from: Soy Ginger Salmon
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
