URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62359225/fudge-brownies-with-browned-butter-frosting/
Title:
Fudge Brownies with Browned Butter Frosting Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/403154.jpg
Ingredients:
Brownies:
1/2 cup butter or margarine
2 (1 oz.) squares unsweetened baking chocolate
2 eggs
1 cup sugar
1 tsp. vanilla
1/2 tsp. salt
3/4 cup flour
1 cup semi-sweet chocolate chips
Frosting:
1/4 cup butter or margarine
1 1/2 cups powdered sugar
1 to 2 Tbsp. milk
1/2 tsp. vanilla
Drizzle:
1 (1 oz.) square semi-sweet baking chocolate

Directions:
Heat oven to 350 degrees and grease an 8" square baking pan.
In a medium saucepan over low heat, melt the butter and unsweetened chocolate together.  Remove from heat.
Stir in eggs, sugar, vanilla and salt until well combined.  Stir in flour and chocolate chips.  Pour into prepared baking pan.
Bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes.  Cool completely before icing.
To make frosting melt 1/4 cup butter in a medium saucepan over low heat.  Continue to cook butter until it turns a golden-brown color.  Beat in vanilla and powdered sugar.  Add milk until the the frosting is a good spreading consistency.  Frost brownies.
To make the drizzle, place the 1 oz. semi-sweet baking chocolate in a heavy-duty plastic bag.  Heat on high in the microwave at 30 second intervals until chocolate is melted.  Snip a small corner off the plastic bag and drizzle over frosted brownies.

Submitter: 
Dianne
Description: 
Years ago my mom found a similar recipe written for baking in the microwave.  We all loved the combination of brownies with browned butter frosting, but as with most microwave recipes, the brownies came out dry.  I set out to create a recipe for the conventional oven and came up with a moist, fudgy brownie made more indulgent with chocolate chips thrown in.  The frosting is rich and creamy and makes the brownies extra decadent!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
