URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62352095/choochies-smokin-scovilles-turkey-chili/
Title:
Choochie's Smokin' Scovilles Turkey Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 onion, chopped
5 cloves garlic, minced
1 small green bell peppers, seeded and chopped
1jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped
2 pounds lean ground turkey
2 tablespoons chili powder
2 teaspoons red pepper flakes
1 tablespoon paprika
1 tablespoon ground cumin
2 teaspoons dried oregano
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 (1 ounce) envelope instant hot chocolate mix
2 teaspoons seasoned salt
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
1 teaspoon liquid smoke flavoring
2 (14.5 ounce) cans diced tomatoes with green chile peppers, drained
1 (8 ounce) can tomato sauce
1 (15 ounce) can kidney beans, drained
1 can chili beans
1 cup beer
1 tablespoon hot pepper sauce

Directions:
Heat the olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic, green peppers and habanero pepper; cook and stir until the onion is transparent. Push these to one side of the pot, and crumble in the ground turkey. Cover, and cook for about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, or until the meat is no longer pink. Stir everything together so the garlic doesn't burn.
Season with chili powder, red pepper flakes, paprika, cumin, oregano, pepper, hot cocoa mix and seasoned salt. Stir in Worcestershire sauce, liquid smoke, diced tomatoes with green chilies, tomato sauce and kidney beans. Crack open a beer, and pour in about 1/2. Drink or discard the rest. Partially cover the pan, and simmer over medium heat for about 50 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Mix in hot pepper sauce, and simmer for about 10 more minutes. Remove from the heat and allow to cool for a few minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
vchooch13
Description: 
Took out the corn, added more beans and tuned down the spice a bit.Modified from: Smokin' Scovilles Turkey Chili
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
