URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62359198/estellas-picadillo/
Title:
Estella's Picadillo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/403137.jpg
Ingredients:
2 lbs Pork Rump Roast
2 Chicken bouillon cubes
2 Bay Leaves
4 Garlic Clove minced
3-4 Dried Chile Ancho Peppers
2 Dried Chile de Arbol Peppers
5 Roma Tomatoes, cut in half
1/4 Teaspoon Thyme
2 Tablespoons oil
1 Garlic clove minced
1 Large White onion sliced
5 Medium Potatoes, cleaned, peeled and cut into small squares
1-2 Teaspoon Salt or to taste
Water

Directions:
In stock pot place roast, bouillon cubes, bay leaves and 1 garlic clove fill with water (the water should cover the roast).  Bring to boil until meat is tender and will shred.  About 3-4 hours.
Once meat is tender remove from pot, saving juices (discard bay leaves from pot).  Place the meat onto cutting board and shred it.  Set aside in dish. Place 1 cup of reserved stock into dish and place chiles into stock, cover and let stand about 15 minutes or until chiles are tender.
Place potatoes into stock pot with juices and boil until potatoes are tender.  About 15-20 minutes.
In dutch over or thick pot place 2 tablespoon oil.  Heat until warm, add tomatoes.  Fry about 10 minutes until golden brown and tender. Place them in blender, saving oil. Once chiles are tender remove stems and seeds and place the chiles and juices into blender with tomatoes.  Add thyme to blender also.  Blend until smooth.
Add sliced onion and remaining garlic to oil and fry until tender, about 5 minutes. Add the chile sauce from blender (be careful it may splatter a bit).  Then add juices and potatoes to dutch oven.  Stir and add meat also. Add salt to taste. Simmer about 10-15 mintues.
Serve with tortillas, limes and hot sauce.

Submitter: 
Sherbear1
Description: 
This recipe is from my mother-in-law who is from Michocan Mexico.  This recipe will vary from place to place with how it is made, but it sure is tasty!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
