URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62355875/egg-chow-foo-mein-young/
Title:
Egg Chow Foo Mein Young Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 Bi-Pack La Choy Chicken Chow Mein with Vegetables (chicken and sauce are canned seperately from the chinese vegetables) NOTE: Both cans are taped together as one large can.
6 large eggs
1, 12.5 oz can (water packed) white meat chicken, drained.
1 1/2 cups skim milk or water (I like the creaminess of the milk)
4 tbs Smart Balance margarine
3 tbs flour
3 tbs thinly sliced green onion tops
3 tbs diced pimentoes (jar type)
2 1/2 tsp fresh grated ginger
2 tsp teriyaki sauce
1/2 tsp fresh minced garlic

Directions:
For Egg Foo Young patty: Separate Bi-Pack cans of Chow Mein dinner.
Open, rinse and thoroughly drain the can of chinese vegetables and place in a medium bowl.
Add the 6 eggs and 1 1/4 tsp fresh grated ginger to veggies, mix well.
Spray a 12inch straight-sided non-stick skillet with non-stick cooking spray.
Add 2 tbs margaine to skillet and heat until margarine is melted.
Pour stirred egg mixure into skillet making sure veggies are evenly distributed.
Cover skillet with tight fitting lid and place skillet over medium-low heat for 20 minutes or until egg mixture is completely set. (move skillet around on fire making certain all of the paaty is evenly cooked.
For sauce: In a medium saucepan add the remaining 2 tbs margarine and 3 tbs flour to make a roux. Cook roux (flour and margarine) well, about 2 minutes.
Stir in milk or water, continually stirring until sauce thickens.
Once sauce has thickened, stir in the contents of the chow mein chicken and sauce can, remaning 1 1/4 tsp fresh grated ginger, teriyaki sauce, garlic, pimento, green onions, and the can of drained chicken meat.
Heat through until flavor and ingredients are well blended.
To serve: Cut egg patty into 4 wedge sections.
Place 1 wedge of egg and veggie patty atop steamed rice on a plate or shallow pasta bowl.
Top patty with chicken sauce and serve.

Submitter: 
Alta Nesbitt Rees Sieker
Description: 
This is a tasty homemade version of Egg Foo Young made with 1 Bi-Pack canned Chicken Chow Mein dinner and a few extra ingredients. So easy and delicious you'll never order it out again.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
