URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62356045/scrumptious-spring-soup/
Title:
Scrumptious spring soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/401101.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups fresh shelled peas (or frozen)
2 cups fresh shelled fava beans (or frozen)
2 cups minced spring onions (replace with scallions if you can't find them)
2 cups asparagus (cut into slices; tips kept whole)
2 cups artichokes (chokes cut into eight wedges; stems peeled and chopped) or frozen artichoke hearts
1-2 lemons (not needed if using frozen artichokes)
1 bowl of water (not needed if using frozen artichokes)
13 Tbs extra-virgin olive oil
5 ounces minced pancetta
1/2 lb ground veal
2 quarts meat broth
8 slices stale crusty bread
20 sprigs of thyme
2 cloves of garlic (crushed)
Black pepper
2 tsp salt
8 Tbs grated Parmesan cheese or more

Directions:
See how to prepare dish at on Youtube by typing "Garmugia in the search box.
Squeeze a lemon (or two) in a bowl of water to keep the artichokes from browning once you've trimmed and cut them.
Prepare all the vegetables and pancetta as described in the list of ingredients above.
Heat the broth and bring to a boil. Keep it hot.
Preheat the oven to 430°F for the croutons.
Sauté the spring onions in the oil over medium heat. Let the onions sweat and become translucent (about 5 minutes). Add the pancetta. Let the fat from the pancetta melt. Turn up heat and add the veal. Let veal cook as you stir.
Drain the artichokes from the lemon water they'd been soaking in and add to pot. Stir them in and let them cook for about a minute. Add all the other vegetables and stir them in. Salt.
Pour the meat broth into the pot and let soup simmer for about 7-10 minutes or until vegetables are just cooked.
In the meantime prepare the croutons. Cut the bread as instructed in the ingredients list above and place them in an oven tray. Dress them with 7 torn up sprigs of thyme, black pepper (10 turns pepper mill), olive oil, salt and garlic and toss. Put in a preheated 430°F oven till croutons get toasted (less than 10 minutes).
When soup is ready strip fresh thyme leaves of remaining sprigs directly over pot, grind some black pepper (20 turns of pepper mill) and stir.
To serve the soup ladle it into a bowl, top with the croutons, add 1-2 Tbs grated Parmesan cheese to each serving and a drizzle of extra-virgin olive oil.

Submitter: 
alfrescoacsi
Description: 
This recipe goes back to the 16th century and if it's been around for so long, it must be good. Actually, it's more than that, it's awesomely good! You can see how to prepare it on Youtube by typing Garmugia, the actual name of the soup, in the search box.
The soup is made with a variety of fresh spring produce and ground veal. If you can't find the fresh ingredients or don't feel like shucking peas you can use them frozen. If you want to make a vegetarian dish, omit the veal and pancetta and replace the meat broth with a vegetable broth.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 min.
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
