URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62353435/rice-pudding/
Title:
Rice Pudding Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
RICE PUDDING:
1/2 cups white rice
2 1/2 cups milk (any kind will do; I use skim)
1 1/2 tbsp vanilla
1/2 cup sugar
OPTIONAL TOPPING:
heavy whipping cream (the smallest carton you can find will be just fine)
red food coloring OR 1/3 cup strawberry juice; OPTIONAL
1/4 cup powdered sugar
fresh berries (raspberries, blueberries, strawberries. Whatever strikes your fancy)

Directions:
In a small/medium saucepan (2.5 quart will work), pour the rice into the milk. Cook over medium-low heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. Make sure to scrape the bottom, or the milk will stick and burn. It should take 25-30 minutes. You know it's done when the rice is thick and close together, like oatmeal.
While it's still in the saucepan, stir in the vanilla and sugar. Once evenly mixed, transfer to a different bowl. Serve hot or chill and serve cold, with cinnamon or some heavy cream. Or, use the topping provided below, which can also be used on hot or cold pudding. (Note: For consumers who do not normally enjoy rice pudding, serve hot. It's better.)
TOPPING: Pour the whipping cream into a tall, metal bowl. It will splatter during the mixing, so be careful. If desired, add in two to three drops of food coloring or half of the strawberry juice.
With an electric mixer on the highest setting, beat the cream. It should start turning a nice pink color. If you used the juice and it is not yet pink enough, add in more. Beat until soft peaks are about to form.
While beating, slowly shake in the powdered sugar. If you prefer unsweetened cream, do not add this in. Continue beating until soft peaks form.
Spoon rice pudding into individual dishes. After, spoon on the berries and whipped cream. It's up to you which goes first.
To store, make sure the whipped cream is in a COVERED dish (a bowl with plastic wrap is fine). If it is not covered, it will dry out. Store rice pudding in a container. Put both in the fridge.
NOTE: Any food coloring will do; I just like the way it looks when it's pink. If you're making it for boys, try green with kiwi and mandarin oranges instead of berries.

Submitter: 
terantallegra
Description: 
This is the best rice pudding; even the people who don't normally like it will LOVE it.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
