URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62350272/apple-scented-oven-roasted-chicken/
Title:
Apple-Scented Oven Roasted Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 4-5 lb. young chicken (neck and gizzards removed)
3 TBS butter, room temperature
4-5 carrots, peeled
4 celery stalks
5 Macintosh apples
2 onions, peeled
1 1/2 cups chicken stock (more or less depending on size of pan and chicken)
salt and pepper
rubbed sage (to taste)
paprika (to taste)
poultry seasoning (to taste)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
Rinse chicken in cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Set aside.
Halve 4-5 peeled carrots. Chop 4 stalks of celery into thirds. Quarter 5 small Macintosh apples and 2 onions.  Place the vegetables into the bottom of a foil-lined small roasting pan. Add 1 1/2 chicken stock to use for basting later. Place chicken, breast side up, on top of the vegetable "rack."
Gently slide hand under skin of the breast meat to loosen it away from the chicken.  Dot the breast meat with a few small pieces of butter and replace skin. Dot chicken skin with remaining butter and season with poultry seasoning, rubbed sage, salt and paprika.
Place on 2nd to lowest oven rack.  If you have a digital meat probe, now would be the time to place it in the thickest part of the meat. Roast for 15 minutes uncovered to give the skin a golden color.  Cover for remaining time (cooking time will vary -- internal temperature should be 170 degrees when removed from the oven, basting every 20 minutes with pan drippings/broth.
Once temperature is 170, remove from the oven and transfer chicken to serving platter.  Cover with foil and top foil with a kitchen towel. This will keep in the heat and allow the juices to evenly redistribute before carving.  This step is CRUCIAL and should not be skipped.   Let rest for 30 minutes.
In the meantime, gravy can be made from pan drippings.  Add drippings to a small saucepan and bring to a light boil.
Make a slurry from a few tablespoons of the drippings combined with an equal amount of cornstarch or flour.  Whisk this slurry back into the gravy and boil until desired thickness.

Submitter: 
Sarah
Description: 
Perfectly roasted and slightly sweet with the scent of fresh apples, this is the perfect chicken for a weeknight meal or a special occasion.  The pan drippings make a delicious sweet and salty gravy for drizzling.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
