URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62359339/chicken-cabbage-soup---low-gi/
Title:
Chicken Cabbage Soup - Low GI Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
16 cups or 1 gallon of water
8 fresh chicken thighs
2 tablespoons powdered chicken bouillon
2 stalks celery (6-8 cups), sliced
3 cups chopped fresh broccoli
1, 14oz bag fresh cole slaw mix (shredded cabbage)
16 oz bag frozen chopped collard greens
16 oz bag frozen cut green beans
2 medium chopped fresh sweet yellow onions (2 cups)
1 medium chopped fresh green bell pepper (1 cup)
12 oz sliced fresh carrots (1 1/2 cups)
2 cups fresh bean sprouts (optional)
1 cup fresh chopped parsley
1 cup sliced fresh green onions/scallions
2, 28oz cans peeled tomatoes with juice
1, 64oz bottle V8 or other vegetable juice blend
1 package french onion soup mix
1 package vegetable soup mix
6 tablespoons onion powder
6 - 8 bay leaves
3 tablespoons fresh chopped garlic
1 tsp dried basil leaves
1/2 tsp dried oregano
1/2 tsp chili powder
1/2 tsp ground cumin powder
1/8 tsp dried thyme
2 tsp ground black pepper
Few dashes hot sauce (tabasco)
Salt to taste (I use more bouillon to add salt with flavor)

Directions:
In a VERY large stock pot (18 quart) boil chicken with water and bouillon until it falls apart.
Bone and skin thighs (reserve broth in pot) setting meat aside to add later.
Skim off any fat and debris from the top of the chicken broth.
Add remaining ingredients (except chicken meat and salt or bouillion) to the broth in the pot.
Bring to boil stirring occasionally.
Stir in chicken and set burner to low heat and simmer until flavors meld and veggies are tender.
Salt to taste and serve.

Submitter: 
Alta Nesbitt Rees Sieker
Description: 
This is a healthy delicious diet soup containing low GI vegetables and chicken. It contains only 39 calories a cup. If you omit the chicken it would become a negative calorie food; meaning you would burn more calories eating and digesting the soup, than the soup contains. The more soup you eat, the more weight you lose. NOTE: Without protein and calcium, this soup will not provide you with permanently sustainable nutrition. I make this in large batches to freeze portions for later. Line muffin tins w/plastic wrap filling cups w/soup and freeze. Keep portions in freezer bag until ready to use.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
68
Nutritional Facts:
NA
