URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62351683/pollo-albondigas-chicken-meatballs/
Title:
Pollo Albondigas-Chicken Meatballs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/837819.jpg
Ingredients:
For Meatballs:
2-1/2 lbs freshly ground chicken breast
1/4 lb raw fresh spinach (stems removed), finely chopped
1 small white onion, finely minced
1 clove garlic, finely minced
1 Tbsp fresh mint, finely minced
1 chile serrano, finely minced
1/2 cup cooked white rice
3 eggs, lightly beaten
1 Tbsp Worcestershire sauce
salt to taste
Freshly ground pepper to taste
1 tsp cornstarch or as needed
For Salsa Verde:
10-12 tomatillos (known in Mexico as tomate verde), husks removed
3 or 4 whole chiles serranos
1 bunch fresh cilantro, largest stems removed
2 cloves garlic, minced
1/2 white onion, chopped
salt to taste

Directions:
Lightly mix the first seven ingredients together.
Beat the eggs and Worcestershire sauce together and mix by hand into the mixture. Add salt and ground black pepper to taste. Add cornstarch until the mixture holds together well when you form a small amount into a ball.
Form the mixture into balls approximately 2" in diameter. Makes 20 meatballs. Plate the meatballs in a single layer, cover and refridgerate until ready to cook.
To prepare salsa bring a large pot of water to boil, add the tomatillos and chiles. Boil just until the tomatillos begin to crack.
Using a slotted spoon, scoop the cooked tomatillos and chiles into your blender jar. There's no need to add liquid. Cover, hold the blender cap on, and blend until smooth.
While blending, remove the center of its cap and, little by little, push the cilantro into the sauce. Add onion and garlic. Blend just until smooth. Add salt to taste and stir.
Pour the salsa into a 2-quart pot. Add the meatballs and bring to a simmer. Cover and allow to simmer for about 30 minutes.
Serve with white rice and tortillas. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Sherbear1
Description: 
This is a mexican recipe for chicken meatballs in a salsa verde sauce.  Serve with rice and tortillas.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
