URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62357306/charleys-slow-cooker-mexican-style-meat/
Title:
Charley's Slow Cooker Mexican Style Meat Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (4 pound) chuck roast
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 large onion, chopped
1 1/4 cups diced green chile pepper
1 teaspoon chili powder
1 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper
1 (5 ounce) bottle hot pepper sauce
1 teaspoon garlic powder
--------------------------------------------
Suggestions:
Cooking time: using a 3 pounder, we cooked 8 hours on low overnight. At 8 hours, the meat was falling apart; removed it, shredded with two forks, spooned off the fat in the Crock pot, removed a majority of the onions/peppers via a slotted spoon, returned mixture to Crock Pot juice and cooked on low for 1 1/2 hours. This is important; it allows the spiced juice that has formed overnight to really get in that meat. Spices: used a 5 oz. bottle of Tapatio hot sauce. Increased chili powder to 1 TBS and added 1 1/2 tsp. of cumin, because what's Mex without cumin? Green peppers: used de-seeded chopped fresh jalapenos. Added a beef boullion cube like other posters recommended. When you replace the beef, now shredded, into the pot to simmer, add 1/2 tsp. of additional cumin and 1 tsp. of paprika. Trust me, this is key.
--------------------------------------------
Best part: your first meal of the morning can be Machaca; combine a handful of shredded beef, 4 eggs (beaten), 1/2 cup of veggies of your choice (we used onion/yellow pepper), stir in pan till done, spoon into ripped up flour tortillas and eat.

Directions:
Trim the roast of any excess fat, and season with salt and pepper. Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Place meat in hot skillet, and brown meat quickly on all sides.
Transfer the roast to a slow cooker, and sprinkle onion over meat. Season with chile peppers, chili powder, cayenne pepper, hot pepper sauce, and garlic powder.  Add enough water to cover 1/3 of the roast.
Cover, and cook on High for 6 hours, checking to make sure there is always at least a small amount of liquid in the bottom. Reduce heat to Low, and continue cooking for 2 to 4 hours, or until meat is totally tender and falls apart.

Submitter: 
Alan Benson
Description: 
This makes a very hot and spicy chuck pot toast that cooks for 2 to 4 hours on a low-temperature setting. Seasoning should be adjusted for individual tastes.Modified from: Charley's Slow Cooker Mexican Style Meat
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
10 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
