URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62366819/vanilla-and-chocolate-semifreddo/
Title:
Vanilla and Chocolate Semifreddo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
- 100 gms (3 1/2 ounces) Amaretti biscuits
- Splash of Amaretto (Disaronno is best, I find)
- 100 gms (3 1/2 ounces) dark chocolate, at least 70% cocoa solids
- 4 eggs, separated
- 100 gms (3 1/2 ounces) caster sugar (fine ground sugar)
- 500 ml (a tad over 2 cups) whipping cream, lightly whipped
- 1 vanilla pod, slit open lengthwise and seeds scraped out

Directions:
Carefully line the base and sides of a plastic container (1 litre - 4 1/4 cups) with clingfilm wrap - ensure there are no gaps or slits or tears in it.
In a bowl, crush the biscuits and stir in a generous splash of the liqueur. Add this mixture to the plastic container, spread it evenly and then freeze this for a minimum 30 minutes.
Break up the chocolate and place in a bowl to be used above another pan of simmering water. Do not let the upper pan touch the water! Once melted, remove from the heat and leave to cool a little.
In one bowl, beat the egg yolks with the sugar (a hand whisk is just the job for this) until pale and thickened.
In another bowl, whisk the egg whites to the stiff peak stage.
Now take one third of the whites and fold gently into the yolks, taking care not to burst too many of the bubbles you have worked so hard to incorporate!
Now take this mixture and fold it gently into the remaining whites.
Finally halve the eggy mixture again, splitting it between the two bowls.
Add the melted chocolate to one of these bowls, then add the cream, another splash of the liqueur and the vanilla seeds to the second bowl.
Remove the frozen base from the freeezer, and pour into it the chocolate mixture, spreading it evenly and tapping the box on the counter a few times to dislodge any large air bubbles, and to get an even surface. Then repeat this with the vanilla mixture.
Finally, cover the surface with clingfilm, and return to the freezer. Freeze for a minimum of 12 hours.
To serve, allow to soften at room temperature for a few minutes, remove the surface clingfilm, then invert the entire thing onto a chilled plate. Remove the base clingfilm if not still in the plastic container. Cut into slices with a warm knife and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Sonya Jane
Description: 
Easy to do, and is made in advance and frozen!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
13 h, plus
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
