URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62362023/spaghetti-squash-and-spinach-casserole/
Title:
Spaghetti Squash and Spinach Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/404926.jpg
Ingredients:
- 1 medium/large spaghetti squash, halved lengthwise and seeded
- Salt and pepper
- Cooking spray
- 2 garlic cloves, minced
- 1 medium onion, chopped
- 1 can (14.5 oz) stewed tomatoes (I used Muir Glen)
- Dried parsley flakes
- 2 small packages of spinach (pre-washed)
- 2 garlic cloves, minced
- 1/2 cup fat-free ricotta cheese
- 1/4 cup reduced-fat mozzarella cheese, shredded

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425 (on roast).
Prepare a baking sheet with cooking spray.
Spray the edges of the squash halves with cooking spray. Season both with salt and pepper. Turn over and pierce the outsides with a knife or fork.
Put the squash halves in the oven, cut sides down. Roast for 35 minutes, or until tender. Remove when done, and allow to cool.
Meanwhile, spray a non-stick skillet with cooking spray. Saute the chopped onion and minced garlic for a few minutes until translucent.
Stir in tomatoes and dried parsley flakes. Cook for about 10 minutes until the sauce is thickened a bit. Cut up the larger tomatoes with kitchen shears when necessary. Cover and keep warm.
Spray another non-stick skillet with cooking spray. Cook the spinach and garlic. Remove from heat and place in another bowl.
Change the oven to BAKE at 350.
Once squash has cooled, use a fork to pull away the strings from the edges. Place into a bowl. In a casserole dish, place the tomato sauce on the bottom. Next layer the spinach, and top with the spaghetti squash. Next crumble the ricotta. Repeat the layers again (or until you run out of ingredients!) Next sprinkle the top of the dish with the shredded mozzarella.
Bake the dish for 35 minutes in the prepared oven. Remove and allow to set for 5-7 minutes,
Serve and enjoy!

Submitter: 
Sarah
Description: 
This recipe is very versatile. You can use frozen chopped spinach cooked the microwave. Use your favorite tomato sauce instead of the prepared sauce in this recipe. Switch up the cheeses. Whatever you like! The recipe can be for 6 if you like, but my mom, brother, and I split this recipe for dinner. It was so good! Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
35 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
