URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62369188/the-most-beautiful-summery-fruit-tart/
Title:
The Most Beautiful Summery Fruit Tart Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/410862.jpg
Ingredients:
Pastry:
1/2 tsp. vanilla
3 tbs. water
1 cup plus 2 tbs. flour
1/4 tsp. salt
1 tbs. sugar
1/2 cup softened butter, cut into pieces
Cream filling :
3 oz cream cheese, softened
1/2 cup sugar
1 tsp. vanilla
1 cup heavy cream, whipped
Fruit:
1 ripe kiwi, peeled and sliced into thin slices
1/3 cup fresh blueberries, washed and patted dry
5 large strawberries, washed, hulled, patted dry, and sliced
1 can (11 oz) mandarin oranges, patted dry
1/3 cup fresh raspberries, washed and patted dry

Directions:
For crust, in a small bowl, mix together vanilla and water, set aside. In a medium bowl, stir together flour, salt, and sugar. Cut in butter until it forms fine crumbs. Do not let dough become completely smooth, or pastry will be tough. Stir in enough vanilla-water to pull dough together. Chill for 15 minutes. Roll dough out into a 12" circle, gently place it in a 11" tart pan. Pat dough into place, cutting off edges and fitting the pastry along edges of pan. Place shell in the freezer to harden for at least half an hour. Bake frozen shell in a preheated 400 degree oven until lightly browned, about 10 minutes or so. Prick any large bubbles with the tip of a knife. Allow to cool completely. For filling, beat together cream cheese, sugar, and vanilla until smooth. Fold in the cream. Spread into cooled tart shell, smoothing out to reach edges. Arrange fruit over the top, covering as much of the surface as possible. You will probably have some fruit left over. Serve immediately or store in the refrigerator.

Submitter: 
larkspur
Description: 
This lovely tart is a favorite for summer birthday parties. The combination of summery fruits make this tart both beautiful and delicious!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
