URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62369626/caramel-rolls-or-hamburger-buns/
Title:
Caramel Rolls or Hamburger Buns Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 package of REGULAR Yeast
4 c Bread Flour
1/3 c of Butter
1/3 c of Sugar
1 c of WARM Water (give or take)
1/3 c of Dry Milk
(or use 1 c of warm milk. I have heard Dry Milk works
better. I have used both and found no difference. But
it's nice have dry milk on hand).
1 t salt
2 Eggs

Directions:
Add all ingredients to bread machine and run dough cycle.
Place dough ball in a greased bowl and cover w/greased wrap and let rise about 1 hours or until you poke it w/your finger and it gives to your touch, not resist. Punch down and re-cover and let rise again. The 2nd rise usually takes less time. Punch down again and let rest for 10 minutes.
HAMBURGER BUNS: Divide dough into 12 balls. (about 3 ounce each) Form into balls then flatten them some what, finish w/pushing down the edge/rim of the dough circle. Place on greased sheets and let rise about 45 min and bake in preheated 375 oven for about 13 min.
CINNAMON ROLLS: Divide dough in half. Roll each half into a 12x8 rectangle. Melt 3 T butter, spread half over dough(s). Sprinkle cinnamon/sugar combo over the rolled out, butter slopped dough. (Add raisins if desired). Roll up jellyroll style, beginning from the longest side. Pinch edges of dough together to seal firmly. Moistening the edges of the dough with water makes them easier to seal firmly. Slice each roll of dough into 12 pieces. Instead of using a sharp knife, use a piece of heavy duty thread. Place thread under the rolled dough where you want to make the cut; pull thread up from the sides. Crisscross thread across top of roll, pulling quickly as though tying a knot. Repeat with remaining dough. Place in greased 9x1 1/2 round baking pans. Cover: let rise till nearly double, about 30 to 45 min. Bake in 375 oven for 20 to 25 min.

Submitter: 
CorkiDeCat
Description: 
Basic recipe for both
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
all fricking morning
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
