URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62368801/candied-citrus-fruit-rind/
Title:
Candied Citrus Fruit Rind Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/409602.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups peel (with zest and white pith intact), fruit and sections removed, cut in 1/2” slices
1/2 cup granulated sugar
Extra sugar for rolling

Directions:
Place the peel in a heavy saucepan with a lid. Cover with 1.5 cups of water, bring to a slow boil and simmer for 10 minutes. Drain the water, reserving the peel and return it to the saucepan.
Again, cover the peel with 1.5 cups of fresh water, bring to a slow boil repeat as above.
Repeat the boiling and draining a third time. Afterwards, take a small taste of a peel; if it is overwhelmingly bitter, repeat the boiling and draining a fourth time.
Taste again; a fifth boiling may be required (generally, 4-5 boils is normal).
Return the boiled peel to the saucepan. Add 1/4 cup of water and the 1/2 cup sugar. Bring to a boil, and continue until the liquid has been all boiled away and the peel is translucent, stirring occasionally in the process – more frequently toward the end.
Keep an eye on the pan and lower the heat as needed to prevent scorching when the liquid is nearly gone. Make sure that the liquid is boiled away, or the pieces will not dry correctly.
Allow the candied rind to cool just enough so it can be handled. Spread the slices out in a single layer on one or more racks or cookie sheets to cool and become mostly dry at room temperature. If it is desired that the pieces be straight in the end, then lay each slice out straight at this time, though this is only cosmetic.
Once almost completely dry but still a little sticky, place some more granulated sugar on a plate and roll the pieces in it, coating all surfaces until the slices are no longer sticky. Allow these to dry further until they are fairly stiff.
Store in single layers separated by waxed or parchment paper in a closed container in a cool place. Keeps for 1-2 weeks.

Submitter: 
Felicia
Description: 
Chewy, tart and sweet citrus fruit rind for eating, baking or using as a garnish.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
