URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62363761/better-than-best-fried-chicken/
Title:
Better Than Best Fried Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves or a whole fryer, cut up
Mix together in a large zip lock bag:
1 (10.75 ounce) can  condensed cream of chicken soup
1 egg
2 cups buttermilk
seasoning salt to taste
Mix together in large zip lock bag:
1 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup cornstarch
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon onion powder
1 teaspoon paprika
1/2 teaspoon dried ancho pepper, or to taste
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
Oil for frying

Directions:
In a shallow dish or bowl combine the soup, egg, buttermilk and seasoning salt (be careful, as soup is already salted); mix together in large bag. Place chicken in mixture and turn to coat completely. Set aside to marinate for 45 minutes.
In a resealable plastic bag mix together the flour, cornstarch, garlic powder,onion powder, paprika,ancho powder, and pepper. One at a time, place chicken pieces in bag, seal and shake to coat. Add more flour and/or cornstarch as necessary, but add them in equal parts (there should be an equal amount of each in the mixture).
Place coated chicken on a rack and allow to sit until it becomes doughy (this is critical, to ensure crispiness when fried). This will take 45 minutes to an hour. Heat oil in a deep skillet over medium heat; be sure to use enough oil to cover chicken pieces. Once chicken is doughy, test oil by dropping a piece of the 'dough' into it; the oil is ready when it starts to fry immediately.
Fry chicken pieces in oil for about 7 to 10 minutes each for boneless breasts and 15 minutes or more for bone-in chicken, or until cooked through and juices run clear. Drain on paper towels and serve.

Submitter: 
Libby
Description: 
Simply delicious fried chicken using, of all things, cream of chicken soup! The other key ingredient is cornstarch. The end result will surprise you. It will be perfect - crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside, and loaded with mouthwatering flavor. This chicken will definitely be requested on a regular basis by family and friends!Modified from: Better Than Best Fried Chicken
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
