URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62364094/chocolate-banana-cake-with-peanut-butter-cream-cheese-frosting/
Title:
Chocolate Banana Cake with Peanut Butter Cream Cheese Frosting Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/406312.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cup(s) of all-purpose flour
1/2 cup(s) of whole wheat flour
3/4 cup(s) of granulated white sugar
1/4 cup(s) of unsweetened cocoa powder
2 tsp. of baking powder
1/2 tsp. of baking soda
1 tsp. of vanilla extract
3/4 cup(s) of low-fat buttermilk
1/3 cup(s) of unsweetened applesauce
1 large egg
1/2 cup(s) of egg whites or eggbeaters
2 large bananas, mashed
1/2 tsp. of salt
8 ounce(s) of original Philadelphia cream cheese
1/4 cup(s) of confectioners sugar
1/4 cup(s) of creamy peanut butter
1 tsp. of vanilla extract
1 Banana for topping if desired

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 F. Spray a 8 x 8 glass baking dish with nonstick cooking spray. Meanwhile, get 2 medium-sized bowls, one for the dry ingredients and one for the wet ingredients.
Starting with the dry ingredients, add in both flours, granulated sugar, cocoa powder, cinnamon, salt, baking soda, and baking powder. Set aside.
In wet ingredients bowl, start by mashing bananas. Add in applesauce, buttermilk, egg, egg whites, vanilla stirring until well combined.
Slowly add in the wet ingredients into the dry ingredient bowl and stir until just combined. Pour into baking dish and put into preheated oven for 30-35 minutes or until toothpick inserted comes out clean.
Meanwhile, prepare frosting by placing cream cheese(right out of the fridge temp), peanut butter, vanilla, and powdered sugar and beat with hand mixer until a creamy consistency is formed.
Once cake is cooled for at least 30 minutes, take a rubber spatula and run in around the cake. Spray a cookie sheet lightly and tip pan upside down onto sheet and tap lightly until cake comes out.
Take frosting and frost the bottom layer evenly. Then top with next layer and frost the top and sides until covered. Cut into 8 pieces.
Thinly slice up extra banana and top cake slices if desired.

Submitter: 
CaSaundraLeigh
Description: 
Inspired by Elvis's famous peanut butter banana sandwich, I took this to the next level by incorporating the flavors into a moist and simple cake. But who can have a cake without frosting? Not me! A creamy peanut butter cream cheese frosting tops this off and makes it my one-of-a-kind cake filled with four favorite flavors. I think Elvis would be proud!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
