URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62362777/apple-souffle/
Title:
Apple Soufflé Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
- 450 gms (1 pound) cooking Apples, peeled and cored
- A little cornflour or plain flour, if you like a thicker Apple Purée
- Butter or spray oil to grease the soufflé dish(es)
- 5 large eggs, separated (whites required, use the yolks for a custard!)
- A couple of drops of lemon juice
- 100 gms (3 1/2 ounces) icing sugar plus a little for dusting

Directions:
In a pan, with a little water, boil the apples until cooked. Drain.
Liquidise the cooked fruit. We want a VERY dry purée, dry and stiff - a spoonful should hold its form when put onto a plate. It can be thickened with a teaspoon of flour/cornflour and heating slowly until boiling. (Next step will require a cool purée!)
The temperature and time required depends on the size of your soufflé dishes - see the footnotes.
Preheat the oven.
Grease the soufflé dish(es) - best is to stroke the grease vertically in the dish to help it rise. But avoid fats in the filling!
Whisk the egg whites with the lemon juice drops until stiff (turn the bowl upside down - if they stay in the bowl, the whites are ready!)
Now beat in the sugar, by adding it in four or five batches. Taste for required sweetness. Keep beating until very stiff and glossy.
Take one third of the egg white and gently fold it into the apple purée (we need to be gentle to not burst all those air bubbles we have just whisked so hard to get).
Now fold this mixture back into the rest of the egg white.
Fill the dishes right to the top, and tap (quite hard) the dish on the counter to remove any air pockets.
Clean off any excess with a palette knife, ensuring NO mixture over the rims (this will cook too quickly and drag on the rising soufflés)
Dust the top(s) with a little more icing sugar
Place in the oven and cook using the times shown in the footnotes as a guide - the soufflés should rise until roughly double the original height
Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Sonya Jane
Description: 
A super easy dessert that is very impressive when you serve it! The Apple purée can be made a day in advance to cut down your time.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m plus 10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
