URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62369003/pina-colada-cheesecake/
Title:
Pina Colada Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/409830.jpg
Ingredients:
Crust:
15  coconut macroons finely chopped in food processor
2 tablespoons melted butter
Cheesecake:
1 large can(20oz.)crushed pineapple drained *save the juice
1 c. of the saved pineapple juice
1 pkg. "Jello" Pina Colada gelatin or Island Pineapple gelatin
3 pkg. cream cheese
1 can sweetened condensed milk
1 c. cream of coconut
3 large eggs
1 tsp. rum extract
2 tbls. corn starch
Topping:
3/4 c. cream of coconut
2 c. sour cream
Pineapple topping
1 large can of crushed pineapple w/juice
1/2 c. sugar
3 tbls. cornstarch
*Optional:
5 pineapple slices cut in half

Directions:
Crust:
Combine cr.macroons with butter. Press into 9 " springform pan. Bake at 350 for 10 min. Let cool.
*If you are going to use the slice pineapple to decorate.  Arrange slices around the sides of the springform once cooled.
Cheesecake: *Pre-heat oven to 325. Set a pan of boiling water on bottom rack.  Cheesecake will bake in rack above the water.
Boil pineapple juice add to gelatin, dissolve, cool.
Beat cr. cheese with condensed milk and cream of coconut until no lumps. (Don't over beat.)
Add the gelatin, rum extract and corn starch. Mix to blend together.
Beat in eggs one at a time.
Fold in the pineapple.  Pour into springform.
Bake at 320 for 1 hour 15 minutes.
Toppings:
Mix cr. of coconut with sour cream.  When cake is done cooking, leave it in oven and wait for 10 minutes, then pour this mixture onto the top of cheesecake.  * Let cake cool in the oven for several hours with the door closed.
Pineapple topping:
Boil the pineapple and sugar.  Mix in the cornstarch and cook until mixture is thick.  Spread onto cooled cake.

Submitter: 
Barbara Gilhuly
Description: 
I had been on a Caribbean Cruise and enjoyed the Pina Colada's on the ship so I wanted to duplicate the taste into a cheesecsake.  I brought it to school and the teachers raved about it.  Though this recipe has many steps, it is well worth the effort.
I make mine in the evening, then I can let it set over night in the oven.  This prevents cracks in the cake.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
