URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62374442/ww-provencal-beef-daube-with-mushrooms-8-pt/
Title:
ww Provençal Beef Daube with Mushrooms 8 pt Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
24 oz lean beef round, top, or (1 1/2 pounds) trimmed of all visible fat and cut into 11/2-inch chunks
1 cup(s) red wine, dry
1 tsp orange zest, or 3 (4 x 1/2-inch) strips
1 tsp dried rosemary
1 tsp dried thyme
1 Tbsp olive oil
1 large red onion(s), coarsely chopped
2 medium garlic clove(s), minced
3/4 cup(s) water, boiling
14 1/2 oz plum tomato(es), can, Italian, cut up
1 tsp table salt
1/4 tsp black pepper, freshly ground
1/2 oz dried mushrooms, container, imported
6 medium carrot(s), sliced
1 pound(s) cremini mushrooms, fresh, or white mushrooms, halved
4 cup(s) cooked ziti, hot

Directions:
Combine the beef, wine, 2 of the orange strips, 1/2 teaspoon of the rosemary, and 1/2 teaspoon of the thyme in a bowl; toss well. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours or up to overnight, turning the meat occasionally.
Drain the beef, reserving the wine. Wipe the herbs off the beef and discard along with the orange zest. Pat the beef dry.
Heat the oil in a nonstick Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add half of the beef. Cook until lightly browned on all sides, about 4 minutes. Transfer the beef to a plate. Repeat with the remaining beef.
Reduce the heat to medium. Add the onion, garlic, and 1/4 cup of the water to the pot. Cook, stirring, until onion is translucent, 3–5 minutes. Return the beef with any accumulated juices to the pot. Add the tomatoes with their juice, salt, pepper, the reserved wine, the remaining orange strip, 1/2 teaspoon rosemary, and 1/2 teaspoon thyme; bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, covered, 1 hour.
Add the carrots, the fresh and dried mushrooms, and the mushroom liquid to the pot. Simmer, covered, until the meat and carrots are fork-tender, about 1 hour, partially covering the stew for the last 30 minutes. Serve with the pasta. Yields 1 1/2 cups stew with 2/3 cup pasta per serving.

Submitter: 
Shyn52
Description: 
In One Pot, from Weight Watchers Publishing Group 
main meals
 A daube is a stew cooked in a round, earthenware casserole called a daubière. Its shape prevents the stew’s liquid from evaporating too quickly while it simmers.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
