URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62378852/aglio-e-olio-alla-fremont/
Title:
Aglio e Olio alla Fremont Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/416758.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup hazelnuts, pieces or whole
1/2 pound spaghetti
1/3 cup extra virgin olive oil (enough to cover pan bottom)
3 garlic cloves, freshly chopped (up to a full bunch to taste)
2 peperoncinis in vinegar, sliced (more or less to taste)
1/4 cup sun-dried tomatoes, packed in olive oil, sliced (about 3-4)
1 teaspoon anchovy paste
1/4 cup marsala wine
8 large greek olives or Kalamatas (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.  Spread hazelnuts on a cookie sheet and toast until they become fragrant (about 10 minutes for whole nuts, 6-7 minutes for pieces).
Remove nuts from oven and allow to cool.  Optionally, remove the bitter paper-like skins by rubbing them between your palms.
Grind the nuts or crush them thoroughly in a bag with a rolling pin (reduced to small pieces, short of powder).
Bring a pot of salted water to a rolling boil.  Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat (add more if it does not coat the bottom of the pan).
Meanwhile, chop the garlic, slice the peperoncini and tomatoes.
Add spaghetti to boiling water.
Meanwhile, sauté the garlic and peperoncini in the oil until the garlic becomes golden, about 3 minutes.
Add sun-dried tomatoes and hazelnuts, along with the anchovy paste, and saute for about 2 minutes.
Remove the skillet from the heat until the pasta finishes cooking (the garlic will continue to brown; watch out, you don’t want it to blacken and become bitter).
When the spaghetti are just shy of being al dente, drain it well and transfer them to the oil skillet.
Add the marsala wine, and toss everything for 2-3 minutes over medium heat.
Split into servings, and top with olives if you wish.  The true Roman style is without grated Parmesan on top, but if you love the stuff, it's fine with as well.

Submitter: 
Patrick Lipo
Description: 
When my family moved away from Seattle, one of the things we missed the most was a pasta dish from one of our favorite restaurants.  I worked to recreate it from a number of similar recipes, but it required some improvisation because there's nothing like it.  The garlic is an integral part, and if you love the stuff, you can dial it up to a full bunch.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
