URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62371735/lemon-mascarpone-charlotte/
Title:
Lemon Mascarpone Charlotte Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/411798.jpg
Ingredients:
3 medium lemons
1/2 teaspoon lemon extract
1/4 cup + 2 tablespoons granulated sugar
4 tablespoon boiling water
2 packages lady finger cookies (savoiardi works best)
6 egg yolks
1 1/4 cups mascarpone cheese
2 cups heavy whipping cream (1 500-mL carton)

Directions:
Zest and juice the lemons.  Set aside half of the lemon zest.  Dissolve sugar in boiling water, then add half of the lemon zest and lemon juice to make lemon syrup.  Set aside to let cool.
Meanwhile, combine egg yolks and 2 tablespoons of sugar in medium bowl on the top of a double boiler, over boiling water. Reduce heat to low and cook for about 10 minutes, stirring constantly. Remove from heat and whip yolks until thick and lemon colored.
Add mascarpone cheese, reserved lemon zest and lemon extract to whipped egg yolks. Beat at medium speed until smooth.
In a separate bowl, whip heavy cream to stiff peaks. Gently fold 1/3 of the whipped cream into yolk mixture then fold the yolk mixture into the rest of the whipped cream.
Line the bottom of an 8" springform pan with parchment paper.  Quickly dip lady finger cookies into lemon syrup, then place them along the bottom and side of the pan. Spoon half of the mascarpone cream over the lady fingers, then top with a layer of lady finger cookies dipped in lemon syrup.  Finish with a layer of mascarpone cream.
Optional Garnish:  very thinly slice lemon then cover in granulated sugar on both sides of the slices.  Make a cut only to the center, then taking one open "end" in each hand, twist in opposite directions.  Gently place on top of the cake.
Refrigerate covered for at least 4 hours.  Remove from fridge at least 15 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
moosie
Description: 
I didn't want to make tiramisu without good-quality dark chocolate, and I thought we needed something more refreshing in the hot weather anyway, so I improvised with what I had on hand and it turned out to be a hit!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
