URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62377664/simple-chicken-stock-risotto/
Title:
Simple Chicken Stock Risotto Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 Tablespoons of olive oil
2 Tablespoons butter
1 teaspoon salt (or to taste)
1/2 teaspoon black pepper (or to taste)
1 teaspoon of ground thyme (or to taste)
2 medium yellow onions, chopped
3 Tablespoons finely diced garlic
1/2 cup of dry white wine, Marsala wine or dry sherry
3 cups of Arborio rice
12 cups of chicken stock
1/4 cup grated Asiago cheese

Directions:
In a large sauce-pan, bring chicken stock up to a simmer.
In a second large saucepan, combine olive oil, butter, spices, garlic and onions.  Bring the pan to medium-high heat and cook until the onions and garlic are transparent.  Add the dry rice and your chosen wine to this mixture, stir and blend until the oil and wine is absorbed and there is a hint of brown at the bottom of the pan.
Add the first cup of simmering broth to the rice mixture and stir it in.  Stir constantly as the broth is absorbed and steams off your rice.  When the bottom of the pan is beginning to show as you stir, add the second cup of hot broth.
Continue stirring until the broth is absorbed once more, and add the third cup.  Repeat this one more time, until you have added the first four cups of your broth to the mix.
Turn the heat under the rice down from medium-high to medium, and keep stirring.  At medium heat, slowly add the next four cups of broth to the rice, one cup at a time, cotinuing to stir the risotto and waiting each time until the broth is absorbed before adding the next cup.  By the fifth or sixth cup of broth, the creamy starch will begin to tease out of the rice.  After the 8th cup is absorbed, turn the heat under the rice down to low.
Slowly add the last 4 cups of broth, one at a time, waiting each time.  At low heat the risotto will need less stirring, but keep an eye on it to know when to add the next cup and prevent any burning, scorching or sticking to your pan.  The last two cups will absorb very slowly.
When the last cup is added and the rice is still "saucy", add the asiago cheese and blend it into the mix.  Turn up the heat to medium low and stir continually to thicken and stiffen the risotto.

Submitter: 
Arinn Dembo
Description: 
This is a recipe for a very moist, rich, creamy and thick risotto which does not use any cheats like a can of cream soup to achieve its texture and taste.  It is the foundation upon which a great many variations can be built.  Possible variation ingredients to add or substitute include:  pesto, carmelized onion, mushroom, roasted corn, salmon and vegetarian risotto.  At our house it is typically paired with a light entree like a chicken breast or a salmon fillet and a simple side vegetable, because the rice is very rich!  But it can also become an entree with some added protein.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
