URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62372234/jennys-chicken-piccata/
Title:
Jenny's Chicken Piccata Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/412092.jpg
Ingredients:
6 servings 4oz Chicken Breast
1/4 cup + 2 Tbsp all-purpose Flour
1 tsp seasoned salt
1/4 tsp finely minced basil, fresh
1/4 tsp ground white pepper
2 Tbsp olive oil
1 tsp kosher salt
1/2 tsp ground black pepper
2 Tbsp unsalted butter
3 Tbsp capers
2 tsp olive oil
3 Tbsp shallots, or onions
2 or 3 cloves garlic, minced
3/4 cup dry white wine
1 cup chicken stock
1/4 cup lemon juice, freshly squeezed
2 tsp kosher salt
1/2 cup heavy cream
1 1/2 1b of spaghetti, cooked. (1 1/2 boxes)

Directions:
Place the chicken breasts between sheets of waxed paper or plastic wrap and pound them to a thickness of 1/4 to 3/8 inch. You can also ask your butcher to do this for you.
Combine the flour, seasoned salt, basil, and white pepper in a pie plate. Coat each chicken breast with this mixture and shake off any excess. Lay the chicken pieces on another dish (they may be stacked).
Heat half the oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Cook half the chicken breasts in the hot oil on one side until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Carefully turn the chicken and cook on the other side for about another minute. Remove the first half of the chicken pieces to a platter. Heat the remaining oil and repeat with the remaining chicken. Cover the cooked chicken with foil or place in oven preheated to 175 degrees F to keep warm.
For the piccata sauce heat a heavy saucepan over medium heat. Add the oil. Add the shallots and garlic, and cook, stirring constantly to prevent them from burning, for about 2-3 min. Stir in the wine and simmer for 5 min. Stir in the stock, lemon juice, and salt and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer for 10 minutes.
Pour the sauce through a fine-mesh strainer, and return to pan.  Add cream and whisk to combine.  Add black pepper, butter and capers to the piccata sauce.
Pour the piccata sauce over the chicken.  Serve with a side of spaghetti.  I like to toss my spaghetti in a little garlic flavored olive oil. I don't toss the spaghetti with with sauce because at least for me its too tangy that way.  Serving it family style allows each person to spoon as much/little sauce over their spaghetti as they like.

Submitter: 
karmicflower
Description: 
My husband and I visited California Pizza Kitchen on our anniversary and he had their Chicken Piccata and loved it.  Considering how expensive it is to eat there on a regular basis, I decided to make a copycat recipe.  I love recipe sleuthing.  Now he begs me to make him my version, and tells me he would rather have mine over the restaurant version any day.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
