URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62370713/dak-dori-tang-spicy-korean-chicken-stew/
Title:
Dak Dori Tang (Spicy Korean Chicken Stew) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/411032.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 cup soy sauce
2 teaspoons sesame oil
3 tbsp gochujang or other Asian spice paste
1/2 tsp chili powder
1 tbsp brown sugar
1 tbsp minced fresh garlic
1/2 tbsp minced fresh ginger
Vegetable oil for frying
2 chicken breasts, chopped in 1" pieces
2 medium potatoes, peeled and diced
3 medium carrots, peeled and thickly sliced
1 small onion, cut into 8 wedges
1 habanero pepper, seeded, deveined, and finely chopped
1 leek, trimmed and thinly sliced
4 cups water or chicken stock (enough to cover veggies and meat)

Directions:
In a medium bowl, stir together soy sauce, sesame oil, gochujang, chili powder, brown sugar, garlic, and ginger. Set aside.
Heat vegetable oil in a large soup pot. Stir in chicken until browned on all sides and cooked through, about 10 minutes. Transfer to the bowl with the flavour paste and marinate cooked chicken while stir-frying vegetables.
Add potatoes, carrots, and onion to the soup pot, adding more vegetable oil if needed. Cook for about 10 minutes, stirring frequently, until onions are translucent. Add the habanero pepper and cook for 1 more minute.
Add about 2 cups of water to the pot. Add the chicken with all of the marinade back and stir well to incorporate. Add more water as needed to cover all the vegetables and meat, or to reach desired consistency.
Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer until vegetables are tender. Serve with white rice to dilute spiciness.

Submitter: 
PolkaDot
Description: 
A flavourful, spicy dish with chicken. I learned how to make this from a Korean exchange student who stayed with my boyfriend's family. Serve with white sticky rice spooned overtop.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
