URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62374687/gulf-coast-cioppino/
Title:
Gulf Coast Cioppino Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup butter
2 tblsp olive oil
2 sm-med onions, chopped
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 bunch fresh flat parsley, chopped
1 sm bunch fresh basil, chopped
1 (14.5 ounce) cans stewed tomatoes
1 sm. can tomatoe paste
1 32 oz. box low-sodium, free range chicken broth
2 bay leaves
1 teaspoon dried thyme
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes
1 1/2 cups white wine
1 1/2 pounds large shrimp - peeled and deveined
16 oz. container fresh lump crabmeat
1 1/2 pounds white fish (eg. cod, hallibut) fillets, cut into 2 in. cubes
Salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Over medium-low heat add butter and olive oil in a large stockpot until butter melts, add onions, garlic, chopped basil and parsley. Season raw vegetables with salt and pepper.  Cook slowly, stirring occasionally until onions are soft and translucent.
Add stewed tomatoes to the pot (break them into chunks as you add them). Add chicken broth, bay leaves, thyme, oregano, tomato paste and wine. Mix well and bring to a boil. Cover with lid, reduce heat and simmer about 30 minutes - a little longer if you'd like.
A few minutes before serving, stir in the fish, and bring pot to boil.  Lower heat, cover and simmer 2-3 minutes.  Stir in shrimp and crab meat, bring to boil, cover and simmer an additional 2-3 minutes.  Fish should be fully coooked, but firm.  Shrimp should be pink, but not hard and rubbery.
Ladle Cioppino into bowls.  Garnish with reserved sprigs of basil.  For a kick, add a dash or two of Louisiana hot sauce.  Be sure to serve with warm, crusty bread!

Submitter: 
JCFawcett
Description: 
A variation of the classic seafood stew that leaves out many of the shellfish items (mussels, scallops, clams) in favor of more tradtional Gulf Coast ingredients. It is a bit more savory, and less tomatoey than more traditional Cioppino recipes.  At the price of seafood these days, it's a casual, but expensive special day meal.  Delicious served with a loaf of warmed crusty bread such as ciabatta or sourdough.Modified from: Cioppino
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
60 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
