URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62379618/crispy-meringue-pavlova/
Title:
Crispy Meringue Pavlova Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/417441.jpg
Ingredients:
3 egg whites
3/4 cup sugar
1 tsp corn starch
Whipped cream, unsweetened
Fresh fruit

Directions:
Separate egg whites into a clean bowl and leave to adjust to room temperature. If refrigerated, this may take up to 45 mins.
Mark a 9-inch circle on a baking parchment sheet and place on a baking tray.
Preheat oven to 300F.
Whisk egg whites on LOW until frothy, continue to beat as you sprinkle in the corn starch.
Increase whisk speed to MEDIUM and beat until soft, bubbly peaks form. The peaks will still flop over.
Continue to beat as you add the sugar, half a tablespoon at a time. By the time you are half-way through adding the sugar you should notice the mixture begin to stiffen. Increase the whisk speed to FAST and continue to add sugar as before. Do resist the temptation to fold in the sugar, as if you do your mixture could sink and result in an unusable sludge.
When finished adding sugar, continue to beat on FAST for a further 4-5 mins. You should then be able to turn the bowl upside down without disturbing the stiff mixture.
Spoon the mixture onto the baking parchment, filling the circle and smoothing as best you can.
Place in center of oven and lower the temperature immediately to 200F. Bake for 3 hours.
Switch off oven and leave in oven for at least 1 hour (overnight is better) before opening door.
Before you serve, whip some fresh cream (do not sweeten!), spoon it on top and garnish with fresh fruit (pineapple, strawberries etc all work well, though you may prefer a tart fruit to contrast the sweetness of the meringue.

Submitter: 
Oisín Ó Searcóid
Description: 
A melt-in-your-mouth crispy meringue pavlova. This classic show-stopping dessert will make your baking an immediate hit!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30mins - 1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
