URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62376539/jans-deli-style-sandwich-rolls/
Title:
Jan's Deli Style Sandwich Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/414988.jpg
Ingredients:
2 packets of active dry yeast
2 cups warm water (divided)
1/3 cup oil
4 tablespoons sugar (divided)
2 teaspoons salt
6 - 6 1/2 cups bread flour
1 tablespoon vital wheat gluten
1 - 2 tablespoons Non-Diastatic Malt Powder (optional but recommended - King Arthur website has it)

Directions:
Dissolve yeast in 1/2 cup warm water with 1 tbsp sugar along with the Non-Diastatic Malt powder, if using it.   Mixture should be thick and foamy in about 5 minutes.
Place remaining 1 1/2 cups warm water in bread machine along with the oil, salt, remaining sugar and 5 cups of bread flour. Add yeast mixture.
Set machine for dough cycle and start to mix.
Allow dough to incorporate well.  Add remaining flour 1/2 cup at a time until dough forms a soft ball and pulls away from pan. You may or may not need the entire amount of flour. Let the machine finish the cycle.
Once cycle is complete turn dough out onto an oiled work surface. Oil hands lightly. Dough should be soft but not sticking to your hands. Knead until all gas is removed.
Divide dough into 14 portions. (or whatever suits your needs).
Roll dough into smooth balls and flatten to approximately 3/4 inch thick.
Place dough balls on a baking sheet covered in cornmeal, 2 or more inches apart. Sprinkle cornmeal over surface of dough.
Cover with a towel and let rise until doubled - about 30 minutes.
Bake at 400 degrees approximately 25 to 30 minutes.  If using an insta-read thermometer the internal temp should reach 210 degrees. Bake until rolls are quite brown and sound hollow when tapped.  Rolls should feel hard but will soften as they cool.
Allow rolls to cool completely before slicing.
Variations:
Once dough has risen you can score the tops in an X to give them some room to expand and also for design.  Bake immediately.
Brushing tops of risen dough, just prior to baking, with milk or an egg wash will aid in browning if you do not have a convection oven.
Use an egg wash if you want to add sesame, poppy or other toppings to your rolls.

Submitter: 
What's for dinner, mom?
Description: 
Crispy outside, soft and moist inside with just the right amount of chew a hearty deli roll should have.  Makes a great hamburger/sloppy Joe/loose meat/steak sandwich roll too!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
14
Nutritional Facts:
NA
