URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62374211/pesce-spada-grillata/
Title:
Pesce Spada Grillata Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
- 200 ml (0.85 Cups) in total of EVOO, note that the first requirement is half of this!
- Juice of 1 medium/large lemon
- 50 gms (1 3/4 ounces, approximately 2 Tablespoons) Capers
- 100 gms (3 1/2 ounces) sultanas
- Freshly milled black pepper
- 4 swordfish steaks, each around 5 ounces and about 1 inch thick
- 20 ml (3 Tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon) cider vinegar
- 2 Tablepoons finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley
- Sea-salt

Directions:
Make a marinade by mixing togther 100 ml (half of the original quantity) of the EVOO and all the lemon juice in a shallow dish. Add half the capers and half the sultanas and some black pepper, and stir vigorously to mix throughly and evenly. But do not crush the capers and sultanas too much when doing this. Add the fish steaks and coat thoroughly, cover and set aside for at least 30 minutes.
Preheat a griddle pan, or use your BBQ with a grill pan on top of the rack (this prevents burning oil smoke spoiling the taste!) and remove the fish steaks from the marinade.
Brush the cooking pan with some of the EVOO and then sear the swordfish for 2 or 3 minutes on either side, rotating the fish about 45° halfway through, to get a nice griddle pattern on the surfaces.
Mix the remaining EVOO with the cider vinegar, the remaining capers and sultanas and the parsley.
Add a pinch or two of sea-salt to the presentation side of the swordfish steak, place on the serving plate, and pour the caper and sultana dressing over the top. See the footnotes for further serving suggestions.

Submitter: 
Sonya Jane
Description: 
The name means Grilled Swordfish. This is my take of a standard southern Italian dish, brought to another level with Moorish influences. My absolute favorite fish steak, and yet so stunningly simple.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m plus marinading
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
