URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62374917/black-bottom-cream-cheese-chippers/
Title:
Black Bottom Cream Cheese Chippers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/413770.jpg
Ingredients:
1 box brownie mix (I used a dark chocolate mix that is made in a 9 x 9 pan, do not use a family size box)
ingredients for mix- oil and 1 egg and brewed coffee to replace water called for on the box.
20 ounces cream cheese, room temp
1/2 cup granulated sugar
2 eggs, large, at room temp
2 tsp vanilla
1 cup chocolate chips, mini
10 TB butter, unsalted, room temp but not completely softened
2/3 cup light brown sugar
6 TB granulated sugar
1/4 tsp salt
2 tso vanilla
1 1/2 cup All Purpose Flour
2 cups chocolate chips, full size

Directions:
Line a 9 x 13 baking pan with foil. Grease foil lightly.
Brownie Layer- Prepare brownie according to mix, replacing water with brewed coffee. (Or use your favorite chewy brownie recipe)
Spread brownie layer into the bottom of the pan.
Cheese Cake Layer- Cream softened cream cheese and sugar together until light and fluffy. Add in vanilla and eggs and mix until well combined. Stir in mini chips. Mixture should be loose enough to to spoon over brownie layer. Gently spoon mixture over brownies, convering the entire surface of the brnowine.
Chocolate Chip Layer - Mix butter and sugars until light and fluffy. Since butter is not completely soft it will be as fluffy as regular cooie dough.
Add salt and vanilla. Mix to combine. Add in flour and combine. Add in chips, the mixture should be crumbly and the chips will not be completely incorporated. Spribkle crumble over cheese cake layer, should cover entire surface. Press very lightly. Bake in 350 degree oven for 30 minutes.
Cool in pan for 30 minutes then move to fridge, cool for 2 hours then remove from pan and continue to cool completely, overnight in the freezer is best. Peel back foil and cut into 36 squares. I found that the cookie crumble softens nicely after freezing and defrosting.

Submitter: 
sugarbean
Description: 
The best of a bake sale all in one bar. Rich chewy brownies, decadent chocolate chip cheese cake and crispy chocolate chip crumble layered to together to create the ultimate decadent treat.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
36
Nutritional Facts:
NA
