URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62372428/big-daddys-beer-can-chicken/
Title:
Big Daddy's Beer Can Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/3 cup brown sugar
2 tablespoons chili powder
2 tablespoons paprika
2 teaspoons dry mustard
1 tablespoon seasalt
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/2 (12 fluid ounce) can beer
1 (3 pound) whole chicken
1 teaspoon Big Daddy's Chis Chicken Rub
1/2 cup white vinegar
juice of 3 lemons
2 tablespoons of honey

Directions:
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat, about 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Mix the brown sugar, chili powder, paprika, dry mustard, sea salt, Big Daddy's Chia Chicken Ruband ground black pepper in a small bowl. Place the half-full can of beer in the center of a plate.
Rinse chicken under cold running water. Discard giblets and neck from chicken; drain and pat dry. Fit whole chicken over the can of beer with the legs on the bottom; keep upright. Sprinkle 1 teaspoon of the seasoning mix into the top cavity of the chicken. The beer may foam up when the seasonings fall inside the can. Rub the remaining seasoning mix over the entire surface of the chicken.
Place the chicken, standing on the can, directly on the preheated grill. Occasionally brush vinegar mixed with lemon, honey and sea salt, lose the lid and barbeque the chicken until no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear, about 1 hour 15 minutes.  An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh, near the bone should read 180 degrees F (82 degrees C). Remove the chicken from the grill and discard the beer can. Cover the chicken with a doubled sheet of aluminum foil, and allow to rest in a warm area for 10 minutes before slicing.

Submitter: 
BIG DADDY'S
Description: 
This delicious whole chicken is barbequed on top of an open beer can for added juiciness and flavor.Modified from: Beer Can Chicken
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
