URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62378653/pollo-con-nopales-chicken-with-cactus/
Title:
Pollo con Nopales (Chicken with Cactus) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/416652.jpg
Ingredients:
3 Boneless skinless chicken breasts
1/2 tablespoon seasoned salt and a dash of pepper
8 Small tomatillos
1/2 White onion-sliced
2 Garlic cloves-diced
2 jalapenos-Seed and cut in half
1 Chicken Bouillon cube
2 Tablespoons Vegetable oil for frying
1/4 Teaspoon cumin
1/4 Jalapeno salt
1/4 Mexican oregano
15 Oz jar nopales (cactus) drained and rinsed
1 tablespoon corn starch mixed with 2 tablespoons warm water.
Salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Dice chicken into small peices.  Place in stock pot and cover with water.  Add, salt,bayleaf and pepper.  Let boil until chicken is tender, about 30 minutes.  Once tender remove chicken from pot with slotted spoon and set aside (go to step 2).  Drain all water from pot except about 1 cup. In remaining 1 cup of water add tomatillos, onion, jalapeno, galic.  Boil them until tomatillos are golden brown.
Heat oil in skillet.  Using a slotted spoon remove chicken and add to oil.  Fry chicken until golden brown on all sides.  Set aside.
Once tomatillos are brown add everything to blender (including water).  Blend until smooth.  Pour back into stock pot, add chicken in also.  Add the cumin, jalapeno salt, oregano.  Bring to boil.  Once mixture is boiling prepare corn starch and water.  Slowly stir the corn starch mixture into pot.  This will help it thicken (if it's thick enough then you may skip this step).
Drain and rinse nopales.  Add nopales to stock pot also.  Boil for about 15-20 minutes.
Serve with rice and tostados.

Submitter: 
Sherbear1
Description: 
I made this recipe as a request of one of the AR members.  I usually make it with beef and a red sauce with nopales, but this version turned out awesome also!  This is best served over a bed of buttered chicken rice and scooped up with tostados.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
