URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62371282/spanish-ensalada-mixta-salamanca/
Title:
Spanish Ensalada Mixta Salamanca Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/411445.jpg
Ingredients:
1 head Romaine Lettuce, in bite size pieces
1 cup Frisee lettuce, mache, Arugula or other mixed greens
2 ea. Roma tomatoes, cut into 8 pieces each
1 cucumber, peeled, seeded and sliced
1/2 cup pitted green olives, stuffed with anchovies or pitted black Kalamata olives
1 can 15 oz. white asparagus spears
1 red or orange bell pepper, sliced in long thin strips
1/2 red onion, peeled and sliced thin
1/2 cup grated carrot (*You can buy grated carrots in the grocery, which makes it so easy)
1 ea. 6-oz can tuna, packed in oil, drained
2 hard boiled eggs, peeled and cut into quarters
1/8 cup Sherry vinegar (or Red wine vinegar or Champagne vinegar)
1/4 cup extra virgin Spanish olive oil
Splash of fresh Lemon Juice
Salt (preferably sea or Kosher salt) to taste
Coarsely ground black pepper to taste
Optional:
1/2 cup corn niblets, drained well
1 small jar artichoke hearts, packed in oil, drained
2 small red potatoes, peeled, cooked and sliced into thin rounds

Directions:
Hard boil the eggs, cool then peel. Cut into quarters, or thick slices. (*If using potatoes, also cook, cool, then slice them)
Peel and slice cucumbers and slice the red (or orange) peppers. Grate the carrot. Open the cans of the other ingredients and drain each one.
Place the lettuce on a large serving platter or pretty salad bowl. On top of the bed of lettuce, "artistically arrange" the tomatoes, cucumbers, onions, peppers and carrots (and potatoes, corn and/or artichokes, if using). Then spread out the tuna around the bed of lettuce, breaking it up into small chunks with a fork. Place the egg slices, asparagus, olives and baby corn ears (or corn niblets) and artichoke hearts on top.
Mix oil, vinegar and splash of lemon juice and sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste. Mix well and then evenly pour over salad on serving plate.
Note: You do not need to follow this recipe exactly.. Each family in Spain has their own version of ensalada mixta, so it is slightly different in every household--Very versatile salad.

Submitter: 
Sherbg
Description: 
My interpretation of a salad I ate at Restaurante Salamanca in Barcelona on my birthday and loved!  This Ensalada Mixta (Mixed Salad) is common throughout Spain and is delicious.  Every family has their own variation, you can adapt the recipe to fit your own taste.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min.
Ready in:
25 min.
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
