URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62371797/hamburger-buns--modified-for-bread-machine/
Title:
Hamburger Buns -modified for bread machine Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/411826.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup water (warmed to 100 degrees)
2 1/4 tsp active dry yeast
2 tablespoon white sugar
1 cup buttermilk
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
5 cups bread flour (plus flour for shaping buns)
2 tablespoons butter
1 egg yolk
1 tablespoon water
*toasted sesame seeds as desired (optional)

Directions:
Combine the warm water, yeast, and 2 tbsp sugar in breadmaker pan. Let stand about 10 minutes till very fizzy.  Add buttermilk to yeast mixture. Add bread flour, salt and butter to breadpan. Set breadmaker to regular dough setting.  When dough cycle is completed, remove from breadpan onto lightly floured surface. Divide dough into 12 equal portions. Make tight rounds of dough by pulling the dough tightly around and pinching it at the bottom. Place on two flat baking sheets lined with parchment paper or aluminum foil.  After the rolls sit for a minute and relax, flatten each ball with the palm of your hand until it is 3 to 4 inches wide. You may want to oil your hand first.
Lay a clean dry dishtowel over rolls and set aside until doubled in size, about 20 minutes. Meanwhile preheat oven to 400 degrees.
Mix together the egg yolk and 1 tablespoon of water in a cup or small bowl. Brush the tops of the rolls with egg mixture and sprinkle with toasted sesame seeds.
Position 2 oven racks so they are not too close to the top or bottom of the oven (2nd and 4th rack in 5 rack oven).  Bake for 10 minutes in the preheated oven. Remove the rolls from the oven and swap racks so each sheet spends a little time on the top.  Continue to bake for another 5 to 10 minutes, or until nicely browned on the top and bottom.

Submitter: 
Sandie's Kitchen
Description: 
These Hamburger Buns are wonderful for making deli sandwiches too. They freeze well for up to a month when carefully wrapped and sealed in freezer bag.Modified from: Belle's Hamburger Buns
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
2 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
