URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62377746/coconut-lime-cheesecake/
Title:
Coconut-Lime Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3/4 cup sweetened flaked coconut
3/4 cup crushed gingersnap cookies
3 tablespoons melted butter
3 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese, softened
1 (10 ounce) can cream of coconut
1 tablespoon lime zest
2 tablespoons lime juice
1 tablespoon coconut extract

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9-inch springform pan.
Combine the coconut, gingersnap cookies, and melted butter in a bowl; mix until evenly moistened. Press the cookie mixture into the bottom and slightly up the sides of the prepared pan.
Bake the crust in the preheated oven until browned and set, about 10 minutes. Set aside to cool.
Reduce oven heat to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C).
Beat the softened cream cheese in mixer bowl until smooth. With beater set to medium-low, slowly pour the coconut milk into the bowl, mixing only until just blended, stopping to scrape the sides of the bowl as necessary. Add the eggs, individually, allowing the first to blend into the mixture before adding the second; again, scrape the sides of the bowl as necessary.
Pour about half of the cream cheese batter into a separate bowl. Stir the lime juice and lime zest into the portion in the new bowl; pour the batter over the crust in the springform pan, smoothing into an even layer.
Stir the coconut extract through the remaining cream cheese batter; pour over the lime-flavored batter in the springfom pan, smoothing into an even layer.
Bake in the preheated oven until the top of the cheesecake springs back when gently pressed, about 45 minutes. Turn oven heat off, but leave cheesecake inside with oven door slightly ajar until the oven cools completely. Refrigerate until completely chilled.

Submitter: 
Lori Kirchner Zwahlen
Description: 
This tropical-inspired cheesecake features a ginger-coconut crust and two divine layersModified from: Coconut-Lime Cheesecake with Mango Coulis
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
9 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
