URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62374480/picadillo/
Title:
Picadillo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 dried ancho chiles
½ cup hot water
1 medium-size white onion
2 large ripe tomatoes or 1 cup canned chopped Italian plum tomatoes
2 cloves garlic
10-12 pimento-stuffed olives
1 tsp ground cinnamon
¼ tsp ground cloves
½ cup raisins
½ cup slivered almonds
½ tsp freshly ground black pepper
1 tsp salt
1 tsp brown sugar
2 tbsp olive or vegetable oil
1 lb ground beef (sirloin or top round)
1/3 cup chicken stock or water

Directions:
Have your kid place the ancho chiles in a bowl, cover with 1/2 cup hot water, and let stand for 15 minutes.
Peel and coarsely chop the onion and measure 1 cup.
If using fresh tomatoes, wash them and cut out the stem circle at the top. Chop the tomatoes into chunks and measure 1 cup. If using canned tomatoes, drain them and measure 1 cup.
Crush, peel and chop the garlic. Chop the olives.
Have your kid help you measure the cinnamon, cloves, raisins, almonds, black pepper, salt, and brown sugar and set aside.
Heat a 10- to 12-inch frying pan with the oil on medium-high heat for 30 seconds.
Add the ground meat and sauté for 4 to 5 minutes, or until the meat is no longer pink, breaking it up with a spoon or spatula as it cooks.
Using a slotted spoon, remove the meat to a bowl and keep close by.
Have your kid remove the chiles from the soaking liquid and squeeze them out (like she would squeeze a washcloth). Finely chop the chiles. Save the soaking liquid.
Add the chiles, soaking liquid, onion and garlic to the still warm pan. Cook for about 5 minutes until tender. Add the chicken stock, tomatoes, cinnamon, cloves, raisins, almonds, black pepper, salt, and brown sugar. Cook an additional 1-2 minutes.
Slowly add in the meat and stir until incorporated. Turn to low and simmer an additional 8-10 minutes. Serve on warm tortillas with your favorite taco fixings.

Submitter: 
Anthony
Description: 
The next time grandpa says, I'll make mince meat outta ya!, serve up this traditional Latin American dish instead. Ground beef mixed with almonds, raisins and olives you say? We say, fantastico. And pass the taco shells, por favor.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
33 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
