URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62387424/alcapurrias/
Title:
alcapurrias Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
The Masa: (Batter)
5 green bananas (Chiquita Bananas)
1 lb. taro root (yautía)
2 tsp. salt
1 tsp. vinegar
1 tbsp. vegetable oil
1 small envelope sazón with annatto (achiote) coloring
Lots of vegetable cooking oil for deep frying
The Filling:
1/2 lb. chopped meat (your choice)
1 tbsp. sofrito
8 oz. tomato sauce
1/2 tsp. salt
1 small envelope sazón
6-8 chopped olives
1 tsp.of capers
1 medium garlic clove (a pilonazo)
2 oz. chopped cooking ham
1 tsp. dried oregano
1/4 tsp. vinegar
Optional:
6-8 prunes
2 tsp. raisins

Directions:
The Masa:
Thoroughly wash the yautías then peel.
Peel the green bananas and wash with salted water.
Grate the bananas and yautías then add the salt, vinegar, oil and sazón.
Mix well and set aside.
The Filling:
In a deep pot, fry your ground meat until all red is gone.
Drain most of the grease and add the garlic, ham, oregano, vinegar salt, olives, capers, sazón, sofrito and tomato sauce.
Bring to a boil then reduce heat to low and cover the pot.
Cook covered for 15 minutes.
Uncover and cook another 15 minutes, stirring ocassionally.
On the palm of your hand (or if you are lucky enough to have plantain leaves), spread about 1 1/2 tablespoons of the mixture and make a shallow well. (You may also use wax paper)
Spread 1 1/2 teaspoons of the filling mixture and cover the filling (meat) with the banana mixture all around. (At this time of the recipe, you can fry the alcapurria or store in the freezer for later use.)
In a deep fryer or deep frying pan, heat lots of vegetable oil to cover the alcapurrias.
Fry until slightly crispy.
Drain the alcapurrias on a paper towel and let them cool off.
RICAN WARNING:
DO NOT TRY AND EAT THE ALCAPURRIA IMMEDIATELY. IT WILL BURN YOUR (BEMBAS) MOUTH FOR SURE.

Submitter: 
Irene Padilla Lopez
Description: 
Try some corned beef in your filling.

They are yummy when stuffed with shrimp, lobster chicken or turkey.

For that Hot Latin in you, sprinkle some of my Pique de Caballero sauce just before you bite into the alcapurria, if you dare.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
40 min
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
