URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62386761/quesitos-puertorrican-cheese-stuffed-puff-pastry/
Title:
Quesitos (Puertorrican Cheese-Stuffed Puff Pastry) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/421995.jpg
Ingredients:
French Puff Pastry (either homemade, Pepperidge Farm® frozen sheets or restaurant quality frozen)
1 8oz block of cream cheese
White sugar
Corn syrup

Directions:
If the pastry is frozen, place over aluminum or parchment paper on top of the counter and let thaw. If it is fresh, proceed with the filling.
While the pastry is thawing, open the cream cheese block and cut into little 'square logs' that will go inside of the pastry. I usually cut a 1/4 in thick slice of cheese, place it cut down in a board and then cut that up into the logs.
Put about 1 cup of white sugar into a small bowl, place the cream cheese logs into the sugar and roll them around to coat in sugar. Leave them there until ready to stuff the pastry. Do not worry if they continue to 'soak up' sugar, it's fine.
Cut the French Puff Pastry evenly into squares; the bigger the square the bigger the finished product. However, you at least want 3-4 in squares and no bigger than 5-6 inches. Remember to adjust the amount of cheese according to the size of the square.
Place one of the squares in front of you with one of the corners pointing down.
Put one of the sugar-covered cheese logs about one third up from that bottom corner, and proceed to fold the pastry around it in the same manner that egg rolls are folded (bottom corner over the cheese, side corners towards the center, then roll it from the bottom up).
Brush some water in the last corner to seal the roll.
Place in a baking sheet with the seam down.
Repeat with all of the squares and make sure there is at least 1 inch separation between them.
Bake in a 350F oven until golden brown.
Take them out of the oven, let them sit for about 5 minutes and brush the tops with corn syrup.

Submitter: 
Milly Suazo-Martinez
Description: 
These exquisite pastries are a guilty pleasure in Puerto Rico, where bakeries boast about having 'the best'.  The only hard part would be preparing the French puff pastry, but if you get it frozen then it is a VERY simple process.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
