URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62389875/bacon-or-sausage-breakfast-braid/
Title:
Bacon or Sausage Breakfast Braid Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup milk
4 ounces cream cheese, softened or cream cheese with chives. I use the cream cheese in the tubs.
8 eggs
salt and pepper to taste with a little garlic powder
2 (8 ounce) packages refrigerated crescent roll dough
4 ounces pre-cooked **crumbled bacon** or sausage (Jimmy Dean) sausage in the rolls I use there are many flavors to choose from.
1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese
or pepper jack cheese (gives it a bit of a kick)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C).
Beat milk and cream cheese together until smooth. Mix in eggs, and season with salt,pepper and garlic powder. Heat a lightly oiled skillet over medium high heat and cook egg mixture until eggs are almost set. Arrange the crescent rolls from one package into a rectangle shape on top of a lightly greased cookie sheet. Place rolls from remaining package along the edges of the two long sides of the rectangle, with the broad half of the rolls on top of the first layer of rolls, and the pointed ends extending over the sides of the pan.
Arrange the bacon or sausage or both if you like in a layer down the center of the dough. Spoon the cooked egg mixture on top of the bacon or sausage or both and then sprinkle the cheese on top of the eggs. Bring the corners of the rolls together over the cheese to form a 'braid' shape.
Bake in preheated oven for 20 minutes (check to see if it needs to cook longer in the oven), until cheese is melted and rolls are golden brown.

Submitter: 
Mary Anne
Description: 
Crescent roll dough is covered with bacon or sausage, eggs and cheese and then the ends are brought together to form a braid shape.Modified from: Ham Breakfast Braid
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
about 1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
