URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62384281/6-ways-to-l/
Title:
6 Ways to L Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
- 14 heads of lavender (4 for decoration)
- 1 lemon, finely zested (juice not required for this)
- 1 lime, finely zested (juice not required as such, maybe just a few drops - see footnotes)
- Salt and freshly milled black pepper
- 4 lamb fillets, each around 150 gms making 600 gms (1 1/3 to 1 1/2 pounds) in total. (These should all be the same size roughly - and can be halved if you like)
- 300 gms (10 ounces) lentils, well rinsed
- 1 bouquet garni
- 6 Tablespoons double (heavy) cream
- 1 Tablespoon Dijon mustard
- 2 Tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
- 1 large or 2 medium tomatoes, peeled, deseeded and chopped quite finely
- 2 little gem lettuces (or 1/2 an iceberg) finely shredded

Directions:
First lay out a large sheet of clingfilm (Saran wrap) on your (of course) clean work surface.
Take 10 of the lavender heads and tear off the flowers, scatter them over the clingfilm with the lemon and lime zests and add salt and pepper, to taste.
Lay the lamb fillets on the clingfilm and ensure the surfaces are well covered with the scattered ingredients.
Now wrap the fillets tightly in a roll, double-checking the lamb surfaces are well covered, and fold the ends of the clingfilm under to "seal" the newly-formed "sausage".
Refrigerate for a minimum of 2 hours, for the flavours to develop. Remove from the fridge a good 30 minutes before required to get to room temperature.
Bring a saucepan of water to the boil, reduce the heat and simmer the lentils with the bouquet garni until tender, this takes around 20 minutes but check from 15 minutes on. Drain and throw the bouquet garni away.
Warm your serving plates!
Bring another saucepan of water to the boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer and immerse the lamb "sausage". I find 13 minutes gave a good rare texture to the lamb, but by all means do it for longer if you like your meat medium or well done. Note my 13 minutes is at a modest but noticeable altitude (2000 feet roughly), this is maybe 10 minutes lower down. Remove the "sausage" from the water - allow to rest for 5 minutes or so.
Back to the drained lentils - add cream, mustard and most of the parsley, stir well to mix evenly and simmer for 2 or 3 minutes to warm thoroughly through. Add the chopped tomato and remove from the heat.
Slice lamb into bite-sized pieces.
Serve on the warmed plates by having a base layer of lettuce, followed by a layer of lentils and topped with the lamb. Decoration: 1 head of lavender and scattered parsley, s and p.

Submitter: 
Sonya Jane
Description: 
WW asked for lavender recipes, so I contacted UK friends of mine who sent me this. I tried it last Wednesday, to an excellent reception, and then tweaked it slightly to my tastes on Thursday. I think my tweaks improved it, as did my BF, but then he would have to say that wouldn't he? This is dedicated to WW for all the joy and information she brings. The 6 L's? Lettuce, lentils, lamb, lemon, lime and lavender.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 mins plus marinading
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
