URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62387781/individual-banoffee-pavlovas/
Title:
Individual Banoffee Pavlova's Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup castor sugar or superfine sugar
2 teaspoons cornstarch
1 pinch cream of tartar
4 egg whites
1 pinch salt
1 dash vanilla extract
1 teaspoon white wine vinegar
2 small bananas, sliced
1 cup caramel ice cream topping
1 tablespoon grated semisweet chocolate, for garnish
2 cups sweetened whipped cream

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F (135 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or silicone liner.
In a small cup or bowl, stir together the sugar, cornstarch, and cream of tartar. In a large glass or metal bowl, whip the egg whites with salt, vanilla, and vinegar until soft peaks form. Gradually sprinkle in the sugar mixture and continue to whip until stiff and shiny. 3. Pipe or spoon the meringue into 8-10 large round mounds that are 3 inches wide onto the prepared baking   With the back of a spoon, create an indentation in the middle of the mound for holding the filling once meringue is baked.
Place baking sheet in the oven. Reduce oven temperature to 250°F. Bake for 50-60 minutes, or until the meringues are crisp, dry to the touch on the outside, and white -- not tan-colored or cracked. The interiors should have a marshmallow-like consistency. Check on meringues at least once during the baking time. If they appear to be taking on color or cracking, reduce temperature 25 degrees, and turn pan around.Gently lift from the baking sheet and cool on a wire rack. Will keep in a tightly sealed container at room temperature, or individually wrapped, for up to a week if your house is not humid.
Just before serving time,put the Pavlovas onto serving plates, and top with slices of banana. Cover banana with caramel sauce. Top that with whipped cream and sprinkle with grated chocolate.

Submitter: 
Trishie
Description: 
Since this is my recipe and now I can (thanks for the great changes AR!!) I have added this custom version of my Banoffee Pavlova for you to make them individual sized!!Modified from: Banoffee Pavlova
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
2 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
