URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62381228/grilled-caramelized-onion-pizza-with-rosemary-olives-and-prosciutto/
Title:
Grilled Caramelized-Onion Pizza with Rosemary, Olives, and Prosciutto Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Cornmeal for sprinkling
1 teaspoon olive oil
2 large red onions, halved and thinly sliced
2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary
3 cloves garlic
Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 14-inch whole-grain pizza crust or store-bought dough
20 pitted, oil-cured black olives, coarsely chopped
2 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto, torn into small pieces
1.4 cup reduced-fat sour cream

Directions:
Heat grill to medium. Alternately, place a pizza stone on middle oven rack, turn oven to 500°F, and heat stone for 20 minutes (or use a baking sheet sprinkled with cornmeal; preheat oven but not sheet to 500°F). If grilling or using a stone, generously sprinkle a wooden pizza peel or baking sheet with cornmeal.
Meanwhile, heat oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion and rosemary; sauté 10 minutes. Reduce heat to low, add garlic, and continue cooking, stirring occasionally for about 10 minutes, or until onions are soft and caramelized. Season with salt and pepper.
On a lightly floured clean surface, roll dough to form a 14-inch circle. If grilling pizza, transfer to prepared peel or sheet, then gently lift and slide dough onto grill grates (don't worry, dough won't slide through the grates). Dough will immediately stiffen and begin to brown; cook 2 minutes. Turn over and cook until bottom side stiffens but doesn't brown, about 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer crust back to peel or sheet (with the more-cooked side facing up) to add toppings. If baking pizza, slide dough onto heated pizza stone or onto baking sheet and cook 5 minutes. Remove stone or sheet from oven to add toppings.
Scatter onions and olives over pizza. If grilling, slide pizza back onto grill and cook 6 minutes more. If baking, cook pizza 10 minutes more, or until edges are golden.
Next, scatter prosciutto over onions and olives and grill or bake for 2 to 3 minutes more. Transfer grilled pizza to peel or sheet, or remove pizza from oven. Dab small spoonfuls of sour cream all over pizza, spreading them slightly with the back of a spoon. When sour cream begins to melt, cut pizza into 8 slices and serve.

Submitter: 
Julissa Dufault
Description: 
162 calories
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
