URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62386035/bacalao-a-la-vizcaina-basque-style-codfish-stew/
Title:
Bacalao a la Vizcaína (Basque Style Codfish Stew) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/421576.jpg
Ingredients:
1 lb. package salted and deboned codfish filets
4 medium potatoes, sliced thick
2 medium onions, sliced
1 small can or jar of roasted red peppers
1 bay leaf
4 hard boiled eggs
2 tsp capers
4 tbsp. sliced salad olives
2 large or 4 small cloves of garlic, sliced
1/2 cup golden raisins
1 8oz. can of tomato sauce
1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil
1 cup water
1/4 cup white wine

Directions:
1. To remove the excess salt in the fish filets, soak them for about 8 hrs in the following manner: Place the filets in a bowl and cover with about 2 quarts of cold water. Put in the refrigerator and change the water about 3 times in the 8 hr period.
2. Drain the filets, cut in bite size pieces and set aside.
3. In a heavy pot, place half of the potato slices, half of the codfish and half of the onion slices.
4. Add half the sliced hard boiled eggs, half of the capers, half of the garlic, half of the olives, half of the roasted bell peppers, and half of the raisins.
5. Place the bay leaf on top of the mound.
6. Pour half of the tomato sauce and half of the extra virgin olive oil.
7. Repeat another layer with the other half of the ingredients.
8. Pour the water and the wine on top, cover and cook over medium heat until it starts to boil. Do not stir.
9. Lower the heat, cover and simmer for about 30 minutes (until the potatoes are tender).

Submitter: 
Milly Suazo-Martinez
Description: 
This Spanish style fish stew from the Basque Region of Spain is a traditional peasant dish popular in all Spanish-speaking countries (where each has given it their special twist). For example, in Mexico it is usually made for Christmas, New Year's Eve and Lent; in Puerto Rico it is a year-round favorite but most enjoyed during Lent. This is one of the Puertorrican versions.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
9 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
