URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62380858/chicken-breasts-stuffed-with-pimiento-cheese/
Title:
Chicken Breasts Stuffed with Pimiento Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/418012.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup shredded Gouda cheese, preferably smoked
2 tablespoons chopped scallion
1 tablespoon sliced pimientos, chopped
1 teaspoon paprika, divided
4 small boneless, skinless chicken breasts (1 1/4-1 1/2 pounds total), trimmed and tenders removed (see Tip)
1/2 teaspoon salt, divided
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, divided
1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil

Directions:
1.Preheat oven to 400°F.
2.Combine Gouda, scallion, pimientos and 1/2 teaspoon paprika in a small bowl.
3.Cut a horizontal slit along the thin, long edge of each chicken breast, nearly through to the opposite side, and open like a book. Sprinkle the breasts with 1/4 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Divide the cheese filling among the breasts, placing it in the center of each. Close the breast over the filling, pressing the edges firmly together to seal. Sprinkle the breasts with the remaining 1/2 teaspoon paprika, 1/4 teaspoon salt and pepper.
4.Heat oil in a large ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. Add the chicken and cook until browned on one side, about 2 minutes. Turn the chicken over and transfer the skillet to the oven. Bake until the chicken is no longer pink in the center and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part registers 165°F, about 15 minutes.

Submitter: 
Irene Padilla Lopez
Description: 
Stuffing boneless, skinless chicken breasts with pimientos, scallions and cheese gives them great flavor without a lot of effort. Don’t be concerned if some of the filling oozes out while the chicken is baking; just scoop it up from the pan as you serve. Serve with: Sautéed zucchini or summer squash and barley.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
