URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62387357/chicken-breasts-with-roasted-lemons/
Title:
Chicken Breasts with Roasted Lemons Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/422433.jpg
Ingredients:
Roasted lemons
3 medium lemons, thinly sliced and seeded
1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil
1/8 teaspoon salt
Chicken
4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, (about 1 pound total), trimmed
1/8 teaspoon salt
Freshly ground pepper, to taste
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil
1 1/4 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth
2 tablespoons drained capers, rinsed
2 teaspoons butter
3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, divided

Directions:
1.To prepare roasted lemons: Preheat oven to 325°F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Arrange lemon slices in a single layer on it. Brush the lemon slices with 1 tablespoon oil and sprinkle with 1/8 teaspoon salt. Roast the lemons until slightly dry and beginning to brown around the edges, 25 to 30 minutes.
2.Meanwhile, prepare chicken: Cover chicken with plastic wrap and pound with a rolling pin or heavy skillet until flattened to about 1/2 inch thick. Sprinkle the chicken with 1/8 teaspoon salt and pepper. Place flour in a shallow dish and dredge the chicken to coat both sides; shake off excess (discard remaining flour).
3.Heat 2 teaspoons oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the chicken and cook until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Add broth and bring to a boil, scraping up any browned bits. Stir in capers. Boil until the liquid is reduced to syrup consistency, 5 to 8 minutes, turning the chicken halfway. Add the roasted lemons, butter, 2 tablespoons parsley and more pepper, if desired; simmer until the butter melts and the chicken is cooked through, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a platter. Sprinkle with the remaining 1 tablespoon parsley and serve.

Submitter: 
Irene Padilla Lopez
Description: 
Tangy roasted lemons harmonize beautifully with chicken. They are also delicious chopped and sprinkled over fish.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
