URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62387964/joy-of-baking-chocolate-chip-cookies/
Title:
Joy of Baking Chocolate Chip Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup (2 sticks) (226 grams) unsalted butter, room temperature
3/4 cup (150 grams) granulated white sugar
3/4 cup (160 grams) firmly packed light brown sugar
2 large eggs
1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract
2 1/4 cups (295 grams) all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cups (270 grams) semisweet chocolate chips
1 cup (100 grams) walnuts or pecans, coarsely chopped (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) with rack in center of oven. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper.
In the bowl of your electric mixer (or with a hand mixer), beat the butter until smooth and creamy. Add the white and brown sugars and beat until fluffy (about 2 minutes). Beat in eggs, one at a time, making sure to beat well after each addition. Add the vanilla and beat until incorporated. Scrape down the sides of the bowl as needed.
In a separate bowl, combine flour, baking soda, and salt. Add the dry ingredients to the egg mixture and beat until incorporated, adding the chocolate chips and nuts (if using) about half way through mixing. If you find the dough very soft, cover and refrigerate until firm (about 30 minutes).
For large cookies, use about a 2 tablespoon ice cream scoop or with two spoons, drop about 2 tablespoons of dough (35 grams) onto the prepared baking sheets. Bake about 12 - 14 minutes, or until golden brown around the edges. Cool completely on wire rack.
Makes about 4 dozen - 3 inch round cookies.
Note: You can freeze this dough. Form the dough into balls and place on a parchment lined baking sheet. Freeze and then place the balls of dough in a plastic bag, seal, and freeze. When baking, simply place the frozen balls of dough on a baking sheet and bake as directed - may have to increase baking time a few minutes.

Submitter: 
LemonLush
Description: 
From the wonderful cookbook - the Joy of Baking.  The best chocolate chip recipe = hands down!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
48
Nutritional Facts:
NA
