URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62381453/carnegie-deli-cheesecake/
Title:
carnegie deli cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/425692.jpg
Ingredients:
Cookie Crust
1cup all-purpose flour
1/4 cup sugar
1 teaspoon grated lemon rind
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 egg yolk
1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, chilled and cut into 1/4 - inch bits
Cheese Filling
1 1/4 pounds softened cream cheese
3/4 cup sugar
1 1/2 tablespoon flour
1 1/2 teaspoons Lemon juice
1 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
3 eggs plus 1 egg yolk
2 tablespoons heavy cream

Directions:
Crust:Place the flour, sugar, grated lemon rind, vanilla extract, egg yolk, and butter in a large mixing bowl. Mix ingredients together until they are well mixed & can be gathered into a ball. Dust with a little flour, wrap in waxed paper, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.Butter and flour the bottom of a 9 inch X 2 inch spring-form pan, roll out a piece of dough to cover bottom. Dough should be as thick as for a normal sugar cookie (1/4 inch) Bake in a preheated 350 degree oven to a light brown color. Cool the pan and bottom. Butter the sides of the pan. Roll out and line the sides of the pan with more of the cookie dough. Trim excess dough from the edges.
Filling: Place the cream cheese in a large mixing bowl and beat vigorously with a wooden spoon until it is creamy and smooth. Beat in the sugar, a few tablespoons at a time, and, when it is well incorporated, beat in the flour, lemon, vanilla, eggs and egg yolk and heavy cream.
Preheat the oven to 500 degrees. Oven should be hot to enhance color. Pour the filling into the cookie dough lined pan, bake in the center of the oven until a dark brown color has been achieved. The cake should also start to rise slightly. Cool for 30 minutes and set oven to 350 degrees.
After 30 minutes, return the cheesecake to the oven for final baking (this procedure will set the cheesecake).
Baking time at 350°F will vary (usually 25 to 40 minutes) depending on your oven.
Cool cheesecake in pan for at least 2 hours before trying to remove it from the pan. Refrigerate the cheesecake overnight. For best flavor, cheesecake should be served at nearly room temperature. Slice cake using a hot, wet knife; wipe blade clean between slices.

Submitter: 
kielyn
Description: 
I first tried this at the Las Vegas location, they gladly shared the recipe with me.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
90 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
