URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62383891/cinnamon-rolls-ii/
Title:
Cinnamon Rolls II Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup milk
1/2 cup butter
1 cup water
1 tablespoon active dry yeast
1 cup white sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 eggs
6 cups all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
2 cups dark brown sugar
1/2 cup butter, softened
2 cups confectioners' sugar
1 (3 ounce) package cream cheese, softened
1 tablespoon butter, softened
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
3 tablespoons milk

Directions:
Warm the milk in a small saucepan until it bubbles, then remove from heat. Mix in the butter; stir until melted. Add water and let cool until lukewarm.
In a large bowl, combine the milk mixture, yeast, white sugar, salt, eggs and 2 cups flour; stir well to combine. Stir in the remaining flour, 1/2 cup at a time, beating well after each addition. When the dough has pulled together, turn it out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic, about 8 minutes.
Divide dough into two pieces. Roll each piece into a 12x9 inch rectangle. In a bowl, stir together the cinnamon and brown sugar. Spread each piece with half of the butter, half of the brown sugar and cinnamon mixture. Roll up dough, using a little water to seal the seam.
Cut each roll into 12 slices using a very sharp knife or dental floss.  Place rolls onto two 9x13 inch greased baking pans.  Cover and let rise until almost doubled, about 1 hour. Meanwhile, preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Mix 1/4c corn syrup, 1/2 c butter and 1 c brown sugar mixture and pour over before baking.
Bake in preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes until golden brown.
To make frosting; combine confectioner's sugar, cream cheese, butter and vanilla. Add milk gradually until frosting reaches a spreading consistency. Spread over warm (but not hot) cinnamon rolls.

Submitter: 
Libby
Description: 
I make these the night before and bake them in the morning.  My family and friends can't stay out of them.  They are very moist and decadently rich.Modified from: Cinnamon Rolls II
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 55 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
