URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62381777/eggplant-bake/
Title:
Eggplant Bake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon olive oil
2 eggs, lightly beaten
1 cup Italian seasoned dry bread crumbs
1 eggplant, sliced into 1/2 inch rounds
salt to taste
1 medium onion, sliced
2 tomatoes, sliced
1 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1 cup crumbled feta cheese
4 slices Muenster cheese, torn into strips

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray a 9x13 inch baking dish with cooking spray.
Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat. Place eggs and bread crumbs in 2 separate bowls. Dip eggplant slices in eggs, then in bread crumbs to coat. Fry coated eggplant slices in the skillet until golden brown. Season with salt, and drain on paper towels.
In the prepared baking dish, layer eggplant, onion, tomatoes, Parmesan cheese, and feta cheese. Top with strips of Muenster.
Bake 30 minutes in the preheated oven, until cheese is melted and bubbly.
I used a few tips from another reviewer and a few of my own tweaks, and you just can't go wrong by doing the following: After slicing your eggplant, definitely salt the slices and let them dry for about an hour. Rinse off, dip in egg and coat with italian season bread crumbs. Spray two rectangular cookie sheets with olive oil spray, and as another reviewer suggested, bake the eggplant for about 14 min on each side. While the eggplant slices bake, saute half a sliced red onion and a couple cloves of chopped garlic. When the eggplant is done, place in a dish, topped with the onions & garlic, then with 2 sliced roma tomatoes. Sprinkle basil and oregano over the tomatos (thanks again to another reviewer!), then top with shredded parmesan cheese and feta. Bake for 20 min. Absolutely delicious every time I've made it!!

Submitter: 
Lauren
Description: 
Tasty dish for both vegetarians and non-vegetarians; the tomato, onion and cheeses give it just the right zing. My children are pretty picky, and even they are willing participants in eating this eggplant dish! It's great the next day for leftovers, too!Modified from: Eggplant Bake
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
