URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62385402/grilled-filets-with-blue-cheese-chili-topping/
Title:
Grilled Filets with Blue Cheese-Chili Topping Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/421193.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
2 teaspoons fresh parsley, finely chopped
2 garlic cloves, minced
6 filet mignons, about 4-6 ounces each
2 ounces cream cheese, softened*
1/4 cup finely crumbled blue cheese (about 1 ounce)**
1 1/2 tablespoons finely chopped and seeded green jalapeno chiles
1 shallot, finely chopped
1 teaspoon white wine vinegar
Salt and pepper
*I used fat-free cream cheese
**I used reduced-fat blue cheese crumbles

Directions:
Combine olive oil, chopped parsley, and garlic in a small bowl. Place the filets in a glass dish. Rub the oil mixture all over the steaks, Be sure to get the top, bottom, and all the sides. (I tied my filets with twine so they would keep their shape when they were grilled.)
Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours. (No more than 24 hours)
Be sure to remove the filets about 30 minutes before placing them on the grill.
In a small bowl, mix the cream cheese, blue cheese, chopped chiles and shallots, and white wine vinegar. Taste and adjust salt and pepper seasoning.
Prepare grill/ barbecue to medium heat and spray with cooking spray. Grill filets for 5 minutes. Turn the filets over and grill for another 5 minutes. Remove the filets and top the filets with the blue cheese topping. Then immediately cover the filets with foil and let them rest for 5 minutes. (It gives the cheese a chance to warm up and melt on the filets while they are still hot.) After filets rest, serve and most importantly, ENJOY!

Submitter: 
Sarah
Description: 
These were juicy, tender, and so delicious. I added a little pizazz to the blue cheese topping with the finely chopped chilies. I served a little left over cheese topping at the table. 

Prep Time: includes minimum marinating, and cooking.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 h 20 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
