URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62394581/simply-blueberry-pie/
Title:
Simply Blueberry Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/427227.jpg
Ingredients:
1 recipe for a 9" double pie crust
4.5 to 5 cups fresh blueberries
1/2 cup granulated white sugar
3-4 tablespoons  cornstarch
1.5 to 2 tablespoons lemon juice (depends on sweetness of blueberries)
1/4 tsp cinnamon
1 tsp vanilla
Egg Wash:
1 large egg yolk
1 tablespoon cream or milk

Directions:
In a small bowl mix together the sugar, cornstarch, lemon juice and vanilla.
Put the blueberries in a large bowl.  Add the sugar mixture to the blueberries and stir until evenly combined.
Pour the mixture into the prepared pie shell. Then, in a small bowl, whisk together the egg yolk and cream.
Lightly brush the rim of the pastry shell with the egg wash.
Cover top of pie with crust (lattice, cutouts, etc) and brush the entire surface with the egg wash, making sure that it does not pool.  Place the assembled pie back in the refrigerator to chill for about 30 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C) and place the oven rack in the lower third of the oven.  Remove the chilled pie from the fridge and place on a larger baking pan, lined with parchment paper, to catch any spills.
Bake the pie for about 20 minutes and then reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F (177 degrees C).  Continue to bake the pie for about 35 - 45 minutes or until the crust is a deep golden brown color and the juices are bubbling and thick.  If the edges of the pie are browning too much during baking, cover with a foil ring.
Place the baked pie on a wire rack to cool for several hours.  Serve at room temperature with softly whipped cream or vanilla ice cream.  Store any leftovers for 2 - 3 days at room temperature.

Submitter: 
SavedByGrace
Description: 
An incredibly delicious & simple blueberry pie made with blueberries, sugar, vanilla, lemon juice, and cinnamon. I recommend using an all butter crust for this fruit pie!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
