URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62391263/pork-chops-with-creamy-marsala-sauce/
Title:
Pork Chops with Creamy Marsala Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/425007.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup Marsala (see Note), divided
2 teaspoons cornstarch
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
4 thin boneless pork loin chops (about 1 pound), trimmed
1/4 teaspoon kosher salt
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil
4 thin slices prosciutto (2 ounces), chopped
1 small onion, halved and thinly sliced
3 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano or 1 teaspoon dried
3 teaspoons chopped fresh chives, divided
1 cup low-fat milk

Directions:
1.Mix 2 tablespoons Marsala and cornstarch in a small bowl; set aside.
2.Place flour in a shallow dish. Sprinkle pork chops with salt and pepper, then dredge in the flour.
3.Heat oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Reduce heat to medium and add the pork chops. Cook until well browned on both sides, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate. Add prosciutto to the pan and cook, stirring constantly, until browned, about 1 minute. Add onion and cook, stirring often, until it starts to soften and brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the remaining 6 tablespoons Marsala, oregano and 1 1/2 teaspoons chives and bring to a boil, scraping up any browned bits. Add milk and the reserved cornstarch mixture to the pan; adjust the heat to maintain a simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the sauce has thickened and reduced slightly, 4 to 6 minutes.
4.Return the pork chops and any accumulated juice to the pan and simmer, turning to coat, until heated through, 1 to 2 minutes. Serve the chops topped with the sauce and garnished with the remaining 1 1/2 teaspoons chives.

Submitter: 
Irene Padilla Lopez
Description: 
A little cornstarch gives the sweet and salty Marsala sauce for this pork dish the kind of body it would usually take a cup of heavy cream (rather than low-fat milk) to achieve. The recipe makes plenty of sauce, so you’ll want to serve it with some egg noodles or mashed potatoes to soak it all up.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
35
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
