URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62399010/raspberry-cheesecake-brownies/
Title:
Raspberry Cheesecake Brownies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/431305.jpg
Ingredients:
BROWNIE BATTER:
1 cup butter
4 (1 oz) squares unsweetened chocolate
1 cup white sugar
3 eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 teaspoon salt
CHEESECAKE BATTER:
8 oz cream cheese, softened
1/2 cup sugar
1 egg
1 tsp lemon juice
1/4 tsp salt
1 Tablespoon flour
RASPBERRY TOPPING:
1/2 cup raspberry jam
1 cup fresh raspberries, divided

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Grease a 9x13 inch baking pan or line with non-stick foil.
To make the brownie batter: In the top of a double boiler over simmering water, melt butter and chocolate, stirring the mixture constantly. Remove from heat, and stir the 1 cup sugar and vanilla into the chocolate. Allow the mixture to cool slightly.
In a separate bowl, beat the 3 eggs.
Slowly beat the chocolate mixture into the eggs whisking constantly.
Combine the flour and salt; stir into the chocolate mixture. Spread the batter evenly into the prepared pan.
To make the cheesecake topping: Beat together the cream cheese and 1/2 cup sugar. Beat in the egg, then add the lemon juice, flour and salt and beat until blended.
Spoon cream cheese mixture over brownie batter. Use a butter knife to swirl the two batters together.
Mix together half the raspberries and the jam. Drop spoonfuls of the mixture onto the cheesecake batter. Use a butter knife to swirl the mixture into the  batters. Scatter the remaining raspberries over the top of brownies and push each slightly into the batter.
Bake 40-50 minutes until cheesecake topping is lightly browned and a toothpick inserted into it comes out nearly clean.
Cool completely. Cut into individual servings. Serve at room temperature or chilled. Store in refrigerator.

Submitter: 
Pam Ziegler Lutz
Description: 
A delicious combination of fudgy brownies with cheesecake topping and fresh raspberries swirled throughout. Delectable!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h including cooling
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
