URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62392829/linguine-with-chicken-and-vegetables-in-a-cream-sauce/
Title:
Linguine with Chicken and Vegetables in a Cream Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
SPICE MIXTURE:
1/4 tsp poultry seasoning
1/4 tsp cayenne pepper
1/8 tsp ground pepper
1/8 tsp onion powder
1 Tbsp garlic powder
ADDITIONAL INGREDIENTS
4 Skinless, boneless chicken breasts
1.5 cup heavy cream
1/2 cup white wine
1 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1 cup broccoli, cut into smaller pieces
1 zucchini, cubed
3/4 cup mushrooms, sliced
1/8 tsp red pepper flakes
salt and pepper to taste
2 Tbsps butter
1 pound linguine

Directions:
1.  Measure SPICE MIXTURE into an empty spice shaker.
2.  Shake enough SPICE MIXTURE onto 4 chicken breasts, just enough to lightly coat each piece. Reserve remaining spice mixture.
3.  In a large skillet, melt butter over medium-high heat place chicken breasts in the skillet, cover for about 5 minutes.  After about 5 minutes, pour wine into the skillet and cook for 15 to 20 minutes, or until no longer pink in the center and juices run clear.  Once cooked, place chicken onto a clean plate and set aside.
4.  While chicken is cooking, boil linguine according to package instructions.
5.  While linguine is boiling, prepare another pot of boiling water.  Place broccoli into boiling water, and set a timer for 1 minute. When timer goes off, add zucchini into boiling pot and reset timer for 2 minutes.   When timer goes off, drain the vegetables and plunge drained vegetables into a bowl of prepared ice water and set aside.
6.  (By this time the chicken should be fully cooked and placed onto a clean plate.)  Pour cream into the same skillet that was used to cook the chicken.  Stir the cream with the scrappings from the cooked chicken.  Add the Parmesan cheese, red pepper flakes, and remaining spice mixture.  Stir until cheese is completely melted.
7.  Test linguine for doneness.   When linguine is done, drain and set aside.
8.  Drain vegetables that have been sitting in iced water.  Placed place vegetables into cream mixture,
then add cooked linguine and stir together.

Submitter: 
MARIA BUJAK
Description: 
pasta in cream sauce
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
