URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62395083/flaky-pie-crust-bon-appetit/
Title:
Flaky Pie Crust (Bon Appetit) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
crust:
1 cup all purpose flour
1/3 cup cake flour
1 tablespoon sugar
1/4 tsp salt
6 tablespoons (3/4) stick unsalted butter cut into 1/2 inch pieces
2 tablespoons chilled vegetable shortening cut into pieces
3 tablespoons or more chilled ice water
this is for cranberry walnut pie:(similar in texture to a pecan pie-not as sugary but tart.
3/4 C packed golden brown sugar
2 large eggs
3/4 cup pure maple syrup
2 tablespoons (1/4stick) unsalted butter melted
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/4 tsp salt
2 cups walnuts coarsely chopped
1 cup fresh cranberries coarsely chopped
position rack in bottom third of oven-preheat 400. Butter 9inch glass pie dish. Roll out dough on lighty flourd surface to 13 inch round. Transfer to dish. Trim crust edge or leave overhang to pinch later. Freeze 15 minutes. Beat sugar and eggs in to blend wisk in maple syrup, butter,  vanilla and salt. Stir in walnyts and cranberries and pour filling into crust.
Bake 10 minutes and then reduce heat to 350 for 35 more minutes-transfer to rack to cool completely. Can be prepared 8 hours ahead and let stand at room temp. Serve with whipped cream. This is delicious with the holiday dessert. Its not to sweet. YES its sweet, but not like pecan pie.

Directions:
mix both flours, sugar and salt in processor. Add butter and shortening using on/off pulse button until resembles course meal. Add 3 tablespoons water and process until large moist clumps form, adding more water by tsp if dough is dry. Gather into ball flatten into disk wrap in plastic and chill about one hour OR FREEZE. Can double recipe if double crust or you want another for later. Fridge for up to two days prior to use.

Submitter: 
souplover Sue
Description: 
also Cranberry-Walnut Pie
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20min
Ready in:
65 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
