URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62391387/garden-chicken-chipotle-enchiladas/
Title:
Garden Chicken Chipotle Enchiladas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 boneless, skinless chicken breast, cut into bite-size pieces
2-3 T olive oil
3 carrots, sliced
1/2 onion, diced
1 rib celery, sliced thin
1 jalapeño, minced (leave seeds if you like heat)
3-5 cloves garlic, minced
1 C frozen chopped leaf spinach
1 C frozen corn
3 t cumin, separated
2/3 C fat free plain yogurt (or sour cream)
1 canned chipotle pepper* in adobo sauce, minced
Salt and pepper to taste
1 (10 ounce) can enchilada sauce (I use red, but green would be good too)
4 flour tortillas
6 ounces mild white cheese (whatever you have will work), shredded or finely diced
Cilantro (optional) to garnish

Directions:
Pat chicken pieces dry and sprinkle with salt, pepper, and 1 t of cumin.
In a large nonstick skillet, heat olive oil over medium high heat. Add onion, celery, and carrots, and sauté until onion is translucent and carrots begin to soften, stirring constantly.
Add garlic, jalapeño, and salt and pepper to taste, and cook until fragrant.
Add seasoned chicken pieces, and continue cooking and stirring until chicken is no longer pink.
Add the frozen vegetables and cook and stir until they are thawed and any water is cooked out.
Add yogurt, chipotle, and remaining cumin, and stir to mix. Heat through, and season with salt and pepper to taste.
Set up an "assembly line" to make the enchiladas. From right to left: tortillas, skillet on medium high heat, enchilada sauce in a pie pan, chicken mixture, and a square 8x8 casserole dish.
Spray hot skillet with a small amount of olive oil, and place a tortilla into the skillet. Heat tortilla until it crisps and starts to puff up, turning frequently to prevent burning.
With tongs, move puffed tortilla to pie pan of enchilada sauce, turning to coat both sides. Let excess drip off, and transfer to casserole dish.
Place 1/4 of filling in tortilla and roll. Continue this process until all four enchiladas are assembled.
Top with cheese and bake uncovered for 10-15 minutes, until cheese is melted to your liking.

Submitter: 
dragonflyGrrl
Description: 
This is a recipe I created on the fly, on a night when we were searching for ways to use up various leftovers and bits and bobs from the fridge. It came out so tasty that I wrote down the recipe so we could have it again! I am estimating amounts, since I tend to cook by the eyeball method, and I would think that any veggies you have lurking in the fridge/freezer would work equally well.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
