URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62391278/caroles-version-of-stuffed-chicken-valentino/
Title:
Carole's version of Stuffed Chicken Valentino Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
1 teaspoon dried Italian seasoning
2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese
Fresh spinach (6 ounces )
1 teaspoon minced garlic
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 (6 ounce) jar roasted red bell peppers, drained
4-6 tablespoons chopped sun-dried tomatoes in olive oil
1/4 cup chopped fresh chives
4 tablespoons shredded mozzarella cheese
salt and pepper to taste
2 tablespoons olive oil

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).   Slice a chicken breast in half lengthwise, leaving the halves attached on one side: opened and laid flat, the chicken breast should resemble a butterfly. Place between two sheets of plastic wrap, and pound flat. Repeat with remaining chicken breasts.
Combine Parmesan cheese with Italian seasoning and chives, and sprinkle over chicken breasts. Divide the spinach in fourths. Place one fourth spinach mixture on each chicken breast.  At one end of each breast, place 3 strips of roasted pepper.  Next add 1 tablespoon chopped sun-dried tomatoes. Top with 1 tablespoon shredded cheese. Roll each breast up, starting on the side with the peppers and cheese. Insert a toothpick in each roll to prevent unrolling.  Place in prepared baking dish.
Bake in preheated oven for 15 minutes. Set oven to broil, and continue cooking for 5 to 10 minutes.  Remove from oven, slice to display the colorful filling, and serve.
Directions for Sauteed Spinach- Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the spinach and minced garlic to the skillet and cover; allow to cook 5 minutes.

Submitter: 
Carole
Description: 
This is a dish to serve guests - be ready to impress!  Good enough to be served at a high-priced restaurant, but easy enough to make yourself.  Creamy mozzarella and roasted red peppers make the dish really special.  I marinated the chicken overnight and added sauteed spinach and sun-dried tomatoes to the stuffing.Modified from: Stuffed Chicken Valentino
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
60 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
