URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62390301/jos-chicken-liver-pate/
Title:
Jo's chicken liver Pâté Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/424340.jpg
Ingredients:
1 Stick unsalted butter
1 pd chicken livers (connective tissue trimmed)
1 cup milk
2 lg yellow onions (thinly sliced)
2 garlic cloves minced
1 tsp fresh chopped rosemary
1 tsp fresh chopped thyme
2 bay leaves
½ cup dry white wine (or cooking sherry if you have it)
2 tbls capers drained
1 tsp salt
1 tsp fresh ground pepper
2 French stick (baguette)
Toppings
Capers
Whipped cream cheese
Caviar (your preference, I use the black white fish you can get at the grocery store, it is surprisingly good :)
Thinly sliced green onions (scallions)

Directions:
Soak chicken livers in milk for 2 hours then drain.
Melt butter, add onions sauté until translucent (do not brown). Then add rosemary, thyme, garlic, Bay leaves and liver. Cook liver until brown on the outside but still pink inside.
Remove liver. Add wine and simmer until liquid has reduced to ¼. The reduction of the liquid determines the firmness of the pâté. Reduce less if you want a softer consistency. I like mine firm so I cook almost all the liquid off. Add livers and cook until done (do not over cook liver). You may have some more liquid when you put the livers in, make sure to cook it down enough. Remove from heat and allow to cool for about 5 to 10 min. Remove Bay leaves, and put mixture in the food processor. Puree mixture until desired consistency.
Put mixture in the dish you will be serving it in. You can use individual ramekins or a nice serving bowl. Refrigerate for at least 4 hrs. Serve with bread sliced 1 inch thick.
Enjoy :)

Submitter: 
aeyla64
Description: 
I love Pâté so I decided to make some at home. living in a small town goose or duck liver is not available. I worked on making a recipe with readily available ingredients, but does not taste like it.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
