URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62395429/tom-ka-gai/
Title:
Tom Ka Gai Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 cups good-quality chicken stock (Serves 2 as the main entree, or 4-6 as an appetizer)
1-2 chicken breasts, sliced, OR 1-2 cups roasted chicken or turkey
1 lemongrass stalk, OR 3 Tbsp. frozen prepared lemongrass
4 kaffir limes leaves (fresh or frozen)
1 cup shiitake mushrooms, sliced
1 thumb-size piece galangal or ginger, sliced, bruised
1-3 fresh red chilies, minced (to taste), OR substitute 1/2 to 3/4 tsp. dried crushed chili
1/2 to 1 can good-quality coconut milk
2 Tbsp. lime juice
2+ Tbsp. fish sauce
1 tsp. brown sugar (optional, according to taste)
handful fresh coriander leaves for garnish
handful fresh basil leaves for garnish
3 spring (green) onions, sliced for garnish

Directions:
Slice and mince the lower portion of the lemongrass stalk. Retain the upper stalk for the soup pot.
Place chicken broth in a large soup pot over medium-high heat. If you have leftover chicken or turkey bones, add those too. Bring to a boil.
Add fresh chicken (or leftover chicken or turkey) and mushrooms. Also add the prepared lemongrass (including upper stalk pieces), plus kaffir lime leaves and fresh chili. Boil 5-8 minutes, or until chicken is cooked.
Turn heat down to medium. Add the galangal or ginger, 1/2 can coconut milk, the fish sauce, and extra vegetables (if using). Stir well. Simmer gently 1-2 minutes.
Turn heat down to minimum. Add lime juice and stir.
Do a taste test. Look for a balance between spicy, sour, salty, and sweet flavors. Start with salty, adding more fish sauce if not salty or flavorful enough (1 Tbsp. at a time). If too sour, add the sugar plus a little more if you need it. If too spicy, or if you'd like it creamier, add more coconut milk. If not spicy enough, add more chili.
Ladle soup into serving bowls. Sprinkle a little fresh coriander, basil, and spring onion over each bowl. For an extra kick of flavor, add a dollop of chili sauce.

Submitter: 
Lisa Provost
Description: 
Thai coconut lemongrass soup. Spicy and delicious!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
