URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62397919/old-school-baltimore-crab-soup/
Title:
"Old-School" Baltimore Crab Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/429025.jpg
Ingredients:
2/3 cup barley
1/2 cup salt
1/2 cup ground black pepper
1/2 cup Maryland-style seafood seasoning
6 to 8 cups water
soup bone (ham or beef)
1 small head cabbage, cut and shredded
1 lb green beans, fresh or frozen, cut to bite-size pieces
2 large cans diced tomatoes
3 carrots, sliced boiled
6 med-size potatoes, peeled and cubed
3 cans white corn, drained
1 small bag frozen peas
1 small bag frozen lima beans (small or large, depending on preference)
3 to 5 small "soup size" female blue crabs, cooked
4 slices bacon
2 cans lump crab meat
1 can tomato or "V-8" juice (optional)
1 can tomato paste (optional)
Additional salt, pepper, and seafood seasoning to taste

Directions:
Add 4 cups water, soup bone, salt, pepper, and barley to large stock pot and simmer on "medium" heat for 30-45 min. (this creates the "stock" for your soup).
Add shredded cabbage and diced tomatoes, stir into broth. Allow to simmer for 15 min.
Add potatoes and carrots (carrots should be pre-cooked, as they overpower the flavor of  soup if added raw). Allow to simmer for additional 20-30 min., allowing potatoes to cook. Add 1 cup of water to soup at this time.
Add corn, green beans, lima beans, and peas to soup. Stir thoroughly, and allow to simmer for 20 min.
Open and "clean" soup crabs, removing and discarding lungs and mouths. Remove "innards" (goopy, yellow-brown substance, and orange paste-like substance)from the center of crabs, and place in separate bowl. In the crabs' "innards", you will find the crab bladder, which is a small, clear, round shaped mass. Remove these from bowl and discard.
Break crabs in half, and add to soup.  Sample soup at this time, adding additional salt, pepper and seafood seasoning to taste. Stir and simmer for 20 min.
In separate frying pan, fry 4 strips of bacon. Reserve bacon grease, and crumble bacon into soup.
Using grease from cooked bacon, sautee crab innards over low heat until mixture forms a gravy-like texture. Remove from heat and stir mixture into soup (this is what will give soup its flavor). Add 1 cup of water at this time and stir. Continue simmering for 45 min.
Add 2 cans of lump crab meat to soup. Stir thoroughly into soup. At this time, sample broth of soup, and add additional salt, pepper, and seafood seasoning to taste.
Continue simmering for 75 min., stirring constantly. Reduce to low heat and continue to simmer until ready to serve.
Serve with crackers.

Submitter: 
FoodJunkie
Description: 
This crab soup recipe mirrors the traditional crab soups made by Baltimore women over the last 50 years. It is a milder-flavored, lighter-colored soup than the ones typically served in modern seafood restaurants. Homemade crab soup is a staple at most Maryland cook-outs and family gatherings.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
5 h
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
