URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62399522/fish-soup/
Title:
Fish Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/430652.jpg
Ingredients:
3 Cups Fish Stock (I used about 8 small silver Kokanee salmon heads boiled in water with 1 onion in large pieces, about 4 stalks of celery in pieces, salt and 2 carrots cut in pieces for about 2 hours, then strained it.)
1 Can creamed corn
1 Can coconut milk
1 onion, chopped
2-3 carrots sliced into thin rounds
1 potato, peeled and diced into pieces
1 Cup minced celery or about 1 stalk
10-15 large sea scallops, frozen is fine
10-12 frozen prawns
1 lb. boneless sea bass (or other white meat fish)cut into bite size pieces
1 Cup fresh broccoli cut into small pieces
1 Cup diced tofu (optional)
1 package of instant Miso
3 cloves minced garlic
1 t lemon pepper
1/2 t curry powder
1 t garlic powder
1 t sea salt or other salted spice
1/4 to 1/2 of a lemon, seeds removed, for squeezing out the juice
1/2 cup cilantro, chopped
4 green onions or chives, chopped
6 teaspoons butter (optional)

Directions:
Note: you could use a premade or instant stock if you don't have time to make the real thing.  But if you do make it, use about 12 cups of water so you can have extra for the freezer for future soups.
Fish Stock: boil together fish heads, carrot, onion and celery in about 12 cups of water for a few hours, then salt to taste. Let it cool and pour into 3 or 4 ziplock bags, reserving 3 cups for Fish Soup.
If you're using a ziplock bag of frozen stock just soak it a few minutes (closed) in some water and it will slide right out.  Put stock into a soup pot and turn heat to medium high to help the melting process. While this is melting, chop the onion and peel and chop the potato, carrot and celery.  Add the onion, potato, carrot, celery, creamed corn and coconut milk. When the soup reaches boiling, reduce the heat to medium low and simmer these together for about 18 minutes until the veggies are becoming soft.  Add the scallops, prawns and sea bass as well as the spices. Turn heat back up to medium.  When soup again begins to simmer, add the broccoli and tofu and squeeze the fresh lemon into the pot.  After about 3-4 minutes turn off the stove and add the instant Miso.  Serve in bowls and add cilantro and green onion on top plus a squeeze of lemon as desired. If you want to serve pure luxury, add one teaspoon of butter to each bowl of soup.

Submitter: 
Bonny Buckley
Description: 
Delicious fish soup using stock made from fish heads.  The heads are thrown out after the broth is made but you get the minerals and richness of flavor from them.  The stock can be used for tomato-based soups such as boulliabase as well.  This is a very nourishing, tasty and comforting soup.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
<1 hr if stock is premade
Ready in:
40 min.
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
