URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62391025/sesame-crusted-tofu-with-spicy-pineapple-noodles/
Title:
Sesame-Crusted Tofu with Spicy Pineapple Noodles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/424843.jpg
Ingredients:
4 ounces udon noodles, or whole-wheat spaghetti
1/3 cup sesame seeds, preferably a mixture of white and black
1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon cornstarch, divided
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 14-ounce package extra-firm water-packed tofu, drained
4 teaspoons canola oil, divided
1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger
2 cloves garlic, minced
1-2 small dried red chiles, such as Thai, cayenne or chile de arbol
8 ounces sugar snap peas, trimmed (see Tip) and cut in half
1 6-ounce can pineapple juice, (3/4 cup)
2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons reduced-sodium soy sauce
2 cups diced fresh pineapple
2 teaspoons hot sesame oil

Directions:
1.Bring a large saucepan of water to a boil. Cook pasta according to package directions, drain and rinse well under cold water.
2.Mix sesame seeds, 1 tablespoon cornstarch and salt in a shallow dish. Cut the block of tofu lengthwise into 8 thin “steaks.” Pat dry with a paper towel, and press both sides into the sesame-seed mixture.
3.Heat 2 teaspoons canola oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the tofu and cook until golden brown, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate, cover and keep warm.
4.Wipe out the pan. Heat the remaining 2 teaspoons canola oil. Add ginger, garlic and chiles and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add snap peas and cook, stirring, until beginning to brown, about 2 minutes more. Add pineapple juice, bring to a boil and cook 2 minutes. Whisk the remaining 1 teaspoon cornstarch and soy sauce in a small bowl until smooth. Add to the pan and cook, stirring, until the sauce is thickened, about 1 minute. Reduce heat to low, add pineapple, sesame oil and the noodles; toss to coat with the sauce and cook until heated through, about 1 minute. Remove the chiles. Serve the noodles with the tofu.

Submitter: 
Irene Padilla Lopez
Description: 
The tropical flavors of the hot chile-spiked pineapple noodles that accompany the crispy tofu in this dish will take the chill out of any cold day.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
