URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62393949/chocolate-beet-cake-with-chocholate-sour-cream-frosting/
Title:
Chocolate Beet Cake with Chocholate Sour Cream Frosting Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
(Cake)
3/4 cup + 1/4cup unsalted butter, softened, divided
1/2 cup packed dark brown sugar
3 eggs at room temp
3 oz dark chocolate
4-5 medium beets (2 cup pureed)
1 tsp vanilla extract
2 cups all-purpose flour
2 tsp baking soda
1/4 tsp salt
(Frosting)
10 ounces unsweetened chocolate
1 pound cold unsalted butter, diced
3 cups powdered sugar, sifted (I'd use less next time, maybe 2 1/2-3 cups)
pinch of salt
1 tsp pure vanilla extract
1 cup sour cream

Directions:
In a mixing bowl, cream 3/4 cup butter and brown sugar. Add eggs one at a time, mixing well after each addition.
Melt chocolate with remaining butter in the microwave on high in 20 second intervals, stirring each time until smooth. Cool slightly. Blend chocolate mixture, beets and vanilla into the creamed mixture. The batter will appear separated so don’t fret.
Combine flour, baking soda, and salt; add to the creamed mixture and mix well. Divide batter into two greased and floured 8" round cake pans. Bake at 375F for 25-30 minutes or until a toothpick inserted near the center comes out clean. Cool in pan 15 minutes before removing to a wire rack. Cool completely before assembling cake.
(Frosting)
Place the chocolate in a metal bowl over a pan of simmering water. Once the chocolate has melted about halfway, remove the pan from the heat (leave the bowl in the pan) and let the chocolate finish melting. Meanwhile, place the butter in the bowl of a mixer with the paddle attachment and beat until very light and fluffy, scraping down the sides of the bowl often, about 5 minutes. With the mixer on low speed, slowly add the melted chocolate, and then stop the mixer and scrape down the bowl. Add the powdered sugar, very carefully turn the mixer back on at low speed and mix, again scraping down the sides of the bowl often, until smooth. Add the sale, vanilla and sour cream and mix until the frosting is very smooth.

Submitter: 
The Viking Bunny
Description: 
A very moist cake with a tangy chocolate frosting!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
