URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62390732/lady-and-sons-crab-stuffed-shrimp/
Title:
Lady and Sons Crab-Stuffed Shrimp Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon butter
3 green onions, finely chopped
1/2 cup finely chopped green bell pepper
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
4 1/2 teaspoons heavy cream
1 tablespoon Dijon mustard
Dash cayenne pepper
1/2 cup saltine cracker crumbs
1/4 cup mayonnaise
1 egg
2 tablespoons fresh parsley leaves
1/2 lemon, juiced
1 pound crabmeat, picked over
1 pound extra-large or jumbo shrimp (about 24 shrimp), peeled, deveined, tails on
12 slices bacon, halved crosswise
Steamed white rice, for serving, optional
Basil Cream Sauce, recipe follows
Basil Cream Sauce:
2 tablespoons butter
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 teaspoon minced garlic
1/2 cup diced onions
1/4 cup white wine
1/2 quart heavy cream
1 teaspoon chicken base
3 tablespoons Pesto, recipe follows
1 teaspoon Roux
Pesto:
2 cups fresh basil leaves
1 cup walnut pieces
1 cup grated Parmesan
1 teaspoon minced garlic
1 cup olive oil

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Melt butter in a skillet over medium heat and cook green onions, green pepper and garlic powder until peppers are limp. Place in mixing bowl and add cream, mustard and cayenne pepper to sauteed vegetables, mix well.
Roux:
Add cracker crumbs, mayonnaise, egg, parsley and lemon juice; mix well. Gently fold in crabmeat. Form into small patties sized to stuff into shrimp; set aside.
Split shrimp down the bottom center to tail, being careful not to cut through. Stuff each shrimp with crabmeat mixture. Wrap shrimp in bacon and secure with a toothpick. Place on a baking pan and cook at 350 degrees until bacon is crisp and shrimp are pink, about 15 to 20 minutes.
To serve, arrange 6 shrimp on each plate on a bed of rice, if desired. Drizzle with Basil Cream Sauce.
Basil Cream Sauce:
Heat butter and olive oil in a skillet over medium heat, add garlic and onion and cook until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Add white wine and reduce by half. Add heavy cream and chicken base and reduce by half again. Add pesto and roux, bring to a simmer and heat until slightly thickened, about 2 to 3 minutes.
Basil Cream Sauce:
Heat butter and olive oil in a skillet over medium heat, add garlic and onion and cook until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Add white wine and reduce by half. Add heavy cream and chicken base and reduce by half again. Add pesto and roux, bring to a simmer and heat until slightly thickened, about 2 to 3 minutes.
Pesto:
In a food processor, blend all ingredients until a coarse paste is formed. Place in an airtight container and refrigerate until ready to use.

Submitter: 
Catty
Description: 
Recipe courtesy Paula Deen
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 hr
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
