URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62400759/colonial-port-beef-pie/
Title:
Colonial Port Beef Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/431136.jpg
Ingredients:
1 Tbs. butter
1 large shallot finely chopped
1 bottle tawny port (750 ml or 3 1/4 c.)
3 sprigs fresh thyme
2 1/2 c. chicken broth
1 Portobello mushroom, sliced in 1/2 in. strips
3 Tbs. cornstarch
1 tsp. balsamic vinegar
sea salt
freshly ground pepper
1.5 lbs. diced stew beef
1 large onion
2 c. hard white flour
2/3 c. and 2 Tbs. butter
1 tsp. salt
7 Tbs. cold water

Directions:
For the sauce, melt 1 Tbs. butter in large saucepan, medium heat. Add diced shallot. Cook until softened, about 5 minutes.  Add all the port and thyme sprigs, and bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce to a brisk simmer. Cook until port and shallot has reduced to 1/2 cup, about 35 min.
At the same time, bring chicken broth to a simmer in a small saucepan. Once it simmers, turn off heat, and add half of mushroom.  Let mushroom soak for 15-20 min.
With slotted spoon, life mushroom to small bowl. Strain the soaking liquid through coffee filter, paper towel, or cheesecloth to remove any dirt sediment from mushrooms. Set stock aside. Dice mushrooms. Add enriched chicken stock and diced mushrooms to port reduction.
Bring sauce to a boil over high heat, then reduce to maintain a brisk simmer. Cook until it's reduced to about 1 1/2 cups, which is about 15 min.
Once sauce is reduced, in separate bowl, mix cornstarch with 1/4 cup cold water. Whisk rapidly into simmering sauce to thicken it. Add teaspoon fine balsamic vinegar, salt, and pepper to taste. Set aside.
For the filling, sauté stew beef until meat is still slightly pink inside. Set aside.
Sauté onions and remaining mushroom in beef drippings until onions are tender. Add to beef and set aside.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees. For the crust, combine flour and salt. Soften butter in microwave (15 sec.) and cut into flour. Add water and mix. If dough is too wet, add a little more flour. Divide dough in half and set one half aside. Roll out remaining half on floured surface. Form into 10" pie pan.
Spread sautéed mixture in bottom of pie crust. Pour sauce over it, spreading to edges. Roll out remaining pie dough and cover pie, sealing edges.
Bake at 400 degrees for 45 min. or until pie is flaky and golden. Cool 15 m

Submitter: 
SouthernSon
Description: 
Trying to replicate a dish from Williamsburg's Kings Arms Tavern, I formulated this recipe out of several: my mom's pie crust, an old Port wine sauce recipe, and, of all things, fajita filling.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 hr.
Ready in:
2 hrs.
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
