URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62403424/salmon-asparagus-orzo-pasta-salad/
Title:
Salmon & Asparagus Orzo Pasta Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/432744.jpg
Ingredients:
3/4 cup dry orzo pasta (regular or whole wheat)
1/2 pound asparagus (should be about 1 1/2 cups when chopped into 1 inch pieces)
1 clove garlic, minced
2 tablespoons red onion, finely chopped
2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
2 tablespoons lemon juice
10 ounces canned or cooked salmon (if canned, look for boneless, skinless pink salmon)
Dash of salt
1/2 tsp ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Cook the orzo in water like you would any other pasta, making sure to use a big enough pot that you can add the asparagus in at the end.
Cook the orzo for 8-10 minutes until it still has just a little bit of a bite to it.  At this point, drop in the 1 inch pieces of asparagus and cook for another 1-2 minutes.
If you desire to have this pasta served cold, you may go ahead and drain the water and rinse in cold water to bring down the temperature of the pasta and asparagus.  Otherwise, drain the pasta into a colander.
Pour the pasta and asparagus into a mixing or serving bowl.  Add the garlic and onion, olive oil, and lemon juice and stir to incorporate.
Drain the liquid from the canned salmon, and flake the salmon into the bowl as you would with making tuna salad.  Incorporate that in as well.
Add salt to taste.  Be aware that most salmon is packed in water, so you won't need a whole lot.  Add the black pepper as well, adding more or less to your taste.
Serve warm or cold.  If you desire to have some cheese on this dish, a sprinkle of goat cheese would go perfectly with the salmon.

Submitter: 
amacaday.com
Description: 
This is a great recipe if you're looking for new ways to incorporate salmon into your diet.  This recipe uses canned salmon which is less expensive than fresh, but feel free to steam up some fresh salmon instead if you desire.  Perfect for summertime, this recipe can be served hot or cold, as a side dish or an entree!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
