URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62407713/peanut-free-thai-chicken-satay/
Title:
Peanut Free Thai Chicken Satay Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/435504.jpg
Ingredients:
2 lbs chicken breast sliced
1 cup of mayonnaise
1 cup of yellow mustard
1/2 cup of pure honey
1 teaspoon of curry powder
skewers

Directions:
Prepare the chicken by slicing the breasts in two longways.  Place them in a zip baggy and smash with a mallet or rolling pin to thin out a bit being careful not to make it too thin.
Cut each cutlet into strips and add to skewers.  You may opt to just slice the breasts into strips and skewer them, omitting the first step.  Smashing them makes it cook faster so I like to add this step.  It's completely up to you.
Prepare the marinade in the order listed above.
Reserve 1/2 of the marinade as a dipping sauce, the other 1/2 will be for basting.
Pour some of the basting marinade on the chicken skewers before grilling.
Grill the chicken skewers on medium heat for approximately 4 minutes on each side.  Before removing form heat, brush more of the marinade on the chicken.  Grill for about 1 more minute and flip and repeat with the marinade.  Discard the basting marinade.  Grill for 1 more minute.
Remove from grill and serve with rice and reserved dipping sauce.

Submitter: 
Little Me TG
Description: 
It's a twist from the traditional Thai favorite.  Chicken satay was something I always looked forward to as a child when visiting family in Thailand.  Even though it's an appetizer, I love to eat it as a meal with rice.  When my youngest daughter was diagnosed with life threatening peanut and tree nut allergies, it changed everything.  I created this recipe by accident after trying to create a safe, homemade, peanut-free honey mustard sauce.  With the addition of curry powder, the taste is strikingly similar to the real thing!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
