URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62400149/savoury-vegetable-cheesecake/
Title:
Savoury Vegetable Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 packed cups coarsely grated zucchini (about 3 or 4 small zucchini)
a little salt
a little oil for the pan
1 tsp olive oil
1 minced onion
1/2 tsp salt
1 cup grated carrot
2 tbsp unbleached all purpose flour
2 tsp dried basil
1/2 tsp dried oregano
1/2 tsp dried thyme
5 medium cloves garlic, minced
1/4 cup minced fresh parsley
1 tbsp fresh lemon juice (could omit this)
3 cups (1 1/2 lbs) ricotta cheese
1 packed cup grated mozzarella
1/2 cup grated parmesan
3 beaten eggs
black pepper to taste
2 medium sized tomatoes, sliced into rounds, with each round sliced in half

Directions:
1. Place the grated zucchini in a colander over a sink. Salt lightly and let stand 15 minutes. Squeeze out all excess moisture.
2. Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 375F. Lightly oil the bottom of a 9 inch springform pan.
3. Heat 1 tsp olive oil in a large, deep skillet or a Dutch oven. Add the onion and 1/2 tsp salt, and saute over medium heat for about 5 minutes. Add zucchini, carrot, flour, and dried herbs, and cook, stirring over medium heat for about 5 more minutes. Remove from heat; stir in garlic, parsley, and lemon juice.
4. Place the cheeses and eggs in a large bowl, and beat vigorously for a minute or two. Add the vegetable mixture, and mix well. Season to taste with black pepper, and adjust salt, if necessary.
5. Transfer the mixture to the prepared pan. Arrange the tomato "Ds" in a lovely pattern on the top.
6. Bake in the center of the oven for 50 minutes. Cool for at least 20 minutes before remove the sides of the pan. Serve at any temperature. Refrigerate leftovers.

Submitter: 
The Viking Bunny
Description: 
A savoury cheesecake featuring ricotta, parmesean, and a medley of vegetables - goes wonderfully with tangy marinara sauce!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30-40 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
