URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62400125/strawberry-mascarpone-bars-no-bake/
Title:
Strawberry Mascarpone Bars (No-Bake) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 cups ginger cookie crumbs (basically all of the cookies from a 1 pound box, given a little wizz in a food processor, or sealed in a ziplock bag and bashed around with a rolling pin)
1 cup unsalted butter, melted
16 ounces mascarpone (or ricotta, if you're not neighbors with Vermont)
1/2 cup yogurt
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla
4 cups strawberries, hulled and sliced in half
1 cup redcurrant jelly (if you can't find it, use any red jelly like raspberry, for example)
1 tablespoons grand marnier

Directions:
In a medium bowl, stir together the melted butter and ginger cookie crumbs until the crumbs are all moistened. Line a 9x13 inch baking dish with parchment paper, then pat the cookie crumbs into the bottom. Put into the refrigerator while you prepare the rest.
In another medium bowl, whisk together the mascarpone, yogurt, sugar and vanilla. Pour the mixture over the ginger cookie crust, once it has firmed up in the refrigerator. Lay the strawberry halves in tight lines over the mascarpone layer. Make sure the strawberries are close together, with little filling showing. Return to the refrigerator.
In a small saucepan, heat the redcurrant jelly along with the grand marnier until they are melted together. Cool slightly, then brush the glaze over the strawberries and fill the cracks between berries with the glaze. Return to the refrigerator again until the glaze is firm.
To serve, lift the bars out of the pan by pulling out the parchment paper and use a sharp knife to cut into bars. Keep refrigerated.

Submitter: 
The Viking Bunny
Description: 
Gingersnap crust, a creamy blend of mascarpone and yogurt spiked with sugar and vanilla, and topped with strawberries brushed with red current jam and a little grand marnier. I knew you'd like it.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15-20
Ready in:
~1 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
