URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62402607/black-treacle-oatmeal-bread/
Title:
Black Treacle Oatmeal Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/432250.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 oz. (2 packages) fast-acting dry yeast
3 tablespoons black treacle (or molasses)
3 cups warm water (110 F/45 C)
3 tablespoons butter
3 tablespoons vital wheat gluten
1 tablespoon salt
1 cup "old fashioned" oats
6-1/2 cups "white whole wheat" unbleached flour

Directions:
Add 1-3/4 cups of water to oats; stir and microwave for three minutes. Oats will absorb water and swell. Let cool.
In a large bowl, dissolve yeast and treacle in remaining warm water. Let stand until yeast proofs, about five minutes.
Stir in butter, salt, gluten, oats and two cups of flour. This may be done in a stand mixer with a dough hook. After flour is incorporated, add another half cup, continue mixing. Repeat until dough pulls together away from sides of bowl.
Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic, about eight minutes. Form dough into a ball and place in a large bowl sprayed with cooking oil; cover with a damp cloth. Let rest for 10-15 minutes in a warm place. (If not using fast-acting yeast, first rise will take roughly one hour.) Start preheating oven to 425 degrees F (220 C).
Deflate dough and turn onto lightly floured surface. Divide into two equal pieces and form into loaves. Place into lightly-oiled loaf pans and cover with a damp cloth. Let rise until doubled in volume, 30-40 minutes (depending on yeast).
Slash tops of loaves longitudinally about 1/2" deep with razor blade. Mist with water from spray bottle and pat loose oats carefully on top. Place in oven immediately. Lower oven temperature to 375. Bake for 30 minutes.

Submitter: 
Michael Carmody
Description: 
A delicious, dense, whole-grain bread perfect for grilled sandwiches, toast, or just straight up with butter.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
