URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62400172/kvaefjordkaka-norwegian-cream-and-meringue-cake/
Title:
Kvæfjordkaka (Norwegian Cream and Meringue Cake) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the Cake:
100 grams granulated sugar
100 grams butter
5 egg yolks
100 grams all purpose flour
1 teaspoon vanilla sugar (see note above)
1 teaspoon baking powder
For the Meringue:
5 egg whites
200 grams of granulated sugar
100 grams of sliced almonds
For the filling:
1 cup of heavy cream
50 grams of instant vanilla sauce.

Directions:
For the Cake:
Beat butter and sugar until fluffy and light yellow. Add egg yolks, flour, sugar and baking powder and stir until combined. Line two cookie sheets with parchment paper.
Divide the batter in half. With a spatula spread half of the batter on one of the cookie sheets in a very, very thin rectangle. I'd estimate that ours was about 6x8 inches. Repeat with the second half of the batter. Set aside. (You'll feel like it's too thin and sticky and hard to spread, and will never be a cake.)
For the Meringue:
Preheat the oven to 350F.
In a clean bowl, with clean beaters, whip the egg whites. As they begin to thicken, add the sugar and continue to whip until stiff peaks form. Divide the meringue in half. Pour half over one of the cake batters spread on the cookie sheets. Using a spatula, spread the meringue out over the cake, making a rectangle a couple of inches larger than the rectangle of cake batter. Sprinkle half of the almond slices on top. Repeat with the other half of the meringue on the other half of the cake batter.
Bake for about 40 minutes until the cake is cooked through. Remove and cool to room temperature.
For the filling:
In another clean, cold bowl, whip heavy cream with  the vanilla sauce. Once the cake is cooled to room temperature, flip one of the cake sides over so that the almonds are facing down. Layer the filling on top, then place the other cake side over that to create a sandwich.
Refrigerate, then serve. The cake can be prepared a day in advance and kept in the refrigerator.

Submitter: 
The Viking Bunny
Description: 
This cake goes by several names. One is Kvæfjordkaka, or cake from Kvæafjord, a fjord in Northern Norway. It's also called Verdens Beste, or World's Best.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
