URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62405037/yummy-chocolate-chip-cookies/
Title:
Yummy Chocolate Chip Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 1/4 c Flour
1 tsp Baking Soda
1 tsp Salt
1 c Butter (soften)
3/4 c white sugar
3/4 c firmly packed brown sugar
1 tsp vanilla extract
2 eggs
2c semi sweet chocolate chips (or chunks)

Directions:
Pre heat oven to 375 F   (this can be reduced but your cooking time will increase.)
sift together flour, baking soda, and salt.  Set aside.
Cream together butter and sugar with a fork.
Beat together vanilla and eggs before adding it to butter mixture.  Stir well, it won't look very appetizing.
slowly add the dry ingredients to the wet making sure that ingredients are evenly mixed.  If you are using a hand mixer make sure that it is on low so that flour doesn't go everywhere.  Continue to add until everything is mixed together.
Fold in Chocolate chips.
Using two spoons drop cookies onto a pan (I use parchment paper to help with clean up.  You can reuse the same paper until all the cookies are baked.)  Make them about the size of a small bouncy ball/or golf ball. :)
You can make the cookies smaller or bigger depending on your preference.  Make sure the keep the cookies the same size. Don't forget to adjust the baking time for smaller cookies.  I like to make min cookies so that my students can share them more easily.
Of course it always works best if you do one batch at a time but this takes longer.

Submitter: 
Dawn Morris Blackburn
Description: 
I got this recipe off of a fellow teacher.  I am a very picky cookie eater so when I tried this recipe I thought it was one of the best chocolate chip cookie recipes that I had eaten.  It is the only one that I use now.  I sometimes 1/2 the chocolate chips.  The cookie batter is an excellent balance to the chocolate.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10-15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
