URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62401158/red-split-lentils----masoor-dal/
Title:
Red Split Lentils -- Masoor dal Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup white basmati rice (soaked for 15min-1 hr)
2 1/4 cups of water for each cup of un-soaked rice
1 1/2 cups of water for each cup of pre-soaked rice
1 cup Red split lentils (masoor dal). Salmon colored, round split lentils. Available widely in most supermarkets, usually in the bulk section.
6 cups water
1/2 cup finely diced red onion (optional)
1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon ground coriander
1/2 teaspoon black pepper (optional)
1/2 teaspoon cayenne powder (optional)
1 teaspoon salt, or to taste
Vegetables (optional):
1 cup frozen green peas, 1 cup of broccoli florets, diced tomatoes or sauteed mushrooms.
olive oil and/or butter
1 tablespoon peeled, finely grated fresh ginger
2-4 cloves garlic, peeled and finely grated

Directions:
Rinse rice over several changes of water and soak at room temperature for 15 minutes to 1 hour.
Combine the lentils and enough water to cover lentils in a heavy pan. Rinse lentils over several changes of water. Combine water and lentils and bring to a simmer. Remove any scum that collects at the top.
Add the onion, turmeric, cumin, coriander, black pepper and cayenne to lentils. Stir to mix. Cover leaving the lid slightly ajar, turn heat to low and simmer gently for 1 hour or until lentils are tender.
Stir frequently during the last 30 minutes to prevent sticking.
After rice has soaked, rinse rice. Combine rice and water in a heavy pan. Bring to a boil. Cover with a tight-fitting lid, turn heat to very low and cook for 20 minutes.
If using vegetables add to the lentils. Good to use 1 or 2 vegetable options. Vegetables can be added at any point while lentils are simmering. Time will depend on vegetable (If using mushrooms saute with the ginger garlic.) Add the salt and stir to mix.
Put the olive oil and/or butter in a small frying pan and set over medium heat. When hot put in the grated ginger and garlic. Stir a few times and quickly pour contents of the frying pan into the pan with the lentils. stir to mix.
Let lentils cook on low for another 5 minutes to let the ginger/garlic get absorbed.
Serve with rice.
Puree or mash with a fork for baby

Submitter: 
katie
Description: 
Indian inspired lentils the whole family will love and babies, too.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
1 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
