URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62403477/loaded-baked-potato-salad/
Title:
Loaded Baked Potato Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/432775.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 lbs. new red potatoes
3 cloves of garlic
3 strips turkey bacon (or regular bacon)
2 tsp dijon mustard
2 tsp apple cider vinegar
1 tsp cracked black pepper
1/2 tsp salt
1/4 cup mayonnaise (I recommend reduced fat)
1/4 cup sour cream (I again recommend reduced fat or fat free)
2 green onions, chopped
2 tsp dill

Directions:
Place potatoes into cold water and bring to a boil.  If using large potatoes, cut them into similar shapes for even cooking time.  Add the garlic cloves to the water with the skins on.
Cook potatoes until fork tender, but not falling apart.  Drain off water and rinse under cold water or in an ice bath until the potatoes no longer feel warm to the touch.
Cook the bacon until crispy and break into small bits.
While chilling the potatoes, combine in a bowl big enough to hold all of the potatoes these ingredients: dijon mustard, salt, pepper, apple cider vinegar, mayonnaise, sour cream, bacon bits, green onion, and dill.
Take the garlic cloves out of the potato bowl and squeeze the inner garlic out of its casing into the large bowl.  Take one or two of your potatoes and put them in with the wet ingredients.
Using a fork or potato masher, mash the garlic and potatoes until fluid with the rest of the ingredients.  If the mixture looks stiff at this point, add a bit of water or skim milk to thin it down.
Add the potatoes.  If you have large potatoes, cut them into bite-size pieces.  The chunks should be no bigger than 1/2 square inch.
If the salad does not look saucy enough for your liking, you can up the sour cream, mayo, or the entire wet mixture.
Let sit for best results and serve cold.

Submitter: 
amacaday.com
Description: 
Not your mama's potato salad!  This recipe features new red potatoes with the skins on and incorporates all the good things about a baked potato- green onion, bacon, and sour cream!  You can control how much fat is in this recipe by choosing regular, reduced fat, or fat-free sour cream and mayonnaise, though I don't recommend doing both fat-free.  Fat equals flavor!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
