URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62409007/italian-panzanella-bread-tomato-chicken-salad/
Title:
Italian Panzanella Bread, Tomato + Chicken Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4-6 ounces Rosemary-Olive Oil Bread or other flavored artisan bread, cut into 1 inch cubes
1/2 stick softened butter
1/8 teaspoon garlic powder
1/2 teaspoon coarse salt
1 (15 ounce) can garbanzo beans, rinsed and drained
1 small red onion, cut into 3/4 inch slices
10 kalamata olives, pitted and halved
1 lb cooked chicken breast, cubed
1/4 cup light olive oil or salad oil
1/4 cup balsamic vinegar
1 tablespoon minced fresh rosemary
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
1 hallock grape tomatoes, halved
1 bag romaine hearts or lettuce mixture
1/4 cup grated Parmigiano Reggiano

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
With a fork, mix the garlic powder into the softened butter until all is incorporated.
Spread garlic butter over the bread cubes to coat evenly.
Sprinkle with salt, and toss again.
Spread the cubed bread evenly over a baking sheet, and bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, about 12 minutes.  Remove from oven and allow to cool completely.
Toss together the garbanzo beans, tomatoes, onion, chicken and olives in a large bowl.
In a separate bowl, whisk together the balsamic vinegar, oil, rosemary and pepper.
Toss the tomatoes with the vinegar mixture, and let stand at room temperature for 30 minutes to 1 hour.
To serve, toss the tomato mixture with the bean mixture, and then toss with the bread cubes.
Tear romaine into bite-sized pieces, and divide into two portions and place on large salad plates.
Spoon the bread mixture over the romaine.
Sprinkle with grated Parmigiano Reggiano.

Submitter: 
Fishwrap
Description: 
This delicious bread salad makes a hearty meal for two people.Modified from: Italian Panzanella Bread + Chicken Salad
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
1 h 32 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
