URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62400184/komler-norwegian-potato-dumplings/
Title:
Komler (Norwegian Potato Dumplings) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
300 grams boiled potatoes
600 grams raw potatoes
1 teaspoon salt
60 grams barley flour
120 grams all purpose flour
1 liter beef stock, or bullion dissolved in water, or the water left from boiling a piece of salt mutton
1 piece of bacon, about 1" thick, diced into cubes about 1/2" large
1 piece of bacon, diced to small pieces
butter for cooking the bacon

Directions:
Using a food processor with the grating disk, grate the raw and boiled potatoes. The boiled potatoes will act as a glue to hold the raw potatoes together during cooking. Transfer the grated potatoes to a bowl and add the salt and both of the flours. Stir together to form a dough.
Pour stock into a large pot and bring to a boil. Reduce heat so that no bubbles break the surface.
Wet your hands and a spoon large enough to hold a dumpling about the size of a tennis ball. Using your hands, mound the potato dough into a ball, and insert a piece of bacon in the center. Set the Komler on the spoon and lower it into the broth. Keep the komler sitting on the spoon while your roll the next ball. When the next ball is ready to go, slip the spoon out from under the komler (you might want to use another, smaller spoon to help loosen it). Repeat the process until all of the komler are sitting happily in the broth. Cook for an hour and a half.
In the meantime, in a small saucepan, melt the butter. Add the diced bacon pieces and fry them until crispy. Serve the komler with boiled carrots and turnips, and with the bacon and butter poured over the top, as well as with sausage or salted mutton.

Submitter: 
The Viking Bunny
Description: 
Potato dumplings, with a little nugget of bacon stuffed inside, boiled in meat stock.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
