URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62418360/greek-salad/
Title:
Greek Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
One large bunch parsley (regular parsley, not italian)
1 large cucumber or 2 small ones
2 bags ripened-on-the vine cherry tomatoes (You know -- the ones that come in the little green mesh bags.)
One or two blocks feta cheese. (I'm real picky about this -- it shouldn't be the crumbled feta or the flavors won't meld together as well. Also, don't get the feta with black pepper or any other flavoring -- plain is best. I like the Athenos brand if you can find it.)
1 or two cups chopped purple onion (green onions are good too but purple is best)
I sometimes add a few raw radishes
Mezetta Greek Pepperoncini
Peloponnese Kalamata Olives (I like the pitted ones)
Regina or Italian Kitchen Red Wine Vinegar
Extra Virgin Olive Oil
Lawry's Lemon Pepper
4 - 6 cooked chicken breasts, chopped or shredded (You can leave the chicken out if you'd like but I usually add it if it is our main dish.)

Directions:
Slice the tomatoes in quarters, chop the onion, slice the radishes, chop or shred the chicken. As for the parsley, I just sort of pull the leaves off the stems. Put all of the above in a large bowl. Check the mixture -- it should be primarily tomatoes and onions. Add the chicken and toss it in. Then add the feta on the top of the salad mixture. Before mixing the feta in sprinkle tons of Lawry's Lemon Pepper and the red wine vinegar on top. (It really helps the flavors permeate the cheese this way.) Then, add olive oil and toss. Add the greek olives and pepperoncini on the top. I don't usually toss the olives and pepperoncini in, I just leave them on top. It helps them stay evenly distributed throughout the salad.
And that's it. It's awesome and because you don't have lettuce in it, it's great to eat the next day too. (If you're leary of the parsley, you can use red leaf lettuce too, but, you really should try the parsley. There's something about the flavor or the parsley melding with the other ingredients that is absolutely amazing.)

Submitter: 
Sally
Description: 
from mauihawaii on message board
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
