URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62418594/scampis-a-la-sauce-a-la-creme-a-la-vanille-scampi-in-a-vanilla-cream-sauce/
Title:
Scampis à la Sauce à la Crème à la Vanille (scampi in a vanilla cream sauce) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/443249.jpg
Ingredients:
1+  lb of the largest raw Shrimp available
(cleaned, deveined, and butter flied)
2 big tablespoons finely chopped Onion
3 tablespoons Butter
¼ cup chopped fresh Parsley (packed)
½ + cup White Wine (I used Semillon)
1 cup Heavy Whipping Cream
½ teaspoon powdered Chicken Bullion
1 teaspoon Pure Vanilla Extract
¼ teaspoon Red Tabasco Sauce
1 teaspoon dried Oregano (not ground)
1 teaspoon Flour (Wondera is good)
One eighth teaspoon ground Black Pepper

Directions:
Clean Shrimp as instructed, and place in ice water.
Combine Cream, Chicken Bullion, Vanilla, Tabasco Sauce, Oregano, Flour, and ground Black Pepper in a Micro-safe bowl and set aside.
Sauté White Onion in Butter until butter is clarified (about 1 or so minuets). Save a bit of Parsley for garnish, and add most of the Parsley to Onion sauté mix; cook for one more minuet. Add White Wine to mix; heat to slow boil on medium heat until sauce is reduced about 50%.
Heat Cream mix in micro until hot (DO NOT BOIL).  I may take several heating’s at 30 seconds stirring in between.
Add Shrimp to Butter/Onion/Parsley/Wine pan; poach on each side until barely pink; about 1 minute each side (do not overcook!). Let pan cool a bit, slowly add warmed Heavy Cream mix; warm 1 more minuet. DO NOT BOIL, AS SAUCE WILL BREAK (separate).
Quickly place individual servings of Shrimp on plate, pour it over with sauce, and garnish with remaining Parsley.

Submitter: 
David Van Klinken
Description: 
Jumbo fresh prawns, cream, and vanilla extract seem a rather unusual combination, however, in a moment of inventiveness, I thought, “what if?”
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
