URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62419130/cao-lau/
Title:
Cao Lau Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/443519.jpg
Ingredients:
1 ½ pounds pork tenderloin – cubed or thin sliced
2 pounds fresh thick Vietnamese style rice noodles – about cooked linguine thickness
2 cups bean sprouts
4-6 cloves garlic – minced
2 tsp Chinese 5 spices
2 T soy sauce
2 tsp sugar
¼ tsp chicken bouillon powder
1 tsp ground paprika
2 T vegetable oil
2 T water
Lettuce and/or Asian greens (thai basil, cilantro, etc.)
Rice paper croûtons, or broken chicharron (pork or vegetarian), or crispy chow mein noodles
Bunch chopped green onions

Directions:
Prepare a marinade of the garlic, 5 spice, soy sauce, sugar, bouillon, paprika.
Blend the cubed or sliced pork into the marinade.
Chill marinade and pork for at least 1 hour, or longer.
Heat a large pot of water to boil for use in a few minutes after the pork is cooked.
Stir fry pork in medium heat oil gently until safely cooked, and tender.
Add 2 tablespoon water and continue gentle stir fry about 2 minutes.
Remove from heat and set aside.
Immerse or rinse rice noodles in cold water, gently breaking apart until loose. Drain noodles.
Immerse noodles into pot of boiling water.
Test noodles every 10 seconds until firm and half tender, about 30 seconds. Don't overcook!*
Immerse bean sprouts into boiling water with the noodles.
In about 30 seconds noodles should be firm and not quite done. Immediately drain into colander.
Stir pork and noodles in a large serving dish.
The dish should be very moist and saucy.
Top with chopped greens, croutons, and chopped green onion.

Submitter: 
Michael Kuhn
Description: 
Cao lau is made with noodles, pork, and greens traditionally found only in the town of Hoi An, Vietnam. This recipe approximates authentic cao lau with easier to find ingredients. Serves 3-4.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
2 h or more
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
