URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62410670/curried-cream-of-cauliflower-soup/
Title:
Curried Cream of Cauliflower Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/437432.jpg
Ingredients:
1 ½ teaspoons medium curry powder
2 Tablespoons groundnut oil
1 medium onion, roughly chopped (note - some like slightly less onion, depends on the strength of the onion!)
1 Large Cauliflower, trimmed and cut, using the small little "flowers" or "florets"
Water to cover the cauliflower
210 ml (just under a cup; 1 cup = 236.6 ml) whipping cream (can use milk, natural yoghurt or coconut milk here - but if using the yoghurt or coconut milk, do not boil them as they separate)
salt and freshly ground black pepper

Directions:
In a largish pan, over a low to medium heat (if too high, it will burn and become bitter), with the lid on, sweat the chopped onion with the curry powder in the groundnut oil for 5 minutes, until the onion is just softening.
Remove the lid, add the florets of cauliflower, increase the heat to a good medium, stir well to mix everything evenly, and cook for 3 or 4 minutes until the cauliflower is thoroughly warmed
Add the water to the pan and bring to the boil
Simmer for a good 10 minutes or more, until all the cauliflower is completely soft (note you may have to add water from time to time to keep the cauliflower submerged!)
Add the cream and bring to a simmer point, then remove from the heat and allow to cool for 5 minutes or so
Either use a manual whizzer, or blend it all in a liquidiser
Season well and set aside until required
To serve, either fill bowls as is and decorate as below, thus giving a cool/cold soup, or reheat the soup gently before pouring into bowls
Decorate with the Curried groundnut oil garnish and the Cilantro purée (as in the picture maybe?)
We then top it off with lightly crushed coriander seeds.

Submitter: 
JDawnP
Description: 
This recipe was originally produced by a Michelin-starred well-known TV chef. The owner of our café took it and tweaked it. This is what WE do to make it. The two garnishes are posted separately. We offer it to our guests either hot or cold.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
