URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62417044/awesome-baked-chicken/
Title:
Awesome baked Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 boneless skinless chicken breast or 3 boneless skinless chicken strip for every person.
1 tablespoon of Kraft or Hellman's mayo for every serving of chicken
1Tablespoon of fresh or grated parmasen cheese for every tablespoon of mayo used.
italian seasoning
salt & pepper
parsley and basil - I use McCormick's dryed( it's in a seasoning container)
Garlic powder
bread crumbs - I use progresso plain, then i season it my self
Depending on how many pieces of chicken, you will need enough provolone cheese to cover the chicken.

Directions:
Take your boneless skinless chicken breast and put them your favorite steaming pan, if use a skillet with a lid you will need to use some olive oil or/butter or nonstick spray for the pan.  put the chicken in the pan, lightly season with salt and pepper, italian seasoning and or basil and parsley(dehydrated) and garlick powder.
Cover and let steam until the chicken is 3/4 of the way done.
Take out of steamer pan and put chicken into a (non-stick) sprayed baking dish, big enough to hold the amount of chicken you have just fixed.
lay chicken out into baking dish. Season lightly again with the same seasoning you used when you intially steamed the chicken.
Then, in a bowl, mix 1 tblsp. of mayo and 1tblsp. of grated parmasen cheese, for every serving of chick.
mix mayo and parm. cheese well, add a little of italian seasoning and pepper to the mayo/parm. mix.  spoon and smooth 1 tblsp. of the mix over each piece of chicken.
After you have smoothed the mayo mix over the chicken, cover each piece of chicken with provolone cheese.
Finally, sprinkle bread crumbs over the cheese,enough to completely cover cheese, then seasont he bread crumbs with a little salt and pepper and italian seasoning.
Spray the bread crumbs with a non-stick spray, this make's the bread crumbs not be dry and will make it brown well.
Put your awesome chicken in the oven at 350 for about 20-30 min, until the chicken is done thru and thru and the bread crumbs are golden brown.  (If your bread crumbs are not browning, spray a little more non-stick spray on them.
After done, take out and enjoy.  I like to serve it with steamed broc.and yellow saffron rice!! Yum-mo!

Submitter: 
aprilg
Description: 
This is a fast and easy-pleaser to feed as few or as many that you want!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10min
Ready in:
about 1 hr
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
