URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62417779/never-fail-crowd-pleasing-lasagna/
Title:
Never Fail, Crowd Pleasing Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/442691.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 box no boil lasagna noodles
1 jar of pasta sauce
1 14 ounce can of diced tomatoes
1 small container of cottage cheese
1 small zucchini sliced as thick as you wish
3 cups shredded mozarella cheese
1 cup parmesan cheese
1/2 LB lean ground beef or turkey
1/2 Tbsp dried oregano
1/2 Tbsp dried basil
2 cloves of garlic (less if you're not a garlic fan)
1 Tsp olive or vegetable oil

Directions:
In a large saute pan over medium, heat the oil and add ground beef.  Break into small pieces and cook thoroughly, stirring occasionally.  When cooked, drain beef onto a plate lined with paper towel to absorb grease and wipe out the pan.  Return beef to pan, adding pasta sauce, can tomatoes, basil, oregano and garlic.  Bring to a gentle boil for 5 minutes and then set aside.
In a 9x13 casserole dish (I use glass pyrex dish), spread a thin layer of sauce over the bottom to avoid sticking.  Cover this with noodles which you may have to break into smaller pieces to fit nicely.  Add more sauce, some cottage cheese (it doesn't spread well so I just put a few spoonfuls here and there), some slices of zucchini, light sprinkle of parmesan and light layer of mozzarella.
Repeat with more noodles and toppings.  End with a layer of noodles and then sauce.  Cover with aluminum foil and refigerate overnight or at least 8 hours.  When you're ready to cook, place the cold dish (still covered) in the cold oven.  Turn temperature to 350 and bake for 50 minutes or until bubbly and the smell becomes too much to handle.  Remove foil, add some parmesan and mozarella then bake for 10 more minutes.  Let cool a few minutes and serve with salad and bread.

Submitter: 
TrudyNH
Description: 
Everyone has a lasagna recipe they love but it took me a long time to find one that would not fail.  This has a bit of prep work to it but in the end, it's worth it.  Too all the cheese lovers out there-try not to put huge mounds of cheese between the layers as it just makes for a gummy product.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
