URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62416911/shrimp-pasta-salad-with-key-lime-mango-vinaigrette/
Title:
Shrimp & Pasta Salad with Key Lime-Mango Vinaigrette Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/442067.jpg
Ingredients:
1 loaf French Bread
5.3 oz. Goat Cheese
1/4 c. extra virgin olive oil
30 jumbo shrimp, deveined, peeled, tails on
1/2 lb. angel hair pasta, cooked
1 1/2 c. Mesclun salad greens mix
3 mangoes, pureed
1 Tbsp. garlic, minced
2 oz. key lime juice
1 mango, peeled and diced into 1/4" pieces
8 oz. light olive oil
2 oz. champagne vinegar
1 tsp. kosher salt
1/2 tsp. black pepper
1 Tbsp. fresh basil, chopped

Directions:
KEY LIME-MANGO VINAIGRETTE:  Peel the mangoes and puree, along with the garlic and key lime juice, in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the metal blade.   Transfer mixture to a medium bowl.  Add all remaining ingredients and mix well with whisk.
GOAT CHEESE CROUTONS:  Slice the break into 3/4" slices on the bias.  Spread goat cheese evenly over top of bread.  Drizzle with olive oil.  Just prior to serving, place in a warm oven for 5 minutes.  (Bake these just before serving!)
Steam shrimp over boiling water until pink, approximately 4 to 5 minutes.  Remove from heat and cool.
In a medium bowl, toss angel hair pasta with 1/2 c. vinaigrette and set aside.
In a separate bowl, add enough dressing to lightly coat salad greens and toss well.
Divide salad greens evenly onto serving plates.  Arrange 5 shrimp on salad leaving space in middle for pasta.
Divide the pasta into six portions and twirl each portion onto a fork.  Gently slide pasta off of the fork and into the center of each salad.
Serve with freshly-baked Goat Cheese Croutons.

Submitter: 
Dawn Eberly Wampler
Description: 
This fresh, citrusy entree salad is a creation of Chef Greg Common of The Common Grill in Ann Arbor Michigan.  The Goat Cheese Croutons are a definite must with this dish though it will stand alone quite successfully.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
