URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62417842/death-by-chocolate-cake/
Title:
Death by Chocolate Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/442724.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pkg. plain devil's food or dark chocolate fudge cake mix
1 small pkg. chocolate instant pudding mix
1/3 c. cocoa powder
4 large eggs
1 c. sour cream
1/2  c.  water
1/2  c. vegetable oil (canola, corn, safflower, soybean or sunflower)
1 1/2  c. semisweet chocolate chips and milk chocolate mixture (4 to 1)
ganache for glaze (recipe below)
Ganache ingredients:
3/4 c. heavy cream
1 1/3 c. semi-sweet chocolate chips

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350. Liberally great pan with butter or shortening.  Then dust with cocoa powder. Shake out the excess.. Set the pan aside.
Place the cake mix, pudding mix, cocoa powder, eggs, sour cream, warm water and oil in a large mixing bowl. Blend with an electric mixer on low speed for 1 minute. Stop the machine and scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. Increase the mixer speed to medium and beat 2-3 minutes more, scraping the sides down again if needed. The batter should look thick and well combined. Fold in the chocolate chips, making sure they are well distributed throughout the batter.
Pour the batter into the prepared pan, smoothing it out with the rubber spatula. Place the pan in the oven.
Bake the cake until it springs back when lightly pressed with your finger and just starts to pull away from the sides of the pan, 45-50 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven and place it on a wire rack to cool for 20 minutes. Run a long, sharp knife around the edge of the cake and invert it onto the rack to cool completely, 20 minutes more.
While cake is mostly cooked, pour desired amount of ganache over the top as a glaze.
Ganache directions: Warm cream until it boils.
Chop chocolate in small pieces in food processor.
Pour cream over chocolate with food processor running and continue until smooth.  Let cool for about 10 minutes before putting on cake.
Store remaining ganache in refrigerator.
Sprinkle top of cake with mini chocolate chips.
Grate milk chocolate over the top.

Submitter: 
KramerGirls
Description: 
This is an easy chocolatey cake for those who can't get enough chocolate like Todd  who works with my husband.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
