URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62413094/roast-with-gravy/
Title:
Roast with gravy Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
One 3 lb sirloin tip roast (or chuck roast)
1 onion
4 cloves garlic
2 cups coffee
1 1/2 cups water
2 cubes beef boullion
2 tablespoons olive oil
6 basil leaves
1 tablespoon salt
1 teaspoon pepper
1/2 cup flour
1/2 cup water

Directions:
Chop your onion into good sized chunks and mince your garlic then set aside.  In a deep pan warm your olive oil - get it good and hot (I use a stock pot.)  Sear the roast for about 2 minutes on each side or until it is browned slightly.  Once your roast is seared remove it from the pan and place it on a plate.  Place the onion and garlic into the pan and cook until the they are carmalized - about 5 to 10 minutes.  Place the roast back into the pan and add your coffee and  1 1/2 cups water.  Add the salt, pepper, boullion and basil leaves.  Bring this to a boil.  Once it starts boiling cover and reduce heat to medium/low.  Let this cook for about 2 to 3 hours (or until meat is falling apart.)  Remove the basil leaves and discard.  Take the meat out of the pan and place into a serving dish covered while keeping the medium heat on the broth in the pan.  In a measuring cup mix your flour and water together with a whisk until smooth.  Add this to your broth slowly stirring with a whisk.  Stir constantly until a gravy is formed - should be somewhat clear.  Add salt to taste.  Pour some of the gravy over your meat and reserve the rest in a bowl.  Serve with mashed potatoes and your favorite vegetables!
If you don't mind straining carrots from the broth - they go well with this and give a good flavor.  Just add them in before you cover the meat.  I usually do one  to one and a half small bags of baby carrots.

Submitter: 
Laura Tanner-Humphreys
Description: 
Roast like grandma used to make and easy gravy.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
