URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62410447/the-best-panna-cotta-you-will-ever-have/
Title:
The Best Panna Cotta You Will Ever Have Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/437277.jpg
Ingredients:
Panna Cotta:
½ cup	Water  (for blooming gelatin)
½ oz	Gelatin (about 1 tablespoon)
2 ½ c.	Heavy Cream
1 qt.	Buttermilk
2 ea	Vanilla Bean (fresh) Split & Scraped
1 cup 	Sugar
Blueberry Topping:
8 oz.   Fresh Blueberries
1/2 C.   Orange Juice
1 C.    Sugar (more if needed)

Directions:
Panna Cotta:
Place needed panna cotta dishes on a sheet pan. 4 oz. portion cups work best.
Fill stockpot half full with water and place on burner. Bring to light boil.
Combine heavy cream and sugar in large mixing bowl.
Half and scrape vanilla beans and place scrapings and beans in mixing bowl.
Mix ingredients in large metal bowl thoroughly with whisk. Be sure bean specks have broken up.
Place bowl over boiling stock pot and mix ingredients until in between warm and hot. (Just enough to melt sugar)
DO NOT OVERCOOK MIXTURE!!
Remove bowl from stock pot and pour through small strainer.
Mix gelatin and water to bloom gelatin. Stir quickly with large toothpick until all gelatin is bloomed. (If gelatin has any lumps, place in microwave for short time until liquid again and stir again.) DO NOT OVER COOK THE GELATIN OR YOUR BEAUTIFUL PANNA COTTA WILL TASTE LIKE MEAT!!
Combine gelatin and warm mixture and whisk thoroughly. Let mixture sit for 20 minutes or until slightly cooler to let gelatin set up.
Combine buttermilk and mixture and whisk thoroughly. Buttermilk should help mixture cool so the panna cotta can set up.
Pour immediately into panna cotta dishes, cover with wrap and place in refrigerator.
Let sit for 6 hours. Preferably overnight.
Toasted Blueberry Topping:
Place blueberries in large sauce pan and heat until slightly toasted. (should extract some juice from the berries)
Add orange juice and sugar to blueberries and stir.
Bring mixture to a simmer. Just bubbling.
Reduce by half and let it cool.
Should be syrupy in consistency.
NOTE:   The best way to serve this dish is to scrape the sides of the panna cotta dish and flip the panna cotta on a plate. Then top with

Submitter: 
TheDoorMatt
Description: 
Got this from a restaurant I used to work at called Pizzeria 712 in Orem, Utah. Great restaurant by the way. It will knock your socks off! Super Easy! Super Fast!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
6 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
