URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62413871/salade-lyonnaise/
Title:
Salade Lyonnaise Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/439761.jpg
Ingredients:
Salad:
1 head romaine lettuce (chopped)
2 cups curly endive OR 1 cup arugula (chopped)
1 cup smoked bacon (chopped)
2 roma tomatoes (sliced)
1 small onion (chopped fine)
2 garlic cloves (chopped fine)
4 eggs
Dressing:
1 cup extra virgin olive oil
1/2 cup red wine vinegar
2 tablespoons dijon mustard
1 teaspoon sugar
2 tablespoons herbes de provence
Salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Begin by heating a pan over medium heat, add the bacon once the temperature is reached.
While bacon is cooking, insure all lettuce is cleaned and well dried and place in a salad bowl, mixing the arugula, curly endive (aka frisée) and the romaine lettuce.
Remove bacon from heat, place on layered paper towels to soak up the oil.
Poach all 4 eggs, ensuring it's squishy in the middle, set each aside on a plate.  To poach eggs:  place about 2-3 cups water into a shallow pan and bring to a boil.  Reduce the heat so there are no bubbles.  Either break the egg directly (gently) into the hot water, or place in a separate bowl and release into the hot water.  Once in the water, use a spoon to lift the white and more water over the egg.  Do each egg separately.  You can also serve with a sunny-side up fried egg, yolk still squishy, if the poaching does not work.
Mix together the dressing ingredients, which will create a mild vinaigrette.  Simply whisk the ingredients together in a bowl or shake in an empty glass jar.  Adjust according to personal taste.
Assemble the salad by the following layers for each plate: 1.5 cup lettuce mixture, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, sprinkled around lettuce, 1/4 of the sliced roma tomatoes, 1/4 of the chopped onions, 1/4 cup smoked cooked bacon and finally top with the poached or sunny-side fried egg.
Serve the vinaigrette on the side, or place about 1/4 of the mixture over the finished salad.
Enjoy as an entrance to a meal, or double for a main dish.

Submitter: 
Snackybits
Description: 
Here in Lyon, France there are little bouchons everywhere that serve pork as a specialty.  One of the entry-meal items is a salad called, Salade Lyonnaise.  This salad is delicious in flavor, packed with protein and amazingly healthy considering the taste. I changed some of the ingredients to reflect a better flavor. Very simple, very French.  This makes enough salad for 4 people.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
25 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
