URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62410544/asian-orange-chicken/
Title:
Asian Orange Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/437338.jpg
Ingredients:
Sauce:
1 1/2 cups water
2 tablespoons orange juice
1/4 cup lemon juice
1/3 cup rice vinegar
2 1/2 tablespoons soy sauce
1 tablespoon grated orange zest
1/4c Splenda Brown Sugar Blend
1/2 teaspoon minced fresh ginger root
1/2 teaspoon minced garlic
2 tablespoons chopped green onion
1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes
3 tablespoons cornstarch
2 tablespoons water
Chicken:
2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into 1/2 inch pieces
Vegetables
1 red onion, chopped into large pieces
1 red bell pepper, chopped into large pieces
2 Cups, brown rice, cooked

Directions:
Pour 1 1/2 cups water, orange juice, lemon juice, rice vinegar, and soy sauce into a saucepan and set over medium-high heat. Stir in the orange zest, Splenda Brown Sugar Blend, ginger, garlic, chopped onion, and red pepper flakes. Bring to a boil. Remove from heat, and cool 10 to 15 minutes.
Place the chicken pieces into a resealable plastic bag. When contents of saucepan have cooled, pour 1 cup of sauce into bag. Reserve the remaining sauce. Seal the bag, and refrigerate at least 2 hours.
Heat a large skillet on medium heat.  Add chicken on one side and veggies on the other.  Cook until chicken is brown and veggies are crisp tender.  Remove and place aside.
Wipe out the skillet, and add the sauce. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Mix together the cornstarch and 2 tablespoons warm water; stir into the sauce. Reduce heat to medium low, add the chicken pieces and vegetables, and simmer, about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Serve over brown rice.

Submitter: 
staceywatts
Description: 
Having a love for Asian food and orange chicken I decided to give this recipe a try.  I decided to alter it to fit my current dietary needs thus making it healthier.Modified from: Asian Orange Chicken
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
3 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
