URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62419355/grilled-garlic-and-rosemary-pork-tenderloin/
Title:
Grilled Garlic and Rosemary Pork Tenderloin Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 (3/4-Ib.) pork tenderloins
2 large cloves garlic, peeled and minced or pushed through a garlic press
2 tsp. kosher salt
4 tsp. minced fresh rosemary leaves or 2 tsp. dried rosemary, broken up or chopped
1/2 tsp. fresh-ground black pepper
2 TB. olive oil

Directions:
Rinse tenderloins under cold running water, and pat dry with paper towels.
On a cutting board, mix garlic with kosher salt, and mash to a paste using the side of a large, heavy knife. In a small bowl, stir together garlic paste, rosemary, pepper, and olive oil. Brush marinade all over tenderloins. Marinate, uncovered, at room temperature for 20 to 30 minutes.
Fire up the grill:
For a charcoal grill: Open the bottom vents. Ignite 6 quarts or 2 1/2 pounds charcoal briquettes or hardwood charcoal. When the coals are hot, set up for a one-level medium-heat fire (so you can hold your hand 5 inches above the cooking rack for only 4 to 5 seconds).
For a gas grill: Turn each burner to high and ignite. Cover the grill. When hot, set the burners to medium heat.
On a charcoal or gas grill: Grill tenderloins on lightly oiled grill rack, directly over coals or heat, 20 to 30 minutes, turning occasionally, or until an instant-read thermometer registers 150°F when inserted horizontally into center of tenderloin. Transfer tenderloins to a cutting board, and let stand 5 minutes. Slice and serve.
Note: When you purchase pork tenderloins, they come packaged in a plastic pouch. Those pouches hold two tenderloins, even though it looks like one large one. Many times the two tenderloins are not identical, one being larger and heavier than the other. Take this into consideration when estimating grilling time.

Submitter: 
BUSYBEE25
Description: 
easy on grill
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
60
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
