URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62427368/home-made-spaghetti-sauce/
Title:
Home-Made Spaghetti Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
20-30 lbs. Fresh picked tomatoes
1/2 cup Lemon juice
1/4 cup chopped onions
1/8 cup chopped garlic (approx. 3 cloves fresh)
3 tbls. Basil
3 tbls. Oregano
3 tbls. Marjoram
1 tbls. Black Pepper
1 tbls. Sea Salt
1/2 cub grated parmesan cheese

Directions:
Score tops of tomatoes and place into boiling water 4-5 at a time for about 1 minute. Remove from boiling water and plunge into ice water. Skins will practically fall off. Repeat process with all tomatoes.
Cut peeled tomatoes into quarters and use thumbs to scoop out seeds into large bowl. Then gently queeze excess juice into same bowl.
Place squeezed tomatoes into large stock pot and bring to a boil, stirring frequently to avoid sticking. DO NOT ADD WATER, most tomatoes contain more than enough even after squeezing to prevent burning.
Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tomatoes cook down and begin to thicken. (about 2 hours).
***While sauce is simmering, strain juice from queezing bowl into a larg saucepan and bring to a boil for about 2 minutes. Remove from saucepan into bowl and place in refrigerator to cool. Pour into quart freezer bags (four cups per bag)and freeze flat on trays. Use in soups, stews, and gravies.***
Add all of above ingredients and continue to simmer, stirring occasionally, for 3-4 more hours.
Turn of heat and let cool on stove overnight.
Warm sauce and use a hand mixer on medium to break down remaining tomatoes. Turn off heat.
Pour into quart-size freezer bags (four cups per bag). Seal bags and lay flat on trays in freezer. Once, frozen bags will store flat for 9-12 months.

Submitter: 
Lisa Garnier
Description: 
This recipe is a variation on the Ball Blue Book spaghetti sauce recipe. I love it because it freezes wonderfully and provides a taste of summer in those cold winter months!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
