URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62427808/vegetable-lo-mein/
Title:
Vegetable Lo Mein!!! Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/449796.jpg
Ingredients:
SAUCE:
1 1/2 tablespoon of brown sugar
1/3 cup of sherry cooking wine
1/3 cup of soy sauce
3 teaspoons of sesame oil
1 teaspoon of garlic powder
NOODLES:
2/3 package(16 oz. package) of pasta of your choice. Preferably linguine. Drain and rinse with COLD water until the water runs clear. **Place in freezer for 15-25 minutes, uncovered
VEGGIES:
Choose what you like, but these are the ones I use:
2 cups of napa cabbage, finely sliced
1/2 cup of carrots, shredded
3 stems of green onion, thinly sliced,white part
1/2 cup of mung bean sprouts
2 stalks of celery, thinly sliced
5 cloves of garlic, minced
1 tablespoon of sesame oil (for light frying of veggies)

Directions:
Cut up veggies as directed, and set aside.
Prepare sauce mixture, and set aside.
Prepare noodles as directed.  Take noodles from freezer.
In a pan, heat oil on medium heat and add onion and garlic, but before they turn brown, add the rest of the veggies, and stir occasionally for about five minutes. Drain excess liquid from veggies, and then turn heat to low-medium.
In a separate pan for sauce,  add your prepared sauce mixture and cook on medium heat until it bubbles up.  Then turn off heat.
Now, in the pan with the veggies, gradually stir in handfuls of your pasta, tossing  until evenly coated in oil and veggies.  After stirring for about five minutes, gradually add in the sauce mixture,  until evenly coated.  Finally turn off the heat, cover, and let sit for ten minutes so that the sauce will stick to the pasta better.  Uncover, and stir for another minute and now the lo mein is ready to serve. ENJOY!!!

Submitter: 
Victoria
Description: 
This is very similar to the veggie lo mein from Chinese take-out.  Your tummy will stay full, and so will your wallet!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
35
Ready in:
50
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
