URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62428967/nopale-rellanos-fried-cactus/
Title:
Nopale Rellanos (Fried Cactus) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/449694.jpg
Ingredients:
3 Whole Cactus Paddles
Husk only of 1 Tomatillo
1/2 Teaspoon Salt
1/3 lb Monterrey Cheese or Oaxaca Cheese
4 Eggs - Seperate egg whites and yolks
1 Cup Flour
Oil for frying
Sauce:
4 Roma Tomatoes
1 White Onion
1 Jalapeno
3 Garlic Cloves
1-2 Tablespoons Oil
1/4 teaspoon cumin
1 to 1/2 teaspoon salt (to taste)
1/2 teaspoon pepper (to taste)
1/3 cup water
1/2 chicken bouillon cube

Directions:
To prepare the cactus, hold by the end and use a scrub brush (or kitchen sponge) to lightly scrub off the thorns on cacus paddle.  Flip and repeat on other side.  Set aside and finish then all.  Cut the "stem/butt" end off of cactus, and continue to cut around the outside edge of cactus.  Cut each directly in half.
Place tomato, onion, jalapeno, galic cloves and oil onto foil wrapped pan and place into oven on low broil until skins are blistered.  About 20 minutes.  Remove skins and place into blender with cumin, water, salt, pepper and chicken bouillon. Blend until smooth.  Set aside.
Bring pot of water to boil, add tomatillo husk, salt and cactus.  Simmer until cactus is tender, about 45 minutes.  Drain water and discard husk.
Beat egg whites until stiff.  Continue beating and add the egg yolks. Set aside. Place flour into dish big enough to dredge each cactus.  Heat skillet with oil for frying.
Place paddles of same size together.  Take slices of cheese and place onto one peice of cactus, make sure its not sticking out the side.  Place matching sized peice of cactus on top (like a sandwich). Carefully hold it together and dredge it into the flour, make sure the flour stays well by rubbing it into the cactus leaves.  Then dip the cactus into egg mixture, cover all sides well.  You may use a fork and spoon and carefully transfer this into the hot oil.  Fry until golden brown, flipping only once. About 7-9 minutes on each side.  Once golden brown remove from oil and let drain on paper towels.  Continue until all are done.
Place tomato salsa mixture onto plate and place cactus on top.  Serve with tortillas and sour cream.

Submitter: 
Sherbear1
Description: 
Nopales are cactus paddles. Be careful when handling the paddles, because the thorns are very sharp! This version is similar to a chile rellano, only cactus paddle are stuffed with cheese, and fried in oil.  Topped with salsa.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
