URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62422598/dry-jack-cheesecake/
Title:
Dry Jack Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 Tbsp. unsalted butter
1/2 c. cracker crumbs
5 Tbsp. Parmesan Cheese, freshly grated
2 lbs. cream cheese, softened
4 eggs
1/2 c. heavy cream
6 c. Dry Jack cheese, freshly grated
1/2 c. Gruyere cheese, freshly grated
1/3 c. chopped chives
1/4 tsp. cracked black peppercorns

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 300 F
TO PREPARE CRUST:  Coat the inside of a 9x3-inch springform pan with 1 Tbsp. of butter.  Combine the cracker crumbs and Parmesan cheese with 1 Tbsp. melted butter.  Mix by hand until the crumbs bind together.  Sprinkle 3/4 of the crumb mixture into the springform pan refrigerate the remaining crumbs until ready to use).  Press the crumbs around the buttered sides of the pan then onto the buttered bottom of the pan.  Place pan in the refrigerator until ready to use.
TO PREPARE FILLING:  In an electric mixer bowl, place the cream cheese, eggs, and heavy cream.  Beat (with a paddle, not whisk) on medium speed until smooth, about 5 minutes.  Remove the bowl from the  mixer.  Using a rubber spatula, mix in the Dry Jack cheese, Gruyere cheese, chives and pepper until smooth and well combined.
Pour the cheesecake mixture into the prepared springform pan, spreading evenly.  Sprinkle the remaining crumbs over the top of the mixture.
Set the springform pan onto a baking sheet then place in the pre-heated oven.
Bake for 1 1/2 hours then reduce the temperature to 200 F and bake for 30 minutes.
Turn off the oven and allow the cheesecake to remain in the oven for an additional 30 minutes.
Remove from the oven and cool at room temperature for 20 minutes.
Release the cheesecake from the springform pan.
For perfect slicing:  Heat the blade of a serrated slicer under hot running water before slicing into the cheesecake.  Cut the cheesecake with the slicer, reheating the blade after making each slice.  Serve the warm cheesecake slices immediately.

Submitter: 
Dawn Eberly Wampler
Description: 
This recipe is from The Trellis Cookbook.  I am told it is very versatile and you can change it up to suit your taste.  When I ordered this at the restaurant, it had onion and prosciutto added, and it was DELECTABLE!!!  Note:  This is an ENTREE cheesecake, definitely not a dessert.  It is my belief that the Dry Jack Cheese is a key ingredient and though scarce, can be found.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
3:05
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
