URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62423703/mamas-oh-so-savory-lamb-and-eggplant-casserole/
Title:
Mama's Oh-So-Savory Lamb and Eggplant Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 medium large eggplant, cut into 1" cubes
salt
2 tbsps oil, vegetable or olive
1 large sweet onion, rough chopped
2 lg stalks of celery, sliced
1 - 2 tsps minced garlic
3 - 4 medium tomatoes, rough chopped
1 tsp Penzey's lamb seasoning, divided (see footnote)
1 C chicken broth
1  15 oz can tomato sauce
ground lamb (1 scant pound) ,cut into roughly 9 ping pong ball size chunks
1 - 2 lemons

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375. Put chopped eggplant into a lg bowl, salt liberally and let stand for at least an hour. Drain off the bitter liquid that will accumulate, rinse cubes well and let drain in a colander. Meanwhile, saute onion and celery in 1 tbsp oil for about 5 minutes. Add eggplant and garlic, mix well into onion and celery and saute for 5 minutes. Add tomatoes, stir, sprinkle with 1/2 of the lamb seasoning, stir gently and let simmer 5 minutes. Add the chicken broth and about half of the tomato sauce and let simmer for 10 minutes. Add some water if it starts to get dry. Transfer to a greased casserole dish. Add 1 tbsp oil to skillet.
Sprinkle the lamb with the rest of the lamb seasoning. Brown in skillet. The lamb should look like imperfect meatballs browned on all sides.
Gently transfer the lamb evenly around the casserole. I push the lamb down into the veggie mix so it is at least partially submerged. Season remaining tomato sauce with the juice of the lemons (I use 2 lemons, you may just want to use 1).Pour over the casserole. Bake uncovered at 375 for 45 mins - 1 hour. If you want the veggies to be soft when finished, cover the casserole and bake for 1.5 hours. Uncover, bake for 45 minutes longer. I like this with veggies slightly crisp, so 45 mins to an hour uncovered is what I do.
You could serve this over rice if you like with a green salad. I just serve it in pasta bowls with crusty bread, butter and a nice glass of red wine. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
MAMA2EANDJ
Description: 
The basis of this recipe came from my 4th grade teacher's mother who was Armenian and I've been making it for over 50 years.  It is easy to put together, but the longer the stove top step simmers, the better the casserole will be when served. Leftovers are yummy! Bon appetit!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
