URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62422620/pork-schnitzels/
Title:
Pork Schnitzels Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 boneless pork chops
2-3 tablespoons Olive oil
1-2 cups of flour
salt
pepper
1 egg, beaten
2-3 tablespoons milk
2 cups Panko bread crumbs
paprika

Directions:
Rinse your pork chops.  Place them on a plate and cut 3/4 inch slits (about 5 or 6) into it's sides.  This will keep it from curling while your frying.
Place them in between wax paper (or a large ziploc bag) and pound them out with the smooth side of a meat mallot.  You can tenderize them a little with the other side, just don't overdo it.  They need to be about 1/2 to 3/4 of an inch thick.
Set up your breading station.  Get three seperate bowls, large enough to hold the large thin pork chops.  In one bowl, combine the flour and a good amount of salt&pepper.  In the next bowl, combine the already-beaten-egg with the milk.  In the last bowl, place the bread crumbs and season with paprika.
Preheat your skillet and throw in the olive oil.  Cast iron works well, as does non-stick.  It needs to be on medium-high heat, but probably turned down as your getting closer to frying the last pork chops. You don't want these guys burnt! Okay, I like mine a little burnt.  But Im wierd!
One pork chop at a time, begin the breading process.  Keep one wet hand, and one dry hand.  First dredge the pork chop in the flour mixture, then egg mixture, then bread crumbs.  Make sure to cover completely the pork chops completely!  Fry the pork chops one at a time.  They need about 2-4 minutes on each side, depending how thin you made them and how hot your skillet is.
Remove from pan, and set on paper towels to drain off excess oil.  Serve and enjoy!

Submitter: 
MarineWifey20
Description: 
As a child, my grandma always made these.  They are definitely comfort food for me.  The breading works well with other meats too.  They are not fried pork chops.  This is a traditional Austrian recipe.  Serve over mashed potatoes, with lemon juice! (trust me!)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
