URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62425687/hubs-favorite-stromboli/
Title:
Hub's Favorite Stromboli Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 can pizza dough
4-6 oz tomato sauce, depending on taste
3 tbs Mrs. Dash's Italian seasoning, separated
3 oz chopped fresh mushrooms
1/2 medium onion, chopped
1 tsp chopped or minced garlic
1 c turkey pepperoni, chopped (to cut back on grease)
2 c. baby spinach
4-6 slices sharp provolone
3/4 c. Triple Cheddar shredded mix
1/4 c Ricotta Cheese
1 egg
1 tbs olive oil

Directions:
Saute the chopped onion in hot olive oil for 1-2 minutes, then add in mushrooms and garlic. Saute until onions start becoming translucent, add in sauce, pepperoni, and 2 tbs Mrs. Dash's. Allow to simmer until onions and mushrooms are tender.
While the sauce is simmering, unroll the pizza crust so it forms a rectangle. Beat the egg lightly and brush over the crust, this helps prevent mushy dough. Keeping in mind that you'll be rolling it up, line the dough with the sliced provolone, leaving room at the long ends of the rectangle to overlap the dough to seal the Stromboli.
Once the onions and mushrooms are tender, turn off the heat and add in the baby spinach, stirring until it begins to wilt. Add the ricotta and shredded Cheddar, mixing well.
Pour the sauce mixture over the provolone, then roll the long ends of the dough over each other to form a roll and pinch the short ends to seal. Flip the roll so the seam is on the bottom. Brush the top of the roll with some of the beaten egg, then sprinkle the remaining tbs of Mrs. Dash's over the crust. Make two-three small slices in the top of the roll for venting, then bake at the temperature specified on the can of dough for about 15 minutes, checking to make sure it's browned evenly. Slice and enjoy!

Submitter: 
I_learned_to_cook
Description: 
The stromboli I came up with that includes my husband's favorite ingredients- I'm sure you could sub in your faves for an equally spectacular dish!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5-10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
