URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62426639/ginger-lemon-cream-sandwich-cookies/
Title:
Ginger & Lemon Cream Sandwich Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/448155.jpg
Ingredients:
Cookies:
9 oz. (2 cups) unbleached all-purpose flour
2 tsp. ground ginger
1-1/2 tsp. ground cinnamon
1/2 tsp. ground cardamom
1/2 tsp. baking soda
1/2 tsp. kosher salt
6 oz. (3/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened
1/2 cup packed dark brown sugar
1/2 cup granulated sugar; more for rolling
1/4 cup unsulphured molasses
1 large egg, room temperature
1/2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
Lemon cream:
4 oz. cream cheese, room temperature
1 Tbs. finely grated lemon zest (from 1 medium lemon)
6 oz. (1-1/2 cups) confectioners’ sugar

Directions:
Set out room temp ingredients.
Put rack in the middle oven position. Preheat the oven to 350°F. Line your baking sheets with parchment paper.
In a medium bowl, whisk the flour, ginger, cinnamon, cardamom, baking soda, and salt.
Beat butter and both sugars on medium-high speed until light and fluffy, about 3 min. Add the molasses, egg, and vanilla & continue to mix about 1 min then while at low speed, slowly add the flour mixture. Mix only about 1 min (not too much). Shape dough into a disk, wrap in plastic, & refrigerate until firm, (about 1 hour).
Put about 1/3 cup gran. sugar in a small bowl. Using your hands, roll by tsp of dough into 1-inch balls. Roll each ball in sugar, arrange them about 2 inches apart on the lined baking sheets. Use the bottom of a glass to flatten the cookies slightly. Bake one sheet at a time until the cookies feel dry to the touch and are beginning to firm up (they’ll still feel soft inside), 10 to 14 minutes. Cool completely on racks.
Make the lemon cream in a medium bowl: combine cream cheese and lemon zest until smooth. Slowly add the confectioners’ sugar, mix until smooth.
To assemble the cookies, drop about 1 tsp. of the lemon cream in the center of a cookie, top with another cookie, and gently press them. Repeat until gone. Store in an airtight container up to 2 days.

Submitter: 
Lori Trowbridge
Description: 
Only use fresh spices; it will be worth it. This recipe will soon become your family's favorite. Beware they are the most addicting cookie I have ever tasted, similar to the Carr brand. The slight tang of the lemon cream and bite of the ginger compete for your taste buds attention. They are a sweet taste of heaven on earth. Enjoy...
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 hr 30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
