URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62427404/chaes-sassy-white-bean-gumbo/
Title:
Chae's Sassy White Bean Gumbo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/449133.jpg
Ingredients:
Meats
2 lbs Cleaned and Soaked White Navy Beans
1 1/2 lbs Smoke Turkey Necks
1 lb. Andouille or Smoked Sausage
1-2 beef or veal shanks(depending of size).
3 Large Skinless & Boneless Chicken Breasts
1 lbs. Gulf shrimp 30-40(small to med)count -         (peeled & deveined)
1/2 Doz Blue crabs or 2 pks. of Gumbo crabs (cleaned)
and cut in half.
3/4 lb. Smoked Ham Steak or Ham Seasoning (trim the
fat).
Vegetables
2 cartons (32 oz. ea) of Seafood Stock/chicken broth
2 medium onions chopped
2 stalks celery chopped
1 Large bell pepper chopped
2 1/2 Tbsp garlic minced
1 Tbsp Toney Cachery's Creole Seasoning
1/2 Tbsp Garlic Powder
1/2 Tbsp each Kosher Salt & Black Pepper
4 Tbsp. Zatarans's Gumbo File
1 pkg. Cut okra
2 medium Bay leaves
2 Tbsp Lee & Perrin Worstershire sauce
1 Tbsp. Coligin's Liquid Smoke
Roux'
1 c. cooked white navy beans (pureed)
1/2 c. Canola cooking oil (divided)

Directions:
In a bowl clean and soak your beans for about 2-3 hrs.
To a  6.5 to 7 qt Dutch oven Add beans and let boil for 45 mins until they begin to get tender.
Add the smoked meats to the pot and pour in the     stock/broth to ensure the meats are covered  thoroughly.
Continue to boil on medium high heat for about 35-45 minutes, you want your shanks and smoked turkey neck to get as tender as possible.
Next Add 1/4 c. olive/canola oil and let cook until meat and beans are tender.
Add chicken and smoke sausage and continue to boil When beans are fork tender, remove at least 1 cup to make roux.
In a large skillet heat 1/4 c. olive/canola oil on medium high heat.  Add vegetables and cook until transparent.
Add the pureed beans, stirring so that they don't stick/burn for approx. 5-6 minutes. You can add more oil should you need it.
Add roux to pot and stir making sure everything has been incorporated.
Add Seasonings; Toney's, garlic powder, Salt Pepper, bay leaf and continue to cook for 10 minutes.
Add okra, Lea & Perrin, Coligins' Liquid Smoke and cook for an addiitonal fifteen minutes.
Add shrimp and crabs let cook for 15 more minutes then.
Taste and make adjustments as needed.
Remove from heat and let stand for 15 minutes, then add the gumbo file, stirring to make sure all the file goes through the entire pot.  Serve over rice or just as is with corn bread.

Submitter: 
Ms.Chae916
Description: 
This is a recipe that I'd forgetten, given to me by my great grandmother. She would always make the girls help out in the kitchen, and would lend  us her pearls of wisdom for cooking. I use to prepare it all the time, especially during family gatherings...its not hard and its gives creole gumbo a whole new taste, by simply exchanging White Navy beans to make your roux, instead of flour. All the other ingredients are the same for creole gumbo, seafood, smoke meats, okra, etc. I know you will love it. It does take time to prepare, but it's worth it. Freezes for upto six months if need be.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
2.5 hr.
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
