URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62421983/coconut-chicken-curry/
Title:
Coconut Chicken Curry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/445306.jpg
Ingredients:
4 tablespoons curry powder
1 tablespoon ground cumin
1 tablespoon ground turmeric
1 tablespoon coriander
2 tablespoons ground cinnamon
1 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon clove
1/2 teaspoon allspice
1 teaspoon paprika
2 bay leaves
1 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1 teaspoon black pepper
3 tablespoons olive oil
1 small onion, chopped
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger root
3 tablespoons white sugar
salt to taste
3 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - cut into bite-size pieces
1 cup plain yogurt
1 (14oz) can coconut milk
4 tablespoons butter
Spritz of lime juice to taste

Directions:
1. Place Curry, Cumin, Turmeric, Coriander, Cinnamon, Nutmeg, Clove, Allspice, Paprika, Bay Leaves, Cayenne Pepper, and Black pepper in skillet and heat on medium for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. This allows the oils in the spices to activate.
2. Pour olive oil in the skillet with Spices. Then Saute onion until lightly browned about 5 minutes. Stir in garlic, ginger, sugar and salt. Continue stirring for another 5 minutes. Add chicken pieces, yogurt, coconut milk, and butter. Bring to a boil, slightly reduce heat, and simmer until sauce reduces to desired thickness, about 30 minutes.
2. Remove bay leaf and serve with lime wedges on the side, spritz with lime juice as desired.

Submitter: 
Matthieu Duquette
Description: 
After experimenting with submissions from other users this is my adaptation of Coconut Chicken Curry. Others on this site I found ended up either too tangy, to tomato-like, or to lemony. This is a representation of what I feel better represents the sweet and savory flavor you get in a restaurant. I use generous amounts of sugar, cinnamon, and some butter so if you plan on making this often you might want to try some of the others since mine is packed with the best stuff on earth that is worst for you! But it tastes so good!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
