URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62429748/zucchini-parmigiana-grinders-with-balsamic-tomato-mushroom-sauce/
Title:
Zucchini Parmigiana Grinders with Balsamic Tomato Mushroom Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/450554.jpg
Ingredients:
Balsamic Mushroom-Tomato Sauce:
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 small onion, diced
10 oz. sliced mushrooms (white or cremini)
2 tbsp olive oil
2 14.5 oz cans diced tomatoes (about three cups)
1 tsp oregano
1 tsp basil
Salt & pepper
Pinch of sugar
1 tbsp. balsamic vinegar
5 oz. spinach, torn
Zucchini:
2 small-medium zucchini (judge for yourself how many slices you will need for sandwiches, depending on the size of your zucchini)
2 eggs (or 1/2 cup egg substitute)
2 tbsp milk or water
1 1/2 cups bread crumbs (Italian seasoned)
1/4 cup grated parmesan
1/2 cup canola oil (or as needed for frying)
8 oz. fresh mozzarella
2 tbsp grated parmesan
1 clove garlic
4 ciabatta rolls or other hearty bread/rolls (I used wheat ciabatta)
Additional clove of garlic
additional parmesan cheese

Directions:
For Sauce:
Heat 2 tbsp olive oil in a large skillet.
Add garlic, onion and mushrooms, and saute until tender - about 7 minutes.
Add diced tomatoes, oregano, basil, pinch of sugar, salt & pepper to taste, and balsamic vinegar. Increase heat to medium-high until bubbly; reduce heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until cooked through (about 20 minutes). Stir in spinach and cook until wilted, about another 5 minutes. Remove from heat.
Meanwhile, slice the zucchini - if using large zucchini slice in rounds; if using smaller, slice diagonally. Slices should be between 1/4" and 1/2" thick.
Combine breadcrumbs and 1/4 cup parmesan in a wide, shallow bowl or plate. Whisk egg and milk/water in another bowl. Dip each slice of zucchini in egg mixture then breadcrumbs, and repeat to get a good coating.
Heat canola oil (about 1/4 cup to start with) in a large skillet over medium-high heat. When hot, place breaded zucchini in skillet and fry until golden, about 3 - 4 minutes each side. Do not crowd the pan - do in batches if necessary. Remove to paper-towel lined plate to drain excess oil.
Preheat broiler to medium-high.
For each sandwich, place about 3 slices zucchini on bottom piece of bread; top with a generous amount of the tomato sauce, then with slices of mozzarella and place on baking sheet. Rub the inside of the "top" slice of bread with garlic, the place garlic-side up on baking sheet. Sprinkle that side with grated parmesan. Broil for about 5 to 7 minutes, or until cheese is melted and bread is toasted. Place garlic-toasted bread on top of filled sandwich half and serve.

Submitter: 
ChristineM
Description: 
Slices of zucchini are breaded, fried then served on hearty ciabatta bread with a flavorful tomato, mushroom and spinach sauce and slices of fresh mozzarella, then lightly toasted under the broiler.  You can use any type of hearty bread you prefer.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
45
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
