URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62428241/coconut-cake-with-mango-blueberries-and-lemon-curd/
Title:
Coconut Cake with Mango, Blueberries and Lemon Curd Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 C. flour
1 tsp. baking powder
1/2 tsp. salt.
1 C. butter, 2 sticks, softened
1 1/3 C. sugar
1 tsp vanilla
3 eggs, room temperature
1 C. milk 2% or whole at room temperature
1 1/2 unsweetened desiccated coconut ( can use sweetened coconut just cut back on the sugar a little)

Directions:
Preheat the oven 350 degrees F.  Spray with bakers spray a 10 by 2 inch round cake pan and line the bottom with a round of parchment paper.  Spray parchment paper and dust with flour, tapping out the excess.
Sift the flour, baking powder and salt on a piece of waxpaper.
Beat the butter until creamy then gradually beat in the sugar on medium speed until the mixture is light colored and fluffy.  Add vanilla and beat in the eggs, one at a time.
Alternately beat in the flour with the milk on low speed. Increase speed to medium and beat for about 1-2 minutes. Batter should be smooth.
Fold in the coconut.
Pour batter into prepared cake pan and spread evenly. Tap cake pan on counter. Bake in the middle of the oven until golden brown and a tester comes out clean. 45-50 Minutes.  Cool cake in the pan on a cooling rack about 1 hour. Turn over onto a rack, remove baking pan and the baking paper and cool completely.

Submitter: 
PJ's kitchen
Description: 
Homemade lemon curd is easy and keeps refrigerated for weeks. Fresh mango and blueberry topping is simple, delicious and refreshing with the homemade Cocomut Cake. Cake is best baked the day before serving. Wrap well with plastic wrap and store in the refrigerator. Allow to come to room temperature before serving.
A scoop of good vanilla frozen custard or good quality ice cream is recommended to complete the dessert.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
2 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
