URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62439868/buffalo-pizza-w-blue-cheese-ricotta-on-the-grill/
Title:
Buffalo Pizza w/ Blue Cheese Ricotta on the Grill Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 basic pizza dough recipe
2 lbs boneless, skinless chicken thighs
1 cup ricotta cheese
2-3 tbsp milk
3oz blue cheese, crumbled
1 1/2 cups buffalo sauce
2 cups mozzerella cheese, shredded
1/4 grated parmisian
4 tbsp dried Italian seasonings, divided
olive oil
salt and pepper
flour for dusting
cornmeal (optional)

Directions:
Toss the chicken with 3 tbsp Italian seasonings, olive oil, salt and pepper to taste and set aside. Preheat grill to about 500 degrees. Grill the chicken for 5-6 minutes per side until charred slightly and completely cooked through.  Wrap the tighs in foil,set aside. Leave the grill on but reduce heat to 400 degrees.
In a small saucepan begin warming the buffalo sauce on low heat. Add the ricotta and remaining Italian seasoning to a blender. Blend on high, adding the milk as needed, until smooth. Scrape into a bowl and add the blue cheese, salt and pepper. Stir to combine then cover and chill until needed. Chop the chicken thighs into bite-size pieces then add back to the foil with resting juices.  Mix the parmisian and mozzerella cheeses together.
Dust a large piece of parchment paper generously with flour and cornmeal. Place the pizza dough on the parchment and dust the top with more flour. Roll your dough out on the parchment to about 1/4 inch thick, constantly spinning so it doesn't stick. Once your dough is ready it's time to WORK FAST!
Brush the surface of your dough with olive oil. Bring it to the grill on the parchment and flip it oiled side down on the hot grates. Close grill and cook for 5-6 minutes. In the meantime bring all your prepared ingretients to the grill-chicken, warm buffalo sauce, blue cheese riccota and shredded cheese mixture.
Brush the top of the dough with more olive oil and flip over on the grill. Dollop the blue cheese riccota all over the grilled side of the dough then  sprinkle the chicken evenly over the top. Pour the buffalo sauce over the top then cover with the cheese. Close the grill for 6-7 minutes to melt the cheese and cook the dough through. Transfer pizza to a cutting board and enjoy!

Submitter: 
jennifer macias
Description: 
Criminal! Grilling the dough makes it golden crispy every time! It's the only way we make pizza now!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
