URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62434076/nadines-sweet-chili/
Title:
Nadine's Sweet Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/453107.jpg
Ingredients:
1 lbs Ground Beef
2 medium White Onions
1 Green Pepper
1 Orange Pepper
3 cloves of Garlic
1 Jalapeno – no seeds or ribs (Optional)
1 can of Coca-Cola
1 (10.75 oz) can Beef Broth
1 can Beer
½ cup Brown Sugar
1 (28 oz) can herbed Diced Tomatoes
1 (28 oz) can Crushed Tomatoes
3 (19 oz) cans Kidney Beans
2 pkg. Chili Seasoning
1 (13oz) can Tomato Paste
Salt & Pepper to taste

Directions:
Pan fry meat - drain excess grease.
Chop vegetables.
Pour broth, beer and cola into large stockpot.
Add vegetables.
High heat - bring to a boil.
This will cook the veggies and reduce the liquid.
Always stir and scrape the bottom of the pot so nothing sticks.
Cola will get foamy - this will settle when the heat is reduced - keep an eye on it.
Reduce heat to Medium - cook down for 20 mins.
Stir in brown sugar and add the diced tomatoes.
Allow the watery mixture to cook down for 20 mins.
Not allowing the liquid to reduce will result in a watery chili and it's easier to do it now than to try to increase the heat later when the chili is thicker - doing so may cause the chili to burn.
Add crushed tomatoes - stir.
Add meat - stir.
Drain kidney beans - add to pot - stir well.
Stir in 2 pkgs of store bought Chili Seasoning.
Add tomato paste and stir well - you'll notice (like the crushed tomatoes) this will instantly thicken your chili.
Give the chili a moment to absorb all the flavours and spices, before tasting.
Taste your chili and add salt and pepper accordingly.
Over medium heat - bring back to almost a boil (Approx 5-15 mins)
At this point you can reduce the heat to Low-Med heat. (2.5 on my stove) and let things simmer.
Remember to stir occassionally and always scrape the bottom so nothing sticks.
Allow several hours for the liquid to cook down.
I let mine cook down for about 3 hours with no lid on the pot.
No lid - so the steam can escape.
Feel free to lower the heat if you feel the chili is too hot or once it has reached a consistancy that you're happy with.  The chili should never be bubbling, spiting and making a mess all over your kitchen.
I find the longer it simmers - the better it tastes!

Submitter: 
Nadine
Description: 
Years of trial and error - this is the recipe that has emerged!  Perfect for get-togethers, BBQs and days at the camp...This chili is sure to please your hungry crowd!  I have even included alternative instructions to suit your personal tastes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
4 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
