URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62430171/lemon-meringue-cheesecake/
Title:
Lemon Meringue Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
CRUST:
1 3/4 cups graham cracker crumbs
1/4 cup sugar
1/3 cup butter, melted
CHEESECAKE FILLING:
4 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese, softened
1 1/4 cups sugar
4 eggs
2 1/2  tablespoons lemon juice
2 teaspoons grated lemon peel
1 teaspoon lemon extract (OPTIONAL- for extra lemony flavor)
LEMON CURD FILLING:
3 large lemons, zest and juice (divide)
1 cup sugar
4 eggs
1/2 cup butter, melted
MERINGUE TOPPING  (Optional for those who love meringue):
3 egg whites
1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar
1/4 cup sugar

Directions:
Pre-heat oven to 350?
Crust: In a bowl, combine crumbs and sugar; stir in butter. Press onto the bottom of a greased 9-10 in. springform pan.
Cheesecake filling: In a mixing bowl, beat cream cheese and sugar until smooth. So as not to over-beat the filling proceed with a wooden spoon. Add eggs one at a time until combined. Add lemon juice, peel, also add extract if you want.  Stir  just until blended. Pour into crust.
Bake for approximately 50 minutes or until center is almost set. Remove from the oven and let cool for 30 minutes. Proceed to make the lemon curd while cheesecake is cooling.
Lemon curd: Zest the lemons, then juice the lemons.  Place the zest and sugar in a food processor until well combined.  Add the lemon juice and eggs.  Process till smooth.  Slowly add the butter to the mixture, pulsing as you go. Place the mixture in the top of a double boiler (or metal bowl over a pot)  and cook over simmering water for about 5 minutes, until clear and thick.
Spread the curd over the cheesecake leaving 1/4 of an inch from the edge. Proceed to make meringue if adding it on top.
Meringue: Beat egg whites with cream of tarter until soft peaks from.  Gradually beat in the sugar until stiff.
Spread over filling.  Bake for 5 to 8 minutes at 350? or until meringue is golden brown.  Turn off oven and let cheesecake sit for 5 minutes. Remove from oven and allow to further cool for an hour or refrigerate over night then serve.

Submitter: 
la_sirene7
Description: 
The amazingness that is lemon meringue and the delectable flavor of cheesecake in one. With the luxurious cheesecake texture, and the cool lemon curd filling this cheesecake is to die for. Plus top it all off with the additional zing of meringue and everyone will be begging for more.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
