URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62433019/richs-chicken-enchiladas/
Title:
Rich's Chicken Enchiladas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 pound skinless boneless chicken breast or a seasoned precooked rotisserie chicken
1/4 teaspoon salt
Dash pepper
1 teaspoons cumin powder
1 teaspoons garlic powder
1/8 teaspoon chili powder
1/8 teaspoon paprika
Dash teaspoon onion powder
Dash teaspoon oregano
1/2 red onion, diced
1 cloves garlic, minced
1 can chopped green chiles
1 canned chipotle chiles, seeded and minced (if you heat intolerant, skip these)
1 (14-ounce) can crushed or stewed tomatoes
1/2 teaspoon all-purpose flour
8 corn tortillas
1 1/2 cups enchilada sauce, canned
1 cup shredded Mexican blend cheese

Directions:
Coat large saute pan with oil. Season chicken with salt and pepper. Brown chicken over medium heat, allow 7 minutes each side or until no longer pink. Sprinkle chicken with spices before turning. Remove chicken to cool.  If you are using a precooked rotisserie chicken then go directly to Step 2.
Saute onion and garlic in same skillet until tender. Add chiles and crushed tomatoes, saute 1 minute.
Pull chicken breasts into shredded strips. Add shredded chicken to saute pan, combine with vegetables. Dust the mixture with flour to help set.
Heat a small light skillet on med-high heat. Add a teaspoon of oil (high smoke point oil) to coat the pan. Put enchilada sauce in a shallow bowl. Dip a tortilla in the enchilada sauce to coat the tortilla with sauce on both sides. Place the tortilla in the skillet and heat for a few seconds, until the tortilla begin to show some air bubbles. Use a metal spatula to flip to the other side for a few more seconds. Set aside on a plate. Repeat with remaining tortillas.  Spoon 1/4 cup chicken mixture in each tortilla. Fold over filling, place 8 enchiladas in each pan with seam side down. Top with remaining enchilada sauce and cheese.
Bake for 15 minutes in a preheated 350 degree F oven until cheese melts. Serve with Spanish rice and refried beans.

Submitter: 
richgator
Description: 
I have combined several of my favorite enchilada recipes and this is as close to restaurant quality as I have found.  Serve with spanish rice and refried beans.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
