URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62433954/tuna-noodle-casserole-from-scratch/
Title:
Tuna Noodle Casserole from Scratch Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup butter, divided
1 (8 ounce) package uncooked medium egg noodles
1/2 medium onion, finely chopped
1 stalk celery, finely chopped
1 clove garlic, minced
8 ounces button mushrooms, sliced
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon fresh thyme
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
1/8 teaspoon red pepper flakes
2 cups milk
salt and pepper to taste
1/4 cup parmesan cheese, shredded
1/4 cup cream cheese
1/2 cup sharp cheddar cheese
2 (6 ounce) cans tuna, drained and flaked
2 cups frozen peas
3 tablespoons bread crumbs
2 tablespoons butter, melted
1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C). Butter a medium baking dish with 1 tablespoon butter.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add egg noodles, cook for 8 to 10 minutes, until al dente, and drain.
Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a skillet over medium-low heat. Stir in the onion, celery, and garlic, and cook 5 minutes, until tender. Increase heat to medium-high, and mix in mushrooms and thyme. Continue to cook and stir 5 minutes, or until most of the liquid has evaporated.
Melt 4 tablespoons butter in a medium saucepan, and whisk in flour until smooth. Gradually whisk in milk, and continue cooking 5 minutes, until sauce is smooth and slightly thickened. Add nutmeg,red pepper, cheeses (cream cheese, cheddar, and parmesan cheese). Season with salt and pepper. Stir in tuna, peas, mushroom mixture, and cooked noodles. Transfer to the baking dish. Melt remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a small bowl, mix with bread crumbs, and sprinkle over the casserole. Top with cheese.
Bake 25 minutes in the preheated oven, or until bubbly and lightly browned.

Submitter: 
mcdjen
Description: 
No canned soup mix in this recipe! Mushrooms, onions, celery, and peas all go into this comfort casserole.Modified from: Tuna Noodle Casserole from Scratch
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
