URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62435984/slow-cooker-chicken-milano-a-saucier-version/
Title:
Slow Cooker Chicken Milano-A Saucier Version Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon butter
6 cloves garlic, minced
1 cup sun-dried tomatoes, chopped
1 cup onions, chopped
3 cups chicken broth
1 cup heavy cream
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
salt and pepper to taste
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1/4 cup chopped fresh basil
8 ounces dry fettuccini pasta
1 tablespoon flour

Directions:
Sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper on both sides. In a large skillet over medium heat, warm oil and brown sides of chicken. Place chicken in slow cooker. Add onions and lightly saute for a few minutes, till slightly carmelized. Add garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add the tomatoes and the chicken broth to pick up the chicken drippings and bits. Transfer to slow cooker. Simmer in crock pot for 6-8 hours on low. During the last 30 minutes of cooking, add the cream and basal.
Add butter to pan. Add flour. Saute for a minute. Add liquid from slow cooker first and simmer until it thickens. Either add the liquid back to the crock pot or add the contents of the crockpot to the pan. Stir and simmer until all of the sauce reaches the same thick consistency.
Meanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add fettuccine and cook for 8 to 10  minutes or until al dente; drain, transfer to a bowl and toss with 3 to 4 tablespoons of the sauce. Transfer the pasta to serving plates; top with chicken and coat with the cream sauce; serve.

Submitter: 
Jessica Weber
Description: 
A creamy pasta and chicken dish with garlic, sun-dried tomatoes and fresh basil. Use dry packaged sun-dried tomatoes or the tomatoes packed in olive oil (draining the oil). Serve with broccoli and garlic cheese bread.Modified from: Slow Cooker Chicken Milano
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
8+ h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
