URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62434702/the-oceanaire-seafood-rooms-maryland-style-crab-cakes-washington-dc-shared-by-marianne-via-the-la-times/
Title:
The Oceanaire Seafood Room's Maryland-style Crab Cakes , Washington, DC ~ shared by Marianne via the LA Times Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 eggs
1 cup mayonnaise
3/4 teaspoon Dijon mustard
1-1/4 teaspoons Old Bay Seasoning, divided
3/4 teaspoon fresh chopped tarragon
1/4 cup finely chopped onion
1 tablespoon finely chopped celery
1/4 pound (scant 2 cups) crustless cubed white bread (about 1/4 loaf), cut into small cubes
1 pound jumbo lump crab meat, drained of any liquid
2 tablespoons butter, at room temperature

Directions:
1. Heat the oven to 400 degrees. 2. In a medium mixing bowl, whisk together the eggs, mayonnaise, mustard, three-fourths teaspoon Old Bay Seasoning, tarragon, onion and celery to make a dressing. 3. In a large mixing bowl, toss the bread with half of the dressing, mixing until the dressing is absorbed by the bread and the cubes are slightly broken up. Add additional dressing if the cubes are too dry. 4. Gently mix in the crab, being careful not to break up the lump pieces. The mixture should hold its shape when formed into a ball with your hand. If it is too dry, add additional dressing until the mixture comes together. You might not use all of the dressing. 5. Divide the mixture and form into 8 crab cakes. Place the cakes on a greased cookie sheet or sheet pan. 6. In a small bowl, stir the butter together with the remaining one-half teaspoon Old Bay Seasoning. Top each cake with a small dollop of the seasoned butter. 7. Bake the cakes until golden brown, about 10 to 12 minutes. Serve warm.

Submitter: 
Virginia Mom
Description: 
Oceanaire Seafood Room was happy to share its recipe for these tender, soft crab cakes. The cakes are baked, not fried, and can be assembled a few hours ahead of time and refrigerated, then baked before serving. Perfect if you're planning for company.  The restaurant recommends serving the cakes with mustard mayonnaise (mayonnaise seasoned with a small amount of dry mustard, Dijon mustard, Worcestershire sauce and salt and thinned with a little cream) or tartar sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
