URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62437230/tamed-salsa-verde/
Title:
"Tamed" Salsa Verde Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 lbs tomatillos- peeled and quartered
2/3 cup chopped scallions
1/3 cup chopped cilantro
3 large cloves garlic
8 or 9 roasted green chilis: fresh roasted & seeded Anaheims or canned green chilis (12 oz can minimum)
2 or 3 whole jalapenos(canned or seeded & stemmed)
2 tsp sea salt (or canning salt which is just finer than regular salt)
1 tsp cumin
1 tsp ground coriander
juice from 1 lime (1/4 cup maximum)
1 Tbs sugar (optional)
1 Tbs corn starch mixed in a little water

Directions:
Place tomatillos in a covered sauce pot to soften on low heat.  Once they soften, mash and let simmer until the juice is reduced by 1/3 and add cornstarch slurry while simmering until mixed through.  Add more cornstarch if the sauce is too runny.  Remove from heat.
In a large bowl, all remaining ingredients can be mixed with the sauce.  I use a hand blender, but if you don't have one, use a blender or a food processor.  For salsa purposes, try not to overprocess, but for all other uses, process until silky and smooth.  Use within 3 weeks if refriderated.
If canning, pour hot salsa into hot sterilized PINT jars (use a dishwasher or the canning pot itself).  Seal with either new or unblemished or undented jar lids and seals.  This recipe should make 4 pint jars minimum.  Process is hot water bath for 20 to 30 minutes.  Once removed, check to see if lids are not popped out, and if they are, reprocess again.

Submitter: 
Karen Barris Calabro
Description: 
This is a mellow, but zingy salsa verde which I use for tortilla chips, smothered burritos, enchiladas, and marinades for fish, chicken, or shrimp.  Nothing about this is complicated.  Canning is an easy extra step, and well worth it once winter sets in!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
32
Nutritional Facts:
NA
