URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62436281/chicken-tagine-with-dried-cranberries/
Title:
Chicken Tagine with Dried Cranberries Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/454581.jpg
Ingredients:
1 whole roaster chicken, 3-4 lbs cut into pieces, backbone discarded (or saved to make stock)
1 tsp ground cinnamon
1 tsp ground ginger
1/2 tsp black pepper
1 1/4 tsp salt
1/4 cup lemon juice
1/4 - 1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil
1 cup carrots, sliced 1/4 in
1 big onion, cut in half and then sliced 1/4 in thick
2 big garlic cloves (or to your liking)
4 medium red potatoes, sliced about 1/2 in thick
1 bell pepper cut in chunks or stripes, color of your preference - I used yellow
2 medium tomatoes, peeled and chopped
1 handful of fresh parsley, chopped
1/2 cup dried cranberries
1 tbsp chicken bouillon granules, or two small cubes, crumbled
1/4 cup of wine (your favorite)

Directions:
Mix cinnamon, ginger, pepper, salt, lemon juice and 2 tbsp of the extra virgin olive oil. Add chicken pieces and toss to coat. Cover and let sit in refrigerator for a couple of hours or overnight.
When ready to start, line the tagine with the sliced carrots and place aside.
In a heavy skillet (not the tagine), heat another 2 tbsp of the extra virgin olive oil over medium heat until hot but not smoking. Brown half of the chicken pieces, skin sides down, turning over once. You are just browning it, not cooking it through. Take out of the skillet and place on top of the carrots, then brown the remaining pieces of chicken. Once those are browned (but not cooked through, arrange on top of the carrots also. The idea is that the chicken do not touch the bottom of the tagine - only the carrots.
In the same skillet you browned the chicken, add the onions and sauté them a bit. Put the garlic through a press (or chop finely) and add it. Sauté it a bit more.
Add potatoes and sauté for 1-2 minutes.
Add bell pepper, tomatoes, chopped parsley and cranberries, stir well and keep sautéing.
Sprinkle the chicken bouillon granules over the mix while it cooks.
When this mix is hot and bubbly, (minutes over medium heat) pour it over the chicken and carrots that were placed in the tagine.
Put the tagine over the stove at LOW heat - the flames should NOT touch the bottom of the pot.
Pour whats left of the olive oil over everything.
Pour the wine over everything.
Put the tagine cover on.
Cook at low heat for about 1 hr, until potatoes are soft.
Turn off the heat and let the tagine sit for 10 min before serving.
Enjoy over rice or couscous.

Submitter: 
Milly Suazo-Martinez
Description: 
I just bought a Moroccan tagine and had to try it out. After browsing online for recipes, I ventured to prepare something and ended up with my own recipe. You can also make this in a crockpot, see the footnote below. It came out YUMMMMMMY
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2.5 hrs
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
