URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62431188/baked-sodabeer-can-chicken/
Title:
Baked Soda/Beer Can Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 Tbs. garlic powder
1 Tbs. Chipotle powder
1 Tbs. Spanish smoked paprika
1 1/2 tsp. onion powder
1 1/2 tsp. dried oregano
1 1/2 tsp. salt
1 1/2 tsp. ground black pepper
1 tsp. ground coriander
1/2 lemon, with it's juice
1 can any flavored soda or beer
1 whole chicken, 3-4 lbs.

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Mix the first 8 dry ingredients in a small bowl; set aside.
Pour 1/3 of canned soda/beer into the bottom of a 2-3" deep roasting pan. (I gently spread the middle two bars of the roasting rack that came with the pan and place the open beer can in the center. Gives the bird more stability.)
Discard giblets and neck, then rinse chicken under cold running water. Drain, pat dry.
Spread 2 tsp. of the dry ingredients inside the cavity, then 1 Tbs. under the skin of each breast.  Squeeze the juice of 1/2 lemon into the can, and fit the whole bird on top, with the legs on the bottom, but resting on the wire rack.
Apply the rest of the dried rub to the outside of the chicken.
With the breast of the chicken facing you, tuck the tip of each wing under the wing itself to prevent scorching.
Place a small onion into the neck cavity to maintain moisture.
Bake the chicken approximately 1 hour 15 minutes, or until no longer pink at the bone and the juices run clear. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh, near the bone should read 180 degrees F (82 degrees C).
Remove the roasting pan from the oven.
Carefully remove the can from the chicken,and set aside. Allow the can to cool, then discard.
Cover the chicken with a doubled sheet of aluminum foil, and allow to rest in a warm area for 10 minutes before slicing.

Submitter: 
IAgardener55
Description: 
What could be easier than baking a whole chicken sitting on a half can of soda? This is how we do it at our house. Enjoy!Modified from: Baked Beer Can Chicken
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
