URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62437900/super-awesome-pork-tamales/
Title:
Super Awesome Pork Tamales Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Tamale Filling:
3 3/4 pounds pork loin
1 large onion, halved
3 clove garlic
4 bay leaf
6 cups water
3 teaspoons salt
1 small can of chipotle peppers in adobo
6 tbsp chili powder (2 for the stock and 4 for the sauce)
garlic salt, pepper
3 tsp garlic paste
Tamale Dough:
6 cups masa harina
4 cups of the stock from cooking the meat, strained
3 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup lard
1 cup of canola oil
1 (6 ounce) package dried corn husks

Directions:
Sprinkle pork with pepper and garlic powder, slice loin into several pieces about 3"-4" thick, place into a Dutch oven and brown in a small amount of oil. Cover with water add chipotle peppers in adobo, onion, bayleaf and garlic, and add water to cover. Bring to a boil, then  reduce heat to low and simmer until the meat falls apart, about 2 hours.
Place remaining chipolte with adobo,garlic paste & chili powder in a saucepan with 2 cups of stock mash peppers with a fork. Simmer, uncovered, for 20 minutes, then remove from heat to cool. Strain the mixture, stir in salt to taste, and set aside. Shred the cooked meat and mix in one cup of the chile sauce.
Soak the corn husks in a bowl of warm water. In a large bowl, beat the lard & oil with a tablespoon of the broth until fluffy. Combine the masa harina, baking powder and salt; stir into the lard mixture, adding more broth as necessary to form a spongy dough.
Spread the dough out over the corn husks to 1/4 to 1/2 inch thickness. Place one tablespoon of the meat filling into the center. Fold the sides of the husks in toward the center and place in a steamer. Steam for 1 hour.
Remove tamales from husks and drizzle remaining chile sauce over. For a creamy sauce, mix sour cream into the chile sauce.

Submitter: 
Joanna DaCosta
Description: 
I followed the real homemade tamales recipe from All recipe with add ins from the tamale recipe from the food special on PBS, and then threw in some touches of my own. I increased the size of the recipe, for the effort it takes to make, you should make as many as possible.

Anyway, the end result is truly phenomenal tamales like the ladies sold door to door in So Cal when I lived there. Simply Fantastic.Modified from: Real Homemade Tamales
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 hr 35 m
Ready in:
4 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
48
Nutritional Facts:
NA
