URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62433634/big-daddy-beer-cake/
Title:
BIG DADDY BEER CAKE Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For The Cake:
2 1/2 cups all purpose flower
1 tbsp baking powder
1/2 tsp baking soda
1 tsp salt
1/2 cup unsalted butter, softened
1 cup sugar
2 large eggs
1 1/3 cup stout beer, preferably Guiness
For the Frosting and garnish:
1 cup stout beer
1 cup sugar
1/4 cup whisky
1 cup butter, softened
2-3 cups confectioners sugar
7-10 strips bacon
1/4 cup brown sugar

Directions:
Preheat ovan to 350. Prepare a 10" sringform pan with butter and flour. In a large bowl whisk together the flour, baking powder,baking soda and salt . Set aside. In a large bowl with a mixer, cream the butter and sugar together.  Add the eggs one at a time, mixing well after each addition. Turn the mixer to stir and alternately add the beer and  flour mixture in small amounts, begining and ending with the beer. Stir until just blended, do not over-mix. Pour the batter into prepaired pan and bake for 35 minutes. Let cool inside sprinform for 15 minutes then transfer to a rack to cool completely.
For the frosting begin by making a simple syrup with the beer and sugar. Combine in a sauce pan over medium-high heat and stir to dissolve the sugar. reduce the heat to medium and let simmer undisturbed  for 15 minutes or until mixture has thickened slightly.  Remove from heat and let cool completely. Cream the butter with a mixer and slowley add 1 cup of the confetioners sugar. Add whisky to the butter and sugar. Add another cup of sugar. Slowly stream in half of the beer simple syrup then more sugar as needed. chill until ready for use. Sprinkle the brown sugar evenly over a flat dish. Cook the bacon in a skillet over medium heat until its crispy, 7-10 minutes. Press it down into the brown sugar on both sides while it's still warm and set aside.
Transfer cake to a serving platter and frost generously. Save for two strips break the bacon up into large pieces and creat a mosaic pattern round the sides of the cake and criss cross two strips over the top. If there is leftover bacon crumble it up and sprinke it over the top as well.

Submitter: 
jennifer macias
Description: 
I wanted to show my husband how much I love him with this one. Any man would be so excited if they could have their beer and eat it too!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
