URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62435082/buttermilk-pancakes-with-vanilla-and-nutmeg/
Title:
Buttermilk Pancakes with Vanilla and Nutmeg Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/453789.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups all-purpose flour (bleached or unbleached)
2 teaspoons baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt - or any salt
2 eggs
3 cups buttermilk
1 Tablespoon real vanilla
A dash of nutmeg powder
1 Tablespoon soft butter

Directions:
Heat a griddle or large pan over medium-low heat before starting to mix the dry ingredients into the pancake batter. Test to see if the griddle is hot enough by wetting your fingers with water. Flick that water over the griddle surface. If the water dances and sizzles, the griddle is hot enough for pancakes.
In a large bowl, whisk or rotary beat the eggs for 20-30 seconds until yolks and whites mix to one yellow color.
To that large bowl with the eggs, add the buttermilk, vanilla, nutmeg, and butter. Whisk or beat until the butter is reduced to smaller pieces.
To the wet mixture in the large bowl, add the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Whisk or beat just until the wet ingredients moisten the dry ingredients. Lumpy batter is good batter. If the batter is too dry and sticks to the whisk or beater, add some buttermilk and whisk or beat lightly again.
Melt some butter on the griddle, or your preferred cooking spray or oil, if the griddle needs lubrication to prevent sticking.
Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle, using approximately 1/2 cup for each pancake. A one-cup measuring cup filled half-way is a good amount for a 4-inch pancake.
Wait until the edge of the pancake looks dry, and the bubbles of the pancake are just starting to pop before turning each pancake over to the other side.

Submitter: 
ZENNA
Description: 
I have used vanilla and nutmeg in my pancake recipe for 20 years. This is a variation of a recipe I found at Allrecipes when I could not find my old recipe. 

My husband said these were light and fluffy pancakes the first time I made them. It must be the extra baking powder, or the butter instead of oil in the mix.

I usually use buttermilk that is a week past the sell by date. I taste test the old buttermilk: good enough, I use it.

Two pancakes per serving here, but a pancake stack is three or more!Modified from: Buttermilk Pancakes II
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.66666650772095
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
