URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62432832/chicago-style-deep-dish/
Title:
Chicago Style Deep Dish Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup Warm Tap Water
1 teaspoon Active Dry Yeast
3 1/2 cups Flour
1/2 cup Course Ground Cornmeal
1 teaspoon  Salt
1/2 cup Vegetable Oil
1 pound Sausage
1 Red Onion, sliced
1 can Diced Tomatoes or Coursely Crushed Whole Tomatoes
2 cloves Garlic
3 teaspoon Oregano
4 tablespoon  Grated Parmesan Cheese
1 teaspoon  Basil

Directions:
Pour warm water into large mixing bowl and add yeast and mix with fork. Add 1 cup of flour, cornmeal, salt, and vegetable oil. Mix well.  Continue stirring in the rest of the flour 1/2 cup at a time until the dough comes away from the sides of the bowl. Flour your hands and work the surface and kneed the ball of dough until it is no longer sticky.
2. Let the dough rise in an oiled bowl, sealed with plastic wrap for 45-60 minutes in a warm place until it is doubled in size. Punch it down and kneed it briefly. Press it into an oiled 15-inch deep dish pizza pan, until it comes 2 inches up the sides and is even on the bottom of the pan. Let the dough rise 15-20 minutes before filling.
Preheat oven to 500 degrees.
While dough is rising, prepare the filling. Cook the red onions and crumbled sausage until the sausage is no longer pink, drain off excess fat. Drain and chop tomatoes.
When dough has finished its second rising, lay the cheese of the dough shell. Then distribute the sausage, onion, and garlic over the cheese. Top with the tomatoes. Sprinkle on the seasonings and Parmesan cheese.
Bake for 15 minutes at 500 degrees. Then lower the temperature to 400 degrees and bake for 25-35 minutes. Lift up section of the crust from time to time with a spatula to check on its color. The crust will be golden brown when done. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
richgator
Description: 
My take on the famous Uno's Deep Dish Pizza.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
90
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
