URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62446517/ginger-peach-glazed-chicken/
Title:
Ginger Peach Glazed Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/461548.jpg
Ingredients:
2-1/2  to 3 lb.  meaty chicken pieces (breast halves, thighs, and drumsticks)
Salt and coarsely ground black pepper
1/2  cup  peach preserves, large pieces snipped
1  Tbsp.  white wine vinegar
1  Tbsp.  prepared horseradish
1  tsp.  freshly grated ginger
1/2  tsp.  salt
1/2  tsp.  coarsely ground black pepper

Directions:
Skin chicken, if desired. Sprinkle chicken lightly with salt and pepper. For a charcoal grill, arrange preheated coals around a drip pan. Test for medium heat above the pan. Place chicken on grill rack above the drip pan. Cover and grill for 40 minutes. (For a gas grill, preheat grill. Reduce heat to medium. Adjust for indirect cooking. Grill as above.)
2. Meanwhile, in a small microwave-safe bowl combine preserves, vinegar, horseradish, ginger, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Micro-cook, uncovered, on 100% power (high) for 30 to 60 seconds or until preserves are melted, stirring once. Brush over chicken pieces. Cover and grill 10 to 20 minutes more or until chicken is no longer pink (180 degrees F in thighs or drumsticks, 170 degrees F in breast halves), brushing occasionally with sauce.
Spoon any remaining preserve mixture over chicken. Makes: 4 to 6 servings
4. Whole Chicken Variation: Remove neck and giblets from the body cavity of a 4- to 5-pound whole roasting chicken; reserve for another use or discard. If desired, sprinkle the body cavity of chicken with salt and pepper. Pull neck skin to the back and fasten with a short skewer. Tie drumsticks to tail with kitchen string. Twist the wing tips under the back. Sprinkle chicken with additional salt and pepper.
5. For a charcoal grill, arrange medium-hot coals around a drip pan. Test for medium heat above the pan. Place chicken, breast side up, on the grill rack over drip pan. Cover and grill for 1 hour. Cut string between drumsticks. Cover and grill 45 to 60 minutes. . Brush preserve mixture over chicken several times during the last 15 minutes of grilling.

Submitter: 
Jill Sander
Description: 
A savory-sweet glaze of peach preserves, vinegar, and horseradish puts a special spin on grilled chicken thighs. Serve it with a side of grilled veggies.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
