URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62448116/fresh-key-lime-ice-cream/
Title:
Fresh Key Lime Ice Cream Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 - 1lb bag of fresh Key Limes
1 - Can sweetened, condensed milk
2 - Pasteurized Eggs
3/4 cup - White Sugar
2 cups - Heavy Cream
1 pint+. - Storage bowl, preferably glass, with lid
1 metal work bowl
1 small fine-mesh sieve
1 measuring cup
1 cutting board
1 small fruit knife
1 large metal mixing bowl
1 whisk

Directions:
Put the glass bowl in the freezer to prepare it to receive the ice cream now. Glass is better because it holds its cold while you're working with it.
Place the fine-mesh sieve over the measuring cup, and set up the cutting board and knife. Put out the work
bowl and key ingredients.
Cut the key limes in half, then squeeze out completely into the sieve over the measuring cup until you have 1/2 cup of juice.  It usually takes at least 3/4 of a 1 lb bag to get the right amount of juice.
In the mixing bowl, crack the two pasteurized eggs. Whisk until integrated. Slowly add 3/4-cup of sugar 1/4 cup at a time, stirring constantly to absorb the sugar.
Add the can of sweetened condensed milk, whisking until integrated.  Your mix should be a bit gooey and thick.
Add the fresh key lime juice, a little at a time, as you whisk it in. Continue whisking until fully integrated.
Add the two cups of heavy cream and whisk to integration.
Pour the mix into your ice cream freezing unit per your manufacturer's recommendations. A compressor-unit usually takes 40-45 minutes to freeze this mix. Times on other machines may vary.
After the ice cream is frozen well enough to look like soft-serve, remove it from the machine and transfer to the chilled glass bowl.
Cover, and hard freeze for at least six hours. The ice cream will settle, set up and pack firm.

Submitter: 
The Jazz Chef
Description: 
There is a taste that fresh Key Lime juice imparts to this ice cream that you can't get out of the bottled product. They can be found at: Frieda's Inc online  Pasteurized eggs are not too hard to find at a better grocery store. You will also need a good quality ice cream maker to freeze this.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20-30 min
Ready in:
6 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
