URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62446189/unbeetable-chocolate-cake/
Title:
unbeetable chocolate cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 stick (1/2 cup) plus 1 Tablespoon butter, softened
1/2 cup plus 1 Tablespoon cocoa powder
1 cup light brown sugar
1/4 cup honey
4 large eggs
1 1/2 cups puréed beets (see chef's note)
1 cup semi-sweet chocolate chips
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 cup all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
Confectioners’ sugar for dusting
Chocolate Glaze (Optional)
1/4 cup semi-sweet chocolate chips
2 Tablespoons honey
1 Tablespoon butter
1/4 cup low-fat milk

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.
In a small microwavable bowl, melt 1 Tbsp of butter in the microwave on low power. When butter is melted, stir 1 Tbsp cocoa powder into the butter. Use a pastry brush to apply a thin coat of the butter-cocoa powder mixture to the inside of a Bundt® pan and set aside.
In a large mixing bowl, beat together remaining 1 stick of softened butter, sugar and honey. Add eggs one at a time, mixing well after each addition. Add puréed beets and mix well.
Place 1/2 cup of the chocolate chips in a small microwave-safe bowl; microwave on high for 1 minute. Stir chocolate and microwave for another 30 seconds or until melted. Allow to cool slightly before adding to the mixture in the large mixing bowl (from Step 3). Add vanilla extract. Mix well.
In a small bowl, combine flour, remaining 1/2 cup cocoa powder, baking soda and salt. Stir. Add dry ingredients gradually to chocolate mixture from Step 4 and mix well. Batter should be smooth and thick. Stir in remaining 1/2 cup chocolate chips.
Pour the batter into prepared Bundt® pan and place pan in preheated oven on middle rack. Bake 45 minutes or until toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean. Cool cake in pan on a cooling rack for 10 minutes.
To make the glaze, combine the chocolate chips, honey and butter in a microwave-safe bowl and microwave in 30-second increments at full power, stirring in between, until the chocolate is melted. Let cool slightly and then gradually stir in the milk. Place the cooled cake on a serving platter and spoon the glaze over the cake. Place the cake in the refrigerator for 15 minutes or until the glaze hardens slightly.

Submitter: 
biz_kid1
Description: 
Original recipe from rightathome.com; No one will believe that beets give this delicious chocolate cake its luscious, moist texture.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
