URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62442179/tamarind-glazed-chicken-salad/
Title:
Tamarind-glazed chicken salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 tbsp ready-made tamarind paste
1 tbsp grated ginger
2 garlic cloves, crushed
1 tsp salt
½ tsp ground cumin
1 tbsp honey
8 chicken thighs, bones and skin removed
For the dressing
3 tbsp ready-made tamarind paste
1 tbsp grated ginger
2 garlic cloves, crushed
1 tsp salt
½ tsp ground cumin
1 tbsp honey
8 chicken thighs, bones and skin removed
For the salad
*
110g/4oz mizuna leaves
*
1 cucumber, cut in half lengthways, finely sliced on the diagonal
*
1 mango, skin removed, stone removed, flesh julienned
½ fresh coconut, flesh only, finely shredded
1 large handful fresh mint leaves
1 large handful fresh coriander leaves
1 large handful fresh Thai basil (holy basil)
1 red onion, finely sliced, soaked in iced water

Directions:
For the tamarind-glazed chicken, mix the tamarind paste, ginger, garlic, salt, cumin and honey together in a bowl until well combined.
Add the chicken and mix well until completely coated. Cover and chill in the fridge for at least 2 hours, and preferably overnight, to marinate.
When the chicken has marinated, heat a griddle pan over a high heat. Add the marinated chicken thighs and cook for 2-3 minutes on each side, basting occasionally with the excess marinade, until golden-brown grill marks appear on the chicken and it is completely cooked through.
Remove the chicken from the pan and set aside to rest for 1-2 minutes, then cut into 1cm/ 1½in slices. Keep warm.
For the dressing, whisk the tamarind paste, fish sauce, soy sauce, lime juice and palm sugar in a bowl until the sugar has dissolved and the mixture is well-combined. Add the chilli and set aside.
For the salad, mix the mizuna leaves, cucumber, mango, coconut, mint, coriander and Thai basil together in a large bowl. Drain the red onion slices and mix them into the salad. Add the sliced tamarind-glazed chicken and drizzle over the dressing. Mix the salad until the dressing coats the leaves, then serve.

Submitter: 
Jill Sander
Description: 
Quick and delicious, this Asian-style chicken salad is perfect for a late-summer supper or an impressive starter.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 hrs
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
