URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62447274/shredded-pork-tamales/
Title:
Shredded Pork Tamales Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/462191.jpg
Ingredients:
1-1/2 cups  Shredded Savory Pork (see recipe center)
2/3 cup  Chile Colorado (see recipe center)
16   dried cornhusks (about 8 inches long and 6 inches wide at the top)
2 cups  mass harina (corn tortilla flour)
1 cup  warm water
2/3 cup  shortening or lard

Directions:
Prepare Shredded Savory Pork and Chile Colorado as directed.
Soak the cornhusks in hot water about 30 minutes to soften.
Meanwhile, for dough, in a large bowl, stir together masa harina and the water.
Cover and let stand for 20 minutes (mixture will appear dry).
In a mixing bowl, beat shortening and 1/2 teaspoon salt with an electric mixer on medium speed for 1 minute.
Gradually beat in flour mixture until combined (mixture should resemble a thick, creamy paste).
For filling, in a medium saucepan, combine Shredded Savory Pork and Chile Colorado; heat through.
Drain cornhusks well; pat dry with paper towels.
For each tamale, spread about 2 tablespoons of the dough into a 5 x 4-inch rectangle on each cornhusk so one of the long sides of the dough is at the long edge of the husk. (If husks are small, overlap two small husks.)
Spoon about 1 tablespoon of the filing lengthwise down the center of the dough.
Fold the long edge of husk over the filling so dough edges meet.
Roll husk around outside of filled masa mixture.
Tie ends securely with strips of cornhusk or 100-percent-cotton kitchen string.
To prepare steamer, if desired, place a cone-shape ball of foil in the center of a steamer basket.
Stand tamales upright in basket (don't pack tamales too tightly, but fill the space).
Place about 1-1/2 inches of water in bottom of steamer or Dutch oven.
Place baskets over water.
Bring water to boiling; reduce heat.
Cover and steam for 40 to 45 minutes or until tamales pull away from cornhusks, adding water to pan as necessary.

Submitter: 
Jill Sander
Description: 
This popular fiesta food is served in dried cornhusks which makes a smashing presentation if you're having a party with a Mexican flair. Use the make-ahead directions to ease party planning
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 hr
Ready in:
2 hrs 10 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
