URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62448382/chicken-cordon-bleu-w-parmesan-wine-cream-sauce/
Title:
Chicken Cordon Bleu w/ Parmesan Wine Cream Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/462933.jpg
Ingredients:
For the chicken:
4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts
8-12 slices deli ham (depending on size)
6 slices jalsberg lite or other swiss cheese
1/2 cup panko bread crumbs
1/4 cup shredded parmesan cheese
1 tsp Janes's Crazy Mixed Up Salt (or salt and pepper)
For the Sauce:
1 Tbs butter
1 tsp chopped garlic
2/3 cup fat free half and half
2 Tbs white wine
1/3 cup shredded parmesan
salt and pepper

Directions:
Pound the chicken breasts (I do this in a food storage bag, I find it cleaner than using plastic wrap)- the thinner you can get them, the easier they'll be to roll.
In shallow dish, combine panko, parmesan and seasoning.
Place 2-3 slices ham on each chicken breast and top that with 1 and a half slices jarlsberg. Roll the chicken up with the ham and cheese - secure with toothpick if necessary. Coat chicken with cooking spray and roll in panko mixture. Place in baking dish coated with cooking spray. Sprinkle any remaining mixture on top of chicken.
Bake in pre-heated 400 degree oven for 30 minutes or until chicken is cooked through and juices run clear and panko coating is golden brown.
When chicken has about 15 minutes remaining, melt butter in small saucepan and saute garlic in butter. Add 2 Tbs white wine and bring to simmer.
Whisk cornstarch into fat free half and half and slowly pour into saucepan as you stir.
Allow to simmer, stirring almost constantly until thickened.
Add parmesan and seasoning and stir until melted and thick.
Be sure not to top the entire chicken roll with sauce so that you retain some crunch from the panko coating.

Submitter: 
kashmirkat
Description: 
I'm always trying to think of something to make w/ boneless skinless chicken breasts. I love it, it's lean and is often on sale. I threw this one together when I realized I almost always have the ingredients on hand. It got a big thumbs up from my husband, so I decided to share :)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
50-60 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
