URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62446622/addictive-east-meets-west-chili/
Title:
Addictive East meets West chili. Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1LB Ground beef
1LB Ground pork sausage (Sage, breakfast, hot, or mild)
1 large white or vidalia onion, chopped
1 bell pepper, chopped (any color you like)
1 jalepeno or hot hungarian pepper, or 1/2 scotch bonnet (habanero) pepper, minced as small as possible (always wear gloves, being careful not to touch any exposed skin while handling!)
5 cloves garlic, minced
1-12 oz can dark red kidney beans
1-12 oz can light red kidney beans
1-12 oz can pinto beans
1-12 oz can black beans, drained
1-12 oz can tomato sauce
1-12 oz can petite diced tomatoes OR 1 1/2 cups  fresh tomatoes, diced
2-12 oz cans whole peeled tomatoes
1-6 oz can tomato paste (NOT Italian seasoned!)
1/2 TB chili powder
2 TBS Hungarian Paprika (regular is OK if you can't find Hungarian-see footnote)
1 TB cumin
2 tsp black pepper
1/4 tsp cayenne pepper
1 tsp poultry seasoning
1 TB oregano
1/2 tsp curry powder
1/8 tsp allspice
1/8 tsp coriander
1/8 tsp cinnamon
1/4 tsp mace
2 bay leaves
1 TB brown sugar
2 TBS balsamic vinegar
2 tsp sea salt plus more to taste

Directions:
STOVE TOP:
1. In a large soup pot, brown beef and pork in pan.  Drain off any fat.  Add onions, bell peppers, hot pepper, and garlic, stirring occaisonally until onions start turning soft.
2. Open the cans of whole tomatoes, and use a knife to roughly break them up in the cans so they're chunky.  Add to beef and vegetables.  Add the other canned ingredients, stirring after each addition.  Add the spices.  Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to medium-low and simmer for 40 minutes, uncovered.
3.  Taste your chili.  If it seems lacking, first add salt, 1/4 tsp at a time.  This will bring out the characteristics of the other flavors and spices.  You may need to make adjustments to the heat level because the spiciness of peppers can vary.  If it's not spicy enough, add a little cayenne pepper, 1/8 tsp at a time.
CROCK POT:
1. Brown beef and sausage on stovetop, then drain off fat.
2. Layer bottom of crock pot with onions, peppers, hot peppers, and spices, and browned meat.
3.  Drain beans and tomatoes, and stir together all canned ingredients in a bowl before gently pouring on top of layered meat and veggies.
4.  Cook on low for 8 hours or high for 4.  Give a good stir, and follow step three of stovetop directions to adjust seasonings.

Submitter: 
swedishmilk
Description: 
Best chili ever, and addictive.  After living in Cincinnati (and trying Greek-style Skyline chili), I picked up some traditional spice road additions to make my mom's original recipe even better.   Whenever I make this, I get lots of requests to share my secret ingredients.  Well it's no secret!  You can make it in a rush in about an hour, or let it simmer in a crock pot all afternoon for true deliciousness.  Serve with cornbread or corn pudding and shredded cheddar cheese.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
