URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62449907/carter-potatoes-au-gratin/
Title:
Carter Potatoes Au Gratin Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/473822.jpg
Ingredients:
4-5 peeled potatoes, sliced in 1/4" thick rounds (cut larger rounds in half)
2 cups (1 pint) heavy cream
1 (14 oz.) can of chicken stock OR vegetable stock (vegetarian version)
1/2 stick butter, cut
1/2 tsp. salt (or to taste)
1/4 tsp. white pepper (or to taste)
1/4 tsp. ground nutmeg (or to taste)
1 1/2 c. Gruyere Cheese, grated
1/2 c. Parmesan Cheese, grated

Directions:
Pre-heat oven to 375-degrees
Place cream, chicken stock, butter, salt and pepper in a large pot and slowly bring to a simmer over medium heat, stirring frequently so cream doesn't curdle.
Once creamy-stock mixture is simmering, add potatoes and dash (1/4 tsp.) of nutmeg, and simmer for 15 minutes, carefully stirring on occasion.
Remove from heat off and allow potatoes to sit in hot liquid for an additional 10 minutes (less if using thinner-sliced potatoes).
Toss the grated Gruyere and Parmesan cheeses together to mix.
Carefully remove potatoes with a slotted spoon, trying to avoid breaking the potato rounds. Reserve the remaining cream-stock mixture.
Layer potatoes in a shallow (13" x 9") baking dish sprinkling the cheese mixture in between single layers of potatoes, reserving 1/2 c. of cheese mixture for the top layer of cheese (added in Step 9).
Pour the reserved cream-stock liquid over the potatoes until just below the top layer of potatoes (do not cover completely).
Top potatoes with remaining 1/2 c. cheese mixture.
Bake at 375-degrees until bubbly and brown (approximately 20 minutes) and potatoes can be pierced with a fork, being careful not to overcook or potatoes will be mushy.

Submitter: 
BusySpoons
Description: 
Nutmeg and white pepper are the secret spices that makes these traditional Swiss Gruyere Potatoes Au Gratin something special. A recipe crafted from the kitchen of my dear friend, Bill Bailey Carter, it's the perfect combination of simple-yet-special and one that will be passed down from generation-to-generation. It reheats nicely, so I always make an extra large batch. This dish is also a favorite savory addition to our large family brunches as an alternative to traditional breakfast potatoes or hash browns.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
65 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
