URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62445991/shannons-ultimate-zucchini-bran-muffins/
Title:
Shannon's Ultimate Zucchini Bran Muffins Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/552169.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup all-bran cereal (wheat flakes)
1 cup bran flakes (organic-the real deal)
1/2 cup Wheatena or 1/2 cup cracked wheat
1 cup Post Grape-Nuts cereal
1/4 cup wheat germ
1 1/2 cups dry low-fat buttermilk (follow directions per recipe)
3 egg whites
1 tbsp vanilla extract
2 tablespoons plain yogurt
1/4 cup applesauce
1/2 cup brown sugar (packed)
1/3 cup honey
1 cup whole wheat flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoons cinnamon
1 cup zucchini (shredded)
1 cup pecans (chopped)
1 cup raisins

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350°F and spray muffin tins with non-stick cooking spray; set aside.
Combine cereals, bran, wheat germ together. Pour prepared buttermilk over mixture and let it sit for five minutes in a large bowl.
In another bowl, combine flour, baking powder, baking soda and cinnamon and set aside.
Add egg whites, applesauce, brown sugar, honey, yogurt and vanilla extract to cereal mixture and mix.
Add flour mixture to batter stirring til moistened.
Add zucchini, pecans and raisins and thoroughly mix.
Fill tins almost full--they will not raise much.
Bake for 25 minutes or until tester comes out clean.
Note: You can make this into a loaf but bake for 50-60 minutes instead.

Submitter: 
WickedCreations
Description: 
I have search near and far to come close to my favorite muffins that I used to by next door to the corner Convenient Store..they were heaven but unfortunately, they closed doors. So now just by accident, combining two recipes inspirations-I found it!! Very close and very dense and flavorful. I also use this as a base for any bran muffin that I just add or take away. I have a sugar free and fat free version of this that I will post. I really enjoy them and I have had raves from my older neighbors who loved them as well.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
