URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62441228/thai-chicken-and-shrimp-sandwich/
Title:
Thai Chicken and Shrimp Sandwich Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/457887.jpg
Ingredients:
Sandwich:
4 six inch baguettes
1, whole bunch of cilantro
1 cup of shredded cabbage
1 head of Bibb lettuce, leaves separated and washed
1 bunch of green onion, sliced
½ cup of shredded carrot
Chicken:
8 boneless, skinless chicken thighs
4 cloves of garlic
1-2 tablespoons of olive oil
1, whole bunch of cilantro
Shrimp:
24-30 shrimp cooked and shelled
1 tablespoon of fresh Thai basil, finely chopped
2 garlic cloves, crushed
Salt and pepper
1 -2 teaspoons of crushed red pepper
Peanut Sauce:
¼ cup of creamy peanut butter, room temperature
2 tablespoons soy sauce
1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar
2 tablespoons sesame oil

Directions:
In a food processor combine one bunch of cilantro with stems, 4 cloves of garlic, ½ tsp of pepper, and a 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Blend well. Sprinkle the chicken thighs with salt and then rub the cilantro mixture until it generously coats the chicken. Set aside until ready to grill. When grilling the chicken; grill each side for 5-10 minutes.
In a pan heat up 1 tablespoon of oil and add 2 cloves of crushed garlic, the Thai basil and the crushed red pepper. Quickly sauté the shrimp in the garlic pepper oil.
For the peanut sauce, whisk together peanut butter, soy sauce, rice wine vinegar and sesame oil until creamy and well blended.
Now it’s time to assemble the sandwich. Arrange the chicken on the bread using 2 pieces per sandwich. Next add the garlic shrimp, and drizzle some peanut sauce before adding the lettuce and other veggies. Arrange the veggies (Bibb, cilantro sprigs, cabbage, carrots, green onion) in any order on top of the chicken and shrimp. And lastly give a generous amount of peanut sauce on top of all the veggies. Serve.

Submitter: 
Patrish
Description: 
I love sandwiches, so I'm always thinking of different items to put on them. I love Thai food so a Thai Sandwich seemed appropriate.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
40
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
