URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62442391/best-darn-beans-ever/
Title:
Best Darn Beans Ever Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/458680.jpg
Ingredients:
2 pounds Thick Cut Bacon - Cut Into 1/2 Inch Pieces
1/4 cup Water
3 - bunches Green Onions - Cleaned And Diced (I Use A Lot Of The Greens Too)
1 - 3lb 5 oz can VanCamp's Pork And Beans In Tomato Sauce
3 - 15 oz cans Red Kidney Beans - Drained
3 - 15 oz cans Lima Beans
1 - 12 oz jar Heinz Chili Sauce
1 - 1 lb box Golden Brown Sugar

Directions:
In a Dutch oven over medium heat, sauté the bacon pieces until slightly crisped.
Remove bacon from pan. Reserve 3 Tblspns of the grease and discard the rest.
Add a 1/4 cup of water to the pan and scrape up all brown bits until water has evaporated.
Add the 3 Tblspns back into the pan along with the green onions, sautéing until softened.
Begin adding the brown sugar, about a 1/4 cup at a time, stirring into the onions. I know this seems like a lot of sugar, and well frankly it is, but it adds so much to the flavor.
Continue to stir until sugar has been incorporated and the sugar begins to caramelize (approx 5 minutes).
Add Chili sauce and stir for 2 to 3 minutes.
Add the Pork and Beans in tomato sauce, drained Kidney Beans and Lima Beans stirring until well coated in the sauce.
Add bacon back into the pan stirring to combine all ingredients.
Cover and turn heat down to a simmer for approximately 1 1/2 to 2 hours stirring occasionally. It is important to stir occasionally so as not to burn the beans.

Submitter: 
SavvyTech
Description: 
This is my version of a family recipe.  You can't go wrong when you serve these beans at a potluck, barbecue, family gathering etc. These are a great accompaniment to burgers and hot dogs. My family even loves these during the holidays with spiral ham and potato salad and or macaroni salad.  The secret to this recipe is following the directions and using brand names mentioned.  All who try these beans rave about them and typically ask for the recipe.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20-30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
