URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62448201/dijon-chicken-and-mushrooms/
Title:
Dijon Chicken and Mushrooms Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/462790.jpg
Ingredients:
4	boneless, skinless chicken breast halves
For Breading
½	cup all purpose flour
¼	teaspoon salt
¼	teaspoon pepper
1/3 	teaspoon onion powder
1/3	teaspoon garlic powder
1/3	teaspoon ground thyme
½	teaspoon paprika
2	tablespoons olive oil
For Sauce
1	tablespoon butter
4	ounces sliced mushrooms
1	tablespoon flour
¾	cup low sodium or unsalted chicken broth
1	teaspoon chicken base or bouillon
1	tablespoon Dijon mustard
Chopped fresh thyme, if desired

Directions:
Place chicken between 2 sheets of plastic wrap or waxed paper.  Flatten chicken to ¼ inch thickness with meat mallet or rolling pin.  Stir together flour, and seasonings in shallow pan.
Heat oil in 12-inch nonstick skillet over medium high heat.  Coat both sides of chicken with flour mixture.  Cook chicken in hot oil 6 to 8 minutes, turning once, until chicken is no longer pink in center.  Remove chicken to serving plate; cover to keep warm.
In same pan add 1-2 tablespoons butter stir in mushrooms and saute until mushrooms are golden.  Sprinkle the flour over the mushrooms; stir and cook for 2 minutes.  Whisk broth into skillet, whisking constantly for 1 to 2 minutes to scrape up the brown bits on the bottom of the pan and keeping the lumps from forming. Add chicken base or bouillon and stir to incorporate     Heat to boiling over medium high heat. Cook until reduced by one third to one half; stir in mustard.  Cook 2 to 3 minutes, stirring frequently, until slightly thickened.  Taste, and adjust seasonings.  If it is too tart then keep cooking for a minute or two, this will take the strong mustard taste out.  Spoon sauce over chicken.  Sprinkle with thyme if desired.

Submitter: 
Semigourmet
Description: 
Creamy zesty flavored sauce that compliments the chicken perfectly.  and freezes well.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
