URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62447267/tamales/
Title:
Tamales Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/462186.jpg
Ingredients:
28   dried corn husks (3 to 4 oz.) or fourteen 9-inch pieces of foil
1 cup  chicken broth
2/3 cup  canned cream-style corn
1/3 cup  milk
2 cups  masa harina
3 medium  poblano chiles
1 large  red bell pepper
1 tablespoon  olive oil
1 cup  finely chopped onions
1 tablespoon  finely chopped garlic
1/2 pound  peeled and deveined uncooked shrimp, chopped
1/2 cup  lard, butter or shortening
1-1/2 teaspoons  baking powder
1/2 teaspoon  salt
1/2 teaspoon  sugar
1 cup  coarsely grated Chihuahua*, Muenster or Monterey Jack cheese
1/2 cup  coarsely grated Queso Fresco** or crumbled mild feta cheese
Guacamole (optional)

Directions:
Cover corn husks with hot tap water in a shallow baking dish.
Bring chicken broth, creamed corn and milk just to a boil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Gradually add broth mixture to masa harina in a medium bowl, stirring with a wooden spoon, until well blended; cool.
Heat broiler. Line a broiler pan with foil. Arrange poblanos and bell pepper on prepared pan and broil 4 inches from heat 10 to 15 minutes, turning until skins are evenly charred. Wrap in foil and let stand 15 minutes. Peel, seed and dice chile and bell pepper.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onions and cook 2 to 3 minutes. Add garlic.
Cool, then combine with chile, bell pepper and uncooked shrimp.
Beat lard, baking powder, salt and sugar together in a large mixer bowl, until smooth.
Gradually beat in masa harina mixture by spoonfuls, beating well after each addition. 5 to 8 minutes more, until mixture is light and fluffy.
Stir in shrimp mixture and cheese (mixture will be stiff).
Drain and rinse corn husks; keep covered with a damp towel.
Flatten one husk on work surface (overlapping two husks if small).
Spoon 1/4 cup filling in center of husk. Spread into a 3-inch long log. Roll up lengthwise. Secure each end with string. Repeat
To prepare tamales with foil
Cut each foil piece in half to make two 6x9-inch rectangles. Spread 1/4 cup filling in center of each rectangle. Fold all sides in to form 2x3-1/2-inch packets.
Place steamer rack in Dutch oven over 1 inch of water. Arrange tamales (unthawed if frozen) in rack. Cover; bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to low and steam 30 minutes. Serve with Guacamole, if desired.

Submitter: 
Jill Sander
Description: 
These corn and shrimp tamales wrapped in corn husks are the real deal. Serve them when entertaining for a dinner that guests will be sure to remember.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35
Ready in:
55
Number of servings: 
14
Nutritional Facts:
NA
