URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62447505/southern-style-shepherds-pie/
Title:
Southern-Style Shepherd's Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into chunks
1/2 stick butter
1 banana, sliced
1 orange, zested and juiced
1/2 cup heavy cream
1/2 teaspoon grated nutmeg
Salt and pepper
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil (EVOO)
1 pound ground pork
1 pound ground beef sirloin
1 large onion, chopped
2 medium parsnips (about 8 ounces) peeled and thinly sliced
3 ribs celery, sliced
1 bunch swiss chard (about 6 ounces) stemmed and chopped
3 tablespoons cider vinegar
1 tablespoon brown sugar, dark or light
2 tablespoons flour
2 1/2 cups chicken stock
1 10-ounce box frozen peas
1/2 cup (a couple of handfuls) flat-leaf parsley leaves, chopped

Directions:
Preheat oven 400°F. Put pot of water over high heat.
While the water is coming up to a boil to cook the potatoes, start the meat and veggies: Place a large skillet over medium high heat with 2 turns of the pan of EVOO, about 2 tablespoons. Add all of the meat and cook, breaking it up with the back of a spoon into small bits. Cook until well-browned, about 5-7 minutes. Add the onion, parsnip and celery. Continue to cook, stirring every now and then for 10 minutes.
Add cider vinegar and sugar, and stir. Sprinkle mixture with the flour, and stir again for another 2 minutes so the flour cooks a little. Add the Swiss chard and stir until it is wilted down. Add chicken stock, bring up to a bubble, then simmer for a few minutes until the mixture is cooked and has thickened. Remove from the heat.
Boil sweet potatoes until tender, drain and reserve. Return the pot to the stove top over medium heat. Add butter and bananas to the pot.
Cook bananas in the butter for 5 minutes, then add the orange juice and zest to the pot. Allow the juice to cook out, 1 more minute. Add cooked, reserved potatoes back to the pot and add the heavy cream. Mash everything together. Season with the nutmeg, salt, and pepper to your taste. To the meat and veggie mixture, add the peas and the parsley, and stir to combine.
Pour into a baking dish, top with the mashed sweet potatoes and spread them out evenly. Transfer to the oven and bake until the top of the potatoes are lightly browned, about 15-20 minutes.

Submitter: 
biz_kid1
Description: 
Original Recipe from Rachel Ray, rachaelrayshow.com, aired 12/4/2006.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
