URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62445994/balsamic-pork-and-apple-skewers/
Title:
Balsamic Pork and Apple Skewers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2/3 cup balsamic vinegar
1/3 cup brown sugar
1/3 cup freshly squeezed orange juice (about 1 medium orange)
3 garlic cloves, smashed
2 tablespoons of extra-virgin olive oil
A pinch of salt and pepper
1 1/2 pounds boneless, center cut, pork loin chops, about 1-2 inches thick
1 green apple, cut into 1 inch chunks
1 red onion, cut into 1 inch chunks
Bamboo or metal skewers

Directions:
1. Measure vinegar, brown sugar, orange juice, garlic, olive oil, salt and pepper into a large zip-top bag. Seal and shake to combine. Cut pork chops into 1 1/2 inch cubes and add to the bag, seal and refrigerate for 1 hour or up to one day.
2. Soak bamboo skewers in water for 30 minutes. Remove pork from the marinade, and place the marinade, minus the garlic, in a small saucepan. Heat the marinade to boiling and boil until slightly thickened and reduced by half, about 5-7 minutes. Reserve.
3. Skewer the pork, along with the apples and onions and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat a grill pan (or your broiler) to medium high. Drizzle pan with a little oil to keep the skewers from sticking. Place the skewers on the pan and grill for 4 minutes. Turn them a quarter of the way around and grill another 4 minutes. Finish grilling the remaining two sides for 4 minutes each, grilling the skewers for a total of 16 minutes. If using your broiler, broil for about 10 minutes total, flipping once. Do not overcook the pork, or it will become tough.
4. Serve over rice and drizzle with reduced marinade.

Submitter: 
Oakinski
Description: 
Kids will eat pretty much anything served on a stick, and these tasty skewers are no exception. Juicy pork, marinated in a sweet and tangy balsamic sauce, is partnered with apples and red onions to make a flavor combination that's pleasing to the whole family. Served atop a bed of rice, it's a fast, healthy and delicious meal.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
