URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62448097/sister-marys-miracle-chicken-noodle-soup/
Title:
Sister Mary's "Miracle" Chicken Noodle Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1029343.jpg
Ingredients:
1	pound leftover cooked chicken, chopped
64      ounces of your own homemade stock, or two 32 ounce containers of low sodium organic chicken stock
1	medium to large onion minced or chopped
2	medium garlic cloves minced
2	large carrots sliced
2	medium to large stocks celery sliced
2-3	teaspoons dried thyme, to taste
1/8     ground sage
1/4	teaspoons dried ground rosemary, to taste
1-2	teaspoons ground black pepper, to taste
1-3 	tablespoons “Superior Touch Better than Bouillon” Chicken base if needed
Salt to taste (I would wait until you add all the chicken base you are going to add as it is pretty salty)
Leftover gravy from roasted chicken.  If you have any. Otherwise use the chicken base.
Home made noodles (as many as you like) Or fresh linguini cut into 1 inch pieces.

Directions:
1.	In Dutch oven or stock pot over medium heat.  Add about 2 tablespoons olive oil and onions, sauté about 1-2 minutes.  Add garlic and vegetables stir to combine.  Cook about 5 minutes and add chicken stock.
2.	Add seasonings and gravy.  Taste to check flavor.  Add seasonings and chicken base to taste.  It should taste the way you want your soup to taste.  Bring to a low boil cover and let cook until vegetables are tender.  When the vegetables are tender add chicken.  Let warm through and come back to a boil.  Add noodles one handful at a time stirring to make sure they don’t stick together as they cook.   Add as many as you like.  The noodles will thicken the soup.  Give them about 5 to 7 minutes to cook.  It freezes well also.

Submitter: 
Semigourmet
Description: 
comforting, healing homemade chicken soup.  this was named by my sister who after surgery I had made her some and she said it was a Miracle how good it made her feel and started calling Mary's Miracle Soup.  freezes great.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
