URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62447831/marthas-peanut-butter-cookies/
Title:
Martha's Peanut Butter Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 and 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for flattening cookies
3/4 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1/2 cup packed light brown sugar
1 large egg
1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
1 cup smooth peanut butter
1/2 cup salted peanuts

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees
Sift flour and baking soda into a bowl and set aside. Put butter and both sugars in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and mix on medium speed until pale and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add egg; mix until well combined. Mix in vanilla and then peanut butter. Reduce speed to low. Add flour mixture; mix until just combined. Stir in peanuts.
Drop batter by heaping tablespoons onto baking sheets lined with parchment paper, spacing 1.5 inches apart. Dip the bottom of a glass with flour, tapping off excess, and use it to flatten balls slightly. Using a fork, firmly press tines into each dough ball to make a cross-hatch pattern.
Bake cookies (rotating baking sheets halfway through), until centers are firm and edges are lightly browned, about 25 minutes. Once out of the oven, transfer parchment paper with the cookies on to a wire rack to cool completely. Cookies can be stored in airtight containers at room temperature up to 3 days.

Submitter: 
mlulay
Description: 
Recipes for peanut butter cookies abound, says Martha, but this one packs a powerful punch. The dough is studded with whole salted peanuts for extra crunch. A truly versatile dessert, this cookie can be eaten with jelly for an impromptu PB&J, or drizzled with melted semisweet chocolate in the lines of the cross-hatch pattern, adds Martha. Recipe from Martha Stewart.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
30
Nutritional Facts:
NA
