URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62447314/warm-german-potato-salad-from-cooks-country/
Title:
Warm German Potato Salad           (from Cook's Country) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/462204.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons sugar
1 cucumber, peeled, quartered, seeded, and cut into 1/4-inch slices
1 cup white vinegar
1/2 teaspoon dried dill
Salt and pepper
3 pounds small red potatoes, scrubbed and sliced 1/4 inch thick
8 slices bacon, chopped (see note)
1 onion, minced
1/4 cup olive oil
1/4 cup coarse-grain mustard (see note)
1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley

Directions:
PREP CUCUMBER: Stir sugar, cucumber, 1/2 cup vinegar, dill, and 1/2 teaspoon salt together in bowl; set aside while preparing potatoes.
COOK POTATOES Bring potatoes, remaining vinegar, 1 tablespoon salt, and 8 cups water to boil in large pot. Reduce heat to medium and simmer until potatoes are just tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Drain potatoes and return to pot.
MAKE DRESSING Meanwhile, fry bacon in large skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until brown and crisp, 8 minutes. With slotted spoon, transfer bacon to paper towel-lined plate; pour off and discard all but 2 tablespoons bacon grease. Add onion and oil to skillet and cook, stirring occasionally, over medium heat until onion is softened and beginning to brown, about 4 minutes. Drain cucumbers and reserve juice. Whisk cucumber juice, mustard, and 1 teaspoon pepper into skillet; bring to simmer. Pour dressing over warm potatoes, stir to combine, and let sit until slightly cooled and potatoes have absorbed dressing, about 10 minutes.
ASSEMBLE SALAD Stir parsley, drained cucumbers, and bacon into potatoes to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to serving bowl and serve. (Salad can be refrigerated in airtight container for 1 day. Bring to room temperature before serving.)

Submitter: 
trissann
Description: 
Grey Poupon Country Dijon and Grey Poupon Harvest Coarse Ground are Cook's Country's favorite mustards to use here. Farmland Hickory Smoked Bacon is their winner for its balanced, smoky flavor.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
