URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62441813/applesauce-cookies-vegan/
Title:
Applesauce Cookies (Vegan) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/3 cups natural unsweetend applesauce
1/3 cup canola oil
3/4 cup granulated sugar
1 tsp pure vanilla extract
A large pinch of finely grated lemon rind
1 cup whole wheat pastry flour
3/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 T cornstarch
1 tsp ground cinnamon
1/4 tsp ground nutmeg
1/4 tsp ground cloves
1/2 tsp baking soda
1/4 tsp salt
Optional Cinnamon Sugar Topping:
3 T sugar mixed with 1/2 tsp ground cinnamon

Directions:
To reduce the applesauce, cook it in a saucepan over medium heat for about 25 minutes, stirring often.  Keep the heat low enough that it doesn't rapidly boil, but instead appears to be steaming and occasionally bubbling.  After about 20 minutes, spoon the applesauce into a a measuring cup to measure how much it has reduced.  It should measure about 2/3 cup by now. If not, return it to the pot to continue cooking until it has reduced to 2/3 cup or slightly less.  When done, remove the saucepan from the heat and let the applesauce cool completely before proceeding.
Preheat oven to 350.  Have two baking sheets ready to use.
In a large mixing bowl, stir together the oil, vanilla and lemon rind. Mix in the cooled applesauce, then sift in the flours, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves, baking soda and salt. Mix to form a soft dough.
For each cookie, scoop 1 rounded tablespoon of dough onto a baking sheet, keeping the cookies about 2 inches apart. Sprinkle with a little Cinnamon Sugar if using and flatten the tops with the back of a measuring cup.  Bake the cookies for 8 to 10 minutes or until puffed and just starting to brown on the edges.  Remove the cookies from the oven and let them cool on the baking sheet for 5 minutes before transferring them to wire racks to cool completely.

Submitter: 
Momi
Description: 
A pleasant combination of fruit and whole grains. The applesauce is reduced on the stove to create a cookie that is neither too moist or crumbly. This recipe makes a tender, toothsome cookie that is reminiscent of apple pie.  Recipe from Vegan Cookies Invade Your Cookie Jar.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
