URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62447564/new-mexican-style-green-chile-black-beans/
Title:
New Mexican Style Green Chile Black Beans Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 med bags dried black beans (standard size at most stores)
1 smoked ham hock
1 13 oz frozen Bueno Autumn Roast Green Chile (Hot) or equivalent Hatch Green Chile
1 can diced tomatoes
1 jar Pace Medium Salsa
2 large onions
1 large sweet green bell pepper
6 cloves garlic
1 TBSP Dried Oregano
1 TSP Dried Cilantro
2 oz reduced fat real bacon bits or four slices of salty bacon defatted and then crumbled.
salt to taste
2 tsp dried Jalapeno powder (optional)

Directions:
In a large bowl pour the beans. Pick out any strays from other types and the occasional pebble that finds its way into the bags.  Rinse and drain. Fill with cold water to two inches over the dried beans and set aside for 3 hours.
Drain the beans in a colander and rinse them off with clean water. Let stand 1-2 minutes.
Meanwhile find a large pot, and place 1 ham hock and the frozen Bueno hatch chile into the bottom of the pot. You may need to split the plastic of the container to free it up if frozen solid.
Add the black beans. Fill the pot with water to three inches above the level of the beans. Set on high and bring to a boil.
Chop up the onions, garlic and bell pepper to a medium corseness (not too fine). Add to the pot. Add the can of diced tomatoes and the salsa. Add the bacon, oregano, and cilantro.  Return to a boil, then reduce heat to a high simmer (should remain boiling slowly) and cover.
Cook for 2-3 hours, or until the black beans are tender. Salt to taste. If you like it really spicy, add the Jalapeno powder.

Submitter: 
The Jazz Chef
Description: 
A variation of a Tex-Mex recipe with the unique New Mexico taste twist of Hatch green chile, a addictive flavor found mainly in the Land of Enchantment, but available to you via the Internet.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
3-6 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
