URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62457456/the-best-natural-peach-jam-or-filling/
Title:
The Best Natural Peach Jam or Filling Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 lbs. fresh peaches, washed, peeled, and chopped in medium pieces (don't puree in a food processor)
2 lbs. cane sugar
1 large apple, washed and cut into 8 large pieces, including the peel and core (put them in a cheesecloth bag for convenience, but not necessary)
Juice of 2 lemons (use fresh)
1/4 cup water
Sterilized jars and lids
Fun Optional Stuff:
3 jalapenos, minced (cook with fruit)
3 cinnamon sticks (cook with fruit and remove later)
1 tbl pure vanilla extract (added after cooking)
2 tbl Amaretto, Tuaca or other liqueur (added after cooking)

Directions:
Add all ingredients together in your pot and cook on high, stirring constantly. If you stop stirring while making this, you risk burning your jam.
Bring to a boil, and cook for 20 - 30 minutes until the consistency thickens.  Mash with a potato masher as the fruit softens.
Test for consistency by dripping a bit into a dish and tilt the dish.  If it runs, cook longer.  If it stays put and just leans a bit, it is ready.
Remove the apple pieces with a pierced spoon.  Let them cool and eat them as a snack later.  Make sure you don't leave any seeds floating around the jam.
Using sterile equipment, pour your jam into your jars, leaving 1/4" head room at the top.  Wipe off any drips as they will ruin the seal.  Immediately put on the lids and tighten, then turn upside down for 15 minutes.
After 15 minutes, turn right side up and press the lids down if needed.  Leave for an hour and check the lids.  Any that are not vacuum sealed down should be refrigerated.

Submitter: 
TexasJG
Description: 
This peach jam uses only real ingredients, no store bought pectin.  The apple provides natural pectin (especially the seeds and peel) and gives the jam a nice, firm consistency.  The color is beautiful, too.  Feel free to exchange the peaches with other fruit, such as stone fruits or berries.  This makes great gifts, too.  Of course, the best jam is made from Texas peaches ;) but I'm sure any sweet, fresh peaches will be just dandy.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
32
Nutritional Facts:
NA
