URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62456230/fall-harvest-butternut-squashpumpkin-bars-no-fat-sugar-free/
Title:
Fall Harvest Butternut Squash/Pumpkin Bars-No Fat, Sugar-Free Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup egg white (6 egg whites)
4 cups sugar substitute (I use Altern)
1 cup of apple sauce (if you are using pumpkin)
2 cups squash (cooked and pureed or use canned pumpkin)
1 teaspoon vanilla extract or coconut extract
3 cups white whole wheat flour (I used Bob Mills)
2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice
2 teaspoons baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup of pecans or macademia nuts (opt)
1/2 cup of flaked coconut(opt)
3 tablespoons of Da'Vinci or Torani Sugar free Caramel Syrup
Optional Toppings
Topping
1 cup bob mill's whole wheat pastry flour
1 cup light brown sugar, packed
1/2 cup butter, softened
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 cup chopped pecans (optional)
Optional frosting
Fat-free cream cheese frosting
3 tablespoons of Da'Vinci or Torani sugar free Caramel syrup (mixed together)
top with Sugar or Fat-free Smucker's Caramel Sauce!!

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350°F.
Grease or spray baking non-stick spray 15x10x1 pan and set aside.
In a small bowl, combine dry ingredients and set aside.
In a medium bowl, whisk or mix with electric mixer on low sugar, applesauce, egg whites, squash and extract until throughly blended.
Add a at a time flour mixture to the squash mixture until fully blended with whisk or low on electric mixture until it is cake batter.
Pour and spread into prepared pan and bake for 25-30 minutes depending on your oven or until knife comes out clean from center.
Cool and cut into squares or add your favorite icing when cake is cooled and serve immediately!  Place in fridge when done serving..

Submitter: 
WickedCreations
Description: 
I came up with this fall recipe that is low fat and sugar free for dietary reasons. It is chock full of flavor, moist and very healthy!! You can also add to it to suit you. It is lower also in calories!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
