URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62458304/skillet-chicken-and-vegetables/
Title:
Skillet Chicken and Vegetables Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1	can (14 ounces) fat free chicken broth
1	cup long grain rice
1	pound boneless skinless chicken breast halves
1	tablespoon vegetable oil
1	bag (16 ounces) frozen broccoli stir fry vegetable mixture (without sauce)
2	cloves fresh garlic, minced, or 2 teaspoon bottled minced garlic
1	tablespoon regular or reduced sodium soy sauce
2	teaspoons finely minced fresh ginger or bottled minced ginger
1	teaspoon sugar
½	teaspoon red pepper flakes
2	tablespoons cornstarch

Directions:
1.	Combine 1 cup of the broth (reserving the rest) and 1 cup water in a covered medium size saucepan and bring to a boil.  Add the rice, stir, and reduce the hat to low.  Cover the pan and simmer until the rice is tender, about 20 minutes.
2.	Meanwhile, if the chicken is frozen, run it under to remove the packaging.  Microwave the chicken, uncovered, on high power for 3 minutes to partially defrost.
3.	While the chicken defrosts, heat the oil over medium heat in an extra deep 12 inch skillet.  Add the frozen broccoli mixture and stir occasionally.
4.	Meanwhile, cut the chicken (fresh or partially defrosted) into bite size pieces, adding them to the skillet as you cut.  Cook, stirring frequently, until chicken is no longer pink in center, 5 to 6 minutes.  Add the garlic to the pan.  Stir well.  Add the soy sauce, ginger, sugar, and red pepper flakes.  Stir well and cook to blend the flavors, 2 minutes.
5.	Combine the cornstarch and remaining ¾ cup chicken broth in a small container the has a lid.  Cover and shake until the lumps dissolve.  Drizzle mixture over the chicken.  Stir continuously until the sauce thickens, about 1 minute.  Remove the skillet from the heat and set aside until the rice is done.  Serve the chicken mixture over a bed of rice.

Submitter: 
Semigourmet
Description: 
Quick zesty cheap, great tasting chicken dish.  Freezes well.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
20 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
