URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62451498/how-we-do-collards-mustards-kale-or-any-other-green-in-georgia-aka-the-right-way-to-cook-greens/
Title:
How we do collards, mustards, kale, or any other green in Georgia, AKA, the RIGHT WAY to cook greens! Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
A mess of greens, which is about as many greens as you can cram into a plastic shopping bag.
4-8 pieces of bacon or a ham hock
salt

Directions:
Wash one mess of greens and remove as much of the pulpy stem as possible.  Fry 4-8 strips of bacon in an iron skillet or frying pan until you have gotten most of the grease out and it thickly coats the bottom of the pan.  Remove bacon and add the greens.  Stir- fry, I suppose, since you are stirring and frying, for 1-4 minutes(depends on how tough the greens are) or until greens are limp, tender, and have greatly reduced in size. Pork fat is good because it helps cover the bitterness of greens while bringing out their great flavor.  At this point, you have a choice:  either serve them straight from the pan with a sprinkling of salt, or add ~3-4 cps water, 1/4 to 1/2 cup salt, and boil the greens ~one hour for extra tender, probably-won't-even-have-to-chew greens. If you don't have teeth, clearly you see which way to go here.  KEEP IN MIND: If you boil them without frying first, you will have to boil for at least two hours with some type of pork to reduce the bitterness of greens in general. My father boils his all day with a ham hock, and they turn out pretty good, but there is no need for that type of time commitment unless, of course, you have an unbreakable family tradition or sadly have no teeth( no judgement here, toothless ones!)

Submitter: 
rjkuns
Description: 
There's a short way and a long way, so no excuses will be accepted for tough, bitter greens!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
