URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62454683/super-moist-red-velvet-cake/
Title:
Super-Moist Red Velvet Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/551575.jpg
Ingredients:
Oil and flour for the pans
2 1/2 cups of all-purpose flour
1 1/2 cups of granualted sugar
1 teaspoon of baking soda
1/2 teaspoon of baking powder
1 teaspoon of fine salt
2 teaspoons of cocoa powder
1 1/2 cups of canola oil
1 cup of buttermilk, at room temperature
2 large eggs, at room temperature
2 tablespoons red food coloring (1 ounce)
1 teaspoon white distilled vinegar
1 teaspoon of pure vanilla extract
Pecans or Walnuts, for garnish
Cream Cheese Frosting (recipe to follow)

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly oil and flour 3 (9 by 1 1/2-inch round) cake pans.
In a large bowl, sift together the flour, sugar, baking soda, baking powder, salt, and cocoa powder. In another large bowl, whisk together the oil, buttermilk, eggs, food coloring, vinegar, and vanilla.
Using a mixer, mix the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients until just combined and a smooth batter is formed.
Divide the cake batter evenly among the prepared cake pans. Place the pans in the oven evenly spaced apart. Bake, rotating the pans halfway through the cooking, until the cake pulls away from the side of the pans, and a toothpick inserted in the center of the cakes comes out clean, about 20 minutes.
Remove the cakes from the oven and run a knife around the edges to loosen them from the sides of the pans. One at a time, invert the cakes onto a plate and then re-invert them onto a cooling rack, rounded-sides up. Let cool completely.
Frost the cake with cream cheese frosting. Place 1 layer, rounded-side down, in the middle of a rotating cake stand. Using a spatula spread some of the cream cheese frosting over the top of the cake. Carefully set another layer on top, rounded-side down, and repeat. Top with the remaining layer and cover the entire cake with the remaining frosting. Sprinkle the top with the pecans and enjoy!

Submitter: 
MKCortes (Latin Goddess)
Description: 
After years of experimenting with different red velvet cake recipes I have finally found the perfect configuration of ingredients that result in a rich and moist red velvet cake. It has become a family favorite!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 m + cooling
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
