URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62458225/spanish-omelette-tortilla-de-patatas/
Title:
Spanish Omelette (Tortilla de patatas) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/472414.jpg
Ingredients:
- 4 large potatoes
- 1 small onion (optional)
- 4 eggs
- Olive oil (2 cups)
- Salt

Directions:
Peel the potatoes, wash them and cut them in slices(*)(approx 1/8-inch thick)and then in half. Add salt. Chop the onions.
Pour some olive oil (2 tablespoons) into a non-stick frying pan and heat it on medium-high heat. Sautee the onions and once they are done (they should be a little bit brown) pour more oil into the pan (be generous as it should almost cover the potatoes while frying) and fry the potatoes. Turn once in a while so the potatoes don't burn.
Meanwhile, in another bowl crack the eggs and beat them. Add salt to taste. When the potatoes are cooked add them to the egg mix (you may want to let the potatoes rest on a couple of paper towels in a colander so the oils drains a bit). Let the mixture rest for 5 minutes.
Put a smaller pan on the heat and pour some of the oil you used to sautee the potatoes and onions (about 1 or 2 tablespoons). Make sure you use a non sticking pan. Once the oil is heated, pour the egg/potatoe mix into the pan and spread out evenly with a fork. The heat should be high at first and after a minute you need to turn it to medium/low so it doesn't burn. Once the egg around the edges is cooked (the middle should still be runny) you may flip it with a plate (**). Then put the heat back in high and pour some oil into the pan (1 or 2 tablespoons) and once it is heated transfer the omelette carefully onto the pan. Round the edges with a fork by going around and pushing them down. Turn down the heat to medium/low. Let it cook some more, and flip it a couple more times until it is done (***).
Transfer to serving plate and cut it into triangles and serve it with french bread.

Submitter: 
Maggie
Description: 
It is one of our favorite dishes in Spain, found at almost every bar or restaurant. It is usually served cut in triangles and with a slice of bread (french baguette like type of bread). Can be eaten as an appetizer or as a second course after or with a green salad.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
