URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62458652/luscious-lobster-corn-chowder/
Title:
Luscious Lobster Corn Chowder Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Ingrediants:
3 (1 1/2 lb) cooked lobster,cracked and split
3 ears of fresh corn
For the stock:
6 tbsp unsalted butter
1 cup chopped yellow onion
1/4 cup cream sherry
1 tsp sweet paprika
4 cups whole milk
2 cups heavy cream
1 cup dry white wine
For the soup:
1 tbsp olive oil
1/4 lb bacon,large dice
2 cups large diced unpeeled Yukon Gold potatoes (2 med)
1 1/2 cups chopped yellow onions (2 onions)
2 cups diced celery (3-4 stalks)
1 large peeled carrot small dice
1 tbsp kosher salt
1 tsp black pepper
2 tsp fresh chives
1/4 cup cream sherry

Directions:
Remove the meat from the shells of the lobster. Cut the meat into large cubes and place them in a covered bowl and refrigerate. Reserve the shells and all the juices that collect. Cut the corn off the cobs and set aside. Keep the cobs.
For the stock, melt the butter in a stockpot or Dutch oven large enough to hold all the shell and corncobs. Add the onion and cook over medium-low heat for 7 minutes or until translucent but not brown, stirring occasionally. Add the sherry and paprika and cook for 1 minute. Add the milk,cream,wine,lobster shells and their juices,and the corn cobs and bring to a simmer. Partially cover the pot and simmer the stock over the lowest heat for 30-50 minutes. Do not let this boil!
Meanwhile,in another stockpot or Dutch oven,heat the oil and cook the bacon until browned and crisp. Remove with a slotted spoon and reserve. Add the potatoes,onion,celery,corn kernel,salt and pepper to the same pot and saute for 10-15 minutes. When the stock is ready,remove the larger pieces of shell and corn cobs and discard. Place a strainer over the soup and carefully pour the stock into the pot with the potatoes and corn. Simmer over low heat for 15 minutes or until the potatoes are tender. Add the cooked lobster,chives and the sherry and season to taste. Heat gently and serve hot with a garnish of bacon.

Submitter: 
NainInCandia
Description: 
Living in New England we lobster during the summer months and I am always looking for new recipes to utilize this tantalizing creature and the fresh corn on hand.
Anyone who has ever tasted this chowder can not wait for me to make it again.
This chowda is DA BOMB!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 hrs
Ready in:
2 hrs
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
