URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62459423/no-soup-for-you-french-tomato-soup/
Title:
"No Soup For You" French Tomato Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 Tsp of dried basil, oregano, & thyme.
1 Tbsp. of chopped fresh basil, and thyme
2-3 TBsp extra virgin olive oil
1 large onion, chopped
2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced
2 lbs fresh tomatoes, peeled, seeded and chopped, or 28 oz. can whole tomatoes with liquid crushed. Do not use Roma tomatoes for the fresh tomatoes
1/4 -1/3 C. Dry Vermouth
1/2 Tsp. salt
Freshly ground black pepper
2 C. chicken broth or vegetable broth
1/4 tsp ground cinnamon, preferred freshly ground
4-5 oz. Gorgonzola or Chevre Cheese, crumbled

Directions:
Bring a pot of water to a boil, put tomatoes in and boil until skins begin to split. Remove quickly and put in ice water. Remove skins, seeds the chop tomatoes and place in a mixing bowl as you continue to skin and seed all the tomatoes.
In a 6 qt. pan put olive oil and heat over medium heat, then add onions. Season with salt and pepper. Cook until golden, about 8 minutes. Crush the dried herbs in a small container then add to the onion mixture along with the fresh herbs.
Continue cooking until the aromas fill the air, about 1 minute.
Add the Vermouth and Tomatoes and bring to a boil. Continue boiling for about 3 minutes then pour in the broth (chicken or vegetable).
Stir to blend all the ingredients then cover the pot with a good fitting lid and boil lightly for 20 minutes.
Using "Grinder Cinnamon" give a few twists over the pot. Or blend in the cinnamon by sprinkling it over the hot boiling soup and stir.
Ladle the soup into bowls, and top with a heaping teaspoon of crumbles Gorgonzola (preferred) or Goat Cheese (Chevre).
Serve with French bread or other crusty breads.

Submitter: 
PJ's kitchen
Description: 
Exotic spices and flavors of fresh tomatoes from the garden blened with onions, garlic fresh herbs, dry Vermouth and Gorgonzola cheese present a gourmet soup to serve in an hour. Fills the kitchen with aromas of herbs and spices as it simmers.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
60 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
