URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62459957/mother-earths-chocolate-chip-cookies/
Title:
Mother Earth's Chocolate Chip Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/471084.jpg
Ingredients:
2 sticks (1 cup) unsalted butter (melted)
2 1/2 cups bread flour
1 tsp. sea salt (med. coarsely ground)
1 tsp. baking soda
1/2 tsp. cinnamon (optional)
1/2 tsp. nutmeg (optional)
1 cup packed golden brown sugar
1/2 cup baker's white sugar
1 large egg
1 large egg yolk
2 tbsp. milk
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 1/4 cup semi-sweet chocolate chips
1 1/4 cup milk chocolate chips

Directions:
Melt butter in a medium sized sauce pan over "low" heat. Make sure the butter does not seperate. (will take about 10 min- have patience)Remove from heat after completely melted.
In a bowl, mix the bread flour, sea salt, baking soda, cinnamon and nutmeg together until well blended and set aside.
Mix your butter, the brown sugar and baker's white sugar into a seperate mixing bowl and cream on medium speed for about 2-3 minutes. (this will be somewhat runny because of the melted butter)
Add your egg, egg yolk, vanilla and milk to the butter and sugar mixture and continue mixing on medium speed for another 2 minutes.
Add your flour mixture gradually into the sugar mixture and blend well. I do a spoonful at a time to make sure the flour is well blended throughout the dough.
Stir in both types of chocolate chips by hand until well blended.
Refrigerate cookie dough for a minimum of 3 hrs. to overnight. Because this recipe uses melted butter, it's absolutely necessary to refrigerate the dough. The longer it cools, the more even your browning will be and also the cookie will be thicker.
After the dough has been chilled, preheat oven to 360 degrees fahrenheit. Use a med sized scoop and place 6-8 scoops 1" to 1 1/2" in diameter onto ungreased cookie sheet.(parchment paper works well too). Bake for 10-12 minutes until cookies are golden brown on top. Remove from oven and keep on cookie sheet for an additional 2 minutes before removing with a spatula and transfering to a cooling rack. It is best to chill dough between baking batches and to only put one cookie sheet in oven at a time. Also, let cookie sheets cool completely before using again. (I use 2-3 sheets and rotate them)

Submitter: 
Terra
Description: 
Valleys of chocolate with just a hint of cinnamon make this a truly wonderful soft and chewy cookie. Dressed for coffee shop attire, this cookie looks as big and beautiful as it tastes. A sophisticated twist on a child inspired classic.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
3hrs. 20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
27
Nutritional Facts:
NA
