URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62459895/little-french-fudge-cakes/
Title:
Little French Fudge Cakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/471048.jpg
Ingredients:
one 3.5 or 4- ounce bittersweet chocolate bar, broken up
1 1/2 ounces unsweetened chocolate, broken up
5 tablespoons unsalted butter
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract
2 large eggs plus 1 yolk (use 5 eggs if doubling the recipe)
1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar
1/8 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoons unbleached all- purpose flour (organic is preferred)
half of a 3.5 to 4- ounce bittersweet chocolate bar, broken up into bite- sized pieces

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Butter or spray a dark metal 6-cup cupcake tin.
Combine the broken-up bittersweet and unsweetened chocolates with the butter in a medium sized microwave safe bowl. Melt them for 2 to 3 minutes at medium-low power. Check by stirring as chocolate holds its shape when microwaved. Or melt it in a heatproof bowl over simmering water. Do not add the bite sized pieces with this! They are saved for later!
In a medium to large bowl, whisk together the cinnamon, vanilla, eggs and yolk, sugar and salt until creamy. Stir in the flour to blend thoroughly. Then stir in the chocolate/butter mixture until smooth. Finally, blend in the bite-sized pieces of chocolate. Pour the batter into the cupcake pan, filling it 3/4 of the way full.
Bake the cupcakes for 18 minutes. Insert a knife into a center of a cupcake and it should come out with some streaks of thick batter. If there is any doubt about the cupcakes being ready, press the top of one to see if it is nearly firm.Remove them from the oven. Cool the cupcakes in the pan on a rack for 5 to 10 minutes to serve warm, or for 20 minutes to serve at room temperature.

Submitter: 
Jocelyn
Description: 
No commercial mix has chocolate as good as this! The cake itself is nearly as dense as fudge.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
