URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62457524/spaghetti-with-roman-style-tomato-sauce/
Title:
Spaghetti with Roman-Style Tomato Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
28oz can of diced peeled tomatoes
3 to 4 tbs extra virgin olive oil
3 to 5 fillets anchovies or two to three sardines (optional)
3 peeled fresh garlic cloves
2 bay leaves
2 to 3 dry red pepperoncini or chile de arbol, broken (or crushed red pepper to taste)
freshly ground black pepper to taste
salt to taste
1 tsp dried oregano or basil; 1 tbs if fresh
12 kalamata or similar olives, pitted and cut in halves
1 package spaghetti or other long pasta, cooked al dente
grated parmigiano reggiano cheese to taste (optional)

Directions:
Start boiling water for pasta.
While water is heating, in separate pan, add olive oil, garlic and anchovies or sardines. I generally use anchovy. (If you prefer more chunks of fish, add it towards the end with the olives. Leave this out for vegetarian version.) Once oil is hot and garlic starts to cook (about one minute) add tomato, peppers, salt, bay leaves and dry herbs (if using). Simmer for about 15 to 20 min covered. Stir occasionally.
During simmering process, cook pasta per package directions.
Just before serving use tongs to discard garlic cloves, bay leaves and large pieces of pepperoncini, if using.
Add olives and herbs (if using fresh). Toss pasta with sauce.
Serve on individual plates or in large serving bowl. Add parmigiano. Makes about four large or six small servings.

Submitter: 
Gregg Hollander
Description: 
Quick tomato sauce from canned tomatoes, some kalamata olives for a bit of briny goodness, anchovies (if you're brave enough). Ready in about 20 minutes, about as much time as it takes to boil some pasta.

Very flexible; add a couple lumps of fresh mozzarella, or pair with a roasted chicken for an easy meal.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
