URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62462870/red-velvet-cake-with-cream-cheese-frosting/
Title:
Red Velvet Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/472895.jpg
Ingredients:
Cake:
2 1/4 cups sifted cake flour (not self-rising)
1/4 cup Dutch-process cocoa powder
1/2 tsp. salt
8 Tbsp. (1 stick) unsalted butter , at room temperature
1 1/2 cups sugar
2 large eggs , at room temperature
2 Tbsp. liquid red food coloring
1 tsp. vanilla extract | Get the recipe!
1 cup buttermilk , at room temperature
2 tsp. distilled white vinegar
1 tsp. baking soda
Frosting:
2 packages (8 oz. apiece) cream cheese , at room temperature
8 Tbsp. (1 stick) unsalted butter , at room temperature
2 1/2 cups confectioners' sugar , sifted
1 tsp. vanilla extract
Pinch of salt

Directions:
To make cake: Preheat oven to 350°. Grease two 9" x 2" round cake pans. Line bottoms with parchment paper; grease.Sift flour, cocoa, and salt into a bowl. In stand mixer with paddle attachment, beat butter at low speed until creamy. Add sugar; blend on medium speed, scraping bowl occasionally, until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add eggs 1 at a time, mixing well after each. Scrape bowl; add food coloring and vanilla. On low speed, beat in flour mixture in thirds, alternating with buttermilk, beginning and ending with flour mixture. In small bowl, stir together vinegar and baking soda. Stir into batter. Divide batter between prepared pans; spread evenly. Bake until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool in pans 10 minutes. Run a knife around edges and turn layers out onto racks. Remove paper and flip cakes; cool completely. Freeze for 30 minutes.
To make frosting: In stand mixer with paddle attachment, beat cream cheese and butter at medium speed until smooth, about 1 minute. Add sugar, vanilla, and salt. Blend on low speed for 30 seconds; beat on medium-high until fluffy.
To assemble: Cut layers in half horizontally with a serrated knife. Place 1 layer, cut side up, on a serving plate; spread with 1/2 cup frosting. Repeat twice. Add last layer, top side up. Ice cake thinly with 3/4 cup frosting to crumb-coat. Refrigerate 20 minutes; finish frosting.

Submitter: 
Babs Thomas Crow
Description: 
From the kitchen of Buddy Valastro (Cake Boss), as featured on Oprah
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
