URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62464270/buttery-soft-pretzels/
Title:
Buttery Soft Pretzels Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 teaspoons active dry yeast
1 teaspoon white sugar
1 1/4 cups warm water (110 degrees F/45 degrees C)
4 cups all-purpose flour
1/2 cup white sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 tablespoon melted or soft butter
1/2 cup baking soda
4 cups hot water
butter flavored cooking spray
1/4 cup kosher salt, for topping
2 tbl melted butter to brush on after baking

Directions:
In a small bowl, dissolve yeast and 1 teaspoon sugar in warm water. Let stand until creamy, about 10 minutes.
Heat up warming drawer on low.
In a large bowl, mix together 3.5 cups of flour, 1/2 cup sugar, and salt. Make a well in the center; add the butter and yeast mixture. Mix and form into soft dough adding another ½ cup to a cup of flour until the dough seems right. If the mixture is dry, add one or two tablespoons of water. Knead the dough until smooth, about 7 to 8 minutes. Lightly oil a large bowl, place the dough in the bowl and turn to coat with oil.  Cover with plastic wrap and let rise in a warmed oven until doubled in size, about 1 hour.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (230 degrees C).
In a large bowl, dissolve baking soda in hot water.
When risen, turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface and divide into 12 equal pieces. Roll each piece into a rope at least 20-24" long and twist into a pretzel shape. Once all of the dough is all shaped, dip each pretzel into the baking soda solution.
Allow the pretzels to sit for another 15 minutes for a 2nd small rising in warming drawer on low.
Spray on butter flavored cooking spray after placing the pretzels on a greased baking sheet and sprinkle with coarse salt.
Bake in preheated oven for 8 minutes, until browned.  Use the top racks or convection cook to avoid the bottoms getting too browned.
Brush them with melted butter when they are removed from the oven.

Submitter: 
Melinda
Description: 
Buttery soft pretzel recipe modified to include most of the reviewers suggestionsModified from: Buttery Soft Pretzels
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
2 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
