URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62461907/samosa/
Title:
Samosa Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/472287.jpg
Ingredients:
INGREDIENTS:-
For samosa sheets
3 cups of maida or all purpose flour
3 tsp of oil (1 tsp for 1 cup of flour)
1/4 tsp of carom seeds or ajwain
salt to taste
water to knead the dough
For the stuffing
2 potatoes boiled and diced
1 tblsp ginger garlic paste
1/4 tsp tumeric
2 to 3 green chillies finely chopped
coriander leaves chopped
cumin powder
coriander powder
red chillie powder
chat masala
cashew nuts 2 tblsp
1/2 tsp cumin seeds
salt to taste and lime juice of 1/2 lime
oil

Directions:
DIRECTION:-
For the dough
Take the maida,add the ajwain seeds,salt and oil to the maida and mix well
by mixing well each flour grain will be coated with the oil and it gives the cruncy
texture to the samosas.Start adding water little by little and kneading properly
make a stiff dough and let it rest for 15 to 20 mins.
Potato stuffing
Heat some oil in the pan,add the cumin seeds,ginger garlic paste,green chillies.
cashewsand turmeric mix well and let cook for few mins.the add the red chillie pwdr
coriander pwdr and cumin pwdr.add little water so the masalas don't burn.
then add the diced potates,salt and coriander leaves.sprinkle the lime juice over it.
you can make any stuffing of ur choice with any variations.
Samosa
make rolls of the dough depending on the size of samsosa you want.
roll the dough in circle first and then make them oval in shape.cut that
oval shape into half.take that half apply water on all edge,take one end
bend it in canter and taking other end overlap it on the first edge making it
a triangle or cone.fill the cone with the stuffing and seal the edges as shown
in the video to get a triangular shape for the samosa.
Samosa using spring roll sheet
take 2 spring roll sheet and cut them in centre.take the half sheet which is 2 ply
apply water on the sheet or egg wash and make a cone of it,stuff it with the
stuffing and seal the cone using water or egg wash making it triangular in shape.
Now fry the samosaos in the oil till they turn golden brown.
the samaso with the dough requires oil temp., of @ 300'F while the
spring roll samosas require higher temp., of 350 'F.
Enjoy the samosas with ur favourite chutney.

Submitter: 
JFKR
Description: 
Watch Video on VahRehVah.com
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
1.50
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
