URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62466358/jans-chewy-sandwich-rolls/
Title:
Jan's Chewy Sandwich Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/475337.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon instant yeast
1 12 ounce warm beer
1 cup warm water
3 tablespoons butter
1 tablespoon sugar
2 teaspoons salt
6-7 cups bread flour
3 egg whites beaten to stiff peaks
2 tablespoon vital wheat gluten

Directions:
BREAD MACHINE VERSION:
Place  beer, water, butter, salt and sugar, vital wheat gluten and yeast with 3 cups of the flour in the bread machine.  Let machine begin to mix for a few minutes.
Add whipped egg whites and let mix again for a few minutes.  Add flour 1/2 cup at a time until dough pulls together and no longer sticks to sides and forms a pliable ball.
Allow machine to finish out the dough setting.
Once completed follow directions below for shaping rolls.
BY HAND OR MIXER VERSION:
Place  beer, water, shortening, salt and sugar, vital wheat gluten and yeast with 3 cups of the flour in the mixer or large bowl.  Let machine begin to mix for a few minutes.
Add whipped egg whites, mix for a few minutes.  Add flour 1/2 cup at a time until dough pulls together and no longer sticks to sides and forms a nice pliable ball.
Knead for 10 minutes until smooth and elastic.
Place in oil coated bowl and cover with a towel until doubled in size.  About 1 hour.
Follow shaping directions below.
TO MAKE ROLLS FOR EITHER VERSION:
Punch dough down and place on oiled table.
Kneed and flatten to remove all gas bubbles.
Divide dough in to 16 portions.
Roll dough by cupping your hand around the ball and pushing gently back and forth. This will give the dough a smooth, taught surface.
Let the dough balls rest 5 minutes and flatten out to 1/2 inch thickness.
Place the dough balls on a parchment lined baking sheet that is dusted with cornmeal.
Sprinkle the tops of the buns with cornmeal.
Cover and let rise until double.
Heat oven to 450 degrees while dough rises.
Place buns in oven and turn oven down to 400. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes or until dark golden brown.  They will stay soft inside and once cooled be deliciously chewy

Submitter: 
What's for dinner, mom?
Description: 
Got a sandwich filling that needs a sturdy, chewy bun?  Well this is it!  Crispy on the outside while soft and creamy on the inside!  You have to try it!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
