URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62467120/boeuf-bourguignon/
Title:
Boeuf Bourguignon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/521727.jpg
Ingredients:
3.5 - 4 pounds round roast, cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces
Salt and freshly ground black pepper
1/3 cup olive oil
2 large yellow onions, thinly sliced
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
2 cups red Burgundy
1 quart beef stock
1 small package of baby carrots
2 cloves garlic
1 bouquet garni (a tied bundle of fresh herbs  - rosemary, thyme and bay leaves
1 lb. quartered baby bella mushrooms
2 T. olive oil
1 T. butter

Directions:
Season the meat with salt and pepper.
In a Dutch oven, heat the oil over high heat until it is almost smoking. Add the meat in batches -- NOT ALL AT ONCE! -- and sear on all sides until it is well browned (not gray). You dump too much meat in the pot at the same time and you'll overcrowd it; cool the thing down and you won't get good color. Sear the meat a little at a time, removing it and setting it aside as it finishes.
When all the meat is a nice, dark brown color and has been set aside, add the onions to the pot. Lower the heat to medium high until the onions are soft and golden brown (about 10 minutes).
Sprinkle the flour over the onions.
Continue to cook for about 4 to 5 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Add the red wine. Naturally, you want to scrape up all that really good fond from the bottom of the pot with your wooden spoon. Bring the wine to a boil.
Return the meat to the pot and add the carrots, garlic and bouquet garni.
Add just enough beef broth so that the liquid covers the meat by one-third -- meaning you want a ratio of 3 parts liquid to 2 parts meat (if you need more than 1 quart broth, use water for the remaining liquid). This is a stew, so you want plenty of liquid even after it cooks down and reduces.
Bring to a boil, reduce to a gentle simmer, and let cook for about 2 hours, or until the meat is tender (break-apart-with-a-fork tender).
Check the stewevery 15 to 20 minutes, stirring and scraping the bottom of the pot to make sure the meat is not sticking. You should also skim off any foam or scum collecting on the surface, using a large spoon or ladle.
While the stew is simmering, heat 2 T. oil and butter in pan and toss mushrooms in pan for about 4-5 minutes.  Set aside and add just before serving.

Submitter: 
Joy Cowling Andrews
Description: 
This is adapted from the Anthony Bourdain and Julia Child versions of the French classic.  It takes a long time to make, but is worth the effort.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
3 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
