URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62466047/pesto-and-goat-cheese-macaroni-and-cheese/
Title:
Pesto and Goat Cheese Macaroni and Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus extra for baking dish
1 clove garlic, minced
2 tablespoons finely chopped basil leaves
3/4 cup panko bread crumbs
1 3/4 cups Parmesan
1 pound Orecchiette
2 cups heavy cream
16 ounces goat cheese
1/2 cup pesto sauce, store-bought or home-made, more to taste if desired
1-1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, add to taste
1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper

Directions:
1. Butter a 2 quart baking dish or ramekins. Preheat the broiler and arrange a rack on top.
2. Melt 2 tablespoons of butter in medium bowl in the microwave. Add the garlic, basil, panko, and 1/4 cup of the Parmesan to the melted butter. Mix well and reserve.
3. Bring a large pot of heavily salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook according to the package instructions.
4. Meanwhile, put the cream in a small pot and bring to a simmer over low heat. Simmer until reduced and slightly thickened, about 5 to 7 minutes.
5. Reserve 1/4 cup of the pasta cooking water and drain the pasta. Put the large pot over low heat and add the warmed cream. When it simmers, add the goat cheese and whisk until smooth. Add in the remaining Parmesan and whisk until melted.
6. Add the pasta and stir to coat. Stir in the pesto, reserved cooking water*, if needed, salt, and pepper. Season with additional salt and freshly ground black pepper, if needed.
7. Pour the pasta mixture into the buttered baking dish and top with the panko mixture. Put under the broiler until the mixture bubbles and the top is browned, about 2 to 4 minutes. Remove from the broiler and let cool for 5 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Gregg Hollander
Description: 
Adapted from Food Network by yumsugar.com
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
