URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62461675/wolfgang-pucks-thin-pizza-dough/
Title:
Wolfgang Puck's Thin Pizza Dough Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 1/4 t yeast
1/4 cup warm water
3/4 cup cool water
2 T olive oil
1 T honey
1 t kosher salt
3 cups all purpose flour

Directions:
In a small bowl, combine the cool water with the olive oil, honey and salt.
In another small bowl, dissolve the yeast in the warm water and set aside in a warm place for 10 minutes.
Place flour in a mixer fitted with a dough hook (note: I started with beater, then switched to hook).
Slowly add the honey mixture, then follow with the yeast mixture.
Mix on low speed until the dough comes cleanly away from the sides of the bowl about 5 minutes.
Turn the dough out onto a clean work surface and knead by hand 2 or 3 minutes longer. The dough should be smooth and firm. Cover the dough with a clean, damp towel and let it rise in a warm spot for about 30 minutes. (When ready, the dough will stretch as it is lightly pulled.)
Place a pizza stone on the middle rack of the oven and preheat the oven to 500ยบ F. Divide the dough into 4 balls, about 6 ounces each. Work each ball by pulling down the sides and tucking under the bottom of the ball. Repeat 4 or 5 times. Then on a smooth, unfloured surface, roll the ball under the palm of your hand until the top of the dough is smooth and firm, about 1 minute. Cover the dough with a damp towel and let it rest for 15 to 20 minutes. At this point, the balls can be wrapped in plastic and refrigerated for up to 2 days.
To prepare each pizza, dip the ball of dough into flour, shake off the excess flour, place the dough on a clean, lightly floured surface, and start to stretch the dough. Press down on the center, spreading the dough into an 8-inch circle, with outer border a little thicker than the inner circle. If you find this difficult to do, use a small rolling pin to roll out the dough. Lightly brush the inner circle of the dough with oil and arrange the toppings of your choice over the inner circle.
Bake 10 to 12 minutes or 'til

Submitter: 
Litegal1
Description: 
Thin pizza dough with touch of sweetness - recipe by Wolfgang Puck.  Out of this world ... Important: keep your toppings to a minimum (John overdid and his crust wasn't as crispy as mine).  Recipe makes four 8 pizza's.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1:15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
