URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62468261/hatch-chile-verde/
Title:
Hatch Chile Verde Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/476875.jpg
Ingredients:
1-1/2 lbs Pork Spareribs - diced into 1/2 inch peices
1 teaspoon adobo seasoning (ex. goya)
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 shallot minced
2 bay leaves
8-10 tomatillos - husks removed, cleaned
8 hatch chile peppers
5 cloves garlic
1 white onion - quartered
1 bunch cilantro
5 tablespoons oil
2 cups chicken stock
1 teaspoon mexican oregano
1/4 teaspoon cumin
1/8 teaspoon ground cloves
1/4 teaspoon white pepper

Directions:
Heat broiler to low.  Cover cookie sheet with foil, add hatch chile peppers, onion, garlic, tomatillos to pan.  Drizzle 2 tablespoons oil over tray, roll around to coat ingredients on pan.  Place in under broiler.  Watch pepper and tomatillos for browning, turn them to get all sides brown/black.
In pot place 3 tablespoons oil, place over medium heat.  Coat pork in adobo seasoning, black pepper, salt, add to pan with oil. Add bay leaves and shallot to pan also.  Cook until brown on all sides.
Remove items from broiler when done, about 15-20 minutes.  Remove peppers and place them into paper bag to steam them, to help skins remove easily.  Add the rest of ingredients to blender.  Let peppers set about 15 minutes.  Remove peppers from bag and peel skin off.  Add them to blender.  Blend until smooth and set aside.
Once pork is brown on all sides add 2 cups chicken stock.  Simmer for 10 minutes.  Add the chile mixture to pot.  Also add oregano, cumin, ground cloves, and white pepper.  Simmer another 15 minutes.  Add chopped cilantro and remove from heat.
Salt and pepper to taste and serve.

Submitter: 
Sherbear1
Description: 
I love chile verde and had some hatch chile peppers to use up and figured what better pepper to use in chile verde?  This is a bit spicy, so you may add less to your taste.  Serve with rice, beans and tortillas.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
