URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62460922/beer-braised-short-ribs/
Title:
Beer Braised Short Ribs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
5 slices bacon roughly diced
6 pounds meaty short ribs
Kosher salt and black pepper
1 teaspoon dried thyme
2 teaspoons dried Italian seasoning
1/2 teaspoon ground coriander
1/2 teaspoon cracked red pepper
flour for dusting
olive oil
1 large onion diced
2 carrots diced
4 ribs celery diced
6 cloves garlic minced
2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar
18 oz dark beer (1 1/2 12oz bottles)
2 cups good quality chicken stock(not broth)
1 28oz can diced tomatoes drained
5 canned anchovy filets

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325
In a large heavy bottom pot fry the bacon over medium heat until it starts to crisp and the fat is rendered about 10 mins.  Remove and drain on paper towels for later.  Pour off the fat from the pan.  Trim the short ribs of excess fat and remove any silver skin.  Season w/ kosher salt and fresh black pepper.  Mix together the thyme, Italian seasoning, coriander and cracked red pepper in a small bowl.  Season the ribs w/ the mixture pressing it in to adhere.  Lightly dust w/ flour.  Add 2 tablespoons olive oil to the pot over med/high heat and brown the ribs on all sides.  Don't crowd the ribs, they'll have to be done in batches.  You can use an additional fry pan to brown some of the ribs to speed things up.  Add oil as needed to each batch.  Remove the ribs to a platter when done.  Add the onion, carrots, celery and garlic to the pot and sautee over medium heat till soft about 10-15 mins.  Add the balsamic and reduce till it's a syrup about 4 mins.  Add the beer(if you used an extra pan, add some of the beer to it to deglaze then add to the pot), chicken stock, tomatoes, anchovies and the reserved bacon.  Stir to combine.  Add the ribs back to the pot and push them down to submerge as best as possible.  Cover and bring to a boil.  Cook in the oven for 2 1/2 hours w/ the lid slightly askew to allow venting.  Remove and stir the ribs around.  Increase the oven to 400 degrees, remove the lid and cook the ribs uncovered for thirty mins.  Remove the ribs to a platter with tongs.  Spoon off any visible fat and puree the braising liquid and vegetables with a hand blender.  Return the ribs to the pot to coat.  Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Ken from CA
Description: 
The ribs are fork tender when done and the braising liquid becomes a rich sauce for serving.  The beer adds depth to the sauce without being as pronounced as red wine which is commonly used in short rib recipes. Don't be thrown off by the anchovies-they intensify the flavor of the meat.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
