URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62462410/sable-breton-galette-with-berries/
Title:
Sablé Breton Galette With Berries Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup all-purpose flour
1-1/4 teaspoons baking powder
10 tablespoons (1-1/4 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature
2/3 cup granulated sugar
1/2 teaspoon fleur de sel or ¼ teaspoon fine sea salt
1 large egg
About 1 cup lemon curd or about 3 cups berries (strawberries, raspberries, or blueberries, or a mix of all three) (optional)
Red currant jelly, for glazing, or confectioners’ sugar, for dusting (optional)

Directions:
Whisk flour and baking powder together.
Beat butter with electric mixer on medium speed until soft and creamy. Add sugar and salt and beat for another 2 minutes, or until mixture is very smooth. Beat in egg and mix for 2 minutes more. Reduce mixer speed to low, add the flour, and mix only until it blended into a very soft dough. Turn dough a few times with rubber spatula to make sure you’ve picked up all the dry ingredients at the bottom of the bowl, then scrape the dough onto wax paper or plastic wrap. Shape into a disk, wrap well, and chill for at least 3 hours. (The dough can be refrigerated for up to 3 days.)
# To bake the galette, place oven rack in center of oven. Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Butter 9- to 9-1/2-inch fluted tart pan with removable bottom and put it on a baking sheet lined with baking mat or parchment paper. Roll out dough and fit into tart pan, pressing it into the pan's fluted edge.
Bake 40 to 45 minutes, or until top is golden brown and the come away from the sides of pan.

Submitter: 
Gregg Hollander
Description: 
The sablé is a sweet shortbread that’s buttery and noticeably salty. In this version, the dough is purposely very soft (it’s too soft to roll and cut for cookies) so that it can be patted and pressed into a tart pan, baked, and used as the base of a beautiful berry dessert. You can spread the galette with lemon curd and top it with sliced strawberries or whole raspberries, but it is equally good with whipped cream or ice cream in place of the curd. From NYTimes.com Diner's Journal: dinersjournal.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/09/17/the-bakers-apprentice-galette/#more-35845
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
