URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62467977/ritas-white-chicken-chili/
Title:
Rita's White Chicken Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into small pieces
1 onion, chopped
3 cloves garlic, chopped
2 (14.5 ounce) cans chicken broth
2 (4 ounce) or 1 (7 ounce) cans chopped green chiles
1 (15 ounce) can black beans, rinsed and drained
1 (15 ounce) can whole kernel corn, drained
2 teaspoons ground cumin
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon chili powder
3 (15 ounce) cans white beans
1 to 2 cups shredded Mexican Blend cheese, divided
sour cream

Directions:
Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the chicken and onions. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the chicken begins to brown and the onion is tender, about 10 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 2-3 minutes more.
In the meantime, combine the chicken broth, green chiles, black beans, corn, cumin, oregano and chili powder in the crock pot. Puree 1 and 1/2 cans of the white beans with an immersion blender or in a regular blender. Stir the remaining white beans and the white bean puree into the mixture in the crock pot.
Add the chicken mixture to the crock pot. Cook on low for 6-8 hours or on high for 4-6 hours.
Just before serving, slowly stir in about 1 and 1/2 cups of the mexican blend cheese until melted.
Serve chili with the remaining Mexican blend cheese and sour cream.

Submitter: 
ritah
Description: 
* I brown the chicken, onions and garlic for added flavor.
* I omit the canned jalapeno peppers and cayenne pepper - and increase the green chiles
* I puree half of the white beans so the chils is creamier. 
* I add black beans and corn.
* I cook it in the crock pot so the flavors really blend.Modified from: Cha Cha's White Chicken Chili
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
