URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62462095/carmelized-cream-cheese-pound-cake-iii/
Title:
Carmelized Cream Cheese Pound Cake III Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese
1 1/2 cups butter
2 1/2 cups white sugar
6 eggs
3 cups all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 teaspoon almond extract
1/2 tsp baking powder
1/2 cup butter
1/2 cup sugar
6 bananas split down the midle length-wise
1/2 tsp cinnamon

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (160 degrees C) grease and flour a bread pan.
In a large bowl, cream butter and cream cheese until smooth. Add sugar gradually and beat until fluffy.
Add eggs two at a time, beating well with each addition. Add the flour all at once and mix in. Add vanilla.
Pour into a 10 inch tube pan. Bake at 325 degrees F (160 degrees C) for 1 hour and 20 minutes. Check for doneness at 1 hour. A toothpick inserted into center of cake will come out clean.
Once Pound Cake has cooled carmelize by placing oil in frying pan. Turn heat to medium high and wait until the oil has heated. Cut pound cake into 3/4 - 1 inch thick slice. Heat butter in a 9- to 10-inch well-seasoned cast-iron skillet over moderate heat until foam subsides, then stir in sugar and cinnamon(sugar will not be dissolved). Arrange bananas, cut side down and pound cake, in skillet. Cook, undisturbed, until sugar turns a deep golden caramel. (This can take as little as 10 minutes or as much as 25, depending.) Cool items completely in skillet. Serve with Ice cream on top of pound cake with a side of carmelized bananas.

Submitter: 
ANGELSTAR
Description: 
This is a heavy, dense, extremely good pound cake. with a twist. A fine dining restuarant we frequent has the best pound cake, carmelized with a side pf carmelized pound cake. Now that we've moved, I've replicated it for my husband. Best pound cake EVER, very gourmet, your taste buds will thank you!Modified from: Cream Cheese Pound Cake III
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
14
Nutritional Facts:
NA
