URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62462224/moussaka/
Title:
Moussaka Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 eggplants, peeled and cut lengthwise into 1/2 inch thick slices
2 potatoes, peeled and thinly sliced
1 pound lean ground beef
salt to taste
ground black pepper to taste
2 onions, chopped
1 clove garlic, minced
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon Italian seasoning
2 tablespoons dried parsley
1 (8 ounce) can tomato sauce
1/2 cup red wine
3 egg yolks
4 cups milk
1/2 cup butter
6 tablespoons all-purpose flour
3 egg whites, whipped to still peaks
salt to taste
ground white pepper, to taste
1 1/2 cups freshly grated Parmesan cheese
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg

Directions:
Lay the slices of eggplant on paper towels, sprinkle lightly with salt, and set aside for 30 minutes to draw out the moisture. With potato slices, spray with olive oil and bake at 450 until tender.
Brown ground beef, salt and pepper to taste, onions, and garlic. After the beef is browned, sprinkle in the cinnamon, nutmeg, Italian seasoning and parsley. Pour in the tomato sauce and wine, and mix well. Simmer for 20 minutes.  Allow to cool, and then stir in egg yolks.
To make the bechamel sauce, begin by scalding the milk in a saucepan. Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Whisk in flour into butter until smooth. Lower heat; gradually pour in the hot milk, whisking constantly until it thickens. Season with salt, and white pepper.  Fold in whipped egg whites.
Arrange a layer of potatoes and then eggplant in a greased 9x13 inch baking dish. Cover eggplant with all of the meat mixture, and then sprinkle 1/2 cup of Parmesan cheese over the meat. Cover with remaining eggplant, and sprinkle another 1/2 cup of cheese on top. Pour the bechamel sauce over the top, and sprinkle with the nutmeg. Sprinkle with the remaining cheese.
Bake for 1 hour at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).

Submitter: 
TheCattlemansWife
Description: 
Here is a great recipe for moussaka, a Greek dish. It includes sliced eggplant baked in a ground beef sauce and then smothered in a thin white sauce.Modified from: Moussaka
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
