URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62464525/felix-ks-chocolate-chip-cookies-ii/
Title:
Felix K.'s Chocolate Chip Cookies II Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/474492.jpg
Ingredients:
3 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
1 tsp baking powder
1 tsp baking soda
1 tsp Morton Lite速 salt
1 stick "I Can't Believe It's Not Butter速, softened
1/2 cup butter flavored Crisco速
2 cups light brown sugar
6 Tbsp white sugar
2 eggs
4 tps vanilla extract
1 (12 oz) bag chocolate chips

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Mix the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt with a wire wisk. In a separate large bowl, beat the ICBINB(R), Crisco(R), brown sugar, and white sugar with an electric mixer until smooth. Add the eggs one at a time, allowing each egg to blend into the butter mixture before adding the next. Beat in the vanilla with the last egg.  Mix in the flour  mixture 1/2 cup at a time. Fold in the chocolate chips; mixing just enough to evenly combine. Press dough into a roll about 12" long & chill for about 20-30 minutes to make the dough easier to work with. Cook in 3 batches, forming the dough into 8 or 9 discs at a time, about 1/4-inch thick & place on ungreased cookie sheets. While one batch is cooking, keep the remaining dough chilled. Prepare the next batch as the previous batch is cooling. Bake in the preheated oven until the edges are golden, 17 to 20 minutes. Allow the cookies to cool on the baking sheet until the centers begin to set, about 20 minutes. Put the cookies on racks covered with paper towels to soak up excess grease for about 15 - 30 minutes. The cookies should be crisp & chewy.

Submitter: 
Tracy Ann
Description: 
Try this recipe for terrific chocolate chip cookies! Cooked as written, they should be very similar to Subway速 chocolate chip cookies.Modified from: Felix K.'s 'Don't even try to say these aren't the best you've ever eaten, because they are' Chocolate Chip Cookies
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
