URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62476720/tamale-meat/
Title:
Tamale Meat Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/504982.jpg
Ingredients:
2 lbs Beef Roast
2 lbs Pork Roast
1 Large Onion (Quartered)
1/2 cups Oregano
3 1/2 tbsp Minced Garlic
1 tbsp Salt
Pepper to taste (approx. 1 1/2 tbsp)

Directions:
Place your meat of choice in a stew pot covered with water.
Add salt, pepper, garlic to taste. ( My rule of thumb for how much garlic is when you think you have put enough garlic in then you need to double the amount.)
Add 1 large onion quartered for every 4 pounds of meat.
Bring to a slow boil and boil until the meat is tender and falling apart. You will have to replenish the water throughout your cooking cycle because of evaporation.
The length of time it takes to cook the meat of course depends on the size of the roasts. Unfortunately I have no clue how long it will take but I recomend to cook your meat on a day you have no place to go cause it should take quite a while.
After the meat is done cooking you want to let it cool off then shred it in a big bowl. Keep the leftover broth. You will need the broth to add a little to the meat mixture and also to your tamale masa.
You can cook your meat in advance and freeze it until you are ready to make the tamales.

Submitter: 
Matthew Batchelder
Description: 
You can use any kind of meat. I prefer a combination of Beef and Pork if Venison or Elk is not available. As a matter of fact I use beef and pork along with venison/elk. I use approximately equal parts of all the meat I am using. I try to get a beef roast with a lot of fat or marbling. The neck of deer or elk is usually the choice meat for tamales and any pork roast will do. The amount of meat will vary according to personal choice. I always make to much so I end up freezing the excess red chili meat for later use in more tamales or red chili burros (burritos).
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
50
Nutritional Facts:
NA
