URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62476788/cauli-bean-tacos-with-homemade-tortillas/
Title:
Cauli-Bean Tacos with Homemade Tortillas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/482893.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tbsp. olive oil
1 large bunch cauliflower (processed until small ground pieces)
1/2 yellow onion (sliced)
1 Serrano pepper (sliced)
1 1/2 tsp. chili powder
1 1/2 tsp. cumin powder
2 tbsp. tomato ketchup
1/2 tsp. sea salt
1 15 oz. low sodium black beans (drained & processed until smooth)
pepper
Garnish with:
Romaine lettuce, tomatoes, cilantro, lime & Almond Jalapeno Jack Cheese
TORTILLAS:
1 cup white whole-wheat flour
1/4 tsp. sea salt
1/2 cup lukewarm water
You will also need 2 tsp. Earth Balance Butter (melted) and 1/4 cup additional flour.

Directions:
1.  Cut up cauliflower and put in food processor until ground into small pieces.
Add cauliflower, onion and pepper to olive oil and cook on medium high for about 5 minutes. Add seasonings and continue to cook on low for a few minutes.
2.  Process beans until smooth.  Add to cauliflower mixture and salt & pepper to taste. Use 1/4 cup mixture for each tortilla. Garnish with items of your choice.
TORTILLAS:
1. Mix flour, salt and water together to make a soft dough.
2. Spray ball of dough and surface with olive oil and knead until smooth. You want to have dough a little sticky, but not too sticy.
3.  Set the dough aside and cover with a warm damp cloth.  Let the dough rest for at least 10 minutes or more.
4.  Divide the dough into 8 equal parts.
5.  Make smooth balls and press flat.  Roll balls in flour and roll out until you have a 6 inch circle.  If the dough sticks to the rolling pin or surface, dust very lightly with flour.  (use just enough to help you roll out circle~too much flour will make your tortilla dry.
6.  Heat griddle while rolling out first two balls.
7.  Brush tortilla lightly with Earth Balance Butter on side that will touch griddle.
8.  When tortilla starts changing color and start puffing, flip over.
9.  Flip again after a few seconds. Take a flat spatula and press lightly on the puffed parts of the tortilla.  This will help the tortilla to puff more.
10. Flip again.  The tortilla should have light golden-brown spots on both sides.  Do not cook very long because it will become hard.  You need it to be soft and pliable.
11. Keep tortillas stacked together on and under a cloth to keep from drying out.
12. Tortillas can be kept in container on counter for 2 days or refrigerated for 5-6 days.
13. ENJOY!!

Submitter: 
The Health Seeker's Kitchen
Description: 
Delicious cauliflower and bean taco mix served on easy homemade tortillas.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
