URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62475442/pumpkin-won-tons-w-balsamic-drizzle/
Title:
Pumpkin Won Tons w/ Balsamic Drizzle Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
30 won ton wrappers
2 tbsp butter
3 tbsp shallot, minced
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 tbsp fresh sage, chopped
1 can pure pumpkin
1/4 cup heavy cream
1/4 cup shredded parmisan cheese
salt and pepper to taste
oil for frying
Balsalmic Drizzle
1/3 cup balsamic vinegar
3 tbsp honey
1 sprig thyme

Directions:
In a large skillet, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the shallots and garlic and saute for 5 minutes, or until slightly golden. Add the sage and pumpkin and cook until most of the moisture had evaporated, about 3-4 minutes. Stir in cream until smooth and remove from heat. Stir in parmisan and season with salt and pepper. Set aside to cool.
In a small saucepan, combine the vinegar and honey over medium-low heat. Add the sprig and cook until thick and syrupy, about 20 minutes. Cover and keep warm.
Begin assembling the won tons by fulling each one with a teaspoon of the pumpkin fulling. Place the fulling in the center of the won ton and moisten one side with water. Fold the other side over and line up the corners. Gently seal the wrapper closed by pressing the long ends of the triangle down. Be sure it is sealed comletely or the fulling will ooz into the oil. Repeat until all of the wrappers are fulled.
In a large cast iron skillet, heat 2 inches of oil to 350 degrees.  Add 5 or 6 wontons at a time and fry 1-2 minutes per side until golden. Drain on a rack.
Drizzle with balsamic and serve.

Submitter: 
jennifer macias
Description: 
This recipe started off as ravioli, but failed miserably. Since I had made a double batch I took the won tons that had not been boiled and fried them hoping to salvage them. To my surprise- it was a delicious discovery!!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
