URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62475701/tnation-avocado-cheesecake/
Title:
Tnation Avocado Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Bag of finely crushed pecans or walnuts
Half a stick of Smart Balance 50/50 butter blend with omega-3
1.5 cups Splenda or your favorite sugar-equivalent substitute
1 envelope of unflavored gelatin
1.5 cups of almond milk, unsweetened
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 very ripe avocados (almost mushy)
1 lemon for zesting or dried lemon zest
1 package (8 oz) fat-free cream cheese
Topping of choice

Directions:
1. To make the crust, melt the butter in a pan. Add enough of the crushed nuts to cover the bottom of the pan and soak up all the butter. Thin crust = a little butter and a small amount of nuts. Thicker crust = extra butter, lots of nuts. Up to you. If you want a sweet crust, sprinkle on some extra Splenda.
Stir, kill the heat, then spread evenly into the bottom of a small springform pan.
2. Now let's make the filling. In a cup, stir the gelatin into two tablespoons of water. Let it stand for 5 minutes or so. It may turn into a rubbery hockey puck. This is cool. (And perfectly fine.)
3. Zest the lemon. If you don't know what that means, ask your granny. Or use dried zest like I do.
4. In a small saucepan, combine the almond milk, Splenda, vanilla, and zest. Bring to a boil. Add gelatin puck/mixture, lower to a simmer, and whisk until the gelatin dissolves. This'll take about a minute.
5. In a food processor (or even your blender) add the cream cheese and avocados (both cubed). Pour hot milk mixture in and give it a whirl until it's super smooth.
6. Pour into the crust, cover, and stick it in the fridge for a couple of hours.
7. Top with sugar-free pie filling, whipped topping and extra chopped nuts, or whatever you want.

Submitter: 
The Viking Bunny
Description: 
My fiance is a body builder, which means that birthday cake is out of the question. Well, until he found this recipe on his favorite Body Builders forum. You can easily substitute the oober-healthy ingredients for real butter and sugar (be sure to use finely ground if you do!)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 - 20 m
Ready in:
2-3 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
