URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62472900/amish-cinnamon-friendship-bread/
Title:
Amish Cinnamon Friendship Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
To make a starter:
1 cup milk
1 cup flour
1 cup sugar
When baking:
1 cup canola oil
1 tsp. vanilla
1/2 cup milk
3 eggs
1 cup sugar
1 1/2 tsp. baking powder
1/2 tsp. salt
2 cups flour
1/2 tsp. baking soda
1 large box of instant vanilla pudding
2 tsp. cinnamon
1 cup dried fruit (optional)
3 Tbsp. cinnamon sugar (topping)

Directions:
Day 1:  If starting from scratch: In a large Ziploc baggie, combine 1 cup milk, 1 cup flour, 1 cup sugar. Close, Mush well. Let sit and do nothing else. If receiving the friendship bag, do nothing. Just place the bag on the kitchen counter.
Day 2: Squeeze the bag several times.
Day 3: Squeeze the bag several times.
Day 4: Squeeze the bag several times.
Day 5: Squeeze the bag several times.
Day 6: Add 1 cup each flour, sugar and milk. Squeeze bag.
Day 7: Squeeze the bag several times.
Day 8: Squeeze the bag several times.
Day 9: Squeeze the bag several times.
Day 10: In a large, non-metal bowl, combine batter with 1 cup each flour, sugar and milk. Mix with a wooden spoon. Pour four 1 cup starters into 4 individual gallon Ziploc bags. Give away starters to friends with this set of directions.
You'll have a little left in the bowl. Add to it oil, eggs, milk, and vanilla and mix well.
In a separate bowl mix flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, cinnamon, baking soda, vanilla pudding mix, and fruit or nuts (optional).
Mix all ingredients together. In a separate bowl, mix 1 tsp. cinnamon and 3 Tbsp. sugar. Sprinkle into 2 well-greased loaf pans and coat the sides with sugar mixture. Do not use Pam or other non-stick spray. Split the batter between the pans. Sprinkle with cinnamon sugar to cover the tops.
Bake 1 hour at 325 degrees F.
Note: the starter bags should be left out on the countertop. Do not refrigerate.

Submitter: 
The Wallace Clan
Description: 
So Fun!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 d
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
