URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62479887/the-green-goddesss-pureed-chickpea-soup/
Title:
The Green Goddess's Pureed Chickpea Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/484938.jpg
Ingredients:
Extra Virgin Olive Oil
1/4 lb Chorizo, diced
1 Large Onion, peeled and diced
2 Celery stalks, diced
2 Carrots peeled and diced
6 Garlic Cloves, peeled, smashed and divided
2 pinches crushed red pepper flakes
Kosher salt
4 15 oz cans chickpeas, rinsed
2 Quarts low-fat chicken broth
3 bays leaves
1 bundle fresh thyme
1 pinch crushed red pepper
3 springs rosemary, leaves removed
24 ready made Italian seasoned croûton
Water as needed

Directions:
On medium high heat a large soup pot coated with olive oil, add chorizo and cook until crispy add onion, celery,carrot, 3 cloves garlic, two pinches red pepper and pinch of kosher salt. Cook 6 or 7 minutes or until vegetables start to soften. Add rinsed chick peas, chicken stock, bay leaves, and thyme. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce the heat and simmer for 1 to 1 1/2 hr hours, until chickpeas are soft. Turn off heat and season with another pinch of Kosher salt, let sit for 15 minutes. Meanwhile fill a small skillet 1/2 inch deep with olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, one pinch of crushed red pepper and rosemary leaves and bring to medium heat. Using a slotted immediately remove garlic when it turns gold in color and when rosemary turns crispy set both aside. Turn infused oil heat off and save. Puree soup in food processor or blender (correct consistency at this point by adding more chicken stock or water if too thick  or by cooking it down more if to thin, ) and return to soup pot. Ladle into bowls top with croûton, crispy rosemary, chopped golden garlic, and finish with a drizzle of infused oil! Delizioso! :0}

Submitter: 
The Green Goddess
Description: 
In Italy this pureed soup is called Passato di Ceci meaning past (passato) of (di) chickpea (ceci)! I was inspired by Food Network Chef Anne Burrell oustanding  Passato di Ceci recipe that calls for dry chickpeas, but limited on time I adapted the recipe using canned chick peas and switching out the pancetta for chorizo sausage. This healthy pureed soup is comfort food at it's best!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
