URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62475491/pontchartrain-sauce/
Title:
Pontchartrain Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 shallots peeled and minced
1 large clove garlic peeled and minced
2 T butter
2 T all-purpose flour
1 cup chardonnay, reduced by two thirds
1 ½ cup heavy cream
1 t Creole mustard
1 T Cajun seasoning
1 t sea salt
1 t fresh ground mixed pepper corm blend
4 T butter
8 oz lump crab meat, picked clean
8 oz cooked crawfish
2 T minced parsley
Fish stock or chardonnay wine as needed

Directions:
Melt 1 tablespoon butter in sauté pain over medium heat.  Sauté shallot and garlic till translucent and fragrant about 3 minutes.
In another sauce pan over medium high heat, add wine and hard simmer (not boiling!) till reduced by two thirds.  Set aside.
In sauce pan with shallots add one more T butter and the flour then whisk until raw flour smell is replaced with lightly nutty fragrance, about 2 to 3 minutes.
Slowly whisk in heavy cream a little at a time.  Continue whisking until all the cream is incorporated and sauce begins to thicken, about 4 minutes (will continue to thicken while cooking).
Add reduced wine (should be reduced almost to a glaze.)
Add mustard and seasonings and additional butter one tablespoon at a time; melting each addition completely before adding next tablespoon of butter.
Fold in crab meat and crawfish.  Does not to be cooked, these should be cooked already.  Just heat through.
Add Parsley just before serving and adjust seasoning to tastes.  These spices would be the sea salt, white pepper and Cajun seasonings.
If sauce is too thick, thin out with fish stock or wine a few tablespoons at a time.  Be careful not to thin out too much, should sheet a wooden spoon.

Submitter: 
Mama Smith
Description: 
This sauce is absolutely amazing!  Great over grilled, baked or blacked fish and chicken.  I have also used left over sauce over pasta with sautéed mushrooms and grape tomatoes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
