URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62479305/low-fat-white-bean-chicken-chili/
Title:
Low-Fat White Bean Chicken Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/484526.jpg
Ingredients:
2 garlic cloves, minced
1 medium or 1/2 large red or white onion (about 1 cup chopped)
1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil
2 fresh jalapeno peppers, finely chopped (remove seeds if less heat desired)
2 4.5 oz cans of chopped green chiles
2 cups frozen sweet corn
2 15 oz. cans white beans (Great Northern used here), drained
3 cups cooked chicken breast (diced or pulled)
2 1/2 cups low-sodium chicken broth
1 tablespoon corn starch
1/2 teaspoon sea salt
1 teaspoon ground white pepper
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin
1 tablespoon finely chopped cilantro
1 tablespoon lime juice (fresh or bottled)
Diced avocado, light sour cream, and chopped cilantro for garnish if desired

Directions:
In a deep saucepan or stock pot, heat the olive oil over medium-high heat.  Add the garlic until soft, then add the chopped onions, reduce heat to medium.
Sautee onions and garlic until onions are soft.  Add the jalapenos and continue to cook.
Next, add the two cans of green chiles as well as the corn.  Cook for a few minutes over medium heat, then add 1 1/2 cups of the chicken broth.
Add the chicken.
Drain the liquid from the canned beans and add one whole can and half of the other to the soup.  Reserve half of a can (about 1 cup).
In a food processor, combine the remaining beans, 1 cup of stock, and corn starch, and blend until smooth.  This will give the chili some body.
Add the pureed bean mixture to the pot and reduce the heat to medium-low, stirring to combine ingredients.
Add salt, pepper, cumin, cilantro, and lime juice, and stir.
Simmer over low to medium-low heat until it lightly boils.
Serve ladled in a bowl, or great over a taco salad.  Top with fresh diced avocado, cilantro, and sour cream if desired.

Submitter: 
amacaday.com
Description: 
Often we think of chili as something heavy and comforting, a meal to warm us up on cold fall and winter days.  Unfortunately, many times comfort foods come with tons of calories.  This recipe has less than 400 calories per serving and is very filling.  It is also full of iron and fiber!  Top with low-fat sour cream and avocado if desired.  Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
90 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
