URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62475665/grandma-gerties-dinner-rolls/
Title:
Grandma Gertie's Dinner Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3/4 c. sugar
4 tsp salt
1 stick of butter, slightly soft
2 c. milk
2 eggs
5 pkg. dry yeast
2 c. lukewarm water
12-14 cups of bread flour

Directions:
With a kitchenaid stand mixer using the dough hook, mix sugar, salt and butter.
In a sep. bowl, mix together 5 pkgs. of yeast and 2 c. lukewarm water.  Set aside.
In a small sauce pan, heat milk until it comes to a boil and immediately remove from heat.  Add 5-6 ice cubes to cool.
To the sugar mix in the mixing bowl add the milk and 2 c. of flour.  Blend well.
Add yeast water. Blend well.
Begin adding flour around 8 more cups, one at a time.  At this point a sticky dough will form around the dough hook.
Now comes the hard part.  Pay attention to the consistancy.  Is the dough smooth and sandy vs. soft and sticky?  If yes you are done, if not keep adding flour 1/2 cup at a time until you get a smooth and sandy texture.  This will vary from kitchen to kitchen, person to person, humidity level to humidity level.  If necessary, toss the dough on the counter and knead by hand until such a consistancy is acheived.  Sometimes 5 - 10 minutes.
Now cover and rise in a warm location for 1 hour or until double.
Punch down.  Form into 48 rolls and place on a non greased jelly roll cookie sheet.  12" x 17" (6 across the short length by 8 across the long length)
Bake in a 350 degree oven for 20 min. or until golden brown on top.
Remove from oven and Baste with melted butter.

Submitter: 
J. Lynn
Description: 
A holiday cannot go by without a request for these rolls.  They can be tricky for some to make them as they can turn out flat and/or heavy.  I think the secret is knowing how to knead well. (or if you have a kitchenaid mixer and cheat like I do!)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 min. + 1 h raising
Ready in:
1 h 45 min.
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
