URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62486155/nancys-homemade-pasta/
Title:
Nancy's  Homemade Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/489113.jpg
Ingredients:
14 oz. white flour
2 oz. Semolina flour
5 large eggs, at room temperature
Chicken Broth/Water
Kosher Salt
Optional:  Freshly minced basil and/or oregano; fresh grated Parmesan cheese.

Directions:
Measure and mix the flours (these proportions worked great, but you can experiment with proportions).   Mound flours up in a large bowl or on clean counter top. Make a large depression in the center in which you add the raw eggs.
Using a fork work enough flour from outside into the eggs to make a ball. DO NOT add any salt to this dough.  (Salt goes into the broth/water to taste later when cooking the pasta).
Knead adding enough flour to make a smooth ball that does not stick to fingers.
Let rest wrapped in plastic for 5 minutes or so then make pasta of choice with pasta machine according to the machine's directions (the kids love to help crank!) OR roll out flat on slightly floured surface, fold into thirds, and roll out again until shiny and elastic and cut into noodles or pasta of choice.
Cook immediately in broth for fresh cooked pasta. Pasta can also be hung over the back of a towel covered kitchen chair or placed on a cloth covered table to dry for a couple hours (be sure to keep each piece separated while drying). Store dried noodles in plastic container in refrigerator about four days or for a month in freezer.
Bring chicken broth (which may be diluted with a little bit of water) to a boil.
Add pasta.  Boil 2-5 minutes until Al Dente.  Drain, add a bit butter or extra-virgin olive oil, salt and pepper; serve immediately.
Note: This pasta (as pictured above)is also delicious with freshly minced basil and/or oregano mixed into the dough or tossed into freshly cooked drained pasta and topped with freshly grated Parmesan cheese. When fresh herbs are not in season mix pesto into hot drained noodles. This pasta is smooth, tender and, if not overcooked, pleasantly chewy.

Submitter: 
NJHoffman
Description: 
Healthy, easy, deliciously fresh.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35-40 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
