URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62482416/wild-rice-stuffing-with-pears-cranberries-and-creamy-rosemary-mushroom-sauce/
Title:
Wild Rice Stuffing with Pears, Cranberries and Creamy Rosemary Mushroom Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Wild Rice Stuffing
1 cup brown rice
1/2 cup wild rice
2 cups Pacific Naturals Chicken Broth (use vegetable broth for vegetarian dish)
2 1/2 cups water
2 Bartlett Pears, diced
1 cup dried cranberries
2 bunches green onions, sliced (handful reserved for garnish)
Creamy Rosemary Mushroom Sauce
4 Tbsp butter
8 oz baby bella mushrooms, chopped
2 Tbsp fresh rosemary, chopped
1 tsp fresh thyme, chopped
Salt and pepper to taste
4 Tbsp butter
1/3 cup flour
1 cup Pacific Naturals Chicken Broth (use vegetable broth for vegetarian)
1 1/2 cup whole milk
Salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
In a large saucepan or Dutch oven, add the brown rice, wild rice, Pacific Naturals Chicken Broth and water. Bring to a boil, then cover, reduce heat and simmer for 45-50 minutes.
After the rice has been cooking for about 30 minutes, add the diced pears, cranberries, sliced green onions (saving some for garnish), and about 1/2 cup sauteed mushrooms (see #3.) Mix in and continue cooking for about 20 more minutes, or until rice is finished cooking.
In a large saucepan, melt the butter and then saute the chopped mushrooms, fresh rosemary and fresh thyme for about 5 to 7 minutes, or until mushrooms darken. Spoon out about 1/2 cup to add to the rice mixture (see #2), then place the remainder of the sauteed mushrooms on a nearby plate.
In the same skillet, prepare the cream sauce. Melt the 4 Tbsp of butter over medium-low heat, then quickly stir in the flour, forming a paste. Vigorously and continuously whisk in the Pacific Naturals chicken broth and the milk, until the flour has melted into the sauce. Continue to cook over medium-low heat until the sauce thickens and begins to bubble. Once bubbling, stir the sauteed mushrooms back into the sauce. Pour sauce over the stuffing to serve.
Serve the Wild Rice Stuffing with Pears, Cranberries and Creamy Rosemary Mushroom Sauce.

Submitter: 
biz_kid1
Description: 
Original recipe by Erin Chase ($5 Dinner Mom) posted at everydaychefchallenge.com
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
1 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
