URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62488173/shredded-chicken-tacos/
Title:
SHREDDED CHICKEN TACOS Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 (8 ounce) cans Tomato Sauce
2 teaspoons White Distilled Vinegar
2 teaspoons Minced Garlic
3 1/2 teaspoons ancho chile powder
1 teaspoon Ground Cumin
2 teaspoons Oregano Leaf
1/2 teaspoon sugar
2 tablespoons Extra Virgin Olive Oil
2 pounds bone-in, skin-on chicken breasts
Adobo with Pepper, to taste
1 (10 ounce) package Corn Tortillas, warmed
For the Garnish:
1/4 cup finely chopped white onion
1 lime, cut into wedges
2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro
Lettuce, tomatoes, avocados and/or onions (optional)
Hot Sauce

Directions:
In medium bowl, mix together tomato sauce, vinegar, garlic, chili powder, cumin, oregano, and sugar. Season with Adobo; set aside.
Heat oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Season chicken with Adobo. Cook chicken, turning once, until light golden brown on both sides, about 5 minutes. Add reserved tomato sauce mixture to pan; bring to a boil (be careful, the tomato sauce can splatter). Lower heat to medium low. Simmer, covered, until cooked through (thermometer will register 170 degrees F when inserted into thickest part of breast), flipping once, about 20 minutes.
Transfer chicken to cutting board; reserve sauce in pan. Remove and discard bones and skin. Using two forks, shred chicken breast. Transfer chicken to skillet with sauce, mixing to combine; continue to cook until sauce reduces and blends into chicken, and mixture begins to caramelize, about 10 minutes more.
Transfer chicken mixture to serving bowl. Spoon into warmed corn tortillas. Garnish with lettuce, tomatoes, avocados and/or onions, if desired. Sprinkle with hot sauce, if desired.

Submitter: 
thowlett1959
Description: 
Bone and skin are left on the chicken breasts so they're extra flavorful as they simmer in tomato sauce and a blend of savory seasonings.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
n/a
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
