URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62489122/homemade-pop-tarts/
Title:
Homemade Pop Tarts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups flour
1 tbsp sugar
1 pinch salt
1 cup butter, cold and cubed
2 egg, divided
2 Tbsps milk
Cinnamon Sugar Filling
1/2 cup brown sugar
1 1/2 tsp cinnamon
4 tsp flour

Directions:
Prepare the cinnamon sugar filling by whisking the 3 ingredients together. Set aside.
For dough:
Whisk together flour, sugar and salt. Using your fingers or a pastry blendeer, work in the butter until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Whisk together one egg and milk and add it to the dough. Mix together with a fork until everything is evenly moistened. Knead briefly, if necessary, until dough comes together.
Divide dough in half. Roll out one piece of dough to a 9 1/2 by 12 1/2 inch rectangle. Use a sharp knife trim the rectangle to 9 by 12 inches. Cut the sheet into 9, 3 by 4 rectangles. Using a spatula, transfer rectangles to parchment lined cookie sheet. Beat the remaining egg. Brush beaten egg onto each of the rectangles. Spoon cinnamon filling to within 1/4 inch of edge.
Roll out second piece of dough exactly as the first one. Place those 9 pieces on top of the 9 pieces on the cookie sheet. Using your fingers, press the seams of dough to seal. Press with tines of a fork around the edges. Prick the tops of the rectangles in multiple spots to let steam escape.
Refrigerate the pan with the pastries (no need to cover) for 30 minutes. In the meantime, preheat the oven to 350. Take out pastries and brush tops with beaten egg.
Bake for 25 - 30 minutes, or until lightly browned. Cool slightly before serving.
Store in airtight container at room temp for up to 1 week.

Submitter: 
jowolf2
Description: 
So good...you won't go back to store bought! You can use any jam as a filling but I recommend trying the cinnamon filling!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
9
Nutritional Facts:
NA
