URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62483918/enchilada-verdes/
Title:
Enchilada Verdes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/488083.jpg
Ingredients:
4 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
2 tablespoons minced garlic
1 medium onion, chopped
3 cups water
1 tablespoon chicken bouillon granules
3 fresh poblano chilies
1 fresh jalapeno pepper
6 tomatillos, husks removed and cleaned
1 white onion, quartered
4 cloves garlic
1 teaspoon mexican oregano
1/2 teaspoon majoram
1/2 teaspoon salt
pinch of ground cloves
pinch of white pepper
pinch of thyme
5 tablespoons poblano sour cream (you may sub regular if you cannot find this)
2 tablespoons olive oil
6 oz enchilado cheese - sliced
12 (6 inch) corn tortillas
1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese

Directions:
Place the chicken breasts, garlic, onion, water, and chicken bouillon into a saucepan. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to medium-low and simmer for 40 minutes. When finished, remove the chicken to a plate to cool. Measure out 1/2 cup of the chicken broth and discard the rest.
Roast tomatillos, onion, garlic in foil bag with oil underneath broiler until softened (about 20 minutes). Place them into blender with oregano, majoram, salt, cloves, white pepper, thyme and blend well and set a side. Roast the poblano chiles & jalapeno underneath a broiler until the skin has blackened on all sides. Place the chiles into a plastic bag, or a bowl covered with plastic wrap, and allow to steam as they cool, about 30 minutes. When cool, peel the blackened skin off of the pepper, and remove the seeds and membrane.
Add reserved chicken broth into a blender along with the roasted poblanos, jalapenos and sour cream. Puree until smooth and set aside.
Heat the olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Fry the tortillas one at a time until softened and beginning to crisp. Place onto a plate and set aside. Pour the pureed poblano mixture into the skillet and simmer for 10 minutes. While the sauce is cooking, slice the cooled chicken breasts into 1/4 inch strips.
Using tongs, dip a tortilla into the sauce, coating both sides. Place some of the chicken and enchilado cheese in the center of the tortilla, roll tightly, then place on a serving dish with the seam side down. Repeat with remaining tortillas. Spoon any remaining sauce over top of the enchiladas, then sprinkle with the shredded mozzarella cheese.

Submitter: 
Sherbear1
Description: 
I love enchiladas, these are very similar to the ones you would find in a mexican restaurant. Serve with a salad of lettuce, tomatoes, sour cream and guacamole.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
