URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62481310/lemon-lavender-layer-cake/
Title:
Lemon Lavender Layer Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/485928.jpg
Ingredients:
Cake:
2 ½ cups all-purpose flour
1 ½ teaspoons baking soda
¼ teaspoon salt
10 tablespoons butter, cut into 10 pieces
1 1/3 cups whole milk
1 tablespoon dried lavender flowers, crumbled
5 large eggs
2 cups granulated sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 tablespoon grated lemon zest
Frosting:
½ cup butter, softened
1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened
2 cups powdered sugar
1 tablespoon honey
2 teaspoons grated lemon zest

Directions:
For the cake: Preheat oven to 350 degrees and grease 2 (9 inch) round baking pans. In a medium mixing bowl stir together flour, baking soda, and salt. Set aside.
In medium saucepan heat butter, milk, and lavender over low heat just until mixture is hot and butter is melted. Remove from heat. Meanwhile, in a large mixing bowl with an electric mixer on medium speed beat eggs and sugar until thickened and lightened to a cream color. Beat in vanilla and lemon zest. On low speed gradually add flour mixture and mix until blended. Slowly add hot milk mixture and beat until combined.
Divide batter evenly between prepared pans. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Cool cakes in pans for 10 minutes then carefully invert cakes onto cooling racks to cool completely.
For the frosting: In a medium mixing bowl with an electric mixer on medium speed cream butter and cream cheese until smooth. On low speed gradually add powdered sugar and beat until smooth. Beat in honey and lemon zest just until blended.
To assemble: Place one of the cooled cake layers top side down on a serving plate and spread about a ½ cup of frosting over it. Top with remaining cake layer top side up and frost the top and sides of the cake with the rest of the frosting. Garnish cake with long strips of lemon zest and some crumbled lavender flowers. Keep cake in the refrigerator and bring out to room temperature when ready to serve.

Submitter: 
Cupcake Princess
Description: 
The unique flavor of lavender works great with the bright flavor of lemon in this gorgeous layer cake that I created.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
