URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62483154/saveurs-chocolate-cream-pie/
Title:
Saveur's Chocolate Cream Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
16 tbsp. unsalted butter, cut into 1/2" cubes and chilled, plus more for pie plate
1/4 cup packed light brown sugar
1  9-oz. package chocolate wafers, such as Nabisco, finely ground (about 2 1/4 cups)
3 1/2 cups half-and-half
2/3 cup plus 2 tbsp. sugar
1/4 cup cornstarch
9 egg yolks
9 oz. semisweet chocolate, finely chopped
2 oz. unsweetened chocolate, finely chopped
2 1/2 tsp. vanilla extract
2 cups heavy cream
Dark chocolate, for garnish

Directions:
Heat oven to 375°. Grease bottom and sides of a 9" glass pie plate with butter; set aside. Heat 8 tbsp. butter and brown sugar in a 1-qt. saucepan until sugar dissolves. Transfer butter mixture to a medium bowl; stir in ground wafers. Transfer mixture to pie plate; press into bottom and sides, using the bottom of a measuring cup to compress crust. Refrigerate for 20 minutes. Bake until set, about 15 minutes; let cool.
Heat half-and-half in a 4-qt. saucepan over medium-high heat until it just begins to simmer; remove pan from heat. In a large bowl, whisk together 2/3 cup sugar and cornstarch; add egg yolks and whisk until smooth. Drizzle half-and-half into egg yolk mixture, whisking constantly, until smooth. Return mixture to saucepan; heat over medium heat. Cook, stirring often, until bubbles rise to the surface and mixture is very thick, 3–4 minutes. Remove pan from heat and add remaining butter and chocolates in small batches, whisking until smooth; stir in 1 1/2 tsp. vanilla. Set a sieve over a medium bowl and strain chocolate mixture. Cover with plastic wrap, pressing plastic onto surface; refrigerate until set, about 4 hours.
Remove plastic wrap from chocolate filling and, using a rubber spatula, stir mixture until smooth. Spoon mixture into reserved crust, forming a dome, and smooth surface with the spatula. In a large bowl, whisk remaining sugar, remaining vanilla, and heavy cream until stiff peaks form; spread on top of filling, forming a dome. Using a peeler, shave some of the dark chocolate onto top of pie. Keep refrigerated until ready to serve.

Submitter: 
Gregg Hollander
Description: 
A crunchy crust and pudding-like filling make this pie a standout. This pie should be well chilled before it’s served. 
www.saveur.com/article/Recipes/Chocolate-Cream-Pie?cmpid=tw
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
