URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62485723/better-than-starbucks-pumpkin-scones/
Title:
Better-Than-Starbucks Pumpkin Scones Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/488857.jpg
Ingredients:
4 cups all-purpose flour
14 Tbsp sugar
2 Tbsp baking powder
1 tsp salt
1 tsp ground cinnamon
1 tsp ground nutmeg
½ tsp ground cloves
½ tsp ground ginger
12 Tbsp cold butter
1 cup canned pumpkin
6 Tbsp milk
2 large eggs
Icing:
2 cups confectioners’ sugar
4 Tbsp milk
½ tsp cinnamon
¼ tsp nutmeg
pinch of ginger
pinch of ground clove

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425F. Line baking sheet with parchment paper.
Combine flour, sugar, baking powder, salt and spices in a large bowl or food processor.
Cut butter into the dry ingredients. It’s easier to do it in Tbsp’s because of the difficulty of mixing dough. Mix till crumbly, or butter is no longer in clumps.
In separate bowl, whisk together the eggs, milk and pumpkin.
Fold into dry ingredients, which is easy with a food processor.
Form dough into a ball. Pat out dough on lightly floured surface. There’s many ways to do this but I find it easier to half until I get 12 portions and then shape them into pie-shape pieces by hand, about ¾” thick.
Place on prepared baking sheet. Bake for 15 minutes. Scones should begin to turn light brown.
Let cool. In the meantime, make icing.
Combine all icing ingredients and drizzle over scones in a zigzag pattern. It looks much nicer if piped with a bag. Allow icing to dry for about an hour before serving (if you can wait that long).

Submitter: 
Shawna Hambly
Description: 
I decided I no longer wanted to fork out big bucks for the autumn delight of Starbucks pumpkin scones. I went on a hunt for something I could make myself and got this beauty of a recipe. They're even softer than the ones I've loved from Starbucks, and way too easy to make.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
