URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62480192/chicken-flautas/
Title:
Chicken Flautas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/485107.jpg
Ingredients:
2lbs boneless skinless chicken
1/2 a small onion
4 cloves of garlic minced
2 small cans of diced green chilis
2 packets of taco seasoning
3/4 pack of pre-shredded mexican cheese
Package of 25 medium flour tortillas
toothpicks
48 ounces of vegetable oil

Directions:
Boil chicken in large pot of water with onions and garlic.
When done, shred chicken and put in a large mixing bowl
Strain boiled water to save onion and garlic. Add onion and garlic to shredded chicken
Open the cans of green chilis and add to chicken.
Add both packs of taco seasoning. Stir well.
Add cheese. Stir
Put oil in another large pan and put on medium high heat.
Start rolling flautas by placing a one inch line of chicken mixture down the center of tortilla.
Roll and secure with toothpick. You may have a couple extra tortillas when done.
Don't forget to keep checking oil for readiness. You can do this by holding a toothpick in the oil at an angle and watching for bubbles climbing up the toothpick.
Use tongs to place rolled up flautas in oil. Hold each one with tongs for a few seconds before letting go otherwise they might unroll.
I can normally fit 4 in the pot at a time. Use tongs to hold them under oil and to roll them over. They won't want to roll over so you'll have to use the tongs to hold them in place.
Remove from pan when they are a nice golden brown all around. Place finished flautas on a cookie sheet in the oven set too warm.
Keep doing this until all flautas are done.
Serve with guacamole, sour cream, and salsa for dipping.

Submitter: 
Chel_C
Description: 
A friend and I created these one night and they have been a hit of everyones ever since. I have made these for many people and every single person loves them and begs for this recipe.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
7
Nutritional Facts:
NA
