URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62481853/moms-sloppy-joe-stuffed-peppers/
Title:
Mom's 'Sloppy Joe' Stuffed Peppers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb ground beef
5 peppers (red, green)
3 garlic cloves
1 tsp Worcestershire sauce
½ cup uncooked minute rice (or you can substitute ½ cooked rice to the mixture before stuffing peppers)
1 c beef broth (divided)
2 15 oz cans tomato sauce
1 pkg sloppy joe mix
1 c shredded parmesan cheese (divided)
Salt & pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Mix the 2 cans of tomato sauce with the package of sloppy joe mix and set aside.
Wash the peppers and cut the tops off (save them for later). Scoop out the seeds. Finely chop the usable parts of the pepper along w/ the garlic cloves. Lightly sauté for approx. 1-2 minutes.
Add the ground beef to the garlic & pepper mixture along with 1/2 cup of the beef broth. When the beef/pepper/garlic mixture is mostly cooked, drain off most of the liquid (as there will be fat from the beef) but leave a little so the mixture does not become too dry.
Add the ½ cup of minute rice, the remaining ½ cup of beef broth and the Worcestershire sauce. Simmer for approx. 10 minutes or until the rice becomes tender. Add ½ cup of the parmesan cheese along with ½ - ¾ cup of the tomato sauce mixture (do not let the mixture become too ‘loose’).
Ladle some of the tomato mixture to the bottom of your baking pan then stuff the peppers with the beef mixture and set in pan. Ladle the remaining tomato sauce mixture over them. Bake (covered) for 25 minutes then sprinkle the remaining ½ cup of parmesan cheese over the top and bake 10 more minutes.

Submitter: 
WorkingMom
Description: 
With two picky eaters who LOVE Sloppy Joes and an overabundance of green peppers from my garden I came up with this family favorite that also incorporates more vegetables into their mealtime!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
