URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62488447/tomato-beef/
Title:
Tomato Beef Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
¾	pound lean boneless beef steak (such as top round, flank, or sirloin)
2	teaspoons cornstarch
2	teaspoons soy sauce
1	tablespoon dry sherry
1	tablespoon water
¼	cup salad oil
½	teaspoon minced fresh ginger
1	clove garlic, minced
2	large stalks celery, cut into ¼ inch thick slanting slices
1	medium size onion, cut into wedges, layers separated
1	green bell pepper, seeded and cut into 1 inch squares
3	medium tomatoes, each cut into 6 wedges
Salt
Cooking sauce
1	tablespoon soy sauce
1	tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
1	tablespoon cornstarch
3	tablespoons catsup
1	teaspoon curry powder
½	cup water

Directions:
1.	Cut beef with the grain into 1 ½ inch wide strips; then cut each strip across the grain into 1/8 inch thick slanting slices.  In a bowl, stir together cornstarch, soy, sherry, and water.  Add meat and stir to coat, then stir in 1 ½ teaspoons of the oil and let marinate for 15 minutes.
2.	Meanwhile, prepare cooking sauce; stir together all cooking sauce ingredients, and set aside.
3.	Place wok over high heat; when wok is hot, add 2 tablespoons of the oil.  When oil begins to heat, add ginger and garlic and stir once.  Add meat mixture and stir fry until meat is browned (1 ½ to 2 minutes); remove from wok and set aside.
4.	Pour remaining 1 ½ tablespoons oil into wok.  When oil is hot, add celery and onion and stir fry for 1 minute.  Add bell pepper and stir fry for 1 minute, adding a few drops of water if wok appears dry.  Add tomatoes and stir fry for 1 minute.  Return meat to wok.  Stir Cooking sauce, pour into wok, and stir until sauce boils and thickens.  Season to taste with salt.

Submitter: 
Semigourmet
Description: 
Different Asian Style stir fry.  Very flavorful and filling.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
20
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
