URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62486927/blue-ribbon-cheese-cake/
Title:
Blue Ribbon Cheese Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Cheese Cake Filling
1 pint sour cream
2 8 oz cream cheese room temperature
1/2 cup white sugar
3 eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla
2 tablespoons white sugar
Crust Ingredients
1/2 cup finely minced almonds
1 1/2 cups quick oats oatmeal or Alternate:
regular oats pulsed quickly in blender.
1/3 cup brown sugar
1/3 cup butter

Directions:
In medium bowl melt butter and add brown sugar and oats. Mince almonds in blender or food processor until powdery and mix with oats, butter and sugar. If sticky add a little more oatmeal.  You want it light crumbly or sides of crust will melt down during cooking.  Gently press into bottom and half way up sides of a spring form pan. Careful not to make corners to thick. Bake 325 for 18 minutes and let cool 10 minutes.
Mean while mix softened cream cheese, sugar, 1/2 of sour cream and vanilla.  Mix until smooth.  Add eggs one at a time mixing slightly in between. Mix until well blended on medium speed. When crust is cooled pour mixture into crust and bake 350 for 45 minutes. Let cool for 10 minutes.
In small bowl mix rest of sour cream, 2 tablespoon white sugar and 1 tspn vanilla and mix well.  Spread over cheesecake and bake 10 more minutes.  Remove sides of spring pan and let cool completely. When cooled use knife or spatula to gently loosen under crust and carefully slide onto serving plate.  Best if refrigerated over night or at least 8 hours.
Serve plain or refreshing with fresh sliced Strawberries mixed with glaze or Cherrie pie filling.
ENJOY!

Submitter: 
Ann Pacheco
Description: 
Smooth and creamy cheesecake with sour cream top layer and a buttery almond oatmeal crust. Blue ribbon winning recipe at our county fair years ago. I have not found anyone who does not rave about it while eating it. My family requests it every holiday!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
