URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62487691/brazo-gitano-de-guayaba---jelly-roll-with-guava/
Title:
Brazo Gitano de Guayaba - Jelly Roll with Guava Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/490918.jpg
Ingredients:
3 large eggs
1 cup sugar
1/4 cup water
1 tsp vanilla
1 tsp freshly grated lime peel
1 cup sifted Self-Rising Flour
Powdered sugar
About 1 cup softened guava paste or guava jelly (or jam of your choice for a different flavor)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375F
Grease and flour 15 x 10 x 1 inch jelly roll pan and set aside.
Break eggs into small mixing bowl; beat with electric mixer until thick and lemon-colored.
Gradually beat in the sugar.
Add water, lime peel and vanilla and blend well.
Gradually beat in flour until smooth.
Pour into prepared pan and bake 12 min or until golden brown.
Remove from oven, loosen edges with sharp knife.
Immediately turn out onto tea towel sprinkled with powdered sugar.
Cut guava paste in chunks and put in a microwave safe bowl. Microwave at 20 sec intervals and stirring in between until spreadable. Be careful, it will get hot because of the high sugar content.
Trim any stiff edges and spread guava over the cake.
Carefully roll up, jelly-roll fashion, from narrow end, using towel to ease cake over.
Cool, wrapped in towel on wire rack about 1/2 hour.
Carefully remove towel and sprinkle powdered sugar over the top if desired. Slice to serve.
Optional: you may also spread a layer of cream cheese (plain or sweetened to your taste) before the guava. If you do this, watch the temperature of the guava paste; if it is too hot it will melt the cheese and it will make a mess. Keep things just warm enough for spread-ability.

Submitter: 
Milly Suazo-Martinez
Description: 
Recipe I've had for 25+ years.. In Puerto Rico, the Brazo Gitano made by Franco in Mayaguez is a favorite. This homemade version may not be an exact duplicate but it is just as good or better, in my opinion. Mix and match the fillings to your taste.. Cream cheese along with the fruit of your choice is a favorite of many.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
