URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62486241/cashew-chicken/
Title:
Cashew Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 boneless skinless chicken breasts (1.5 lbs)
1 head of broccoli
1 large red bell pepper
1 tbsp cornstarch
1 ½ tbsp peanut oil
7oz can whole cashews
Marinade:
1 tbsp sherry
1 tsp soy sauce
¼ tsp garlic salt
1 tsp sugar
Sauce:
3 tbsp soy sauce
2 tbsp sherry
2 tbsp sugar
2/3 cup chicken broth

Directions:
Remove all of the fat from the chicken and cut each breast into ½ inch cubes. Place these cubes in a container and add the marinade in the following steps. First add the sherry and soy sauce stirring thoroughly. Then slowly sprinkle in the garlic salt and sugar, making sure to hit each piece. Mix well and let the chicken marinate for 15 minutes at room temperature.
While the chicken marinates, prepare the vegetables. Rinse the entire head of broccoli under cold water and then cut off the crowns. Break or cut these florets into smaller pieces and place them in a large microwave safe bowl. The stalks can then either be discarded or saved to be used in a future recipe.
Next, cut the red pepper in half lengthwise and remove the stem, seeds, and white inner meat. Then rinse the remaining pepper under cold water, dry it with paper towels and cut it into 1 inch squares.
Place these pepper squares in the bowl with the broccoli and cover them with hot water. Microwave these vegetables on high for just 2 minutes. This is the same as parboiling except it takes much less time. Once they have been microwaved, drain them in a colander and set them aside.
In a cup, mix together all of the ingredients for the sauce and set it aside.
In a small cup, mix the cornstarch with just enough water to dissolve and set it aside.
Once the chicken has marinated for 15 minutes, heat a large pot or wok on high. Then add the oil and let it get hot. Once hot, add the chicken cubes and stir fry them for 3 minutes. Then remove them from the wok and set them aside.
Without wiping out the wok, add the cashews and stir fry them for 1 minute. Add the vegetables and stir fry for another 2 minutes.
Serve with either white or fried rice. Makes 3 servings.

Submitter: 
AlaskanDelicacy
Description: 
Cashew chicken is a wonderful warm and delicious dish that is found in most Chinese restaurants today. As with many popular stir fry recipes, there are various versions of this delectable dish
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
