URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62483504/chicken-breasts-in-a-sour-cream-and-wine-sauce/
Title:
Chicken Breasts in a Sour Cream and Wine Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/3 C butter
4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts
1 small can (4 oz or so) sliced mushrooms (optional), drained
4 green onions (scallions), cut up, whites only
2 t. Paprika
3 T. flour
1 chicken boullion cube disolved in 1/4 C. water
1/2 C. sour cream
1 C. white wine (sauvignon blanc, chenin blanc or chardonnay)
3 slices of bacon, cooked and crumbled
toasted almond slivers to garnish
4 cups cooked long grain rice

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Spray an 11" x 7" baking pan with cooking spray, set aside. Melt butter in saute pan. Brown chicken breasts on both sides in butter, seasoning with salt and pepper. Arrange chicken in baking pan, and add mushrooms if desired to the chicken. Set aside. Add scallions to the butter, and saute until soft. Remove from heat and and stir in paprika and flour. Return to heat and cook for one minute. Add the boullion mixture to the pan and stir until boiling. The mixture in the pan will be thick. Remove from heat, and add wine to the mixture, combining well. Add sour cream, sirring gently until smooth. Pour sauce over chicken and mushrooms. Cover the casserole dish and bake for one hour. Prepare rice while chicken bakes. Remove chicken from oven, place each breast on a bed of rice. The sauce may have separated, so stir until well blended, spoon over chicken and rice and garnish with bacon and almonds.

Submitter: 
AntKathy
Description: 
I adapted this recipe from one received years ago. This is one of the few entrees I make that the entire family enjoys. I've given the recipe to many friends who are looking for a new way to serve chicken, and they've all come back with rave reviews.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
