URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62485600/chicken-and-spinach-enchiladas-with-sour-cream-sauce/
Title:
Chicken and spinach enchiladas with sour cream sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/488801.jpg
Ingredients:
1 large yellow sweet onion
1/4 fresh bell pepper
1 clove garlic
4 skinless chicken breasts
1 cup shredded monterrey jack cheese
1 cup shredded cheddar
1 bag baby spinach leaves
12 white or yellow corn tortillas
1 8oz cup of sour cream
1 8 oz jar of salsa (hotness to your preference, I use medium)
1/2 stick of sweet cream salted butter (or 1/4 cup olive oil)
1 tablespoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon ground black pepper

Directions:
1. Chop onion, bell pepper and garlic and sautee in oil/butter until the onion is clear(about 15 minutes over medium heat)
2. Cube chicken and poach in a separate pan (put it in a pan and add enough water to cover it, and boil for 15 minutes). Set aside to cool.
3. Once cool, chop into smaller bits, then add it to the pan of onion mix.
4. Stir in cumin, and pepper, reduce heat to low and cover.
5. Once chicken has simmered with the veges, add 3/4 of the bag of spinach to the pan, turn OFF the heat, and put the lid on it so the spinach wilts.
6. While spinach is wilting, put the remainder of the spinach, the cup of sour cream, and the jar of salsa into a blender and puree until thoroughly mixed. You will have to shake the blender violently to get the spinach leaves to blend.
7. Once spinach is fully wilted in the onion pan, stir thoroughly so the chicken, spinach and veges are mixed well.
8. In a small side pan, melt some butter or oil and fry each tortilla for about 10 seconds on each side over medium heat.  This will add some flavor to the tortillas, and prevent them from breaking when you roll up the enchiladas.
8. Set the tortillas on a napkin-covered plate to cool and drain the excess butter/oil as you fry them.
9. Spoon chicken and veges mixture into tortillas, add a pinch of monterrey jack cheese to each one, and roll them up, seam side down into a glass cooking pan.
10. Once all enchiladas are aligned in the pan, cover them with the spinach/sour cream/salsa sauce. Sprinkle remaining jack cheese and cheddar over the dish. Bake at 300 degrees for 20 minutes, or until cheese is bubbly.

Submitter: 
Theresa L. Ligon
Description: 
This is a rich and hearty TexMex dish that can feed a crowd and have them licking the plate clean. Please post a comment if you improve upon it in some way, and let me know what ingredients you changed. Happy cooking!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
