URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62488462/my-swiss-steak-with-onion-gravy/
Title:
My Swiss Steak with Onion Gravy Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/824469.jpg
Ingredients:
1	1 ½ -3 pound chuck or round steak (or any small flat cut piece of beef about 1 ½  to 3 inches thick)
2	cups water
1 ½	teaspoons garlic powder
½	teaspoons onion powder
Salt and pepper to taste (be careful with the salt as the beef base and broth are salty)
1	large onion peeled, halved and sliced
2	large cloves garlic, minced (if you are not a garlic nut cut it back to one med, to small clove)
2	to 5 tablespoons Kitchen Bouquet, divided
1	to 2 cans beef broth
1	teaspoon beef base
4	tablespoons cornstarch
1/8 	to ¼ cup water

Directions:
1.	Preheat an electric skillet, sauté pan, and or a crock pot (if cooking this in a crock pot preheat an additional sauté pan to brown the meat).   Pour about a tablespoon or so of the kitchen bouquet onto the top side of the beef rub it all over and around the edges.  It’s okay if you have extra it won’t hurt it will help the flavor of your gravy.  Season with, half of the garlic powder, onion powder, salt and pepper.
2.	In the preheated pan add 1-2 tablespoons olive oil.  Place the beef seasoned side down in the pan over medium high heat.  Now repeat the seasoning steps as you did on the first side of the beef.  When the beef is seared and browned on the first side, pick up the meat add a little more olive oil and turn over the meat and sear the other side.  When it is browned.  Turn the heat down (if using the sauté pan or electric skillet), otherwise transfer to the crock pot and set on low heat setting.
3.	Add the onion, garlic, beef broth or water and season with pepper, garlic powder, and onion powder.  Cover and let simmer over low heat for 4 to 6 hours (in the crock pot), and about 1 ½ to 3 hours in the electric skillet or sauté pan, or until meat is Very Tender.

Submitter: 
Semigourmet
Description: 
very Hearty dinner very inexpensive and very versatile
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
1 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
