URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62484713/turkey-cutlets-with-tomato-horseradish-sauce/
Title:
Turkey Cutlets with Tomato Horseradish Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1024374.jpg
Ingredients:
1/3	cup flour
½	teaspoon black pepper
1	egg white
4	turkey cutlets (about 1 pound total)
2	tablespoons butter
2	tablespoons olive oil
3	cloves garlic,
1	medium onion
2	ribs celery
1	medium green bell pepper
1	cup canned whole tomatoes, with their juice
3	tablespoons drained prepared horseradish
¾	teaspoon basil
½	sugar
½	teaspoon salt
1 	pinch cayenne pepper

Directions:
1.	In a shallow bowl, combine the flour and black pepper.  In another shallow bowl, lightly beat the egg white.
2.	Dip the turkey cutlets in the egg white, then lightly dredge them in the seasoned flour.  Reserve any excess flour mixture.
3.	In a large skillet, warm 1 tablespoon of the butter in 1 tablespoon of the oil over medium high heat until the butter is melted.  Add the turkey and cook until golden on both sides, about 6 minutes.  Remove the turkey to a plate and cover loosely to keep warm.
4.	Meanwhile, in a food processor, mince the garlic.  Add the onion and coarsely chop; remove and set aside.  In the same work bowl, coarsely chop the celery and bell pepper together; remove and set aside.
5.	Add the remaining 1 tablespoon oil to the skillet.  Add the garlic onion mixture and stir fry until the onion begins to brown, about 5 minutes.
6.	Add the remaining 1 tablespoon butter and 1 tablespoon of the reserved dredging mixture (discard remainder).  Cook, stirring, until flour is no longer visible, about 30 seconds.  Add the celery bell pepper mixture, the tomatoes, horseradish, basil, sugar, salt and cayenne, and bring to a boil.  Reduce the heat to medium and simmer uncovered, stirring frequently, for 5 minutes.
7.	Return the sauce to a boil over medium high heat.  Add the turkey cutlets (and any juices that have accumulated on the plate)  to the skillet and cook until the turkey is heated through, about 2 minutes.

Submitter: 
Semigourmet
Description: 
Fresh Light, zesty not hot and spicy as you would think.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
