URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62494060/sourthern-crab-cakes/
Title:
Sourthern Crab Cakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
1/2 small onion, finally chopped
salt and pepper
2 heaping tablespoons grainy mustard
1 tablespoon hot sauce (eyeball it)
3/4 cup chicken stock (eyball it)
1/4 cup heavy cream or half-and-half
7 slices white sandwich bread
1/2 cup mayonnnaise (a couple of heaping tablespoons)
4 scallions, finally chopped
1/4 cup flat leaf parsley, chopped
1 small red bell pepper, finally chopped
1 pound fresh lump crab meat (canned from supermarket)
2 tablespoons butter

Directions:
Pre-heat a small saucepot over medium-high heat. ann the onion and season with salt and pepper. Cook tehm, stirring fequently, for about 3-4 minutes.  Add the grainy mustard, hot sauce, chicken stock and cream.
Bring it up to a summer and cook until, thick, about 2-3 minutes.  Turn the sauce off and reheat it when ready to serve.
Place the bread in the food processor and use the pulsse button to break it up, then let it rip and make fine bread crumbs.
In a bowl, combine the mayonnaise, scallions, parsley, red bell pepper, salt and freshly ground black pepper. Make sure to remove any shells or cartilage from the crab meat,but don't break up the meat too much as you do so. Add the cleaned crab meat to the mayonaisse mixture,  Add a quarter of the fresh breadcrumbs and gently fold until combined.  Place the remaining breadcrumbs on a plate and divide the crab mixture into four equal portions.
Transfer the four crab portions to the plate with the breadcrumbs.  Coat each one in the breadcrumbs, gently pressing the breadcrumbs and forming 1-1 1/2 inch thick cakes.
Pre-heat a medium size nonstick skillet over medium heat.  Add virgin olive oil (just enough to coat the pan).  Add crab cakes and brown and cook them for about four minutes on each side or until golden brown.

Submitter: 
Here's To Good Friends
Description: 
Rachel Ray's Crab Cakes
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
