URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62490066/italian-broccoli-with-caramelized-onions-balsamic-glaze/
Title:
Italian Broccoli with Caramelized Onions & Balsamic Glaze Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/491743.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups broccoli florets- stems cut off (i prefer fresh)
1/2 small white onion- sliced into thin rainbows
4 cloves garlic- crushed and minced
3 tbsp fresh basil- about 4-5 leaves rolled up and cut into ribbons (try to use fresh, tastes much better!)
1 tbsp red crushed pepper (or to taste if you can’t handle a little heat!)
1 tsp salt
coarse black pepper- 5 grinds
4-5 tbsp parmigiana cheese- try to use a good brand!
drizzle of balsamic glaze- i used store bought, but its easy to make at home too!
PAM- olive oil flavored
2 tbsp olive oil
1 large bowl of cold water (for boiling)
1 large bowl of cold water with ice (for blanching)

Directions:
1. Bring a large bowl of cold water to a boil, sprinkle with salt and add the broccoli. After about 3-4 minutes (or until broccoli is slightly tender) remove from hot water and place into the bowl of ice water. Set aside.
2. While the broccoli is boiling set skillet over medium low heat. Spray with PAM and add olive oil. Add onions and saute for 1 minutes. Add minced garlic and set over low heat. Add salt, pepper and red crushed pepper. Cook until onions are soft and brown (caramelized).
3. . Add the broccoli to the pan making sure to not add excess water. Set over medium heat. Saute until florets are even coated with onions and garlic. Saute for about 5 minutes.
4. Add 3 tbsp of cheese and 2 tbsp of basil. Combine everything together and cook for another 2 minutes.
5. Drizzle serving platter with balsamic glaze in a pretty design. Place the hot broccoli nicely on the dish and top with remaining cheese and basil. Eat!

Submitter: 
chefpriyanka
Description: 
Chinese broccoli in garlic sauce isn’t the only way to eat broccoli these days! I feel that broccoli doesn’t get enough credit. It can be made into so many things- soups, gratins, grilled and sauteed! Not to mention broccoli can be used in essentially every type of cuisine! Since I had a lot of broccoli at home, I didn’t want it to spoil, so I whipped up some Italian broccoli with sweet caramelized onions, fresh ribbons of basil finished with a sweet and tangy balsamic glaze. Its like an explosion of tastes in your mouth!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
