URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62498821/smashed-burgers-with-au-poivre-mushrooms-onions-on-kaiser-rolls/
Title:
Smashed Burgers With Au poivre Mushrooms & Onions on Kaiser Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/497848.jpg
Ingredients:
1 Lb Ground Chuck
1 Lb Ground Sirloin
1 Lb Ground Pork
2 1/2 Medium Onions Divided
4 Cloves Minced Garlic Divided
1 Lb Sliced Button Mushrooms or any kind
1/2 Bunch Parsley
6 Kaiser Rolls
Extra virgin Olive Oil
Sweet Butter
Cognac
Heavy Cream
Salt
Course Fresh Ground Black Pepper
Sliced American Cheese
Mayo
Ketchup
Hobanaro pepper Diced or any Pepper of Choice  Optional

Directions:
In a large bowl combine the meat of choice and set aside.In a food processor or mini chopper combine 1/2 onion, 1/2 of the garlic and the parsley and chop fine. Mix with the meat and make 6 large wide burger patties thin in the middle to prevent burger bulge and set aside.
Take your sliced mushrooms and saute then with some oil and butter on medium high until slightly browned.While the mushrooms are frying.Take the other 2 onions and slice then thinly and when the mushrooms start to soften add the sliced onions to the pan after the onions are slightly browned add the other 1/2 of garlic salt and about 1 tablespoon of cracked black pepper.After the mushrooms and onions are completely fried taste and adjust with salt and pepper.The flavor should be slightly heavy of pepper but not overpowering.Now add 1 or two ounces of cognac and ignite. (you might want to remove the pan from the flame when adding the cognac.)Continuously stir until all the alcohol burns off reduce the flame to low. Now add a splash of heavy cream about 1/2 of the amount of cognac you used. Keep mixing bring back to a simmer then remove and put into a bowl preferably one you can keep in the oven on warm.
Now raise the flame to medium high and fry the burgers in the same pan add the cheese near the end if you want and then set aside. Now take a little butter put it in the pan. Take a sliced kaiser roll and put a burger in and put it into the melted butter in the pan. Take another heavy pot and put it on top of the kaiser roll in the pan and press down firmly.Wait a minute or two with the pot on top of the burger depending how crispy you want your roll turn over and repeat.
Serve putting on the mushrooms & onions mayo ketchup and hot peppers your choice of condiments are your option of course.

Submitter: 
Buon Appetito
Description: 
The idea came to me from the conflict at my family dinner table. My wife loves having her burgers on hefty rolls.I and my sons like plain burger rolls.The reason the children and I don't like a hefty burger roll is it's just to much bread and the condiments get lost and soaked up in the roll.I came up with the perfect solution of smashing the hefty rolls with the burgers in them.I did this without telling anyone and not only was my wife crazed but my two sons as well.Of course you can use any type of burger with this idea so my recipe on the burger and the condiments is insignificant.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m1n
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
