URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62490143/pumpkin-cheesecake/
Title:
Pumpkin Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/491789.jpg
Ingredients:
3 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese, softened
1/2 cup white sugar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 eggs
1/2 cup sour cream
1 (9 inch) prepared graham cracker crust
1 cup pumpkin puree
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg
Caramel Sauce:
1 cup Sugar
6 Tablespoons Butter
1/2 cup Heavy Cream

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
In a large bowl, combine cream cheese, sugar and vanilla. Beat until smooth.
Blend in eggs one at a time, mixing well, then fold in sour cream.
Remove 1.5 cups of batter and spread into bottom of crust; set aside.
Add pumpkin, cinnamon, cloves and nutmeg to the remaining batter, stir well and then spread over batter in crust with care.
Put baking dish into a larger pan and pour water into outer pan until just under the rim of the pie (making a water bath for the pie).
Bake in preheated oven in water bath for 1hr, then turn off oven, prop open the oven door and let sit for 1 additional hour. Allow to cool, then refrigerate until ready to serve.
While pie is in oven, make caramel sauce (make sure the sugar, butter, and cream are measured out and nearby when you begin!)
Whisk 1 cup of sugar in a saucepan over medium-high heat until sugar dissolves. When sugar begins to boil, stop whisking and just swirl the pan.
As soon as the sugar turns a light amber color, add the butter and swirl until melted.
Immediately remove the pan from the heat, count to 3, then slowly pour in the cream, swirling to mix. Then whisk until mixture is smooth. (You may need to strain the sauce if you get some crunchy spots... it happens sometimes, but the sauce is still good.)
Pour caramel sauce into a glass bowl or jar and let cool. Serve drizzled over slices of the cheesecake.

Submitter: 
MAYAESR
Description: 
A delicious holiday alternative to regular old pumpkin pie - especially for cheesecake-lovers like my family!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2.5 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
