URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62490921/tracis-oven-pastrami/
Title:
Traci's Oven Pastrami Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/496322.jpg
Ingredients:
1 3 1/2 - 4lb corned beef with spice packet (flat brisket with even thickness)
2 teaspoons liquid smoke
Spice Rub (makes enough for two briskets)
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1/2 teaspoon dry mustard
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon onion powder
1 teaspoon crushed corriander seeds
1 teaspoon cracked black peppercorns
(I grind a tsp. of whole corriander and black pepercorns together in my pepper grinder for this recipe.)
2 tablespoons paprika

Directions:
Mix the dry spices to make your rub and set aside.  Preheat oven to 275 degrees.
Open the package of corned beef and throw away the spice packet since you wont need it in this recipe.  Wash beef under cold running water for a few minutes to remove salty brine; you may soak it in some water to remove additional salt if desired.
Dry the beef and trim the fat leaving a thin layer for flavor.  Place it on a large piece of foil that has been sprayed with cooking spray and brush each side of the meat with about a teaspoon of liquid smoke.
Season liberally with the spice rub and wrap up tightly in the foil; wrap again in foil 5 more times (cooking spray not necessary) each time placing the seam side down on a piece of foil.  Place the foil package on a baking sheet with the seam side up to keep most of the juices in; some may still leak through.
Bake in the oven for 5 hours then let it rest on the counter for 15 minutes or longer.  Slice your pastrami thin for sandwiches.

Submitter: 
Traci-in-Cali
Description: 
This pastrami can be easily made in your oven by slow cooking corned beef with spices and liquid smoke, this gives it smokey flavor without actually smoking it. Not your deli's pastrami but pretty darn good. We like it in sandwiches; mine with coleslaw, hubby's with sauerkraut and the kids with just mustard.  Anyway you eat it it's delicious!...
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
