URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62494974/fried-rice/
Title:
Fried Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1703363.jpg
Ingredients:
1       to 2 tablespoons butter
2	cups cooked white rice (1 to 2 days old) (rice measurement is taken after it has been cooked).
1-2	eggs beaten
2	tablespoons milk, for each egg
1/4     cup water, more as needed to steam veggies.
½	cup yellow onion halved set on its end sliced into ¼ inch slices
½ 	cup coarsely shredded green cabbage
¼	cup thinly sliced celery
1/4	cup frozen peas & carrots, frozen peas and shredded fresh carrots.  (If using fresh shredded carrots add them with the cabbage.)
1	clove garlic, minced
¼	cup broccoli florets, cut into small pieces
½	to ¾ cup diced cooked meat, such as, diced ham, bacon crumbled, chicken diced, or chopped shrimp (or omit if you want vegetable fried rice)
¼	cup bean sprouts, coarsely chopped
¼	to ½ cup soy sauce, to taste

Directions:
Heat wok over medium high heat, when hot add water; (adding more as needed to keep pan from drying out, throughout the cooking process for the veggies.) the onion; cook for 2 to 3 minutes.  Add the broccoli, and cabbage, and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes, frozen peas and carrots, and garlic.  Cook for another 2 to 3 minutes, until the vegetables are to the doneness.  Remove from the wok and set aside.  Add the oil to the wok and let it heat for a couple of seconds.  Add the rice and stir.  If it starts sticking add more oil as needed.  When rice looks like it has re-hydrated and is getting soft then start drizzling the soy sauce over the rice to color it; remove rice from pan. Add the egg to wok or skillet and cook stirring until the egg is done.  Add the vegetables and rice back to the wok and cook stirring until everything is heated through.

Submitter: 
Semigourmet
Description: 
This came about because I love fried rice and wanted to make it at home.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
