URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62494777/pizza-bombas/
Title:
Pizza bomba's Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/494725.jpg
Ingredients:
For the dough you need
2 tsp dried yeast
2 tsp sugar
1 cup warm water- just over warm but not boiling
2 cups self rising flour
For the bomba filling you need:
fresh mozzarella
pasta sauce
cherry tomatoes sliced in half
basil
s/p

Directions:
First you need to make the dough, you can use store bought dough but fresh tastes much better. Add the sugar and yeast to the water and set aside for 7 minutes then add the flour and mix until it makes a dough, you can then add things like garlic fresh or powder, basil, paprika, oregano etc to the dough
mixture if you like. (It adds a nice flavor.) Dust your counter top with flour and knead the dough for a few minutes then break it into lime sized balls'
Take each ball and roll it into a circle about 6 inches round, put the dough circle into a cupped palm and add 1 tbsp of pasta sauce, a sprinkle of basil and s/p, half a cherry tomato and a chunk of mozzarella. Then carefully bring the sides up and pinch well to seal. You don't want them opening up on you when they are cooking. A deep fat fryer works best for this but you can also use a deep sided pan with enough oil in it to cover the bomba's (they will be about the size of a lemon when filled) put each one carefully into the hot oil and fry for about 5 minutes until they go a nice golden brown color. Serve in a bowl lined with a little of the pasta sauce and top with a sprinkle of fresh grated parmigiana cheese and s/p..

Submitter: 
hwiggins
Description: 
In Italian bomba means little bomb and that is exactly what these are little pizza bombs. The outside of the dough goes nice and crunchy and the middle fluffs up and stays soft while you have a pocket of googy goodness in the center.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
45
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
