URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62495804/bi-bim-bap/
Title:
Bi Bim Bap Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/495510.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups uncooked sticky rice (Japanese or Korean short grain rice)
1 lb lean ground beef or 4 boneless skinless chicken thighs
2 cups carrots, shredded
1 (15 1/4 ounce) can corn kernels, drained
16 ounces frozen spinach, defrosted (1 package)
2 zucchini, sliced into strips
5 eggs
1/2 cup light soy sauce
2 tablespoons granulated sugar
1 tablespoon brown sugar
1/8 cup garlic, chopped
sesame oil, for frying
salt and pepper
4 tablespoons hot pepper paste (gochujang)
1 tablespoon granulated sugar (for gochujang)
1 tablespoon sesame seed (for gochujang) (optional)

Directions:
Cook the rice as directed on package. (usually about 1.25-1.5 cups of water per cup of rice, bring to a boil, then simmer covered for 25 minutes).
Combine granulated sugar and brown sugar. Add soy sauce and half of the garlic, stir with a spoon. Add ground beef, mix well, and set aside. (or chop chicken into bite size pieces, add to marinade, mix well).
Quickly stirfry the corn kernels dry or in vegetable oil with a pinch of salt, set aside.
Stir fry carrots with a teaspoon of sugar until soft. Set aside.
Stir fry zucchini in sesame oil, add salt and pepper to taste. Set aside.
Stir fry spinach in sesame oil with the remaining garlic, add salt and pepper to taste. Set aside.
Cook the eggs over easy or sunnyside up, but leave the yolk a little runny.
Stir fry ground beef until cooked through. Remove from pan and set aside. (for chicken, stirfry chicken, remove from pan, then thicken marinade in the pan).
Mix the gochujang, sugar, and sesame seeds.
Divide and arrange the vegetables neatly over the 5 bowls of rice, add ground beef, and place the egg on top.
Mix together and enjoy!

Submitter: 
Ret_Vets
Description: 
Good Korean Recipe
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
