URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62495332/chicken-pot-pie/
Title:
Chicken Pot Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2-3 chicken pieces, bone-in, about 1 lb. (I like doing a breast and a thigh)
Bay leaf, paprika, thyme, lemon juice, garlic (seasonings to roast chicken)
3 stalks celery, 2 roughly chopped, one sliced to 1/4" pieces
3 large carrots, peeled and sliced to 1/4" rounds
1 Red onion, sliced roughly, 2 tbsp finely chopped,
2-3 small potatoes, peeled and chopped to 1/2" pieces
1 Cup frozen peas and corn
2 Tbsp finely chopped onion (I like red)
4-6 Tbsp Butter
6 Tbsp flour, 1 tsp pepper
Chicken broth from roasting chicken pieces plus water to equal 2 cups
1 cup milk
1/4 Cup white cooking wine
1 Pillsbury prepared crust, warmed to room temp

Directions:
To cook the chicken: Place chicken breast in a covered 2 quart casserole dish.  Put the 1 stalk of celery, onion slices, lemon juice, garlic cloves, and seasonings on top of the chicken.  Pour 2 cups of water over, cover and bake for 1/2 hour on 375, or until chicken is done.  (while that is roasting I chop the rest of the vegies)
Remove cooked chicken from juices.  Strain and reserve juices, discarding cooked vegetables.  Remove meat from chicken and discard skin and bone.
Put chicken, chopped carrots, potatoes, celery, corn and peas back into the casserole dish you baked the chicken in.
To make sauce: saute the onions in 1 tbsp butter until soft.  Add remaining butter and some of the grease skimmings from the roasted pan juices to equal 6 tbsp butter and grease.  Add the flour and pepper all at once, and stir until a caramel color rue forms.  Slowly add the rest of the chicken broth (all the extra fat removed), whisking the whole time.  Cook to thick, then add the milk and wine.  Cook until steaming, then pour it over the vegies and chicken.
Top mixture with rolled-out crust.  Cut slits in top.  Bake at 375 for 1 hour.

Submitter: 
Pam Morin
Description: 
Though this seems like it takes a long time, it's really easy.  Mom's recipe.  I don't add any salt, so it's a much lower sodium version than what you buy in the freezer case.  It's probably a little lighter on the fat, but not by much.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1
Ready in:
2
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
