URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62496705/pinon-de-amarillos-sweet-plantain-beef-pie/
Title:
Piñon de Amarillos – Sweet Plantain Beef Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/496206.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 pounds ground beef, turkey or pork
1 large onion, diced
3 garlic cloves, crushed
1/4 cup diced red bell pepper
1/4 cup diced green bell pepper
1/4 cup of alcaparrado (spanish style olive, red pimento and caper salad), chopped
1/4 cup of sofrito
2 bay leaves
1 tablespoon of italian seasoning
1/2 tespoon of paprika
1/4 tsp. of cayenne pepper
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 packet of sazon
2 tablespoons of tomato paste
1 tablespoons cider vinegar
1 tablespoon of honey or brown sugar
1/4 cup of sherry or marsala wine
10 semi-ripe plantains (yellow with some spots)
1/2 cup of corn or canola oil
6-7 eggs
1/4 cup of milk or water
1 1/2 cups of shredded cheese (cheddar, monterrey jack or mixture)

Directions:
Heat a large skillet over medium high heat, add meat and cook, stirring and breaking up clumps, Cook until no longer pink about 5 minutes. Drain fat if desired.
Add onion, garlic, diced red and green bell peppers, sofrito, alcaparrado, bay leaves and italian seasoning. Cook for two minutes or until veggies begin to soften.
Add seasonings, sugar, tomato paste, cider, honey and wine. Cook until vegetables are softened, meat is browned. Sauce is done when it has come together and most liquid has evaporated, about 30 minutes.
Transfer filling to a bowl to cool and set aside while you prepare the plantains. Peel plantains and cut in half vertically and horizontally. Cut into 1/4 inch slices by cutting each half in half again. You will get 8 slices per plantain. Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
In a large skillet heat 1/4 cup of the oil over medium high heat and saute plantains in batches until golden. Use more oil as necessary. Transfer cooked plantains to paper towels to drain.
In a small bowl, whisk eggs and milk until blended, set aside.
To assemble pinon layer bottom and sides of  9X13X3 lasagna pan with 1/3 of the plantains. Spread half of the beef filling over the plantains and sprinkle with 1/2 cup o cheese. Top with half of the remaining plantains and then spread remaining beef filling, topping with another 1/2 cup of cheese, and ending with remaining plantains. Pour egg mixture over top of pie, tilting to distribute evenly.
Cover baking dish with aluminum foil and bake in middle of oven until hot throughout and bubbly around edges, about 1 hour. Remove foil and cover with remaining cheese. Return to oven for two minutes until cheese is melted. Cool for 15 minutes before cutting and serving pie.

Submitter: 
MKCortes (Latin Goddess)
Description: 
Piñon is a latin dish with origins in the hispanic caribbean. It is a cross between a lasagna and a shepard's pie and is absolutely delicious!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
2 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
