URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62494783/hearty-steak-chilli/
Title:
Hearty steak chilli Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/494729.jpg
Ingredients:
2 lb rump or chuck roast/beef joint
1 package of ground beef at least 1.5 lbs/500g
6 large tomatoes roughly chopped
1 large or 2 small bell peppers roughly chopped
1 large or 2 small onions roughly chopped
6-8 cloves of garlic peeled and grated
1/2 a bag of dried kidney beans (soaked overnight)
OR 2 cans kidney beans drained and rinsed
2-3 fresh chillies finely chopped-leave them whole if you don't like a lot of heat
1 can tomato paste
2 tsp paprika
2 tbsp chilli powder
mustard powder
salt and pepper
thyme-just a pinch
beef stock preferably granules but if cubes then dissolve in a little water as possible as the veggies make a lot of juice as they cook down.
Optional but adds really nice flavor 3-4 chipotle peppers rough chopped. A small can of chipotle peppers is fine if you can't get them fresh.

Directions:
Put all of the chopped veggies and the chilli peppers into a crockpot, add beans and stir well then put the beef joint directly on top of the veggies, cover with the lid and leave on high for at least 5 hours. When you come back to the pot the veggies will have cooked down leaving lots of juice and the beef should be nice and tender, At this point pull the beef out and shred it leaving it at the side for now. Cook the ground beef adding the spices to your liking and the can of tomato paste stir well and add this to the pot then return the shredded beef to the pot stir well and leave on high for a further 2-3 hours. Serve on a bed of rice with fresh cornbread.
If you don’t like really spicy chilli then leave the peppers whole, some of the flavour from the peppers will cook into the chilli but it won’t make it too hot. I normally leave one whole and chop the other two. Also if you use the chipotle peppers add them at the start of cooking with the rest of the vegetables.

Submitter: 
hwiggins
Description: 
This is a recipe my husband and I have changed and changed again adding things and taking others out but we finally got it just the way we like it. It makes a nice thick chilli full of flavor and all fresh ingredients. It is best in a crockpot/slow cooker as you can leave it to stew down all day but a heavy soup pot will work just fine too. It is a perfect one to put on in the morning when you leave for work.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
4
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
