URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62490401/jans-good-n-crusty-bread/
Title:
Jan's Good-N-Crusty Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/492041.jpg
Ingredients:
4 - 5 cups bread flour
1 tablespoon white sugar
12 ounce can of warm beer
1 1/2 teaspoons sea salt
2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
2 tablespoons vital wheat gluten
1 tablespoon instant yeast
3 tbsp cornmeal

Directions:
Place all ingredients (not the cornmeal) in the bread machine as directed by the manufacturer.  Start with 4 cups of flour for now.
Choose dough cycle.  Once dough begins to mix you may decide to add more flour.  Add 1/4 cup at a time until dough pulls together and away from the sides of the pan.  You might not need to add all 5 cups.  You have added enough flour when the dough forms a ball but still moves freely.
When cycle is finished remove dough to a lightly oiled surface.
Knead dough for 3 minutes.  Divide dough into 2 equal portions then let rest for 5 minutes.
Shape into loaves.
Place loaves on parchment lined baking sheets sprinkled with cornmeal.
Cover and let rise 30 minutes or until doubled.
Slice top with a sharp knife using a quick motion as not to tear the dough but make a clean cut about 1/2 inch deep.
Place in a 400 degree preheated oven.
Bake for 30 - 40 minutes or until the loaves are a deep golden brown and have reached an internal temperature of about 200 degrees. (don't be afraid to let the loaves brown well!  Turn the pan if needed to evenly bake but let them get a rich, dark, golden color.  The interior will remain moist and delicious.  Once cooled the loaves will soften a bit.)
Remove to a wire rack to cool completely before slicing.
Loaves freeze exceptionally well.

Submitter: 
What's for dinner, mom?
Description: 
Crusty outside with a creamy crumb and a hearty chew.  Perfect for garlic bread, dipping in spicy olive oil or slathered with butter.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
