URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62493542/fry-bread-tacos-with-spicy-shredded-beef/
Title:
Fry bread tacos with spicy shredded beef Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/494015.jpg
Ingredients:
SHREDDED BEEF
1 lb chuck roast cut into cubes
1 small onion finely chopped
3 cloves garlic peeled and grated
3 tbsp red wine vinegar
2 tbsp chilli powder
2 tsp ground cumin
1 cup beef broth
salt and pepper to taste
FRY BREAD
2 cups all purpose flour
1 tbsp baking powder
1 tsp salt
1 cup milk
PINTO BEANS
1 can pinto beans drained and rinsed
1/4 cup olive oil
1 tbsp chilli powder
1 tsp ground cumin
1 tsp garlic powder
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
SPICY SHREDDED BEEF
Mix all ingredients in a slow cooker/crock pot add beef and stir to coat, cover and cook on high for 4 hours, Remove beef from pot shred and return to slow cooker for another hour. Drain excess juice and serve on top of fry bread. Can also be used for burritos, chimichangas and quesadillas.
FRY BREAD
Mix dry ingredients together then add milk and mix until dough forms, knead on floured surface for 5 minutes then leave to rest for 5 minutes. Heat oil in deep fryer or pan(with at least 1 1/2" of oil)to 180 degrees Celsius. Divide dough into 4 equal sections and roll into disc shapes 1/4 inch thick. Poke a hole into the center with your finger and fry until golden brown turning once.
PINTO BEANS
In a sauce pan heat 1/4 oil add the beans and seasoning's, stir and mash until heated through, about 5 minutes.
TO SERVE
Top fry bread with bean mixture shredded beef, shredded cheese, lettuce,salsa and sour cream.

Submitter: 
hwiggins
Description: 
A delicious take on the traditional taco. A light fluffy fried bread complete with fresh refried beans, shredded spicy beef and toppings of your choice. Most of the cooking time is using the slow cooker/crock pot, it only takes 30 minutes from frying the bread to serving this wonderful meal.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
4.5 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
