URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62495800/apple-pecan-crepes/
Title:
Apple Pecan Crepes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/495507.jpg
Ingredients:
For crepes:
2 1/2 Cups all-purpose flour
1 Tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon sugar
1 pinch of salt
a few drops of vanilla extract
3 eggs, beaten
1 1/2 Cups milk
2/3 Cups water
3 Tablespoons melted butter
1 shot of rum, Cognac, Calvados or Grand Marnier (optional, according to taste)
Sugar for sprinkling
For apple pecan filling or topping:
2 apples, peeled, cored & thinly sliced (I used Honeycrisp)
3/4 Cup pecans
2 Tablespoons butter

Directions:
Use the same bowl for dry and wet ingredients, incorporating in order. Use hand mixer on low speed to mix thoroughly. Do not over mix.
Larouse Gastronomique recommends leaving the batter to rest for 2 hours. Who has time for that? I left my batter to rest for about 30 minutes while I prepared the apples & pecans. (Resting the batter allows air to escape and will create thinner crepes.) Batter should be pourable. You can add up to 1/4 Cup additional water to the batter to thin it out just before making the crepes, if you wish.)
While batter is resting, prepare apples and pecans. Melt butter in skillet on med-high. Add apples and pecans to butter and heat until apples are soft and slightly browned and pecans are aromatic. Turn heat to low.
Heat skillet with oil or butter to med-high. Pour 1/4 cup crepe batter into pan, sprinkle lightly with sugar, flip once cooked side is lightly browned.
Put apple pecan mixture in center of finished crepe and roll. Serve 2 rolled crepes, drizzle with maple syrup and spritz with whipped cream, if desired.
So good and only takes about 15 minutes longer than regular pancakes.

Submitter: 
TraciAK
Description: 
I used the Larouse Gastronomique sweet crepes recipe as my guide. This is a very yummy alternative to pancakes and super easy.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
