URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62491352/beef-galbi/
Title:
Beef Galbi Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/492632.jpg
Ingredients:
•2.5 lb. Beef Ribs (10 Pieces)
•1 Asian Pear (10 oz)
•½ Onion
•½ Cup Soup Soy Sauce
•2 Tbsp Cooking Wine
•1½ Tbsp Minced Garlic
•1 tsp Minced Ginger
•1½ Tbsp Sugar
•1 to 1½ Tbsp Honey
•1 Tbsp Sesame Oil
•¼ tsp Black Pepper
•3 Tbsp Finely Chopped Green Onions

Directions:
Soak 2.5 lb of beef ribs in water for about 2 or 3 hours to get rid of the blood.
Change the water every one hour when it gets bloody like the picture. 2 or 3 hours later, rinse the ribs and drain the water.
Cut 1 Asian pear and ½ of an onion.
Grind the pear and onion together in a mixer.
Pour the pear and onion mixture into the beef ribs.
Mix well and set it aside for an hour. This will help to get rid of the bad meat flavor and make it sweet and tender.
In a bowl, combine ½ cup of soy sauce, 2 Tbsp of cooking wine, 1½ Tbsp of minced garlic, 1 tsp of minced ginger, 1½ Tbsp of sugar, 1 to 1½ Tbsp Honey, 1 Tbsp of sesame oil, ¼ tsp of black pepper, and 3 Tbsp of finely chopped green onions. Mix well until the sugar and honey dissolves.
1 hour later, pour the sauce mixture on the beef ribs and mix well.
Cover it with plastic wrap and marinate it for a day in the refrigerator. Flip over all the ribs once or twice while it’s marinating.
The next day, grill some pieces of marinated beef ribs with some extra sauce on a heated pan or grill.
Cook them until the ribs are well done.

Submitter: 
JFKR
Description: 
In Korea, we love to grill (or fry) and eat marinated meat (beef, pork, or chicken). There are 2 main flavors for marinated meat. One is a spicy, which uses mainly red pepper paste. The other one is sweet & salty, which uses mainly soy sauce and pear (honey, sugar, apple, kiwi and so on) for the sauce
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
45
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
