URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62505246/key-west-pink-shrimp-and-florida-spiny-lobster-tails-served-with-hot-key-lime-butter/
Title:
Key West Pink Shrimp and Florida Spiny Lobster Tails served with Hot Key Lime Butter Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/502745.jpg
Ingredients:
8 tablespoons (1 stick) butter plus 2 tablespoons
1 tablespoon of your Favorite Hot Sauce
1 ½ tablespoon Key Lime Juice
½ tablespoon minced garlic
2 pounds medium Key West Pink Shrimp (21-25 count), peeled and deveined
1 ½ pounds of spiny lobster tails (about 4 small tails) removed from the shells removed from the shells and coarsely chopped.
1 pound fresh mushrooms, sliced
¼ cup of white wine
6 cups of pasta or rice.

Directions:
Prepare the Sauce early in the day: Place 8 tablespoons butter in a small bowl and allow it to soften at room temperature. Add hot sauce and lime juice; stir to mix well. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate this until needed.
Melt 2 tablespoons plain butter in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add Key West Pink Shrimp and Florida Lobsters and sauté, stirring frequently, until shrimp just turns pink, about 2 to 3 minutes. Do not overcook. Reduce heat to medium. Add mushrooms, scallions, and wine. Sauté, stirring frequently, until tender, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat. Add key lime hot sauce butter and stir until the butter melts and is well blended with seafood. Serve with hot pasta or rice.

Submitter: 
RyanVF
Description: 
About 80% of vacationers ask me how I cook seafood now compared to when I lived in Minneapolis, MN. 

I tell them, not much has changed except that I am a much happier cook. Mainly, because I following my 8 simple rules for Florida Keys cooking:

1. Keep it simple

2. Do not be afraid to screw up.

3. Take a risk.

4. Ask for help. 

5. Don’t be in a hurry.

6. Be yourself. 

7. Have a back up plan.

8. Relax

This recipe is sure to be a hit around your dinner table this holiday season!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
10 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
