URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62503386/bacon-explosion/
Title:
Bacon Explosion Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/501316.jpg
Ingredients:
2 pounds bacon, thick sliced
2 pounds sausage (italian, breakfast, sage. Whichever you prefer)
1 cup cheddar cheese (finely shredded)
2 whole green onions (thinly sliced)
4 cloves garlic (minced)
1 jar barbecue rub (your favorite brand), as needed
1 bottle barbecue sauce (your favorite brand)

Directions:
1. Take 1 to 1 1/2 pounds of the bacon and do a basketweave/lattice of bacon like the picture shown. Sprinkle the weave with some of the barbecue rub. Cook the remaining bacon until crispy. Remove the bacon from the pan and reserve the cooked bacon for the filling.
2.    On a cutting board, roll out the sausage to the same size as the weave. I use a gallon ziploc bag and leave the top open a bit so the air can escape. It makes a perfect square that will fit on your bacon weave. Cut the plastic bag away from the sausage and discard the bag. Place the sausage square on top of the weave.
3.    Sprinkle the crumbled cooked bacon, the cheddar cheese, garlic and the green onions over the sausage. Pour some of the barbecue sauce on top of the filling and sprinkle with more of the rub.
4.    Roll up the sausage in the bacon weave into a tight roll.
5.    Place the roll in the smoker for approx. 2 hours (give or take, depends on your heat source) or until the internal temperature reads 165 degrees F. During the last 20 - 30 minutes, baste the roll with the remaining barbecue sauce.
6.    When the roll comes out of the smoker, let it rest for 30 minutes before slicing. Serve on freshly baked biscuits.

Submitter: 
Chef Ron
Description: 
This is my version of the Bacon Explosion. There are many versions on the web whether it's called a pork fatty, bacon bomb, etc.... No matter how you slice it, it's an insane barbecue flavor in an artery clogging roll. If you have a smoker, you have to try this one. Remember, moderation is the key when eating a bacon explosion. Enjoy.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
