URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62505338/stuffed-meatloaf/
Title:
Stuffed Meatloaf Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4557661.jpg
Ingredients:
1 ¼	cups leftover mashed potatoes
2	pounds ground beef
2	large eggs
¾	cup seasoned dried bread crumbs
¼	cup grated Parmesan cheese
1/8	cup ketchup
¼ -½ 	cup dried minced onion
2	tablespoons Worcestershire sauce or  A1 Steak Sauce
1	clove garlic, minced
1	cup of your choice of vegetable such as spinach, leftover cooked peas, leftover cooked carrots, etc.  Canned veggies work great too.
4	slices Swiss cheese
Gravy
1/4	cup butter
16 	ounces sliced mushrooms
¼	cup all purpose flour, or as needed
32	ounces beef broth
Salt and pepper to taste.

Directions:
1.	Warm leftover mashed potatoes so they are easier to spread.  Set aside.
2.	Preheat oven to 350 F.  In large bowl, mix ground beef, and all other ingredients until combined but not over mixed.
3.	On to long sheet of waxed paper (14” by 12”), pat meat mixture into 11” by 9” rectangle.  Lay slices of cheese over meat then, spread mashed potatoes over meat rectangle leaving a 1 inch border all around.  Place your favorite vegetable over potatoes; sprinkle with salt and pepper.
4.		Starting with the narrow end, roll up jelly roll fashion, lifting waxed paper and using long metal spatula to loosen meat from waxed paper.  Carefully place rolled Meat loaf, seam side down, in 13” by 9” glass or ceramic baking dish.
5.	Bake meat loaf 1 ¼ hours.  Let meat loaf stand 10 minutes before slicing.
6.      While meatloaf is baking the last 45 minutes of baking time start making the gravy.
Gravy
Heat butter over medium heat in a saucepan or skillet; stir in mushrooms, season with salt and pepper.  Simmer until liquid evaporates, about 20 minutes.
Stir in flour, cooking and stirring for about 5 minutes.  Add about 1 cup of the broth, stirring quickly to incorporate thoroughly, pour in remaining broth, and stir to incorporate the liquid; reduce heat to a medium low and simmer until thickened, about 20 to 30 minutes, stirring often.  Serve over meatloaf or on the side.

Submitter: 
Semigourmet
Description: 
Meatloaf stuffed with spinach, potatoes, swiss cheese and topped with basic ketchup topper.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
