URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62506941/professional-tailgaters-vegetable-beef-pork-chili/
Title:
Professional Tailgater's Vegetable, Beef & Pork Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/505658.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 LBS. Pork Shoulder (could substitute 1LB lean chopped pork meat)
1 1/2 LBS. Ground Beef (Lean, 93/7)
[Want more beef than pork, up to 2:1 Beef:Pork ratio]
2-3 TBLS. Bacon Fat
1/2 LB. Baby Carrots (Diced)
4-5 Celery Stalks (Diced)
2 Large Yellow Onions (Diced)
3 Large Green Bell Peppers (Diced)
1 Jalapeno (Fine Dice)
5-7 Garlic Cloves (Fine Dice)
2 16oz Cans Kidney Beans (Bush's reduced-sodium)
1 19.75oz Can Black Beans (La Costena)
1 28oz Can Crushed Tomatoes (No High Frutose Corn Syrup, Low/No Sodium)
1 14.5oz Can Diced Tomatoes (No HFCS, Low/No Sodium)
1 6oz Can Tomato Paste (Hunt's)
1 7oz Can Chipotle Peppers in Adobo Sauce (La Costena)
2 Packets Taco Seasoning (McCormick, 1.25oz each)
3 Bay Leaves
Chili Powder (Hot Mexican)
Cumin
Red Pepper Flakes
Salt & Pepper

Directions:
Cut the pork shoulder into 1 inch cubes, put into a slow cooker.  Cover with water and a few chipotle peppers and slow cook on low overnight (8 hours max) to render out fat.  Remove pork and finely shred meat, throw away chipotle peppers, and strain and chill remaining liquid (remove fat layer on top when chilled and save the liquid for the chili).
You can skip step 1 if substituting chopped pork meat, however, you will lose some flavor and will be adding more fat to the chili.
In a large pot, melt bacon fat and sauté carrots and green bell peppers 2-3 min.  Add celery and onions.  Sauté about 5 min. until onions are translucent.  Add garlic, jalapeno, and salt.   Sauté 1 more minute.  Remove vegetables into a bowl.
Add chopped beef (and pork if substituting) into pot (I use a potato masher to break up meat) and cook until brown.  Add the sautéed vegetables, and cans of beans, tomatoes and tomato paste.  Add taco seasonings, bay leaves, cumin (about 2tbls), black pepper and salt to taste.  Slow simmer uncovered for 20 minutes.  Taste and adjust favor according to taste by adding salt, red pepper flakes, chili powder, and adobo sauce (CAUTION: adobo sauce is very strong so use a little at a time).  Keep the desired consistency of the chili by adding the reserved pork drippings liquid, beef broth, or water as needed.  After simmering uncovered for about an hour total with all the ingredients, remove from heat and cover to keep the desired consistency of the chili.
Enjoy, it's game time!

Submitter: 
Pocket Gourmet
Description: 
Low-fat with tons of meaty flavor!  Perfect to make on game day and even better the day after.  Serve alone, with rice or tortilla chips.  I have made dozens of variations of chili and this is by far, the best!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h plus slow cooker
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
