URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62500491/mozzarellaprosciutto-potato-pie/
Title:
Mozzarella/Prosciutto Potato Pie. Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8 ounces fresh mozzarella, diced small
3 tablespoons olive oil
salt and pepper
2 lbs potatoes, peeled and cut into chunks, (about 10 potatoes)
7 tablespoons butter
1 / 2 cup homemade bread crumbs from Italian bread
1/ 4 cup grated parmesan cheese
1 /4 cup grated Romano cheese
1 /4 lb sliced prosciutto, or hard salami, diced small
2 large eggs
1 / 4 cup chopped fresh parsley

Directions:
1. Oven to 375 degrees.
2. Marinate the mozzarella cubes in a bowl with olive oil and salt and pepper.  Set aside to sit.
3. Put potatoes in a large pot, cover with cold water, sprinkle in a dash of salt and bring to a boil.  Cover partly, lower heat to medium and cook until tender (stab with fork to check if done).  ( About 15 to 25 minutes)
4. Grease an 8-inch spring form pan (cheesecake pan) with 1 tablespoon of butter.  Coat the bottom and sides of pan with your homemade bread crumbs from the Italian bread.  Leave some bread crumbs for topping later.
5. When potatoes are done, drain.  Rice potatoes into a bowl and beat in 4 tablespoons of butter.  Add the parmesan and Romano cheese, eggs, prosciutto, parsley and a little pepper to taste.  Mix well.
6. Put half of the potato mixture into bottom of pan working some of the potatoes up the sides to form a well.  Fill the well with your marinating mozzarella cubes.  Top with the remaining potatoes.  Pat down gently, sprinkle with the remaining bread crumbs and dot with the last 2 tablespoons of butter.
7. Bake until golden brown 40 to 55 minutes.  Let cool for about 15 minutes before removing sides of the spring form pan.  Serve warm sliced into pie wedges.

Submitter: 
James Speer
Description: 
Potato pie!Modified from: Mozzarella/Prosciutto Potato Pie
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
