URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62509439/old-fashioned-chocolate-cake/
Title:
Old Fashioned Chocolate Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Cake:
3 c flour
2 c sugar
1/2 c unsweetened cocoa powder
2 tsp baking soda
1 tsp salt
2 c hot water
3/4 c vegetable oil
2 Tbsp white vinegar
1 Tbsp instant coffee granules
1 Tbsp vanilla extract
Glossy Chocolate Icing:
1 stick butter
1 & 1/2 c sugar
1 & 1/4 c unsweetened cocoa powder
1 & 1/4 c heavy cream
1/4 c sour cream
1 tsp instant coffee granules
2 tsp vanilla extract

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350.  Spray 2 8" round cake pans with nonstick spray.
Whisk together flour, sugar, cocoa, baking soda, and salt in large bowl.
Combine water, oil, vinegar, instant coffee and vanilla in large measuring cup.  Stir to dissolve coffee.  Add to dry ingredients and whisk just until combines - a few lumps are ok.
Divide batter between pans, bake until toothpick comes out clean, 35-40 minutes.  Invert onto rack to cool.  Leave cakes upside down to cool, this will flatted domed tops.
Icing:
Melt butter in large saucepan.  Stir in sugar, cocoa, and pinch of salt (if using unsalted butter).  Mixture will be thick and grainy.
Combine heavy cream, sour cream and instant coffee in large measuring cup, mixing until smooth.  Gradually add cream mixture to chocolate until blended and smooth.  Cook until sugar has dissolved, and mixture is smooth and hot to the touch.  DO NOT BOIL.
Remove from heat and add vanilla.  Cool icing at room temp until spreadable or chill overnight to stiffen.

Submitter: 
chefmom
Description: 
I use this recipe for chocolate cupcakes. Fill cupcake liners about 2/3 full and bake 18-19 minutes.  One recipe makes 25-30 cupcakes. Icing is a thick ganache type.  Chill overnight to get thick enough to pipe onto cupcakes.  Will soften at room temp to spreading consistency.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
