URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62501603/healthy-green-bean-casserole-with-pumpkin-seed-crumble-eat-clean-for-thanksgiving/
Title:
Healthy Green Bean Casserole with Pumpkin Seed Crumble (Eat Clean for Thanksgiving!) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/502379.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon sea salt (for boiling water), plus more for seasoning
1 pound green beans, ends snapped and broken into bite-sized pieces
8 ounces baby portabella mushrooms, brushed clean and stems discarded
2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons extra virgin olive oil, divided
1 tablespoon minced garlic
White pepper, to taste
2 tablespoons white whole wheat flour (such as King Arthur brand)
1/2 cup organic grass-fed whole milk (such as Natural by Nature)
1/2 cup raw pumpkin seeds, plus more for garnish
1/4 cup whole wheat panko crumbs

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Lightly oil a 9 x 13-inch glass baking dish. Set aside.
Prepare an ice bath by filling a large bowl with cold ice water and ice. Set aside.
Fill a large pot with water and add 1 tablespoon of salt; bring water to a boil. Add green beans to boiling water and cook for 5 to 6 minutes, or until fork-tender. Drain the beans in a colander and immediately plunge them into an ice bath. Drain the beans again in a colander. Dry the beans with a kitchen towel or paper towels (don’t skip this part!). Set aside.
Break the mushroom tops into pieces using your hands.
In a large skillet over medium-high heat, heat 1 tablespoon oil; add the garlic and sauté for 1 minute. Add the mushrooms and sauté until soft, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and white pepper to taste. Remove skillet from heat. Add the cooked green beans into the skillet with the mushrooms and gently toss. Transfer the green bean-mushroom mixture to the prepared baking dish.
To the same skillet used to cook the mushrooms, add 1 tablespoon oil and 2 tablespoons flour; heat over medium-high heat and whisk constantly for 1 minute. Slowly add the milk and continue whisking until all of the milk is used and the mixture is creamy and smooth, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and white pepper to taste. Add this roux to the green bean-mushroom mixture and gently toss to coat.
Add the pumpkin seeds, panko crumbs, and remaining 2 teaspoons extra virgin olive oil to a food processor; process by pulsing about 10 quick times. Season with salt and pulse again. Top green bean-mushroom mixture with the pulsed pumpkin seed mixture. Bake, uncovered, for 10 minutes. Garnish with whole pumpkin seeds before serving.

Submitter: 
Ivy Larson
Description: 
I came up with this “eat clean” healthy Green Bean Casserole recipe for the Thanksgiving feature article of Natural Health magazine using Dr. Oz’s ten SuperFoods.  The SuperFood in this dish is pumpkin seeds.

As for Green Bean Casserole, although it’s always been a hit in our family, I realize there are two types of people; those who love Green Bean Casserole, and those who don’t. As for me, even before I became enthused with eating and cooking healthfully I was never a particularly enthusiastic fan of mushroom soup dumped on top of green beans.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
