URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62504442/butternut-squash-and-shiitake-mushroom-wild-rice-risotto/
Title:
Butternut Squash and Shiitake Mushroom Wild Rice Risotto Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/507056.jpg
Ingredients:
4 cups water
3 oz dried sliced shiitake mushrooms
3-4 cups butternut squash cut in cubes
2 Tbsp olive oil
1 Tbsp maple syrup (optional)
4 cups vegetable stock
3 Tbsp butter
1 large onion finely chopped
1 cup wild rice or wild rice blend
2 cups arborio rice
1 cup dry white wine
4 oz Gorgonzola cheese, crumbled
salt and pepper to taste
1/2 cup chopped flat leaf parsley

Directions:
Place the 4 cups of water in a medium size bowl. Rinse the dried mushrooms and soak for at least 30 minutes. Set aside and reserve the mushroom liquid.
Preheat oven to 375
Toss the squash in bowl with olive oil and maple syrup. Transfer to a baking sheet. Roast at 375 until squash is tender but still holds it shape. About 30 minutes.
Combine vegetable stock and mushroom liquid in a medium saucepan. Heat over medium heat until almost boiling.
Heat butter In a large skillet over medium heat the butter start to foam. Stir in the onion and cook until the onions are soft and golden.
Add both types of rice and stir well to coat with butter and onion.
Add the white wine and mushrooms. Cook until most of the liquid has been absorbed, stirring occasionally.
Add the hot stock 3/4 cup (or enough to cover rice) at a time stirring frequently and adding more stock when the liquid is almost completely absorbed. Continuing cooking and adding the stock by 3/4 cups until all of the stock has been added the rice is tender. About 35 minutes
Stir in butternut squash and cook for 2-3 minutes more.
Reduce heat. Quickly mix in the Gorgonzola cheese and parsley until risotto is moist and creamy creamy.
Remove from heat. Season with salt and pepper. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
LoveNRoquette
Description: 
A pretty fall risotto with lots of color and texture. This dish makes a great meatless main course or an elegant side dish.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
