URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62507543/why-havent-i-had-this-before-manicotti/
Title:
Why Haven't I Had This Before Manicotti!!! Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For Meat Mixture:
1 chopped onion
6 ounces pepperoni
1 pound of ground beef
For Sauce Mixture:
1 tablesoon tomato paste
1/4 teaspoon crushed red chili flakes
5 teaspoons of minced garlic
Two 28 cans of crushed tomatoes
For Cheese Mixture:
3 cups of ricotta cheese
1 cup shredded provolone cheese
2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese
1 whisked egg
1/4 cup basil
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon pepper
Noodles:
2 quarts boiling hot water
16 flat oven-ready lasagna noodles
For the end:
1/2 cup shredded mozzarella cheese
1/2 cup shredded provolone cheese

Directions:
With a food processor, place the chopped onion and pepperoni into the processor. Have it grind together, but not into mush. Then add the ground beef to the onion and pepperoni mixture and blend a bit more.
Add the meat mixture to a sauce pan on the stove and cook on medium heat until browned and cooked through. When the meat is done cooking, take 1 cup of the meat mixture and set aside on a paper towel and plate and allow to cool.
For the meat that is still in the sauce pan, add the tomato paste, crushed red chili flakes, and the garlic. Let cook for 1 minute. Then add the 2 cans of crushed tomatoes. Allow the sauce to cook for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.
While the sauce is cooking, place 2 quarts of boiling hot water into a baking dish (9x13). Place the lasagna noodles into the water for 5 minutes. After the 5 minutes, place the noodles onto paper towels to dry and discard the water in the pan into the sink.
While the noodles are drying and the sauce is cooking, prepare the cheese mixture. In a bowl, mix together the ricotta, shredded cheeses, egg, basil, salt & pepper. Then add the 1 cup of meat mixture that was placed aside earlier. Make sure it's all blended. Then on a cookie sheet make 16 1/4 cup cheese balls.
Lay the lasagna noodle flat, place the 1/4 cup cheese/meat mixture at one end, and roll the noodle over to hold the cheese mixture in. Do this with all 16 noodles.
Place half of the meat sauce into the baking dish. Place the 16 cheese-filled noodles on top of the meat sauce. Place the remaining sauce on top of the noodles.
Cover with foil-bake for 40 minutes at 375 degrees.
In the last 5 minutes of baking ,add the 1/2 cup of shredded mozzarella and provolone.
Let sit for 10 minutes before serving and enjoy!!!!

Submitter: 
Layna128
Description: 
I saw this recipe on TV and it looked amazing! I never had manicotti before this recipe and this is now one of my favorite dishes. Hope you enjoy this dish as much as we do!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30-45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
