URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62501407/lindas-oxtail-and-barley-soup/
Title:
Linda's Oxtail and Barley Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/499787.jpg
Ingredients:
2 lb. oxtails
2 T. olive oil
8 cups water
4 T. beef soup base (or 6 beef bouillon cubes)
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 tsp. fresh ground black pepper
1 T. Sazon annato seasoning
1 T. dried parsley
1 can diced tomatoes
2 stalks celery, chopped
1 large onion, chopped
1 large carrot, sliced
1 large parsnip, sliced
2 medium potatoes, cubed
12 mushrooms, quartered
3/4 cup uncooked barley
2 bay leaves

Directions:
In a heavy frying pan, saute the oxtails in olive oil, turning to brown on all sides. Remove from frying pan and drain on paper towels.
Place the oxtails in a large Dutch oven or soup pot and add the water, soup base, chopped garlic, black pepper, parsley, and Sazon.
Bring to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer for 1 hour, stirring occasionally, to tenderize the oxtails.  Add more water if necessary.
Remove the oxtails to a plate to cool.  The broth will have a layer of grease on top, because oxtails have a lot of fat.  If you want to remove this before continuing, either use a gravy separator to strain the grease out, or pour the broth into a bowl or pitcher and put it in the refrigerator so the grease will solidify enough to spoon off the top.
To the broth, add the diced tomatoes, celery, onions, carrots, parsnips, potatoes, mushrooms, barley, and bay leaves.  Bring to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.
While the vegetables are cooking, cut as much meat as possible off the oxtail bones.  There may be a lot of gristle and fat, but continue working with the bones to get as much meat off as possible.  Add the chopped meat and the bones back to the soup.  Simmer for another 20 minutes.
Remove bones from the pot before serving.

Submitter: 
NCwriter
Description: 
Thick, hearty, and full of flavor--the best oxtail soup you'll ever eat!  Great served with fresh hot homemade bread or rolls.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
about 2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
