URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62505265/key-west-black-bean-chilli-recipe/
Title:
Key West Black Bean Chilli Recipe Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/502764.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons of olive oil
¼ cup of minced garlic
2 ½ cups of chopped yellow onions divided
2 ½ pounds of lean ground beef
¼ cup of Chili powder
2 tablespoons of paprika
1 tablespoon chopped, seeded jalapeno pepper
1 ½ teaspoons ground cumin
¾ teaspoon ground coriander
1 cup merlot or cabernet sauvignon
1 (14-ounce) can chicken broth
1 (14-ounce) can beef broth
1 (14.5-ounce) can garlic-and-olive-oil petite-cut tomatoes, drained
3 tablespoons Asian hot chili sauce
¼ cup tomato paste
2 (15-ounce) cans black beans, drained
1 cup sour cream

Directions:
1. Place olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. When hot, add garlic and 2 cups chopped onions. Sauté until tender, about 5 minutes. Add ground beef and sauté until cooked through, about 5 minutes. Add chili powder, paprika, jalapeno, cumin, and coriander. Stir to mix well with beef and onions.
2. Add wine and simmer until most of the liquid has evaporated, about 5 minutes. Add broths, chopped tomatoes, chili sauce, and tomato paste. Stir to mix well. Bring mixture to boil, stirring frequently. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer uncovered for 45 minutes, until liquid thickens slightly. (At this point chili can be cooled and refrigerated in a covered container for up to 2 days
3. Add black beans and cook on medium-low heat until heated through, about 15 minutes. (If reheating base soup, bring base soup to a simmer before adding beans.) Ladle soup into shallow soup bowl and top each serving with a dollop of sour cream and a sprinkle of chopped onions.

Submitter: 
RyanVF
Description: 
The black bean is said to have made its way to the Florida Keys many centuries ago by Cuban immigrants. 

Black Beans, also known as the turtle beans are being called a miracle fruit. Black Beans provide a virtually fat-free, high quality source of protein. Recent research also shows that Black Beans are rich in antioxidants as well. 

On a cold day, warm your friends and family with “Key West Hot Black Bean Chili”.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
