URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62507331/turdilli-sweet-fried-gnocchi/
Title:
Turdilli (Sweet Fried Gnocchi) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/504385.jpg
Ingredients:
4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting work surface
1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon ground allspice
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup pure olive oil
3/4 cup red vermouth, Marsala, sweet sherry, or other sweet wine such as Vin Santo
2 large eggs
4 to 6 cups peanut or vegetable oil, for deep-frying
About 2 cups honey, warm

Directions:
Sift together the flour, nutmeg, cinnamon, allspice, baking powder, and salt and set aside. In the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, mix together the olive oil, vermouth, and eggs until well blended. Add the dry ingredients all at once and mix on low speed until the mixture forms a cohesive mass.
Put dough onto a  lightly floured board. Knead lightly until smooth. Shape into a ball and place in a bowl. Dust the top lightly with flour, cover with a towel or plastic wrap, and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or up to overnight to allow the dough to relax.
If necessary, dust the surface with flour. Shape into "gnocchi" with a gnocchi board or the back side of a fork. The deeper the grooves the better as they puff up as they fry and the ridges tend to disappear.
Fry the cookies in about 4 batches until puffed and medium to dark brown, about 1 1/2 minutes. Drain on paper towels.
While still hot, put the cookies in a large shallow dish and pour the honey over them. Toss the cookies several times as they cool. If the cookies absorb all the honey, add more - they should be fully saturated.

Submitter: 
Milly Suazo-Martinez
Description: 
Italian deep fried cookies with honey glaze. Recipe from Michael Ciarello
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
