URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62507263/glorified-grilled-cheese-sandwiches/
Title:
Glorified Grilled Cheese Sandwiches Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Ingredients:
Sliced  white, wheat, whole grain or multigrain bread (enough for desired amount of sandwiches)
Sliced provolone-1 slice per sandwich
Sliced swiss (any kind) ½ slice per sandwich
Sliced American, cheddar, orange blend or orange and white blend
Grated or shredded  parmesan (optional)
Garlic powder
Onion powder or fresh finely diced scallions or chives (optional if you don’t like onion flavor)
Italian seasoning or dried parsley if you don’t want all the herbs
Salt (optional) Kosher or sea salt (finely ground) or regular table salt though not recommended
Bacon bits
Spreadable  whipped butter or margarine
Cayenne and/or paprika (for spicy hot) or ground chipotle  (for really hot so use very sparsely

Directions:
Prep Directions:
You can really use any type of bread that you want, just don’t use the loaves you have to cut yourself because the slice are never the same size. If you’re really ambitious, you can make your own bread.
Butter bread. Mirror slices so they match and help prevent cheese overflow while cooking.
Lay down slice(s) of provolone. Lightly sprinkle garlic powder, onion powder (or substitute), Italian seasoning (or sub) and salt (you may not want to use salt if using cheddar cheese).  Sprinkle bacon bits and parmesan (desired amount) evenly across cheese. Peel swiss into small strips and place evenly. Put American (or sub) on top.
Cooking Directions:
On griddle or square skillet at medium heat(you can use a rounded skillet but it doesn’t fit square bread easily), place one side of each sandwich, butter side down. Put cheese mound (use hands as spatula will stick to cheese) on top of slice. Place mirrored slices on top with butter side up. Cook to desired color the carefully flip and do the same. If cheese has not melted all the way, you can turn the heat down and cook a little longer. Don’t worry if you’re cheese comes out the side a little. It makes a really cool crispy kind of edge.

Submitter: 
Michelle Leigh Gossman
Description: 
This makes a 3 to 7 cheese sandwich depending on which cheeses you use. Ooh yummy! This goes great with an easy tomato soup or tomato based soup right out of the can.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
