URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62508663/chicago-steakhouse-burgers/
Title:
Chicago Steakhouse Burgers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound thawed ground chuck, sirloin, turkey, pork, buffalo or bison
3 tablespoons A1 chicago steackhouse marinade + a little extra to brush on burgers
1 egg
1 ½ teaspoons liquid smoke
½ teaspoon garlic
½ teaspoon garlic powder
½ teaspoon onion powder
½ teaspoon basil.
6 tablesppons cup bread crumbs
Hamburger buns
Sliced cheese of choice (to fit burger size)

Directions:
Prep Directions:
Place ground meat in a mixing bowl. In another bowl mix  marinade, egg, liquid smoke, garlic powder, onions powder and basil. Make sure it is mixed thoroughly.  Pour over meat and squish ingredients into meat until you see an even mixture. Add 1/3 breadcrumbs and mix in. Do this two more times in thirds. Divide into for even balls. Smash balls down to form your round patties. Place on a plate. Take your marinade and brush onto top side of patties. To keep a flat burger, depress push down in the middle so it almost looks like a pizza crust) the middle with your fingers before brushing on marinade.
Cooking Directions:
Heat skillet to medium high. If using stainless steel, you’ll want to coat with cooking spray or lightly coat with oil. Let pan heat up for a minute or so, then place marinated side down. Brush marinade on top side. Let cook for 3 or 4 minutes and flip. You just want to make sure you have a brown to darker sear before you filp. Do the same to other side. Turn heat down to med-low and let cook for 3-4 minutes on each side again. For sliders, cut each side cook time in half.  Lay cheese slice on top and let melt on low heat. Server on toasted or slightly warmed buns. You can butter your buns and toast them in a skillet or griddle if you like. Put condiment and/or dressing of your choice on top.
Note: If you have it, you’ll want to use a splatter guard so the grease doesn’t get all over the place. Don’t use a solid lid as this builds condensation and will not allow your meat to brown or sear properly. Bread crumbs help hold your burger together, make the meat go farther and make the burger a little lighter.

Submitter: 
Michelle Leigh Gossman
Description: 
This is a semi-spicy burger with a fairly strong pepper taste. It’s best not to add anything that is going to make it any hotter than it already is. You can also make smaller portions for slider appetizers. Make as many or as little as you like by modifying amount of ingredients.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
25 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
