URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62503354/oven-baked-tilapia-with-bechamel-sauce/
Title:
Oven baked Tilapia with Béchamel Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 Tilapia Fillets
1 pint buttermilk Light
4 oz sharp grated sharp cheddar cheese
4 oz Italian breadcrumbs
Garlic powder
2 tsp garlic salt
2 tsp salt
Fresh parsley
Ingredients for bechamel>
4 tbsp butter
4 tbsp flour (approx)
2 cup cold, whole milk
salt (to taste)
white pepper (to taste)

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees. Put foil on a baking sheet and spray with non-stick cooking spray. Dip fillets in bowl with buttermilk and lay the fillets in a single row on a platter, then season with salt and garlic powder on both sides. Mix the cheese and the breadcrumb in a deep bowl and take one fillet at the time and coat. Put the fillets back in to the buttermilk and for a second time coat with the breadcrumbs mix. Put the fillet on the baking sheet. After all the fillets has been coated mince parsley and sprinkle on top of the fish. Bake in the oven for 10-12 minutes or until fish flakes easily when tested with a fork.
While fish is baking, prepare the béchamel sauce.
Directions:
To start the béchamel, first melt the butter in a small pot over medium-low heat. Add the flour and whisk to form a white roux that has a medium consistency. Cook the roux for about 1 minute; it should not turn color.
Slowly temper in the milk, a bit at a time. To prevent lumping, let the milk heat up a bit before whisking. Once all of the milk has been incorporated, gently simmer uncovered for about 10 to 15 minutes to cook out the starch flavor.
The béchamel should have a medium consistency (thicker than a sauce). Strain if desired. Season to taste.
After the fish has baked, plate the fish on a platter and pour béchamel sauce to almost cover the fish.
Serve with peas, mashed potatoes and freshly sliced tomatoes.

Submitter: 
Lars Sahlen
Description: 
Talapia fillets are twice bathed in butter milk and covered in cheese mix with Italian breadcrumbs, seasoned with garlic powder, salt, parsley and finally topped with béchamel sauce! This will be your kids favorite ”chicken dish”
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
