URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62503510/autism-celebration-cake-aka-kit-kat-candy-cake/
Title:
Autism Celebration Cake aka Kit Kat® Candy Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/501430.jpg
Ingredients:
1 Rainbow Clown Cake recipe  , divided into 2 8-inch cakes
*10-12 packages of standard Kit Kat ® candy bars*
1 48 oz package M&M; ® chocolate candies
1 container prepared frosting, vanilla flavored
1 container prepared frosting, chocolate flavored
a decorative ribbon and bow

Directions:
Place Kit Kat(R) candy bars into refrigerator or freezer a few hours prior to assembling cake.
Preheat oven to 350. Spray 2 8-inch round baking pans with non-stick cooking spray. Set aside. Prepare Clown Cake Recipe as suggested. Divide batter into pans and bake for 30-35 minutes or until toothpick inserted into center of cakes comes out clean. Remove from oven and completely cool.
Using the container of vanilla frosting, frost the top of one cake, evenly. Layer 2nd cake on top and continue to frost cake on the top of 2nd layer and around the sides.
Remove Kit Kat(R) candy bars from refrigerator or freezer...Please note to buy extra incase of breakage. Remove wrappers, and with a sharp knife, cut bars into individual pieces. Keep cool when assembling the next step, due to chocolate melting in hands. Take a butter knife and smear onto the back of each individual bar a dab of chocolate frosting(this is used like glue to bond to the cake). Assemble each bar to the cake standing upright. Repeat the process until all the way around the cake. With leftover chocolate frosting, place into a ziploc baggie, snip a small corner, and pipe a thin thread in between each bar, to cover any gaps and make look slightly uniform.
Tie Ribbon and bow around the cake and secure with a bad of chocolate frosting to hold into place. Once that is done, open bag of M&M's and pour into the top well of the cake until cake is completely covered and no frosting is showing.

Submitter: 
Melissa Goff
Description: 
I was looking for a cake for my daughter is Autistic,one day when she was sad. I came across a Kit Kat picture and decided to recreate it. And made it into a cake she could be proud of because of who she is.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 1/2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
