URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62505242/shui-zhu-dou-fu-sichuan-boiled-tofu/
Title:
Shui Zhu Dou Fu (Sichuan Boiled Tofu) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/502743.jpg
Ingredients:
1 box soft tofu--cut into equal size pieces
2 cups Napa Cabbage--cut into 2 inch lengths
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon chicken powder
6 tablespoon vegetable oil
2 tablespoon Sichuan Bean sauce
2 cups water
2 teaspoon corn starch mixed with 2 teaspoon water
5 dry chili pepper and 10 Sichuan Pepper Corn--ground finely
3 cloves pressed garlic (or chopped finely)

Directions:
Heat up a frying pan with 2 tablespoon vegetable oil until you can feel the heat above it. Put in the napa cabbage. Stir fry it until it is soft (takes about 3 to 5 minutes). Put in the salt and chicken powder. Transfer to a serving pot, and cover with foil. Turn on the oven to warm, and keep it warm in there.
Heat up a wok with 2 tablespoon vegetable oil until you can feel the heat above it. Then turn the stove to medium heat, and put in the bean sauce. Stir fry it until the oil becomes red. Pour in two cups of water, and turn up the stove and bring it to a boil.
Put in the tofu, and keep the soup simmering for at least 15 minutes. This will help the flavor get into the tofu, and reduce the volume of the soup.
Put in the corn starch water to thicken the soup.
Transfer the tofu and the soup into the serving pot. Put the pressed garlic,and chili and pepper corn powder on top of the tofu.
Heat up 2 tablespoon of vegetable oil in a cast iron skillet until smoking hot. Pour in on top of the garlic and chili pepper corn powder.
Add some cilantro as garnish. You are ready to serve!

Submitter: 
Tao,RN
Description: 
Shui Zhu is one of main styles of Sichuan cooking. Shui Zhu means boiled. I have posted Sichuan Boiled Fish before. It is eventually the same method of cooking, but with a change of ingredients.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
