URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62508068/french-onion-soup---natural-style/
Title:
French Onion Soup - Natural Style Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/504828.jpg
Ingredients:
6   Tbsp. butter
1   Tbsp. olive oil
3   lbs.  yellow onions or vidalia onions
1   tsp.  sugar or more if you like it more sweet, I personally added 1 Tbsp.
Salt to taste, start low
1   Tbsp  flour
8   cups  beef or veal stock*
1   cup wine (red or white - I preffer red)
1/2 cup Vermoth (optional)
Sherry to taste (optional)- If never used sherry in your cooking then use only 1 to 2 Tbsp
Black pepper to taste
1 lb  baguette or a bag/box of croutons
1 lb  gruyere or swiss cheese, in thick slices or shredded
*Note: If you dont have time to make the stock, then use a store bought stock (not canned, but the boxed one like swason), then you would have to add to the soup: 1 tsp dried oregano, 2 to 3 bay leaves, 10 whole peppercorns, 1 tsp dried basil, 1/2 fennel seeds, 1 tbsp maggy browning seasoning and any other seasoning you like with your stock.  You can put them into a cheesecloth bag or just directly into the pot.

Directions:
If you can, use a heavy pot for this recipe.  Melt the butter with oil in medium-low heat. Add onions, cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until translucent, about 20 minutes.  Increase heat to med-high, uncover, add the sugar and season to taste with salt.  Saute, stirring often until onions are very soft and deep golden brown. This step is essential in getting the deep color of the soup.
Reduce heat to medium, sprinkle flour and cook. Stir constantly for 2-3 minutes.  Add two cups of stock and stir to blend, then add the rest of the stock along with the wine and the optional vermoth and sherry.  Season to taste with salt and pepper, taking into consideration that some of the liquid will get evaporated. Simmer for about 30 minutes, uncovered.  Check for seasoning, adjust if necessary.
Toast baguette with butter (425 degree oven). Skip this if using croutons.
Place a slice of toast in each oven proof bowls (8-8oz or 12- 6oz ramekins). Fill bowls with onion soup. Put a thick layer of cheese on top and put bowls on a baking sheet into the oven.  Broil for 2-3 minutes or until desired browness.  If you do the crouton option, place them on top of the soup with the cheese covering and broil.

Submitter: 
Cooking princess
Description: 
I got this recipe from Sur La Table. After trying the best rated onion soup from this site I think this one tasted much more fresher and yummier.  If you like natural flavors and less canned flavors, then give this a try.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
1:30 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
