URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62508819/salt-caramels/
Title:
Salt Caramels Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/505319.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup heavy cream
5 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces
2 teaspoons sea salt, plus extra for sprinkling on top.
1 1/2 cups sugar
1/4 cup light corn syrup
1/4 cup water

Directions:
Equipment:
8" square baking pan
Parchment paper
Candy thermometer (or a deep-fat thermometer)
Wax paper for wrapping or paper candy cups
Directions:
Line the bottom and sides of the pan with parchment paper and lightly oil the paper.
Bring the cream, butter and sea salt to a boil in a small saucepan; remove from heat and set aside.?
Boil the sugar, corn syrup, and water in a heavy saucepan, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Bring to a boil, without stirring but gently swirling pan; then cook without stirring until the mixture reaches 248°F, the firm-ball stage.
Carefully stir in the cream mixture—the mixture will bubble up. Simmer, stirring frequently, about 15 minutes. The temperature should not go higher than 250°F.
CANDYMAKER TIP: To get the caramel consistency you want, test by dropping a spoonful of caramel into a bowl of cold water. It will form a ball, which you can test with your fingers. Stop cooking when the ball is the consistency that you want.?
Pour the mixture into the baking pan and cool 2 hours.
OPTIONAL: You can enrobe your caramels in tempered melted chocolate; sprinkle the top with some grains of sea salt (pretty salts make a difference); or press in some culinary lavender buds.
Cut into 1-inch pieces, then wrap each piece in a 4-inch square of wax paper, folding ends or twisting to close like taffy.
ALTERNATIVE: Pour the caramel into individual candy cups.

Submitter: 
Luanne A.
Description: 
Sea salt is found in specialty food stores under the name fleur de sel. You can also experiment with artisanal salts if you like.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
4 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
40
Nutritional Facts:
NA
