URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62516049/ham-cheese-spinach-strata/
Title:
Ham Cheese Spinach Strata Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
•1 Tbsp. canola or olive oil
•1 Tbsp. butter
•1 onion, finely chopped
•1 pkg. frozen spinach, thawed (or a few cups fresh spinach)
•salt & pepper to taste
•8 cups cubed or torn crusty French or Italian bread
•1-2 cups chopped cooked ham (optional)
•2 cups grated old cheddar, Gouda, Monterey Jack or Gruyère
•1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese
•9 large eggs
•3 cups milk
•1 Tbsp. regular or Dijon mustard

Directions:
1.In a large skillet, heat the oil and butter over medium heat; when the butter melts and gets foamy, add the onion and sauté for about 5 minutes, until soft. Squeeze as much moisture out of the spinach and chop it; add to the skillet, season with salt and pepper and cook until no moisture remains in the pan; remove from heat. (If using fresh spinach, tear it into the pan, cook it until it wilts and any excess moisture cooks off.) Set aside.
2.Spray a 9"x13" pan or baking dish with similar volume with nonstick spray and spread about a third of the bread cubes into the bottom. Top with about a third of the spinach mixture and a third of the ham, then a third of each cheese. Repeat, using up the rest of the ingredients but holding off on the last layer of cheese.
3.In a medium bowl whisk together the eggs, milk and mustard, and a little salt and pepper, and pour evenly over the ingredients in the baking dish. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours, and up to 24 hours.
4.When ready to bake, preheat oven to 350°F. Uncover the strata and sprinkle with remaining cheese. Bake uncovered for 45 minutes, until puffed and golden. Serves 8.

Submitter: 
Smurphy
Description: 
The addition of bread to a frittata makes it something called strata, which is easy to make using any kind of cheese, meats and vegetables you have left over and would like to use up. It’s also great to make in advance and perfect for dinner as well as breakfast or brunch; try different variations with chopped cooked ham, caramelized onions, and different types of cheese. 

Leave out the ham for vegetarian strata - or try adding some chopped roasted red peppers along with the spinach.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 plus 2hrs
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
