URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62510449/yummilicious-eazypeazy-not-super-sugary-granola-your-kids-will-love/
Title:
Yummilicious, Eazypeazy, NOT Super Sugary Granola Your Kids Will LOVE! Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/518794.jpg
Ingredients:
Dry Ingredient Base:
2 cups Rolled Oats
2 cups Quick Oats
1 cup rolled Barley
1/2 cup rolled Rye
1/2 cup Wheat Bran
1/2 cup Wheat Germ
1/2 cup ground flaxseed
1 cup roasted sunflower seeds (I use unsallted)
1 bag UNSWEETENED shredded coconut (10-12 ounces)
1 cup chopped walnuts
1 (generous) cup dried fruit
1 Tbsp salt (if you use salted sunflower seeds, cut this in half at least)
-------------------------
Wet Ingredient Base:
1 cup coconut oil
1 cup honey
------------------------
Flavor Variations:
Apple Cinnamon Roll Granola...
-Dry Mix Changes: Use 1 cup of chopped pecans for the nuts & 1 cup raisins for the dried fruit, add 1 Tbsp cinnamon and 1 tsp Allspice
-Wet Mix Changes: Substitute 1 can of frozen 100% Apple Juice concentrate (thawed) for the honey
Cranberry Orange Granola...
-Dry Mix Changes: Use 1 cup sliced almonds for the nuts, 1 cup dried cranberries for the dried fruit, add 1 Tbsp dried orange zest
-Wet Mix Changes: Substitute 1 can of frozen 100% Orange Juice concentrate (thawed) for the honey
Cherry Vanilla Almond...
-Dry Mix Changes: Use 1 cup slivered almonds for the nuts, 1 cup roughly chopped dried cherries for the dried fruit
-Wet Mix Changes: Add 1 Tbsp Vanilla Extract
Banana Walnut...
-Dry Mix Changes: Use 1 cup chopped walnuts for the nuts, 1 cup dried bananas (crush into small pieces in a baggie first), add 2 tsp nutmeg, 1 tsp cinnamon and 1/2 tsp cloves
-Wet Mix Changes: Add 1 Tbsp Banana Flavoring (optional)
Chocolate Marshmallow...
After it cools COMPLETELY, toss in 1 cup mini chocolate chips and 1 cup mini marshmallows

Directions:
Dump all DRY ingredients into large bowl and combine thoroughly (hands preferred, make sure there's no clumps of anything sticking together).
Note: I do realize there's no brown sugar. It's ok. There used to be, until I forgot one time and no one noticed. I haven't looked back since. It doesn't need it, and we're way too accustomed to overly sweet foods anyways :)
Melt the coconut oil and the honey together in a small bowl, so the coconut oil isn't solid. This is 1 minute in my microwave, but do what works for you.
Make a well in the center of the bowl of dry ingredients, and pour the WET mixture into the well. Stir and make sure all the dry mix gets wet. There's always a few dry spots holding out, so be sure you get it all very well mixed!
Pour onto foil covered cookie sheet. Do NOT pat it down, you want it fluffyish so it will toast better. Put into oven (no need to preheat) at 250 degrees and set the timer for 2 hours. After two hours, take it out and stir it around. Put it back in at 300 for 30-60 minutes, or until it's golden brown and toasty. This time frame varies based on your pan size, so the goal is golden toasty brown at a low temperature.
When it's finished, do not let it cool in the pan, or it can burn. Using the foil that covers the pan, lift it all out and pour it into a large bowl. It will not seem crispy right away, don't worry! Toss it around to break it up and let it cool COMPLETELY before packaging-I usually toss/stir it up every 30 minutes or so while it's cooling. Store in a ziplock bag or airtight container. Enjoy :)

Submitter: 
BellevueMama
Description: 
I've tackled granola recipes for years, searching for the perfect one. They are always, ALWAYS too sugary sweet for a regular breakfast cereal or snack, and store bought versions have corn syrup and are ridiculously expensive. On top of that, my kids won't eat the 'low sugar' versions, so I created this one. It's inexpensive, healthy, and delicious. You can't mess this up-as long as the proportions are the same, you can mix and match the dry ingredients to your heart's content. Thanks for trying it!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
