URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62515419/greatly-improved-granny-kats-pumpkin-roll/
Title:
Greatly Improved Granny Kat's Pumpkin Roll Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/513917.jpg
Ingredients:
CAKE
3/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup white sugar
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice
1 cup pumpkin puree
3 eggs
1 teaspoon lemon juice
dash of salt
confectioners' sugar
FILLING
1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened
1/4 cup butter
1 teaspoon vanilla extract, or, if available, Trader Joe's Vanilla Paste
1 cup confectioners' sugar
about a cup of walnut pieces

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease and flour a 16x12x1 jelly roll pan.
In  a large bowl, combine flour, soda, pumpkin pie spice and salt.  Beat the eggs separately until light, then slowly add the sugar.  Combine the  pumpkin puree with the lemon juice, then fold into the egg and sugar mixture.  Fold the flour mixture into the pumpkin/egg mixture.
Spread the batter evenly into the jelly roll pan.  Next, and this is important, slam the bottom of the jelly roll pan down onto your table several times to get the mixture as flat and even as possible and to remove large bubbles.  Bake at 375 degrees for 15 minutes.  While the cake is baking, mix the cream cheese, butter, powdered sugar and vanilla and set aside.
After taking the cake out, put a damp kitchen towel on top of it and let it steam a bit.  After about 20 minutes, take the towel off and loosen the cake with a flat spatula.  Dust 1/2 cup of powdered sugar on a clean kitchen towel and shake off excess into a bowl to use later to dust the finished roll.
Put this towel sugar side down onto the cake while in the pan.  Using a thin plastic cutting board, turn the cake onto your work table, towel side down.  Carefully remove the plastic cutting board then the baking pan.
Spread the filling on.  I used all but 1/4 cup of the filling.  Any more made the cake hard to roll.  I also sprinkled on a handful or two of walnut pieces.  Then use the kitchen towel under the cake to roll it up.  Refrigerate.
When ready to serve, dust the outside of the roll with confectioners sugar and slice.  This works especially well if the cake is slightly frozen.  To make the roll round, and not slightly flat on one side, turn it 1/4 turn about every 30 minutes while it chills until it holds it’s shape.

Submitter: 
Helen Ann Hebert
Description: 
Sorry Granny, your pumpkin roll is delicious, but there is no way made the way you described will turn out looking like the photo.  I'd be shocked if the test kitchen did it this way.  I had to make several changes to this recipe but after three tries, I think I have it.

First off, DO NOT make it in a 9x13 cake pan.  The cake portion of the roll will be too thick and will not be cooked after 15 minutes.  I used a 16x12x1 jelly roll pan which I think is the MINIMUM size you should use.Modified from: Granny Kat's Pumpkin Roll
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
