URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62514596/brussels-sprouts-with-bacon-and-chestnuts-recipe/
Title:
Brussels Sprouts with Bacon and Chestnuts Recipe Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound brussels sprouts
1/3 pound thick-sliced bacon or slab bacon, cut into 1/4-inch pieces or batons
1 red onion, chopped
20-25 canned roasted chestnuts, quartered or roughly chopped
1/4 cup chicken stock
Salt and pepper to taste
Lemon wedges to serve

Directions:
1 Put a large pot of salty water on the stove to boil. While the water is heating, cut the brussels sprouts in half and slice thinly, starting at the top of the sprout and working back toward the stem. Discard the last 1/4 inch of the stem side.
2 Cut the bacon into pieces about 1/4 inch wide and put them in a large sauté pan over medium heat.
3 Once the water is boiling, add all the brussels sprouts and boil them for 2 minutes. While the sprouts are boiling, get a large bowl of ice water ready. Transfer the brussels sprouts to the ice water (this will shock them vibrant green and stop the cooking) and chill thoroughly. Move to a colander to drain.
4 When the bacon is almost done, add the chopped red onion and toss to combine. Turn the heat to high and stir-fry the bacon and onion until the onion begins to brown.
5 Add the chestnuts and brussels sprouts to the sauté pan with the bacon and onions. Add the chicken stock and toss to combine. Stir in about 1 teaspoon of salt, more or less to taste. Cook over high heat for 2-3 minutes. Add pepper to taste.
Serve hot with lemon wedges. Squeeze a little lemon juice over the sprouts right before you eat them.

Submitter: 
The Viking Bunny
Description: 
This is a deliciously filling main dish that is perfect for the Autumn or Winter. Earthy and flavorful, yet also warm and filling! It's also EXTREMELY simple to make! You can also serve it as a side dish to some lovely roasted pork or poultry.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
