URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62514549/chicken-friand-ala-la-madeleine/
Title:
Chicken Friand (ala La Madeleine) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided
1 tablespoon olive oil
2 cups sliced mushrooms
1 teaspoon dried herbes de Provence, divided
1-1/4 cup dry white wine, divided
1 medium yellow onion, finely chopped
1 large garlic clove, minced
3 tablespoons flour
1 cup chicken broth
2 cups cooked chicken, cut into small pieces
1/2 cup heavy cream
1/2 cup whole milk
1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed

Directions:
Heat a large saucepan over medium heat and melt 1/2 tablepoon butter* with olive oil, swirling to combine. Saute mushrooms until they give off their liquid and it evaporates. Stir frequently. Toss in 1/2 teaspoon of herbes de Provence and saute "until fragrant." Add 1/4 cup wine and cook until it evaporates. Transfer mushrooms to a small bowl.
Add remaining 2 tablespoons butter and add onion to pan. Saute until soft. Stir in garlic and remaining herbes de Provence, cook about 45 seconds. Whisk flour into pan to make a quick roux, about 3 minutes. Gradually whisk in broth and wine. Not all at once, you don't want to overwhelm the roux. Let it absorb the liquid before adding more.
Stir in chicken and mushrooms and warm through. Stir in cream and milk. If the sauce is too thick, gradually add more milk.
Take sheet of thawed puff pastry and put it on a baking sheet with parchment paper. Cut it diagonially. Spoon about 1/4 cup mixute onto half of the pastry and fold to make a large triangle. Brush with an egg wash. Bake friands in a pre-heated 350 to 400 degree oven for 25 minutes or so, until they're golden on top. Serve with extra filling on top and salad on the side.

Submitter: 
Brigette Anderson
Description: 
Clone of Chicken Friand from La Madeleine
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
60
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
