URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62517209/incredible-steak-and-puff-pastry-pies/
Title:
Incredible Steak and Puff Pastry Pies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pkg frozen puff pastry, thawed
3 tbsp butter
1 to 1 1/2 lbs stew beef or other steak, cubed
2 large onions, chopped
2 large red onions, chopped
2 stalks celery, chopped
1 large carrot, chopped
10-12 mushrooms of your choice, sliced
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 cup red wine or dark beer
2 cups beef broth
2 tbsp flour or 1 tbsp cornstarch
2 cups grated sharp cheddar, divided
2 bay leaves
1 tbsp dried rosemary
salt and pepper
4 6-inch aluminum pie plates
1 egg, stirred

Directions:
Pre-heat your oven to 375 degrees.
To prepare the beef filling:  In a dutch oven on the stovetop,  melt the butter.  Add the onions, celery, carrots and mushrooms, and saute over medium heat for about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and go for another minute or so.
Add the red wine or stout, the cubed beef, then add enough beef broth to almost but not quite cover the mixture.  Stir in the flour or cornstarch, the bay leaves, rosemary, and salt and pepper.
Place in the oven, covered, for 1 1/2 hours.  Stir, and put it back in for another 1/2 hour, then remove the bay leaves, stir in half of the cheese and check seasonings.  If assembling immediately, allow to cool to room temp. or place in the fridge for up to 2 days.
On a floured surface, roll out puff pastry into four large rectangles.  The pastry will be quite thin, basically as far as it will stretch.
Place each rectangle in a pie plate, and add a quarter of the beef mixture to each, then the remaining cheese.  With a pastry brush dipped in the egg, moisten the flaps of pastry and pull them over the tops, overlapping the edges and pinching any seams.  (Don't worry about making them look perfect, they will puff up in the oven...the result is more of a bundle than a pie, with the sides not crimped to the pan) Brush the tops lightly with egg, and poke a few holes with a fork.
Bake on a sheet pan in a preheated 375 oven for 35-40 minutes.  Allow to cool slightly and serve.  Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Sarah
Description: 
So richly flavored, and beautiful to look at, these company-worthy individual pies will have your guests begging for the recipe!  These can be made in stages, and are well worth the effort!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2hrs 15 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
