URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62511711/potato-cakes-with-apple-compote/
Title:
Potato Cakes with Apple Compote Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/507283.jpg
Ingredients:
5 russet baking potatoes
½ cup milk
9 Tbsp butter
1 tsp kosher salt
1 medium white onion
3 oz. pancetta
5 medium sized apples
¼ cup brown sugar
½ tsp cinnamon
2 eggs
1 cup of panko breadcrumbs
Salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Peel all potatoes and small dice them. Place them in seasoned, boiling water and cook until tender. Strain and mash in separate bowl with an electric mixer. Add milk, 2 Tbsp butter and 1 tsp salt; mix. Chill overnight in refrigerator.
Peel and small dice the onion. In a pan over low heat, add 1 Tbsp butter and add onions; caramelize.
While onions are caramelizing, peel and small dice all apples; set aside.
After onions have finished caramelizing, remove them from the pan and add them to chilled potatoes. In the same pan that the onions were in, add 2 more Tbsp of butter and turn heat up to medium. Sautee 3 oz. of pancetta.
After pancetta has finished sautéing, crumble it and add it to the mashed potatoes. Stir the potato mixture together, making sure to season with salt and pepper to taste.
In another pan over medium heat, melt 2 Tbsp butter and add apples. Cook until tender. Once tender, add brown sugar and cinnamon and mix well; turn heat to low to keep apples warm.
In small bowl, crack 2 eggs mix them thoroughly. In another small bowl, add the panko breadcrumbs. Form patties with the potatoes (about 3 inches in diameter and 1 inch thick) Dip the patties into the egg, then coat with panko.
In a large nonstick pan, melt 2 more Tbsp butter over medium-high heat. Once butter has melted, fry patties in the pan until they are golden, brown and delicious.
Serve patties warm with compote on top.
Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Ivon
Description: 
A lovely fall breakfast that combines sweet and salty!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
