URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62510243/drunken-goat-cheese-ravioli/
Title:
Drunken Goat Cheese Ravioli Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Filling:
1 lb. Drunken Goat Cheese at room tempeture
1/2 tsp. Finely chopped garlic
1 TBSP. dry white wine
2 tsp. extra virgin olivie oil
grated zest of 1 lemon
1/2  half cup of 3 finely chopped herbs(basil, parsely and tarragon) (or subsitute-thyme,mint, chives, cilantro, chevil for combination)
1 TBSP. fine bread crumbs
salt and pepper to taste
DOUGH:
Semolina flour (very fine pasta flour)
1/2 tsp. salt
2 eggs
2 TBSP. water
2 TBSP. Olive oil
Sauce suggestion:
just olive oil or Brown butter sauce

Directions:
Grate goat cheese into mixing bowl.  use food processor to mix wine, olive oil, herbs and garlic.  Add herb mixture to cheese, then zest your lemon over top of cheese with herbs.
Mix cheese zest and herb mixture then use potato masher or whisk to mash together.
Refridgerate until ready to use
in Mixer Combine Semolina flour and salt. Add beaten eggs, water and oil.
Mix in mixer for several minuates (several minates will help kneead dough)
knead dough for short period wrap dough in towel or put in plastic bag and let sit for 20min.
put corn starch down on rolling area, roll out 1/4 of dough until a 1/4 inch thick.
Place parchment paper down where you plan to set sheet of dough
fold in half and run through pasta machine on widest setting, keep folding an running through until sides are uniform.
keep narrowing your settings and sending the dough though once or twice unfolded. (setting 4 of 6 is lowest we went)
Set dough down on parchment.  Follow same process with rest of dough.
Now place your lumps of filling on pasta, brush egg white around the filling to seal edges and place other sheet of dough on top.
press down on filling moving air pockets to outside and seal.
use pasta cutter to seal and cut.
Freezing ravioli and cooking later would be best, but you can also slowly spoon them into boiling water and cook for 3-5 min.  For frozen cook a bit longer.

Submitter: 
plasticRobot
Description: 
Drunken goat cheese ravioli
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1:30
Ready in:
1:30
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
