URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62510432/lemon-coconut-cupcakes/
Title:
Lemon Coconut Cupcakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/507238.jpg
Ingredients:
Cupcakes
1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour
3/4 teaspoon baking soda
1 pinch salt
5 tablespoons butter, cut into 5 pieces
2/3 cup milk
2 eggs
1 egg yolk
1 cup sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 cup shredded coconut
Frosting
1/4 cup butter, softened
4 ounces cream cheese, softened
1 cup powdered sugar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 teaspoon grated lemon zest
shredded coconut, for topping

Directions:
For the cupcakes: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Line a cupcake pan with 12 paper baking cups. In a medium mixing bowl stir together flour, baking soda, and salt, set aside.
In a small saucepan heat butter and milk over low heat just until mixture is hot and butter is melted. Remove from heat.
Meanwhile, in a large mixing bowl with an electric mixer on medium speed beat eggs, egg yolk, sugar, and vanilla until lightened in color and thickened. On low speed gradually add flour mixture and beat until blended. Slowley add hot milk mixture and beat until combined. Stir in coconut.
Divide batter evenly between baking cups. Bake until toothpick inseted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Cool cupcakes in pan for 10 minutes. Transfer cupcakes to a cooling rack to cool completley.
For the frosting: In a medium mixing bowl on medium speed cream butter and cream cheese until smooth. 6 On low speed gradually add powdered sugar. Add vanilla and lemon zest and beat until smooth and creamy. Spread frosting on cupcakes and top with coconut.

Submitter: 
Cupcake Princess
Description: 
This is a great cupcake recipe that I created, lemon and coconut together is such a great combo. If you want you can substitute lime zest for the lemon zest in the frosting for Lime Coconut Cupcakes instead. You can also add no zest at all to make regular coconut cupcakes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
