URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62510536/deliciously-hearty-chicken-noodle-soup/
Title:
Deliciously Hearty Chicken Noodle Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/974810.jpg
Ingredients:
1 5-6 lb. chicken fryer
2 1/2 c. celery, sliced
2 1/2 c. carrots, sliced
6-8 Herb-Ox速 chicken bouillon cubes
1 Tbsp. Herb-Ox速 Instant bouillon & seasoning (powder/granules)
1 Tbsp. sugar
2 tsp. salt
1 tsp. black pepper
12-16 oz pkg. thin or wide egg noodles**

Directions:
Place chicken into 8 qt stock pot. Fill with water a couple inches from the top. Add salt, pepper, sugar and bouillon cubes. Add all the rinsed celery leaves from celery stalk. Cook over medium-high heat (or gently boiling) for 1 1/2 hours or until chicken is tender enough to fall off the bone. Add water as needed to keep broth volume.
When tender, remove chicken to a plate to cool. Remove celery leaves from broth and discard. Skim off the foamy stuff that floats to the surface of the broth. Add carrots to the pot and boil for about 10 min.  Add celery and cook until veggies are done, about 10 more min. Add water as needed. Sprinkle instant bouillon & seasoning powder over broth and stir.
While the veggies are cooking, remove the skin and bones from the meat and discard. Cut chicken into 1 inch pieces (or preferred size) and cover to keep from drying out.
Add uncooked pasta and bring back to a boil for about 2 min. Cover, reduce heat and simmer for about 15-20 min (depending on type of pasta used, less time for thin noodles) or until pasta is al dente. Remove from heat. Skim off all visible fat.
Add chicken to broth. Heat for about 5 min making sure pasta is just done. Remove from heat immediately - be careful not to overcook, or the noodles will be mushy.
Serve with Saltines.

Submitter: 
Kilyena
Description: 
I've been making this delicious soup for years. The secret to great chicken noodle soup is using a whole fryer or chicken parts with skin on and HERB-OX速 brand chicken bouillon cubes and HERB-OX速 instant seasoning which gives the broth a most delicious flavor. There's nothing better on a cold winter day!
Great with grilled cheese sandwiches or just saltines.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
