URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62519987/stuffed-savoy-cabbage/
Title:
Stuffed Savoy Cabbage Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For tomato sauce (makes 3 cups)
1 can (28 oz) whole peeled plum tomatoes, with juice
2 T EVOO
1/2 med. onion, finely chopped (1 C)
2 garlic cloves, minced
1/8 t red-pepper flakes
coarse salt
For stuffed cabbage:
coarse salt
1 lg. head Savoy cabbage (2-3#)
12 oz. ground chuck (90% lean)
12 oz. ground pork
2 C cooked brown rice (from 1 C dry)
1/2 med. onion, finely chopped (1 C)
1/4 C chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley
1 T hot paprika

Directions:
Make tomato sauce: Pulse tomatoes with juice in blender until finely chopped. Heat oil in med. saucepan over med. heat. Add onions, garlic, and red-pepper flakes. Cook stirring constantly, until onion is tender, about 6 min. Add chopped tomatoes and juice. Bring to boil. Reduce heat, and simmer, stirring occ., until slightly thick, about 20 min. Season with salt. Cool completely
Make stuffed cabbage: Bring lg. pot of salted water to a boil. Add cabbage head, and cook until outer leaves are just tender, 3-4 min. Remove with slotted spoon. Peel outer layer of leaves, and drain. Return remaining cabbage to water, and repeat until all leaves are cooked and removed. Pat each leaf dry with a kitchen towel. Select 12 large leaves for another use.
Preheat oven to 375. Using 2 forks, gently stir together beef, pork, rice, onion, parsley, paprika and 1 T salt.
Working with 1 leaf at a time, trim thick part of rib with a paring knife, leaving leaf intact. Arrange about 1/2 C filling (less for smaller leaves) in center of each leaf. Fold stem end of cabbage over filling. Fold in sides of cabbage. Carefully roll cabbage over to form package, overlapping ends to seal. Transfer each, seam side down, to large, shallow baking dish
Spread sauce over stuffed cabbage leaves. Cover with parchment-lined foil, and bake until cooked through and cabbage is tender, about 1 hr.

Submitter: 
Judy Bodnar
Description: 
Tomato sauce can be made ahead and refrigerated for up to 2 days. Savoy cabbage stuffed with beef and pork and brown rice mixture.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
