URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62512847/spicy-chicken-vegetable-soup/
Title:
Spicy Chicken & Vegetable Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/516342.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoon olive oil
1/2 yellow onion, diced
2 cloves garlic minced (more if you wish)
4 boneless, skinless chicken thighs cut into bite size pieces.
4 cups water (can be less, if you like a chunkier soup)
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon pepper
1 teaspoon Hy's seasoning salt
1 teaspoon poultry seasoning
1 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1 tablespoon dehydrated onion flakes
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 tablespoon liquid honey
Frank's red hot sauce to taste
3 medium to large carrots sliced into 1/2" diagonals
1 cup of broccoli, broken down into individual pieces
3 stalks celery (optional)
1/2 inch diameter of dry spaghetti noodles, broken into 1-2" pieces

Directions:
In a deep saucepan or dutch oven, add oil, onions, garlic and all spices, heat on medium-high until onions carmelize. Keep an eye on this so your fresh garlic doesn't burn.
Add in the chicken pieces and brown it for a few minutes. No need to cook it all the way through at this point. Scrape up the onions and incorporate the chicken.
Reduce heat and add in water, a cup at a time. After the first cup, deglaze your pot by continuing to scrape up the brown bits from the bottom. Pour in the remainder of the water and bring to a rolling boil.
Once boiling, bring the heat back down to medium-high, add the honey and let the chicken cook for about 8-10 minutes.
At this point you can do a taste test. If you like your soup a little spicer, add in more cayenne, Frank's Red Hot and garlic powder.
Break in your spaghetti noodles and let soup boil for another 8-10 minutes.
Turn heat to low and add in the sliced carrots and broccoli for 1 minute.
Remove from heat, and serve!

Submitter: 
Lauren Mills
Description: 
Perfect for a chilly day or for when you're feeling a flu or cold coming on. Zippy taste and easy to make!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10-15 m
Ready in:
40-45 m
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
