URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62519598/mini-beef-wellington-hors-doeuvres/
Title:
Mini Beef Wellington Hors D’Oeuvres Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/511812.jpg
Ingredients:
•2 1 lb. fully cooked beef tenderloins (available at Trader Joe’s seasonally)
•4 Oz. pâté (chicken or duck will work fine)
•2 12” square sheets of puff pastry, thawed but still cold
•Toothpicks, for serving

Directions:
1.Preheat the oven to 425°F and set the top rack in the middle of the oven.
2.If you are starting with an uncooked beef tenderloin, season it to taste and cook until rare.  Allow the tenderloin to come to room temperature before carving, at least 30 minutes.  If using pre-cooked tenderloin, remove from the packaging and wipe all sides dry with paper towels.  Cut the tenderloin into long, 1” square strips.  You should get about 3 good strips per tenderloin; the rest can be saved for excellent next-day sandwiches!
3.Line a baking sheet with parchment or a non-stick mat.  Lay out one sheet of puff pastry and place the cut tenderloin about 1/2” from the top edge.  Spread a little of the pâté on top of the tenderloin.  Then, carefully fold the puff pastry over the tenderloin, rolling the meat and the dough until you’ve completely encased the tenderloin.  Press the dough down at the seam to seal it.  Using a sharp knife, cut the sealed portion of dough away and place on the baking sheet.  Repeat for a total of three “logs” per sheet of puff pastry.
4.Bake until the puff pastry is golden brown, about 10 minutes.  Remove from the oven and let stand 5 minutes before cutting.  Slice each “log” into 1” pieces, skewer with a toothpick, and serve!

Submitter: 
Seattle Food Geek
Description: 
I love the richness and elegance of beef wellington, particularly for fancy winter dinners.  Beef wellington, if you haven’t had it before, is a medium rare slab of steak, topped with fois gras and mushrooms, then wrapped in puff pastry and baked.  The dish can be an expensive proposition, so I’ve transformed it into economical hors d’oeuvres.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
30
Nutritional Facts:
NA
