URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62511822/chicken-pot-pie-ix-revised/
Title:
Chicken Pot Pie IX (revised) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/507335.jpg
Ingredients:
1 5-6 lb whole fryer
6-8 Herb-Ox® bouillon cubes
1 Tbsp. Herb-Ox® poultry seasoning
2 cups sliced carrots
2 cups frozen green peas
1 cup sliced celery
2/3 cup butter
1 cup chopped onion
1 1/3 cup all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon black pepper
1/2 teaspoon celery seed
7 cups reserved chicken broth
2 2/3 cup milk
4 (9 inch) unbaked ready made pie crusts

Directions:
In 8 qt. stock pot cover chicken with water, add celery leaves (optional) and bouillon cubes. Cook until tender, about 1 1/2 hours adding additional water as needed.  Remove skin and bones and discard. Cut chicken into chunks.  Discard celery leaves. Strain the broth.  Skim and discard fat.  Season broth with poultry seasoning.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C.)
In a saucepan, add carrots, peas, and celery and enough chicken broth to cover vegetables. Cover and gently boil for 15 minutes. Remove from heat, (drain and reserve broth adding more to make 7 cups) and set aside.
In a saucepan over medium heat, cook onions  in butter until soft and translucent. Stir in flour, salt, pepper, and celery seed. Slowly stir in chicken broth and milk. Simmer over medium-low heat until thick.  Remove from heat, mix in the chicken and veggies.
Place the chicken/veggie mixture in bottom of 2 prepared pie crusts (see footnote below**). Cover with top crust, seal edges, and cut away excess dough. Make several small slits in the top to allow steam to escape.
Bake in the preheated oven for 30 to 35 minutes, or until pastry is golden brown and filling is bubbly. Cool for 10 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Kilyena
Description: 
As stated in original recipe...A delicious chicken pie made from scratch with carrots, peas and celery. A delicious and heartwarming meal.Modified from: Chicken Pot Pie IX
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
