URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62516893/ashleys-salted-chocolate-chunk-cookies/
Title:
Ashley's Salted Chocolate Chunk Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/510278.jpg
Ingredients:
2 (8 oz.) sticks butter
1/4 cup white sugar
1/4 cup turbinado (cane) sugar
1 3/4 cup light brown sugar, packed
2  eggs
2 tsp pure vanilla extract
3 1/2 cup All Purpose flour
1 1/2 tsp Baking soda
3/4 tsp fine sea salt*
12-16 oz. good quality bittersweet chocolate (such as Scharffen Berger 70% cacao or Ghirardelli 60% cacao), roughly cut into 1/2 inch chunks
1 cup toasted pecans (optional)
fine sea salt

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 360ºF. Tip: Place one oven rack 1/3 of the way from the bottom of the oven, and the other rack 1/3 of the way from the top to allow for air circulation.
Cream the butter and the sugars on medium-high speed until light, 4-5 minutes, scraping down the sides of the bowl a couple of times.  Continue mixing while adding the eggs one at a time.  Make sure each egg is incorporated before adding the next.  Add the vanilla.  Scrape down the side of the bowl with a spatula.
Combine flour, soda and sea salt in another bowl.  Mix with a whisk.  With the machine on low, slowly add almost all the flour.  Reserve just a bit of the mixture.
Remove the bowl from the mixer and add the last bit of flour along with the chocolate (and optional nuts).  Stir with a spatula until just combined.
Optional: Put in refridgerator for up to 24 hours. You can also form them into a log before refrigerating and then slice and bake when it’s time to cook.
Using a large ice cream scoop (2 Tablespoon size), scoop out mounds of dough and place on ungreased cookie sheets lined with parchment paper; make sure there is about 2 inches between each cookies.
Recommended: Sprinkle each mound with a tiny bit of sea salt.
Bake sheets for 11-12 minutes (halfway through, rotate sheets 180 degrees AND rotate the racks so top sheet is on bottom and bottom sheet on top, until the cookies are lightly golden on the edges and a bit gooey in the center. Do not overbake – they will continue to cook on the pan as they cool!
Remove sheet from oven and allow to sit undisturbed for two minutes.  Then carefully transfer cookies to a cooling rack.  Repeat with the remaining sheets.
Makes approximately 2 dozen cookies.

Submitter: 
Diane
Description: 
Look no further for the perfect chocolate chip cookie! I won a local chocolate-lovers baking contest with these cookies! The judges said they were amazingly good. The secret is using good quality bar chocolate (not chips), turbinado (cane) sugar, and sea salt. I added toasted pecans to the original recipe. Recipe printed with permission from author of the recipe, Ashley Rodriguez, notwithoutsalt.com
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
