URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62517058/stuffed-cabbage-authentic-polish-style/
Title:
Stuffed Cabbage Authentic Polish Style Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/600077.jpg
Ingredients:
1 large head of cabbage
1 lb. ground beef 80% lean
1/2 lb.  ground sausage (Johnsonville mild)
1 large chopped onion
3 cloves chopped garlic
1/4 cup fresh parsley chopped no stems
1 tsp. fresh ground black pepper
1 tsp. red pepper flakes
1 Tbsp. brown sugar
3 bay leaves
3 cups cooked white rice
1 1/2 tsp. chicken bouillon powder
1/4 tsp. ground allspice
1 can (14 ounce)  stewed tomatoes
1 can (14 ounce)  tomato puree
2 cans (15 ounce) good quality chicken stock (I like Progresso - home made is even better)
1 Tbsp. olive oil
1 egg beaten

Directions:
Core, then steam cabbage until leaves are easily removed . Set aside to cool.  Saute the onions in the olive oil until translucent and slightly caramelized.  Add the minced garlic and continue cooking without burning the garlic, about 1 minute.  In a large mixing bowl add the ground beef, sausage, parsley, black pepper, red pepper flakes, brown sugar, white rice, chicken bouillon powder, allspice, and egg. Add the cooled sauteed onions and garlic.  Mix throughly by hand without overworking the mixture.  Fill the cabbage leaves with this mixture and roll tightly placing them in a Dutch Oven or large tightly covered pot in layers.  Add the chicken stock, stewed tomatoes, tomato puree and bay leaves to the pot and place on a medium heat.  Heat until boiling, then  reduce heat to a low simmer and cook until tender.  About one hour.
This is usually served alongside mashed potatoes.

Submitter: 
Ed H
Description: 
This recipe will bring to your dinner table some of the best authentic Polish Cabbage Rolls without the added ketchup or tomato juice flavor.  It is real comfort food you will make again once tried...  Enjoy
Chef Eddie
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
