URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62513584/chinese-coconut-sponge-cake/
Title:
Chinese Coconut Sponge Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Sponge Cake
1 cup cake or pastry flour
1 tsp baking powder
1/4 tsp salt
4 eggs
3/4 cup sugar
1 tsp almond extract
1/4 cup coconut milk
Coconut Icing:
2 TB plus 1 tsp pineapple juice
1 TB plus 2 tsp cornstarch
1 cup coconut milk
1/2 cup sugar

Directions:
Line the bottom of a cake pan with parchment paper. Prepare a wok for steaming.
Place the flour in a medium bowl. Sift in the baking powder and salt and set aside.
In a separate bowl, add the sugar to the eggs and beat until they are frothy (about 3 minutes). Stir in the almond extract.
Gradually add the flour mix to the egg mixture, stirring. Add the coconut milk. Stir until you have a smooth batter that is thoroughly mixed, but do not beat.
Pour the batter into the pan (ideally it should only come 2/3 to 3/4 up the side of the pan). Cover and steam for 30 minutes or until a toothpick comes out clean. Cool and remove from the pan, turning the cake over. Cut the cake into squares or diamond shapes.
To Make the Coconut Icing:
In a small bowl, mix the pineapple juice and cornstarch and set aside.
In a medium saucepan, bring the coconut milk and sugar to a boil, stirring occasionally. Give the the pineapple juice/cornstarch mixture a quick re-stir and then add to the saucepan, stirring. Cook for a few minutes on medium-low heat to thicken. Cook for another minute, then remove and use to ice the cake. Chill the cake until the icing stiffens. Refrigerated in a sealed container, the icing will keep for a few days. It can be used again to ice another sponge cake, or as a simple (but sweet!) dessert for one to two people.
Chinese Sponge Cake and Coconut Icing Recipe Copyright 2003 by Rhonda Parkinson. All rights reserved.

Submitter: 
Amna Kazmi
Description: 
A basic Chinese Steamed Sponge Cake is topped with icing made with coconut milk, in a style similar to Hawaiian Haupia.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
50
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
