URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62520082/chicken-cacciatore-with-chorizo/
Title:
Chicken Cacciatore with Chorizo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4-6 chicken pieces, bone-in, skin-on
2 tbsp olive oil
1 cup flour
1 large onion, chopped in 1 inch pieces
1 large red onion, chopped in 1 inch pieces
6-8 mushrooms, quartered
1 red bell pepper, chopped in 1 inch pieces
1 green bell pepper, chopped in 1 inch pieces
3 garlic cloves, minced
1 16 oz can diced tomatoes with herbs and seasonings
1 can or cup chicken broth
1 length hot chorizo, sliced thinly
1 tbsp oregano flakes
1 tsp basil
1 tsp sea salt, divided
1 tsp pepper, divided
Optional, cayenne to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
In a bowl or baggie, place flour, salt and pepper and combine well.  Add the chicken pieces, coating well and shaking off excess.
In a large dutch oven, brown chicken pieces in oil, over medium-high heat, until golden, about 3 minutes per side.  You may need to do this in batches so as not to overcrowd the dutch-oven.
Remove chicken and set aside.  Add all of the chopped vegetables to the oil (adding a dash more oil if necessary) and saute over medium heat for about 5 minutes.  Season with the remaining salt and pepper.
Add the sliced chorizo, the can of tomatoes, the chicken broth, the oregano, basil, and cayenne (if using) and stir well.  Return chicken pieces to the pot, pushing them towards the bottom a bit.
Put the dutch oven into the preheated oven and allow to cook, covered, for 1 1/2 hours.  Check seasonings, and allow a further 1/2 to 3/4 hour.  Remove from oven, and skim any fat from the top of the cacciatore with a spoon.
Serve over rice or pasta, and enjoy!

Submitter: 
Sarah
Description: 
Not one to be overly bound by tradition, this variation has a wonderful flavor and several new twists!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
