URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62524400/zenith-rotini-pasta-salad/
Title:
Zenith Rotini Pasta Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/514468.jpg
Ingredients:
16 oz. Rotini Pasta (Or substitute a lb. of your fave)
2 tsp. sea salt (optional)
1/4 - 1/2 bottle of Kraft Zesty Italian Dressing
1/2 pint of ripe cherry or grape tomatoes, halved
1, 8 oz. block Monterey Jack cheese, cubed (or your fave)
1, 8 oz. block mozzarella cheese, cubed
1/2 6 oz. can sliced black olives (optional)
1/2 6 oz. can sliced mushrooms (portabello or button - optional)
4 pickled artichoke hearts, chopped (optional)
1 Tbsp. grated parmesan cheese
1 tsp. Mrs. Dash Tomato Basil Garlic or Italian seasoning (optional)
Sprinkle of dried mint leaves (optional)
1/4 tsp. garlic powder

Directions:
Add salt to pasta water, then cook pasta according to package directions. Drain and rinse until cooled.
In a large bowl with lid, combine pasta, tomatoes, cheeses, black olives, mushrooms, artichokes, seasonings and finally, the dressing. Secure lid firmly and shake vigorously to thoroughly mix all ingredients. Please note that only the ingredients not listed as optional are required to make this dish. I enjoy them all but not everyone does, and you can still make an awesome pasta salad without them.
Although the pasta salad can be served immediately, it's best when the flavors are allowed to soak into the pasta, for a few hours at least. Be sure to refrigerate during this time and refrigerate any leftovers as well.
For more substance you can add quartered pepperoni slices or cubed ham (about 1/2 - 2/3 a cup should do it), or crumble fresh cooked bacon on top. In a pinch, 5 mozzarella cheese sticks can be sliced in place of the block mozzarella.

Submitter: 
Valetta Gale Cannon
Description: 
This, the pinnacle of my pasta salad stylings, has all of what I think the perfect one contains and none of what I don't. Often I've received requests for its return to the table. My son can't keep his hands out of it. Super simple and quick. Enjoy.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min.
Ready in:
25 min.
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
