URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62526497/bills-best-challah/
Title:
Bill's Best Challah Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/544883.jpg
Ingredients:
4 whole eggs
1/2 cup sugar
1/2 cup vegetable oil
1/4 cup or 60 grams of butter
1 tsp malted barley syrup
1 tsp white vinegar
2 teaspoons salt
1 cup water heated to 120 - 130 degrees farenheit or 50 degrees centingrade
1-1/2 Tbsp or 20 grams of vital wheat gluten
4-1/2 teaspoons or 17 grams of yeast
6 to 7 cups or 1 kilo of high gluten flour (at least 12% protein)

Directions:
Mix eggs, oil, sugar, butter, malted barley syrup, salt and vinegar in a bowl until thoroughly blended.
Add heated water, vital wheat gluten and yeast, mix.
Add flour 2 cups at a time, mix.
Dough should be sticky but workable.  Let rest 20 minutes before kneading.
Turn dough onto a work surface. Knead for approx 6 minutes.  Flour work surface and hands only if absolutely necessary.  By the end of the kneading process dough should be smooth, elastic and still a tiny bit sticky.
At 2 and 4 minutes pick dough up off work surface and slam onto work surface three times.  This is a crucial step if you want your finished loaf to have a pliable and chewy texture.
When done kneading, form dough into ball and place in an oiled bowl.  Turn dough ball over to cover with oil. Cover dough with plastic wrap, cover bowl with a damp hot dish towel (place damp dish towel into a microwave oven for 60 seconds on HI) allowing dough to rise doubling in size (approx 1 hour).
Punch down dough, recover with plastic wrap and hot towel and allow to double again (approx 1 hour).
Turn dough onto a work surface and split into two equal sections.  Split each section into three equal pieces.
Take three pieces and flatten into oblong shape.  Roll each piece into a tight roll using your finger tips, then elongate by rolling between your two hands. Braid three elongated rolls to create a loaf.  Repeat for second section of dough.
Place braided loaves on separate baking sheets, cover with plastic wrap and allow to rise for one hour.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F, remove plastic wrap and bake loaves on baking sheets on middle rack for 25 - 30 minutes or until golden brown.
Place baking sheets on cooling racks and allow loaves to cool before removing from baking sheets.

Submitter: 
Bill Alexander
Description: 
The inspiration for this recipe is from The Best of Bon Appetite and the Brenner Brothers Bakery in Seattle, Washington, with advice from Margaret Ness, Hector Peniche and Alastair Porteus, and my own time tested modifications.Modified from: The World's Best Challah
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
3-1/2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
