URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62528873/guilt-free-slovak-poppy-seed-cake-low-fat-low-sugar/
Title:
Guilt-Free Slovak Poppy Seed Cake-Low Fat, Low Sugar Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/516756.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup margarine (I use Brummel & Brown-yogurt blend)
6 cups sugar substitute (I found that baking sugar subs usually fade-must double just to get the flavor right- granular)
1 can (12 1/2 oz) ground poppy seed filling (Solo)
4 egg whites
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 cup plain yogurt
2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350°F.
Grease and flour or spray with non-stick spray 12-cup bundt pan or 10 inch tube pan and set aside.
Beat margarine and sugar substitute in a large bowl with electric mixer until light and fluffy.
Add poppy seed filling and beat untill blended.
Add vanilla and yogurt and beat just untill blended.
Mix flour, baking soda and salt until blended; add to poppy seed mixture, gradually, beating well after each addition.
In another bowl, beat egg whites with electric mixer until stiff peaks form.
Fold egg whites into batter and spread in prepared pan.
Bake for 60 minutes to one hour 15 minutes or until cake tester inserted in the middle comes out clean.
Cool; Remove from pan and completely cool. Serve immediately!

Submitter: 
WickedCreations
Description: 
This is my version of Poppy Seed Cake and still go back for seconds as this is truly addicting and very moist!! I make my recipe for my birthday cake and I don't feel an inch!! For more sugar free filling, take 1/2 lb of poppy seed, soak in boiling water overnight. Drain, dry and grind through food chopper, using the finest blade. Add 4 tbsp of Maltitol Sweetner, 2 tbsp of sugar substitute, 1 tsp of vanilla extract and mix well, pour into sauce pan, slowly come to a boil-stirring constantly after a few minutes-cool. Viola!! You have sugar-free poppy seed filling!!! Diabetic Friendly.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
