URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62521577/asparagus-puffs/
Title:
Asparagus Puffs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb asparagus
2 tbsp olive oil
½ tsp kosher salt
¼ tsp black pepper
1 tbsp chopped shallots
¼ tsp minced fresh thyme
¼ c white wine
¾ c heavy cream
2 tbsp grated Parmesan cheese
1 sheet puff pastry, defrosted in fridge overnight
1 whole egg + 1 egg yolk (egg wash)

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 350º
2. Wash asparagus in cold water, dry with paper towels. Cut stalks diagonally into ¼" slices, discarding the tough fibrous ends
3. Heat olive oil in sauté pan over med heat; add asparagus & sauté for 1 min, giving pan a stir or toss to heat all of asparagus slices
4. Add salt, pepper, shallots & thyme; stir to combine & cook for 1 min. Add wine & cook down until almost dry.  Add heavy cream; cook to reduce cream by half (it will begin to thicken)
5. Add Parmesan cheese & stir until cheese is melted and smooth.  Bring to simmer, then remove from heat & spread mixture over a plate or pan. Let cool at room temperature, then place in fridge & cool completely.
6. While asparagus mixture is cooling, mix egg yolk & whole egg for an egg wash
7. Cut puff pastry sheet into 2½" x 2½" squares & brush the pastry with half of the egg wash (reserve remaining egg wash for just before baking)
8. Place 1-1½ tsp of chilled asparagus filling in the middle of each pastry square. 1 at a time, place each piece of pastry in palm of hand, lift 2 opposite corners & pinch together over filling. Place pointed side up on baking sheet & chill for 30 minutes in the refrigerator
9. Once chilled, one at a time, again place each filled pastry in the palm of your hand and pinch together the remaining two opposite sides to form a purse shape (doesn't have to be perfect and some filling will spill out during baking but that's OK), and brush with remaining egg wash
10. Bake for 25-30 min until golden brown & serve warm from oven

Submitter: 
bfrogjules
Description: 
Chopped asparagus is simmered with white wine, cream and Parmesan cheese. Puff pastry, portioned with a wheel cutter, is wrapped around the filling and forms a crispy, golden bundle that makes an impressive cocktail-hour hor d'oeuvre or the perfect snack while just hanging out.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
