URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62522587/rosemary-scented-pork-loin-stuffed-with-roasted-garlic-dried-apricots-apples-and-cranberries-with-port-wine-pan-sauce/
Title:
Rosemary-Scented Pork Loin Stuffed With Roasted Garlic, Dried Apricots, Apples and Cranberries with Port Wine Pan Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (8 pound) whole boneless pork loin, patted dry, at room temperature
6 tablespoons olive oil
16 whole peeled garlic cloves, coarse chopped
2 tablespoons minced garlic cloves
Kosher course ground salt and freshly ground pepper
4 tablespoons crushed rosemary (minced fresh is better, snip with scissors), divided in half
16 dried apricots (or similar amount of your favorite dried fruit)
16 dried apple slices
1/3 cup dried cranberries
Heavy kitchen string or cotton twine
1/2 cup apple jelly
3/4 cup port wine
1 1/2 cup chicken broth
6 tablespoons (1/4 cup + 2 tablespoons) apple jelly
2 tablespoons cornstarch
6 tablespoons (1/4 cup + 2 tablespoons) cold water

Directions:
Adjust oven rack to upper-middle position and heat oven to 325 degrees.
Heat oil in small skillet over medium-low heat. Add chopped garlic cloves and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft and golden, about 5 min . Remove with slotted spoon; reserve oil.
Turn pork loin fat-side down. Slit lengthwise, almost but not quite all the way through, to form a long pocket, leaving 1/2-inch border of unslit meat at each end. Brush cavity with some of the reserved garlic cooking oil, and sprinkle generously with salt and pepper and half the rosemary. Line cavity with sauteed garlic apricots, apples, & cranberries. Tie loin together with kitchen twine at 1 1/2-inch intervals. Brush with remaining oil, and sprinkle generously with salt and pepper.
Set roast, fat-side up, diagonally or curved (so it fits) on a large, lipped cookie sheet or jellyroll pan. Warm larger amount of apple jelly along with the minced garlic and remaining rosemary. Brush mixture onto meat.
Roast until a meat thermometer stuck into the center registers 125 to 130 degrees. (Start checking at about 1 1/2 hours.) Remove from oven; raise oven temp to 400 degrees. Brush loin with pan drippings, return to oven, and continue to roast until the loin is golden brown and a meat thermometer stuck into the center registers 155 to 160 degrees, about 20 minutes longer. For even more attractive coloring, broil until spotty brown, 3 to 5 minutes.
Let roast rest 15 to 20 minutes; transfer to a carving board. Stir juices around pan to loosen brown bits. Pour through a strainer into a small pan, and stir in port, chicken broth and remaining jelly; bring to a simmer. Mix cornstarch with the cold water; whisk into sauce. Simmer until lightly thickened. Slice pork and serve with a little sauce.

Submitter: 
Micah Funk
Description: 
Pork loin roast - appealing price for making a meal that will make guests rave about such wonderful tasting food! 
Be prepared to take requests to make it again and again.Modified from: Rosemary-Scented Pork Loin Stuffed With Roasted Garlic, Dried Apricots and Cranberries and Port Wine Pan Sauce
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 hr
Ready in:
20 min
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
