URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62525347/butter-tarts-and-pate-brisee/
Title:
Butter Tarts and Pâte Brisée Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Pate Brisee (Short Crust Pastry):
1 1/4 cups (175 grams) all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon (14 grams) granulated white sugar
1/2 cup (113 grams) unsalted butter, chilled, and cut into 1 inch (2.54 cm) pieces
1/8 to 1/4 cup (30 - 60 ml) ice water
Butter Tart Filling:
1/3 cup (70 grams) unsalted butter, softened
1 cup (215 grams) light brown sugar
2 large eggs
1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
1/4 cup (60 ml) light cream (half-and-half) (10% butterfat)
1/2 cup raisins or 1/2 cup pecans or walnuts (toasted and chopped) (optional)
1/4 cup coconut (optional based on nut if any used)

Directions:
Pate Brisee:  In a food processor, place the flour, salt, and sugar and process until combined. Add the butter and process until the mixture resembles coarse meal (about 15 seconds). Pour 1/8 cup (30 ml) water in a slow, steady stream, through the feed tube until the dough just holds together when pinched.  If necessary, add more water. Do not process more than 30 seconds.
Turn the dough onto your work surface and gather into a ball. Flatten into a disk, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for about one hour before using. This will chill the butter and relax the gluten in the flour.
After the dough has chilled sufficiently, place on a lightly floured surface, roll out the dough and cut into 12 - 4 inch (10 cm) rounds. (To prevent the pastry from sticking to the counter and to ensure uniform thickness, keep lifting up and turning the pastry a quarter turn as you roll (always roll from the center of the pastry outwards). Gently place the rounds into a 12-cup muffin tin. Cover and place in the refrigerator for about 30 minutes to firm up the dough. Next, make the filling.
Note: I have taken the chilled dough, pressed flat about 1-2'' thick, and frozen.
Butter Tart Filling: In the bowl of your electric mixer, or with a hand mixer, cream the butter and sugar. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, and then the vanilla extract. Stir in the cream. If using nuts and/or raisins, place a spoonful in the bottom of each tart shell and then fill the unbaked tart shells with the filling. Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for about 15 - 20 minutes or until the pastry has nicely browned and the filling is set. Remove from oven and place on a wire rack to cool. Serve at room temperature or chilled.
Makes 12 - 4 inch tarts. I usually make at least 2x recipe

Submitter: 
bantafarm
Description: 
I found this recipe years ago on here, and can't find the original, so here's my tested and approved version... every holiday season, or special occasion everyone demands I bring these. It's a traditional Canadian treat, and I've been making them for years! I can't bring them anywhere without demands for more next time. Make sure you read the footnotes for some great alterations, as both pastry and filling are very versatile.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 mins. - 90 mins.
Ready in:
45 mins.
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
