URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62527987/bourbon-spice-pecan-smashed-sweet-potatoes/
Title:
Bourbon & Spice Pecan Smashed Sweet Potatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Autumn Spiced Nuts:
1 cup chopped pecans
2 tablespoons packed brown sugar
1/4 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice or cinnamon (I prefer the pie spice)
2 teaspoons unsalted butter
1 tablespoon light corn syrup
1 teaspoon water
Sweet Potato Casserole:
3 medium size sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into chunks
3 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces
3 tablespoons packed brown sugar
2 ounces bourbon (Use a good quality, I like Maker's Mark)
1/2 cup cream or half 'n half
1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350. Three shallow baking pans (jelly roll) - spray 1 with butter flavored spray, 1 line with waxed paper and lightly spray paper; set both aside. On ungreased shallow baking pan evenly spread the pecans. Lightly toast in oven for 4 - 6 minutes stirring every 2 minutes, making sure pecans do not get too brown or burn. Remove from oven (keep oven on) set aside. In small bowl combine sugar and spice; set aside. In small non-stick skillet melt butter and corn syrup together, stirring, until bubbly. Add pecans, sugar mixture and water to syrup mixture in pan (be careful, the mixture will bubble up when water is added). Continue to cook over medium heat stirring for 1 minute until pecans are well coated. Immediately pour onto sprayed pan (not with waxed paper) and spread out evenly to form a shallow mound in center of pan (helps prevent the nuts from burning). Bake in oven 2 minutes, stir, arrange back into shallow mound and bake another 2 minutes. (Do to oven variences you may find you need to do this 1 or 2 more times until nuts are nicely browned and coated with glaze, but do not over cook or they will taste burned.) Immediately pour onto waxed line pan and spead out in single layer; cool completely and break apart into small clusters.
Sweet Potato Casserole: Preheat oven 350. Bring a medium pot of water to boil, add sweet potatoes and cook 12 - 15 minutes until very tender. Drain potatoes and set aside. In a pan melt the butter and add brown sugar; cook until bubbly. Add bourbon and cook out alcohol 1 minute. Add cream or 1/2 & 1/2. nutmeg and sweet potatoes, smash with potato masher, put into buttered casserole baking dish. Bake for 20-25 minutes. Sprinkle pecans on top and serve.

Submitter: 
FunwithFood
Description: 
Sweet potato casserole perection! No marshmallows found here! Perfectly sweetened creamy sweet potatoes become exceptional with the touch of vanilla caramel sweetness from the bourbon. Top it all with sweetly spiced crunchy glazed pecans. A Thanksgiving tradition in our family!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
1 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
