URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62526549/buffalo-chicken-buns/
Title:
Buffalo Chicken Buns Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup margarine
1/2 cup diced bell pepper
1/2 cup diced onion
1/4 cup favorite hot sauce (such as Frank's)or adjust to taste
2 teaspoons McCormick Perfect Pinch Rotisserie Chicken Seasoning
2 teaspoons Fajita seasoning
3-4 good dashes hickory flavored Liquid Smoke
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon onion powder
2 teaspoons McCormick Perfect Pinch Roasted Garlic & Bell Pepper seasoning
2 boneless skinless chicken breasts cleaned of fat and diced
1/2 teaspoon dried parsley (optional)
salt and pepper to taste (Optional)
"Quick and Easy Pizza Crust" dough DOUBLED (found on this site.) Cut into 12 equal portions and rolled into 1/4 inch thick rounds.

Directions:
Place margarine, onion, and bell peppers into a non-stick pan, cook until soft.
Add all seasonings except parsley and salt and pepper.
Add diced chicken. Cook until chicken is no longer pink. Add parsley (optional) and salt & pepper to taste (optional). Cook 1 minute more. Turn off heat and set aside.
DOUBLE the recipe for the Quick and Easy Pizza Crust dough recipe found on this site. INSTEAD of Rolling into a big pizza shape at the end of that recipe, roll into a 2" wide tube shape. Cut into 12 equal pieces. Roll those into balls and using a rolling pin flatten into a 1/4" thick round.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees.
Place 2 heaping Tablespoons of the chicken mixture in the middle of each round. Fold edges together on top and pinch closed. (Make sure they are really pinched shut, moisten edges with a bit of water or egg wash if you like.)
Place on two large greased cookie sheets and bake 20 minutes or until crust is golden. Let rest 5 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Mrs. T. Davis
Description: 
These buns are absolutely delicious! You will want to eat more! My family and friends love them! These also freeze and reheat wonderfully! But you might not have any left to freeze.) Makes 12 good-sized filled buns or make them as big or small as you desire. This recipe is very versatile. Try other fillings! They will sure to be a big hit!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min.
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
