URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62528795/all-time-favorite-macaroni-and-cheese/
Title:
All Time Favorite Macaroni and Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/520648.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cups sturdy but short noodles (like Penne Rigate or Sea Shells)
1/4 cup unsalted butter
1/4 cup all purpose flour
1 1/2 cup chicken stock
1 1/2 cup heavy cream
1/4 cup bagel breadcrumbs (can use regular bread)
3 1/4 cups mild cheddar cheese
Salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees
Cook pasta until almost done, still a bit firm (al dente). Drain and set aside.
While pasta is cooking, start sauce. Melt butter and slowly whisk in flour. Constantly stir over low heat until mixture turns a light golden brown (5-7 minutes).
Gradually whisk in chicken broth until smooth.
Increase heat to medium high.Add cream and whisk constantly until mixture comes to a boil (3-5 minutes).  Its important to keep it moving until you see the boil or the flour will separate. Once boiling, back down heat and continue to stir frequently until mixture has reduced to a thick consistency (10-15 minutes).
Remove from heat. Gradually stir in 3 cups cheddar cheese. Add salt and pepper to taste.
Fold in pasta and transfer to a baking dish.
Sprinkle with 1/4 cup of cheddar and bread crumbs and bake 30-35 minutes until golden and bubbly.

Submitter: 
Sweet_CarolineS
Description: 
Creamy and delicious mac 'n' cheese recipe. I had tried several before deciding this was the one to stick with. I think the chicken broth is the ingredient that had been lacking. It breaks up the fat just enough so that the cheese stays creamy. The bagel crumbs for a topping gives it a little sweetness, but not so much as adding nutmeg. I like this recipe for the simplicity of the taste and for its texture. I'm not big on adding a lot of competing flavors to the simply delicious American favorite. Plus, its hard to get a homemade mac 'n' cheese that doesn't break apart and become gloppy.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
