URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62528498/the-moistest-turkey-ever---dry-brine/
Title:
The Moistest Turkey Ever - Dry Brine Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (20 lb.) fresh turkey
4 TB kosher salt
12 TB softened butter
3 TB fresh thyme
2 TB fresh chopped parsley
2 TB fresh chopped sage
2 lemons, halved
3 stalks celery cut into chunks
2 med. onions cut into chunks
2 cups chicken broth
salt
pepper

Directions:
Wash the turkey and remove the giblets. Pat dry.
Put aside 1 tablespoon of salt for every 5 pounds of turkey. Add 1 TB chopped thyme. Halve the quantity if using dried herbs.
Sprinkle the inside of the turkey with the salt mixture. Put the turkey on its back and sprinkle salt mixture on the breasts using 2 TB total.
Turn the turkey on one side and sprinkle the salt mixture, then turn it over and do the other side. This uses up the rest of the salt mixture.
Put the turkey in a plastic bag and put it in the fridge for 3 days. Turn it and rub the salt into the skin every day through the bag. You can do this for less then 3 days, but it will taste better if it sits longer.
Remove the turkey from the bag. Pat the turkey dry with a paper towel, place it breast-side up on a plate and refrigerate uncovered for at least 8 hours or longer so the skin will crisp during cooking. Remove 1 hour before baking.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Put 1 onion, 2 celery stalks, and the lemons into the front and back turkey cavities.
Soften the butter and set aside 6 TB. Mix in the rest of the chopped herbs with the other 6 TB of butter. Loosen the skin (without tearing it) under the breast with the back of a spoon or a rubber scraper. Using a spoon, slide the butter/herb mixture under the skin as far as possible.
Rub the outside of the turkey, especially the breast, with the rest of the softened butter.
Sprinkle the turkey with salt and pepper, or use your favorite seasoning salt.
Put the turkey in a roasting pan on a rack, breast side up. Pour the chicken broth in the bottom for basting and add remaining vegetables. The broth should be used for gravy after cooking.
Roast the turkey until a thermometer in the thigh reads 165 degrees, basting periodically.

Submitter: 
leith123
Description: 
This is a dry salt brining method, and it makes the most amazing turkey you've ever had. You have to start 2-3 days in advance but it's worth it.  It's much less messy than wet brining. The turkey is juicy and tender, and the meat has great texture. This turkey can also be stuffed (unlike wet brined ones) because it's not too salty, and the juices can be used for gravy. 
The technique came from the LA Times with lots of changes and additions of my own.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
3-4 d total
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
