URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62524376/fall-pumpkin-spice-ice-cream-pie/
Title:
Fall Pumpkin Spice Ice Cream Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/514461.jpg
Ingredients:
Crust:
1 1/2 Cups Graham Crackers, finely crushed
3 Tablespoons Butter, melted
2 Teaspoons Ground Cinnamon
Ice Cream:
1 1/2 Cup Heavy Cream
1/2 Cup Milk
1/2 Cup White Granulated Sugar
1 Teaspoon Vanilla
1 Cup Canned Pumpkin
1 1/4 Teaspoons Ground Cinnamon
1/2 Teaspoon Nutmeg
1/4 Teaspoon Ground Ginger
1/4 Teaspoon Allspice
3/4 Cup Powdered Sugar
Toppings:
1 Cup Whipped Cream
Caramel Sauce (optional)
Chocolate Sauce (optional)
Reese's Cups (optional)
Ground Cinnamon (optional)

Directions:
1.) Finely crush graham crackers. Melt butter. Mix melted butter and crushed graham crackers together until crackers are moistened. Add cinnamon and pour mixture into a springform pan. Pat the crust firmly into the bottom of the pan. Bake 5 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to cool completely.
2.) Whisk together ice cream ingredients except for the powdered sugar until well blended. Pour mixture into your ice cream maker and make ice cream according to directions of your unit. Once ice cream is finished, remove from the maker into a mixing bowl. Add powdered sugar and mix well.
3.) Once the crust has cooled and the ice cream is finished, pour ice cream carefully over the crust in the springform pan. Freeze 4 or more hours before serving. Store in the freezer until ready to serve.

Submitter: 
House of Aqua
Description: 
Enjoy this fall spiced homemade pumpkin ice cream and graham cracker crust. You can top this with anyway you prefer. I have had tried this with chocolate and caramel sauces with whipped cream and chopped Reese’s Cup on top. You can keep it simple with whipped cream piped on, caramel sauce, and a sprinkle of cinnamon.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
5 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
