URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62521205/divine-beef-mushroom-and-barley-soup/
Title:
Divine Beef, Mushroom and Barley Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound beef stew meat, cut in to bite-sized peices
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 large onion, chopped
3 cloves garlic, finely chopped
4 stalks celery, chopped
3 large carrots, cubed
2 12 oz. bottles of good, dark beer (or 3 cups good red wine)
6 cups beef stock
1 bay leaf
3 sprigs fresh thyme
1/3 cup pearl barley
1 lb. crimini (baby portabella) mushrooms, roughly diced
1 lb. button mushrooms, roughly diced
fresh ground pepper to taste
Worchestershire sauce to taste
Extra beef stock or water and bullion to adjust thickness

Directions:
Season the meat generously with salt and fresh ground pepper.
Heat one tablespoon of olive oil in the bottom of a large pot on medium high.  Once the pan is warm, add the beef in a single layer on the bottom of the pan.  Allow the beef to carmelize on one side (about 3-5 min) and then stir once it is dark brown.  Brown at least one more surface of the meat.  Remove the meat and set aside.
Add the other tablespoon of olive oil.  Once the oil is hot add the onion and cook until translucent.  Add the garlic and cook until fragrant.  Add the celery and carrots and cook for 2 minutes.
Pour half a bottle of beer in to the hot pan.  While the beer is boiling, scrape the bottom of the pan vigorously with a spoon to deglaze and remove the bits at the bottom.
Add the rest of the beer and the beef stock.  Bring to a boil on high heat, then reduce to a simmer.  Add the bay leaf and season with fresh ground pepper and Worchestershire sauce (probably a dash or two will do).
Allow the soup to simmer at least two hours, until the beef is tender.
Add the barley, thyme, and both types of mushrooms.  Cook about 45 minutes, until the barley is tender.
If necessary, season again with pepper and Worchestershire sauce. If any fat has risen to the top, skim off. Remove the thyme stems and the bay leaf.  If the liquid has gotten too low, add extra stock.

Submitter: 
Coco
Description: 
I was looking for a beef, mushroom and barley soup for a special occasion dinner.  Nothing I found had the wow factor, so I developed this recipe.  Good beer or wine and herbs dress up this simple, homey recipe.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
