URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62537827/make-it-your-way-griddlers/
Title:
Make It Your Way Griddlers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/521859.jpg
Ingredients:
Your favorite pancake mix (depending how much you make will determine how many griddlers will be made)
Drops of Syrup:
1/2 cup of flour
1/3 cup of packed light brown sugar
1/4 cup of maple syrup

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
Spray large muffin pans (oversized muffins) with non-stick and set aside.
Make pancake mix accordingly in a medium bowl and set aside.
To make Drops of Syrup:
In a small bowl, pour flour into bowl.
In center of flour, add brown sugar and maple syrup pour ontop of sugar.
Take a fork and "cut" into flour, incorporating it.  It should look like crumbles but very moist like sand.
Add to pancake batter by folding crumbles into batter-do not blend!! (if you make small batch like I did, do not pour all of the drops in, you should have at least 1/3-1/2 cup left over-batter should be "speckled" with drops of syrup)
Pour two tablespoons in each muffin cup of batter.
Bake for about 10-15 minutes (varies) or till tops are puffed and no longer glossy-they should not be golden.
Carefully take two forks and flip each griddler and bake for additional 2 minutes.
Immediately remove.
Assemble griddler with your favorite fillings-eggs, cheese, sausage, etc. making the bottoms right side up and the tops inside the sandwich for better hold and presention.  Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
WickedCreations
Description: 
Love a certain fast-food joint's sweet pancake sandwich but want to make it at home?!  Now you can!!!  Make it light, any style, any way you like it.. with your own favorite pancake mix with drops of maple syrup inside with no mess from the syrup!! Great for On The Go, school-aged kids, make-ahead, freezer-friendly!! Kid-Approved!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
