URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62539267/a-chicken-parmesan/
Title:
A+ Chicken Parmesan Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 boneless, skinless, chicken breasts
2 tbsp olive oil
For Marinara:
1 tbsp olive oil
1 small onion, diced
1 clove garlic, diced
6 black olives, diced
1 16 oz can crushed tomatoes
1 tbsp tomato paste
1/4 cup water or broth
1 tsp basil
1 tsp oregano
1/2 tsp salt
1/2 tsp pepper
1 tsp sugar
For Breading mix:
1 1/2 cups dry breadcrumbs
1 tsp garlic powder
1/2 tsp basil
1/2 tsp salt
1/2 tsp pepper
1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1 egg, beaten
To Finish:
1 ball of fresh mozzarella or 2 cups grated
4 fresh basil leaves, optional
cooked buttered noodles
Parmesan cheese
fresh parsley for garnish, optional

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375.
In a small stock-pot, heat olive oil over medium-high heat.  Add the onion and garlic, saute for 5 minutes until softened.  Add the olives, the crushed tomatoes, the tomato paste, the water, the basil, the oregano, and the salt, pepper, and sugar.  Bring to a simmer, and cook, covered, over low heat for 20 minutes or until needed.
In a bowl or pie plate, combine the breadcrumbs, garlic powder, basil, parmesan cheese, salt and pepper.  In a separate bowl, beat the egg.  Dip the chicken first in the egg, then in the breadcrumbs, coating well.
In a large oven-proof skillet, heat olive oil over medium-high heat.  Brown the chicken on each side, about 3 minutes or until golden.
Pour marinara sauce over top of chicken breasts, then place two thick slices of fresh mozzarella on top of each.  If using, place 1 fresh basil leaf in the middle of a slice of the mozzarella for a pretty effect. Bake, uncovered, for 30-35 minutes, or until chicken is cooked and juices run clear.  Serve over noodles of your choice, with extra parmesan cheese to taste.  Garnish with fresh parsley, and enjoy!

Submitter: 
Sarah
Description: 
Loved by adults and kids alike, this flavorful meal is sure to make your regular week-night roster!  Serve with pasta of your choice and a green salad.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
