URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62539311/clean-eating-blueberry-strudel/
Title:
Clean Eating Blueberry Strudel Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
• Olive oil cooking spray
• 2 cups blueberries, fresh or frozen
• 1 tbsp honey
• 1/8 tsp sea salt
• 1/2 tsp cinnamon
• 1/4 tsp nutmeg
• 1 tsp lemon juice
• 2 tsp arrowroot flour
• 10 phyllo sheets (each about 9 x 14-inch; 5 per strudel)
• 1 tbsp maple flakes

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375ºF. Spray baking sheet lightly with cooking spray. At the stove, place next 6 ingredients in a medium saucepan. Turn heat on medium-high and cook until blueberries are bubbly and hot, about 3 to 4 minutes, and then adjust temperature setting to low.
In a small bowl, whisk together flour and 2 tbsp water and slowly pour into blueberry mixture, stirring constantly until thickened. Remove from heat and set aside.
Place 1 phyllo sheet on the counter and mist lightly with cooking spray. Top with another sheet and mist again. Repeat until there are 5 sheets layered (don’t spray the final piece). Holding phyllo sheets lengthwise in front of you, scoop 3/4 cup of blueberry filling and spread it in a 12 x 1-inch section, leaving a 1-inch border around dough. Fold ends in lightly, and then fold the 1-inch nearest to you over the filling. Gently fold the filling, enclosing it in phyllo dough, being careful to keep the final width at least 2 1/2 to 3 inches.
Place the folded strudel onto baking sheet and then assemble the second pastry, placing it about 2 inches away from the first. Spray both finished pieces lightly with cooking spray and sprinkle with maple flakes. Bake for 13 to 14 minutes until golden brown. Remove from oven and cool for at least 5 minutes. Using a sharp serrated knife, slice them into 2-inch pieces diagonally.

Submitter: 
GymRat
Description: 
Combine light and flaky phyllo dough with the comforting warmth of blueberries for a truly divine dessert without the heavy flavor (and fat!) of traditional pastry desserts.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
35
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
