URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62530832/fruit-water-and-vegetable-juices/
Title:
Fruit Water and Vegetable Juices Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Melon Water.  Pour a handful of ripe cataloupe, watermelon (or other melon-like fruit such as mango or papaya, or even plum or peaches) in the blender, without skins or seeds.  Blend 1 minute.  Add ice and water, two to three times the quantity, and buzz again, Serve immediately.
Strawberry Water.  Just hull and wash eight or ten berries and blend them in a quart of icy cold water.  No need to strain.
Fresh Pineapple-Mint Water.  One slice of fresh pineapple, core removed and peeled, blended with two or three fresh mint leaves in 3-4 cups of water. Garnish with fruit chunks and mint.  Experiment with other fruit, but keep in mind that most berries have large seeds, and require both time and mess, but if you don't mind you can mash, then squeeze through several layers of cheese cloth, and extract 1/2 cup of berry juice. Add juice to 3-4 cups cold water, plus a squeeze of fresh lemon.
Herbal Sun Teas.  In a 1/2 gallon or gallon-sized glass jar place four or five bags of your favorite herbal tea, or a handful of bulk herbs in several layers of cheesecloth, tied with a twine, dangled over the side.  Cover the jar and leave in the full sun for a few hours, and return to find excellent herbal tea.  It tastes great as is, or chilled.
Vegetable Juices.  Cucumber Cooler.  Wash a fresh, unwaxed cuke, chunk it and toss it, skin and all in the blender.  Buzz it thoroughly, then 2-3 cups very cold water.  Serve it over ice, with a dash of salt.  Try the same thing with a ripe tomato or two, or blend with the cucumber and water.  These can be "zippier" with a bit of onion or salsa.  Strain, if you prefer, or just savor the "lumps."

Directions:
See ingredients

Submitter: 
daf
Description: 
Fruits which work best are those which are the juiciest and most fully ripened, so that you do not need to add any sweetening.  What you are looking for is delicate, light, and very refreshing.  Some will be more pulpy than others, but if you strain them you tend to lose not only the nutrients, but the flavor and color.  Just stir before pouring.  PCC 1987??
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
varies
Ready in:
varies
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
