URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62537357/wild-mushroom-soup/
Title:
Wild Mushroom Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/521457.jpg
Ingredients:
10 oz fresh wild muschrooms such as chanterelle, oyster and/or shiitake
12 oz fresh cultivated white mushrooms
5 tablespoons butter
12 shallots, sliced
3 leeks, white part and 1 inch of the green, halved lengthwise, carefully rinsed and sliced crosswise
1/4 cup flour
5 cups beef stock or canned low-sodium broth
5 cups chicken stock or canned low-sodium broth
2.5 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon
salt and freshly ground pepper
3/4 cup heavy cream, chilled
1/3 cup brandy

Directions:
Brush the muschrooms clean. If using shiitakes, cut off the tough stems; trim the stem ends of the other mushrooms, Slice all the mushrooms. Set aside.
In a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter.  When hot, add the shallots and leeks and saute, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Add all the mushrooms and saute, stirring frequently, until soft, anbout 5 minutes. Add the flour and cook, stirring constatnly, for 3 minutes. Gradually pour in the beef stock or broth and chicken stock or broth, stirring untill the liquid is smooth, and then add 1.5 tablespoons of the tarragon.  Raise the heat to high and bring to a boil stirring constantly.  Reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer, uncovred, for 20 minutes to blend the flaors.  Season to taste with salt and pepper.
Meanwhile, in a bowl, using a whish or an electric mixer set on high speed, beat the cream until soft peaks form. Using a rubber spatual, fold in remained 1 tablespoon tarragon.  Season to taste with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate until serving.
Just before serving, mix the brandy into the soup. Ladle the soup into warmed bowls. Top each with a heaping tablespoon of the tarragon cream and serve.

Submitter: 
Rudy Torrijos III
Description: 
Tarragon flavored whipped cream gives this delicate soup a luxurious flinish.  For more depth of flavor, use a variety of mushrooms.  Many so-called wild mushrooms-chanterelle, shiitake, oyster--are now cultivated and can be found in well-stocked food stores.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
