URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62538579/german-sourdough-twist-cookies/
Title:
German Sourdough Twist Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3.5c Flour, sifted
1t salt
.5c unsalted Butter
.5c shortening
.75oz fast acting Yeast
.25c warm water
.75c heavy sour cream
1 whole egg
2 egg yolks
1t vanilla extract
Granulated sugar
3c chopped or ground pecans

Directions:
Mix yeast and warm water, set aside to bloom.
In separate bowl, beat egg, egg yolks, vanilla, and sour cream together until combined.
In large bowl, cut butter and shortening into flour until coarse meal is formed.
Add wet ingredients and yeast mixture to flour mixture, mix with hands until well combined. Cover with plastic wrap and leave in refrigerator at least 2 hours (over night is better!)
After dough has risen, preheat oven to 375F. Roll one half of the dough out on a well sugared surface into a rectangle measuring roughly 8"x16".
Sprinkle one fourth of the grounds nuts and a handful of sugar onto center third of panel. Fold over one third of dough and repeat with the nuts and sugar. Fold over remaining third, reposition dough 90 degrees on board, and roll out again. Repeat this entire process a second time.
After dough has been rolled out the third time, cut dough into .75" wide strips. Twist the strips gently and curl into a neat 'bun' or 'twist' resembling a cinnamon roll.
Bake for about 15 minutes, or until just before cookies begin to turn brown, on an ungreased cookie sheet.
Repeat process with remaining half of dough.

Submitter: 
The Viking Bunny
Description: 
My Grandma Barbara clipped this recipe from a local newspaper article for holiday recipes in the late 60's.

When I was 5, for some unfathomable reason, I hated this cookie enough to throw it in the trash and attempt to throw everyone else's cookie away, too, before they had a chance to try it. However, as I grew up, this cookie recipe become one of the mainstays for my holiday fare. I can't immagine Thanksgiving or any other winter holiday without these cookies!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
3 h
Ready in:
minimum 4 h
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
