URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62532614/tuna-noodle-casserole-from-scratch-but-healthier/
Title:
Tuna Noodle Casserole from Scratch but Healthier Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/537178.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup butter, divided
1 (8 ounce) package uncooked medium egg noodles
1/2 medium onion, finely chopped
1 stalk celery, finely chopped
1 clove garlic, minced
8 ounces button mushrooms, sliced
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup low sodium fat-free chicken stock
1 cup fat-free evaporated milk
1/2 tsp marjoram
1/2 tsp nutmeg
1/2 tsp crushed red pepper
salt and pepper to taste
2 (6 ounce) cans tuna, drained and flaked
1 cup frozen peas, thawed
3 tablespoons bread crumbs
2 tablespoons butter, melted
1 cup shredded extra sharp Cheddar cheese

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C).
Coat a medium baking dish with nonfat cooking spray.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add egg noodles, cook for 8 to 10 minutes, until al dente, and drain.
Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a skillet over medium-low heat. Stir in the onion, celery, and garlic, and cook 5 minutes, until tender. Increase heat to medium-high, and mix in mushrooms. Continue to cook and stir 5 minutes, or until most of the liquid has evaporated.
Melt 4 tablespoons butter in a medium saucepan, and whisk in flour until smooth. Gradually whisk in milk, and continue cooking 5 minutes, until sauce is smooth and slightly thickened. Season with marjoram, nutmeg, red pepper, salt and pepper.
Stir in tuna, peas, mushroom mixture, and cooked noodles. Transfer to the baking dish.
Melt remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a small bowl, mix with bread crumbs, and sprinkle over the casserole. Top with cheese.
Bake 25 minutes in the preheated oven, or until bubbly and lightly browned.

Submitter: 
Gary J. Morin
Description: 
Inspired by comments from cookinggardener and KPZ111.  No canned soup mix in this recipe! Mushrooms, onions, celery, and peas all go into this comfort casserole.Modified from: Tuna Noodle Casserole from Scratch
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
