URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62535387/dannys-shrimp-and-grits/
Title:
Danny's Shrimp and Grits Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Grits
2 cups milk
4 tablespoons butter
2 cups water
1 cup quick cooking grits
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1/2 cup shredded sharp cheddar cheese
Salt and pepper, to taste
Shrimp
4 slices bacon, chopped
½ medium onion, diced fine
2 cloves garlic, minced
1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper
2 tablespoons all purpose flour
12 oz smoked turkey sausage, cut into small dice
4 cups low-sodium beef stock
8 oz sliced mushrooms
1 ½ lbs medium shrimp (31-40 per pound), peeled and deveined, if necessary
Salt and pepper to taste
Scallions – chopped for garnish

Directions:
To prepare the grits: In a heavy bottomed saucepan, combine the milk, butter and water and bring to a rolling boil. Slowly add the grits, whisking constantly to prevent lumps. Reduce the heat and simmer, stirring frequently, about 5 minutes until thickened. Season grits with salt, pepper and cayenne pepper. Remove from heat and stir in the cheese.  Set aside while preparing the shrimp.
To prepare the shrimp: Over medium-low heat, fry bacon until crispy.  Remove from pan with slotted spoon and set aside.  Add onions and garlic. Saute 6-8 minutes until soft and translucent, but not browned. Add flour, sausage and cayenne pepper and cook stirring constantly for about 3 minutes. Slowly stir in beef stock and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook about 10 minutes, until the sauce is thickened and slightly reduced. Add mushrooms and shrimp, stirring occasionally, about 3 minutes just until the shrimp is cooked through. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
Serve: Divide the cooked grits among 4 serving plates and top with the shrimp mixture. Garnish with chopped scallions and bacon and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Danny Gilchrist
Description: 
Bogart's Shrimp and Grits
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
