URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62537691/cider-glazed-turkey-with-cider-shallot-gravy/
Title:
Cider-Glazed Turkey with Cider Shallot Gravy Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/521732.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cups apple cider or apple juice
3/4 cup butter, at room temperature
2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme or 2 teaspoons dried thyme
1 turkey 15 lb, neck and giblets reserved for making stock
salt and fresh ground pepper
Gravy
6 tablespoons butter
3 oz shallots, sliced
2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme or 2 teaspoons dried thyme
6 tablespoons all-purspose (plain) flour
about 4.5 cups turkey stock
3 tablespoons Calvados, applejack or brandy
salt and freshly ground pepper
fresh thyme sprigs, optional

Directions:
To prepare the turkey, in a saucepan over high heat, bring the cider or juice to a boil; boil until reduced to 1 cup, about 30 minutes. Set aside 1/2 cup. Mix the butter and thyme into the remaining 1/2 cup cider or juice; refrigerate until cold.  Position a rack in the lower third of an over and preheat to 325F. Rinse the turkey inside and out and dry with paper towels. Discard any pieces of fat from the cavities. Place the turkey on a rack in a large roasting pan. Spread the cider butter inside and over the outside of the turkey. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Tie the legs together. Tuck the wing tips under the body.
Roast for 45 minutes, then baste with the pan juices. Continue roasting, basting every 20 minutes and covering with aluminum foil when dark brown, until and instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh away from the bone registers 180F, about 2/12 hours longer. Transfer to a platter, cover loosely with foil and let stand for 20 minutes. Pour the pan juices into a large measuring pitcher; skim off and discard the fat.
To make the gravy, in a sourcepan over medium-high heat, melt the butter. Add the shallots and thyme and saute until the shallots are golden brown, about 8 minutes. Add the flour and cook, stirring frequently, utnil browned, about 5 minutes. Add enough stock to the pan juices to measure 5 cups. Gradually whisk the stock mixture into the butter mixture. Bring to a boil, whisking frequently. Mix int he reduced cider or juice and boil until thickened, about 10 minutes. Mix in the Calvadoes or other brandy and return to a boil. Season with salt and pepper.
Garnish the turkey with thyme sprigs, if desided, and carve at the table. Serve with G gravy.

Submitter: 
Rudy Torrijos III
Description: 
Yum.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
