URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62538319/pumpkin-cheesecake/
Title:
Pumpkin Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups cinnamon graham cracker crumbs
1/3 cup butter
1/4 cup granulated sugar
3 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese  (at room temperature)
1 cup granulated sugar
1/4 cup packed light brown sugar
2 large eggs  (at room temperature)
1 (15 ounce) can 100% Pure Pumpkin
2/3 cup Evaporated Milk
2 tablespoons cornstarch
1 1/4 teaspoons ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1 (16 ounce) container sour cream
1/3 cup granulated sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract

Directions:
PREHEAT oven to 350 degrees F.
PREPARE 9-inch springform pan by greasing the interior well with Crisco and wrapping the outside very well with aluminum foil.
COMBINE graham cracker crumbs, butter and granulated sugar in medium bowl.  Press onto bottom and 1 inch up side of the 9-inch springform pan.  Bake for 6 to 8 minutes (do not allow to brown).  Cool on wire rack for 10 minutes.
BEAT cream cheese, granulated sugar and brown sugar in large mixer bowl until fluffy.  Beat in eggs, pumpkin and evaporated milk.  Add cornstarch, cinnamon and nutmeg; beat well.  Pour into crust.
PLACE springform pan onto a cookie sheet.  Pour boiling water onto the cookie sheet, around the springform pan.
BAKE for 60 minutes or until edge is set but center still moves slightly.
COMBINE sour cream, granulated sugar and vanilla extract in small bowl; mix well.  Spread over surface of warm cheesecake.  Lightly sprinkle the top of with cinnamon.  Bake for 5 minutes.
TURN oven off and crack oven door a few inches to allow the cheesecake to begin to cool slowly.  Leave in oven for one hour.
TRANSFER cheesecake to a wire rack outside of the oven and allow to cool there for another 1-2 hours.
REFRIGERATE for several hours or overnight.  Remove side of springform pan.

Submitter: 
Kelly
Description: 
A delicious cheesecake for any autumn gathering.Modified from: Libby's® Pumpkin Cheesecake
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
12 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
