URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62534400/fresh-green-bean-and-mushroom-casserole/
Title:
Fresh Green Bean and Mushroom Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1-1/2 pounds of green beans, trimmed and cut into    bit size pieces.
2 tablespoons butter or margarine
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon dry ranch salad dressing mix
1/4 teaspoon ground white pepper
1-1/2 cups fat-free milk
Nonstick cooking spray
1 cup chopped onion
2 cloves garlic, minced
1-1/2 cups sliced fresh mushrooms
1 cup Panko Japanese bread crumbs (can substitute 1-1/3 slices of whaet bread crumbs)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a covered sauce pan cook green beans in a small amount of boiling water for 10 to 15 minutes or until crisp tender; drain and set aside.
Meanwhile, for white sauce: in a medium saucepan, melt butter. Stir in flour, dry dressing mix, and white pepper until combined. Stir in milk. Cook and stir over medium heat until thickened and bubbly; remove from heat.
Coat an unheated nonstick skillet with nonstick cooking spray. Preheat over medium heat. Add onion and garlic; cook for 2 minutes or until tender. Remove half of the onion mixture; set aside.
Add mushrooms to skillet and cook for about 5 minutes or until tender. In a 1-1/2 quart casserole dish, combine mushroom mixture, beans, and white sauce. Mix together well.
In a small bowl, stir together reserved onion mixture and bread crumbs. Sprinkle bread crumb mixture over the bean mixture in casserole. Bake, uncovered, 25 to 30 minutes or until heated through.

Submitter: 
Bill
Description: 
This recipe calls for fresh green beans and mushrooms. Although a little more work than the traditional Green Bean Casseroles it is well worth the extra effort. It is also lower in fats and sodium as the fried onion rings are replaced by whole wheat topper. It is also great for people on diabetic diets.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15-20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
