URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62531655/turkey-cookies/
Title:
turkey cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/518126.jpg
Ingredients:
a bunch of Candy Corn
1 package of Double Stuffed Oreo Cookies
1 box of Whoppers
1 bag of Reese's Peanut Butter Cups
1 Tube of black piping gel
1 can of white frosting
1 Yellow and red food coloring
1 Yellow and red food coloring
1 plastic Ziplock bag

Directions:
Prep:
Put Peanut Butter Cups in the fridge to cool.
Squeeze white icing into a bowl. Mix red and yellow food coloring with the icing to create a desired orange. Then put that into a plastic bag and set it aside.
Creating:
First you will be creating the tail using 1 Oreo cookie and 6 Candy Corns. Gently, with one candy corn pull apart just one side of the Oreo. Don't don't break about the entire thing. Put a good amount of icing in between the two sides. This will help the Candy Corn stay. Place 6 Candy Corn (white side down) in between the cookie.
Take the white icing and squeeze a generous amount onto the top back of an Oreo cookie. Take the other Oreo and put the bottom into the icing to have it stand up. If it doesn't stand, add more icing! Once you have it stand put it up against something so it doesn't fall until the icing is dry.
Remove Peanut Butter Cups from the fridge. Take a knife and cut off the very bottem so you have a flat surface. Put icing on the bottom of it the bigger flat. Bump it up against the bottom and back of the Oreo cookies.
Next take a Whopper and squeeze more icing on it on one side. Place the whopper on top of the Peanut Butter Cup to make the head.
Find a piece of Candy Corn that has a big white end. Using a sharp knife cut the color off leaving just the white end. Place some icing on it and stick it on the whopper as the beak to your Turkey. Hold for a moment.
Take the icing and place two white dots as eyes. Get the black piping gel and place a black dot on each eye.
Grab bag of already created orange. Cut a very small hold in the corner of the bag. Now, pipe feet.

Submitter: 
Lani Wilborn
Description: 
cute cookies made from oreos and candy. easy to make and they get a ton of attention at a get together!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
