URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62534747/kunafah/
Title:
Kunafah Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/519812.jpg
Ingredients:
½ kg Kunafa pastry (this is usually found in the frozen section in any Middle Eastern section grocery store)
125ml melted butter
½ tsp cinnamon (optional)
For Cream Filling:
500ml fresh milk
4 tbsp corn starch
100gms fresh cream
2 tbsp of cold water
For Syrup:
2 cups sugar
1 cup water
1 tbsp lemon juice
Cinnamon stick or half orange peel or 2 carnation cloves (for fragrance, optional)

Directions:
For the syrup: (this can be done couple of days in advance and kept in the fridge) on low heat, boil all ingredients in a sauce pan until syrupy. Transfer to a bowl and cool at room temperature.
Preheat oven to 200 degrees C. Butter 28cm. cake tin, set aside.
For the cream filling: On a medium heat milk in a sauce pan.
Mix the starch with the water ensuring that it’s thoroughly mixed.
Add the starch mixture slowly to the hot milk. Keep stirring at the same time to avoid clumping.
Turn of the heat and add the fresh cream.
Using your hand, crumble the pastry (into 2cm long size) and separate the strands.
Mix pastry with melted hot butter until evenly distributed.
Transfer half of the pastry into the prepared cake tin. Spread out evenly, then press it firmly.
Add all of the cream filling, distribute it evenly, but leave 1/2cm away from the tin sides to avoid cream burning during cooking.
Sprinkle your cinnamon on top of the cream filling
Cover with the rest of the pastry, gently press against the cream filling, make sure to cover the cream completely.
Bake in the middle rack for 45 minutes, until the pastry look nicely golden brown.
Let the pan rest for 5 minutes then pour on the syrup – at room temperature- to taste.
Turn your Kunafa upside down in a serving plate and garnish with chopped pistachios if desire.
2 Important notes to ensure success of your dessert: 1. Please make sure that your syrup is not heavy or caramelized. When adding the syrup to Kunafa, you should be able to pour off any extra syrup that was not absorbed by Kunafa.
2. Use good quality of corn starch, else the cream will be semi loose (it should be of a cream cheesy texture) and you won't be able to control it in the tin.

Submitter: 
Radwa
Description: 
Pronounciation varies: Kunafa / Kanafeh / Knafeh / Künefe from one country to another. This is a great middle eastern/Arabic desert made of a very fine vermicelli-like pastry. It's heart filling. My family & friends ask for it all the time!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 min.
Ready in:
55 min
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
