URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62538687/floating-on-a-cloud-pumpkin-cheesecake/
Title:
Floating on a Cloud Pumpkin Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/522443.jpg
Ingredients:
For Crust
2 cups Fiber One bran cereal (original), ground to a breadcrumb-like consistency in a blender or food processor
1/4 cup light whipped butter (Smart Balance Light) melted & mixed with 2 tbsp. water
3 tbsp. Splenda
1 tsp. cinnamon
For Filling
32 oz. fat-free cream cheese, room temperature
1 cup Egg Beaters Original
1 cup canned pure pumpkin
1 cup Splenda
1/4 cup light brown sugar (not packed)
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 tsp. pumpkin pie spice
For Topping
1 cup fat-free sour cream
1/4 cup Splenda
1/2 tsp. vanilla extract

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325 degrees.
Combine all crust ingredients and mix thoroughly. Spray a spring form pie pan (about 9" wide) lightly with nonstick spray. Be sure to spray the sides as well as the bottom.
Evenly distribute crumb mixture, using your hands to firmly press and form the crust along the bottom of the pan. Set aside.
In a large bowl, combine all filling ingredients. Using an electric mixer set to medium speed, mix until completely blended and lump-free. Make sure there are no bits of cream cheese in the mixture. Then pour the mixture into the pan.
Bake for approximately 1 hour and 20 minutes, until set. Allow
pie to chill in the fridge for at least 3 - 4 hours (Overnight is the best).
Once pie has chilled, carefully release and remove spring form top. In a small bowl, mix all topping ingredients together until thoroughly blended. Spread topping evenly over the pie.
Return pie to the fridge until ready to serve. Cut pie into 12 slices.

Submitter: 
Sarah
Description: 
This is a very yummy cheesecake! Light and fluffy, perfect for perfect after a Thanksgiving dinner! Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
