URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62532689/pumpkin-cinna-bun-mon-rolls/
Title:
Pumpkin Cinna-bun-mon Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup warm water (100 degrees F/38 degrees C)
1 tbsp  active dry yeast
1 (5 ounce) can evaporated milk
2/3 cup white sugar
1 tsp. salt
1 (15 ounce) can pumpkin
3 tablespoons olive oil
1 egg, beaten
2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice
5 cups bread flour, or more if needed
Filling:
1/4 cup softened butter
1 1/4 cups brown sugar, packed
2 tablespoons cinnamon spice blend
Glaze:
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 (3 ounce) package cream cheese, softened
2 tablespoons butter, melted
1 cup confectioners' sugar
1/4 cup milk

Directions:
On stove, heat water & milk.Pour into large mixing bowl.  Add sugar & salt. cool to 100 degrees then stir in yeast. Allow to stand until the yeast begins to form a creamy foam, 5 to 10 minutes. Stir in  pumpkin, olive oil, and egg. Mix until thoroughly combined. Mix in 2 teaspoons of pumpkin pie spice, then beat in by hand, about 5 cups of flour, or as needed to make a stiff dough. Turn the dough out onto a floured work surface, and knead until smooth and elastic, about 8 minutes.Adding more flour as necessary to keep from sticking. Dough will be slightly sticky. Form the dough into a ball, place into an oiled bowl, cover with a cloth, and let rise in a warm place for about 45 minutes.
Punch down the dough,divide in 1/2 and roll out to a rectangle shape on a floured work surface until it measures about 15 inches wide and 12 inches long. Spread softened butter all over surface. Generously sprinkle 1/2 the brown sugar over surface and sprinkle the spice blend evenly over the dough. Roll up the dough the long way, and pinch the seam closed, then cut the dough into 12 equal-sized pieces with a sharp knife. Lay the rolls in 4 rows on a greased 14x16 cookie sheet.  Let rise again for 45 minutes in warm place covered with towel.
Bake at 400 degrees for 12 minutes. Remove from cookie sheet immediately to cooling rack and spread with glaze.
While the rolls are baking, mix vanilla extract, cream cheese, 2 tablespoons of softened butter, confectioners' sugar, and milk together to make a glaze.

Submitter: 
Linda
Description: 
Pumpkin rolls, made like cinnamon rolls but with pumpkin pie spice in the mix. Glazed with a cream cheese frosting. Grab a cup o'joe or mug of tea, pull up a chair and let one melt in your mouth. What could be better for fall? Comfort at it's best.Modified from: Kelsandra's Pumpkin Cinnamon Rolls
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
