URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62549470/shrimp-risotto-with-portobello-mushrooms/
Title:
SHRIMP RISOTTO WITH PORTOBELLO MUSHROOMS Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 tbsp dry sherry
1 1/2 cups chopped portobello mushrooms
4 to 4 1/2 cups lowfat chicken stock
1 cup water
1 tsp Old Bay Seasoning
3/4 pound (20 to 25) Lg. Easy-Peel Shrimp
1 tbsp olive oil
1/2 cups finely chopped onion
1 garlic clove, pressed
1 1/4 cups Arborio rice
1 tsp finely chopped Thyme
4 cups broccoli florets

Directions:
Pour the sherry over the chopped mushrooms, stir and set aside to marinate while you prepare the risotto.
In a lg. saucepan bring 1 cup of chicken stock, the water and the Old Bay Seasoning to a boil.  Add the shrimp and poach for 3 to 5 min. or until just pink. Remove and shell; set aside.
Heat 2 tsps of the olive oil in a heavy bottom skillet.  Add the onions and saute over medium heat for 2 to 5 mins or until limp.  Add the garlic and the rice.  Cook and stir for one min. or until the rice just begens to change color.  Continuing to stir over medium-low heat add the remaining chicken stock 2/3 cups at a time, stirring until liquid is absorbed.  Continue the process until rice is tender and mixture is creamy (this can take up to 30 minutes).
Heat the other tsp of olive oil in a small saute' pan and briefly saute' the marinated mushrooms pieces over medium-high heat until they release their liquid.  Remove from the heat.
Steam the broccoli for 5 to 6 minutes or until it is bright green and tender.
Stir the cooked shrimp, fresh thyme, and mushrooms into the cooked risotto and stir over medium-low heat until heated through.  Place the broccoli around the edge of a large platter.  Fill the center with the risotto.

Submitter: 
Diana Ackaret
Description: 
Plump Shrimp nestled invitingly among chunks of sherry-soaked Portobello mushrooms in a bed of luscious, creamy rice.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
