URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62548922/grandma-thorpes-sweet-rolls/
Title:
Grandma Thorpe's sweet rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 c. milk, scalded
2 c. sugar
1 1/2 c. vegetable oil
4 tsp salt
combine above ingredients and let cool
6 eggs, beaten
4 tbs. yeast set in water with 2 tbs. sugar
12 c. flour
Filling:
1 c. butter
2 c. packed brown sugar
7 tsp. cinnamon

Directions:
Combine first four ingredients and let cool.  Set 4 tbs yeast and 2 tbs sugar in a large mixing bowl with 1/2 cup of warm water.  When yeast is foamy add eggs and milk mixture, then add flour 2 cups at a time until dough is no longer sticky.  Turn dough out on a floured workspace and knead for 5-10 minutes until smooth and elastic.  Place dough back in bowl, cover with damp cloth and place in a warm area for 20 minutes.  While dough is rising prepare filling, place all ingredients in a sauce pan and cook until thick, set aside. Turn dough out on floured surface and punch down.  With rolling pin roll out dough in a large rectangle.  Pour filling as evenly as possible over the entire surface and spread with wooden spoon or spatula.  Starting on long end begin rolling dough into a log.  To cut rolls use 2 feet of thread doubled up slide thread under the dough log approx. 1/2 inch and cross ends pulling tightly through the dough.  Continue until all rolls are cut.  Place on heavily greased baking sheet, cover with damp cloth and place in a warm place for 20-30 minutes to rise.  Bake in 400 degree oven for 10 minutes, rolls will not usually brown on the top, I still take them out after 10 minutes to prevent overbaking.

Submitter: 
Anne M. Ficklin
Description: 
Sweet cinnamon rolls from my husband's grandmother. A family favorite for holiday mornings. This is the original recipe and it makes 6 dozen rolls, for just my family I cut the recipe into thirds. Enjoy.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
72
Nutritional Facts:
NA
