URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62548376/real-homemade-chicken-caesar-salad/
Title:
REAL Homemade Chicken Caesar Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
To marinate chicken:
4 small boneless skinless chicken breast halves
1 tbsp olive oil
1 tbsp lemon juice
1 clove garlic, minced
1/4 tsp seasoned salt
1/4 tsp pepper
For Garnishes:
6 strips bacon, cooked and crumbled
2 slices 12 grain bread, bite-sized
2 tbsp reserved bacon fat
1/4 tsp garlic powder
1/2 tsp parsley flakes
1 lemon
1/2 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese
For Caesar dressing:
2 egg yolks
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 tbsp anchovy paste
1 tbsp Dijon mustard
juice of one lemon
1 tbsp white vinegar
1/4 tsp pepper
1 tbsp store-bought grated parmesan
1/2 cup olive oil, estimated
For Salad:
3 hearts Romaine lettuce, torn

Directions:
Preheat an indoor grill or bbq to 400 degrees.
In a medium sized bowl, combine olive oil, lemon juice, garlic, and seasoned salt.  Add chicken breasts and toss to coat.  Set aside.
In a medium skillet, brown bacon until fully cooked and crispy.  Remove from pan, and blot with paper towels, set aside.  Reserve bacon fat.
On a small tray, place the cubes of 12 grain bread, and drizzle the bacon fat over top.  Stir to coat, and sprinkle with garlic powder and parsley flakes.  Broil until toasty, about 2 minutes per side.
To make the dressing, add all ingredients except the olive oil to the container that comes with your immersion blender, or the regular blender.  Blend well, and while the blender is running, slowly drizzle in the olive oil, in a very thin stream, until desired consistency is reached.  Check seasonings, and set aside.
Place the marinated chicken breasts on the grill, and cook through, about 6 minutes per side for small ones, 8 for large.  Slice in strips or cubes.
On a dinner plate, arrange romaine lettuce.  Drizzle a very small amount of the dressing over top (it's pungent and a little goes a long way), a few drops per leaf.  Add the croutons, the bacon crumbles, the sliced chicken, and the freshly grated parmesan.  Garnish with a lemon wedge, and a small pot of the caesar dressing for dipping.  Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Sarah
Description: 
This is lots of work, but well worth the effort!  You'll enjoy the fresh, intense flavors.  Perfect for company, you could have this for lunch or as a light dinner.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
