URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62546830/swedish-meatballs/
Title:
Swedish Meatballs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/527488.jpg
Ingredients:
MEATBALLS:
1 lg Onion, peeled, Fine Dice
2 Tbls Butter
2/3 C Milk
4-5 slices of Bread, crusts removed, cut into pieces
2 Eggs
1 lbs Ground Pork
1 1/2 lbs Ground Beef
2 tsp Salt
1 tsp freshly Ground Nutmeg
1 tsp Ground Cardamom
2 tsp Fresh Ground Black Pepper
SAUCE:
6 Tbls Butter
1/3 C AP Flour
1 Qt Beef Stock
1/2 to 3/4 C Sour Cream
Salt
2 to 4 Tbls of Lingonberry, cranberry, red currant or raspberry jelly, more or less to taste

Directions:
Sauté onion in butter over medium-high heat until soft and translucent. Remove from heat and cool.
In medium bowl, mix bread pieces with milk. Set aside until the bread soaks up all the milk. Then, pulverize the bread in a food processor and pour into a large bowl.
Add onions to the bowl of bread. Add pork, beef, salt, nutmeg, cardamom, pepper. Mix well until the ingredients are well combined.
Use a tablespoon to measure the meat for the meatballs. You should get 40 to 50 meatballs.
Heat 6 Tbls butter in a large sauté pan. Reduce heat to medium and add some of the meatballs. Work in batches, browning them slowly on all sides.  Do not cook the meatballs all the way through, only brown them. Once browned, set aside and make the sauce with the remaining pan butter.
Start the sauce. Heat the pan butter on medium until hot. Slowly whisk in the flour. Stirring often, let the flour cook until it is the color of coffee-with-cream; this is a classic roux.
To finish, move the meatballs to a serving dish. Add the sour cream and mix well. Either add the lingonberry jelly to the sauce or serve it on the side.

Submitter: 
Jack
Description: 
If you like IKEA meatballs, be prepared; these are way better. 
Flavored with nutmeg and cardamom, these little beef-and-pork meatballs are best served with a rich meat gravy spiked with sour cream and a little lingonberry jelly. You can serve the jelly on the side if you want, but it tastes great mixed right into the sauce, which is what we've done here.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
