URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62545429/bestest-custard-profiterolespuffs--yummy/
Title:
Bestest custard profiteroles(puffs) -yummy) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/526579.jpg
Ingredients:
Profiteroles:
3/4 cup water
1/2 cup unsalted butter
1 cup all-purpose flour
4 eggs
Custard:
3 cups whole milk
3 tbspoons all-purporse flour
1/2 cup sugar
6 large egg yolks
1 cup unsalted butter
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 cup confectioners sugar

Directions:
Profiteroles:
1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees.Combine water and butter in a large saucepan.Over medium/high heat, bring your ingredients to a boil.  Stir in the flour and continue to cook over medium/high heat, stirring vigorously, for 30 seconds.
2.Transfer dough to the bowl of an electric mixer and mix over medium speed for 3 minutes, or until the dough is slightly cooled.
3.Add eggs, one at a time, beating in between each addition.
4 On two well buttered cookie sheets, drop 3/4 teaspoon mounds of dough, spaced about 1 inch apart. 5.Beat 1 egg in a small bowl and brush over the top of each mound of dough.
6.Bake for 15 minutes, then reduce your heat to 375 degrees and continue to bake for 25-30 minutes or until golden brown.  Once they're done baking, use a spatula to loosen the bottoms from the pan and allow to cool completely.
Custard:
1.Warm up milk in a large skillet.
2.Combine sugar,flour and egg yolks in a large mixing bowl and whisk until combined.  Then gradually add egg yolk mixture into milk and stir until combined.Once it started to buble, add butter and vanilla.
3.Set in the refrigerator overnight or at least 4 hours until chilled.
Assemble profiteroles, begin by making small whole in every profeterole. Then spoon about 2 tablespoons of custard inside.
Top with  confectioners sugar

Submitter: 
Eliceya
Description: 
Unique and super yummy, perfect party dish because it makes individual profiteroles for each person to enjoy.  The overall appearance is elegant and enticing- a perfect combination for a successful dish!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
