URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62542576/turkey-mole-poblano/
Title:
Turkey Mole Poblano Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/524817.jpg
Ingredients:
1 Dried Casabel Chile
1 Dried Morita Chile
2 Dried Pasilla Chiles
2 Dried Ancho Chiles
2 Dried Guajillo Chiles
3/4 Cups Oil for frying
5 Garlic Cloves, Crushed
1 Large White Onion, Diced
1/4 Teaspoon Coriander Seeds
4 Whole Cloves
1/2 Teaspoon Sesame Seeds, plus extra for spinkling 1/3 Cup Craisins, or such
1/3 Cup Almonds
1/3 Cup UnSalted Peanuts
3/4 of 1 round Abuelita Chocolate Tablet (these are sold in the mexican section)
3 Large Roma Tomatoes, or 5 Small ones
1 Cinnamon Stick
1/2 Teaspoon Cumin
1/2 Teapsoon Mexican Oregano
1 Teaspoon Salt
1/2 Teaspoon White pepper
2 Stale Corn Tortillas
1-1/4 Cup Chicken or Turkey Broth
2-3 Pounds Leftover Turkey, heated
Sides:
Lime Slices
Diced Onion
Rice
Tostadas

Directions:
Heat about 3 cups of water in a safe bowl for microwave for 3 minutes.
Heat cormal (or griddle) and toast chiles on both sides, until the chiles are fragrant, about 1-2 minutes, being careful not to burn them. Remove the stems and seeds from chile (careful there hot). Submerge the chiles into the water in microwave, cover with lid and let set about 10-15 minutes. While griddle is hot roast tomatoes until blackened on all side. about 10-15 minutes. Remove and set into blender with onion and garlic.
Heat about 1/4 cup of oil in skillet. Add onion and garlic, saute until onion is translucent. Tilt pan reserving oil and using tongs remove onion and galic and place into blender.
Using reserved oil toast corianer seeds, cloves and sesame seeds for about 30-60 seconds until fragrant and lightly brown. Remove and place into blender. Add craisins and toast for about 1 minute, add to blender.
You may need to add more oil, add another 1/4 cup and re-heat. Stir the almonds and peanuts into the skillet, and cook and stir until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add to blender. (Keep adding oil as needed) Fry tortillas and fry for about 1 minute, remove and set a side. With remaining oil add abuelita chocolate and stir constantly until melted. Once melted add to blender.
Chiles should be soft by this time; remove chiles from water and add chiles to blender, also add about 1/3 cup of water from chiles to blender. Add mexican oregano, cumin, salt and white pepper to blender. Blend until smooth. Once smooth tear tortillas into peices and add them to blender, blend until mixture is smooth.
Add mixture to a large pot. Slowly stir in broth and add cinnamon stick. Simmer on low heat for about 1 hour. Remove cinnamon stick after 1 hour.

Submitter: 
Sherbear1
Description: 
Moles come in various flavors and ingredients, with chili peppers as the common factor. However, the classic mole version is the variety called mole poblano, which is a dark red or brown sauce served over meat. This is a version that works great to help use up that extra turkey on Thanksgiving.  We also make this every year for our Christmas dinner with my husbands family.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
