URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62547513/high-temperature-eye-of-round-roast/
Title:
High Temperature Eye-of-Round Roast Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (3 pound) beef eye of round roast
Browning(liquid)seasoning
1 clove garlic (sliced thin)
Cajun seasoning
salt and pepper to taste
EVOO
Gravy:
2 Tbs Butter
4 Tbs Flour
2 Beef Bouillon Cubes or 2 tsp beef bouillon powder.
2 cups water
Salt/Pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F (260 degrees C) with Pizza Stone on cooking shelf for 30 minutes. Season the roast first with liquid browning seasoning. Cut several slits into fat side of Roast. Put slices of garlic into the slits. Rub entire roast with Cajun seasoning, salt, and pepper. Rub entire roast with EVOO and place in a roasting pan "FAT SIDE UP". Do not cover or add water.
Place the roast in the preheated oven. Reduce the temperature to 475 degrees F (245 degrees C). Roast for 21 minutes (seven minutes per pound) then turn off the oven and let the roast sit in the hot oven for 1.5 hours (Do not open oven during this time!). Insert meat thermometor into Roast after 1.5 hours. Turn oven to 170 and cook an additional 30 to 60 minutes or until internal temprature of meat reaches 145 degrees.
Remove the roast from the oven, the internal temperature should have reached at least 145 degrees F (65 degrees C). Carve into very thin slices to serve.
Gravy:
Place roasting pan on stove top burner on medium heat.
Add butter and bouillon to roasting pan. Whisk and melt butter on bottom of roasting pan working to loosen any drippings. If using bouillon cubes, smash cubes with bottom of a coffee cup to break up. Ensure bouillon is mixed well with butter and drippings.
Add flour. Whisk constantly over medium heat until flour begins to brown slightly.
While whisking quickly, add 2 cups water and continue whisking while bringing to a boil.
Boil and whisk for 1 minute to cook flour and thicken gravy.
Season to taste.
Remove from heat.

Submitter: 
kcryss
Description: 
Eye of round roast is roasted at 500 degrees F. This recipe takes a very tough piece of meat and makes it so tender and delicious.  The easiest roast you'll ever cook!Modified from: High Temperature Eye-of-Round Roast
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
3 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
