URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62547554/easy-and-natural-broccoli-chicken/
Title:
Easy and "Natural" Broccoli Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 large boneless skinless chicken breasts (thawed or frozen)
1/2 - 1 tsp poultry seasoning
1/2 - 1 tsp dried parsley
3 c chicken broth, divided
1 c uncooked long grain rice
1 12-16 oz bag frozen broccoli florets
1 large onion, diced (chunky, not fine)
3-4 stalks celery, sliced in 1/2 inch pieces
2 T butter
2 T olive oil
1/4 c flour
1 c low-fat evaporated milk (2%)
1 c water
1/2 c shredded reduced fat cheddar cheese
1/2 c regular shredded cheddar cheese
salt & pepper, to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350. Place chicken in a large casserole dish, and pour 1 c chicken broth over it.  Sprinkle generously with poultry seasoning and dried parsley. Cover with foil and bake 30 min or until done (if chicken is thawed; if frozen, refer to pkg instructions for cooking times). Trim away any fat and cut into bite size pieces, about 1 inch.  Rinse out the casserole dish and dry with paper towel.
While chicken is baking, cook the rice per pkg directions, using 2 c broth instead of water. Fluff with fork and set aside.
While rice is cooking, melt 1 T butter in large nonstick pot or dutch oven; saute the onions briefly, leaving them crunchy. Remove the onions, add the other T butter, and saute the celery, a bit longer than the onions, leaving crunchy also.  Remove the celery.  Cut any large broccoli florets (still frozen) into bite size pieces and place in the pot on low heat; heat and stir just until ice is melted, and broccoli is warm-ish. (Keep the broccoli crunchy as well). Remove the broccoli.
In same pot, stir together the olive oil and flour over low heat, making a roux.  Slowly stir in 1 c water and 1 c evaporated milk. Increase heat to medium and stir constantly until sauce begins to thicken and boil. Add salt and pepper to taste; remove from heat.
Add the vegetables, chicken, and rice to the sauce. Stir well to evenly distribute. Taste for seasoning, and add additional salt & pepper if desired.
Spray the casserole dish with cooking spray and add the mixture, spreading evenly.  Sprinkle low-fat cheese evenly over the top, and sprinkle the regular cheese evenly over that.  Bake at 350, 20- 25 min, or until casserole is heated and cheese is slightly browned.

Submitter: 
B L
Description: 
My family loves this chicken and broccoli casserole, made from scratch with natural ingredients, even better than the ones with canned soups and processed cheese products. This delicious, healthy comfort dish is a meal in itself, and left-overs are amazing. Don't let the number of steps fool you -- the instructions are very detailed to make it simple for a beginning cook, and the dish comes together quickly, with minimal cleanup. You can even use frozen chicken breasts straight from the freezer, but allow additional time for cooking. Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
