URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62546924/sunchoke-jerusalem-artichoke-and-leek-soup-with-sauteed-mushrooms/
Title:
Sunchoke (Jerusalem Artichoke) and Leek Soup with Sauteed Mushrooms Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/527554.jpg
Ingredients:
6 Medium Sunchokes (potatoes can be substituted)
2 Large Leeks
3 cloves of garlic
1 large carrot
3 stalks celery
2 tbsp olive oil
2 bay leaves
Splash of Vermouth
1 bunch tarragon
2 bunches watercress (ie. three big handfuls of wild watercress)
5 cups chicken, turkey, or vegetable stock
2 cups chopped mushrooms (any that you like! I used wild purple blewits and oyster mushrooms)
2 tbsp butter or olive oil

Directions:
Sunchokes are gnarly looking things. To prepare them, either scrub vigorously with a veggie brush or chop them up before washing, as you'll be able to get into the cracks easier. Don't bother peeling- the skin is thin enough and tryiing to peel them will give you a headache.
Cut leeks in half lengthwise. Wash between the layers to get rid of all the grit. Slice thin, reserving the dark green parts for stock.
Chop the rest of the vegetables and garlic.
Sautee the leek first in olive oil until translucent, then add the carrot, celery, garlic and sunchokes, stirring to coat. Season well with salt and pepper then add the bay leaves and half of the tarragon. Allow to reach a very high heat, then de-glaze the pan with vermouth, minding the steam. Add the broth and simmer until vegetables are cooked.
While the soup is simmering, sautee the chopped mushrooms in butter and season well with salt and pepper. When they are cooked all the way through add the rest of the tarragon. Set aside.
When the sunchokes are fully cooked in the broth, add all but a handful of the watercress and allow to wilt (about 1 minute). Blend 2/3 of the soup, removing the bay leaves as necessary. Serve with a spoonful of the sauteed mushrooms on top, and a sprig of watercress if desired.

Submitter: 
cameal
Description: 
Sunchokes are the root of a plant that is related to the Sunflower. It tastes like sunflower seeds crossed with potato and contains inulin, an easily-soluble sugar that is ideal for diabetics. It is Native to North America.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
