URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62544846/sundays-apple-pie-with-allspice-cinnamon-and-nutmeg/
Title:
Sunday's Apple Pie With Allspice, Cinnamon and Nutmeg Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 prepared or homemade 8 inch pastry shells
6 tart apples - peeled, cored and sliced
1/2  cup plus 1 tsp white sugar
1/4  cup brown sugar
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2  teaspoon nutmeg
1/2  teaspoon allspice
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
4 tablespoons butter
The white of 1 egg
2 tablespoons lemon juice

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place sliced apples in a large bowl filled with enough cold water to cover the apples with the lemon juice added.  This keeps the apples from turning brown when you get distracted and the lemon adds a nice tang to the apples.  In a small bowl combine sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg and allspice and flour. Drain apples. Pour sugar mixture over apples. Cut half of butter or margarine into small pieces and add to apples. Toss apples until thoroughly coated.
Pour apples into pastry-lined pie pan. Dot apples with the rest of butter or margarine. Place second pastry on top. Seal edges and cut steam vents in top crust. Whisk one teaspoon cold water with the egg white and brush over the top crust.   Sprinkle the crust with 1 tsp white sugar. To keep the edges from over-browning, cover edges of crust loosely with foil.
Bake in preheated oven for 20 min.  Reduce heat to 350 degrees and cook another 15 to 20 minutes, until crust is golden brown.
Serve warm with vanilla ice cream or hard sauce (or both).  Enjoy.

Submitter: 
GoodFood
Description: 
The addition of nutmeg, allspice and brown sugar spice this pie up a little bit.  This is the way I learned how to make apple pie from a former mother-in-law.  She never measured anything, but had me make apple pie next to her a couple times a year for over a decade. Even with her watching me and my doing things exactly like her the pie never tasted as good as hers!!  If someone who can grow anything is said to have a green thumb, what is someone who can cook anything deliciously called?  Whatever that is, she was it.  This recipe is a tribute to her.Modified from: Sunday's Apple Pie
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
1.5 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
