URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62545282/dark-chocolate-hazelnut-biscotti/
Title:
Dark Chocolate Hazelnut Biscotti Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
½ c butter
1 c hazelnut/chocolate spread (such as Nutella)
2 c sugar
¾ c cocoa powder
2 Tbs baking powder
3 eggs
2 egg yolks
3 ½ c flour
1 tsp salt
1 c coarsely chopped hazelnuts
½ c finely chopped hazelnuts (optional)
12 oz dark choc chips
6 oz white chocolate (optional)
3 Tbsp shortening

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325 degrees.
Beat butter and sugar together in large mixing bowl.
Beat in hazelnut chocolate spread, eggs and egg yolks.
In a separate bowl, mix flour, cocoa powder, salt and baking powder.
Add to butter in bowl and beat until well blended.
Add the 1 c hazelnuts, stir until well mixed.
Divide dough in half on a lightly floured surface.  Transfer dough to parchment lined cookie sheets.  Shape each half into a loaf shape about 16 inches long.  Press down to about 1 inch tall.
Bake about 30 minutes, rotating sheets after 20 minutes.  Remove from the oven when they are firm and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean.
Slide the loaves, still on parchment paper, onto a counter and let cool about 20 minutes.
Transfer to a cutting board and, using a sharp knife, carefully cut diagonally into ¾ inch slices.
Place slices on cookie sheets and bake for an additional 20 – 25 minutes or until dry, turning slices over after 10 minutes.
Melt about ¾ of the  dark choc chips in a double boiler on low heat.  Dip bottom edges of biscotti into the chocolate and sprinkle on a teaspoon or so of  the ½ c finely chopped hazelnuts, if desired.  Place on parchment to cool.
Melt the remaining choc chips and white chocolate separately and drizzle over the tops of the biscotti.
Let dry completely before storing in an airproof container.

Submitter: 
KY Piano Teacher
Description: 
A decadent, crunchy biscotti for dunking or enjoying on its own.  Also has a beautiful presentation for gift-giving.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
