URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62556650/cheesecake/
Title:
Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/533578.jpg
Ingredients:
Crust:
1 1/2 C - graham cracker crumbs
1 Tb - cinnamon sugar
1/4 C - finely ground walnuts
1/2 C - butter (melted)
Filling:
3 - 8 oz pkgs cream cheese (softened)
1/2 pt - heavy whipping cream
3/4 C - granulated sugar
1 tsp - pure vanilla extract
3 - eggs (slightly beaten)

Directions:
Pre-heat oven: 375 Degrees
Crust: Combine crumbs, cinnamon sugar, and walnuts in bottom of 9" spring-form pan. Add melted butter, mix well. Press mixture onto bottom of pan and about 1-2" up the sides. Set aside in the freezer while preparing the filling.
Filling: With an electric hand mixer - beat cream cheese, sugar, and vanilla until combined. Slowly add whipping cream while beating on low speed. Continue beating until smooth. Slowly add in eggs, one at a time, beat on low-speed until combined.
Remove prepared crust from freezer. Pour filling onto the crust. Bake for about 35-45 minutes in 375 Degree oven, until center appears almost set when gently shaken. Carefully remove cheesecake from the oven and place it on a wire rack to cool. After about 15 minutes, take a butter knife and gently cut around the outer edge of the cheesecake to separate it from the pan. Let cool for another 30 minutes at room temperature. Gently un-clip the side of the spring-form pan and remove it. Let cool another 30 minutes. After cooled at room temperature, place the cheesecake in the refrigerator and let it chill for at least 4 hours or overnight before serving.

Submitter: 
SelenaMarie
Description: 
I make this cheesecake seasonally for work, and it's always a hit. Everyone compliments on how delicious it is, and that not many homemade cheesecakes turn out so well or taste so good. You'll need to have an 9 spring-form pan and an electric hand-mixer.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
4 h - overnight
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
