URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62554631/chicken-madeira/
Title:
Chicken Madeira Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/532240.jpg
Ingredients:
Chicken
1 tablespoon olive oil
4 boneless chicken breast
8-12 asparagus spears
4 slices mozzarella or jack cheese
Salt and pepper
Sauce
1 tablespoons of fine chopped onions
2 tablespoons olive oil
2 cups fresh sliced mushrooms
1 1/2 cups Madeira wine
1 cups beef stock
1 tablespoon butter
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
3 tablespoons corn starch

Directions:
Cover chicken breast with plastic wrap; pound to 1/4-inch thick. (I put the chicken breasts in a giant sealed zip lock instead of plastic to prevent spillage). Sprinkle each fillet with salt and pepper.
Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in frying pan over medium-high heat. Saute fillets 4-6 minutes per side until done and browned just a bit. Remove from pan and wrap in foil to keep warm while you make the sauce.
In chicken pan add olive oil and onions and saute for about 3 minutes or until light brown. Add sliced mushrooms; saute for another 2 minutes. Add Madeira wine, beef stock, butter, pepper and corn starch. Bring to boil then reduce heat; cover and simmer 20 minutes until reduced to about 1/2 original volume. When sauce is done it will be thick, and brown.
While sauce is reducing, bring a pan of water to boil. Add salt to water at boil; blanch asparagus (3-5 minutes). Drop asparagus in ice water to halt cooking.
Set oven to broil. In baking dish arrange chicken, cross 2-3 asparagus stems over each piece of chicken and top with a slice of cheese. Broil until cheese melts.
To serve, top chicken with 3-4 tablespoons sauce on each piece.
Garnish with fresh parsley
Recommended Side: Mash potatoes

Submitter: 
FatimaF
Description: 
This is a great family recipe that my grandma has been making since I was young. I made just a few changes to the original recipe in order to achieve the results I wanted. This so good! Enjoy :)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
