URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62550853/apres-ski-chicken-enchiladas/
Title:
Apres Ski Chicken Enchiladas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup half and half
8 ounces cream cheese, softened
2 large boneless, skinless chicken breasts
4 cups chicken broth
3/4 cup finely chopped onions
1/2 tsp salt
1 15 ounce can green chile enchilada sauce (mild, medium or hot)
1 small can green chiles (mild, medium or hot)
8-10 8" flour tortillas
1 cup shredded Monterey Jack Cheese
1 cup shredded Cheddar Cheese
TOPPINGS: lettuce, tomato, black olives, guacamole, jalapeno's, sour cream, etc.

Directions:
In a large saucepan, add chicken breasts and broth and bring to a boil.  Cover with lid and simmer chicken for 30 minutes until cooked.  Cool and shred chicken to about 3 cups.  Save broth for future use.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees farenheit.
In a medium bowl, use a mixer to combine cream cheese and half and half.  Beat on high speed until fluffy.  Using a spatulat, fold in diced onion, canned chiles and chicken.  Combine thoroughly.
In the meantime, prepare 9x13 baking dish by spraying with a non-stick spray.  Cover bottom of dish with a thin layer of green chile enchilada sauce, about 4 TBS.
Warm tortillas briefly in the microwave for about 30 seconds.  Spoon a Tablespoon of enchilada sauce on each tortilla, spread out thinly, then add 1/4 cup of chicken filling.  Spread out the filling in a row across the middle of the tortilla and then roll up tightly.  Place tortilla seam side down in pan.  Fill the pan, using all the meat filling.
Pour remaining enchilada sauce over the top, cover dish with foil and bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes.  Remove foil and add cheese.  Return to oven for 8-10 minutes until cheese is melted and bubbly.  Serve hot with toppings!

Submitter: 
LemonLush
Description: 
A favorite after skiing dish that my family just loves.  Both easy to put together and easy to adjust the heat volume in this dish.. yet it is elegant enough to serve to company.  We like ours with lettuce, tomato, guacamole, sour cream and black olives on top!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
