URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62555651/roctoberfest---rockn-rouladen/
Title:
R'Octoberfest - Rock,n Rouladen Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
12 (5" x 3" x 1/4") slices of beef round pounded thin as for scaloppine (best to get your butcher to slice this thinly - then you don't need to pound it)
Salt
Pepper
Flour (for dredging)
1/4 cup beef or bacon droppings, or cooking oil
2/3 cup finely chopped celery (optional)
1/2 cup thinly sliced mushrooms (optional)
2 cups beef broth
3 Tablespoons flour blended with 3 Tablespoons cold water
Stuffing:
1 large, yellow onion - peeled and minced
2 Tablespoons beef or bacon drippings
1/2 cup finely chipped mushrooms
2 cups soft white bread crumbs
1/2 cup water
1 egg, lightly beaten
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon pepper
2 Tablespoons minced parsley
12 slices of blackforest ham
pickled asparagus

Directions:
Sprinkle beef with salt and pepper and set aside while you prepare stuffing. Saute onion in drippings over moderate heat 5-8 minutes until pale golden, add mushrooms and stir-fry 1-2 minutes; off heat mix in remaining ingredients. Place one slice of blackforest ham on the beef slice. Spoon about 2 Tablespoons of stuffing on each piece of meat, and place one piece of asperagus on the stuffing, roll, and tie well with string (or use specialty cooking rubber bands). Dredge rolls in flour and brown, a few at a time in drippings in a Dutch oven 5 - 7 minutes over moderate heat; drain on paper towelling. If you wish, add celery and mushrooms and stir-fry 2-3 minutes. Drain all but 1 Tablespoon drippings from kettle, return meat, add broth, cover, and simmer 1 1/2 hours until tender (or bake 1 1/2 hours at 350 degrees F). Transfer rolls to serving dish and remove strings (or bands). Mix flour-water paste into kettle and heat, stirring, until thickened. Serve with gravy.

Submitter: 
Here's To Good Friends
Description: 
Beef Rolls, traditionally referred to as ROULADEN in Germany.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
