URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62552143/southwestern-quiche/
Title:
Southwestern Quiche Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 Baked Pie Crust
2 Cups Half and Half
4 Eggs
½ Can (2 oz)Green Chilies
1 tsp salt
½ tsp pepper
1 packet taco seasoning
1-2 chicken breasts
1 Tbsp dry or fresh cilantro
1 Cup Shredded Monterrey Jack Cheese
¼ Cup Shredded Cheddar Cheese

Directions:
Place chicken breasts in a pot and fill with water until chicken breasts are covered. Boil chicken breasts for approximately 30 minutes over medium heat. Reserve remaining liquid from the pot and put the cooked chicken in a small bowl to cool. Do not worry about draining any liquid from the chicken. Let the chicken cool until it is comfortable to touch. Shred the chicken by hand. Add the taco seasoning to the chicken. Add a little of the reserved broth at a time (about a half cup) and stir until the taco seasoning is fully incorporated. This step can be completed a day in advance.
Prepare pie crust from scratch or use a pre-made pie crust. Place the pie crust in pie pan or glass baking dish and poke holes in the crust with a fork. Bake the pie crust uncovered at 450 degrees for approximately 10 minutes. Doing this will ensure that the crust will not be mushy when the Quiche is completed.
While the pie crust is baking, whisk the eggs in a medium size bowl. Add the half and half and seasonings and whisk together. Seasonings can be adjusted to taste.
Once the pie crust is finished baking take it out and adjust the oven temperature to 425 degrees. There is no need to let the crust cool. Spread enough shredded chicken onto the pie crust to cover the bottom of the crust. Sprinkle the green chilies over the chicken. Pour the egg mixture slowly over the chicken and chilies. Sprinkle the monterrey jack cheese evenly over the egg mixture. Put the quiche in the oven for 15 minutes, then turn the oven temperature down to 300 degrees and cook for another 25 minutes. Take the quiche out just long enough to sprinkle the cheddar cheese on top and then put it back in the oven for another 5 minutes or until a knife instered in the middle comes out clean. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
thechulita
Description: 
I tasted this quiche in a small cafe in the mountains and thought it was so good that I had to come up with a recipe for it! Seasoned shredded chicken, green chilis and monterrey jack cheese go great together in this quiche. This recipe can easily be doubled.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
