URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62559599/aunt-gens-southren-hominy-casserole-by-buddy-sizemore/
Title:
Aunt "Gen's" Southren Hominy Casserole    By: Buddy Sizemore Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2- 16 oz. Cans of White Hominy (Drained Well)
1- 16 oz. Package of "KRAFT" " EXTRA SHARP " Cheddar Cheese
(Shredded by hand!)
1 - 16 oz. tub of Sour Cream
1- Small can of "Old El Paso"Chopped Green Chillies
1/2- cup Minnced Onion
1-cup CRUSHED " Lays" Kettle Cooked Potato Chips ( crushed very fine)
Dash of salt & pepper.

Directions:
Mix all ingredients in a large mixing bowl(use half the cheese- reserving half the shredded cheese for topping).
Spray bottom and sides of a 13x9 Glass Pyrex or other baking dish with cooking spray. Fill dish with hominy mixture and top with reserved cheese . Cover cheese with crushed chips. Bake at 350 until bubbly and brown on top. ( About 35 minutes more or less)
Tip: Place potato chips in a ziplock bag and crush with a rolling pin.
(Note: The "Old El Paso" green chilies are actually not hot in taste, they are included because of the distinct flavor they impart to this dish.
Sometimes in the store you will find the small cans of "whole" green chilies,they are the same, you just have to chop them yourself.
Another thing I've added while experimenting with this dish is a half cup of finely chopped dried tomatoes. It makes it  more of a mexican style dish.

Submitter: 
BUDDYMO
Description: 
This is a super delicious casserole that's easy to whip up for a potluck or holiday side dish. My Aunt Gen made this frequently and it was always my favorite.
This is and excellent dish to get the kids involved in cooking. Like macaroni this is a comfort type food. The green chilies impart and distinct flavor that really pleases the tastebuds! I'm sure you'll enjoy this dish.

Buddy
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
