URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62552806/chipotle-chili-with-caramelized-onions-cheese-and-sour-cream/
Title:
Chipotle Chili with Caramelized Onions, Cheese and Sour Cream Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/536594.jpg
Ingredients:
2 pounds ground beef
4-1/2 tablespoons chili powder
1 teaspoon ground chili ancho powder
2 tablespoons paprika
2 teaspoons ground cumin
1 teaspoon ground coriander
1 teaspoon white pepper
1 teaspoon mexican oregano
5 cloves garlic, minced
1 large onion, diced
1/2 green bell pepper, diced
1/2 red bell pepper, diced
1 (48 ounce) bottle of low-sodium V-8 or vegetable juice
1 (15 ounce) can diced tomatoes
1 (15 ounce) can dark red kidney beans, drained and rinsed
2 (15 ounce) light red kidney beans, drained and rinsed
2 chipotle peppers minced in adobo sauce
1-1/2 teaspoon seasoned salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
Optional toppings:
2 tablespoons butter
1/2 yellow onion sliced
1 cup fine shredded cheddar cheese
sour cream
saltine crackers

Directions:
Cook ground beef in a large pot over medium-high heat until lightly browned and crumbly. When the meat has released its grease, and has begun to brown, drain off accumulated grease, add onion, bell peppers and garlic.  Let cook for about 4-5 more minutes.  Pour vegetable juice into pot and season with chili powder, paprika, mexican oregano, cumin, white pepper and coriander.
Stir in the diced tomatoes, kidney beans, chipotle peppers, seasoned salt, and pepper. Bring to a simmer, and cook on low for about 1 hour.
In small frying pan melt butter, add onion and cook until carmalized.  Remove from heat and set aside.  Pour bowls of chili and top each with carmalized onions, cheese and sour cream.  Serve with saltine crackers.

Submitter: 
Sherbear1
Description: 
There's nothing better on a cold day than a big bowl of chili. This chili has a nice smoky flavor that isnt to strong, so the kids can eat it.  You may add more chipotle peppers if you want a spicier chili.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
