URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62568847/moroccan-lamb-soup/
Title:
Moroccan Lamb Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/541255.jpg
Ingredients:
1 Sweet Onion, sliced or chopped
1Tbs Butter
1 lb ground lamb
1 tsp cinnamon
1 tsp ground cumin
½ tsp ground ginger
¼ tsp ground cloves
¼ tsp nutmeg
¼ tsp turmeric
1/8 tsp curry powder
1 tsp kosher or sea salt
1 can diced tomatoes (14.5 oz) with juice
1 can or small carton organic beef broth (14 oz)
1 can or small carton of organic chicken or vegetable broth (14 oz)
2 cans of Beef Consommé (found in soup aisle)
1 Tbs. Honey
3 large carrots cut into half, then cut into ¼” pieces
2 sweet potatoes, peeled and diced
1 cup lentils (rinsed well) or barley
1 can garbanzo beans, drained and rinsed
½ cup chopped dried apricots or cranberries (optional, and recommended!)
Black pepper and/or Cayenne pepper to taste (optional)

Directions:
Mix all spices and salt with the ground lamb in a bowl and set aside or for most flavorful results, make ahead and refrigerate overnight.
Place butter in soup pot heated over medium to medium-high heat. When butter melts add chopped onion and caramelize the onions for about 5 – 10 minutes, stirring frequently until onions are translucent and brown in places. Reduce heat to medium.
Add spiced lamb mixture to the soup pot with the onions (can mix spices with lamb in the pot if you turn the head to low first, as you want the spices well-incorporated into the lamb before it cooks.
Add cans of tomatoes, broth, consommé and honey
Add chopped carrots and sweet potatoes, garbanzo beans, dried fruit and lentils or barley.  Bring just to a boil, and reduce heat to low. Unless making-ahead or freezing, skip to step 6.
If making-ahead or freezing, continue to simmer for 5 minutes over low heat, then remove from heat and cool in the pot or in freezer-safe container, before transferring to the fridge (store for up to 3 days) or freezer. When ready to eat, thaw in refrigerator for 24-48 hours, pour into a soup pot and bring just to a boil over medium-high heat, then reduce heat to low.

Submitter: 
BusySpoons
Description: 
I made this for my make-ahead cooking group--The Make-Ahead Mamas--Holiday Soup Swap. The wonderful traditional Moroccan cinnamon-spice combination is lovely with the ground lamb and sweet potatoes, and the chopped apricots or cranberries add a surprising tart sweetness with every few bites. If you're making ahead or freezing this soup, I suggest not cooking the soup fully until just before serving it, so that the vegetables stay firm while frozen. Whenever I make this recipe, I make a double (or triple!) batch and freeze a few portions.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45
Ready in:
75 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
