URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62560763/mushroom-cheese-puffs/
Title:
Mushroom Cheese Puffs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 package Puff Pastry Sheets (2 sheets)
2 tablespoons margarine OR butter
6 ounces portobello mushrooms, chopped
8 ounces white mushrooms, chopped
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese
2 tsp Italian seasoning
1 tbsp minced garlic
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/4 cup shredded mozzarella
1 egg, beaten

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375°F. Remove pastry sheets from freezer and set out on counter to thaw for 30 minutes.
Chop the mushrooms into fairly small pieces(this is the time consuming part!). Melt the butter (or margarine) in a large skillet on medium-high heat, then put in your chopped mushrooms. Cook until liquid evaporates, stirring occasionally (add the garlic about halfway through this process, so it doesn't burn).
Unfold first pastry sheet on lightly floured surface. Roll into 12”x16” rectangle. Cut into 12 (4”) squares. *
Lightly grease 12 muffin cups and place into muffin tin. I find that making the puffs one at a time in the tin helps a lot.
To construct puff, drape one of the puff squares over muffin cup. Put 1/2 tbsp of shredded mozzarella in the middle of the square, and the spoon 1/2 tbsp of the mushroom mix over it. Gather the four edges of the square to the middle, and then twist to seal the puff. Seal the edges as well. Repeat until you've filled your tin. Brush the puffs with the beaten egg.
Bake for 20 minutes at 375°F, or until golden brown.
Repeat for second batch!

Submitter: 
song.unsung
Description: 
I was trying to think of something that would be a savory hors d'œuvre to bring to a dinner party. After stumbling across a few recipes that were close, but not quite what I wanted, I came up with my own recipe. Everyone raved and there was not one left to take home!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
