URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62562040/cranberry-bliss/
Title:
Cranberry Bliss Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup margarine,softened
3/4 cup granulated sugar
3/4 cup firmly packed brown sugar
2 eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla (or can use orange instead)
2 1/4 cups flour (can add a little more 1/4 -1/2 cup)
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 - 12oz package white chocolate chips
2 cups sweetened dried cranberries (partially chopped)
1 cup chopped macadamia nuts (or any nut)
1 cup coconut (optional)
CREAM CHEESE FROSTING
6 oz cream cheese, softened
1 cube butter
2 teaspoons extract (vanilla, orange...)
A bit of orange zest (optional

Directions:
Combine margarine and sugars in a large mixing bowl.  Beat with an electric mixer on medium speed until well blended.  Add eggs and extract and beat well.  I also add a Tablespoon or two of orange zest, but it is not necessary.
Combine the flour and baking powder; gradually add to mixture.  Stir in other ingredients.  Spread dough evenly in a greased 15x10x1 inch baking pan (jelly toll pan?).  The dough is very sticky!  ( I have found the besty way to do this is to spread the dough with my hands after generously flouring them or dropping spoonfuls around the pan and then spreading with a very sturdy spatula).  Bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 20 minutes or until light golden brown.  DO NOT OVER BAKE. Cool in pan, then frost or cut into bars.  Store in an airtight container.  These will freeze well without the frosting.
FROSTING
Beat together the cream cheese and the butter.  Slowly add the powdered sugar until consistency is what you want.  Add the orange zest, if you wish. Frost the bars before cutting.  I sprinkle chopped up cranberries over the top before the frosting has set and then drizzle white chocolate over everything.

Submitter: 
Lorraine Friberg
Description: 
Every bit as good as the Bliss you buy at Starbucks!
Great treat!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30+
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
