URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62561261/chicken-and-tomatillo-soup/
Title:
Chicken and Tomatillo Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/536617.jpg
Ingredients:
2 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - pounded thin
1 teaspoon seasoned salt
2 bay leaves
1 teaspoon black pepper
1/2 onion, chopped
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 pound chopped tomatillos
1 jalapeno peppers, seeded and minced
1 15oz can chicken stock
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1/2 teaspoon cumin
1/4 teaspoon mexican oregano
1/8 teaspoon epazote
1/8 teaspoon ground rosemary
1 teaspoon salt and white pepper
1/2 teaspoon hot pepper sauce
2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro (optional)
1/4 cup sour cream (optional)
tortilla strips
cojita cheese

Directions:
1.In a pot place chicken breast, seasoned salt, bay leaves and ground black pepper.  Cover chicken with water (just to the top of chicken). Bring to boil and simmer 20 minutes or until chicken is cooked through.  Remove chicken and set a side.  Discard all of remaining water except 3/4 cup.
2.Add onions, tomatillos, jalapeno, garlic and broth to pot. Bring to a boil. Add cayenne pepper, cumin, mexican oregano, epazote,rosemary, salt and white pepper. Reduce heat, cover the pot, and simmer for about 15 minutes until tomatillos are brown.
3.Puree vegetables in batches in a blender or food processor. Return to pot, and reheat. At this point taste the soup; if not piquant enough, add cayenne pepper or pepper sauce.
4.Slice the chicken into thin slices, and then shred. Stir into soup. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
5.When ready to serve, stir in the minced cilantro and ladle into bowls. Put a dollop of sour cream, cheese and tortilla strips on top of each portion.

Submitter: 
Sherbear1
Description: 
This soup has a tangy taste from the tomatillos.  This is one of the kids favorite.  Top with sour cream, cheese and tortilla strips and a couple dashes of hot sauce.  Sometimes I like to serve it with rice also.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
