URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62560624/dirt-pudding-pumpkin-patch/
Title:
(Dirt Pudding) Pumpkin Patch Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/536141.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup butter, softened
1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened
1/2 cup confectioner's sugar
2 (3.5 ounce) packages instant chocolate pudding mix
3 1/2 cups milk
1 (12 ounce) container frozen whipped topping, thawed
2 packages of Oreos
1 (9oz) bag of gummy worms (optional)
40 (approximately) candy corn (mellowcreme) pumpkins (one bag will give you more than you need, and you can put the rest in a bowl to munch on) (optional)
1 can vanilla icing (this is for the vines, and you will only need to use a little) (optional)
green food colouring (to colour vines) (optional)

Directions:
Place cookies in a food processor and chop until you get fine crumbs. (If you don't have a food processor, you can hand crush them, but it gets messy!) Place Oreo crumbs in a separate bowl and reserve for later.
Put butter, cream cheese and sugar in food processor. Mix until smooth, then set aside.
Pour the milk into a large bowl and add the pudding mixes, whisking to combine.
Fold in the whipped topping until combined.
Stir in the cream cheese mixture from step 2.
In a 9x13 pan, start with cookie crumbs, then layer gummy worms on top, then pudding mixture, then crumbs again, more gummy worms, then the last of the pudding mixture, then cover the top with cookie crumbs.
Place the pumpkins on top, and try to make it look like a pumpkin patch! This is where you can get creative! Pumpkin patches are usually in rows, but not exactly in a straight line, so make them a little random, and knock some over!
Mix some green food colouring into your icing, until you are happy with the colour (try making it look close to the green on the top of the pumpkins, if you can).
Put your green icing into an icing bag, with a small round tip, and pipe icing to look like vines, connecting the little rows of pumpkins. You can make little vines that shoot out and curl, too.
Switch to a leaf tip and add leaves so that your vines look complete!

Submitter: 
Strange-1
Description: 
I was bringing a dessert to a spooky Halloween dinner, and wanted to make something creative. I had heard of the dirt cup recipes with gummy worms before, but I wanted to do something a little different, so I adapted the recipe to this! Kiddos loved it, and so did the adults! (Original recipe from eatatallies.com, this version is adapted.)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
