URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62560658/apple-pie-by-grandma-ople-with-choice-of-crumb-topping/
Title:
Apple Pie by Grandma Ople with choice of crumb topping Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 recipe pastry for a 9 inch double crust pie
1/2 cup unsalted butter
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1/4 cup water
1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 cup white sugar
1/2 cup packed brown sugar
1 egg white only
8 Granny Smith apples - peeled, cored and sliced
If using crumb topping then:
1 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 cup brown sugar
1/2 cup butter firm not hard

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Melt the butter in a saucepan. Stir in flour to form a paste. Add water, cinnamon, white sugar and brown sugar, and bring to a boil. Reduce temperature and let simmer.
Place the bottom crust in your pan. Brush bottom of pie crust with beaten egg white. Fill with apples, mounded slightly. Cover with a lattice work crust (if crumb topping skip lattice and keep following recipe) and gently pour the sugar and butter liquid over the apples.  Pour slowly so that it does not run off.  If lastice skip to baking otherwise to make the crumb topping, mix flour, brown sugar and butter until crumbly (start with bread kneader then use mix attachment for smaller crumbs). Sprinkle over pie.
Bake 15 minutes in the preheated oven. Reduce the temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Continue baking for 15 minutes then cover with foil and cook another 20 minutes, until apples are soft.

Submitter: 
THE BEAVER FAMILY
Description: 
Grandmas from all around can be proud of this unique recipe that brings fabulous results. Sliced apples are mounded in a prepared pie shell, covered with a latticed crust, and just before slipping into the oven, doused with a sugary butter syrup.Modified from: Apple Pie by Grandma Ople
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
