URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62567055/jalapeno-stuffed-and-wrapped-with-bacon/
Title:
Jalapeno Stuffed and Wrapped with Bacon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
12 -24 large jalapeno peppers ( as large as possible)16 ounces cream cheese, room temp. ( 2 packages Philadelphia works best)
4 large garlic cloves, minced
1/4 cup finely chopped sun-dried tomatoes
2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro
1/2 teaspoon coarse sea salt ( to taste)
1 lb bacon
Toothpicks, soaked for about 15 minutes in water

Directions:
Mix cream cheese, garlic, sundried tomatoes, cilantro and salt until well blended. You can now set the mixture aside or even freeze for up to a couple of months in a freezer bag.
You'll want to wear some kitchen gloves for this step! Slice the jalapeños lengthwise, being careful not to slice them in half. Then slice at the top along the width of the pepper just about a quarter inch below the base of the stem until you cut through the core, again being careful not to cut completely through the pepper (This step will probably take some practice). Now you need to decide whether you want to keep the seed webbing for those that like it really hot, or remove them for a lot less heat. I like to do about half and half so that you can please everyone. Anyway, if removing the seeds, gently remove the core using a paring knife by spreading the pepper carefully, you may need to shake some of the remaining seeds out.
Separate the strips of bacon and cook in the microwave for about 5 minutes on high, just enough to give it a head start. Then pat dry with paper towels. Just to soak up some of the grease. Set it aside to cool.
Fill either a pastry bag or just a freezer bag (cutting one corner out), and pipe some of the filling into each pepper until full but still able to almost close the pepper.
Wrap each pepper with a strip of bacon then use two or three toothpicks to secure the pepper closed.
Place the jalapeños on a medium heat grill and cook until the bacon is crisp. you'll need to turn frequently to heat them evenly. You may even want to use foil to prevent the mess. I find that by cooking the bacon a little first and not over filling that you'll get minimal mess however.
Let them sit for about 5 to 10 minutes and serve them up! Don't forget which ones have the

Submitter: 
Kevin Amy Kayla Ethan
Description: 
Delicious and not to hot if you remove all the seeds. Some people still find it to hot but most ask for the recipe!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
45
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
