URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62566918/best-flaky-pie-crust/
Title:
Best Flaky Pie Crust Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/564871.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 packet Splenda ®  (optional)
1/2 cup shortening, chilled
4 tablespoons ice water
1 teaspoon  vinegar

Directions:
Whisk the flour, salt, and Splenda (R) together in a large sized bowl.  With a pastry cutter, cut in the cold shortening until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs.  Drizzle 2 tablespoons ice water over flour.  Toss mixture with a fork to moisten, then add 2 more tablespoons of water and gently mix. Add the vinegar and continue to mix with the fork until the dough comes together.  Then gently gather dough particles together into a ball.  Wrap in plastic wrap, and chill for at least 30 minutes before rolling. Roll out the dough between two pieces of waxed paper.  Then roll it up onto your rolling pin (carefully remove the bottom piece of waxed paper as you roll it onto the rolling pin) and gently unroll it over a pie plate. Gently remove the top piece of waxed paper and  carefully press it into the pan with your fingers. Cut the edges to 1/2 inch over-hang and fold them over. Save pieces for patching. Chill it in the refridgerator while you fix your filling.  Fill with desired filling and bake. If you fix a double crust, make the bottom crust and chill it while you make the top crust. Then chill them both while you're fixing the filling so  that the crust can rest and better retain its shape. (**Roll the top crust a little thinner than the bottom crust and leave it in between the sheets of waxed paper while it's in the refridgerator)

Submitter: 
Tracy Ann
Description: 
Ice Cold vegetable shortening (keep shortening sticks in the freezer) and ice water do the trick to make this classic crust true to its name.Modified from: Basic Flaky Pie Crust
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 - 40 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
