URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62561162/chicken-paprikash/
Title:
Chicken Paprikash Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, cut into bite-sized pieces
4 tablespoons bacon drippings, divided
6 pats butter, divided
1 large chopped onion
1 red bell pepper, chopped
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
2 tablespoons paprika
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon red pepper flakes
1 cup chicken stock
1 (14-16 oz) can diced tomatoes, undrained
1 teaspoon Wondra flour
1 (16 ounce) container sour cream + 1 more for topping

Directions:
In a large skillet, heat 1 tablespoon drippings and 1 pat butter over medium-high heat.
Add 1/4 of the chicken and brown on all sides, about 4 to 6 minutes total.
Remove chicken from skillet and set aside.
Repeat, adding drippings and butter as needed.
Using the same skillet, cook onion and bell pepper in 2 pats of butter until onion is translucent but not brown, about 5 to 8 minutes.
Add garlic powder, paprika, salt and red pepper flakes; mix well and heat for 2 to 3 minutes, stirring often.
Pour chicken stock and tomatoes into the skillet; bring to a boil.
Return chicken to the skillet.
Reduce heat to medium and simmer for 15 or 20 minutes or until chicken is cooked through.
Let cool and pour into a refrigerator dish; refrigerate overnight or until ready to serve.
In a large, deep skillet, bring liquid from chicken mixture to a simmer.
Mix flour with 16 oz. sour cream until smooth, then whisk into chicken liquid.
Simmer for 2 to 3 minutes, whisking constantly, or until sauce begins to thicken.
Taste for seasoning and add more salt, garlic powder and paprika as needed.
Place chicken in skillet; simmer until chicken is heated through and sauce has thickened.
Serve over egg noodles with additional sour cream on the side.

Submitter: 
Fishwrap
Description: 
Using bacon drippings adds depth of flavor to this traditional dish, and refrigerating it for several hours enhances the taste.Modified from: Sour Cream Chicken Paprika
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
1 h and 20 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
