URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62563870/truffles-framboise/
Title:
TRUFFLES FRAMBOISE Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Truffles
8 ounces white chocolate
4 tablespoons heavy cream
4 teaspoons Chambord
½ cup sifted powdered sugar
Shells
16 ounces white chocolate
Candied violets

Directions:
For the truffles: Place the white chocolate in a food processor.  Process into a fine grind (do not remove from processor).  Boil cream and add Chambord.  Pour cream mixture through feed tube of processor with motor running.  Process until smooth, scraping sides and bottom.  Pour truffle mixture into a bowl and place in freezer for about 30 minutes to set.
Spoon individual bite size truffle mounds on a wax paper lined baking sheet that has been dusted with powdered sugar.  Return truffles to freezer until firm yet pliable.
Roll the chilled mounds into balls, dusting hands and truffles with powdered sugar.  Return to freezer.
For the truffle cups:  Melt the white chocolate over low heat.  Remove from heat.  Place pan with melted chocolate on a warming plate set to lowest temperature setting.  Place a wax paper lined baking sheet immediately next to pan.
Remove truffles from freezer 1 at a time for dipping.  Use 2 fingers to cradle frozen centers.  Dip truffles into warm chocolate to coat entirely.  Shake off excess chocolate and place on wax paper.  Garnish tops of each truffle with a candied violet.  Refrigerate to set completely.  Be sure to stir chocolate between dippings to maintain an even temperature.
Peel the firm truffles from the wax paper and place in candy cups.  Truffles will keep refrigerated for about 10 days.  Makes 20 truffles.

Submitter: 
Joanie
Description: 
These white chocolate truffles taste like you bit into a sweet, ripe raspberry. They are so delicious! A perfect compliment to your CHristmas cookies and candy assortment.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
