URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62564460/gingerbreadraspberry-trifle/
Title:
Gingerbread/Raspberry Trifle Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/538458.jpg
Ingredients:
FOR THE GINGERBREAD:
I used a boxed gingerbread mix.
FOR THE VANILLA CUSTARD:
9 large eggs
3/4 cup sugar
1/4 cup flour
3 cups whole milk
1 1/4 teaspoons vanilla extract
FOR THE FILLING AND GARNISH:
3 1/2 (12-ounce) packages frozen unsweetened raspberries, thawed and drained
1 cup chilled heavy cream
2 teaspoons confectioners' sugar
3 tablespoons sugar
1/2 pint fresh raspberries
For added Christmas decoration I used Spearmint Leaves Candy sliced in half lengthwise to make holly

Directions:
Make the Gingerbread according to package. Cool completely and cover with plastic wrap. Can be stored up to 2 days at room temp.
Make the Custard: Divide the egg yolks & whites into separate bowls.(The whites will not be used) In a large bowl on med-high speed, beat the yolks & sugar until the mixture is pale yellow & thick, about 2 to 3 mins. Reduce the speed to low and beat in the flour.
In a medium saucepan, bring the milk to a boil. Slowly pour half the milk into the egg mixture and beat until blended, then pour the mixture into the remaining milk in the pan. Over medium heat, bring to a boil while whisking constantly. Allow the custard to boil for 1 min. as you continue to whisk. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the vanilla.
Let the custard cool slightly, then cover with plastic wrap to prevent a skin from forming. Let the custard cool completely, then refrigerate until ready to use (up to 3 days).
Assemble the Trifle: In a medium bowl, toss the thawed raspberries and sugar. Remove the gingerbread from the pan and use a serrated knife to slice it into 8 equal wedges. Turn each wedge on its side and slice it into three equal pieces. Cut off 1 1/2 inches from the tips, reserving them.
Arrange a layer of six cake wedges over the bottom of a 2 1/2-quart trifle bowl. Fill the center with a few of the tips. Spread 3/4 cup of the raspberry mixture over the cake, then top the fruit with 1 cup of custard. Repeat three more times.
Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 3 hrs. to let the flavors meld (can be stored overnight).
Whipped cream: In a med bowl on med-high speed whip the cream with the confectioners' sugar until soft peaks form, about 3 mins. Spread with spatula onto trifle & top with fresh raspberries & leaves.

Submitter: 
Bethany Campbell
Description: 
I made this recipe to take to a Christmas party. Everyone LOVED it; from the presentation to the very last bite. They cleaned out the bowl! Even a gentlaman who doesn't eat many desserts raved about how good it was and that he could keep eating it.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 h plus chilling
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
NA
