URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62577920/prosciutto-wrapped-scallops-with-spinach/
Title:
Prosciutto-Wrapped Scallops with Spinach Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/546577.jpg
Ingredients:
12 large dry sea scallops, (about 1 pound; see Note)
1/4 teaspoon lemon pepper
1 1/4 ounces very thinly sliced prosciutto, (about 3 slices), cut into 12 long strips
3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
1 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest
1 tablespoon lemon juice
1/4 teaspoon salt
Freshly ground pepper, to taste
12 ounces baby spinach

Directions:
1.Place rack in upper third of oven; preheat broiler. Coat a large baking sheet with cooking spray.
2.Pat scallops dry and sprinkle both sides with lemon pepper. Wrap 1 piece of prosciutto around each scallop. Thread 3 scallops crosswise onto each skewer (securing the prosciutto to the scallop) and place on the prepared baking sheet. Broil until just cooked through, about 6 minutes.
3.Meanwhile, whisk oil, lemon zest, lemon juice, salt and pepper in a medium bowl. Reserve 1 tablespoon vinaigrette in a small bowl.
4.Place spinach in a colander and rinse under cold water. Heat a large skillet over medium heat. When hot, add handfuls of spinach (with water still clinging to it) to the pan and cook, stirring, until just wilted, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain the spinach and add to the medium bowl; toss to coat with the vinaigrette. Divide the spinach among 4 plates and top each portion with 3 scallops. Drizzle the scallops with the reserved vinaigrette.

Submitter: 
Irene Padilla Lopez
Description: 
This take on the classic bacon-wrapped appetizer uses prosciutto instead to wrap meaty scallops. High-quality Italian prosciutto, found at well-stocked supermarkets or Italian specialty stores, has an incomparable melt-in-your-mouth texture. It's more expensive, but you only need a little for this recipe. Make it a meal: Serve with an unoaked chardonnay and our recipe for Wild Rice Salad.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
