URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62577683/chocolate-fudge-by-dad/
Title:
Chocolate Fudge by Dad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
• 3 cups white sugar
• 1/2 cup cocoa
• 1 cup milk
• 1 tbsp. corn syrup
• 1/2 cup of butter, divided + 1 tsp.
• 1 tsp vanilla
Tools
A good candy thermometer.
1 cup measuring cup
Measuring spoons
A wire whisk or a sifter

Directions:
With butter, grease an 8 or 9” square glass cake pan. Sift or whisk together the sugar and cocoa in a heavy 2 quart saucepan. Add the milk and stir until blended. Turn on the heat to about 80% and bring to a furious boil. While heat is building, add ¼ cup of butter + 1 tsp and stir until it melts. As you are stirring, make sure that every single crystal of sugar is in the stir and none on the rim of your pot. After it reaches a boil, any more sugar into the pot can ruin the batch. Once the fudge reaches a hard boil, keep it there for one minute and add 1 tbsp. Corn Syrup. Watch closely as this can boil over easily. Reduce the heat to 30% immediately. You may want to remove it from the heat briefly to give the element a chance to back down and the fudge a chance to slow. Insert your candy thermometer and without stirring any further, bring the temperature slowly up to 235F to 240F degrees, no higher. Do not stir.
Remove from the heat immediately when it reaches 238F and add the 1 tsp. of vanilla along with the remaining 1/4 cup of butter. Begin stirring.
The stirring is hard. It’s labour intensive and takes a long time. How long? It’s a judgment call. Some recipes will say to stir it until the shine comes off the fudge but that’s way too long. If you stir it until then, you’ll have no time to get it in the pan before it hardens. I’d say go until you feel the heat coming off lessen and it begins to thicken in the pan, about 4 minutes. Then, quickly, using a silicon spatula, pour/herd the fudge into the prepared glass pan.
Into the fridge with it.

Submitter: 
Randy Schultz
Description: 
The best Chocolate fudge known to mankind. A traditional cooked candy style fudge. Making fudge is a full time effort. Once you begin, stay with it until you get it in the pan. Read the entire recipe before attempting to make fudge.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
