URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62571154/shrimp-saltimbocca-with-polenta/
Title:
Shrimp Saltimbocca with Polenta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/542587.jpg
Ingredients:
1 16- to 18-ounce tube polenta, cut into 8 rounds
1 thin slice prosciutto (about 1/2 ounce)
2 tablespoons lemon juice
1 1/4 teaspoons cornstarch
1 pound peeled and deveined raw shrimp (21-25 per pound)
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, divided
1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil
2 tablespoons finely diced onion
3/4 cup clam juice (see Note) or reduced-sodium chicken broth
1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage or 3/4 teaspoon dried rubbed

Directions:
1.Position rack in center of oven; preheat broiler. Coat a baking sheet with cooking spray.
2.Place polenta rounds and prosciutto on the baking sheet. Broil on the center rack until the prosciutto is crisp, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer the prosciutto to a plate. Continue broiling the polenta, turning once, until golden brown, about 10 to 12 minutes per side.
3.Meanwhile, whisk lemon juice and cornstarch in a small bowl. Sprinkle shrimp with 1/8 teaspoon pepper. Heat oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add onion and cook, stirring, until beginning to brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Add shrimp and cook, stirring, until the shrimp just turn pink but aren’t cooked through, about 2 minutes. Pour in clam juice (or broth), bring to a boil and cook until the liquid is slightly reduced, about 2 minutes more.
4.Whisk the cornstarch mixture again and add to the pan along with sage and the remaining 1/8 teaspoon pepper. Cook, stirring, until thickened, 1 to 2 minutes. Top the polenta with the shrimp and sauce, crumble the prosciutto over the top and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Irene Padilla Lopez
Description: 
Saltimbocca is an Italian word that literally means “jump mouth,” presumably because of its bold flavors. The dish is traditionally made with veal and seasoned with sage and prosciutto. We love these flavors in our simple version made with shrimp. Store-bought polenta turns golden brown under the broiler for an easy accompaniment. Serve with: Sautéed green beans and red peppers.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
