URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62576216/gluten-free-chocolate-cake-with-semi-sweet-chocolate-icing/
Title:
Gluten-Free Chocolate Cake with Semi-Sweet Chocolate Icing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup sorghum flour
1/2 cup tapioca flour
1/2 cup rice flour
1 cup cocoa powder, sifted
1 1/2 teaspoons xanthan gum
2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 cup butter at room temperature
3/4 cup (packed) dark brown sugar
1 cup white sugar
3 eggs
2 egg yolks
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 1/2 cups buttermilk
5 ounces chocolate chips
1/2 cup sour cream
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 tablespoon heavy cream

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13 inch pan and set aside.
In a medium bowl, sift together the sorghum, tapioca, and rice flours with the cocoa powder, xanthan gum, baking powder, and baking soda.
In a large mixer bowl, cream the butter until light and fluffy. Slowly beat in the brown and white sugars; whip until fluffy. Beat in the eggs and egg yolks one at a time. Add the vanilla. On low speed, alternately combine the buttermilk with the flour mixture. Pour batter into prepared pan.
Bake in preheated oven for 30 to 35 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Cool in pan.
To make the icing, in the top of a double boiler over medium high heat, melt the chocolate chips (or use microwave). Remove from heat and cool until warm. Stir in the sour cream and vanilla; add heavy cream. Stir in additional heavy cream to make desired consistency. Once the cake is thoroughly cool, spread a thin layer of frosting over the top.

Submitter: 
Tracy Ann
Description: 
An easy, no-frills chocolate cake made gluten-free with sorghum, tapioca, and rice flours, and frosted with a simple icing using melted semi-sweet chocolate morsels.Modified from: Gluten-Free Chocolate Cake with Semi-Sweet Chocolate Icing
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
