URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62579998/sour-cream-chocolate-cake-with-peanut-butter-frosting-and-choco-peanut-butter-glaze/
Title:
Sour Cream Chocolate Cake with Peanut Butter Frosting and Choco-Peanut Butter Glaze Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/547803.jpg
Ingredients:
Cake:
2 cups all-purpose flour
2 ½ cups sugar
¾ cup unsweetened cocoa powder, preferably Dutch process
2 teaspoons baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup vegetable or canola oil
1 cup sour cream
1 ¼ cups water
2 tablespoons distilled white vinegar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 eggs
Peanut Butter Frosting:
Makes about 5 cups
10 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature
1 stick (4 ounces) unsalted butter, at room temperature
5 cups confectioners’ sugar, sifted
2/3 cup smooth peanut butter,commercial brand (because oil won't separate out)
In a large bowl with an electric mixer, beat the cream cheese and butter until light and fluffy. Gradually add the confectioners’ sugar 1 cup at a time, mixing thoroughly after each addition and scraping down the sides of the bowl often. Continue to beat on medium speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes.
Add the peanut butter and beat until thoroughly blended.
Chocolate Peanut Butter Glaze:
Makes about 1 1/2 cups
8 ounces semisweet chocolate, coarsely chopped
3 tablespoons smooth peanut butter
2 tablespoons light corn syrup
1/2 cup half-and-half
In the top of d double boiler or in a bowl set over simmering water, combine the chocolate, peanut butter, and corn syrup. Cook, whisking often, until the chocolate is melted and the mixture is smooth.
Remove from the heat and whisk in the half-and-half, beating until smooth. Use while still warm.
½-1 cup chopped peanut brittle or nuts, for decoration (optional)

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter the bottoms and sides of three 8-inch round cake pans or two nine inch pans. Line the bottom of each pan with a round of parchment or waxed paper and butter the paper.
Sift the flour, sugar, cocoa powder, baking soda, and salt into a large bowl. Whisk to combine them well. Add the oil and sour cream and whisk to blend. Gradually beat in the water. Blend in the vinegar and vanilla. Whisk in the eggs and beat until well blended. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and be sure the batter is well mixed. Divide among the 3 prepared cake pans.
Bake for 30 to 35 minutes, or until a cake tester or wooden toothpick inserted in the center comes out almost clean. Let cool in the pans for about 20 minutes. Invert onto wire racks, carefully peel off the paper liners, wrap layers in plastic wrap and place in freezer until ready to frost, at least one hour.
To frost the cake, place one layer, flat side up, on a cake stand or large serving plate. Spread 2/3 cup cup of the Peanut Butter Frosting evenly over the top. Repeat with the next layer. Place the last layer on top and frost the top and sides of the cake with the remaining frosting.
To decorate with the Chocolate–Peanut Butter Glaze, put the cake plate on a large baking sheet to catch any drips. Simply pour the glaze over the top of the cake, and using an offset spatula, spread it evenly over the top just to the edges so that it runs down the sides of the cake in long drips. Refrigerate, uncovered, for at least 30 minutes to allow the glaze and frosting to set completely. Remove about 1 hour before serving. Decorate the top or bottom of cake with chopped peanut brittle or nuts.

Submitter: 
The Wallace Clan
Description: 
What is not to love about this combo?
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
60
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
