URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62579317/rock-salt-encrusted-prime-rib/
Title:
Rock Salt Encrusted Prime Rib Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
13 pounds standing rib roast (weight with bones), top fat trimmed
Olive Oil
Garlic powder
Black pepper
Italian Seasoning
8-10 cups rock salt
6-8 cups all-purpose flour
2 tablespoons fresh rosemary
2 cups water, or more if needed

Directions:
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Two days before cooking, rub the roast with a little olive oil and liberally season with garlic powder, black pepper, and Italian seasoning.  Cover with plastic wrap and let set in refrigerator until time to cook.
Right before cooking, mix the rock salt, flour, rosemary together in a bowl. Slowly add water and mix with a large spoon until a thick paste is formed.  Spread a 1 inch thick layer of rock salt in the bottom of a large roasting pan and place the meat, rib side down on the rock salt.  Place spoonfulls of batter on the meat until it is completely covered.  Insert meat thermometer into the roast with its gauge positioned to be visible from the front of the oven (or use a regular meat thermometer).  Cook in preheated, 450 degree oven for 10 to 15 minutes. Remove, and use remaining salt batter to patch any holes or breaks in the coating.  Reduce the heat of the oven to 250 degrees.
Return roast to the oven, and cook until internal temperature reaches 130 degrees F.  This takes about 4 hours.   Remove roast, and rest 20 to 30 minutes until internal temperature reaches 140 degrees F (60 degrees C). Chip off the crust and discard and then slice to serve.

Submitter: 
ranchwife
Description: 
Seal in flavor and juices with this novel way of cooking roast beef. Wrapped in a salt batter, the beef's moisture and natural juices are sealed in keeping the meat extra tender and delicious. Make au jus separately since the roast's drippings will be too salty to use.Modified from: Rock Salt Encrusted Prime Rib
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
4 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
