URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62573818/vegan-chocolate-peppermint-cream-bars/
Title:
Vegan Chocolate Peppermint Cream Bars Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/544336.jpg
Ingredients:
Bottom Layer Ingredients
1 cup sugar
1/3 cup Earth Balance® Vegan Buttery Sticks ?
1 1/4 cups chocolate chips??
1/2 cup Earth Balance™ Soymilk
2/3 cup cocoa powder??
3/4 tsp. vanilla extract?
2 scant cups flour
1/8 tsp. salt
Peppermint Cream Ingredients
1/2 cup Earth Balance® Vegan Buttery Sticks
2 1/4 cups powdered sugar??
2 tsp. peppermint extract??
3-4 drops green food coloring (optional, but attractive)??
2 tbsp. Earth Balance™ Soymilk, plus more if needed?
Chocolate Layer Ingredients
1 1/4 cups chocolate chips??
2 tbsp. Earth Balance® Vegan Buttery Sticks or Shortening

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350°F.?
Bottom Layer: Melt the chocolate chips either in the microwave or in a glass bowl placed in boiling water. ?
Remove from heat and stir in the soy milk and the cocoa powder. ?
Cream together Earth Balance and sugar with a strong fork, then add in the chocolate/soy milk/cocoa mixture and stir until incorporated. ?
Add the vanilla, then the flour and salt. No need to sift.
In an 8×8-inch baking pan LINED WITH PARCHMENT PAPER (I cannot stress enough the importance), press out the dough evenly. ?
Bake for 14-18 minutes or until the center is firm and the edges are done, then cool.
Peppermint Cream: Meanwhile, cream together the Earth Balance and powdered sugar.
Add in the peppermint extract and food coloring (if using).
Gradually add the soy milk until the mixture kind of resembles frosting. If it’s liquid, add more powdered sugar. If it’s stiff or dry, add more soy milk.
Chill in the fridge until the bottom layer is cooled.
Chocolate Layer (Make this at the last minute): Melt the chocolate chips and shortening in a glass bowl in boiling water, or over a double boiler.
Assembly: Spread the bottom layer evenly with peppermint cream, then chill in the freezer for about 5 minutes. ?
Remove, then spread the top with the chocolate, creating a swirl pattern if you like. The chocolate will not spread out evenly due to the peppermint layer, but if you want it to be smooth, do a second layer of chocolate, halving the chocolate layer ingredients.
Let set, then cut as you like and enjoy!

Submitter: 
Momi
Description: 
Kelly Peloza The Vegan Cookie Connoisseur
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
90 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
