URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62578328/pan-fried-tilapia-with-tomatillo-red-pepper-sauce/
Title:
Pan fried Tilapia with Tomatillo Red Pepper Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Sauce:
1  large red bell pepper
1  cup  diced tomatillo (about 5)
Salt and pepper
1  garlic clove, minced
Large handful of fresh parsley leaves
2  tbsp  rice vinegar
1  tsp  honey
Fish:
2  tbsp  flour
2  tsp  chili powder
1 tsp  dried oregano
4 tilapia fillets
Salt and freshly ground black pepper
Canola oil
1 lemon, cut in half
Cilantro sprigs (optional)

Directions:
Preheat broiler.
Cut bell pepper in half and then in half again (now 4 pieces). Discard seeds and membranes. Place fourths, skin sides up, on a baking sheet lined with foil and sprayed with cooking spray.
Broil 10-15 minutes or until blackened. Place in a zip lock bag, seal. Let stand for 10 minutes, then peel and cut into medium sized pieces.
Heat a little oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add tomatillo to pan and until tender. Add a pinch of salt and the garlic to pan; cook 1 minute. Transfer mixture to a blender or food processor. Add bell pepper, parsley, vinegar, and honey. Blend until smooth; set aside.
In a shallow bowl combine the flour, chili powder and oregano and stir with whisk. Sprinkle each filet evenly with salt and pepper. Dredge in the flour mixture.
Heat 2 tsp canola oil in pan over med-high heat. Add fish to pan, and cook 2 minutes or until lightly browned. Carefully flip fish over, and cook 4 minutes or until fish flakes easily.
Remove from pan and place on platter. Squeeze lemon over fish, being careful not to drop in seeds. Serve fish with sauce. (I like to heat up the sauce a little bit in the microwave.)

Submitter: 
Sarah
Description: 
This recipe is a fantastic way to make use of tomatillos in a simple way. As a sauce, it is perfect for the light and versatile tilapia. You'll love it and want to make more!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
30
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
