URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62573243/fresh-strawberry-scones/
Title:
Fresh Strawberry Scones Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup ripe strawberries - cleaned, hulled and diced
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 cup light cream
2 cups all-purpose flour
1/3 cup white sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1 1/2 teaspoons lemon zest
6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Place diced strawberries on paper towels to absorb liquid. Combine the cream with the vanilla extract in a small pitcher, and set aside.
Whisk the flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, nutmeg, and lemon zest together in a mixing bowl. Cut the cold butter into chunks and add to the flour mixture. Use a pastry blender to cut in butter until mixture resembles coarse, pea-sized crumbs. Stir in strawberries, and gently toss ingredients. Make a hole in the middle of the flour mixture; pour cream mixture into the hole. Quickly stir dough together until just blended. Allow dough to rest 2 minutes.
Turn dough out onto a lightly floured work surface; and knead until smooth and satiny, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer dough to prepared baking sheet and pat into an 8-inch round. Use a serrated knife to cut the round into 8 wedge-shaped pieces. Separate wedges on the baking sheet, leaving at least 1/2 inch space between each.
Bake in preheated oven until tops are light brown and crusty, 16 to 18 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack, and cool 20 minutes before serving.
**Dough is quite wet, you can add 1/4 cup more flour for a stiffer dough.

Submitter: 
Qhhunters
Description: 
Perfect for breakfast or as a snack, diced strawberries add fresh summer flavor to these buttery cream scones with a hint of lemon and nutmeg.Modified from: Fresh Strawberry Scones
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
56 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
