URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62579089/marvels-simple-yogurt/
Title:
Marvel's Simple Yogurt Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/547227.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup of milk -- Skim, 2%, or full fat
3 tbs of plain "live" yogurt (Look for the words "active culture" on the ingredients label)
A thermometer

Directions:
Put pasturized milk in a clean container. A container with a lid is useful, but you can use plastic wrap
Blend the live yogurt mix into milk, set aside
Heat water to 115 degrees in a pot that's deep enough to hold your container
Add your container to the pot.  You want the water level to come to about an inch below the container
Keep at a constant heat (between 108 and 115 degrees F) for 4 hours +.  The longer, the tangier. A heating pad, a warming tray, slow cooker, a pilot light (remember those!), even a beer cooler can work, but you'll have to add some warmer water every hour or so.  Once you find the right heating source, you're home free
I prepare it at night so it's ready in the morning, seven or eight hours is perfectly fine
After 4 hours or so jiggle the container.  The yogurt should be set, if not keep going for another hour and check.  Refrigerate for a couple hours to firm up or just eat as is
There may be some liquid (whey) on the top which you can drink, mix in or pour off
Save a few tablespoons of the yogurt for the next batch
Don't stir the yogurt mixture until it's set or you'll get sloppy yogurt
TIP: To thicken just spoon cooled yogurt into a large tea strainer placed in a big tumbler, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate an hour.  The whey will drain into the cup.  You'll be left with a tangy, spreadable, creamy "yogurt cheese".

Submitter: 
Marvel's Kitchen
Description: 
Snowed in? Bored? Want to save a few bucks? Make your own yogurt at home... it's so simple!  Make it with the kids and they'll have to try some!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
4 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
