URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62571778/fresh-salsa-i/
Title:
Fresh Salsa I Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/542949.jpg
Ingredients:
2-4 jalapeno chile peppers (depending on hotness)
5 cloves garlic, finely chopped
1 onion, finely chopped and divided in half
2 teaspoons sugar
2 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt
3/4 teaspoon ground cumin
1 (10 ounce) can diced tomatoes with green chile peppers (Ro*Tel)
1 (14 ounce) diced  tomatoes
Juice of one large lime or (1 ½ - 2  small)
1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro (more or less to taste)
1 (28 ounce) can whole peeled tomatoes
OR 2 (14 ounce) petite diced (for chunky salsa)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Place jalapeno chile peppers on a medium baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven 17 - 20 minutes, or until roasted. Remove from heat and chop off stems and coarsely slice.
Place jalapeno chile peppers, half the chopped onion, garlic, sugar, salt, ground cumin, cilantro, lime juice and diced tomatoes with green chile peppers in a blender or food processor. Chop using the pulse setting for a few seconds.
(For restaurant style or less chunky salsa), mix in large can of whole peeled tomatoes and can of diced tomatoes. Chop using the pulse setting to attain desired consistency.  Add rest of chopped onion and stir. Transfer to a 2 qt. bowl. Cover and chill in the refrigerator until serving.
OR (for chunky salsa) add a can of diced tomatoes and using the pulse setting to attain desired consistency. Mix in the rest of the chopped onions, the other 2 cans petite diced tomatoes and stir. Transfer to a 2 qt. bowl. Cover and chill in the refrigerator until serving.

Submitter: 
Kilyena
Description: 
This all-purpose salsa is great on tortilla chips, tacos and other Mexican-style favorites. Roasted jalapeno chile peppers give the salsa an excellent flavor.Modified from: Fresh Salsa I
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
48
Nutritional Facts:
NA
