URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62586998/bacon-wrapped-meatloaf/
Title:
Bacon Wrapped Meatloaf Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/551768.jpg
Ingredients:
2 pounds of ground meat (beef, turkey or a mixture of both)
1 pound of sweet italian sausage, casings removed
1 large spanish onion, finely chopped
2 tablespoons of olive or grape seed oil
1/2 cup of sofrito
4 garlic cloves minced
1/4 cup of chopped fresh cilantro
1 teaspoon of dried parsley
1 1/2 teaspoons of italian seasoning
1/4 cup of plain bread crumbs
1/4 cup of oats
1 teaspoon of paprika
1 teaspoon of black pepper
1 teaspoon of adobo
1 envelope of sazon
1 tablespoon of worcestershire sauce
2 eggs well beaten
1 pack of low sodium bacon
1/4 cup of brown sugar
3 tablespoons of soy sauce
3 tablespoons of duck sauce or apricot jam

Directions:
Combine ground meat and ground sausage until combined.
In a pan heat oil. Add garlic and diced onions and cook until fragrant and softened. Add sofrito, cilantro and dried herbs. Cook for a few minutes until combined. Allow to cool.
Add cooled onion mixture to the ground meat. Add bread crumbs, oats, spices and worchestire sauce. Add beaten eggs and mix until combined. Do not overmix or mixture will be tough.
On a sheet tray shape mixture into an oblong meatloaf shape. wrap with bcon strips diagonally trimming them to fit.
Combine brown sugar, soysauce and apricot jam. Brush over bacon with a pastry brush.
Cook on a preheated oven for an hour and 15 minutes brushing with brown sugar glaze every twenty minutes. After an hour and 15 minutes raise the oven to broil and broil for 5 minutes until the bacon is crisp. Remove from oven and allow to rest 10 minutes before cutting.

Submitter: 
MKCortes (Latin Goddess)
Description: 
This meatloaf is superb! It is moist, succulent and very flavorful. The crisp bacon and brown sugar glaze add a delightful twist to a standard meatloaf.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
