URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62585607/roasted-corn-chowder-optional-smoked-salmon-chowder/
Title:
Roasted Corn Chowder (optional Smoked Salmon Chowder) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/550987.jpg
Ingredients:
Fresh or fresh frozen sweet white corn (16 oz package).  6-8 medium potatoes. 1 large or two small yellow  onions.  1 pound package of bacon.  1/4 cup of fresh chopped italian parsley.  4-5 cloves of crushed chopped garlic.  1 teaspoon of tarragon.   1/2 teaspoon of paprika.  1 teaspoon of dried celery flakes.  3-4 cups of chicken stock.  3 table spoons butter.  1/2 cup of half and half (I used fat free to reduce the fat). Fresh grated medium  cheddar cheese.  Salt and pepper to taste. NOTE:  When I add Smoked Salmon, i delete the cheese.  Smoked Salmon is strong, a little goes a long way.  start with a couple oz and then add more until you get the flavor you prefer.  Remember the salmon will also be salty so don't over salt the soup before adding the salmon.  Put in the salmon about 10 minutes before the end, let if warm and flavor then do final salt and pepper to taste just before adding the butter and cream.

Directions:
in a skillet you can stick in the oven, over medium heat start with about 1 table spoon of butter melted in the pan.  saute the corn with the tarragon and salt and pepper to taste.  Start a little caramelization (a little browning on some of the corn.  about 5-7 minutes stirring several times. then Throw the pan uncovered in a preheated 425 deg. oven for about 20 minutes.  Again stirring about every 5 minutes to evenly roast but not dry out the corn.  at the same time as the corn is cooking, fry the bacon to medium crispy in a large dutch oven or heavy bottom 4-5 quart pot. Drain and crumble or chop to medium course (1/2 " pieces). Drain all but about a table spoon of the bacon fat.  In the pot now caramelize the course chopped onion.  then add into the pot the roasted corn, bacon(save enough out for garnish at the end), garlic, parsley, paprika, celery and chicken stock.  bring to boil and deglaze the bottom of the pot from frying the bacon.  add the potatoes (diced small - 1/2 cubes), turn down and simmer for 30-45 minutes.  Taste several times during the simmer and salt and pepper to taste.  small amounts each time to not over do it.  I don't give you a salt and pepper measurement because I find this is such a personal taste issue. So many receipts have way to much salt my my taste.  Best to taste and season several times until you have it the way you like it.  Remember that as the stock reduces the salt will concentrate so don't over do it early.   If you have time, chill and refrigerate it for a day or two if I can. If not, you can serve same day if you want. Re-heat, and just before serving stir in about two table spoons of (real) unsalted butter and the half and half.  Garnish with bacon, cheese and fresh parsley to your liking.  Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Will Bullock
Description: 
Roasted Fresh Corn and Potato Chowder/soup.  Hard to beat on a chilly day!  For a twist add just a few oz of smoked salmon and have an incredible British Columbia inspired Smoked Salmon Corn Chowder.  Had this in a little cafe on a dock in Vancouver BC while waiting for a sea plane to take me to the outer west coast of Vancouver Island for a late season Salmon Fishing trip.  I spend several years playing around with it to recreate it.  Don't know if I matched theirs exactly, but I have come up with this basic roasted corn chowder receipt that turns into a great smoked salmon chowder too.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30-45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
