URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62586647/southwestern-chipotle-kasha-salad/
Title:
Southwestern Chipotle Kasha Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup roasted buckwheat groats
1 egg, lightly beaten
2 cups broth or water
2-3 spring onions, chopped
2-3 tablespoons fresh cilantro, chopped
1 14 oz. can of corn, drained
1 14 oz. can of black beans, rinsed and drained
1/2 cup nopalitos (pickled cactus leaves), chopped
1 cube (approx. 1/2 tsp.) chipotle seasoning
Salt to taste

Directions:
Heat a large skillet over medium heat and add the buckwheat. If you are NOT using a non-stick skillet you may want to add a little oil to the hot pan.
Add the beaten egg to the pan and stir it into the groats immediately. Move quickly to prevent the egg from congealing into a large mass. The egg helps to keep the buckwheat groats from sticking together. Break up any clumps of egg and grain that may occur. You may skip this step and omit the egg, but this may result in a less firmly textured grain.
When the groat/egg mixture is dry and the grains separated, add the broth or water, bring to a boil, cover and reduce heat to a low simmer for approx. 20 minutes, or until all liquid is absorbed.
Add the cooked buckwheat to the remaining ingredients in a large bowl and mix together gently. Add salt to taste. May be served warm or chilled.

Submitter: 
Blancheskid
Description: 
An alternative to Tabbouleh, this dish came about after discovering I was intolerant of wheat. The term kasha refers to any dish that uses a whole grain as the main ingredient, in this case roasted buckwheat. Any whole grain may be substituted, but the earthy, nutty flavor of buckwheat works very well against the sweetness of the corn and the heat of the chipotle seasoning in this dish, which has become one of my most requested recipes at parties and potlucks. Nopalitos (bottled or canned) and chipotle powder (in cubes, by Knorr) can be found in the ethnic food aisle of most grocery stores.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h, if chilling
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
