URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62582327/chicken-wroasted-garlic-sauce/
Title:
Chicken W/Roasted Garlic Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3-3 1/2 # whole broiler-fryer chicken
15 cloves garlic, peeled
1 T minced garlic (about 6 cloves)
1 t salt
1 T cooking oil
1 C water
1/4 C all-purpose flour
Chicken broth
1 T lemon juice
pepper
snipped fresh parsley (opt.)

Directions:
Rinse chicken; pat dry. Flatten 5 of the garlic cloves and place inside cavity of chicken. Skewer neck skin to back; tie legs to tail. Twist wings under back. Combine minced garlic and salt. Brush chicken with oil, then rub garlic-salt mixture onto skin.
Place chicken, breast-side up, on rack in a shallow roasting pan. In another ovenproof pan combine remaining garlic cloves and the water. Place both pans in preheated 375 degrees oven and roast, uncovered, for 1 1/4-1 1/2 hrs., or till juices run clear and the drumsticks move easily in sockets. Spoon drippings over chicken occ. If necessary, cover chicken with foil for last 20 min. of roasting to prevent overbrowning. Check garlic cloves to be sure they have enough water to cook gently, but not burn. Transfer chicken to a serving platter. Let stand, covered loosely with foil, for 15 min. before carving.
Meanwhile, pour pan drippings into a large measuring cup. Also scrape browned bits into the cup. Skim and reserve fat from drippings. Place 1/4 C of fat into med. saucepan (discard remaining fat). Stir in flour; cook and stir for 2 min, or till flour is golden. To the remaining dripping in measuring cup, add the cooked garlic cloves and their cooking water and enough chicken broth to equal 2 cups. Add all at once to flour mixture. Cook and stir over med. heat till thickened and bubbly. Cook and stir for 2 min more. Stir in lemon juice and season to taste with pepper. If desired, garnish with parsley.

Submitter: 
Judy Bodnar
Description: 
Whole chicken with huge amount of roasted garlic, 21 cloves
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
