URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62587530/hearty-meat-and-potato-stuffed-crepes/
Title:
Hearty Meat-and-Potato Stuffed Crepes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Crepe batter ingredients (makes 16-20 crepes)
1.5 cups whole milk (I used 3/4 cup buttermilk and 3/4 cup skim milk)
4 large eggs
2 large egg yolks
1 cup all purpose flour
6 tablespoons melted salted butter, back to at least room temperature, if not cool
Filling ingredients:
2 russet potatoes, washed and peeled
3 table spoons of sour cream
2 tablespoons olive oil (I use extra-virgin, but use whatever oil you like to sauté vegetables)
1 yellow onion
.5-.75 lbs ground beef (depending on how meaty you want your filling)
1 green pepper
1 teaspoon ground red pepper
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon cumin
2 cups shredded cheese (use whatever kind you like. I like mexican blend)

Directions:
Crepe batter:
Combine all ingredients in blender. Blend until smooth.
Pour in bowl; let rest for 30 mins.
Filling:
Place potatoes on microwave-safe plate or bowl. Microwave on high 8 minutes or until soft.
Put in medium mixing bowl & mash until chunks are small.
When slightly cooled, stir in sour cream until well incorporated.
Chop onion & green pepper according to preference (for crunchier filling, chop more coarsely and don’t cook for as long in the skillet before adding meat. For softer veggies, chop more finely and cook until soft.)
Put oil in medium sized skillet on medium heat. When oil is rippling, add onion. Cook to desired tenderness. (4-10 minutes)
Add green pepper, meat and seasoning to skillet. Stir often. Cook until meat is brown.
Turn off heat. Drain grease from meat mixture and leave in skillet to let cool.
When meat and potato/sour cream mixtures both have cooled, dump meat mixture in the bowl with potatoes and stir together. While these are cooling, start on the crepes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Crepes:
Heat 10" diameter non-stick skillet over medium heat. Spray with cooking spray or spread some oil or butter in bottom of pan. Add slightly less than 1/4 cup batter to skillet; QUICKLY tilt to coat the bottom of the pan with even layer of batter. Cook for 30 to 45 seconds or until golden on the bottom. The edges will be crisping- it should be easy to pull up the edge and flip. Using your fingers and/or a spatula flip and cook for 30 sec. Adjust the heat as necessary to prevent burning. Repeat with remaining batter. Keep crepes stacked on a plate.
Put ~2 heaping tbsp of filling onto crepe and roll tightly. Place seam-side down in lightly greased 9X13 inch glass baking pan. Cover w/ cheese.
Bake @ 350, 15-20 min (chee

Submitter: 
savvylovesfood
Description: 
This is a meat-and potatoes type of meal with a sophisticated feel. Doesn't involve anything too fancy, but comes out of the oven looking professional! 

Got the idea from a Russian New Years dish called Pirozhki which is a roll filled with a meat mixture. 

With the individual crepes all nestled side by side in the baking dish, it is very easy to serve each guest according to how much they can eat. For example, my mom normally eats only one and half crepes but my brother can put away four easily.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
60-70 m
Ready in:
90 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
