URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62583994/yams-with-toasted-spice-rub/
Title:
YAMS WITH TOASTED SPICE RUB Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Spice Rub:
3/4 cup fennel seeds
3 TBSP. coriander seeds
3 TBSP. peppercorns (I use tri-mix)
4 aand 1/2 tsps. red pepper flakes
3/4 cup (3 ozs.) chili powder (x-tra sharp)
6 TBSP. Kosher or Sea Salt (not ground)
6 TBSP. ground cinnamon
YAMS:  4 medium size yams or sweet potatoes, cut in half
1/2 cup butter (no substitute)
1/4 cup brown sugar
2 TBSP. lemon juice
2 TBSP. SPICE RUB
1/2 tsp. grey salt (sub sea salt)

Directions:
Prepare Spice Rub:
1)Toast the fennel seeds, coriander seeds and peppercorns in a medium size Heavy sauce pan over medium heat.
2)When the fennel seeds turn light brown, WORK QUICKLY
3)Turn on your Exhaust Fan
4)Add the Red Pepper flakes and toss, toss, toss, ALWAYS UNDER THE FAN.
5)Immediately turn out on large dish to cool. (Anything but no metal or plastic)
6)Put in Blender with the chili powder, salt and cinnamon.
7)Blend just until spices are evenly ground.
YAMS:
Preheat oven to 375 F.
1)Put sweet potatoes in a glass or stainless steel bowl
2)Melt the butter in a small sauce pan over low heat
3)Stir in brown sugar and lemon juice
4)When sugar is completely melted, stir in the Toasted Spice Rub and grey salt (or sea salt)
5)Pour mixture over sweet potatoes and Toss well
6)Spray 9 x 13  inch baking dish
7)Arrange sweet potatoes cut side up
8)With a spatula scrape all the butter and spice mixture from bowl and place on top of potatoes
9)Add another sprinkling of Toasted Spice Rub on top of each piece
10)Cover with foil and bake appx. 60 minutes or until easily pierced with a standard dinner knife (not a sharpened knife)

Submitter: 
BevF
Description: 
Far away from any marshmallow.  The key is the Spice Rub.  So I have tripled that part of the recipe.  Keeps well in a sealed jar.  That is also good on pork and chicken.  If you can't find real yams you can sub. sweet potatoes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
