URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62580237/chocolate-cappuccino-cheesecake/
Title:
Chocolate Cappuccino Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup chocolate cookie crumbs
1/4 cup butter, softened
2 tablespoons white sugar
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
3 (8 ounce) packages fat-free cream cheese, softened
1 cup white sugar
3 tablespoons corn starch
3 eggs
8 ounces semisweet chocolate
2 tablespoons whipping cream
1 cup plain Greek yogurt
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoons instant coffee granules dissolved in 1/4 cup hot water
1/4 cup coffee flavored liqueur
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 cup heavy whipping cream
2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar
2 tablespoons coffee-flavored liqueur
1 ounce semisweet chocolate

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Butter one 9 or 10 inch springform pan and wrap bottom with foil.
Combine the chocolate wafer crumbs, softened butter, 2 tablespoons white sugar, and the cinnamon. Mix well and press mixture into the buttered spring form pan, set aside.
In a medium sized bowl beat the softened cream cheese until smooth. Gradually add 1 cup white sugar and cornstarch mixing until well blended. Add eggs, one at a time. Beat at low speed until very smooth. Do not over beat as this will incorporate air into the batter and can cause cracks later.
Melt the 8 ounces semisweet chocolate with 2 tablespoons whipping cream in a pan or bowl set over boiling water, stir until smooth.
Add chocolate mixture to cream cheese mixture and blend well. Stir in yogurt, salt, coffee, 1/4 cup coffee liqueur, and vanilla; beat until smooth. Pour mixture into prepared pan.
Place pan in a larger pan in the oven and then fill it halfway up the sides with boiling water.Bake for 45 minutes. Center will be soft but will firm up when chilled. Do not over bake. Leave cake in oven with the heat turned off and the door ajar for 1 hour. Remove cake from oven and let cool to room temperature with plate inverted over it. Put in refrigerator and chill for 12 hours. Just before serving top cake with mounds of flavored whipped cream and garnish with chocolate leaves. Yields 16 servings.
To Make Flavored Whipped Cream: Beat whipping cream until soft peaks form, then beat in confectioner's sugar and 2 tablespoons coffee liqueur.
To Make Chocolate Leaves:  Melt 1 ounce semisweet chocolate in a pan or bowl set over boiling water, stir until smooth. Brush real non-toxic plant leaves (such as orange leaves) on one side with melted chocolate. Freeze until firm and then peel off le

Submitter: 
Devin
Description: 
This recipe becomes a favorite as soon as it is tasted. It was once referred to as 'sinfully rich and velvety smooth'. Best if made a day before serving.Modified from: Chocolate Cappuccino Cheesecake
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
