URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62584343/raspberry-linzer-cookies/
Title:
Raspberry Linzer Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/550253.jpg
Ingredients:
2  cups  all-purpose flour
1/2  tsp  baking soda
1/4  tsp  salt
1/4  tsp  ground cinnamon
3/4  cup  granulated sugar
1/2  cup  butter, softened (leave out for about 2 hrs to reach room temp)
1/4  cup  egg substitute
1 tsp vanilla extract
1/4  cup  seedless raspberry jam
Powdered sugar, for sprinkling
Special equipment:
Cookie cutters
Parchment paper

Directions:
Measure flour into dry measuring cup and level with a knife. Then combine the flour, baking soda, salt, and cinnamon in a bowl and stir well with a whisk.
Place granulated sugar and butter in a large bowl; beat with a mixer at high speed until light and fluffy. Add the egg substitute and vanilla extract and beat until well blended.
Continue beating, at a low speed and GRADUALLY add flour mixture. Beat just until a soft dough forms. Divide dough into 2 equal balls, and wrap each portion in plastic wrap. Chill at least 1 hour.
Preheat oven to 375°.
Roll each dough portion into a 1/8 inch thickness on a lightly floured surface. Cut with a 2 inch square, star, or circle cookie cutter to form 32 cookies.
Repeat procedure with remaining dough portion (now you have 64). Place cookies 1 inch apart on parchment-lined baking sheets. Cut out centers of 32 (half of the cookies) with a smaller 1 inch square (or other shape) cookie cutter.
Bake cookies at 375° for 10 minutes or until edges are lightly browned. Cool on pans for 5 minutes. Remove from pans; cool completely on wire racks.
Spread center of each whole cookie with about 1/2 teaspoon jam. Sprinkle cut-out cookies with powdered sugar. Place 1 cut-out cookie on top of each whole cookie.

Submitter: 
Sarah
Description: 
These wonderful cookies require a bit of extra effort to make and assemble. But the delight of family and friends when serving them makes them all worthwhile. And.. they are beautiful looking!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h 45 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
32
Nutritional Facts:
NA
