URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62586768/chicken-in-garlic-vinegar-sauce/
Title:
Chicken in Garlic-Vinegar Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3-3 1/2 pounds bone-in chicken pieces, (thighs, drumsticks and/or breasts), skin removed, trimmed (see Tip)
1/2 teaspoon coarse salt, plus a pinch, divided
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
7 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided
1 tablespoon butter
1/2 cup minced shallots
16 large cloves garlic, peeled
1/3 cup sherry vinegar, or red-wine vinegar
1 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth
2 sprigs fresh thyme, or 2 teaspoons dried
1/2 cup reduced-fat sour cream
1 tablespoon Dijon mustard
2 teaspoons tomato paste
2 teaspoons all-purpose flour
2 medium tomatoes, seeded and cut into 1/2-inch pieces
2 tablespoons finely minced fresh chives

Directions:
1.Pat chicken pieces dry with paper towels and season with 1/2 teaspoon salt and pepper.
2.Heat 2 teaspoons oil and butter in a large heavy casserole or Dutch oven over medium heat. Add half the chicken pieces and cook, turning occasionally, until browned on all sides, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove to a large plate. Add 2 teaspoons oil to the pot. Add the remaining chicken and cook, turning occasionally, until browned on all sides, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove to the plate.
3.Heat 2 more teaspoons oil. Add shallots and garlic and cook, stirring, until the shallots are soft and lightly browned, about 1 minute. Add vinegar and bring to a simmer. Return the chicken to the pot. Pour in broth and then carefully nestle the thyme sprigs among the chicken pieces (or stir in dry thyme).
4.Cover the pot with a tight-fitting lid and simmer over medium-low heat until the chicken is very tender, about 50 minutes.
5.Just before the chicken is done, whisk sour cream, mustard, tomato paste and flour in a small bowl until smooth. Combine tomatoes, chives, the remaining 1 teaspoon oil and pinch of salt in another small bowl; reserve for garnish.
6.When the chicken is done, remove to a plate, discarding the thyme sprigs (if using). Stir the sour cream mixture into the sauce; bring to a simmer. Reduce heat to low, return the chicken to the sauce and reheat, about 1 minute. Serve garnished with the tomato mixture.

Submitter: 
Irene Padilla Lopez
Description: 
Braising chicken in vinegar and herbs is a very popular way of cooking in Mediterranean Europe. Often paired with sweet sausage, this is a gutsy, wholesome dish that can be made a day ahead. Serve with whole-wheat couscous tossed with fresh herbs and steamed broccolini.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1hr
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
