URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62586800/braised-paprika-chicken/
Title:
Braised Paprika Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3-3 1/2 pounds bone-in chicken pieces, (thighs, drumsticks and/or breasts), skin removed, trimmed (see Tip)
3/4 teaspoon coarse salt, divided
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
2 tablespoons canola oil
1 tablespoon butter
4 cups finely diced onions
Pinch of sugar
1 cup diced red bell pepper
1/2 cup diced green bell pepper
2 tablespoons tomato paste
2 tablespoons sweet paprika
1 teaspoon crushed red pepper
1 teaspoon dried marjoram
1 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth
1/2 cup reduced-fat sour cream
1 tablespoon all-purpose flour
2 tablespoons finely minced fresh parsley, dill and/or chives

Directions:
1.Pat chicken pieces dry with paper towels and season with 1/2 teaspoon salt and pepper.
2.Heat oil and butter in a large heavy casserole or Dutch oven over medium heat. Add onions and sprinkle with sugar. Cook, stirring frequently, until the onions are very soft and light brown, 10 to 15 minutes.
3.Stir in bell peppers, tomato paste, paprika and crushed red pepper. Add the chicken and stir it gently into the onion mixture. Sprinkle with marjoram and add broth. Cover the pot with a tight-fitting lid and simmer over medium-low heat until the chicken is very tender, about 50 minutes.
4.Just before the chicken is done, whisk sour cream, flour and the remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt in a small bowl until smooth.
5.When the chicken is done, remove it to a plate. Stir the sour cream mixture into the sauce; return to a simmer and cook, stirring, until the sauce coats the spoon. Reduce heat to low, return the chicken to the sauce and reheat, about 1 minute. Serve garnished with parsley, dill and/or chives, if desired.

Submitter: 
Irene Padilla Lopez
Description: 
Sweet Hungarian paprika gives this creamy braised chicken the best flavor. This is a good “pantry dish” since you should have the basics on hand and only need to purchase the chicken. You may vary the recipe by using cubed veal shoulder instead of chicken and mushrooms instead of peppers. Serve with whole-wheat orzo flavored with minced parsley or dill.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1hr
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
