URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62584912/texas-hot-dog/
Title:
Texas Hot Dog Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the BBQ sauce:
2 tablespoons canola oil
1 large Spanish onion, coarsely chopped
5 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped
3 cups canned plum tomatoes and juices, pureed
1 cup water
1/4 cup ketchup
1/4 cup red wine vinegar
1/4 cup Worcestershire sauce
3 tablespoons Dijon mustard
3 tablespoons dark brown sugar
2 tablespoon honey
1/4 cup molasses
3 tablespoons ancho chili powder
3 tablespoons pasilla chili powder
2 to 4 canned chipotle chiles in adobo, pureed (depending on how spicy you like it)
Salt
Freshly ground black pepper
For the cole slaw:
3/4 cup mayonnaise
1/2 small white onion, grated
2 tablespoons sugar
2 teaspoons celery seeds
3 tablespoons apple-cider vinegar
Salt
Freshly ground black pepper
1 head cabbage, cored, finely shredded
1 large carrot, finely grated
For the hot dogs:
8 kosher beef hot dogs
8 good quality hot dog buns, split 3/4 through
Dill pickles, cut into wedges

Directions:
For the BBQ sauce:
Heat the oil over medium-high heat in a heavy-bottomed medium saucepan. Add the onions and cook until soft, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the tomatoes and water, bring to a boil and simmer for 10 minutes. Add the remaining ingredients and simmer for an additional 30 to 40 minutes until thickened, stirring occasionally.
Transfer the mixture to a food processor and puree until smooth, season with salt and pepper, to taste. Pour into a bowl and allow to cool at room temperature. Sauce will keep for 1 week in the refrigerator stored in a tightly sealed container.
For the cole slaw:
Whisk together the mayonnaise, onion, sugar, celery seeds, vinegar and salt and pepper in a large bowl. Add the cabbage and carrot and stir to combine, season with more salt and pepper, if needed. Let sit at least 15 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Ret_Vets
Description: 
Courtesy Bobby Flay
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
1 hr 35 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
