URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62586731/the-pacemaker-venison-burger/
Title:
"The Pacemaker" Venison Burger Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/551724.jpg
Ingredients:
2 Lb     Ground Venison
1 Lb     Ground Venison pattie sausage
1 Lb     Maple Bacon
2 Lrg    Yellow onions
4        Eggs
8oz pack Fresh baby bella mushrooms (sliced)
2        Haas Avocados sliced
1 Lrg    Tomato
1 Head   Iceberg lettuce
4 tbl    BBQ sauce
4 Lrg    Kaiser rolls
1 pkg    Frozen onion rings (optional)
4        Thick slices cheese

Directions:
Combine venison burger with the venison sausage. Add 2 Tablespoons of your favorite molasses based BBQ sauce and some salt/pepper. Form four large patties or wimp out and go with eight. Put the patties back in the fridge.
Slice the onions and add them to a skillet with two tablespoons butter and one tablespoon olive oil. Sprinkle with salt/pepped and cook over medium heat until caramelized. Sautee the shrooms in the same manor. Cook the bacon to your liking. Fry the eggs to medium. Be sure the yolk stays runny. Prep the lettuce, tomato and avocado. Slice the Kaiser rolls and toast them.
When all prep is completed, remove the burgers from the fridge and throw them on a preheated grill (gas or charcoal) cook with the lid up over high heat with minimal flipping. When burgers are done to your preference, top them with the egg and cover with the cheese. Reduce the grill temp to med-low and close the lid. Cook until cheese is melted. Assemble the burger in this order. Kaiser roll bottom-Lettuce-Tomato-burger (with egg and cheese)-onions/shrooms-Bacon-Avocado- Ketchup, mustard and mayo, roll top. Also throw some onion rings in the mix if you would like. Good luck

Submitter: 
Jraybuck
Description: 
This massive venison burger is sure to do you in. Pile it high with a fried egg, maple bacon, avocado, caramelized onions, sautéed shrooms, thick slab of cheese and rest it on a foundation of iceberg lettuce with fresh tomato. Don’t forget the toasted Kaiser roll and onion rings. Welcome to the world of Gluttony. Fire Dept tested and approved.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
