URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62584795/jkl-pesto-pork-and-veggie-roast/
Title:
JKL Pesto Pork and Veggie Roast Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/550541.jpg
Ingredients:
5 cloves garlic
3 teaspoons coarse sea salt, divided
3 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, divided
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves
3 teaspoons sugar
1 (3-pound) pork loin roast, trussed
2 onions, quartered
2 zucchini, cut into 8 half-moon pieces
2 summer squash, cut into 8 half-moon pieces
2 carrots, washed and cut into 8 pieces
3 tomatoes, quartered
2 medium red potatoes, quartered
1 cup store-bought pesto
1 tablespoon grapeseed oil
1/2 cup white wine, plus more if needed
3/4 cup chicken stock, plus more if needed
3 tablespoons butter

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.
In a mortar and pestle, combine the garlic, 2 teaspoons coarse sea salt, 2 teaspoons black pepper, cayenne, rosemary, and sugar and pound together until a thick paste forms. Rub evenly over the pork roast.
Remove the V-rack from a large roasting pan and fill the pan with the prepared vegetables. Add in the remaining 1 teaspoon salt and pepper, pesto, oil, wine, and chicken stock. Toss together with your hands to combine evenly.
Return the V-rack to the roasting pan, centered over the vegetables, place the pork roast on top, and place in the oven.
Cook for 30 minutes at 425 degrees F, and then lower to 325 degrees F for 1 hour, turning the pork roast over after 30 minutes to brown the other side. Baste with the juices from the roasting pan 2 to 3 times throughout the hour. Remove from the oven when the internal temperature reaches 140 degrees F. Place on a cutting board, tent lightly with aluminum foil, and allow to rest for 5 to 10 minutes.
Remove the vegetables to a large serving platter and tent with foil to keep warm. Place the roasting pan on the stove over medium-high heat and bring the pan juices to a boil, whisking. Add more wine and chicken stock, if needed, and reduce until slightly thickened, 5 minutes. Whisk in the butter and adjust seasoning, to taste.
Slice the pork thinly on a slight bias and serve with the jus and vegetables.

Submitter: 
Ret_Vets
Description: 
Recipe courtesy Guy Fieri and Matthew McConaughey
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
2 hrs
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
