URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62586630/majarete-de-coco-coconut-porridge/
Title:
Majarete de Coco (Coconut Porridge) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/551618.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup of boiling water
1/2 cup of sugar (or more to taste)
3 cinnamomn sticks
4 whole cloves
zest of 1 lime
1 can of coconut milk (about 1 1/2 cups) - NOT cream
3 cups of milk, divided
1 teaspoon of vanilla extract
1 teaspoon of orange blossom water - NOT orange extract
1/2 teaspoon of salt
1/2 cup of rice flour
2 tablespoons of butter
ground cinnamon and shredded coconut for garnish, optional

Directions:
Heat water to boiling in a small saucepan and stir in sugar until dissolved. Add cinnamon sticks, cloves and lime zest. Set aside, cover and allow the mixture to steep for 2 hours or overnight.
After the mixture has cooled strain it into a larger pot. Mix in the can of coconut mix, two cups of milk and vanilla and orange flower flavorings.
In a separate bowl mix the salt, rice flour and remaining one cup of milk. Continue to mix until the rice flour is dissolved and the mixture is free of lumps. Add to the milk mixture in the pot and whisk until it has come together. Taste for sweetness and add more sugar or ground cinnamon if desired.
Cook over a low flame whisking constantly until the mixture comes up to a low simmer. Continue to whisk and cook until the mixture has reached the consistency of a thick porridge.
Remove from the flame and stir in the butter until melted. Serve immediately garnishing with ground cinnamon and shredded coconut.
If serving for dessert pour into individual ramekins and cover with plastic wrap to prevent skin from forming. Chill for 4-6 hours or overnight. Remove plastic wrap and garnish with cinnamon and coconut before serving.
Enjoy!

Submitter: 
MKCortes (Latin Goddess)
Description: 
Majarate de Coco is Puerto Rican in origin and is  thick coconut flavored porridge or custard that is eaten warm for breakfast or cold as a dessert. Either way it is delicious!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
4-6 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
