URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62593634/yeast-pancakes-from-transylvania/
Title:
Yeast Pancakes from Transylvania Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/555407.jpg
Ingredients:
4 cups of flour (e.g. bread flour)
2 large eggs
4 tablespoons of unsalted butted
4 cups milk
2 teaspoons of bread machine yeast
1.5 teaspoons salt
2 tablespoons oil

Directions:
In a large bowl place the flour and gradually stir in the lukewarm milk. Whisk the eggs separately and add to the mix, then add the melted butter and the oil and mix well to a smooth, liquid paste consistency like regular pancakes. Mix in the salt and yeast. Optional, add a tablespoon of vanilla extract.
Note: the recipe and ingredients can be modified to preference, e.g. can use some buttermilk, use a mix of regular and whole grain flour, etc. The main difference between this type of pancakes and the typical pancakes is the replacement of  baking powder by yeast, i.e. experiment using your favourite pancake recipe! Adjust the consistency to be a smooth pouring paste
Important note: do not add too much sugar in the mix or the batter will overflow; you can add a tablespoon but I suggest trying first without.
Place the bowl in a warm place, covered with plastic wrap. Use a bowl at least twice the volume of the batter! Let raise for 1-3 hours, depending on temperature, check on it for increasing volume and appearance of bubbles. Its ready when about twice the original volume.
To cook, pour ~1/4 cup batter on medium hot griddle or in pancake/crepes pan, turn when done. Cooking time is the same as for regular pancakes. Serve hot with honey, fruit jam, fruits/whipped cream, or with a non-sweet side (ham/cheese,veggies)

Submitter: 
mircea
Description: 
Pretty much all pancake recipes use baking soda, which does give them a distinctive taste, plus they are usually good only fresh off the griddle. For a new type of pancakes, try this recipe that uses yeast instead of bicarbonate. It takes a bit longer to get the batter ready. Ever since my mother, who is from Romania, said why do you add bicarbonate in this, let me make my good old recipe with yeast!, we abandoned  the other recipes and the kids only want this type of pancakes. One could see this as a combination between a pancake, a crepe or a naan bread.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min + 1-3 hrs raise
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
