URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62596025/mediterranean-chicken-with-creamy-parmesan-polenta/
Title:
Mediterranean Chicken With Creamy Parmesan Polenta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/556858.jpg
Ingredients:
Mediterranean Chicken
1 1/2 ponds of boneless chicken breast (Cut Into Bite size Chunks)
3 tbsp. Olive Oil
1 Can of Chickpeas
4 Cloves of garlic(Chopped Fine)
4 Plum Tomatoes (cored, seeded and chopped)
2 tbsp. of kalamata olives (pitted and chopped)
1 tsp. White wine vinegar
1/4 cup Fresh parsely (Chopped)
salt and pepper to taste
Creamy Parmesan Polenta
4 cups of water
1 1/2 tsp. of salt
1/8 tsp. pepper
3/4 cup yellow cornmeal
1/4 cup grated parmesan cheese
1 tbsp. of butter

Directions:
Season your chicken with pepper and salt. In a large skillet heat 2 tsps. of olive oil to medium high heat. Add your chicken chunks.
While this is browning in the skillet start the water for the polenta with salt and pepper in a pot to boiling.
Your chicken should take about about 4 mins to brown. Now remove chicken and put aside on a plate.
Reduce heat to medium low and add remaining oil. Add garlic and cook till soft (About 30 seconds). Then add chickpeas and 1 cup of water to a boil. Cook until reduce by half (about 2 mintues).
Now that your water for the polenta is boiling you add the cornmeal in slowly while whisking it constantly. Now simmer it over medium heat whisking frequently until it is thikened (about 10 13 minutes)
Remove from heat and add parmesan cheese and butter and stir till smooth.
Back to the chicken, Add tomatoes to simmering skillet and cook untill thy are soften and start to fall apart roughly about 4-5 mins.
Now add olives, vinegar, and chicken and toss till everything is heated through.
Now add parsley and plate with the polenta.

Submitter: 
KrissyHipp30
Description: 
Creamy parmesan polenta accents flavorful mediterranean chicken in this hearty dish. Tomatoes, garlic, chickpeas and olives round out the flavors.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30-40 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
