URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62596453/slow-cooker-black-bean-chicken-quesadillas/
Title:
Slow Cooker Black Bean & Chicken Quesadillas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/557036.jpg
Ingredients:
1 onion, chopped
1 pepper, chopped
1 can black beans, drained
5 frozen chicken breasts
2 cups of frozen corn or 1 can of corn
2 cup of salsa or a can of Rotel
1 large can of seasoned pureed tomatoes
1 tbsp cumin
1 tbsp chili powder
2 tbsp taco seasoning or more to taste
3 cups Mexican cheese or cheddar
12 medium size tortillas
cooking spray
Garnishes such as sour cream and guacamole.

Directions:
Mix all ingredients in your slow cooker. This will look like there isn't enough water in it to cook the chicken but it cooks down perfectly.
Cook in slow cooker on low for 7-8 hours or on high for 3-4 hours. A half hour before using the filling shred the chicken.
You can use this mixture for burritos, just spoon some on your tortilla, top with cheese and any other toppings and serve.
To make quesadillas spray a skillet with cooking spray and warm it to medium heat. Put the tortilla on the skillet and top lightly with cheese. Scoop filling from the slow cooker with a slotted spoon, making sure to drain the filling before placing it on the tortilla. Top with a light covering of cheese. Layer another tortilla on top and spray lightly with cooking spray. When the tortilla is lightly browned on both sides remove from heat, cut into quarters and serve with sour cream.
You can also mix the slow cooker mixture in batches with cheese and top the tortilla with the cheese/slow cooker mixture to speed up the building of the quesadilla over the heat.
Enjoy!

Submitter: 
CookingLaurie
Description: 
Make the filling for quesadillas in your slow cooker! Tastes amazing - as my kids said 'Wow, I didn't know it would taste THIS good!'
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
5-9 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
