URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62598359/easy-breakfast-enchiladas/
Title:
Easy Breakfast Enchiladas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/558066.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 pound bulk pork sausage
1/2 small onion, chopped
2 teaspoons butter
10 eggs, beaten
1 (4 ounce) can diced red or green chilies, drained
1 cup process cheese food (such as Velveeta®)
4 oz cream cheese
1/4 cup milk
1/2 cup shredded jack or mild cheddar cheese
1 cup mild salsa
1 (10 ounce) package 8" flour tortillas

Directions:
Place the pork sausage and onion into a skillet over medium heat, and cook until the sausage is browned, about 10 minutes. Break the meat apart into crumbles as it cooks. Drain the excess grease. Add chopped chillies to taste.
In a separate sauce pan over medium heat, melt the cheeses and milk together over a low heat, stirring to create a smooth sauce.
In a separate skillet over medium heat, melt the butter until the foam subsides, and cook and stir the beaten eggs until very softly scrambled but not wet, about 3 minutes.
Place a tortilla onto a microwave-safe plate, and cook in the microwave on High setting for 10 to 20 seconds. The tortilla should be warm and pliable. On a sheet of wax paper lay a tortilla, spoon about 1/3 cup of the sausage mixture in a line down the the tortilla, slightly off center. spread one egg (about 2 Tablespoons) evenly over sausage, Top with about 2 tablespoons of cheese mix and a 1 tablespoon of salsa. Fold the tortilla over the filling. Carefully lift tortilla and place in a glass, oiled broiler safe baking pan, repeat with each tortilla, placing them closely but not tight, against each other. Spread remaining salsa over them, drizzle with the remaining cheese sauce.
Broil until cheese is bubbly and slightly browned. Garnish with shredded cheese and chopped cilantro if desired.

Submitter: 
Ronn Brown
Description: 
These breakfast enchiladas are stuffed with sausage, scrambled eggs, cheese, and salsa. Good for a Sunday brunch or a snowed in morning!Modified from: Easy Money Breakfast Burritos
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
45 min
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
