URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62592669/jesss-tips-on-growing-your-own-sprouts/
Title:
Jess's Tips on growing your own sprouts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/554867.jpg
Ingredients:
Why you should grow your own sprouts?
By growing your own sprouts you will save yourself money as it is a lot cheaper to buy the sprout seeds, grow and harvest the sprouts rather than buying your sprouts from a shop. Growing your own sprouts also lets you enjoy sprouts when they are at their absolute freshest and tastiest as they can be taken from their growing container and be eaten straight after rinsing. Because home grown spouts are fresher they contain higher levels of nutrients. By growing your own sprouts you can control which varieties of sprout you add to your diet, the range of sprout varieties that can be bought in a shop are often very limited.
What you will need to grow your own sprouts?
You will need some sprout seeds to grow your own sprouts, these can be obtained from all good health food stores and also from many online retailers. Try to choose organic, non GM seeds. You can buy seed ‘assortments’ with a number of seed varieties or individual varieties. You will also need a supply of fresh water with which you will need to rinse your sprouts with each day. You will need a space to place your sprouting container(s) which receives daylight but is not in direct sunlight. You will also need a sprouter / sprouting jar / sprouting container. For more information on types of sprouter see the Happy Juicer sprouter guide.

Directions:
Soak your seeds for time period that is correct for your chosen sprout type.
Drain the seeds, rinse and drain again. Transfer to sprouting container (distribute evenly across sprouting container).
Cover the sprouting container (with container lid / clingfilm etc) to prevent the sprouts from drying out.
For the specified number of days (see sprouting schedule table) rinse and drain the sprouts every morning and every evening to prevent the formation of mould.
After the specified number of days your sprouts are ready for ‘harvesting’. Rinse the sprouts with fresh water and transfer to a bowl. Eat immediately for full nutritional content or store in the fridge for up to a few days (rinse every 24 hours).
Adding a few radish seeds to your sprouting environment can help in the prevention of mould formation. Also make sure that the utensils you use when rinsing and spreading your seeds are clean (as well as your hands).
Sprout Type	Soaking Time	Germination Time
Mung Bean	12 hours	4-5 days
Alfafa	4 hours	6-8 days
Radish	12 hours	4-5 days
Quinoa	2-4 hours	12 hours

Submitter: 
jamanleyx
Description: 
One of the commonest questions with regards to sprouting is ‘How do I grow my own sprouts?’ The answer to this question is ‘Easily!’ Yes it is a welcoming fact that growing your own sprouts does not require great knowledge of gardening, soils, plant varieties etc. You do not need expensive equipment to grow your own sprouts (although there are many sprouter products available which will make it even easier for you). You do not need to wait anywhere near the amount of time it takes to grow an average vegetable crop to grow, harvest and eat your own sprouts.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
50 m
Ready in:
4-8 d
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
