URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62592899/southwest-corn-chowder/
Title:
Southwest Corn Chowder Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/555009.jpg
Ingredients:
1 can of Cream of Chicken
1 can of Cream Style Corn
1 cup of Corn (canned, frozen, or fresh corn cut from cob)
1 Red Bell Pepper chopped
1 Large Potato, peeled and cubed 1/4 inch
4 stalks Celery chopped
3 cloves Garlic
1/2 Medium Yellow Onion chopped
1 tsp Salt(season to taste more or less can be used according to personal preference)
1 and 1/2 tbsp of Ground Black Pepper (season to taste more or less can be used according to personal preference)
2 cups Water
1/2 cup Milk
3 tbsp Margarine or Butter (Unsalted)

Directions:
Prep:  Chop your vegetables:  potato, onion, and red bell pepper.  (Food processors are great for assisting in quick chopping.) Set aside vegetables as they will be added to the soup shortly.
Pour contents of Cream of Chicken into a large stock pot or your slowcooker.
Mix in 2 cups of water.
Mix in can of Cream Style Corn.
Set slow-cooker on High.  (If on stove-top, mix over med-high heat, careful not to reach a boil.)
Melt in 3 tbs of margarine or butter.
Mix in 1/2 cup of milk.
Once consistency of liquid is smooth (minus the corn) add in chopped vegetables and 1 cup of additional corn.
Grate 3 cloves of garlic finely and stir into soup.
Add salt and pepper to taste.
If using a slow-cooker, remain on high setting for 3-4 hours or until potatoes are tender.  If you want a richer soup, set on low and cook for 6-8 hours.  If on stove-top, cook on Med heat for 30-60 minutes until potatoes are tender.
Serve with your favorite sandwich or a nice roll on the side!

Submitter: 
n03113
Description: 
Easy to make hearty Corn Chowder for a slow cooker or stove-top.  Includes a variety of fresh vegetables mixed with canned vegetables/soup.  Perfect for fall and winter.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
60 mins stove-top
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
