URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62593106/fried-pork-chop-with-french-inspired-white-wine-mushroom-sauce/
Title:
Fried Pork Chop with French-Inspired White Wine & Mushroom Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/555111.jpg
Ingredients:
FOR SAUCE:
1 medium onion, diced
1 carrot, diced
1 celery stalk, diced
4 thick slices of bacon, cut into 1/2 inch pieces
6-8 oz button or crimini mushrooms, quartered or sliced thick
5 tablespoons butter
4 tablespoons flour
3 cups of chicken stock or broth (canned works)
1 cup of dry white wine (Chardonnay, for example)
3 sprigs of fresh thyme
2 bay leaves
4 fresh sage leaves (optional)
4 sprig of parsley, plus 1/2 cup chopped and reserved (optional)
1/2 cup of cream (optional)
salt and pepper to taste
FOR PORK CHOPS:
6 3/4 inch thick pork loin chops
2 cups flour
1.5 teaspoons baking powder
2 eggs
3 tablespoons of milk
2 tablespoons salt
1 tablespoon ground pepper
Vegetable oil
FOR NOODLES:
12 oz egg noodles, cooked according to package

Directions:
FOR SAUCE:In a large pan heated to medium heat, add bacon.  Cook until crisp, about 3-5 minutes.  Remove bacon and reserve.  Remove all but 2 tablespoons of bacon grease.
Add diced onion, celery, and carrot (a.k.a. mirepoix).  Sautee until tender, about 5 minutes.  Add mushrooms plus 1 tablespoon of butter to pan and continue sauteing for about 5 minutes more.  Deglaze the pan with wine and chicken broth.  Return reserved bacon to pan.
Use kitchen twine to tie the thyme, bay leaf, parsley and sage together in a bundle (a.k.a. bouquet garni).  Add to the sauce.  Bring sauce up to a boil, then lower to a simmer.  Reduce by 1/3.
Meanwhile, melt 4 tablespoons of butter in a seperate saucepan.  Sprinkle 4 tablespoons of flour and stir constantly until it reaches a blond color (a.k.a. roux).
Turn off heat.  Remove bouquet garni.  Once your sauce has reduced, slowly incorporate the roux, as needed, until the sauce thickens to your liking.  You may not need all the roux, just aim for the consistency of a thin gravy.  Add cream if you like.
FOR PORK CHOPS AND NOODLES:Beat eggs and milk in one bowl.  Mix flour, baking powder, salt and pepper in another bowl.
Heat oil in pan (oil should be 1/2 inch deep).  Coat pork chops in flour mix, then the egg mix, then the flour mix again.  Fry pork chops in oil until golden brown on one side (about 3-5 minutes) then turn chops over and cook until golden brown (another 3 or so minutes).  Remove from oil and let drain on paper towel or rack.
SERVING:To serve, place egg noodles on a plate, top with the pork chop, and ladle sauce over noodles and pork chop.  Garnish with chopped parsley, if desired.

Submitter: 
messasumthin
Description: 
This is a sauce I've been working on for some time.  It begs to be modified to suit your taste.  I like it on fried pork chops and egg noodles, but it goes well with any combination of pork, chicken, or starch.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
