URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62591313/p-dubs-grilled-cheese-sandwich/
Title:
P Dub's Grilled Cheese Sandwich Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/871692.jpg
Ingredients:
* 1 Tablespoon Dijon Mustard, to taste
* 1 Tablespoon Mayonnaise, to taste
* 1 whole Tomato
* 1 whole Red Onion, Small
* 2 slices Mild Cheddar
* 1 can (4 Oz.) Whole Green Chilies
* 2 slices Provolone
* 2 slices Italian Bread
* Butter

Directions:
First we are going to make the special sauce. Measure 1 tablespoon of Dijon mustard and 1 tablespoon of mayonnaise and mix the together in a small bowl. That’s it! That’s the special sauce. Mix it together well and then spread a very thin layer onto the inside of both pieces of bread.
Now slice a nice ripe tomato. Thinly slice a red onion. Place two slices of tomato on one piece of bread and two slices of mild cheddar on the other slice. On top of the tomatoes place several slices of red onion followed by two sliced of provolone.
Open your can of whole green chilies (or if you have roasted your own fresh chilies, those are fabulous as well!) and lay one or two slices on top of the provolone. Now very carefully put the two halves of this glorious sandwich together.
Now, are you ready? Spread a ridiculous, fattening and obscene amount of butter on top of the bread. Don’t miss a single centimeter. Flip the sandwich over and repeat the Obscene Butter Process on the other side.
Meanwhile, heat a skillet (non-stick is preferable here) over LOW heat. Place the sandwich in the skillet and cook it for at least 5 minutes. Flip and continue cooking for another couple of minutes, until golden brown. Remove to a cutting board and slice this beautiful little piece of heaven in half and eat.
Lawsie mercy, folks. You have no idea how spectacularly delicious this is.

Submitter: 
J Scholfield
Description: 
This is the Pioneer Woman's favorite grilled cheese sandwich.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
15 m
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
