URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62591233/okinawa-shoyu-pork/
Title:
Okinawa Shoyu Pork Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/557229.jpg
Ingredients:
1.5-2 lbs pork meat - best to use pork belly, but pork tenderloin or boneless pork short ribs are also great
1/2 c shoyu (soy sauce)
1/2 c packed brown sugar
1/2 c water, or substitute water for Katsuo Dashi
(explained in recipe)
1/2 c mirin
2 tsps powdered ginger, or a few 1/2" pieces of ginger root
fresh garlic to taste

Directions:
For ribs used, have the butcher cut them lengthwise in 2-3 sections and then vertical - an asian-style cut - or just use short ribs. For whichever type of pork cut used, keep pork whole and place in large pot, cover with water to 1" above the pork. Bring to a boil for about 2 minutes. Toss water. Fill pot again with water to 1" above he pork. Bring to a boil once again, then turn to a simmer and cook for about one hour.
Remove pork to cutting board, and allow to cool for a few minutes.  If using pork belly, after it has cooled, slice off the top thick skin layer.  Slice the pork into 1" wide slices.
In a separate pot, place soy sauce, brown sugar, water or katsuo dashi, powdered ginger (or ginger root) and fresh garlic into saucepan; boil over high heat, then reduce to simmer. NOTE: Katsuo dashi is a fish stock made from water and bonito flakes. In a small pot, boil 1-2 c of water and about 1/2 c bonito flakes for a few minutes.  Pour into a bowl, straining the bonito flakes out of the liquid so you have only stock.
Add the sliced pork, boil again. Reduce to low. Place a sheet of alumninum foil right on top of the meat and sauce in the pot - leave the pot uncovered.
Simmer uncovered 30-45 minutes. Turn the meat a few times while simmering. Pork should be tender enough to eat with chopsticks, without a knife.
Serve with rice!

Submitter: 
Diana71
Description: 
I think the Okinawans got the slow food concept right on - this was one of my favorite dishes growing up...shoyu pork...eaten over rice, or on top of soba.  The soy-sauce-marinated, slow-cooked pork with just the right amount of sweet taste (imagine Okinawan brown sugar) is pretty close to perfect...
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
