URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62592563/beths-new-orleans-bread-pudding-with-bourbon-sauce/
Title:
Beth's New Orleans Bread Pudding with Bourbon Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Pudding:
1 cup raisins
1/2 cup bourbon
12 to 14 cups cubed day-old whole-wheat bread
6 large eggs
2 cups heavy cream
4 cups whole milk
2 cups light brown sugar
2 Tbsp. vanilla extract
2 tsp. cinnamon
3/4 tsp. nutmeg
1/2 tsp. salt
Sauce:
1 cup heavy cream
1 cup whole milk
6 large egg yolks
1/2 cup sugar
pinch of salt
1 Tbsp. unsalted butter
1/4 cup bourbon
2 tsp. vanilla extract

Directions:
Pudding: Place raisins in a shallow bowl and cover with bourbon.
Place bread in a large bowl.
In a separate bowl, whisk eggs until combined.
Whisk in cream, milk, brown sugar, vanilla, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt until fully combined.
Pour over bread and stir until all bread is moistened.
Cover and refrigerate for at least an hour (but can be up to overnight), occasionally stirring lightly.
Remove bowl from fridge and allow to stand at room temperature for 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350ºF and lightly grease a 9-by-13-inch baking dish.
Transfer bread mixture to baking dish and bake until just set in center and a thin knife inserted in center comes out clean, about 50 to 60 minutes.
Let cool on a rack. Serve warm.
Sauce:  Pour cream and milk into a saucepan and scald over medium heat.
In a bowl, whisk together yolks, sugar and salt.
Whisking constantly and vigorously, slowly pour about 2 cups of cream mixture into bowl with yolks.
Pour mixture back into saucepan and cook over medium-low heat, whisking constantly, until just beginning to bubble and thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, about 3 to 5 minutes. Don't let it boil.
Remove from heat and whisk in butter, bourbon and vanilla.
Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl.
Cover with plastic wrap, laying plastic directly on top of surface of sauce. Allow to cool.
Serve sauce warm, or refrigerate. To rewarm, whisk in a saucepan over low heat.

Submitter: 
Bill Alexander
Description: 
This bread pudding is modified from a similar recipe by Emeril, as given to me by Beth Lipton.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
