URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62590839/poliakons-gourmet-piroshki/
Title:
Poliakon's Gourmet Piroshki Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/553759.jpg
Ingredients:
4 cups flour
½ teaspoon salt (optional if using salted butter)
1 pound butter
12 tablespoons sour cream
4 tablespoons melted butter
4 - 1-pint containers fresh chicken livers
2 cups diced fresh mushrooms (16 oz Package)
1 teaspoon salt (optional if using salted butter)
½ teaspoon pepper (to taste or omit)

Directions:
Sift flour and ½ teaspoon salt (salt optional) into a bowl.
Add pound of butter and work butter-flour pastry dough together with the hand until well blended.
Add sour cream and knead-mix dough again until smooth.
Wrap in wax paper or plastic wrap, and chill at least 2 hours; overnight is better.
Place and melt the 4 tablespoons melted butter into a large saucepan.
Add the livers, mushrooms, salt, and pepper.
Cook over low heat 10-15 minutes while turning-stirring livers.
Chop fine and allow to cool completely (minimum of 2-hours) before use.
Roll out chilled dough to 1/8 to 1/4 ± inch thickness on a lightly floured board.
Cut into rounds of 3 1/2 to 4 inches in diameter with a suitably sized, circular cookie cutter.
Place a heaping teaspoon of the cooled liver-mushroom mixture on each dough round, fold over, and seal edges carefully. Place on a baking sheet.
Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) in conventional oven for 20± minutes (until golden brown). Let cool slightly (five or so minutes). Serve hot.

Submitter: 
Chef Albert
Description: 
Piroshki is a baked or fried pastry of Russian, Slavic origins filled with a meat or vegetable filling. It is not to be confused with the Pierogi of other Eastern European cuisine. Pierogi are a boiled dumpling, wanton, ravioli like food. Our family uses Piroshki as a hot hors d’oeuvers, puu puu for parties and social gathering eating occasions. They are extra delicious topped with a dollop of sour cream. I consider our recipe for Piroshki a gourmet version for it is made with a lighter butter crust dough and baked, rather than with a heavier shortening or oil based dough and fried.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 hr 0 min
Ready in:
2 hrs 30 min
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
