URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62598771/marvels-best-beef-bone-marrow-ravioli/
Title:
Marvel's Best Beef Bone Marrow Ravioli Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/558458.jpg
Ingredients:
PASTA:
2 cups flour
3 eggs
3 tsp milk
1 tbs minced parsley stems
FILLING:
6 beef marrow bones
12 garlic cloves -- whole
1 large can diced tomatoes (28 ounces)
4 minced garlic cloves
few good grinds of black peppper and salt to taste
one bunch of parsley (leaves)
1 tbs capers
One box beef broth (2 lbs)
One box water (use beef broth box)
1/4 cup dried cepes (or brown mushrooms)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
Pasta:  Mix together 2 cups flour, 3 eggs and 3 teaspoons milk.  Add about one tablespoon very finely chopped parsley stems.  Knead a couple minutes until smooth and set aside in plastic wrap for one hour.
Filling:  Stand six beef marrow bones in a casserole with a dozen garlic cloves and bake for 15 minutes, meanwhile...
Reduce one can of diced tomatoes uncovered on medium high heat.  Add four cloves minced garlic and ground black pepper to taste. Use a splatter screen over it to let the steam out.  Stir occasionally until bubbling like a Yellowstone mud pit, then turn off.
Coarsely chop parsley and put in a medium bowl.  Drain one tablespoon capers add to parsley.
After 15 minutes in oven flip bones and bake another 5 minutes.  Remove garlic cloves, slice and add to parsley.  Some of the marrow fat will have rendered off in the casserole.
Over the casserole, push marrow out of bones with finger or wooden spoon handle.  Running a thin knife around each end of the bone can help.  Reserve 1 tablespoon rendered fat for filling. Remove the marrow to a cutting board and cut into a small dice (about 1/4 inch).  Add to parsley bowl.  Add half of reduced tomato sauce and 1 tbs rendered marrow.  Mix together and add salt if needed.
Bring beef broth, water and mushrooms to boil and reduce to simmer. Bring back to boil before adding ravioli.
Divide pasta in half and roll out very thin into rectangles.  Place about one heaping teaspoon of filling on one pasta sheet about one inch apart, cover with other pasta sheet and cut into ravioli.  I used a circular pasta cutter and lightly marked the bottom sheet to get spacing.
Cook ravioli in beef broth until done --about 10 to 12 minutes.
Serve warm. Garnish with parsley.

Submitter: 
Marvel's Kitchen
Description: 
Winter's here and warm, rich, comfort food is calling.  Bone marrow is like nothing else.  This recipe renders out some silky smooth marrow fat (which btw is good for you) which can be used to round out other dishes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
