URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62594351/shrimp-and-scallop-paella/
Title:
Shrimp and Scallop Paella Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/555849.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cups chicken broth?
1/2 cup white wine?
3 ripe tomatoes, cored and cut into thick wedges?
Salt and freshly ground black pepper?
Extra virgin olive oil?
1 medium onion, chopped
1 tbsp minced garlic?
1-2 tbsp canned green chilies
1 tbsp tomato paste?
1-2 tsp hot smoked paprika
2 1/2 cups Spanish or other short-grain rice?
3/4 lb shrimp, peeled and deveined
1/2 lb scallops, muscles removed
1 tbsp olive oil
2 tbsp lemon juice
Salt and pepper
2 tbsp chopped fresh parsley
More chopped parsley, for garnish

Directions:
Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Warm chicken broth in a small saucepan. Put tomato wedges in a medium bowl, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and drizzle them with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Toss to coat.
Heat 2 tbsp of oil in a 10 or 12-inch ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onion and garlic, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and cook, stirring occasionally, until vegetables soften, 3 to 5 minutes.
Stir in chilies, tomato paste, smoked paprika and cook for a minute more.
Add rice and cook, stirring occasionally, until it is shiny, another minute or two. Add wine and let simmer until it is mostly absorbed. Then add the hot chicken broth and stir until just combined.
(Preheat your grill pan here and dress your shrimp and scallops with olive oil, lemon juice, parsley, salt, and pepper.)
Once broth is mostly absorbed, place the tomato wedges on top of rice.
Put pan in oven and roast, undisturbed, for 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, grill your shrimp and scallops, about 3-5 minutes per side.
Remove and place on a plate covered with foil.
Check to see if rice is dry and just tender. If not, return pan to oven for another 5 to 10 minutes. (If rice looks too dry but still is not quite done, add a small amount of broth, water, or wine. When rice is ready, turn off oven and let pan sit for 5 to 15 minutes.
Remove pan from oven, place shrimp and scallops on the paella, and sprinkle with parsley.
If you like, put pan over high heat for a few minutes to develop a bit of a bottom crust before serving.

Submitter: 
Sarah
Description: 
A simple sea-fare version of the famous paella.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
