URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62598352/olive-gardens-black-tie-mousse-cake/
Title:
olive garden's black tie mousse cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
BOTTOM LAYER
1 (18 ounce) box of ordinary cake mix (devil's food)
SECOND LAYER
1 teaspoon knox unflavored gelatin
1 tablespoon cold water
2 tablespoons boiling water
4 ounces semi-sweet chocolate chips
4 ounces cream cheese, cubed
3/4 cup heavy cream
1/2 teaspoon granulated sugar
THIRD LAYER-
3 egg yolks
1/4 cup granulated sugar
3 tablespoons flour
1 teaspoon knox unflavored gelatin
1 3/4 cups heavy cream
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
FOURTH LAYER- makes a lot half the recipe if u want less
1 1/2 cups heavy cream
2 tablespoons butter
18 ounces semi-sweet chocolate chips
1/2 cup white chocolate chips (optional)

Directions:
bottom
Bake according to directions on box using 2 round pans, then cool. Once cooled, use the cake from one pan as one layer (you do not need the second cake from the second pan.Place this round cake at the bottom of a CHEESECAKE PAN. Press it with your fingers and flatten the cake a little.
second layer
Melt chocolate and cream cheese together. Let cool. Soften gelatin with cold water for 1 minute, then add boiling water, stir until dissolved and clear. Let this cool while you start whipping the heavy cream and sugar. As cream starts to thicken, add gelatin. Continue to whip until stiff peaks form. Add 1/4 of the cream to the chocolate mixture and mix thoroughly. Then fold this into the remaining cream. Once you have it completed, spread this chocolate mousse onto the cake and refrigerate.
third layer
Beat egg yolks until pale. Add sugar, flour, and gelatin, then beat until mixed. Bring cream and vanilla extract to a boil. Add a small amount of cream to egg mixture while stirring. Gradually add until all of the cream has been added and then pour entire mixture through a strainer into the pan. Continue to cook until custard begins to thicken. Cool slightly, then pour on top of the chocolate mousse layer and freeze while getting the fourth layer ready.
top
Bring butter and cream to a boil, pour over chocolate and let sit for 5 minutes. Stir until smooth. Let cool until it starts to thicken. Remove cake from freezer, remove the cheesecake pan collar, then pour some of the icing and use a spatula to spread it evenly across the top and sides of the cake. While this is still wet, put chocolate chips onto the side of the cake. Optional: Melt half a cup of white chocolate chips (in the microwave) and swirl into the icing if you want yours to look like OG

Submitter: 
greenbabby
Description: 
suppose too be just like olive garden's black tie mousse cake
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
a long time
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
