URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62598609/pot-roast-my-way/
Title:
Pot Roast My Way Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 4lb chuck roast
kosher salt and pepper
1 teaspoon curry powder
2 teaspoons smoke paprika
1/2 teaspoon granulated garlic
olive oil
1 large Spanish onion roughly chopped
1 leek (white and pale green part) halved then roughly chopped and rinsed thoroughly
7 carrots roughly chopped
5 garlic cloves smashed
2 pasilla chiles roasted then skinned, seeded and chopped
3/4 cup bourbon whiskey
1 12 oz bottle rootbeer
1 cup red wine
2 cups chicken stock
1 tablespoon beef base
1 tablespoon worchestershire sauce
2 teaspoons Wondra flour mixed w/ a little water
1 14.5 oz can crushed tomato
4 large sprigs fresh thyme
3 sprigs fresh rosemary

Directions:
Place pasilla chiles on sheet pan and broil till blackened on all sides.  Remove and wrap in foil to steam.  Remove skin and stem then seed and chop.  Preheat oven to 325 degrees.  Salt and pepper the beef.  Combine curry powder, paprika and granulated garlic then rub all over the meat.  Set aside.  Heat 2-3 tablespoons olive oil in a large dutch oven over med/high heat.  Add the onion, carrots and leek.  Sautee till starting to brown then add the garlic cloves and pasilla chiles and cook another 2-3 mins.  Remove vegetables to a plate.  Add another 2-3 tablespoons olive to the pot then add the beef and brown well on all sides then remove to a plate.  Turn the heat down to medium and add the whiskey and reduce by 1/2.  Using a torch lighter flame the brandy to remove excess alchohol.  Increase the heat back to med/high and add the rootbeer, red wine, chicken stock, beef base and chicken stock and bring back to a boil.  Stir in the Wondra mixture.  Add the crushed tomatoes, thyme and rosemary.  Add the vegetables back in then add the meat.  Turn to coat the meat.  Cover the pot leaving the lid askew then put in preheated oven.  Cook for 3 1/2 - 4 hours turning the meat halfway.  Remove the meat and tent.  Strain the vegetables from the the pan and discard.  Reduce gravy to desired consistency or add cornstarch mixed with water to the stock to thicken.  Slice the beef and serve the gravy over.  I served w/ rosemary and chive roasted red potatoes and roasted root vegetables

Submitter: 
Ken from CA
Description: 
Having never made a pot roast before, I started searching recipes but found most to kinda boring.  So I decided to make up my own.  Instant hit with the family.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
