URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62609343/morning-glory-muffins/
Title:
Morning Glory Muffins Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cup white all-purpose flour
1 cup whole wheat flour
1/2 cup brown sugar
scant 1/2 cup white sugar
1 tablespoon ground cinnamon
2 teaspoons baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
rounded 1/2 cup of flaked, unsweetened coconut
1/4 cup of raisins
scant 1/2 cup of chopped prunes (I like the Cherry Essence ones!)
1 large apple, peeled and grated (I use my food processor)
1 cup of crushed fresh pineapple (I use my food processor)
2 cups of grated carrots (I use my food processor)
1/2 cup chopped pecans
3 large eggs
1/2 cup canola oil
1/2 cup regular applesauce
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon coconut extract

Directions:
Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F.
Sift or whisk together the flour, sugars, cinnamon, baking soda, and salt into a large bowl. Add the coconut, raisins, prunes, apple, pineapple, carrots, and nuts, and stir to combine.
In a separate bowl, whisk the eggs with the oil and vanilla and coconut extracts. Pour into the bowl with the dry ingredients and blend well.
Spoon the batter into muffin tins lined with muffin cups, filling each to the brim. Bake for 20 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the middle comes out clean. Cool muffins in the pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a rack to finish cooling.

Submitter: 
toastyfrenchy
Description: 
This is my adaptation of Earthbound Farms' Original Morning Glory muffin.  I have replaced half the oil with applesauce, reduced the sugar, and switched up some other ingredients (like fresh pineapple for canned, and prunes for some of the raisins).  I love the combination of flavors, and the muffins are still deliciously moist, with much less fat and sugar!  Don't process the apple, pineapple and carrots together - they break down at different rates in the processor.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
