URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62605203/chicken-enchiladas-suizas/
Title:
Chicken Enchiladas Suizas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves
1 tablespoon butter
1 cup chopped onion
1 green bell pepper, seeded and chopped
8 oz. grated cheddar cheese
1 4-oz. can diced green chiles
1 cup purchased green chile salsa
1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro
4 teaspoons ground cumin
salt and black pepper
12 to 15 7-inch flour tortillas
10 oz. Monterey Jack cheese, grated
1 cup whipping cream
1/2 cup chicken broth

Directions:
Place chicken in pan of boiling water to cover, and simmer 15-20 minutes. Remove from heat, drain, cool, and shred chicken. In skillet, melt butter over medium heat. Cook onion and bell peppers until just soft, 5-8 minutes. Transfer to large bowl. Add chicken, cheddar cheese, green chiles, salsa, cilantro, and cumin. Season with salt and pepper to taste and mix well.
Note: you can do this much a day ahead and store in the fridge. It's pretty tasty just as is without the rest of the recipe, but since you're making a special dinner, read on.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease 10x15x2-inch baking pan or 2 smaller pans. Place 1 flour tortilla on flat surface and place about 1/3 cup chicken mixture along 1 edge. Roll up from filling side, and place, seam side down, in prepared pan. Repeat process with remaining chicken mixture. Sprinkle Monterey Jack over enchiladas.
Combine cream and chicken broth and pour over enchiladas. Cover pan with foil and bake 30 minutes. Remove foil and continue baking 10 minutes or until thoroughly heated. Garnish individual servings with avocado, tomato and cilantro, if desired.

Submitter: 
Marie
Description: 
Chicken Enchiladas Suizas Recipe 
Suiza refers to the creamy sauce that bathes the enchiladas.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 hr. 40 min.
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
