URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62606586/baked-chicken-cordon-bleu/
Title:
Baked Chicken Cordon Bleu Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2-6oz. pkgs long grain and wild rice mix
2 c sliced fresh mushrooms
1/4 c sliced green onions
2 cloves garlic, minced
2 T butter
2 T flour
2 c half and half or light cream
1/2 c shredded Gruyere cheese (2 ounces)
2 T dry sherry (optional)
6 skinless, boneless chicken breats halves (about 2 & 1/2 lbs total)
3 oz Gruyere cheese, cut into 3x1/2x1/ 2-inch sticks
6 very thin slices Black Forest ham or country ham
1/2 t salt
1/4 t pepper
1/3 c flour
2 eggs lightly beaten
2 T water
1 1/2 c panko (Japanese stle bread crumbs)
1/4 c vegetable oil

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.  Prepare rice mixes according to pkg directions.  Spread cooked rice in the bottom of an ungreased 3 quart baking dish.  Meanwhile for sauce in a medium saucepan cook mushrooms, green onions and garlic in hot buter over medium heat until tender.  Stir in the 2 T flour.  Gradually stir in half and half.  Cook and stir until thickened and bubbly.  Stir in shredded cheese until melted.  If desired stir in sherry.  Spoon sauce over rice cover and keep warm.  Starting from the thickest side of each chicken breast half make a horizontal slit to but not through the other side.  Wrap each stick of cheese in a slice of ham and insert into a slit.  Secure with wooden toothpicks.  Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper.  Place the 1/3 c flour in a shallow dish.  In a second shallow dish combine eggs and water.  Place panko in a third shallow dish.  Dip chicken in flour shaking off excess, dip in egg then in panko turning to coat.  In an extra large skillet heat 2 T of the oil over medium heat.  Cook chicken half at a time in hot oil about 4 minutes or until brown on both sides adding the remaining 2 T oil with the second batch.  Remove toothpicks.  Place chicken on top of sauce.  Bake covered for 40 to 45 minutes or until chicken is no longer pink.

Submitter: 
TINAMARIES
Description: 
What can I say except its worth the effort and longer ingredient list!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
