URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62609886/caramelized-banana-triangles/
Title:
Caramelized Banana Triangles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/592178.jpg
Ingredients:
Filling:
1 medium banana, cut lengthwise and sliced 1/4 in.
1 Tablespoon butter
1/4 cup brown sugar
dash of cinnamon
5-6 lumpia wrapper (spring roll), cut in 3rds (makes 15-18 strips)
Paste:
1 Tablespoon flour
1 Tablespoon water
Sprinkle:
1 Tablespoon white sugar
1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
Oil:
Vegetable oil, for frying

Directions:
On a medium high heat, melt butter in a pan, then stir in the brown sugar and cinnamon. Mix well.
When you see the slightest bubbles, add bananas and gently stir until it starts to carmelize. Transfer the bananas into a bowl. Using a spoon, roughly slice bananas leaving it chunky. Set aside to cool a bit.
In a smaller bowl, whisk the flour and water until paste consistency. In another smaller bowl, mix together the cinnamon/sugar and set that aside for sprinklig at the end.
Place one strip in front of you. Put 3/4-1 teaspoon of filling in lower corner of pastry, and fold corner of lumpia wrapper over to enclose filling and form a triangle. Continue folding (like a flag), maintaining triangle shape. On the last fold, smear the sides with paste to seal closed. Put triangle, seam side down. Make more triangles in the same manner, using all the filling.
Heat a frying pan to medium-high heat, filled with about 2 inches of oil. Fry the triangles until golden brown and set on paper towel to drain. Sprinkle with cinnamon/sugar while it's still warm.

Submitter: 
moaa
Description: 
This simplified banana filling is a favorite Filipino treat. It is also known as turon using burro bananas and can be cut lenthwise (instead of my sliced version), sprinkled with brown sugar then rolled like an eggroll style. I decided to fold this in a cute triangle shape inspired by my favorite vietnamese sandwich shop. Drizzle with chocolate or caramel for a prettier presentation.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
45
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
