URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62607812/spicy-soba-noodles/
Title:
Spicy Soba Noodles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/563753.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 pound chicken breast, thinly sliced
1/2 cup sliced mushrooms (your choice)
2 carrots, julienned or grated
1 Parisian cucumber julienned or thinly sliced
2 green onions chopped thinly
4-5 oz soba noodles (or about enough for two people)
1 lime
1 tbsp sriracha sauce
3 tbsp of orange juice
Soy sauce
2 tbsp olive oil

Directions:
Fill pot with water and heat to high to bring to a boil.
Thinly slice chicken breasts and set aside.
Slice mushrooms, green onions and julienne or grate/thinly slice carrots and cucumbers.  Set aside and keep veggies separate.
Whisk together hot sauce, orange juice and the juice of one lime. Set aside.
Fire up skillet to medium-high heat and add 1 tbsp olive oil.  When oil is hot, add in chicken. Liberally add some sauce while chicken is cooking. (2-3 minutes)
At this point, you can add your soba noodles to the boiling pot of water. Cook noodles according to package and drain them when done & set aside.
When chicken is done, set aside into a bowl. Add the remaining 1 tbsp olive oil and heat. Toss in mushrooms and saute until done.
Add back chicken and soba noodles to skillet. Toss in the sauce mixture until noodles are completely coated. Cook for 1-2 mins.
Serve dish, adding generous amounts of carrots, cucumbers and green onion for garnish on top. (The raw carrot and cucumber help cool the palette in this otherwise really spicy dish!)

Submitter: 
Melissa
Description: 
These spicy soba noodles are quick, healthy and delicious- perfect for a week night dinner. The recipe is so versatile too- you can easily manipulate to your liking! Note, this recipe is really spicy! Adjust the amount of sriracha hot sauce to your preference of heat.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
