URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62600577/chicken-with-roasted-garlic-sauce/
Title:
Chicken with Roasted Garlic Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3-3 1/2# whole broiler-fryer chicken
15 cloves garlic, peeled
1T minced garlic (about 6 cloves)
1t salt
1T cooking oil
1C water
1/4C flour
Chicken broth
1T lemon juice
pepper
Snipped fresh parsley (opt.)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees
Rinse chicken; pat dry. Flatten 5 of the garlic cloves and place inside body cavity of chicken. Skewer neck skin to back; tie legs to tail. Twist wings under back. Combine minced garlic and salt. Brush chicken with oil, then rub garlic-salt mixture onto skin.
Place chicken, breast-side up, on rack in shallow roasting pan. In another ovenproof pan combine remaining garlic cloves and the water. Place both pans in preheated 375 degrees oven and roast, uncovered, for 1 1/4-1 1/2 hrs. or till juices run clear and drumsticks move easily in their sockets. Spoon drippings over chicken occasionally. If necessary, cover chicken with foil of the last 20 min. of roasting to prevent overbrowning. Check garlic cloves to be sure they have enough water to cook gently, but not burn. Transfer chicken to a serving platter. Let stand, covered loosely w/foil, for 15 min. before carving.
Meanwhile, pour pan drippings into large measuring cup. Also scrape browned bits into cup. Skim and reserve fat from drippings. Place 1/4C of fat into med. saucepan (discard remaining fat). Stir in flour and stir for 2 min, or till flour is golden. To remaining drippings in measuring cup, add cooked garlic cloves and their cooking water and enough chicken broth to equal 2 cups. Add all at once to flour mixture. Cook and stir over med. heat till thickened and bubbly. Cook and stir for 2 min more. Stir in lemon juice and season to taste w/pepper. If desired, garnish w/parsley.

Submitter: 
Judy Bodnar
Description: 
8 carbs, lots of garlic, 21 cloves all together, roasted with whole broiler-fryer chicken.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
