URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62600600/slow-roasted-pork-loin-with-molasses-and-balsamic-glaze/
Title:
Slow roasted pork loin with molasses and balsamic glaze Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup balsamic vinegar
1/2 small onion, coarsely chopped
6 thyme sprigs
2 cups chicken stock, preferably home made
1 cup unsulfured molasses
2 tbsps powdered mustard
1/4 tsp crushed red pepper
2 5 bone pork loin roasts, chine bones removed (about 4 pounds each)
salt
2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced
2 rosemary sprigs, broke in 2 inch pieces

Directions:
In medium saucepan, combine balsamic vinegar with the onion and 2 thyme sprigs and boil over moderately high heat until reduced to 1/3 cup, about 10 minutes.Transfer mix to a heatproof cup. Add stock to sauce pan and boil over moderate heat for 10 minutes. Add balsamic reduction and boil until liquid is thickened (about 15 minutes)
Strain balasamic sauce. Transfer 1/4cup of the sauce to sall bowl for reserve. Return the rest to the saucepan and stir in molasses,mustard, and cushed red peppers, let glaze cool.
Place pork roasts on a large rimmed baking sheet and season generously with salt. Coat roasts with the glaze and let stand for 30 minutes,brushing occasionly.
Preheating oven to 300 degrees. Set a rack in large roasting pan.Transfer the roasts to the rack, allowing the glaze to drip back onto the sheet.Top the roasts with the remaining 4 sprigs of thyme, garic, and rosemary;season with salt.Add 1/2 inch of water to the roasting pan and roast for 2 1/2 hours. (thickest part registers 145)Add water to the pan as it dries out and baste the meat with pan juices from time to time during roasting.
Transfer the roasts to a cutting board and cover loosely with foil. Let rest for 20 minutes. Carve the roasts into chops and arrane on platter.Drizzle with reserved balsamic sauce and serve.

Submitter: 
Julissa Dufault
Description: 
850 calories
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
