URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62601143/chorizo-shrimp-n-cheese-stuffed-poblanos-topped-with-chipotle-cream/
Title:
Chorizo, Shrimp N' Cheese Stuffed Poblanos topped with Chipotle Cream Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/561874.jpg
Ingredients:
4 poblano chiles
1/2 lb chorizo
6 large shrimp cleaned, tails removed and chopped into small peices
2 tablespoons oil
1 shallot, minced
2 cloves garlic
3/4 cup Monterrey Jack Cheese
For Cream:
1/4 cup poblano cream
1/3 cup mexican crema
1-2 tablespoon chipotle peppers and adobo (blended until smooth)
2 tablespoons buttermilk
1/4-1/2 teaspoon salt, to taste
Habanero Salsa:
8-10 tomatillos, husks removed and cleaned
2 habaneros
4 garlic cloves, minced
1 white onion, diced
1/2 teaspoon mexican oregano
1/2 teaspoon cumin
1 teaspoon salt

Directions:
Fill pot with enough water to cover tomatillos, bring to boil.  Add habaneros.  Boil until tomatillos have turned brownish.  Remove from heat and discard all water except about 1/2 cup.  Add everything to blender, including onion, garlic, cumin, oregano and salt.  Blend until smooth and set a side.
Preheat oven to 350.  Spray baking sheet with non-cooking spray.  Lay chiles on pan.  Bake for 15-20 minutes until skin is slightly bubbly and peeling on bottom side, turn chiles and repeat.  Place chiles into sealed paper/plastic bag on plate for 10-15 minutes.
While chiles are cooking heat skillet.  Add oil, once oil is hot add shallots and garlic.  Saute until almost fragrant, about 3-4 minutes.  Add chorizo.  Cook about 15 minutes, or until done.  Add shrimp and cook for about 2-3 minutes.  Remove from heat and set a side.
For cream place everything into a small dish and stir until well combined.
Remove chiles from bag and remove skins. Carefully make a slit from top of chile to bottom. Carful not to tear chile, spoon out seeds and discard.  In a bowl combine 1/2 cup of cheese and chorizo/shrimp mixture.  Stuff each chile with the mixture. In a shallow baking dish spoon 2-3 tablespoons of habanero salsa across bottom of dish.  Place chiles into the baking dish.  Sprinkle remaining cheese over top and bake for 10 minutes or until the cheese is slightly golden brown and bubbly. Remove and cool.
Top with chipotle cream.

Submitter: 
Sherbear1
Description: 
Someone described this dish to me that she tried at a restaurant and I had to try to re-create it.  Its a poblano chile stuffed with chorizo, shrimp and cheese, topped with chipotle cream and habanero salsa on the side.  Serve this with rice and tortillas.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
