URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62608047/marvels-best-seafood-and-chicken-paella-with-saffron-rice/
Title:
Marvel's Best Seafood and Chicken Paella with Saffron Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/563947.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cups Paella rice (Matiz, Callaspara, Bomba)
1/2 cup olive oil
6 cups boiling chicken broth
Big pinch of saffron (1/4 tsp)
Ground black pepper
1 tsp salt
1 small chicken in eight pieces (2 lb)
4 pork loin chops, cut in half
6 chorizo sausages (about 1/2 pound)
One dozen fresh shrimp
One dozen fresh clams
One dozen fresh mussels
3 large lobster tails halved or whole lobster halved
1/2 cup of cured ham, cubed
1/2 cup diced (seeded & peeled) tomato
1/2 cup finely diced onions
1/2 cup fresh or frozen peas
1 tsp minced garlic
1 red pepper roasted, peeled & seeded and cut in strips
Parsley for garnish
Serve with lemon wedges

Directions:
Clean the shellfish: peel shrimp leave tail, devein; scrub, debeard mussels and clams and de-sand*; if whole, cut lobster into claw and tail pieces
Roast, seed and peel red pepper, cut into thin strips
Prick sausages. bring to boil in water then turn off heat and leave for 5 minutes, drain and cut 1/4 inch slices
In paella pan, fry chicken pieces in 3 tbs olive oil until golden brown, remove chicken
Pour out fat from pan and brown pork in 3 tbs of fresh olive oil, remove
Put garlic, onions and tomatoes in pan, stir and reduce until liquid is nearly gone, this is your "sofrito", remove
When ready to cook (you can prep the above in advance), preheat oven to 400 degrees
Put saffron into a cup of the hot broth, set aside
Add rice to paella pan with remain olive oil & sofrito and heat on stove, stirring all the while rice until rice is coated and begining to brown (3 to 4 minutes)
Add boiling stock and ham and bring back to boil while stirring
Remove pan from heat and adjust seasoning
Push pork well into the rice as well as the shrimp, next add the sausage, then chicken.
Push the clams and mussels into the rice so that their hinges face the bottom of the pan
Arrange lobster tails on the surface (meat side down), lay red pepper strips on surface and sprinkle with peas.  Do not stir rice after this point.
Bake uncovered for 25 minutes until liquid has just evaporated.  (Check after 20 minutes and if clams and mussels are not opening, loosely tent tin foil over the pan)
When rice is done*, remove from oven and cover with a clean cloth napkin or towel and let rest for another 5 minutes
Sprinkle with chopped parsley and serve with lemon wedges

Submitter: 
Marvel's Kitchen
Description: 
Spanish Paella a dish with a big taste is as complicated or simple as you wish to make it. The rice is one of the stars here!  Great for formal dining, but can even be made on a grill or over open coals. What you put on it is up to you, from chicken to sausage, pork to clams, rabbit to lobster.  This paella mixta is combination of seafood, sausage and chicken and provides something tasty for even the pickiest eaters.  Juani, thanks for serving me so many fantastic paellas... you're the inspiration here.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
90 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
