URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62608688/diet-friendly-fake-out-neopolitan-ice-cream-dessert/
Title:
Diet-Friendly Fake-Out Neopolitan Ice Cream Dessert Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/564483.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (3-oz)package instant Sugar-free Jell-O vanilla pudding mix
1 (3-oz)package instant Sugar-free Jell-O chocolate pudding mix
1 (3-oz)package instant strawberry creme pudding mix
3 cups low-fat milk, divided
1 (16-oz)container frozen fat-free whipped topping, thawed & divided
3 1/3 packages low-fat graham crackers, divided (roughly 27 whole graham crackers)
1 (16-oz)container prepared sugar-free Pillsbury chocolate frosting

Directions:
In 3 medium individual bowls, mix each pudding mix separately with 1 cup of milk, mix thoroughly, then add 1/3 container of thawed whip topping, to each pudding mix, again, mix thoroughly until combined and no lumps. Refrigerate for 20 minutes.
In the meantime, Take 24 whole graham crackers, break in half. Take 3 whole graham crackers and break into singles (broken into forths).
Lining the bottom of an 8x13 cake pan, line bottom with 12 halved graham crackers and 3 graham cracker singles. End to end of the pan.
Then spoon out and spread vanilla pudding mix gently over the graham crackers, evenly. Top pudding with 12 halved graham crackers and 3 graham cracker singles. Repeat next layer with chocolate pudding mix, then graham crackers, then strawberry creme pudding mix and finally cover pudding with the last layer of graham crackers.
Open container of prepared chocolate frosting, remove foil cover and lid. Heat frosting for 30 seconds at a time in the microwave, stirring to get frosting to a semi-liquid state for pouring, should take a total of 2 heating cycles in the microwave. Gently pour frosting over the top layer of dessert until completely covered. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours. Serve and enjoy.

Submitter: 
Melissa Goff
Description: 
Spun off of Chocolate Eclair Dessert from here. This is like A Neopolitan Ice Cream Sundae. A bit of Heaven. And easier on the hips.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
