URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62602763/mels-heal-tappin-beef-jerky/
Title:
Mel's Heal Tappin' Beef Jerky Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/561991.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup soy sauce
3/4 cup water
3 tbsp worcestershire sauce
3 tbsp liquid smoke
2 tbsp balsamic vinegar
1 tbsp brown sugar
8-9 dashes cayenne pepper sauce
1 1/2 tsp garlic powder
1 1/2 tsp onion powder
1 tsp meat tenderizer
1 tsp paprika
1 tsp salt
1 tsp black pepper
1/2 tsp crushed red pepper flakes
3 pounds moderately thin sliced top round beef

Directions:
In a small bowl, mix water, soy sauce, liquid smoke, balsamic vinegar, worcestershire sauce, brown sugar, garlic powder, onion powder, meat tenderizer, paprika, salt, and crushed red pepper flakes together thoroughly.
Cut the thin sliced top round beef into nice size strips, 3 to 3 1/2 inches wide. Place in a ziploc bag, and pour marinade mixture over the meat and seal closed.
With your hand shake or move marinade around in the bag to incorperate liquids in and around and onto meat, as evenly as possible. Refrigerate for 8 hours or over night for best flavor. Periodically, pull bag out of the refrigerator and move meat and liquids around in the bag to get a good quality of the liquids from the marinade over the meats to insure even flavoring.
When time to dehydrate meat. Remove the meats from liquids and disguard. Lay the meat strips on to dehydrating baking sheets loosely and spaced out.
Follow instructions on dehydrator for proper drying. Dehydration of meat should take 4-6 hours if meat is very thin to 6-8 hours if meat is moderately thin...if meat is 1/2 inch thick..meat could take at least 8-12 hours. Please watch meat from time to time, and rotate trays if neccassary, if dehydrator instructs say to.

Submitter: 
Melissa Goff
Description: 
This is a kicked up verison of beef jerky.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
25
Nutritional Facts:
NA
