URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62609525/chicken-with-honey-orange-sauce/
Title:
Chicken with Honey-Orange Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 navel oranges
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon salt, divided
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, (about 1 1/4 pounds), trimmed and tenders removed
1 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth
1 tablespoon canola oil
1 cup white wine
1/2 cup golden raisins
2 tablespoons honey
1 3-inch cinnamon stick
1/2 cup slivered almonds, toasted (see Tip)

Directions:
1.Zest and juice one orange. Remove the skin and white pith from the other orange, then halve and slice. Reserve zest and juice separately from the orange slices.
2.Combine flour, 1/4 teaspoon salt and pepper in a shallow dish. Dredge chicken in the flour, shaking off any excess. Transfer the remaining flour to a small bowl, add broth and whisk to combine.
3.Heat oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the chicken and cook until browned, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate. Add wine to the pan and cook for 1 minute. Add the flour-broth mixture, the reserved orange zest and juice, raisins, honey, cinnamon stick and the remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to a simmer, return the chicken and any accumulated juices to the pan and cook, turning the chicken once or twice, until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the meat registers 165°F and the sauce has thickened, 10 to 12 minutes.
4.Transfer the chicken to a serving platter. Discard the cinnamon stick. Spoon the sauce over the chicken and garnish with the reserved orange slices and almonds.

Submitter: 
Irene Padilla Lopez
Description: 
Here we combine raisins, cinnamon, honey and almonds with orange juice, zest, wine and broth to make a rich, savory pan sauce for chicken. There's plenty of the gorgeous sauce, so be sure to serve whole-wheat egg noodles, couscous or rice on the side.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
