URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62602660/grilled-pork-tenderloin-with-creamy-corn/
Title:
Grilled Pork Tenderloin with Creamy Corn Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/560732.jpg
Ingredients:
Paste
3 large garlic cloves
1/4 cup fresh oregano leaves and tender stems
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil
2 tablespoons cider vinegar
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
2 pork tenderloins, about 1 pound each, trimmed of excess fat and silver skin
5 ears fresh corn, husked
Extra-virgin olive oil
1/2 cup finely chopped red onion
3 scallions, thinly sliced crosswise
1 cup heavy cream
1/4 teaspoon kosher salt
1/8 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano
Hot sauce (optional)

Directions:
Roughly chop the garlic, and then sprinkle the oregano and salt over the garlic. Continue to chop until the garlic and oregano are minced. Periodically use the side of your knife blade to press the garlic on the cutting board and create a paste. Transfer the garlic paste to a bowl and mix in the oil, vinegar, and pepper.
Brush the paste all over the tenderloins. Cover and refrigerate for 1 to 3 hours. Allow the tenderloins to stand at room temperature for 15 to 30 minutes before grilling. Prepare the grill for direct cooking over medium heat (350° to 450°F).
Lightly brush the ears of corn with oil. Brush the cooking grates clean. Grill the corn over direct medium heat, with the lid closed as much as possible, until browned in spots and barely tender, about 10 minutes, turning occasionally. Using a sharp knife, cut the corn kernels off the cobs.
In a medium skillet over medium heat, warm 2 tablespoons of oil. Add the onion and scallions; cook for 3 to 4 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the corn kernels, cream, salt, and pepper. Mix well. Reduce the heat to low, and simmer until about half of the cream has evaporated, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the oregano and a couple dashes of hot sauce, if desired. Set aside.
Grill the pork over direct medium heat, with the lid closed as much as possible, until the outsides are evenly seared and the centers are barely pink, 15 to 20 minutes, turning about every 5 minutes. The internal temperature of the tenderloins should be 150°F when fully cooked. Remove from the grill and let rest for 3 to 5 minutes.
Meanwhile, warm the corn mixture over medium heat. Cut the tenderloins crosswise into 1/2-inch slices. Arrange the slices on a platter or individual plates. Serve warm with the creamy corn.

Submitter: 
Knightcraft
Description: 
Tasty pork tenderloins infused with garlic and parsley. Grilled and served over a bed of creamed corn.
- From Weber's Way To Grill
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
