URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62612486/gregs-famous-chili/
Title:
Greg's Famous Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Ingredients
¦1/4 cup olive oil
¦1 pound inside bottom round stew meat, cut into bite-sized pieces
¦2 pounds ground round (85/15)
¦1/2 pound ground hot Italian sausage
2 strips of smoked bacon, chopped
¦1 cup green bell pepper, diced
¦1 cup red bell pepper, diced
¦1 cup yellow bell pepper, diced
¦2 cups yellow onion, diced
3 to 4 large cloves of garlic chopped
¦1/2 cup Burgundy red wine
¦2 (14.5 ounce) cans stewed tomatoes (Del Monte Jalapeno or similar)
¦4 Tablespoon tomato paste
¦2 Tablespoons dark brown sugar
¦1 teaspoon Kosher salt
¦1 teaspoon ground Tellicherry black pepper
¦2 Tablespoons freshly ground cumin
¦2 Tablespoons hot chili powder
¦1 Tablespoon Aleppo pepper
¦1/2 teaspoon ground Turkish bay leaves
¦1 can of beer
¦1 can Kuhners Jalapeno black beans
¦1 pound cheddar cheese (mild fancy shredded)
¦1 scallion, chopped
¦10 corn tortillas, julienne cut

Directions:
Skewer the stew meat and sprinkle with Dinosaur BBQ rub.  Grill the skewers preferably over a charcoal fire with mesquite wood chips added.  Grill the ground beef over the same fire to a medium rare.  Remove from grill and set aside.
Add the chopped bacon and italian sausage (removed from casing) to the heated olive oil in a large pot and brown. Remove meat with a slotted spoon and set aside. Brown ground beef and Italian sausage.
Remove excess oil, leaving 2 to 4 tablespoons in the pan. Add the peppers and onion to the pan. Saute on medium heat for 5 minutes. Add the garlic and saute for another 2 minutes.  Add wine to peppers and onion. Reduce by half. Place all four meats into the large pot. Add stewed tomatoes, tomato paste, brown sugar, salt, pepper cumin, chili powder, Aleppo peper, ground bay leaves and beer. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for approximately 3 hours stirring occasionally.
Add black beans. Let cook an additional 30 minutes.
Serve chili in soup bowls. Garnish with cheddar cheese, sour cream, and chopped red onion.

Submitter: 
gtsdls1
Description: 
Chili
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
4 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
14
Nutritional Facts:
NA
