URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62615490/seafood-stuffing-cups/
Title:
Seafood Stuffing Cups Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/569105.jpg
Ingredients:
6 slices cooked Turkey bacon, crumbled
6 ounces Cooked Baby Cocktail Shrimp
12 ounces raw Scallops
3 tbsp butter
1 cup finely chopped celery
2 tsp minced fresh garlic
2 tbsp finely minced fresh chives
3 tbsp Chipotle mayo
1/4 cup chopped tomatoes(seeds removed)
1 1/2 cups Italian Seasoned Bread Crumbs
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1/3 cup water (**see notes)
45-60 count Mini Phyllo Cups
**shredded cheese for topping after cups are baked

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
In a medium size, skillet on medium to medium high heat, cook bacon, thoroughly until crisp. Remove from pan, place on a paper towel. When cooled..crumble and set aside.
In a food processor, add shrimp, scallops and bacon.
In the same skillet that bacon was cooked in, melt butter and add celery and garlic. Cook until lightly tender, remove from heat and add celery/butter mixture to the food processor with the meats.
Then add remaining ingredients to the food processor: chives, mayo, tomatoes, bread crumbs, parmesan cheese and water.
Secure lid to food processor on processor. Then pulse all ingredients together, until well combined and ingredients look like a stuffing.
Using 2 cookie sheets, line pans with parchment paper. Taking a spoon, measure out a heaping tsp of mixture and place mixture into the mini phyllo cups.
Bake at 375 degrees for 15-20 minutes or until tops of cups are a medium golden brown. Remove from oven sprinkle shredded cheese on top and serve.

Submitter: 
Melissa Goff
Description: 
This recipe was part of a Group recipe Challenge. And this was my spin on a list of ingredients. With a nice light aromatic flavor of the sea with a kick, combined with a quick fix stuffing, baked in phyllo pastry cups for a quick little appy for a crowd. Ingredients for recipe challenge...Tortillas(replaced with bread crumbs), bacon, celery, pastry(using phyllo cups),cheese(using Parmesan), shrimp, tomatoes, chives, Smoked Salmon(replaced with scallops), garlic and salad dressing (using Chipotle Mayo).
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
45
Nutritional Facts:
NA
