URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62610069/spicy-curry-beef-stew/
Title:
Spicy Curry Beef Stew Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb beef stew meat
1/2 cup flour, reserved
2 teaspoons kosher salt
1 to 2 cups low sodium beef broth, reserved
1 medium white onion, chopped
3 garlic cloves, chopped
2 teaspoons freshly grated ginger
1 chipotle chile in adobo sauce, chopped
1 teaspoon of adobo sauce
1.5 teaspoons of curry powder (I prefer McCormick's Hot Madras Curry Powder)
1 cup of light coconut milk
2 cups of baby carrots
1 cup of frozen peas

Directions:
Remove the stew meat from the fridge.  In a large bowl, season the beef with the kosher salt, then use enough flour to coat all of the pieces (about 1/4 cup).  Toss the beef, and if you have time, let it rest for up to an hour before cooking.  This will allow it to absorb the salt, which gives it a better flavor.
Heat a large dutch oven over medium high heat.  Add the stew meat and brown on all sides.
Remove the meat from the pan.  Turn down the heat to medium. Add a splash of beef broth to loosen the brown bits from the bottom of the pan.  Scrape them up with a spoon or spatula.  Add the onions and garlic, and saute until the onions are slightly soft.  Add the ginger, the chile, the adobo sauce, and the curry powder, and stir until fragrant, about 60 seconds.  Continue to add a splash of broth when necessary.
Add the meat back to the pan, along with the coconut milk and the baby carrots.  Stir to combine.  Add enough broth to barely cover the stew, if necessary.   Cover the pan with a lid, and place in the 375 degree oven.  Cook for 1 hour.
After 1 hour, remove the stew and give it a stir, scraping the bottom and sides of the pan.  Add more broth or more flour, depending upon whether you want your sauce thicker or thinner.  Return to the oven and cook for another hour.
Remove from the oven.  Scrape the bottom and sides and stir through.  Add the frozen peas, and let the stew rest for 20 to 30 minutes to allow the flavors to blend (or a whole day if you have the time).
Serve over basmati rice, or with Naan bread.

Submitter: 
toastyfrenchy
Description: 
This stew gets great spicy flavor from hot curry powder, and tantalizing heat from a chipotle chile.  Light coconut milk brings all the flavors together.  I like to serve it with brown basmati rice seasoned with saffron.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
