URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62619363/cousin-marys-stuffed-peppers/
Title:
COUSIN MARY'S STUFFED PEPPERS Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/591171.jpg
Ingredients:
8 peppers ( red, yellow or orange)
2 tbsp olive oil, divided
1 medium sized onion, chopped
4 garlic cloves, peeled and minced
1 tsp salt
1 tsp ground black pepper
1 tbsp chili powder
1 tbsp ground cumin
16 oz. fresh turkey sausage, removed from casing OR lean ground turkey
1 (16 oz) jar chunky salsa - hot or mild
2 cups fresh baby spinach chopped OR 1 (10oz) package chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed to remove moisture
1 cup cooked quinoa (optional)
1 cup cooked brown rice
1 cup shredded cheddar cheese

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 F.  Cut peppers in half lengthwise, slicing from the stem to the bottoms.  Remove the whity pithy ribs inside peppers, and remove seeds.  Place peppers in a shallow 13 x 9 inch baking dish.  Drizzle the peppers with 1 tbsp of the oil.  Cover the dish with foil, and bake peppers 15 to 20 minutes, until they start to soften.
Meanwhile, heat the remaining 1 tbsp of the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.  Add the onion, garlic, salt, black pepper, chili powder and cumin; cook until the vegetables are softened, about 3 minutes.  Add the sausage to the skillet.  Cook, breaking it up with a slotted spoon or potato masher, until lightly browned, about 5 minutes.  Add the salsa and the spinach, and cook, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes.  Remove the skillet from the heat and stir in the cooked brown rice.
Carefully fill the pepper halves with the turkey/rice mixture.  Cover the dish with foil, and bake until the filling is hot and the peppers are tender.  20-25 minutes.  Remove foil and sprinkle the cheese over the top of the peppers.  Return to oven; bake, uncovered until the cheese has melted.

Submitter: 
Babbs
Description: 
YUMMY !
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
