URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62613365/chicken-or-veal-picata/
Title:
Chicken  or Veal Picata Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2-3 cloves garlic, chopped
1/3 cup butter & extra olive oil as needed
2 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves (or 4 small veal cutlets)
1/2 cup panko flakes
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1/2 Cup very thin-sliced mushrooms--chantrelle preferred
20 capers, or to taste (lightly rinsed)
Juice squeezed from 2.5-3.5 meyer lemons
1/3 cup white wine
2-3 tablespoons chicken or veal flavored demi-glace, or to taste
1 tablespoon corn starch
1/2 meyer lemon sliced thinly
1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, if wanted

Directions:
Lightly brown garlic, capers, & mushrooms in a medium saute pan.
If using chicken, place a chicken breast half on a work surface with the thick side facing to the right (if you're right-handed), and place your left hand down on the chicken breast. Using a very sharp knife, carefully cut the chicken breast from the thick side to about 1/2 inch from the edge of the thin side, in a horizontal cut. Open the cut chicken breast and spread it out like an open book.
Using a meat mallet gently pound the meat pieces out until each is an even thickness(thin).These pieces are called "scallops."
Place the panko flakes into a shallow dish, and dredge each scallop on both sides--patting in well.
Add the breaded scallops to the pan (with a bit of olive oil added, if needed)and cook them over medium heat until golden brown on both sides, 3 to 6 minutes per side.
Remove the pan from the heat.
In a small mixing bowl, mix the lemon juice & demi-glace. Mix the cornstarch and wine with a wire whisk and incorporate with the lemon mixture. Taste and add pepper and, if needed, salt.
Spread the lemon slices on top of the scallops.
Slowly pour the lemon sauce over all, Return to a simmer, cover pan & reheat for about 10 minutes, letting the sauce thicken and the dish absorb the sauce flavorings.
Remove the meat to plates, and spoon the sauce over the scallops. Garnish each serving with a warm lemon slice and the parsley, if used

Submitter: 
Jill Andrea
Description: 
Served with orzo and a bright green veggie(peas, asparagus, broccoli)you'll have a tasty, and elegant, meal!Modified from: Chicken Scallopini
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
