URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62616403/white-chicken-chili/
Title:
White Chicken Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 pounds bone-in, skin-on chicken breasts (2 whole breasts, split)
Salt and ground black pepper
1 teaspoon vegetable oil
3 medium poblano chilies, stemmed, seeded and chopped medium
1 medium Jalapeno chili, plus 1 small Jalapeno chili, seeds and ribs removed and set aside, fresh minced
2 medium onions, minced
6 medium cloves of garlic, minced or pressed through a garlic press (about 2 Tablespoons)
2 Tablespoons ground cumin
2 Tablespoons dried oregano
8 cups low-sodium chicken broth
2 (15oz) cans cannellini beans, drained and rinsed (can substitute bagged beans)
1/4 cup juice from 2-3 limes
1/4 cup minced fresh cilantro leaves

Directions:
1. Season chicken with salt and pepper. Heat oil in Dutch oven over medium-high heat until just smoking. Sear chicken, skin side down, until browned, about 4 minutes. Flip and sear on the other side until browned, another 4 minutes. Transfer chicken to a plate and remove and discard skin.
2. Add all of the chilies (except the small jalapeno), onions, garlic, cumin, oregano and 1 teaspoon of salt to the Dutch oven. Cover and cook over medium-low heat, stirring often, until the vegetables have softened, 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer half of the chilie mixture to a clean plate, set aside.
3. Stir in broth, chicken and beans. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat; reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the chicken is fully cooked, about 20 minutes. Using tongs transfer chicken to a large plate. Continue to simmer the chili, uncovered, until it has thickened, 35 to 40 minutes.
4. When chicken is cook enough to handle, shred it into bite-sized pieces, discarding the bones. Stir in the shredded chicken,reserved chilie mixture, lime juice, cilantro, scallions, and small jalapeno in the chili. Season with salt and pepper to taste. If chili is too thick, stir in additional water.

Submitter: 
Ladytia86
Description: 
From The Best Light Recipe Cookbook
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
