URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62618734/bannocks---scottish-oatcakes/
Title:
Bannocks - Scottish Oatcakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1½ cups Oatmeal
1/8tsp Salt
1tbsp Butter, Dripping, or Lard
¼tsp Baking Soda
½ cup Hot Water
Extra Oatmeal

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 160c/325f/gas 3.
Put the oatmeal, salt, and baking soda in a bowl and mix together. Melt the butter (or dripping or lard) and drizzle it over the oats. Add the hot water, and stir the mixture vigorously into a stiff dough.
Turn out the dough onto a flat surface—or better yet, onto a sheet of wax paper on a flat surface. If the dough sticks, sprinkle the surface lightly with a tablespoon or two of the extra oatmeal. Knead the dough thoroughly. You want the oats basically to lose their individuality—the dough should begin to look a little bit like rough cookie dough. Separate the dough into two equal portions. Roll each portion into a ball, then use a rolling pin to roll each ball into a round that is about 1/8 inch thick. With this recipe, the two rounds will each be about 6 inches across.
Transfer the rounds to a greased cookie sheet. Cut each round into quarters. Bake for 30-35 minutes. If you want them to be evenly golden, you can turn them over half way through the baking time. Enjoy warm, or put in an airtight storage container.
You can also cook your oatcakes on a griddle set over medium heat. The oatcakes should take about 3 minutes to cook. They are done when the edges start to curl. Then put them under the toaster/grill until slightly brown.

Submitter: 
Hasta Luego
Description: 
NOT mine but a traditional Scottish recipe, garnered from the mists of time. 
Oatcakes are generally rolled into 6-inch to 8-inch circles and then cut into fourths. The Scottish name for the round oatcake is bannock, while the sections into which the bannock is divided are farls. (Farl comes from the term fardel, which means “a fourth part,” though now the term farl refers only to quarters of oatcakes or shortbread.).
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
