URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62618366/slow-cooker-mexican-beef-barbacoa/
Title:
Slow Cooker Mexican Beef Barbacoa Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/569960.jpg
Ingredients:
4-1/2 lbs Beef Tip Roast, fat removed and cut in half
1 Teaspoon Salt
1 Teaspoon Fresh Ground Black Pepper
6 Ancho chiles
4 Guajillo chiles
8 Garlic cloves, minced
2 Tablespoon Hot sauce (I like Valentinas)
1- 15oz can chicken stock
1 Tablespoon instant coffee
1/2 Teaspoon cinnamon
1-1/4 Teaspoon Mexican oregano
1 Teaspon Cumin
3/4 Teaspoon Coriander
1/2 Teaspoon Allspice
1/2 Teaspoon White Pepper
1/2 Teaspoon Thyme
1 Teaspoon Salt
Juice of half of 1 Lemon (or lime)
1 Onion, cut into quarters

Directions:
Fill pot with water so that it will cover the chiles.  Place pot on stove and bring it to just about boiling.  Remove it from heat.  Remove stems and seeds from chiles and add chiles to pot and cover with lid for about 15 minutes.
Take roast, and rub/press the salt and pepper onto outside.  Set aside.
Combine coffee, cinnamon, oregano, cumin, coriander, allspice, white pepper, thyme and salt in a small bowl and set a side.
Remove chiles from pot and place into blender.  Add 1/2 cup of water that chiles were in to blender.  Blend until smooth.  Add spices to blender, blend again to combine.
Place meat into crock pot, carefully pour chile puree onto meat, pressing into skin.  Turn and coat all side of meat until mixture is gone.
Place half the can of chicken stock into the blender with garlic, blend well.  Pour mixture into crock pot, on sides of meat.  Pour the other half of the chicken stock in also.  Place the onion around the meat.
Cook on high for 7-8 hours.  Remove lid after 7 hours and shred the meat.  Add hot sauce to crock pot, stir well.  Season with salt and pepper to taste at this time.  Cook another hour on low.
Serve with your favorite toppings.

Submitter: 
Sherbear1
Description: 
Traditionally the mexican barbacoa is made in a pit about three feet deep.  When done it just falls apart.  I ate barbacoa at a small restaurant downtown for the first time years ago and have been trying to perfect the recipe ever since.  This is as close as I could come to barbacoa without the pit and the concience of a slow cooker.  I know it seems like a lot of ingredients, but it comes together perfectly.  You may add a chipotle pepper,if you like it a little more spicy. Perfect meal for Cinco de Mayo! Serve with tortillas, limes, cilantro, onion and salsa.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
