URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62615417/crawfish-fettuccine-alfredo/
Title:
Crawfish Fettuccine Alfredo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 tablespoon olive oil
1 cup chopped yellow onions
4 tablespoon seeded, chopped red bell pepper
4 tablespoon seeded, chopped yellow bell pepper
1/2 cup chopped green onions
6-8 sliced fresh mushrooms (optional)
2 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley
2 tablespoon minced garlic
3 teaspoon salt
Cayenne pepper (1/2 tablespoon - add less/more as preferred)
Tony Chachere's Creole Seasoning (1/2 tablespoon - add less/more as preferred)
Emeril's Essence seasoning (1/2 tablespoon - add less/more as preferred)
1 lb peeled, frozen crawfish tails
1 lb peeled, devined shrimp (optional)
1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese
1/4 cup shredded mozzarella cheese
2 cups heavy cream
6 tablespoons butter
Fettuccine Noodles or bow tie (optional)

Directions:
Noodles: Boil a box of bow tie noodles or 1/2 box of fettuccine noodles. Cook until tender.  Drain and rinse.
Sauce: Melt 6 tablespoons of butter in a sauce pan.  Add 2 cups of heavy cream.  Simmer on low heat to allow the sauce to reduce slightly.  Do not allow the sauce to boil. Add green onions and parsley and continue to simmer. Add Parmesan and mozzarella during the last 5 minutes of simmering to thicken and add flavor. (If you turn off the heat, the cheese's may clump.  Be sure to stir and warm before adding with other ingredients)
Seafood, Vegetables and Seasoning:  Heat oil olive in large pan.  Add yellow onions, red bell pepper,yellow bell pepper, 4 - 6 sliced fresh mushrooms (optional), minced garlic, salt, cayenne pepper, Tony Chachere's Creole seasoning, Emeril's Essence seasoning.  Saute until the onions start to become see-thru.
Add crawfish.  Continue to saute until completely thawed.  Add shrimp only after the crawfish has thawed. Continue to saute until shrimp are cooked.
In a large pot, combine the noodles, sauce and crawfish & shrimp mixture.  Stir and allow the mixture to set for about 5 - 8 minutes.

Submitter: 
Frances Smith Woods
Description: 
This is my husband's favorite dish!  He loves food that is well seasoned and full of flavor.  This dish definitely has both and it if very filling!

This dish does have a lot of ingredients, but I have found that if you chop all of the vegetables first it is much easier. Or, if you are lucky like me and have a partner in the kitchen that is willing to be your Sous Chef, that helps too!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 - 20 mins
Ready in:
40 - 50 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
