URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62614176/chicken-posole-soup/
Title:
Chicken Posole Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil (or to cover bottom of large skillet or dutch oven)
1/2 large yellow onion, fine dice
1/2 large purple onion, fine dice
1 large red bell pepper, fine dice
1 small zucchini, fine dice
4 cloves garlic
1 14/1-2 oz can diced tomatoes with green chilies
3 oz tomato paste (1/2 of a 6 oz can)
1 32 oz box Fat Free Chicken Broth
2 cups water
1 cup from one can of Hominy, drained (or 1 cup frozen corn)
3 tablespoons Chili Powder
1-1/2 teaspoons dried Oregano
1 tsp Cayenne pepper powder
1 tsp Cumin
1 tsp ground Coriander
1 tsp kosher salt (or to taste)
1 tsp fresh ground black pepper (or to taste)
10 frozen chicken tenders or 3 large frozen chicken breasts
Garnishes (all optional)
Chopped cilantro
Lime Wedges
Chopped avocados
Crumbled tortilla chips
Shredded Cheese (any kind)
Thin sliced scallion
Sour Cream

Directions:
(For the Crock Pot version, if on the stove top, do it in a big dutch oven)
Heat oil in a large sauce pan over medium heat and add the onions, bell pepper and zucchini and cook for just a few minutes.
Grate in the garlic with a micro plane and cook for a few minutes more.  Remove from heat once soft and translucent.
In the crock pot, put in the FROZEN chicken and cover with the canned tomatoes, tomato paste and spices.  Add the cooked veggies and the broth and water.  Put the crock pot on HIGH for 2 hours.  DON'T lift the lid!
After 2 hours, stir together and check for seasoning (more salt, pepper, etc).
Chicken should be mostly cooked by now (parts may still be pink) so pull out and shred with 2 forks.  Add chicken back to crock pot and put on low for 1 hour.
After one hour, add the hominy (or frozen corn) and cook for an additional 1/2 hour on low.
Serve with assorted garnishes.

Submitter: 
Ingalyn
Description: 
I tried this soup for the first time at a salad bar place and knew I had to replicate it.  Mine is full of veggies and tons of flavor and is low fat and low cal. I make mine in a crock pot, but in a dutch oven is just fine.  Not a traditional Posole, but super yummy.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
