URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62610736/cheesecake-bars-with-dulce-de-leche/
Title:
Cheesecake Bars with Dulce de Leche Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/565931.jpg
Ingredients:
For the crust:
2 sticks unsalted butter, melted and still warm
1/2 cup sugar
2 teaspoons mexican vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 cups all-purpose flour
For the cheesecake layer:
2-1/2 - 8oz packages of cream cheese, at room temperature
8 tablespoons sugar
1 1 /2 teaspoons mexican vanilla extract
2 large eggs, at room temperature
For the dulce de leche swirl:
1/2 cup dulce de leche
1/8 teaspoon salt

Directions:
Being by making the crust:
Preheat it to 350 degrees. Line a 9x13-inch baking pan completely with foil or parchement paper.
In a medium bowl, mix together the melted butter, sugar, vanilla and salt. Add the flour and mix just to combine.  The dough will be soft, and might be somewhat oily, that's how its supposed to be. Press the dough evenly across the bottom of the prepared pan. Bake for about 20-25 minutes, or until the crust is golden brown, with the edges being slightly darker than the center. Let cool on a wire rack.
While the crust is cooling, prepare the rest of the recipe. Lower the oven temperature to 325 degrees. Stir together the dulce de leche with the salt and set aside.
In the bowl of an electric mixer, beat the cream cheese until smooth and creamy on medium speed. Beat in the sugar and vanilla. Beat in the eggs one at a time. Scrape down the bowl well and give it a final beating until the batter is completely smooth and well-blended. Stir 2 tablespoons of the cheesecake batter into the salted dulce de leche.
Pour the remaining cheesecake batter over the cooled crust. Dollop the dulce de leche mixture over the cheesecake batter, leaving plenty of cheesecake batter in between. Using a butter knife, and being careful not to scrape the crust, swirl the dulce de leche into the cheesecake batter in small loopy circles until the surface is nicely marbled. Bake for 20-30 minutes, or until the filling is puffed but still jiggles like Jell-O when the pan is nudged.
Set the pan on a cooling rack and let cool completely. Refrigerate for at least 4 hours but preferably 24 hours before cutting into squares and serving.

Submitter: 
Sherbear1
Description: 
These cheesecake bars are a yummy classic with a mexican caramel sauce.  If you cant find dulce de leche you can make it easily or just substitute your favorite caramel sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
