URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62616754/bens-bangin-southwest-chili/
Title:
Ben's Bangin' Southwest Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/569804.jpg
Ingredients:
1lb Thick Sliced Wright Brand Bacon
1lb Neese's HOT Sausage
1lb Chorizo Sausage
1lb Ground Chuck
2 Tbs ground black pepper
2 Tbs chipotle chili powder (this is the key to the whole thing, don't substitute! McCormick's makes some, just be sure you use CHIPOTLE chili powder!
4 Tbs regular old chili powder
2 Tbs onion powder
1 Tsp garlic powder
2 Tbs ground Cumin
1 tsp ground coriander
1 Tbs red pepper flake
4 cloves garlic
1 cup of chopped fresh cilantro (the leaves of 1 bushell found in grocery store's produce section)
2 cans Miller Light Beer
1 medium sized yellow onion
1 sm/medium sized red onion
1 4oz can of diced jalepenos
1 40z can of diced green chilies
1 chipotle chili pepper in adobo sauce, diced (more if you're brave)
1 15oz can pinto beans
1 15oz can black beans
2 15oz cans dark red kidney beans
2 15oz cans of tomato sauce
1 15oz can of low sodium Swanson's Beef Broth
1 15oz can of tomato paste

Directions:
Cook bacon in the oven at 400 for 17-21 minutes or until crispy. Crumble bacon into bowl and reserve drippings.
Cook sausage, chorizo, and beef in chili pot until browned, drain off grease and put cooked meat in a separate container until needed later.
Add a few tablespoons of bacon drippings to the chili pot and saute chopped yellow and red onion until translucent in said drippings.
Once translucent, add cooked sausage/chorizo/beef mixture back to the pot and stir in pressed garlic cloves, black pepper, chili powder, chipotle chili powder, onion and garlic powder, cumin, coriander, red pepper flake, jalepenos, green chilies, chipotle chilies, and cilantro.
Stir while cooking until mixture has browned a bit more and is fragrant.
Add 2 cans of beer (Miller Light) and stir scraping anything off the bottom of the pot.
Add tomato sauce and beef broth, cook on low for a couple hours or in a crock pot for up to 8-10 hours. (The longer it simmers, the better it will be up to 10 hours!)
Add tomato paste to desired thickness 1 hour before serving. Salt to taste. Use bacon crumbles as garnish with cheddar cheese and sour cream.

Submitter: 
bentgrimes
Description: 
My favorite chili, hand's down. Maybe that is arrogant to say but I have been perfecting it for years and this recipe just tastes amazing. Warning, this is not a bland recipe, this is not your grandma's chili, if you don't want a bit of a kick and some flare in your bowl, skip this!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30-40 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
