URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62612310/southwestern-egg-rolls/
Title:
Southwestern Egg Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1lb ground turkey
1 bunch minced green onion
2 large red bell pepper
1 15.5 oz can corn kernels
1 15.5 black beans, rinsed and drained
2 10 oz packages frozen chopped spinach, thawed and drained
2 diced jalapeno peppers
2 tablespoon minced fresh parsley
3 tablespoon ground cumin
3 tablespoon chili powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper
3/4 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese
20 (8 inch) flour tortillas
1 quart oil for deep frying, optional

Directions:
In a wok add 2 tablespoon vegetable oil heat until medium high and add ground turkey approximately 5 minutes until meat is no longer pink, drain.Stir in green onion and red pepper. Cook and stir 5 minutes, until tender.
Mix in corn, black beans, spinach, jalapeno peppers, parsley, cumin, chili powder, salt and cayenne pepper. Cook and stir 5 minutes, until well blended and tender. Remove from heat and stir in Monterey Jack cheese so that it melts.
Wrap tortillas with a clean, lightly moist cloth. Microwave on high approximately 1 minute, or until hot and pliable.
Spoon 1/4 cup of the mixture into each tortilla. Fold ends of tortillas, then roll tightly around mixture. Secure with toothpicks. Arrange in a medium dish, cover with plastic, and place in the freezer. Freeze at least 4 hours.
In a large, deep skillet, heat oil for deep frying to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Deep fry frozen, stuffed tortillas 10 minutes each, or until dark golden brown. Drain on paper towels before serving.

Submitter: 
The Green Goddess
Description: 
An assortment of traditional Southwestern-style ingredients are wrapped inside flour tortillas and deep fried.Modified from: Southwestern Egg Rolls
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
4 h 32 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
