URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62613840/cheesy-potato-broccoli-and-keilbasa-soup/
Title:
Cheesy Potato, Broccoli and Keilbasa Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/567993.jpg
Ingredients:
2 Tbsp. Extra virgin Olive oil
1 c. grated onion
1 very large baking potato, peeled and diced
2 c. carrots, diced
1 kielbasa sausage, diced
1 lb. Velveeta cheese,cut into small pieces
32 oz. box of cheddar cheese soup
1 c. milk
salt and pepper to taste
A couple shakes of 'Slap ya' Mama' seasoning or Tabasco if 'Slap ya' Mama' isn't available.
2 c. frozen or fresh broccoli florets.

Directions:
In a large skillet over low heat add your Olive oil.
Grate a yellow onion directly over the skillet (about 1 cups worth)Doing it this way means you get all the onion's juices, for added flavor.
Add in your diced potatoes and carrots.
Saute just until your veggies start to soften. Approx. 10 min.
Add in the diced kielbasa and give it a stir.
Continue sauteing over low heat until the kielbasa is heated through. Approx. 5 minutes
Meanwhile as your veggies are sauteing away....
In a stock pot over medium heat add the Velveeta cheese,the boxed cheese soup and milk. Stir frequently.
Add the contents from your skillet to your stock pot (I use a slotted spoon to scoop my veggies out so some of the meat grease stays behind).
Add in frozen or fresh broccoli.
Add salt and pepper to taste and your hot sauce of choice.
Stir and cover with a lid.
Continue cooking over a low to medium heat
until it just starts to bubble, stirring often.
Remove pot from heat and puree the soup with an immersion hand blender or leave it chunky style!

Submitter: 
1gdcowgrl gone
Description: 
After searching high and low for a cheesy soup recipe that I probably wasn't gonna follow exactly anyways, I came up with my version.Modified from: Potato, Broccoli and Cheese Soup
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min.
Ready in:
1 hr.
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
