URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62616429/salsa-verde-enchiladas/
Title:
Salsa Verde Enchiladas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2  rotisserie chickens
2 jar(s) (16- to 17.6-ounce) mild salsa verde
6  green onions, thinly sliced
1/4 cup(s) fresh lime juice
1/2 cup(s) (loosely packed) fresh cilantro leaves, chopped
16  (6-inch) corn tortillas
1 container(s) (8-ounce) reduced-fat sour cream
1/2 cup(s) reduced-sodium chicken broth
1 package(s) (8-ounce) reduced-fat (2%) shredded Mexican cheese blend

Directions:
1. Remove meat from chickens and coarsely shred; place in medium bowl (you will need 5 1/2 cups; reserve any extra for use another day). Discard skin and bones. Stir 1/2 cup salsa verde into chicken to evenly coat.
2. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease two 13" by 9" glass or ceramic baking dishes; set aside. In 12-inch skillet, heat remaining salsa verde, green onions, and lime juice to boiling on medium-high. Boil 2 minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir in 2 tablespoons cilantro; keep warm over very low heat.
3. With tongs, place 1 tortilla in salsa verde mixture; heat 10 seconds. Place tortilla on waxed paper; top with about 1/3 cup shredded-chicken mixture. Roll up tortilla and place, seam side down, in prepared baking dish. Repeat with remaining tortillas and chicken mixture, arranging 8 tortillas in each dish.
4. Stir sour cream and broth into remaining salsa verde mixture in skillet; spoon over filled tortillas. Cover one baking dish with foil and bake 15 minutes. Remove foil; sprinkle with 1 cup cheese and 1 tablespoon cilantro. Bake 5 minutes longer or until cheese melts. Meanwhile, sprinkle remaining cheese and cilantro over second casserole and prepare for freezing (see Thawing and Reheating Tips).

Submitter: 
Ladytia86
Description: 
From Good Housekeeping ~ Triple-tested at the Good Housekeeping Research Institute. With our freeze-now, serve-later dishes, you can give your family a comfy meal on even the busiest weeknight. And this South-of-the-Border dish couldn't be easier to prepare!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
50
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
