URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62620182/crown-roast-of-pork/
Title:
Crown Roast of Pork Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/573282.jpg
Ingredients:
1 crown roast of pork (12 chops)
vegetable oil
1 bouillon cube
1 large onion
2 stalks celery
3 medium carrots
6 canned pineapple slices
2 Tablespoons corn oil
1/2 cup cooked rice
1 1/2 Tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
1 teaspoon dried savory
1 - 2 teaspoons paprika
1/2 cup white raisins
salt to taste
freshly ground black pepper
lemon juice
6 canned pineapple slices
watercress

Directions:
Prepare the stuffing first.  Peel and finely chop the onion, celery, and carrots.  Finely chop 6 pineapple slices and reserve the liquid.  Heat the corn oil in a pan over moderate heat and sauté the onion and celery until just turning color.  Add the rice, carrots, and parsley, together with the savory, paprika, pineapple, and white raisins.  Mix all the ingredients thoroughly and heat through.  Season to taste with salt, pepper, and lemon juice.  Set the stuffing aside to cool.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees.  Stand the crown of pork in a greased roasting pan and rub the meat thoroughly with oil.  Spoon the stuffing into the center of the crown and cover it with a piece of foil.  Wrap foil around each chop bone to prevent it from charring.
Roast the crown in the center of the oven for 2 1/4 hours, or until amber-colored juice runs out when a skewer is inserted in the meat.
Lift out the crown and keep it warm on a serving dish in the oven.
Sauté the pineapple slices used for garnishing in the hot fat in the roasting pan for about 4 minutes or until golden brown on both sides.  Slit one side of each pineapple slice and arrange in a curling twist around the crown of pork.
Carefully pour off the fat from the roasting pan and add the pineapple liquid to the residue in the pan.  Crumble the bouillon cube into the juices and bring the liquid to the boiling point.  Cook over high heat until the liquid is brown and has reduced slightly.  Pour into a warm sauceboat or small bowl.
Remove the foil from the tips of the chops and replace with paper frills.  Garnish with small sprigs of watercress between the pineapple twists.

Submitter: 
Lucky Noodles
Description: 
Impress everyone with this tasty dish that is also easy to prepare.  Don't forget to order your roast from the butcher a few days before your next party.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
3 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
