URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62629283/christmas-stollen/
Title:
Christmas Stollen Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Stollen:
3 large eggs
1/2 cup butter, softened
3/4 cup milk
1 tsp almond extract
1 tsp vanilla
1 tsp lemon zest
1 tbsp lemon juice
1 tsp pumpkin pie spice
1 tbsp cardamom
1 tsp salt
1/2 cup sugar
3 cups flour
1 tbsp vital gluten
1 tbsp yeast
Fruit Mixture:
1 cup slivered almonds
1 cup raisins
1/2 cup candied citron
1 tbsp orange juice
1 tbsp brandy
Glaze:
1 1/2 cups icing sugar
1/4 cup milk

Directions:
In a small bowl combine the slivered almonds, raisins, citron, orange juice and brandy, stir to combine, set aside, the fruit will be added at the end.
In the bread machine pan add eggs, butter, water, milk, almond extract, vanilla, lemon zest, lemon juice, pumpkin pie spice, cardamom, salt and sugar.
Add flour, vital gluten and yeast.
Start the dough cycle.
Once the paddles start mixing check the dough, if too dry add more milk, if too wet add more flour.
When the dough cycle is complete remove the dough to a lightly floured surface, add the fruit mixture, knead the dough until the fruit is incorporated into the dough.
Cut the dough in half, punch down the dough and roll out into an oval, fold the dough over into thirds, pinch to seal, repeat with the second piece of dough, place the Stollen on cookie sheets, cover and let rise in a warm draft free spot for 1 hour.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees, bake for 35 to 40 minutes, cover lightly with foil after 20 minutes to prevent overbrowning.
Allow to cool for 10 minutes on the cookie sheet then transfer to a wire rack to finish cooling.
Glaze:
Combine icing sugar and milk in a small bowl, stir to combine, brush over cooled breads, let dry before slicing.

Submitter: 
the4taals
Description: 
A German Christmas bread that is started in the bread machine and finished in the oven.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
