URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62625959/bakonyi-sertesborda-for-daniel-my-version/
Title:
Bakonyi Sertesborda for Daniel, My Version Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6- 1/2 inch Center cut pork loin chops, rib end is best.
Salt and pepper
Flour for dredging
2 cups Brown mushroom caps
4 rashers Double smoked bacon
1 onion, medium dice
1 TBSP Paprika*
2 cups Chicken stock, or more if needed
1 Bell pepper, medium dice
3 Roma tomatoes quartered seeds removed
1/4 cup Minced parsley
3/4 cup Sour cream, full fat

Directions:
Tenderise Pork chops with a meat mallet until about 1/4 to 1/3 inch thick.
Season with salt and pepper and dredge with flour, shaking off the excess.
Heat a skillet over medium heat and add 2 TBSP oil
Fry 2 chops at a time until golden brown on both sides, about 3 minutes a side, set aside until all are done, adding more oil as required.
Meanwhile over medium heat in 2 TBSP oil saute mushroom caps until golden on both sides, set aside.
In a clean pan add bacon pieces and saute for 4 minutes, add onions and saute until translucent.
Add bell peppers, mushroom caps and paprika and stir to combine.
Arrange pork chops in pan to fit.
Add chicken stock to just barely cover chops.
Add tomato wedges over and top with parsley
Cover with tight fitting lid or tinfoil
Reduce heat to medium low and simmer.
After 30 minutes check chops for tenderness, when chops are fork tender remove from sauce and place on warm serving platter.
Turn heat up to medium and add 1/2 sour cream, reduce until sauce thickens to coat back of spoon.
Taste for seasoning, and carefully pour over chops.
Top with remaining sour cream.
Original recipe said to serve with rice or dumplings, I served with Gnocchi which worked very well.*

Submitter: 
laughingmagpie
Description: 
Our Hungarian exchange student gifted me with a cook book and I adapted this recipe to resemble recipes I was used to and to reflect ingredients available here. The original dish is from the hill region of Transdanubia, where there are many types of mushrooms.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
