URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62620840/cookus-interruptus-thai-coconut-chicken-soup/
Title:
Cookus Interruptus: Thai Coconut Chicken Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 onion, thinly sliced into half moons
2-3 cloves garlic, minced
1 teaspoon sea salt
2 tablespoons grated gingerroot
½ teaspoon crushed red pepper
1 teaspoon ground coriander
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 6-8” stalk lemon grass
½ pound boneless, skinless chicken breasts
1 14-ounce can coconut milk
2-3 cups water
3-4 tablespoons fish sauce
1 large baby bok choy, sliced thin
1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro

Directions:
Heat oil in a small soup pot over medium heat.   Stir in onion, garlic and salt and sauté until onion is translucent.  Add ginger, red pepper, coriander and cumin and cook until fragrant, 2 minutes.
Bisect the lemon grass stalk lengthwise.  You will see a small core at the bottom.  Cut out the core and chop ½” or so of the stalk where it is tender.  To WATCH how to cut lemon grass, click here.  Add the chopped lemon grass to the other spices and reserve the rest of the stalk.
Tenderize chicken breast with a meat pounder on both sides and then cut it diagonally into thin strips.  Add chicken to onion and spices and cook, stirring, until chicken is white on the outside.
Stir in coconut milk, water, fish sauce and the lemongrass stalk and simmer until chicken is thoroughly cooked and flavors are well blended, about 10 minutes.  Add bok choy and cilantro and simmer another 5 minutes.  Remove stalk before serving.

Submitter: 
squawk93
Description: 
Otherwise known as Tom Ka Gai, this traditional Thai soup uses coconut milk, lemon grass and fish sauce to form a flavorful base.  For a vegetarian version omit chicken and fish sauce (you will need to add additional salt to compensate for this) and add raw or fried tofu cubes with the bok choy and cilantro.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
