URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62622676/sausage-and-mushroom-stuffed-boneless-turkey-breast/
Title:
Sausage and Mushroom Stuffed Boneless Turkey Breast Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Extra-virgin olive oil
2 large onion, cut into 1/2-inch dice
Kosher salt
2 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped
1 pound shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and julienned
1/2 bunch sage, leaves finely chopped
1 pound bulk Italian sausage, crumbled
1 turkey breast, removed from the bone, about 4 pounds
2 cups bread crumbs
1/2 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano
2 eggs
1/2 cup water
1 1/2 pounds caul fat
1 1/2 pounds sliced bacon
2 carrots, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch dice
2 ribs celery, cut into 1/2-inch dice
4 cups chicken stock
1 cup dry white wine
Thyme bundle
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour

Directions:
Coat a large saute pan, over medium-high heat, with olive oil, add in half of the diced onion, season with salt, to taste. Cook the onions, stirring occasionally, until they are soft and very aromatic, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes. Toss in the mushrooms and sage, season with salt, to taste. Cook until they are soft and wilted, about 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in the sausage and use a large kitchen spoon to chop up the sausage. Cook until the sausage is brown and a little crispy, about 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer the sausage mixture to a large mixing bowl and let cool.
While the sausage mixture is cooling, cut the turkey breast into 2 separate halves and remove skin. Butterfly each half to make a wide, flat surface. Cover each half with plastic wrap and with a meat mallet, gently pound each breast half, to flatten.
To the mixing bowl with sausage mixture, add the bread crumbs, grated cheese, the eggs and 1/2 a cup of water. Mix together until it becomes a homogeneous mixture. Taste and season with salt if needed.
Lay a large piece of caul fat out on a large, flat work surface. Lay about 10 bacon slices in the middle, slightly overlapping. Arrange a turkey breast on top. Lay half the stuffing mix on the turkey and roll it up, creating a neat even log. Wrap 2 pieces of bacon around each end, then fold the bacon that's underneath around the turkey. Wrap the caul fat in an even layer to create a smooth even log. Tie with twine to secure. Repeat with second turkey breast.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.
See Footnotes to continue directions.....

Submitter: 
Ret_Vets
Description: 
you can get the caul fat at a local butcher shop.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
1hr 50 min
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
