URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62621340/scottish-sherry-trifle-aka-tipsy-laird/
Title:
Scottish Sherry Trifle AKA "Tipsy Laird" Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 Victoria Sponge Cake - cut into slices
¾ lb (12oz) Raspberry Jam
1 wine glass Sherry
2 tbsp Drambuie (or Brandy) - to taste
Egg Custard
¾ lb (12oz) Raspberries
½ pint (300ml) Double Cream
1 tbsp Caster Sugar
Toasted Almonds
Optional - 2 Bananas - sliced
Egg Custard
8 fl oz (250mls) milk
5 fl oz (150mls) double cream
2 egg yolks
1 oz (50gm) caster sugar
Several drops of vanilla essence

Directions:
Put the sponge into the bottom of a large glass bowl. Spread the raspberry jam over the sponges.
Mix the sherry and other alcohol into a glass and then sprinkle the liquid over the sponge base.
Once the liquid has soaked into the sponge then add a layer of raspberries and the bananas.
To make the Egg Custard
Make the custard by whisking the egg yolks, the sugar and the vanilla essence until it becomes pale and creamy.
Add the cream and milk from the custard ingredients to a saucepan and heat the mixture until it reaches boiling point. Stir this into the custard mixture.
Put this mixture into a new saucepan and stir continuously over a low heat. The mixture should now start to thicken. Once thick pour into a separate bowl and set aside to cool.
Once cooled pour the mixture into the original bowl, over the layered fruit and sponge. Spread out evenly. Whip the double cream then add the sugar and spoon this mixture onto the top of the bowl, above the custard. Decorate with the toasted almonds.

Submitter: 
Hasta Luego
Description: 
Not mine but a traditional recipe again from the mists of time. A real delight for trifle lovers everywhere. The alcohol amounts, no doubt, can be subject to change, especially up, if the nickname is appropriate.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
