URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62627204/roasted-poblano-and-chicken-taquitos/
Title:
Roasted Poblano and Chicken Taquitos Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 lbs Bonless Chicken Breasts
1 Chicken Bouillon Cube
1/2 Teaspoon Seasoned Salt
1/2 Teaspoon Ground Black Pepper
1/2 Teaspoon Cumin
1/2 Teaspoon Mexican Oregano
1/4 Teaspoon Habanero Powder
1 Poblano Chile
1-2 Roma Tomatoes, diced
1/2 White Onion, diced
24 Mexican flour tortillas
1 cup oil for frying

Directions:
Place chicken into stock pot with enough water to cover the chicken.  Add chicken cube and bring to boil.  Reduce heat to simmer and cook until chicken is done, about 30 minutes.
While chicken is cooking place poblano pepper under broiler, turning until all sides are black and bubbly.  Remove pepper and place into paper bag for 15 minutes.  Remove chile and peel charred skin off, remove the stem and seeds and discard.  Dice chile and set aside.
Remove Chicken from pan and reserve 1/2 cup chicken stock.  Shred chicken with two forks and place back into pan with 1/2 cup chicken stock.
Add tomatoes, onion,chiles, mexican oregano, cumin, hababnero powder, salt and pepper to pot with chicken.  Bring to a light simmer and mix together ingredients.  Remove from heat and set aside.
Place oil into skillet, and turn on to meduim heat.
Place half of the tortillas into a plastic bag and cook them in the microwave for about 45-60 seconds, until soft and your able to work with them. Place about 1-2 tablespoons of meat mixture into the center of the tortillas and roll.  Place the taquitos into the hot oil.  Fry about 5 minutes on each side or until golden brown.  Remove from pan and set onto a paper towel to drain excess oil.  Repeat steps until all taquitos are done.
Serve with your favorite toppings.

Submitter: 
Sherbear1
Description: 
A quick snack or meal.  Works great if you have a roasted chicken, you can just remove and shred the chicken from the bones and use it in the recipe.  Top with ranchero salsa, lettuce and sour cream.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
