URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62626158/chocolate-peanut-butter-cup-cream-pie/
Title:
Chocolate Peanut Butter Cup Cream Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 - 9 inch chocolate cookie pie crust (either pre-made or make you own from scratch)
8 ounce cream cheese, softened
1/2 cup creamy peanut butter (may use crunchy instead)
1 cup powdered sugar
16 ounces Cool Whip, thawed
13 ounce package Reese's peanut butter miniature cups candy
4 ounce package chocolate fudge instant pudding mix
1 cup cold milk
1/2 cup powdered sugar
8 ounce Cool Whip, thawed
Grated or shaved milk chocolate, optional for garnish

Directions:
Unwrap the candy cups. Reserve 4 of the candy cups and set aside. Cut each of the rest of the cups each into 4 pieces; set aside. In mixing bowl beat the cream cheese and peanut butter on high until creamy. Add the 1 cup powdered sugar and continue to beat on high for 3 more minutes. Fold in 8 ounces Cool Whip. Dividing this filling evenly, spoon into the 2 pie crusts, spreading evenly. Evenly scatter the cut candy cups over the two filled pie crusts. In a bowl combine the dry pudding mix and 1/2 cup powdered sugar. In a separate mixing bowl (may use the one that had the cream cheese mixture in) pour 1 cup milk. Using hand held whisk gradually whisk in the instant pudding mixture (the mixture will be very thick). Gradually fold in 8 ounces Cool Whip. Divide pudding mixture evenly between the two pies and spread over the candy cups to cover. Spoon and spread 4 ounces Cool whip over each pie or may use pastry bag with large star decorating tip to pipe Cool Whip over pies to cover. Make a few large rosettes on top of pies using Cool Whip. Slice each of the reserved 4 candy cups in half and place one half in center of each rosette. If desired sprinkle each pie with grated/shaved chocolate. Chill at least 6 hours before serving.

Submitter: 
FunwithFood
Description: 
The name says it all! If you like Reese's Peanut Butter cups then this pie is just for you! A small slice will definitely satisfy! This recipe makes two pies.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
6 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
