URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62627095/healthy-crock-pot-lasagna/
Title:
Healthy Crock Pot Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/996772.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound ground turkey
1/2 lb turkey Italian sausage links
1 onion, chopped
2 teaspoons minced garlic
1 (29 ounce) can tomato sauce
1 (6 ounce) can tomato paste
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon dried oregano (1 Tbsn. fresh)
1 teaspoon dried rosemary
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 zucchini grated and drained
1 10 oz. package of chopped spinach thawed and drained
1 (12 ounce) package whole wheat lasagna noodles
16 ounces cottage cheese
1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese
16 ounces shredded low-fat mozzarella cheese

Directions:
In a large skillet over medium heat cook the ground turkey and sausage (with casing removed), onion, and garlic until brown. Add the tomato sauce, tomato paste, salt, and oregano and stir until well incorporated. Cook until heated through but don't overcook or the meat will be dry.
Grate zucchini into a colander and let drain, then squeeze out moisture, separate and place on a paper towel. Squeeze out any excess moisture from spinach and set aside.
In a large bowl mix together the cottage cheese and shredded mozzarella cheese.
Spoon a layer of the meat mixture onto the bottom of the slow cooker. Add a double layer of the uncooked lasagna noodles. Break to fit noodles into slow cooker. Top noodles with half of the cheese mixture. Repeat the layering of sauce, noodles, and cheese. Add the zucchini layer and spinach layer and sprinkle with a dash of salt. Finish with the last of the meat sauce then cover the whole dish with the parmesan cheese.
Cover, and cook on LOW setting  for 4 to 6 hours.
When the lasagna is done, turn off the slow cooker, leave the lid on and let set for 5 minutes.

Submitter: 
Dylan's Nana
Description: 
Start with a skillet and finish with a slow cooker. A saute of onion, garlic and ground turkey is simmered with tomato and oregano, then layered in a slow cooker with raw lasagna noodles, zucchini, spinach and a creamy blend of cottage cheese, Parmesan and mozzarella. Turkey meat, lowfat cottage cheese and whole wheat lasagna noodles make this a healthier version than traditional lasagna! Using a slow cooker means you don't have to hassle with cooking the noodles ahead of time.... set it and forget it !Modified from: Healthy Slow Cooker Lasagna
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
4 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
