URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62622993/lemon-curd-tart-with-nut-crust/
Title:
Lemon Curd Tart with Nut Crust Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
CRUST:
1 cup finely ground Walnut Pieces
2 tablespoons sugar
2 tablespoons matzo meal
3 tablespoons butter or margarine, melted
CURD:
6 eggs
1 1/2 cup sugar - I use palm sugar
1 cup fresh lemon juice
1/4 cup butter or margarine, melted
1/4 cup applesauce
2 tablespoon grated lemon peel
2-3 tablespoons corn starch
RASPERRY SAUCE:
1 (10 ounce) package frozen raspberries
1 tablespoon raspberry juice (from frozen berries)
1 tablespoon rum
1 1/2 teaspoons cornstarch
1 tablespoon orange zest
TOPPING:
coconut
fresh raspberries

Directions:
CRUST: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Combine walnuts, 2 Tbsp. sugar, the matzo meal and butter until well blended. Press firmly onto bottom and up side of 9-inch tart pan. Bake 15 min. or until lightly browned. Cool completely.
CURD: In the top of a double boiler, beat eggs and sugar. Stir in lemon juice, butter and lemon peel. Cook over simmering water for 15 minutes or until thickened. Pour into prepared Crust and refrigerate until firm.
RASPBERRY SAUCE: In a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, cook raspberries and rum for 5 to 8 minutes; add sugar to taste and turn down to medium. Put in blender and then strain it through cheesecloth or very fine sieve. In a small bowl, combine juice and cornstarch to make a paste; add to raspberries stirring constantly until thickened. Add rind and cool. Drizzle the sauce over the tart.
Sprinkle with coconut.
Arrange fresh raspberries on top for a pretty presentation.

Submitter: 
Rebekah Richards
Description: 
Customized this recipe for my Mom's birthday. She loves lemons. Doubled it so I'd have lots of filling for the tart and added a raspberry sauce.Modified from: Lemon Curd
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
13
Nutritional Facts:
NA
