URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62620071/my-version-of-chantals-new-york-cheesecake/
Title:
My Version of Chantal's New York Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Crust:
1 cup graham cracker crumbs
1/4 cup melted butter
1 tsp vanilla or almond extract (or flavoring of your choice, I use almond if doing chocolate, vanilla if doing graham cracker).
Filling:
4 blocks cream cheese, softened
1 1/2 cups white sugar
3/4 cup milk
4 eggs
1 cup sour cream
1 TBSP vanilla extract (or I like to use Grand Marinier)
3 TBSP all purpose flour

Directions:
Place lower oven rack 3-4 inches below upper rack.
Place bottom part of a broiler pan (or similar shallow baking dish) on bottom rack.  Fill with boiling water.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees
Grease the bottom and sides of a 9-inch springform pan with butter.
In medium bowl thoroughly combine crust ingredients. Press into the bottom and over the seam of the springform pan.
In another bowl, cream the cream cheese and sugar until smooth.
Using a spoon or whisk, gently blend in the milk, then the eggs one at a time, just enough to incorporate (AND NO MORE THAN THAT).
Gently stir in the sour cream and vanilla extract.
Sift the flour into the bowl and stir gently to incorporate.
Pour into prepared springform pan.
Place pan on upper rack above boiling water, and bake for 1 hour.
DO NOT OPEN OVEN DOOR!
Turn oven off and allow cake to sit in oven for 4-6 hours WITHOUT OPENING OVEN DOOR. This will finish the baking and allow for a slow cool down to prevent cracking.
Remove from oven, cover with two layers of plastic wrap and then a layer of aluminum foil.
Chill in refrigerator at least 8 hours before serving... and for goodness' sake do not dump pie filling on this one, it doesn't need it.

Submitter: 
khrys
Description: 
This cake is easy to make, and it's so delicious. Everyone that's tried it has said it tasted just like the ones in a deli! You'll love it!Modified from: Chantal's New York Cheesecake
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
7 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
