URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62623032/balsamic-chicken-with-white-beans-and-wilted-spinach/
Title:
Balsamic Chicken with White Beans and Wilted Spinach Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Marinade
2	tablespoons balsamic vinegar
4	tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
1	tablespoon grill seasoning such as Montreal Steak Seasoning, or garlic powder, onion powder, salt and pepper. To equal about 1 tablespoon
4	boneless, skinless chicken breasts
2 	medium onions, thinly sliced
4	large garlic cloves, chopped
1	teaspoon dried thyme,
¼	teaspoon red pepper flakes
Salt and black pepper
1	bay leaf
1/3	to ¾ cup white wine
1	cup chicken stock
1	14 ounce can cannellini beans, drained
1	12 ounce sack baby spinach, chop it a bit.
½	cup fresh flat leaf parsley
Juice of 1 lemon. Optional

Directions:
1.	In a shallow dish, combine the balsamic vinegar, about 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, and the grill seasoning.  Coat the chicken breasts in the mixture and set aside to marinate while you start the white beans and spinach.
2.	Heat a large skillet over medium high heat with the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil;  Add the onions, garlic, thyme, red pepper flakes, salt, pepper and bay leaf.  Cook, stirring frequently, until the onions are a little brown, 3-4 minutes.  Add the white wine and chicken stock, bring up to a sbuble, and cook for 5 minutes.
3.	Heat another large skillet over medium high heat.  When it is hot, add the chicken breasts and cook for 5 to 6 minutes on each side.  Remove the chicken to plate, cover loosely with foil, and let rest a few minutes.
4.	Add the cannellini beans to the skillet with the onions and stir to combine.  Cook for about 2 minutes or until the beans are heated through.  Turn off the heat and discard the bay leaf.  Stir in the spinach, parsley, and lemon juice.  Toss and stir until the spinach wilts.
5.	To serve, place a portion of the white beans and spinach on each serving plate.  Slice each chicken breast and arrange over the beans and spinach.

Submitter: 
Semigourmet
Description: 
this dish is easy, full of flavor and very tasty.  with marinated chicken, white beans and spinach topped with cheese and served with a crusty bread!  MMMMMMMM
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
