URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62632377/sriracha-pulled-pork/
Title:
Sriracha Pulled Pork Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
spice rub
6 tablespoons light brown sugar
1 tablespoon garlic powder
1 tablespoon kosher salt
2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper
2 teaspoons ground cumin
2 teaspoons smoked paprika
brine
1/4 cup kosher salt 4 cups cold water
1/4 cup frmly packed light brown sugar
1 medium red onion, sliced
3 cloves garlic, minced
3 bay leaves
6- to 8-pound bone-in pork shoulder (Boston butt) roast
3 tablespoons yellow mustard
1/3 cup Sriracha
1/2 cup cold water

Directions:
To make the spice rub, in a small bowl, mix together the brown sugar, garlic powder, salt,pepper, cumin, and paprika. Reserve.
To make the brine, in a small bowl, dissolve the salt in the cold water. Add 2 tablespoons of the spice rub, the brown sugar, onion, garlic,and bay leaves, stirring to combine.
Put the meat in a large bowl or ziplock bag and pour the brine over, making sure that the meat is completely submerged in liquid. Cover and refrigerate overnight.
The following morning, drain the brine,reserving the pork and onion. Pat the roast dry with paper towels.
In a small bowl, mix together the mustard and Sriracha. Using your hands, rub an even coating of the mustard mixture all over the pork. Sprinkle the remaining spice rub evenly over the entire roast, pressing it into the meat, making sure it adheres.
Put the reserved onion in a crock pot. Pour in the cold water. Place the pork on top of the bed of onions, with the fattier side of the roast facing up. Cover and cook on low for 12 hours.
At this point, the meat should simply flake away with the slightest touch.
Remove the roast from the crock pot, and let rest for 45 to 60 minutes. This will allow the meat to cool slightly, which will in turn make it easier to shred. Pull the meat apart using two forks, discarding extra at and other less-than-palatable bites.Serve hot.

Submitter: 
Gregg Hollander
Description: 
From Scribd:
The Sriracha Cookbook
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
12 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
