URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62634271/whole-wheat-multigrain-no-knead-bread/
Title:
Whole Wheat Multigrain No-Knead Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/580561.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups whole wheat flour
½ cup rye flour
½ cup white flour
¼ cup mixed seeds and grains (Red River cereal, quinoa, cracked rye, poppy seeds, sunflower seeds, flax, etc.)
¼ cup wheat bran
1 ½ tablespoons vital wheat gluten
2 teaspoons salt
½ teaspoon active dry yeast
2 Tablespoons honey
¼ cup hot water + enough cool water to make 2 cups
extra flour or bran for dusting

Directions:
Put all flours, wheat gluten, bran, seeds, salt, and yeast in a bowl and mix well.
Dissolve the honey in ¼ cup of hot water, then add enough cool water to make two cups.
Add the 2 cups of honey and water to the dry ingredients, and mix vigorously to form a thick dough; be sure that all the dry ingredients are moistened.  Cover and let rise 18 hours.
Dust a cutting board or counter  with plenty of wheat bran or  whole wheat flour and turn out the dough with a bowl scraper.  Do your best to shape it into a round ball and place it, seam-side down, on a clean towel (not terry-towelling!) sprinkled with flour, bran, corn meal, etc.  Sprinkle the loaf with more flour or bran.  Fold the towel corners over the loaf and let proof two hours.
Thirty minutes before the end of the second rise, preheat your oven and your oven-proof covered pot (see important footnote) to 475 degrees.  After the thirty minutes of pre-heating, flip the dough carefully into the hot pot and shake to help the dough settle.  Cover and bake 30 minutes.  Then, lower the oven temperature to 450 degrees, remove lid, and bake for a remaining  20 to 25 minutes.
If you can, let the loaf cool for at least two hours before slicing.

Submitter: 
J-9
Description: 
This bread is simply out of this world-- or at least out of this continent.  It tastes like European country bread-- or so I've been told by two European colleagues.  It has a crisp, crackly crust and an incredible crumb, thanks to the long fermentation time.  And to top it all off, you don't need to knead!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.33333349227905
Prep time: 
20 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
