URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62638659/krafts-stove-top-stuffing-mix-clone/
Title:
Kraft's Stove-Top Stuffing Mix Clone Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/3 cup minced fresh celery
4 slices white bread (up to 5)
3 slices whole wheat bread (up to 4)
3 chicken bouillon cubes, crushed
2 teaspoons chopped dried onions
1 1/2 teaspoons dried parsley
1/8 teaspoon sugar
1/8 teaspoon onion powder
TO MAKE STUFFING
1 2/3 cups water
1/4 cup margarine

Directions:
Arrange the celery pieces on a plate and set the plate in a warm place -- a sunny window is best -- for 24 hours or until the celery is thoroughly dry. This is the best way to dry the tiny pieces of celery for the instant stuffing mix. You must be sure to remove all moisture from the celery. You should end up with 2 teaspoons of dried celery for every 1/3 cup of freshly minced.
Prepare bread crumbs by stacking the bread slices on top of each other and squishing them down flat with the palms of your hands. This will create denser bread crumbs that will not become soggy and pasty when cooking. Use a sharp knife to dice the bread into little pieces. You should have about 2 1/2 cups of white bread and 1 1/2 cups of wheat for a total of around 4 cups of bread.
Preheat oven to 250 degrees. Spread the bread crumbs on a cookie sheet. Bake for 30 to 40 minutes or until bread is completely dry. You should now have around 2 2/3 cups of dry bread crumbs.
To make the vegetable/seasoning mix, combine the dried celery with chicken bouillon powder, onions, parsley, sugar, and onion powder in a small bowl. You now have a stuffing kit that can be sealed up and stored in a dry place until you are ready to use it.
To make the stuffing, mix the vegetable/seasoning mix with 1 2/3 cups water in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Bring the mixture to a boil, then reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer for 10 minutes. Stir in the bread crumbs, cover, and remove from heat. Let stuffing stand 5 to 7 minutes. Fluff it with a fork before serving.

Submitter: 
hobbyzu
Description: 
I finally made this for thanksgiving this year (2006) and it was amazing! I am so happy to have this since stove top isn't sold here in Scotland. I used as much onion as I did celery, and used chicken broth instead of water. Even better than the original! This recipe clones the common 6-ounce box of Stove Top stuffing mix you find in any grocery store.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
24 hrs.
Ready in:
24 hrs. 17 mins.
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
