URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62635797/tamarind-tofu-with-veg-and-soba/
Title:
Tamarind Tofu with Veg and Soba Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Block of firm or very firm tofu
3 TBS peanut oil divided
4 cups thinly sliced veg of your choice (red bell/diagonally sliced green onion/cucumber (if served cold)/ grated or slivered carrots)
1/4 cup unhulled sesame seeds (Indan or Asian market)
1/4 cup dry roasted peanuts
1/2 cup or more tamarind pulp (about 1 cake seedless tamarind or 1 pound tamarind pods before shelling and preparation)
juice of one orange
1 TBS grated Ginger
2 TBS rice vinegar
! TBS sugar
4 cloves crushed garlic
red pepper flakes to taste
2 TBS soy sauce
5 oz light soba noodles
5 oz dark soba noodles

Directions:
REHYDRATE tamarind cake by pouring boiling water over cake (just enough to cover) and forcing pulp though sieve with back of spoon after pulp softens...overnight)  Save pulp and discard seeds.  Or shell and string tamarind pods (asian market), cover pulp/seed with boiling water (just enough to cover) and force pulp through sieve with a spoon after pods soften...about 60 minutes.   Save pulp that passes through sieve and discard seeds and shells.  Peeling and stringing tamarind pods is great fun!
SLICE tofu in 6 even slices crosswise into rectangles then cut rectangles in half into squares then squares in half into triangles (24 triangles) and press and drain on paper towels or clean dish towel for 30 minutes or more.  Gently toss tofu with peanut oil, bake in 375 degree oven on parchment lined cookie sheet until browned to taste.  (45-60 minutes) SET ASIDE
BRING TO BOIL large pot of water to cook soba later
TOAST sesame and peanuts in hot dry fry pan just until fragrant SET ASIDE in large bowl
SLICE, GRATE, OR SLIVER veg and stir fry (In same pan as sesame peanut) using small amount of oil just until crisp tender SET ASIDE in bowl
In same fry pan SAUTE garlic in oil to soften then add ginger, sesame sauce, rice vinegar, orange juice, red pepper flakes, sugar, and tamarind pulp.  Simmer a few minutes then add sesame/peanuts and tofu triangles stir to coat tofu triangles. Add veg and keep warm.
BOIL soba for 3 minutes then drain.  Place in large bowl and toss with veg/sesame/tofu mix.
GARNISH as desired.  Orange or pineapple slices are pretty on this dish.

Submitter: 
Jocelyn Helling
Description: 
Brightly colored veg with tamarind/ginger/garlic sauce tossed with baked tofu triangles and served over bi-colored soba noodles with sesame/peanut crunch.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
overnight or 1 h
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
