URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62632947/pumpkin-pie-chocolate-cake-wdark-chocolate-mocha-fudge-icing/
Title:
Pumpkin Pie Chocolate Cake w/Dark Chocolate Mocha Fudge Icing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (29 ounce) can canned pumpkin puree
1 (12 fluid ounce) can evaporated milk
3 eggs
1 cup white sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
4 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice
1 (18.25 ounce) package yellow cake mix
3/4 cup butter
Chocolate Cake Mix OR
1 3/4 Cup Flour
2 Cups Sugar
2 Teaspoons Baking Powder
2 Tablespoons Unsweetened Cocoa Baking Powder
Icing:
1 14 oz can sweetened condenced milk
1 Cup really strong coffee
1/4 Cup milk
1/2 Cup white sugar
2 more Tablespoons Unsweetened Baking Cocoa Powder
1 Ghirardelli 100% Cacao Unsweetened Chocolate bar (4 oz.)finely chopped into bits
4 Tablespoons Butter

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350. Lightly grease one 9 x 13 inch pan (preferably metal).
If you did not use pre-made cake mix, mix the 1 3/4 C of flour, 2 C of sugar, 2 T of cocoa powder, & 2 t of baking powder together evenly and set aside. This is now your chocolate cake mix.
In another large bowl, combine pumpkin, evaporated milk, eggs, sugar, salt, and pumpkin pie spice. Mix well. Pour batter into the prepared pan.
Sprinkle the dry cake mix evenly over the pumpkin mixture. Melt the butter or margarine, and drizzle it over the cake mix.
Bake for 55 to 60 minutes, or until done.
ICING:
In medium sauce pan, bring sweetened condensed milk, half cup of the coffee, butter, sugar, & cocoa powder to a boil - stirring occasionally. Remove from heat and add the rest of the coffee & finely chopped bits of the Ghirardelli 100% Cacao Unsweetened Chocolate bar (4 oz.) Stir as vigorously as possible without splashing out of pan, while it melts into mixture. This did take some feeling out.
This chocolate is kind of hard and doesn't melt perfectly, so what I did was after I stirred & melted as much as possible, I would put it back on the heat and let it boil again, then remove and stir vigorously. I repeated this until chocolate was completely melted other than you could see a chocolate "graininess" to it. You will see it darken and thicken as you do this. Then pour warm icing over the cake. (cake does NOT have to be cooled) This icing cools and thickens with a very smooth and creamy texture. If you stir vigorously enough there is not enough graininess to notice.

Submitter: 
Gingergirl
Description: 
Pumpkin Pie Cake with a Chocolate Spin on it.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
90
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
