URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62637498/cindis-jambalaya-cajun-pot-pie/
Title:
Cindi's Jambalaya Cajun Pot Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/580453.jpg
Ingredients:
1 lb. Polska Kielbasa Sausage
1 lb. boiled and deboned chicken shredded
1 lb. or so peeled and deveined shrimp
1 medium yellow onion diced
3 ribs celery diced
1 lg. green bell pepper diced
4 T.  canola oil
1 T. Black pepper
3 T. creole Cajun seasoning
2 T. Cajun Blackened seasoning
3 t. Cayenne Pepper
1 1/2 cups uncooked rice
2 qt. chicken broth
1/4 cup flour
2 pie crust
1 egg

Directions:
Start with large pot, heat oil and put your cut up sausage, chicken, add 1 T. creole, and blackened seasoning, and brown the meat, remove the meat and keep warm, add to the oil the onion, bell pepper, and celery, sprinkle with another T. of seasonings, heat until softened, drain and remove vegetables, now to make the rue, you want to have enough oil to cover the bottom of the pot and scrape the goodies off the bottom, this should be heated, you will add the 1/4 cup of flour stirring constantly, slowly add small portions of the chicken broth to make smooth gravy, continue stirring constantly until the color is a light brown, could take 15 min. or so. Then you want to slowly add the remaining chicken broth. now add the meat and vegetables, let simmer for 20 min. stir occasionally, it should start to thicken, if it gets too thick you can add a little more broth or water, add rice, and remaining seasonings, let simmer for 15 min. until rice is cooked. At this time you may add the shrimp and simmer 10 more min. Line your pie pan with pie crust, poke holes with fork, and brush with egg wash. place in preheated 375 degrees oven for 3 min. Remove from oven, add Jambalaya filling 1/4 inch from the top of pie plate, add the top layer of crust cut a couple slits for steam to escape, brush the top with egg wash, place back in oven for 12 min., cover edge with foil to keep from burning, bake 5 min. or until golden brown.

Submitter: 
aaron cindi
Description: 
This is a great recipe to warm up a winters day, just an awesome twist to an ordinary chicken pot pie, just enough spice and heat with the flavor of Cajun jambalaya throughout. It will have them coming back for more and more.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 min.
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
