URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62631849/chevys-salsa/
Title:
Chevys Salsa Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 medium tomatoes
10 small jalapenos (red is best)
1/4 medium Spanish onion
2 garlic cloves
2 tablespoons fresh cilantro (chopped)
2 tablespoons white vinegar
2 teaspoons salt
1 1/2 teaspoons liquid smoke (mesquite-flavored)

Directions:
1 Preheat your barbecue grill to high temperature.
2 Remove any stems from the tomatoes, then rub some oil over each tomato. (You may want to cut the tomatoes in half for easier grilling) You can leave the stems on the jalapenos.
3 Place the tomatoes on the grill and cook about 10 minutes.
4 Place the jalapenos onto the grill. (TIP: To adjust the heat, cut in half and scoop out seeds roasting skin side to the flame).
5 Allow Tomatoes and jalapenos to cook an additional 10 minutes and turn.
6 When almost the entire surface of the peppers has charred black you can remove them from the grill.
7 The tomatoes will turn partially black, but when the skin begins to come off they are done.
8 Put the peppers and tomatoes on a plate and let them cool. (TIP: Placing the tomatoes and peppers into a zip top bag or placing a bowl upside down over the them will make the skins easier to peel off later).
9 When the tomatoes and peppers have cooled, remove most of the skin from the tomatoes and place them into a food processor. Pinch the stem end to remove them from each of the peppers and place them into the food processor as well. Toss out the liquid that remains on the plate.
10 Add the remaining ingredients to the food processor and puree on high speed for 5-10 seconds or until the mixture has a smooth consistency.
11 Place the salsa into a covered container and chill for several hours or overnight while the flavors develop.

Submitter: 
Kevin Amy Kayla Ethan
Description: 
A recipe for Chevy's Salsa at home!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
