URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62638998/beer-batter-crepes-with-banana-cream-cheese-filling/
Title:
Beer Batter Crepes with banana cream cheese filling Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/581266.jpg
Ingredients:
BATTER
1 cup flour
1 cup stale dark beer
4 eggs
2 Tablespoons vegetable oil
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
1/4 teaspoon salt
FRUIT
4 bananas
lemon juice
FILLING
8 oz. cream cheese
4 Tablespoons Brown sugar
1 cup whipped topping
CAREMEL SAUCE
Jar of caremel ice cream topping or make using the following:
1 cup sugar
1/2 cup boiling water
3 Tablespoons corn starch
1/2 cup water
3 Tablespoons butter (not margarine)

Directions:
Batter:  Mix flour,beer,eggs,oil,nutmeg and salt into a smooth batter. Set aside to rest while preparing remaining ingredients. To make crepes heat an eight inch crepe pan. use 1/4 cup batter. Makes 8 crepes.
FRUIT:  Slice bananas into 1/2 thick diagonal slices in a bowl, sprinkle with lemon juice.
FILLING:  Cream brown sugar and cream cheese until light and fluffy, blend in whipped topping.
CAREMEL SAUCE:  In a deep sauce pan, heat sugar over medium heat until melted, and brown, stir constantly.  Remove from heat and add boiling water (Caution, will steam and bubble),  Return to burner and stir until smooth and clear.  Add corn starch to 1/2 cup of water.  Blend into sugar suryp.  Cook over low heat, stirring constantly until thick and clear.  Blend in butter.
ASSEMBLE CREPES:  Optional, spread one to two tablespoons caremel over crepe. (Kids love the extra sweet. adults may find it a bit too sweet) Spread 1/8 th of cream cheese mixture on  crepe, top with 1/8 of bananas.Roll, place seam side down on serving platter, repeat with remaining crepes.  Drizzle caremel over crepes, Server with additional whipped topping and a dash of nutmeg.

Submitter: 
Ronn Brown
Description: 
Easy Sunday brunch.  Kids love the caremel flavoring.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
