URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62632405/fish-tacos-w-creamy-cilantro-sauce----cookus-interruptus/
Title:
Fish Tacos w/ Creamy Cilantro Sauce -- Cookus Interruptus Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon lime juice
1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil
1 tablespoon tamari or soy sauce
1 lb. fish, true cod, halibut or other white fish
8-12 corn tortillas or taco shells
grated cheese
salsa
Sauce:
1/4 cup mayonnaise or plain yogurt
1 tablespoon lime juice
2 tablespoons chopped cilantro
1 clove garlic, pressed
1/8 teaspoon cumin
1 tablespoon water
Vegetables:
1/2 cup shredded cabbage
4 leaves romaine, rolled and cut in thin strips
1 carrot, grated
1/4 cup chopped red onion
1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil
1 tablespoon lime juice
salt and pepper

Directions:
1) Combine 1 tablespoon each of lime juice, olive oil and soy sauce in a small bowl and pour over fish.  Allow fish to marinate for at least 1/2 hour.
2) Combine all ingredients for sauce in a small bowl and whisk until smooth.  Cut vegetables.  Dress with olive oil, lime juice, salt and pepper and toss.  Set side dressed vegetables and sauce.
3) Preheat broiler.  Place marinated fish on a broiler pan and broil about 10-15 minutes depending on the thickness of the fish (10 minutes per inch).  Warm tortillas in a skillet with a dab of butter one at a time or bake taco shells.  When fish is done, cut into small slices.  Place a few fish slices in tortilla with dressed vegetables on top.  Pour a tablespoon or two of the sauce over the top and add a bit of grated cheese and salsa if desired.  Repeat process for each tortilla.
Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
squawk93
Description: 
These are just like the yummy ones you can get at restaurants only better - the fish isn’t deep-fried and the ingredients are fresh!  Use our Caribbean Lime Halibut recipe or follow the directions for preparing the fish below.  You can choose to use soft corn tortillas or crisp taco shells.  Two or three limes should give you all the juice you need for this recipe.  Make plenty, they’re good.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
