URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62631215/sammys-chicken-gumbo/
Title:
sammys chicken gumbo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1-cup choped celery
1-cup choped onion
1-cup choped green bell pepper
2- cups of cutup okra 1/2 in. pices
1-lb. of smoked sausage
1- whole ruster or a baking hen,if neather can be found a good size fryer will do.
2- cups of all purpus flour
1-cup of corn oil
salt and pepper to tast

Directions:
in a large pot put your poltry to boiling,meanwhile chop up all your veges. mix all together except the okra set it to the side for now.in a medum frying pan heat up 3to4 tbs.of cooking oil mix in vegies except the okra.cook vegies tell translucent remove from frying pan onto a paper towel.this will remove some of the oil,set aside for now.in the same frying pan add 4 more tbs. of oil and cook okra until a bit dry. remove any oil with paper towel.check chicken for doneness if done remove from pot and let cool.while chicken is cooling,put the pot of water to boiling if need be add more water to pot.next
start the roux.in a med.size frying pan. heat cooking oil on med.heat until the oil starts to smoke a little then turn down to med.low add all of flour and mix oil in keep mixing until the mexture starts to look like a dark rust.remove from heat and spoon into boiling water . take care to not let any of this splash on you while spooning in.add vegies and okra. while all of this is cooking.debone the chicken. discard the bones and skin.add meat to mixture.cook until meatis real tender.add water as needed when done serve on rice with potato salid and a boiled egg. enjoy
remaining cooking oil.heat oil until the oil starts to smoke, lower heat to
med.low.put all the flour in and mix in oil.keep moving flour and oil mixture moving until it starts to look like a dark rust

Submitter: 
SAM
Description: 
this gumbo was put together from year's of watching my cajun friends puting their gumbo's together.i just used the ingredints that i thought would be good in a gumbo.i think i made a great slection of the ingredints.you may not like some of the ingredints but you can opt to leave it out and it still comes out good.i think its a great gumbo but you try it out and judge for your self.it goes well with potato salid or a boiled egg.again try it for yourself and you will see.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
11/2 hrs.
Ready in:
3 hrs.
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
