URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62631546/pepperoni-bread/
Title:
Pepperoni Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 16 oz package Pillsbury hot rolls mix
1 1/4 Cup Hot Water
2 Tablespoons Canola Oil
2 Teaspoons dried oregano
1 egg lightly beaten
1 1/2 cups freshly grated parmesan cheese
7 ounces sliced pepperoni
1 Cup shredded mozzarella
1 Cup shredded Cheddar Cheese

Directions:
Combine the roll mix and yeast packet from the box in a large bowl.  pour in the water and oil, mix well, and knead for 5 minutes.
Place the bowl in a warm place, cover the dough, and allow it to rise until it is double in bulk. (about 90 minutes)
Preheat the oven to 375.
Divide the risen dough into 2 balls.  On a floured surface, roll each ball into a 10-inch round.  Sprinkle each round with a teaspoon of oregano.
Combine the egg and parmesan in a medium size bowl.  Spread half the cheese mixture over each round of dough.  Top each with slices of pepperoni and sprinkle with the mozzarella and cheddar cheeses.
Roll each round into a cylinder and turn the ends under.  Place seam side down on an ungreased baking sheet.  Bake until the top is light brown, about 30 minutes.
Let the bread cool 10 minutes or so, and cut each roll into slices.  Serve plain or with marinara sauce to dip in.

Submitter: 
Momma's cookin'
Description: 
This is a recipe that I begged for from a friend.  I had to add it to the website because I keep losing the paper copy!  The directions below are for making the bread by hand.  I always just make in the bread machine by combining the water and oil then the mix then the yeast packet and set the machine on 'dough' setting, when done start with #3.  Works perfectly!  Just don't roll your dough too thin or it will break when you try to roll up. This is always a huge hit with kids and men!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
2 h, 30 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
