URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62637893/tuxedo-cake/
Title:
Tuxedo Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter
2 cups water
1 cup canola oil
4 cups sugar
1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
4 cups all-purpose flour
4 large eggs
1 cup buttermilk
1 tbsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
For the frosting:
4 cups chilled heavy whipping cream
1¼ cups confectioners’ sugar, sifted
For the chocolate topping:
4 oz. bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped
½ cup heavy whipping cream
¼ cup light corn syrup
2 tsp. vanilla extract

Directions:
CAKE: preheat the oven to 350° F.  Line three 9-inch round cake pans (or two 10-inch round cake pans or 3 8" and 12 cupcakes) with parchment paper.  Butter and flour the inside edges of the pan.
In a saucepan over medium heat, combine the butter, water and canola oil; heat until the butter is melted.  In a large mixing bowl, combine the sugar, cocoa powder, and flour; whisk to blend.  Pour the melted butter mixture into the dry ingredients and whisk until smooth.  Whisk in the eggs one at a time, then whisk in the buttermilk.  Add the baking soda, salt and vanilla to the bowl and whisk just until incorporated.  Divide the batter evenly between the prepared pans.  Bake for 35-40 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean.
Let cool in the pans for 15 minutes then invert onto a wire cooling rack to completely cool before frosting - at least 2 hours.
FROSTING: Add the heavy cream to the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a whisk attachment.  Whip on medium-high speed until soft peaks form.  Add the powdered sugar and continue to whip until thoroughly combined and stiff peaks form.  Be careful not to over-beat!
To assemble the cake, place one cake layer on a cake platter and spread a layer of the whipped cream frosting between each layer. Frost the top and sides of the assembled cake.  Refrigerate until the frosting has stabilized, at least 1 hour.
TOPPING: Heat the cream in a small saucepan over medium heat until simmering.  Pour the hot cream over the chocolate and let sit 1-2 minutes.  Whisk until the mixture is smooth and homogenous.  Blend in the corn syrup and vanilla. Let sit for 5-10 minutes then slowly pour over top of cake and allow to drip down the sides. Put in fridge to set for 1 hour before serving. Store in fridge unt

Submitter: 
Apron Appeal
Description: 
Black and white show stopping cake from Annies Eats
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
