URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62634599/crab-cakes/
Title:
Crab Cakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the aioli:
1 cup mayonnaise
Finely grated zest of 1 medium lemon (or 1 teaspoon packed)
1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice
1 tablespoon finely chopped cilantro
1 medium garlic clove, minced
1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper
Kosher salt
Freshly ground black pepper
For the crab cakes:
1/3 cup finely diced celery
1 tablespoon minced fresh chives
1 tablespoon finely chopped cilantro
1 pound lump crabmeat, picked over for shells, pull into bite-size pieces, excess water squeezed out (do not rinse)
Kosher salt
Freshly ground black pepper
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
3 large eggs, lightly beaten
2 cups panko
Vegetable oil, for frying
1 medium lemon, cut into wedges, for serving

Directions:
For the aioli:
Mix all the measured ingredients in a small bowl until combined. Season to taste with salt and pepper; set aside.
For the crab cakes:
Place 1/4 cup of the aioli, the celery, chives, and cilantro in a medium bowl and stir to combine. Fold in the crabmeat and season with salt and pepper as desired.
Using a 1/4-cup measuring cup, scoop 10 portions of the crabmeat mixture and place on a large plate or baking sheet. Wet your hands with warm water and gently pack each portion into 3/4-inch-thick disks (about 2 1/2 inches in diameter).
Place the flour, eggs, and panko in 3 separate shallow bowls for dredging the cakes. (Keep in mind that without a binder, the cakes will fall apart as you work with them. But don’t worry; do your best to re-form them as you go.) First coat the cakes in flour, shaking off any excess. Next coat them with egg, and finally coat them with panko, placing each back on the baking sheet as it is dredged.
Line a plate with paper towels; set aside. Heat a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Add enough oil to just coat the bottom of the pan. Place half of the cakes in the pan and cook until golden brown and crisp, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer to the prepared plate. Repeat with the remaining cakes, adding more oil to the pan as needed.
Place one or two cakes on a plate and top with a spoonful of the remaining aioli. Serve immediately with a lemon wedge.

Submitter: 
CraZee A
Description: 
This isn't my recipe...I found it on another website and am saving it for later :-)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
33 mins
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
