URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62637771/soy-glazed-beef-short-ribs/
Title:
Soy Glazed Beef Short Ribs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 T. Coconut oil
4 LB. boneless beef short ribs, cut into 4 ounce portions
Fresh thyme
salt and pepper to taste
3 scallions, cut into 1/2 inch slices on the bias
3 cloves garlic, rough chopped
1 T. ginger, freshly grated
1 stalk lemongrass, cut into 1 inch pieces
2 small red birds eye chilies
1 c. soy sauce
1/4 c. rice wine vinegar
4 c. chicken stock
2 T. freshly squeezed orange juice
1/4 c. hoisin sauce
2 scallions, sliced thin for garnish
2 T. sesame seeds

Directions:
Rub ribs with chopped fresh thyme and black better. Leave overnight. Remove from fridge, sprinkle fresh sea salt and let sit at room temp for 30min. Heat a deep heavy pot over medium high heat and add coconut oil. In a couple of batches, sear the ribs in the hot pan until golden brown on all sides, about 3 minutes per side. Remove from the pan and set aside.
Lower the heat to medium low and saute the scallions, garlic, ginger, lemongrass and red chilis just until aromatic, about 1-2 minutes. Add the soy sauce, rice vinegar, chicken stock, orange juice.
Return the seared ribs to the pan and bring to a boil. Place pot in oven and cook, covered, until the meat is tender, about 3 hours.
Remove the braised ribs from the braising liquid and set aside covered with foil to keep warm. Skim any fat from the braising liquid and discard. Strain the sauce through a sieve to remove any solids and return to the pot (you will likely only need about half of the liquid). Stir the hoisin sauce into the braising liquid and simmer until reduced to about 1 1/4 cups.
Return the ribs to the pot and coat them with the reduced sauce until nicely glazed and hot.
Garnish with scallions and sesame seeds.

Submitter: 
Chocolate
Description: 
Magnificent, Vietnamese style, slightly sweet beef short ribs. Mmmelt in you mouth delicious!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
