URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62635670/shabbat-breakfast-bread-kubaneh/
Title:
Shabbat Breakfast Bread (Kubaneh) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/579484.jpg
Ingredients:
1  envelope active dry yeast
1/3  cup lukewarm water
6  tablespoons sugar plus
1  teaspoon sugar
1 1/2  teaspoons salt
5  tablespoons margarine or butter cut into pieces
3/4  cup boiling water
3  cups all-purpose flour
1/2  cup very soft margarine or butter for spreading on dough

Directions:
Sprinkle yeast over lukewarm water and add 1 teaspoon sugar.
Leave for 10 mins until yeast is foamy.
In a mixing bowl, combine remaining sugar, salt, 5 tbsp marg, and boiling water.
Stir until sugar and margarine is completely dissolved, Stir in yeast mixture.
Add flour and mix with a wooden spoon until dough becomes difficult to stir.
Knead in rem. flour.
Knead dough on  lightly floured surface, adding flour by tbsps if necessary, until dough is smooth but still soft, about 10 mins.
Put dough in an oiled bowl, cover with damp cloth,  let rise in a warm place for 1 hr or until doubled.
Punch down dough, knead it briefly in bowl, cover, and let rise again in a warm place for about 1 hour; or refrigerate for 3 to 4 hrs.
Generously rub a deep 2-quart baking dish with marg or butter.
Divide dough into 8 pieces.
With a lightly oiled rolling pin, roll out one piece on a lightly oiled surface to a rectangle about 1/8 inch thick.
Spread with about 2 teaspoons of butter or marg., roll up like a jelly roll.
Flatten resulting roll by tapping it with your knuckles and spread it with about 1 teaspoon butter, roll up a spiral and place in baking dish so spiral design faces up.
Continue with remaining pieces of dough, placing them one next to other and touching each other in dish.
If any margarine or butter remains, put small pieces on top.
Cover with greased paper or foil placed on dough and with tight lid.
Preheat oven to 225, bake 3 hrs or til golden brown.
Turn out onto a plate, reverse onto another plate and put back into baking dish, so it is now upside down.
Cover and bake another hr; or reduce oven temp to 200 degrees and bake overnight.
(Bread can be baked ahead and reheated in its covered baking dish for about 45 mins in a 225 degree o

Submitter: 
hobbyzu
Description: 
This unique Yemenite bread, which is baked all night in a tightly covered dish, is prepared for Sabbath breakfast or brunch. It defies all the usual rules for bread baking--it bakes at a very low temperature rather than at high heat, and it is baked covered, so it steams, rather than uncovered. And it is absolutely delicious. 
Before baking, you can put a few eggs (in their shells) in the baking dish; they come out brown and are a good accompaniment for the bread.
Bread can be served with sugar for sprinkling; or accompanied by Yemenite Tomato Salsa and Hot Pepper-Garlic Chutney.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 1/2 hrs.
Ready in:
6 1/2 hrs.
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
