URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62632912/chocolate-banana-cream-napoleans/
Title:
Chocolate Banana Cream Napoleans Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/577998.jpg
Ingredients:
1 sheet Pepperidge Farm Frozen Puff Pastry
1 3.4 ounce box instant banana cream pudding or sugar-free banana cream pudding mix
1 cup low-fat milk
1 cup heavy whipping cream
1 8-ounce box Baker's Semi-sweet baking chocolate
4 tsp shortening
2-3 large bananas, sliced
powdered sugar for dusting

Directions:
On a lightly flour dusted baking sheet, follow thawing instructions on pastry box and remove 1 sheet of frozen puff pastry sheet for this recipe.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
In a medium size bowl, mix together pudding mix, milk and heavy whipping cream. Mix with an electric mixer on a high until extremely thick, stiff and creamy. Refrigerate for 30 minutes or until ready to use.
When pastry is thawed, open pastry sheet up and cut into thirds on seam line to make 3 evenly sliced pastries. Lay the 3 pieces on baking sheet side by side and slice each portion into 4 equal parts to make 12 individual squares and separate giving pastry 1/2 an inch to 1 inch of space in between each portion. Bake in oven for 15 minutes or until lightly golden. Remove and let cool completely.
When pastries are completely cooled, place baking chocolate and shortening in a microwaveable bowl and heat intervals of 45 seconds, stirring after each interval until chocolate and shortening are combined thoroughly and smooth, and no lumps.
Peel bananas, slice into 1/2 an inch slices. Dip each slice of banana into melted chocolate, coat evenly and shake off excess and place banana slices onto a parchment lined baking sheet. Place baking sheet into freezer for 10-15 minutes until chocolate is cooled and able to easily pull away from parchment. Reserve remaining melted chocolate for drizzling on completed dessert portions.
Assembly: take each puff pastry portion, split into 2 pieces. On the bottom portion of puff pastry top with pudding mix, a couple slices of chocolate covered bananas, a dab of pudding mix to secure top portion to. Top with 2nd half of puff pastry, dust with powdered sugar, drizzle with melted chocolate and garnish. Repeat. Serve immediately

Submitter: 
Melissa Goff
Description: 
After making a Strawberry Napolean recipe from this site...my family was interested in the dessert, asking if there were other flavors..and look there was only a few. But the thought of chocolate and bananas came to mind and I came up with this. Hope y'all enjoy.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
