URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62638889/tom-douglas-grilled-lamb-skewers-wred-wine-and-honey-glaze/
Title:
Tom Douglas Grilled Lamb Skewers w/red wine and honey glaze Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
•2 pounds boneless leg of lamb, cut into 1-inch chunks
•Six 10-inch bamboo skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutes and drained
•1/2 recipe Greek Marinade
•1 tablespoon unsalted butter
•2 tablespoons minced shallot
•2 cups dry red wine, such as Cabernet Sauvignon
•2 tablespoons honey
•Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
•1/2 recipe Parsley Salad (page 136)

Directions:
A STEP AHEAD
Marinate the lamb skewers up to a day ahead, You can make the glaze a day or two ahead and store, covered, in the refrigerator. Allow the glaze to come to room temperature before using.
Thread the lamb chunks on the bamboo skewers and place them in a nonreactive pan. Pour the Greek marinade over the lamb, turning the skewers to coat. Cover the pan with plastic wrap and allow to marinate in the refrigerator for 6 hours or overnight.
To make the red wine and honey glaze, melt the butter in a saucepan over medium-high heat and sauté the shallot for a few minutes, until lightly browned. Add the red wine, increase the heat to high, and boil until the wine is syrupy and reduced. You should have about 1/3 cup reduced wine. Whisk in the honey, season to taste with salt and pepper, and cook the glaze for another minute. Then remove from the heat and allow the glaze to cool.
When you are ready to grill the lamb, fire up the grill. Remove the lamb from the refrigerator and allow the meat to come to room temperature. Remove the skewers from the marinade, shaking off the excess marinade. Season the skewers on both sides with salt and pepper. Grill the lamb over direct heat, with the lid off, turning frequently with the tongs. Brush with the glaze as you turn them the first time and keep brushing as you turn them, using up all the glaze, until the lamb is done to your liking. The skewers will take 7 to 8 minutes for medium-rare, depending on how hot your fire is. Pile the skewers on a platter and top with the parsley salad.

Submitter: 
squawk93
Description: 
I like the flavor of red wine with lamb, but a long marinade in red wine breaks down the texture of the meat and makes it a little mealy. So, to give the lamb a good hit of rich wine flavor, I make a red wine and honey glaze and brush it on the meat as it grills. Try this glaze on lamb T-bone chops or even a grilled steak. The lamb skewers marinate several hours or a day ahead, so plan accordingly.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
24 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
