URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62636640/the-neelys-spicy-fried-wings/
Title:
The Neelys' Spicy Fried Wings Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the Seasoning:
1 tbsp. Seasoning Salt
1 tbsp. Red Pepper Flakes
2 tsp. Cayenne
2 tsp. Poultry Seasoning
1 tsp. Lemon Pepper
Freshly ground pepper , to taste
3 lbs. Chicken Wings
For the Batter:
2 Large Eggs
2 tbsp. Hot Sauce
1 tbsp. Red Pepper Flakes
1 tsp. Cayenne
Freshly ground pepper
2 c. All purpose flour
Vegetable oil
For the Dipping Sauce:
1 c. Sour cream
2 tbsp. Horseradish
1/4 c. Chili Sauce
1/2 tsp. Cayenne
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper

Directions:
Make the seasoning: Whisk the seasoning salt, red pepper flakes, cayenne, poultry seasoning, lemon pepper and 2 teaspoons black pepper in a small bowl. Set aside 2 tablespoons seasoning in a separate bowl.
Rinse the wings under cold water and place in a shallow baking dish. Sprinkle with the seasoning, then refrigerate, covered, 1 hour.
Make the batter: Whisk the eggs, hot sauce, red pepper flakes, cayenne and 1 teaspoon black pepper in a medium bowl. Put the flour in a shallow dish or pie plate.
In a large deep fryer or Dutch oven, heat 2 inches of vegetable oil until a deep-fry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Dip the wings in the eggs, then in the flour. Place the wings, three at a time, in the hot oil and fry until golden, 8 to 10 minutes, turning occasionally. Transfer to a paper-towel-lined baking sheet. Make sure the oil returns to 350 degrees F before adding the next batch. Sprinkle the wings with the reserved seasoning to make them extra hot.
Make the sauce: Mix the sour cream, horseradish, chili sauce, cayenne, and salt and black pepper to taste. Serve with the wings.

Submitter: 
hobbyzu
Description: 
Recipe courtesy of Pat and Gina Neely from Food Network.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 hr. 40 mins.
Ready in:
1 hr. 50 mins.
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
