URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62647632/raspberry-fudge-brownies/
Title:
Raspberry Fudge Brownies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups white sugar
4 eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 cup butter, melted
1 cup all-purpose flour
2/3 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup miniature chocolate chips
1 cup evaporated milk
2 egg yolks
8 (1 ounce) squares semisweet baking chocolate, chopped
12 ounces cream cheese, softened
1/4 Cup seedless raspberry jam
2 cups frozen whipped topping, thawed
16 chocolate curls (optional)

Directions:
Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease a 9x13 pan, and flour it.
In a large mixing bowl, beat the sugar, 4 whole eggs, and vanilla until combined. Mix in butter. In another bowl, combine the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, and salt; stir into butter mixture, mixing just until incorporated.  Fold in the chocolate chips.  Pour the batter into the prepared pan.
Bake in preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out with moist crumbs attached, 25 to 30 minutes.  Cool pan on wire rack.
Whisk together the evaporated milk and egg yolk in a small saucepan.  Heat over medium low, stirring constantly, until the mixture is very hot and thickens slightly; do not boil. Remove from heat.  Add  the 8 ounces of chopped semisweet chocolate.  Stir until the chocolate is melted and smooth.  Pour the filling over the cooled brownies; refrigerate until firm, about 2 hours.
Beat the cream cheese with the raspberry jam in a large bowl until smooth.  Fold in the whipped topping, and add the food coloring if desired.  Top the cooled brownies with the frosting, using a cake comb to create a design.  Cut brownies into 16 squares, then cut each square in half diagonally to form triangles.  Garnish with chocolate curls if desired.

Submitter: 
Dorothy Clark
Description: 
These moist chocolate brownies are topped with a rich fudge layer and a fluffy raspberry cream cheese frosting. To make them even prettier, I like to garnish them with chocolate curls.Modified from: Raspberry Fudge Brownies
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
32
Nutritional Facts:
NA
