URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62644583/rachel-ray-ham-and-cheese-waffles-with-honey-mustard-dipping-sauce/
Title:
Rachel Ray-Ham and Cheese Waffles with Honey Mustard Dipping Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups boxed pancake/waffle mix, prepared according to package directions. Note: the milk, egg and oil called for below is typical for many mixes. Modify as needed according to the directions for your particular mix.
1 1/3 cups milk
1 egg
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 cup sliced ham, chopped
1 cup Swiss cheese, shredded
Melted butter (for brushing the waffle iron)
3/4 cup Dijon mustard
1/4 cup honey
PREPARATION
Pre-heat the oven to 300ºF. Plug in a waffle iron.
While the waffle iron is heating up, stir together the pancake/waffle mix, milk, egg and oil a large mixing bowl, making sure not to overmix. Toss in the ham and cheese and give it a stir to combine.
Once the waffle iron is hot, brush it lightly with some melted butter, then ladle about 1/4 cup of batter into the center. Close the lid and cook until the waffles are golden brown and steam has stopped coming out from between the griddle plates, 3-4 minutes.
Place the finished waffles onto a baking sheet lined with a cooling rack and reserve them in the warm oven while you finish cooking off the rest of your batter.
While the waffles are cooking, whisk together the Dijon mustard and honey in a small serving bowl.
Once all the waffles are done cooking, cut each waffle into four sticks. Plate the waffle sticks and pass them at the table with the honey mustard dipping sauce alongside.

Directions:
PREPARATION
Pre-heat the oven to 300ºF. Plug in a waffle iron.
While the waffle iron is heating up, stir together the pancake/waffle mix, milk, egg and oil a large mixing bowl, making sure not to overmix. Toss in the ham and cheese and give it a stir to combine.
Once the waffle iron is hot, brush it lightly with some melted butter, then ladle about 1/4 cup of batter into the center. Close the lid and cook until the waffles are golden brown and steam has stopped coming out from between the griddle plates, 3-4 minutes.
Place the finished waffles onto a baking sheet lined with a cooling rack and reserve them in the warm oven while you finish cooking off the rest of your batter.
While the waffles are cooking, whisk together the Dijon mustard and honey in a small serving bowl.
Once all the waffles are done cooking, cut each waffle into four sticks. Plate the waffle sticks and pass them at the table with the honey mustard dipping sauce alongside.

Submitter: 
katie
Description: 
Brunch
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
