URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62643518/amazing-italian-lemon-butter-chicken/
Title:
Amazing Italian Lemon Butter Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/583685.jpg
Ingredients:
Lemon Butter Sauce:
1/2 cup white wine
1/3 cup  fresh lemon or lime  juice
3/4 cup heavy cream
3/4 to 1 cup butter, chilled
salt and pepper to taste
Chicken and Pasta:
1 pound dry farfalle (bow tie) pasta
4 to 5 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves cut in strips
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 tablespoon butter
1/3 cup all-purpose flour
salt and pepper to taste
4 ounces bacon
6 ounces mushrooms, sliced
6 ounces artichoke hearts, drained and halved
2 teaspoons capers, drained
chopped fresh parsley for garnish

Directions:
To make the sauce, pour the wine and lemon juice into a saucepan over medium heat. Cook at a low boil until the liquid is reduced by 1/3. Stir in cream, and simmer until it thickens. Gradually add the butter 1 tablespoon at a time to the sauce, stirring until completely incorporated. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from heat, and keep warm.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to boil. Add pasta, and cook until al dente, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain, and set aside.
To make the chicken, heat oil and 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. In a bowl, stir together flour, salt, and pepper. Lightly coat chicken with flour mixture. Without crowding, carefully place chicken in hot oil. (If necessary, cook in batches.) Fry until cooked through and golden brown on both sides. Remove the chicken to paper towels. Stir the bacon, mushrooms, artichokes, and capers into the oil; cook until the mushrooms are soft.
Cut the chicken breasts into bite-size strips, and return them to the skillet. Stir half of the lemon butter sauce into the chicken mixture.
To serve, place pasta in a large bowl. Stir the chicken mixture into the pasta. Taste, and adjust seasonings. Stir in additional lemon butter sauce as desired. Toss well, and garnish with parsley.

Submitter: 
flaglady
Description: 
This recipe introduced to me by an Italian woman combines thin strips of chicken breast in a lemon butter sauce with bacon, mushrooms, artichoke hearts, and capers; served over bowtie pasta.Modified from: Amazing Italian Lemon Butter Chicken
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
