URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62643945/cliff4ds-bread/
Title:
CLIFF4D's BREAD Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 cups whole wheat flour
3 cups AP flour
2 Tbsp sugar
3 Tbsp vital wheat gluten
1 Tbsp salt
4 Tbsp ground Flaxseed
4 ½ Tsp bread machine yeast
1 Tsp white vinegar
3 Tbsp oil
2 ½ cups warm milk

Directions:
In KA bowl, put 2 cups WW flour, sugar, gluten, yeast, vinegar and oil.  (I usually prepare the rest of the ingredients in a separate bowl.)  Add the milk To the KA bowl and mix until blended.  Add the other indredients, except the flaxseed, by cupfuls to the mixer, blending as you do. Add extra water or flour as needed to get a dough that pulls away from the sides of the bowl.  Dough may be a little sticky.  Let dough rest to hydrate for 5-10 minutes.  Add flaxseed and knead dough at no higher than #2 speed for at least 5-10 minutes.
Turn dough out on a lightly floured board and knead into a ball.  Place dough into an oiled bowl.  Lightly spray the top of the dough with cooking spray or oil.  Place the bowl in a warm draft-free place** and allow to rise about 60 minutes, or until doubled in size..
Punch down the dough and turnout again on lightly floured board.  Let rest for 5-10 minutes.  Divide dough and shape into 2 loaves.  Put loaves into oiled loaf pans , cover, and again set aside to rise, about 60 minutes, until the dough is risen over the rims of the  pans.
About 15 minutes before the end of the rise, preheat the oven to 425 degrees.
Bake the loaves at 375 degrees for about 30 minutes or until the tops are golden brown.
Remove the loaves from the oven and place on a cooling rack.  Leave the loaves in the pans for about 10 minutes to help the bottom crusts fo set. And finish baking with the residual heat.  Remove the loaves from the  pans and allow to rest on their sides to cool before slicing or storing.

Submitter: 
cliff4d
Description: 
This is a combination of things I've tried and liked for a basic bread.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
