URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62640387/potato-less-shepherds-pie/
Title:
Potato-less Shepherd's Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/582029.jpg
Ingredients:
Mashed Root Vegetables:
1 tablespoon canola oil
8 ounces carrots cut into 1/4 inch-thick slices
1 large yam, peeled, quartered lengthwise, and cut crosswise into 1/4 inch-thick slices; rinsed well
1/3 cup low-sodium chicken stock
2 tablespoons cream
2 tsp table salt
1 tsp ground black pepper
Mashed Cauliflower:
2 heads raw cauliflower
2 tablespoons cream
table salt
ground black pepper
Ground Sirloin with Gravy:
1 tablespoon canola oil
2 cloves garlic, chopped finely
1 chopped onion
1 pound lean ground sirloin
butter (if needed)
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
1 cup beef broth
1/2 cup red wine
salt and pepper to taste
1/4 cup shredded Cheddar cheese
3/4 cup raw, fresh corn

Directions:
Mashed Root Vegetables:
Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the carrots and cook, stirring occasionally, until the butter is browned and the carrots are browned (10 to 12 minutes).
Add the yams, chicken stock, and teaspoon salt and stir to combine. Cook, covered, over med-low heat (the stock should simmer gently; do not boil), stirring occasionally, until the yams fall apart easily when poked with a fork and all the liquid has been absorbed, 25 to 30 minutes. (If any liquid remains when yams are done, drain it off. Remove the pan from the heat; remove the lid and allow to cool for a few minutes.
Rice the yams and carrots into a bowl. Fold in the cream. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Set aside for final assembly.
Mashed Cauliflower:
Break the cauliflower up into florets. Cook it in a steamer until it's tender -- a fork should easily pierce it. Once done, let cool for a few minutes.
Using a food processor with a shredding disc, shred the cauliflower in batches. Change to a metal dough blade and add cream, and salt and pepper to taste. Mix for ~10 seconds with dough blade (you want it well pureed) and set aside for final assembly.
Ground Sirloin with Gravy:
Heat oil in a large frying pan. Add garlic and onion. Cook until onion softens. Add ground beef and cook until well browned.
Heat a small frying pan on medium heat. From the beef mixture, drain fat but reserve 2 tablespoons of fat and put into the small pan. If you don't have 2 tablespoons of fat, add and melt butter to get to 2 tbs of fat. Stir in the flour and cook until the roux is browned. Add beef broth and Worcestershire sauce and bring to simmer.
Add wine to beef mixture in the large fry pan. Once heated, add beef gravy
See footnote for assembly directions

Submitter: 
Nesto
Description: 
Ok, you will use yams, but this is South Beach Phase II friendly. Fat is kept in check, but you could make it a little less fat by leaving out the cheese and cutting down on the cream used.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
