URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62645086/3-cheese-baked-macaroni-and-cheese-with-sun-dried-tomatoes-feta/
Title:
3 Cheese Baked Macaroni and Cheese with Sun Dried Tomatoes & Feta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (16 ounce) package elbow macaroni
2/3 cup butter
1 large onion, chopped
6tablespoons all-purpose flour
2 cups milk
2 cups half & half
1 (5 ounce) package sharp Cheddar cheese, cubed
1 5oz Velveta cheese
1 cup Feta cheese
1 3oz pakage Sun Dried Tomatoes (dry)
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 cup plain dry bread crumbs, or more as needed

Directions:
Fill a pan with lightly salted water, bring to a boil over medium-high heat, stir in the macaroni, and return to a boil. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the pasta has cooked through but is still firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Drain well.
Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease two 9x13 inch baking dishes.
Melt the butter in the skillet over medium-low heat, and cook and stir the chopped onion for about 5 minutes, until translucent.  Whisk in the flour, stirring constantly to avoid lumps. Cook and stir the butter, onion and flour for 2 to 3 minutes to make a roux, and remove from the heat. Whisk in the milk a little at a time, stirring constantly, until all the milk has been incorporated, and return to low heat. Bring the sauce to a simmer, and cook over low heat for about 2 minutes, stirring constantly, to finish cooking the flour. Whisk in the cheeses, a few cubes at a time, until all the cheese has been incorporated and the sauce is hot and smooth. Add the sun tomatoes. Pour the macaroni into the cheese sauce, and stir to combine. Stir in the salt, and pepper.
Spoon the macaroni mixture into the prepared baking dish, and sprinkle the bread crumbs over the top. Bake for about 20 minutes in the preheated oven, until the crumbs are brown and the casserole is bubbling. Let stand for 15 minutes after baking, to set before serving.

Submitter: 
fosterdl
Description: 
Homemade macaroni and cheese, sun dried tomatoes, and Feta chese,makes a warming week night supper. This is a first draft, so feel free to suggest changes.Modified from: Cheese's Baked Macaroni and Cheese
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
