URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62658387/creme-brulee-with-chef-peons-suggestions/
Title:
Creme Brulee (with Chef Peon's suggestions) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 egg yolks
6 tablespoons white sugar, divided
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 1/2 cups heavy cream
2 tablespoons brown sugar

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
Beat egg yolks, 4 tablespoons sugar and vanilla in a mixing bowl until thick and creamy.  Set aside.
Pour cream into a saucepan and stir over low heat until it almost comes to boil. Remove the cream from heat immediately.  Pour a little of the hot cream into the egg yolk mixture and whisk briskly.  Pour the cream/yolk mixture into the rest of the cream and whisk. There will be a lot of foam on the top. Skim this off with a strainer and throw away.
Pour the hot mixture into a shallow heat-proof dish or individual dishes, and place in a baking dish. Set the baking dish on your oven shelf and pour hot water in the dish so the water comes halfway up the sides of the dish(es) containing the brulee.
Bake at 375 anywhere from 15 to 30 minutes. They are done when you shake the dish gently and the brulees jiggle just slightly in the middle. The jiggle shouldn't be a liquid jiggle, but more of a gelatin-like jiggle. Remove from oven and let the brulees cool in the water bath for about 15 minutes, then remove and put the brulees in the refrigerator to chill.
Just before serving, sprinkle the tops with white granulated sugar and shake off the excess. Place under broiler until caramelized. Serve immediately.
Part of the fun of Creme Brulee comes from the crispiness of the burnt top compared to the creaminess of the custard.

Submitter: 
samartin
Description: 
This is the popular Creme Brulee recipe but revised to reflect the preparation suggestions posted by ChefPeon.  The ingredients have not been changed.Modified from: Creme Brulee
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
2 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
