URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62658402/chicken-breasts-in-caper-cream-sauce/
Title:
Chicken Breasts in Caper Cream Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/590487.jpg
Ingredients:
4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves
juice from 2 lemons
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon dried dill weed (or fresh) for meat
1 teaspoon garlic powder
3/4 - 1 cup flour for dredging
3 tablespoons butter
2 cloves minced garlic
1 teaspoon dried dill weed (or fresh) for sauce
1 cup whipping cream
1/2 cup dry white wine
6 oz fresh white mushrooms
1/2 tablespoon butter
2 tablespoons capers, drained and rinsed

Directions:
Filet/slice breast long ways to make breast thinner . Using parchment paper, pound the meat a little to tenderize.  Marinate chicken breasts in lemon juice for 15 minutes. Season with salt, 1 tsp. of the dill weed, and garlic powder. Dredge in flour. Melt 3 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Place breasts in skillet, and increase heat to medium-high. Turn chicken frequently, until brown, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium, and cook 5 to 7 minutes, until breasts are cooked through. Remove chicken to a warm serving platter, and cover with foil.
Return skillet to stove. Add minced garlic. Deglaze pan with white wine, Scraping the pan to loosen any the bits left from the chicken. Turn the heat to high. Whisk in whipping cream, and 1 teaspoon of dill, 1 tablespoon of the lemon juice from the marinate, whisking continuously until reduced to sauce consistency, about 3-5 minutes. Remove from heat.
In a seperate skillet saute mushrooms over medium high heat in 1/2 tablespoon butter until done.
Add mushrooms and capers to sauce and stir. Pour sauce over chicken, and serve.

Submitter: 
Kilyena
Description: 
A family favorite, these chicken breasts get the full-flavored treatment: these are smothered in a creamy dill and caper sauce, and seasoned with lemon juice and garlic powder. Adapted from Mommyto2boys recipe.Modified from: Chicken Breasts in Caper Cream Sauce
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
