URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62652982/strawberry-stuffed-french-toast/
Title:
Strawberry Stuffed French Toast Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/596310.jpg
Ingredients:
Filling:
2 tablespoons soft unsalted butter, plus additional for sauteing
4 ounces cream cheese, room temperature
1 1/2 tablespoons orange marmalade, plus additional for drizzling
5 ounces diced strawberries
4 thick slices Pullman-style bread, refrigerated
Powdered sugar, for dusting
Egg Batter:
6 extra-large eggs
1 tablespoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg
2 tablespoons sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
4 ounces whole milk
4 ounces evaporated milk
Breading:
10 ounces corn cereal (recommended: Cornflakes)
6 ounces sliced almonds

Directions:
In a medium bowl, using a hand beater, beat the 2 tablespoons of butter, and the cream cheese until combined.
Add the marmalade and mix until incorporated, then fold in the strawberries, using a rubber scraper.
Transfer the mixture to a pastry bag fitted with a large tip.
Make an incision (pocket) on the crust side of the 4 pieces of bread about 3/4 of the way through. The incision will allow you to stuff the pocket.
Keep the slices with the incision, covered, at room temperature before stuffing.
Gently stuff the room temperature slices with the filling.
Refrigerate the stuffed slices with the pocket opening facing up for 20 to 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
For the egg batter:  Add all the ingredients to a medium shallow bowl and mix well.
Assemble the French Toast:  Add the corn cereal and almonds to a sheet pan and crush together.
Dip the bread slices in the egg batter and then into the cereal mixture.
Put a large skillet on medium-high heat and add 3 to 4 tablespoons butter.
When the butter has melted add the stuffed bread slices and brown on 1 side.
Then flip and put the skillet in oven for 8 minutes.
Remove the skillet from the oven and transfer the toast to a serving platter.
Drizzle with orange marmalade and a dusting of powdered sugar before serving.

Submitter: 
dkitsuen
Description: 
Great for brunch.  I substituted Pullman bread with a Vanilla Sour Cream bread I had made in the bread maker.  It added a an extra layer of sweetness.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1:15
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
