URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62656427/fresh-crock-pot-refried-beans/
Title:
Fresh Crock Pot Refried Beans Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/591932.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 c sweet onion, cut in large chunks
3 cups dry pinto beans, rinsed
1/2 fresh jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped (or one can green chilies-we liked this)
1  tablespoon minced garlic
1 teaspoon salt (or to taste)
1/2 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper (or to taste)
1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin, optional
4 1/2 c. water
4 1/2 c chicken broth (3 cans)
Suggest saute onion and minced garlic in slightly buttered olive oil first till tender and flavors blend.
Don't let beans soak overnight or the end product will be too runny.

Directions:
Place the onion, rinsed beans, jalapeno (or can of green chilies), garlic, salt, pepper &amp; cumin into a slow cooker. Stir in liquids.  Cook on High for 8 hours.  Note: if more than 1 cup of water has evaporated during cooking, then the temperature is too high.  Once the beans have cooked, strain them, and reserve the liquid.  Mash with a potato masher, adding the reserved liquid as needed to attain desired consistency.  Makes a lot - freezes well.  Works great in Mexican Layered dip or as a dip for tortilla chips, or in burritos, or even as a side dish with Mexican Rice.
NOTE: If you put beans on low before going to bed then you may need to put them on high for 2-4 hours when you wake up.
Other Suggestions:
*  To make it taste a bit more authentic use 1 whole jalapeno instead of half, 1/4 teaspoon cumin instead of 1/8, then 3 tablespoons of paprika, and 2 tablespoons of extra virgin olive oil. Cook 2 lbs of beans for 10 hours instead of 8 hours on high.
*  Frijoles de la olla:  Try eating them BEFORE they are mashed.  (The broth is great too. So save it! When they are almost cooked, add onion and a piece of (important) a branch of an herb called epazote. That is the base for other dishes made with beans in Mexico.
LEFTOVERS:  Fry leftovers with a little olive oil the next day-its twice as good. (Add reserved broth as needed as beans thicken over time.  Milk is sometimes added to make beans creamier).
Once you make this recipe - you won't ever want to use canned re-fried beans again!
Chicken Burrito:
Spread tortilla with beans.  Add shredded chicken, then shredded cheese.  Place two rolled up burritos in microwave x 90 sec. Garnish with salsa and sour cream or plain yogurt and fresh salad greens.

Submitter: 
NJHoffman
Description: 
Flavorful re-fried beans seasoned with garlic, jalapeno (or canned green chilies), and cumin. So simple to make when cooked in a slow cooker. Customized ChefClaude's Refried Beans Without the Refry as follows:Modified from: Refried Beans Without the Refry
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
8 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
