URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62659983/beef-enchiladas-with-spicy-red-sauce/
Title:
Beef Enchiladas with Spicy Red Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/591372.jpg
Ingredients:
Red Sauce Ingredients:
1 tablespoon olive oil
½ cup finely chopped onions
4 teaspoons minced garlic
1 teaspoon dried oregano
3½ teaspoons chili powder
1 teaspoon dried basil
¼ teaspoon black pepper
¼ teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon dried cilantro
½ cup salsa
1 (6 ounce) can tomato sauce
1 (6 ounce) can tomato paste
2 cups chicken broth
Enchilada ingredients:
1 pound ground beef
¾ cup finely chopped onions
3 teaspoons minced garlic
½ teaspoon chili powder
½ teaspoon cumin
¼ teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon pepper
½ cup of prepared red sauce
½ cup beef broth
½ cup Mexican blend grated cheese
8 small (6 inch) flour tortillas
Cooking spray
2 cups Mexican blend grated cheese
½ cup chopped fresh cilantro

Directions:
Prepare the red sauce as stated below and set aside.
Heat the oil in a large saucepan over medium heat.  Add the onion and sauté until softened.  Add the garlic and sauté another 3 to 5 minutes, being careful not to burn the garlic.
Add the spices, salsa, tomato sauce, tomato paste, and chicken broth.  Mix together until well blended.
Simmer on low heat for about 30 minutes, or until desired consistency.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
In a large skillet, sauté the ground beef over medium high heat until evenly browned.  Drain the grease.
Add the onions, garlic and spices and sauté for another 5 to 10 minutes until onions and garlic are softened.
Add the red sauce and beef broth.  Mix together and simmer 5 minutes.
Add ½ cup of grated cheese and stir together until melted and well blended.
Simmer beef mixture on low heat for 30 minutes.
While the beef mixture is simmering, spray both sides of each of the tortillas with cooking spray.  Stack the tortillas with aluminum foil between each tortilla and wrap all in aluminum foil.  Warm the tortillas in the preheated oven for about 10 minutes.
Pour about ½ cup of red sauce in the bottom of a 9 X 13 inch glass baking dish and spread.
On each tortilla, place an equal portion of the ground beef mixture, reserving about ¼ cup of ground beef mixture.
Tightly roll the tortillas and place in baking dish with seam side down.
Pour remaining red sauce over the tortillas.  Top with reserved ground beef mixture and cheese.
Bake in preheated oven for about 30 minutes, or until sauce is bubbly and cheese is melted.
Remove from oven and sprinkle with chopped fresh cilantro.

Submitter: 
Vickie Boozer
Description: 
Ground beef enchiladas in flour tortillas topped with spicy red sauce, cheese and fresh cilantro.  So flavorful!  Takes time and effort, but well worth it!  Serve with Mexican rice and beans for a complete Mexican meal.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
