URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62651319/sweet-potato-and-tofu-vindaloo/
Title:
Sweet Potato and Tofu Vindaloo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/587143.jpg
Ingredients:
1 14 oz. package firm or extra firm tofu
1/2 tsp garlic powder
1/2 tsp onion powder
1 tbsp flour
2 tbsp canola oil, separated
1 tbsp minced fresh ginger
5 cloves garlic
1/2 cup finely diced onion
1 tsp black pepper
1/2 tsp salt
1 tbsp brown sugar
1 tbsp Vindaloo Curry Spice
Dried Thai chili or other chopped chili peppers (optional - for heat)
About 2 tsp water plus 1 cup water
4 tbsp white vinegar
1 large sweet potato (about 1 1/2 c, diced small)
1 cup garbanzo beans, drained and rinsed if using canned
1 cup tomato sauce

Directions:
Slice block of tofu horizontally. Press between paper towels to remove excess liquid. (I place a pan on it for about 20 minutes to help squeeze the liquid out.) Cut into cubes. Mix garlic and onion powder with flour; toss with tofu cubes. Set aside.
In large skillet, heat 1 tbsp. oil. Add onions, garlic and ginger and cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Remove to a blender or small food processor. Add pepper, salt, brown sugar and curry powder with about 2 tsp water. Blend into a paste. Add vinegar and set aside.  (If spicy vindaloo is desired, add a dried Thai chili or other chopped fresh chili peppers when blending)
Add remaining tbsp of oil to skillet and increase heat to medium-high. Stir fry tofu until browned, about 5 minutes. Add diced sweet potatoes and cook another 4 or 5 minutes. Stir in vindaloo paste, tomato sauce, 1 cup water and garbanzo beans. Bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer, covered, for 20 minutes or until potatoes are thoroughly cooked.

Submitter: 
ChristineM
Description: 
Mild starting point for my tofu vindaloo - add a dried Thai chili or chopped chili peppers to give it more heat, like a traditional vindaloo
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
60
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
