URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62652241/pecan-pie-bread-pudding-with-vanilla-sauce/
Title:
PECAN PIE BREAD PUDDING with VANILLA SAUCE Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/587554.jpg
Ingredients:
Pecan Pie Bread Pudding Ingredients
12 cups Cubed Bread (approx. ¾”, any hard crust removed)
¼ Cup Un-salted Butter, melted
¾ Cup Heavy Cream
6 large eggs
1 ¾ Cup Sugar
¼ Cup Water
¼ Cup Dark Corn Sugar
2 Tbs Corn Syrup
¼ tsp Salt
1 tsp Pure Vanilla Extract
1 ¾ Cups Halved Pecans
Vanilla Sauce Ingredients
½ Cup Sugar
3 tbs light brown sugar
1 tbs flour
¼ tsp ground nutmeg
1 large egg
2 tbs butter
1 ¼ Cups heavy cream
1 tbs pure vanilla extract

Directions:
PECAN PIE BREAD PUDDING
In a heavy medium sauce pan on medium heat, combine sugar, water, light & dark Corn Syrups, salt & vanilla.  Heat to bubbling, then add pecans, stir and cook for 2 more minutes.  Remove from heat & set aside.  Skim off about 2/3’s of the pecans and set aside for the topping.
Meanwhile, butter a 2-quart baking dish.
In a very large bowl, whisk together the eggs and heavy cream, while whisking add the melted butter.
Whisk in the pecan mixture.
Add the bread cubes to the mixture and mix lightly to combine.
Pour the mixture into the baking dish.
Spoon the remaining pecans over the top.
Let the mixture sit for an hour or so at room temperature.
Bake in preheated 350° F. oven for 45 – 55 min, uncovered, until the top is browned and the middle springs back when lightly pressed.
Removed the pudding from the oven and serve warm, topped with Vanilla Sauce.  Recipe Below
VANILLA SAUCE
Makes approx 1 ¾ Cups
Melt butter in a heavy saucepan on medium heat. Then combine the sugar, brown sugar, flour, nutmeg, egg & heavy cream, whisking constantly until thickened, approx. 5 min.  Remove from heat, stir in vanilla.  Pour over Pecan Pie Bread Pudding.
Serve warm or at room temperature

Submitter: 
gardenchiq
Description: 
If you like Pecan Pie & if you like Bread Pudding, you'll love this Sweet creamy bread pudding with the rich flavor of a pecan pie.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
approx. 20 min.
Ready in:
2 hrs
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
