URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62653828/homemade-pop-tarts/
Title:
Homemade  Pop-Tarts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/645406.jpg
Ingredients:
Pastry:
4 cups all purpose flour
1 3/4 cups butter or shortening
1 tablespoon sugar
2 teaspoons salt
1 tablespoon vinegar
1 egg
1/2 cup very cold water
Filling:
1-1 1/2 cup jam or jelly
Icing:
1/2 cup powdered sugar
1/4 teaspoon vanilla
2-3 teaspoons milk

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees.Add the flour,butter,sugar and salt to a large bowl.Mix the flour and the butter with a pastry cutter.
In a small bowl,add the vinegar,egg and cold water,whisk.Add to flour mixture,stirring until well moistened.Stick your hands in there and shape into ball.(don`t over-handle)Divide into 2 equal halves.Wrap each half in plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 15 min before using.
After dough is chilled roll out in two long strips, 6 inches wide.Cut into 3 inch sections.Your mileage will vary on how thin you roll the pastry. you Should come out with 8-10 full size pop-tarts.(you can also cut into smaller strips for "pop-tart sticks")It is your pop tart so be creative,do square,circle or triangle.Be creative.Place filling(jam or jelly) in the center of the pastry (about 2 teaspoons).Use a fork to press their edges down,Poke 2 fork marks to let the steam out while baking.
For brown sugar and cinnamon pop-tarts 3 tablespoons melted butter,1/3 cup sugar 1/3 cup brown sugar 1 tablespoon cinnamon in a small bowl.Brush the  melted butter on each piece,sprinkle the brown sugar mixture.
On an greased baking sheet place them on 1 in. apart. Bake on the top shelf in oven for 8 min. bake on the bottom shelf till they look done.
Icing:
stir together the sugar,vanilla and milk.drizzle on  the pop-tarts when their done baking.Let cool for 3 min.

Submitter: 
Mary
Description: 
You will love these!!!If you do not like pop-tarts you soon will!!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min.
Ready in:
48 min.
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
