URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62659720/gluten-free-spicy-sesame-peanut-noodles/
Title:
Gluten Free Spicy Sesame Peanut Noodles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb. gluten free brown rice or quinoa spaghetti or flat rice noodles
4 tbsp sesame oil
1 lb. extra firm tofu, drained and pressed dry (cooked chicken or shrimp are great substitutes)
1 – 2 tsp. grapeseed oil
1/2 c. peanut butter, use a natural peanut butter
5 tbsp wheat free tamari
3 tbsp rice wine vinegar
2 – 3 tbsp agave or sweetener of choice
3 cloves garlic
3 tsp ginger, minced
1/2 tsp crushed red pepper or 1 tbsp chili garlic paste
1 tbsp hot water
1/2 cup red cabbage, sliced thin
1/2 cup green cabbage, sliced thin
1 tsp grapeseed oil
1 cucumber, julienned
1 large carrot, julienned
2 scallions, sliced

Directions:
Cook the spaghetti until done, being very careful not to overcook. Drain and run cold water over noodles, raking your fingers through the noodles until they are no longer hot to the touch. Allow to continue draining in the colander. When fully drained, pour noodles into a bowl. Add 2 tbsp of the sesame oil, toss until coated, set aside.
Slice the tofu into 1/2? slices (you should have about 10 slices). Saute in 1 tsp. grapeseed oil until crisp on each side, flipping halfway through cooking. Remove from pan and cube. Set aside.
To prepare the sesame peanut sauce, put the remaining 2 tbsp sesame oil, peanut butter, tamari, vinegar, agave, garlic, ginger, crushed red pepper, and hot water into a food processor. Blend until smooth. Set aside.
Stir fry or steam the cabbage in 1 tsp grapeseed oil over medium heat for 2 minutes. Remove from pan and set aside.
To assemble the dish, add the tofu and cabbage to the noodles. Pour 1/2 cup of the peanut sauce over the noodles, tofu and cabbage, tossing to coat the noodles. Add more sauce, as desired. If necessary, before adding more sauce to the noodles, thin the sauce with additional hot water (only adding one tbsp at a time to the sauce).
To serve, place on a plate. Top with julienned cucumber, carrot, and scallion. Drizzle additional sauce over the entire dish, to taste.

Submitter: 
Anna Fargo
Description: 
I love Peanut Sauce, it can go with just about all meats and vegetables. Here is my favorite recipe using tofu, vegetables and gluten free noodles. Perfect for Meatless Monday...
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
