URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62655918/lunchroom-lady-rolls/
Title:
Lunchroom Lady Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 Cups of flour (17 ounces) (I am assuming the lunch ladies used AP Flour)
2 tablespoons instant yeast
1 tablespoon salt
3 tablespoons sugar
1/2 cup melted shortening, cooled (may use butter)
1 3/4 cup warm milk
Melted butter for brushing tops if desired

Directions:
In a Stand mixer bowl, combine all the ingredients, except for the melted butter for brushing the rolls and mix well.  Use a dough hook and mix for several minutes until the dough is smooth and there are no more flour lumps.  The dough will be quite sticky, but that's OK.  It should eventually pull away from the side of the mixing bowl, however.  Add more flour if necessary in order to achieve that.  I knead these rolls for about 6-7 minutes on Speed 2 of my KitchenAid.
Grease a large bowl and transfer the dough into the bowl, rotating the dough so the top is covered with a bit of the grease.  Cover lightly with saran wrap or a towel and let dough rise until doubled.  I usually turn the oven light on in my oven when I begin mixing.. and I use the warmth of this light to let my dough rise.  Punch the dough down gently and turn out onto a lightly floured counter.  Divide the dough into 12 or 15 even pieces - bigger rolls or smaller ones.  Shape the rolls into balls roughly and using the palm of your hand, roll the rolls out into a tight ball.  Place them in a 9x13 metal pan, sprayed with PAM.  Cover with a tea towel or loosely with saran wrap and let rise again until doubled.  About 30-40 mins.  Preheat your oven to 425 for at least 15 minutes before baking.  Bake until browned nicely, about 20 minutes.  If browing too fast, loosely cover with foil and let them finish baking.  Remove from the oven and immediately turn out to a wire rack.  Brush with butter and let cool until ready to eat.

Submitter: 
Patty Cakes
Description: 
BellesAZ found this recipe in an old cookbook at a yard sale, while on vacation, for a buck. This recipe is worth a Million of them! Thanks Sugar:)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
14
Nutritional Facts:
NA
