URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62662451/ale-braised-dark-meat-turkey/
Title:
Ale Braised Dark Meat Turkey Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/592638.jpg
Ingredients:
3	turkey legs or thighs or both.
½	cup onion, chopped
½	cup diced carrot
½	cup diced celery
1	to 2 tablespoons tomato paste (to taste)
3	to 4 cloves garlic, minced
1/8	cup cider vinegar, optional
1	cup chicken broth
6	ounces beer
1	large sprig fresh rosemary
1 ½	teaspoons Roasted Garlic Rub (from Napa Style) or a blend of seasonings such as, garlic, & onion powders, pepper salt, and maybe some Italian seasoning.
¼	cup water
1/8	cup flour for thickening sauce to gravy consistency

Directions:
1.	Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a large heavy pot or Dutch oven over high heat. Add the turkey thighs or drumsticks and brown as evenly as possible all over. Do this in batches if necessary.
2.	Once browned, remove the turkey from the pot. Reduce the heat to medium-low and then add the onions, carrots, and celery and cook until tender. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, until it is mixed in. Then add all the remaining ingredients, except the rosemary, and stir until everything is incorporated. Bring this liquid to a simmer, add the turkey legs back to the pot, along with the rosemary, and bring to a simmer. Cook about 2 to 3 hours over low heat at a low simmer until the turkey meat falls off the bone easily with just a little nudge from a fork.
3.	Remove turkey legs and rosemary sprigs. Set turkey legs aside to cool. Meanwhile bring pan back to a simmer, add flour mixture stirring constantly until thickened, and smooth.
Remove turkey from bones, shred and add  back to braising liquid. Serve over hot egg noodles, Rice, potatoes or Cous Cous.  Or just eat plain.  LOL

Submitter: 
Semigourmet
Description: 
this slow simmered dish is easy cheap and comforting.  Served over noodles, potatoes or rice very versatile.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
3 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
