URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62660139/cannoli-for-kids/
Title:
Cannoli for Kids Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/591492.jpg
Ingredients:
Cookie Dough:
2 eggs, well beaten
1/2 cup sugar
1/2 cup margarine, melted
1 1/2 cup flour
1/4 teaspoon soda
2 teaspoons vanilla
1 teaspoon anise seed (optional)
2 tablespoons cold water
2 tablespoons white vinegar
Filling
1 cup low fat cottage cheese, pureed
1 package (3 oz) vanilla instant pudding mix
1 1/2 cups cold 2% milk
1/2 cup chocolate chips
1/2 cup dried cranberries (optional)
Chopped nuts for topping (optional)
Confectioner's sugar

Directions:
Preheat pizzelle maker for 5 - 10 minutes. Spray with non-stick oil.
Make your cannoli cones with 6 X 8&quot; light cardboard. Roll it tight into a cone shape and tape to hold it secure. Make several cones to shape the pizzelle.
Prepare the cookie dough by adding the ingredients in order listed, mixing well after each addition.Drop by rounded tablespoon onto the center of the hot pizzelle grid
Close lid cook for about 60 seconds or until lightly browned.
Remove with a fork and roll immediately onto the paper cone. Lightly press the overlapping edges of the pizzelle to seal. Allow to cool slightly before removing from the cone.  Cool completely before filling.
Filling:
Put cottage cheese into a food processor and blend thoroughly until smooth.
In a medium sized bowl, whisk milk and pudding mix for at least 2 minutes, or until pudding thickens.
Add blended cottage cheese to pudding mix and stir until well blended.
Fold in chocolate chips and dried cranberries.
Carefully spoon filling into the shells.
Top with nuts.
Sift confectioner's sugar over the filled cannoli. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
distasi
Description: 
This is a variation of the traditional Cannoli but so easy to make that kids can make them too. The only equipment you need to purchase is the pizzelle maker. Simple, elegant and delicious too.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
60 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
