URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62664711/jalapeno-cream-cheese-chicken-enchiladas/
Title:
Jalapeño Cream Cheese Chicken Enchiladas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/593688.jpg
Ingredients:
3 Medium Size Chicken Breasts
1 Teaspoon of Cayenne Pepper
1/2 Teaspoon of Garlic Powder
Salt and Pepper (to your taste)
1 Large Yellow Onion
2 Medium Sized Jalapeños
2 Table Spoons of Butter
8 Ounces of Cream Cheese
1/2 Teaspoon of Cayenne Pepper
1 Table Spoon of Garlic Powder
1/2 Teaspoon of Paprika
1/2 Teaspoon of Cumin
1/2 Teaspoon of Chili Powder
Salt and Pepper (to your taste)
8 Flour Tortillas
28oz Can of Green Chili Enchilada Sauce
8oz Monterey Jack Cheese Shredded

Directions:
Season chicken with cayenne pepper, garlic powder, salt and pepper. Bake chicken for 45 minutes at 350 degrees or until cooked all the way through (no pink). Allow to cool. Shred chicken with 2 forks.
Mince onion and jalapeño. Cook in large non stick skillet on the stove over medium heat with butter until onions are translucent. Add cream cheese in chunks. Allow cheese to melt completely stirring often. Add spices. Add chicken. Remove from heat.
Poor half of the enchilada sauce into the bottom of a 9X13 Pyrex dish. Evenly distribute jalapeño cream cheese chicken mixture through out 7 tortillas along with 4 oz of monterey jack cheese. Roll up enchilada style and place in dish. (You will have one tortilla left over) Poor remaining can of enchilada sauce over enchiladas and sprinkle remaining 4oz of cheese on top. Cook in oven for 30-35 minutes at 350 degrees.

Submitter: 
baumanns
Description: 
One of my favorite local Mexican restaurants serves a dish with jalapeño cream cheese and shredded chicken that is to die for. I had been experimenting with dishes that contained those two ingredients and came up with this!! It is absolutely to die for and I get nothing but rave reviews from people who try it! Give it a whirl... I promise your taste buds won't regret it. :-)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
