URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62662914/creamy-beef-stroganoff/
Title:
Creamy Beef Stroganoff Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/592833.jpg
Ingredients:
2 lbs beef chuck
1/2 c red wine
1 t salt
1/2 t black pepper
1 T extra virgin olive oil
8 T butter, divided
1 large yellow onion, diced
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 c sliced mushrooms
4 T all-purpose flour
1 1/3 c beef stock
1 t yellow mustard
1 T Worcestershire sauce
2 t red pepper flakes
1/3 c sour cream
3 oz cream cheese
salt and pepper to taste
Egg Noodles

Directions:
Trim chuck of fat and cut into strips 1/2-inch by 2-inches.  Marinate in wine, salt and pepper for 10 minutes.
In large skillet over medium heat, add olive oil.  Remove beef from wine and dry with paper towel.  Save wine.  Brown beef strips quickly and remove to a plate.
Pour off excess fat in pan and melt 2 T butter over medium heat.  Add the onions, garlic, and a pinch of salt and cook slowly for 3-5 minutes.  Don't burn garlic.  Place cooked onions and garlic on plate with beef strips.
Melt 2 T butter in pan and add mushrooms over medium heat.  Cook for 10 minutes and remove to a separate plate.
Melt 4 T butter and add flour to the butter.  Stir the roux for 4 minutes until raw flour taste is gone.  Slowly pour beef stock into roux and bring to a boil stirring constantly.  Lower the heat and stir in saved wine, mustard, Worcestershire sauce and red pepper flakes.  Add meat and onions, cover and simmer for 1 hour or until the meat is tender.  Taste for seasoning.
Five minutes before serving, stir in mushrooms, sour cream, and cream cheese.  Taste again for seasoning.
Serve over cooked egg noodles.

Submitter: 
SANFRANCOOK
Description: 
A rich, creamy beef stroganoff.  This recipe uses a roux to create a beef gravy that is then thickened with sour cream AND cream cheese.  A little bit of zip is added using pepper flakes.  Serve this over egg noodles.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
85 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
