URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62661115/cioppino-rainforth/
Title:
Cioppino Rainforth Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/592052.jpg
Ingredients:
1 fennel bulb, stalks discarded and bulb chopped
1 medium onion, chopped
5 garlic cloves, minced
2 bay leaves
1 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled
1½  teaspoons dried thyme
¼  cup finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley
½   teaspoon dried hot red-pepper flakes
3 tablespoons fresh basil leaves, chopped or 1½ tablespoons dried
1½  teaspoons kosher salt, and more for seasoning
½  teaspoon black pepper
¼  cup olive oil
1 green bell pepper, cut into ¼ -inch dice
2 tablespoons tomato paste
1½  cups dry red wine
1 (28 ounce) can whole plum tomatoes
1 (28 ounce) can crushed tomatoes
1 cup bottled clam juice
1 (14.5 ounce) can chicken broth or fish stock
1 (1-pound) king crab leg, thawed if frozen or 1 pound crab meat pieces
2 pounds cultivated mussels, scrubbed and de-bearded
1 pound skinless fillets of thick white-fleshed fish such as halibut or pollack, cut into 1½ inch chunks
1 pound medium shrimp (21 to 24), shelled and deveined
3/4 pound sea scallops, tough muscle removed from side if necessary

Directions:
Cook fennel, bell pepper, onions, bay leaves, oregano, basil (if dried), and red pepper flakes with salt and pepper in oil in an 8-quart heavy pot over moderate heat, stirring, until onions are softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in garlic and tomato paste and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add wine and boil until reduced by about half, 5 to 6 minutes. Add tomatoes with their juice and slightly crush, then clam juice and chicken broth and simmer, covered, 30 minutes.
While stew is simmering, if using, cut crab leg through shell into 2- to 3-inch pieces with a large heavy knife. Add crab pieces and mussels to stew and simmer, covered, until mussels just open, checking after 5 minutes and transferring opened mussels to a bowl with tongs or a slotted spoon. (Discard any unopened mussels after 10 minutes.) Lightly season fish fillets, shrimp, and scallops with salt and add to stew (with crab meat pieces, if using), then simmer, covered, until just cooked through, about 5 minutes. Discard bay leaves, gently stir in parsley and fresh basil (if using), then return mussels to pot.
Serve immediately in large soup bowls and garnish with fresh basil leaves or fennel leaves and serve with sourdough bread.

Submitter: 
WISEREADER
Description: 
A magnificent seafood stew, with Portuguese and Italian roots. The presentation is beautiful, making this a meal for any occasion.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
