URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62661472/quesadilla-explosion-salad/
Title:
Quesadilla Explosion Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 ounces bagged salad mix
1 vegetarian chicken patty (such as Morningstar)
1 serving Chipotle Ranch Dressing (see below)
1 packet ranch dressing mix
1 cup 2% milk
1 cup non-fat Greek yogurt
1 tsp chipotle peppers in adobo sauce
1 serving Citrus Balsamic Vinaigrette (see below)
1/4 cup orange juice
2 Tbsp balsamic vinegar
2 Tbsp Splenda
1/2 tsp orange zest
pinch of nutmeg
1 serving Sweet Potato Strips (see below)
1/4 medium sweet potato, washed, sliced thinly (1/16") and cut into strips
nonstick cooking spray
1/4 tsp salt(optional)
1 serving Cheese Quesadilla (see below)
1 ounce shredded low fat colby jack cheese
1 Mission Carb Balance Whole Wheat Fajita Sized Tortilla
1 serving Roasted Corn and Black Bean Salsa (see below)
2 ears of corn, roasted, kernels removed from cob (about 2 cups kernels)
1 cup black beans, rinsed (if you make your own use little salt and no fat)
1 medium red bell pepper, roasted, peeled, seeded and chopped
1 jalapeno pepper, roasted, peeled, seeded, de-veined and chopped
1/4 red onion, chopped
juice of 1 lime
salt to taste
1/2 cup cilantro, chopped

Directions:
Prepare Sweet Potato Strips:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit. Lightly spray strips with nonstick cooking spray, then dust with salt (optional). Place in a single layer on a cookie sheet and bake in oven for 20 minutes. Stir and turn the strips halfway through.
Allow to cool. They will crisp up a bit more after they come out of the oven (makes 1 serving)
Prepare Roasted Corn Salsa-
Add peppers, corn, and black beans to a bowl, then squeeze in lime juice and add salt. Give it a stir and add the cilantro. (Makes 8 1/2 cup servings--you'll have plenty leftover.)
Prepare dressings.
To make Chipotle Ranch Dressing:
Add milk and yogurt to ranch dressing mix. Stir in chipotle and store in refrigerator. (Makes 16 1 ounce servings.)
To make Citrus Balsamic Vinaigrette:
Place all ingredients in a saucepan, then cook over low heat for one minute. Cool and refrigerate. (Makes 1 serving.)
To make quesadilla:
Place cheese on half of the tortilla and fold over.
Spray the tortilla with nonstick cooking spray and cook in a sautepan heated over medium-high. Cook one minute on each side, or until cheese is melted. Cut into 4 wedges(makes 1 serving).
Prepare veggie "chicken" patty per package directions and slice into strips.
Place 6 ounces salad mix on plate, top with "chicken" strips, roasted corn and black bean salsa and sweet potato strips.
Place cut quesadilla around the edge of the plate.
Drizzle salad with dressings.

Submitter: 
droach3
Description: 
Oh, Quesadilla Explosion Salad! How I love you! 
I have eaten plenty of these at Chili's and was Oh so surprised! to see it listed as #2 on the 10 worst restaurant salads! Number T-O-O! Too much fat, Too many calories, Too many points!

It's a salad! How can it be so bad for you?

Something had to be done! This is my response. I have also created recipes for the various ingredients used in this salad. They are named as they appear in the list of ingredients. Feel free to use them or your own. Beware the nutrition data of this salad will change if you use another version.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
