URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62668300/rich-and-creamy-leche-flan/
Title:
Rich and Creamy Leche Flan Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1027039.jpg
Ingredients:
3/4 cup sugar
1.25 oz. water
5 eggyolks
2 eggs
1 (14 oz) can condensed milk
1 (12 oz) evaporated milk
1 tbsp. vanilla

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 300 degrees.
In a medium saucepan, combine 3/4 sugar and water. Stir over low heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat to medium and cook, without stirring until syrup turns deep amber swirling the pan occasionally, about 10 minutes. Quickly pour the caramel in the pan/mold and manipulate the dish until the caramel is evenly covered on the bottom. Set aside to cool and harden.
In a blender, pour the rest of the ingredients and blend well. Scoop out most of the bubbles. Important step: Slowly strain it through a cheesecloth (regular mesh strainer lined with cheesecloth) or a double mesh strainer into the pan/mold. Use a silicone spatula or the back of a ladle to push the flan through.
Place the pan/mold in a large roasting pan and fill the surrounding area with hot water until it reaches up to the same height as the flan mixture.
Bake for 45 minutes. Insert with a knife to make sure it comes out clean. Set flan pan/mold aside to cool comeplety before refridgerating it overnight (covered with foil or saran wrap).
To unmold the flan, simply run a knife around the sides, place an upside down serving platter over the flan then invert really quick!

Submitter: 
moaa
Description: 
Let me tell you, I have tried many flan recipes.  I finally found the correct way to make a flan. The extra step in straining your flan mixture is the key for  no weeps.  I use 8-9 inch round pan. Sometimes I would use a nice oval baking dish and don't invert. Just cut them in squares and let them swim with all that caramel sauce in the bottom.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
60
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
