URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62676361/kims-roasted-veggie-chili/
Title:
Kim's Roasted Veggie Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 large yellow onion, chopped
2 teaspoon ground cumin
2 teaspoons red pepper flakes
2 tablespoons dried oregano
½  tablespoon salt
1 teaspoon black pepper
1 stalks celery, chopped
1 green bell peppers, chopped
1 red bell pepper, chopped
5 stalks asparagus, chopped
2 cups cherry tomatoes
½ small eggplant
1 cup sliced mushrooms
2 jalapeno peppers, chopped
3 cloves garlic, chopped
2 bay leaves
1 (12 ounce) packages vegetarian burger crumbles
2 (28 ounce) cans whole peeled tomatoes, halved and
crushed
1/4 cup chili powder
1 (15 ounce) can kidney beans, drained
1 (15 ounce) can garbanzo beans, drained
1 (15 ounce) can black beans
1 (15 ounce) can whole kernel corn
1 cup beer
½ cup sour cream
1 cup shredded pepper jack cheese

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 450°F. Toss together mushrooms, asparagus, eggplant, peppers, onion, oil, garlic, salt and red pepper flakes in large roasting pan. Roast 30 minutes, or until mushrooms and onions begin to brown, stirring occasionally to prevent sticking.
2. Transfer vegetables to large pot. Add beer to roasting pan, stirring to scrape off any stuck-on bits from bottom of pan. Empty contents of roasting pan into pot with veggies. Add cherry tomatoes, bay leaves, and veggie burger crumbles. Reduce heat, cover pot, and simmer for 10 minutes, stirring often.
3. Add canned tomatoes to the pot and season with oregano, chili powder, pepper, and salt. Stir in beans and let simmer for 30 minutes.
4. Remove bay leaves. Add canned corner and simmer for 10 minutes. Serve topped with shredded cheese and a dollop of sour cream.

Submitter: 
Kimberly Kays
Description: 
This is a great vegetarian chili that packs a little punch. It's loaded with veggies and the frozen veggie crumbs add a nice meaty texture. Add more red pepper flakes to give it more spice. Double the recipe and snack on this great chili for weeks.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 min
Ready in:
1 hr 45 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
