URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62676952/award-winning-competition-barbecue-pork-butt-recipe/
Title:
Award Winning Competition Barbecue Pork Butt Recipe Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (8-pound) pork butt
Directions
4 cups wood chips, soaked in water for 1 hour
Brine, recipe follows
Garlicky Marinade, recipe follows
Dry Rub, recipe follows
Mop Spray, recipe follows
Barbeque Sauce, recipe follows
Brine:
1 cup apple juice
1/2 cup water
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
1 tablespoon salt
1 tablespoon granulated sugar
Garlicky Barbecue Marinade:
1/2 cup onion, chopped
1/4 cup water
1/4 cup Worcestershire sauce
3 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon garlic, coarsely chopped
2 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce
Dry Rub:
1/2 cup dark brown sugar
1/2 cup sweet paprika
1/4 cup kosher salt
1/4 cup chili powder
1/4 cup dry mustard
1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper
2 tablespoons crab boil seasoning (recommended: Old Bay)
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
Cider Mop Spray:
1 cup apple juice
1 cup water
1/4 cup cider vinegar
Barbecue Sauce:
2 tablespoons canola oil
1/2 cup smoked bacon, cut into rectangles about 1-inch long and 1/2-inch wide
1/2 cup sweet (Vidalia or Maui) onion, minced
5 cloves garlic, minced
1 teaspoon onion powder
1 teaspoon garlic powder
2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
1/2 cup dark brown sugar
1/2 cup water
1 cup tomato ketchup
1/4 cup yellow mustard
1/2 cup honey
1/2 cup apricot preserves
1/4 cup apple juice
Cider vinegar

Directions:
Preheat a charcoal grill to 225 degrees F. Carefully edge the coals to 1 side and then add 1/2 cup drained wood chips. Place 1 cup of water in metal drip pan on opposite side.
Inject the pork butt with brine about every 2-inches and then rub with marinade and dust with dry rub. Place the pork on the grill, directly over the drip pan and cook. Be sure to replenish the coals as the temperatures drops, the chips as the smoke dissipates and the water in the drip pan.
After 6 hours, spray the pork with cider mop every half hour. Cook until a thermometer placed into the thickest part of pork reaches 195 degrees F. Transfer to a platter, brush with the sauce and let rest 30 minutes. To serve, slice into 1/2-pound servings, place on plates and serve with extra sauce alongside.
Heat the oil in a saucepan set over medium heat. Add the bacon and cook until browned and crispy, about 4 minutes. Reduce the heat to low and add the onion, garlic, onion power, garlic powder, black pepper, and cloves. Cook for about 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Add the sugar and water and then bring to a simmer. Stir in the ketchup, mustard, honey, preserves and juice and then simmer for 20 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and season with the vinegar. Remove the bacon with a spider and discard. Puree the mixture with a hand blender and then cool and reserve for later use.

Submitter: 
popi1950
Description: 
This recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. Food Network Kitchens have not tested this recipe in the proportions indicated and therefore cannot make representation as to the results.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
