URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62671146/banana-split-cheesecake/
Title:
Banana Split Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/596723.jpg
Ingredients:
For the crust:
1-1/2 cups finely crushed graham crackers
2 tablespoons granulated sugar
1/4 cup butter or margarine, melted
For the filling:
3-8oz. packages of cream cheese, softened
3/4 cup granulated sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 cup sour cream
4 eggs
1 cup very ripe mashed banana (about 2 medium)
1/2 cup mini chocolate chips
1/2 cup maraschino cherries, drained, dried and chopped
For the garnish:
Strawberry ice cream topping, as needed
Pineapple ice cream topping, as needed
Chocolate syrup, as needed
Whipped cream, as needed
Additional maraschino cherries, optional

Directions:
Heat oven to 325 degrees. Wrap outside bottom of a 9-inch springform pan with foil and spray pan lightly with non-stick cooking spray.
In a small bowl, mix all crust ingredients.
Press into bottom of pan.
Bake 8-10 minutes, until just set.
Cool crust 10 minutes.
Reduce oven temperature to 300 degrees.
In a large bowl, beat cream cheese, granulated sugar, and vanilla with an electric mixer on medium speed until smooth.
Beat in sour cream.
Beat in eggs, one at a time, until blended.
Beat in mashed bananas.
Fold in mini chocolate chips and chopped cherries.
Bake at 300 degrees about 30-40 minutes, until edge of cheesecake is set, but center still jiggles slightly when moved (bake longer if needed).
Turn oven off and leave the cheesecake in there about 3 hours.
Remove from oven and run a knife around the edge to loosen from the sides.
Cover and refrigerate at least 6 hours or overnight.
Remove sides of pan.
Cut to serve, topping with garnish ingredients as desired.
Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Christina
Description: 
I had a hankering for cheesecake and 2 very ripe bananas to use...this recipe was born! This is a very rich, creamy, sweet and dense cheesecake, not for the faint of heart.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
