URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62677240/whole-wheat-pasta/
Title:
Whole Wheat Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 3/4 cup white whole wheat flour
1 tsp salt
3 eggs
1 tsp olive oil
8 TBLS water

Directions:
In mixer bowl add flour and salt.  In small bowl stir eggs &amp; olive oil together, add all at once to flour and give a quick stir to somewhat combine.  Turn mixer on med-high and add water one tablespoon at a time.   Continue to mix on med/high until it comes together into a ball, then reduce speed to about 2, knead for 10 minutes.
Note: Don&#8217;t be tempted to add more water, it takes a few minutes to come together into a ball, just be patient and keep the mixer on med/high until it does.  If you add extra water it will be too wet after it comes together.
Divide into about 4 balls and put in wrap in plastic wrapt, or put in a zip lock and press out all the air, let rest at room temp for 30 minutes.
I roll out using a pasta machine. It will be sticky, dust with flour before first roll or two.  I use this recipe for Spaghetti, fettuccini, lasagna, and raviolis.  Typically I make the same day I am using, which means it is hanging, but not all the way dry yet, so it cooks faster then if you dry overnight.  I bring water (season water with salt and olive oil) to a gentle boil and cook to desired texture.  I find 4-5 minutes is good.  I cook the lasagne a little less, but still make sure to cook it, as it does cook off any starchy/flour taste that you can get when you don't cook your lasange noodles ahead.
I store extra pasta in the fridge and use the same week, if you dry completely you can store in pantry and use over a couple weeks.

Submitter: 
Ruth Jones
Description: 
I use King Arthur's 100% white whole wheat flour. It has all fiber, nutrition and health benefits of traditional whole wheat flour.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 hr
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
