URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62672635/3-cheese-macaroni-with-bacon-onion-and-tomato/
Title:
3 Cheese Macaroni with Bacon, Onion and Tomato Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/597156.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups  Elbow Macaroni, uncooked
¾ cup   medium cheddar cheese, shredded
1 cup   smoked gouda cheese, shredded
½ cup   Parmigiano-Romano cheese, shredded
4 slices bacon, diced
4       green onion, chopped
½ cup   sliced grape tomatoes or ¼ cup canned diced tomatoes with liquid squeezed out
1 cup   chicken broth
1 cup   milk
2 Tbls  butter
2 Tbls  flour
1 tsp   paprika
pinch of cayenne pepper
¼ cup   seasoned bread crumbs
Freshly grated nutmeg

Directions:
Put a large pot of water on to boil for pasta.
Take a couple of Tbls of each cheese and combine with bread crumbs in a small bowl, set aside.
In a medium frying pan over medium heat, cook bacon until crisp. Remove bacon and most of the drippings, leavin about 2 Tbls in pan. Add green onions and tomatoes to pan, cook until onions are soft and tomatoes have burst and are soft. If using canned tomatoes, cook until onions are soft. Add bacon to pan, remove from heat and set aside.
Pasta water should be boiling by now, so add pasta to boiling salted water and cook according to package directions.
In a medium sauce pan, melt butter over low heat. Whisk in flour, paprika and cayenne pepper and cook 1 minute. Turn up heat to medium and add chicken stock; then milk while whisking. Continue cooking until slightly thickened, stirring often. When thickened, remove from heat and stir in cheeses a handful at a time. Stir to melt cheese. Do not worry if it is not completely smooth. After cheese is stirred in; add some fresh grated nutmeg, salt and pepper.
Drain pasta (do not rinse) and put back into pot. Add bacon mixture and cheese sauce. Stir to combine then pour into 2 qt cassarole dish. (I spray mine with Pam) Top with cheese/breadcrumb mixture and bake for 5- 10 minutes at 500° F until top is nicely browned.

Submitter: 
alainem
Description: 
This is my version of a Rachel Ray recipe. I have changed it up to my families tastes and to what I usually have on hand in my pantry and fridge.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
