URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62675242/favorite-dark-chocolate-chip-scones/
Title:
Favorite Dark Chocolate Chip Scones Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 1/4 cups whole wheat pastry flour
1/2 to 2/3  cup sugar (per your taste- I like mine slightly sweeter)
1 Tablespoon + 1 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 cups (12-oz) package dark chocolate chips
2 cups cold heavy whipping cream
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 Tablespoons butter, melted
2 Tablespoons granular sugar

Directions:
1. Heat oven to 375 degrees. Line baking sheet with nonstick baking mat or parchment
2. Stir together flour, 2/3 cup sugar, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. Then and and mix in chocolate chips.
3. Combine whipping cream and vanilla in small bowl and then stir.
4. Add cream and vanilla mixture into flour mixture, stirring just until ingredients are moistened.
5. Dump out onto lightly floured surface and knead gently until soft dough forms (about 2 minutes).
6. Divide dough into three equal sized balls. One ball at a time, flatten into 7-inch circle or approximately ; cut each circle into 8 triangles.
7. Transfer triangles to prepared baking sheets, spacing 2 inches apart. Brush with melted butter and sprinkle with granular sugar.
(At this point, the scones can be frozen on the baking sheet until outside is slightly firm (20-30 minutes) and then placed into airtight container or freezer bag for later use.  Bake without defrosting, just add a couple more minutes to the time.)
5. Bake 15 to 18 minutes or until edges are lightly browned. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Heather Lapp Cresmen
Description: 
These are crunchy on the outside and tender in the middle.  Using whole wheat pastry flour is nice and gives a wonderful texture without sacrificing the flavor.  Its quick, easy, and they may be frozen and then baked later.  This provides a nice warm scone any morning for breakfast.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
