URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62678698/blackened-salmon-lasagna/
Title:
Blackened Salmon Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 pounds salmon fillet, cut into 1/4-inch thick medallions, cutting from top to bottom
2 tablespoons Cajun spice
4 tablespoons grapeseed oil, divided
1/4 cup white wine (suggested: chardonnay)
1/2 cup small diced yellow onions
2 tablespoons minced garlic
Nonstick cooking spray
16 whole wheat lasagna noodles, cooked
2 cups fresh spinach
2 cups nonfat cottage cheese
2 cups plus 3 tablespoons low-fat mozzarella
12 fresh basil leaves
1/2 cup goat cheese
2 cups sliced Roma tomatoes
1/4 cup grated Parmesan
2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley
2 tablespoons minced fresh chives
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.
Lay the salmon medallions on a flat surface and dust both sides evenly with Cajun spice.
In a saucepan over high heat, heat 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil to the verge of smoking, then add the salmon medallions. Reduce the heat to medium, cook for 2 minutes, flip the fish with a spatula, then repeat the process on the second side. Once the salmon is cooked on both sides, remove the pan from the heat, remove the salmon from the pan, and allow the fish to rest on a plate. Return the pan to the heat for 1 minute over medium-high heat, then add the white wine, scraping down the sides of the pan (thus deglazing the pan). Allow the wine to cook off, then add the remaining 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil. Once the oil has heated, add the onions and garlic and continue to cook until the onions are semi-translucent, 7 to 8 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and place the onions in a small bowl.
Spray the bottom of a 10 x 10-inch casserole dish evenly with nonstick spray. Add 4 strips of noodles to cover the bottom of the dish, trimming any excess from the edges. Add half the onions, then 1/3 of the cooked salmon to cover the noodles. Scatter the spinach and half the cottage cheese and mozzarella. Place another layer of noodles, salmon, basil, and goat cheese. Add a third layer of noodles, and add the remaining onions, salmon, spinach, cottage cheese, and mozzarella.
Top with a final layer of noodles, sliced tomatoes and evenly sprinkle with the remaining 3 tablespoons mozzarella, Parmesan, parsley, and chives and bake for 18 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to rest for 10 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
biz_kid1
Description: 
Original recipe from Robert Irvine as seen on The View (theview.abc.go.com) 2/25/2011
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
