URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62678244/fried-chile-rellenos/
Title:
Fried Chile Rellenos Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/599946.jpg
Ingredients:
6 - Fresh: Poblano, Ancho, Pasilla or Anaheim Chiles.
4 - Eggs (separated.)
1 Cup of Flour.
2 Cups of Vegetable Oil (or enough to cover 1" deep bottom of skillet or pan.)
8 Ounces - Queso Fresco Cheese - 1/2" x 2" cubed slice (you can substitute with Jack cheese.)
12 -Toothpicks.
Handful of Fresh Cilantro to Garnish
Sauce of your choice

Directions:
1. Rinse chiles. Roast to remove skins: Either place over open flame one at a time with tongs on your gas burner (if you are experienced with this method) or place chiles on a foil lined 9 x 14&quot; baking dish and place on the top shelf of your oven to broil. Watch and listen closely. When the skins start to make popping sounds and char and turn black in places, take the chiles out and flip them over. Repeat until all sides are charred and the skins have bubbled up. Remove them from the oven, place them all inside one plastic bag and close, allowing the chiles to &quot;sweat&quot; in the bag for seven minutes. This will help the skins slide off.
2. Remove chiles from plastic bag and carefully peel removing all bits of the skin, do your best not to tear the chiles. Carefully slice open one side of the chile and run your finger down to gently push out seeds and stem. Rinsing in cold water may be helpful. Don't panic, your chile should be completely open now and one flat piece. 3. Place cube cheese inside the open pepper and roll it up like sushi so that the cheese is covered and not hanging out the sides, you may have to break off a piece of the cheese to make fit. 4. Dump flour onto a dry plate. One at a time, take your wet, rolled peppers and gently roll them into the flour mix for an even coating and put aside. Place two toothpicks, one at each end, of each pepper to help hold together. 5. Whisk your egg whites until moderately stiff. Mix in the egg yolks and a pinch of salt to taste. 6. Heat oil in pan 1&quot; deep. Take floured pepper rolls, dip them, one at a time, into the egg mix to fully coat and gently place into oil to fry. Fry first side until golden brown, turn over with tongs and fry the other side. You should only turn once.
7. Drain on paper towels. Remove toothpicks.

Submitter: 
Tammi Sutton
Description: 
The chile relleno, literally stuffed chile, is a dish of Mexican cuisine that originated in the city of Puebla. It consists of a roasted fresh poblano pepper (a mild chile pepper named after the city of Puebla) sometimes substituted with non-traditional Anaheim or Pasilla chile pepper. This makes an excellent meal paired with a side of rice and beans, traditionally served with red sauce, however, I love it with mole sauce instead. In Mexico, the undisputed national sauce is mole, an intoxicating blend of chocolate, chiles, garlic, onions and nuts and so much more.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 - 20 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
