URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62672619/italian-baked-cannelloni/
Title:
Italian Baked Cannelloni Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup olive oil
1 pound lean ground turkey
1 onion, thinly sliced
1/4 teaspoon dried sage
1/4 teaspoon dried rosemary
salt to taste
1/2 cup white wine
8 ounces mozzarella cheese, cubed
1 egg yolks
4 tablespoons butter
4 tablespoons all-purpose flour
2 cups skim milk
2 (26 oz) jars marinara sauce
12 cannelloni pasta shells

Directions:
To make the Cannelloni Filling: In a large skillet over medium heat, warm oil and saute ground turkey with the onion, sage and rosemary; cook until meat is evenly browned and crumbly; drain fat. Add salt and 1/2 cup white wine; cook until wine is evaporated.
To make the Bechamel sauce:  Melt 4 tablespoons butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat.  Add flour and stir until well incorporated. Stir in milk and bring to a slow boil until mixture thickens.   Stir into the meat mixture and mix well.  Stir in the mozzarella and egg yolk; set aside.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add pasta, a few at a time, and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; using a slotted spoon, remove immediately to a pot filled with cold water. Lift pasta out with slotted spoon and arrange on a flat surface.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Spoon a line of filling into each shell, starting from one end and using your finger to push the filling inside of each shell. In a 9x13 inch baking dish, place cannelloni and cover with tomato sauce.
Bake in preheated oven for 15 minutes or until heated through; when finished baking, allow to stand for 5 minutes and serve.

Submitter: 
Michelle 'Root' Starbuck
Description: 
This is a very special old Italian dish that warms your stomach, as well as your heart. It is a labor of love, but worth every bite! For a different taste, you can use a combination of ground beef and ground pork.Modified from: Italian Baked Cannelloni
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
