URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62672967/tender-pork-spare-ribs/
Title:
Tender Pork Spare Ribs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup brown sugar
1/2 cup Fiesta Fajita Seasoning (the one with tenderizer)
2 tablespoons Hungarian sweet paprika
2 slabs (about 4 pounds each) pork spare ribs (trimmed)
1 cup beer
3 cloves of minced garlic
3 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
1 tablespoon honey
1 tablespoon of prepared mustard
Some of your favorite BBQ sauce warmed up (optional)

Directions:
Mix first 3 ingredients together. Rub on both sides of each rack of ribs, using entire mixture. Place in a 13x9 dish (you'll have to fold the tips in and lay them on top of each other). Cover and let marinate in the refrigerator overnight.
Preheat Oven to 250 degrees. Combine your braising liquid; beer, garlic, Worcestershire, honey, and mustard. Tear off 2 large pieces of Heavy Duty tin foil, and lay them shiny side down. Place each rack of ribs on each piece of foil, meaty side up. Tear out 2 more same size pieces of foil and place on top of each rib, shiny side up. Begin sealing each rib packet in the foil (you don't want your drippings to leak out) and before you completely seal it up, pour all your beer mixture onto each rib. Then finish sealing packets. Place them on a broiling or baking pan and lay side by side. Place in oven and let cook (braise) for 3 1/2 to 4 hours (this will depend on the size of your spare ribs and your desired tenderness).
When finished cooking, carefully drain your very hot drippings into a large pan (sometimes one packet may be enough). Simmer on the stove just until sauce is beginning to thicken. Brush desired amount of sauce on each rack of ribs.(If you're wanting to use BBQ sauce you can pour it down the center of each rack of ribs at this time) Place under broiler until sauce is lightly caramelized. This won't take long so don't walk away. Just keep an eye on it.
Enjoy as they are, or serve with your favorite BBQ sauce on the side!

Submitter: 
Kerri Jaggers
Description: 
I saw a Celebrity Chef use this braising method for baby back ribs, so I decided to give it a try for pork spare ribs. I changed the seasonings and increased the cooking time and I have been very pleased with them every time. They're really tender and the meat is so flavorful that you don't have to add BBQ sauce unless you want to. My neighbor is the one who told me about the fajita seasoning, and she was right on!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
12 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
