URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62673095/aunt-honeys-braised-breaded-pork-chops-with-gravy/
Title:
Aunt Honey's Braised Breaded Pork Chops with Gravy Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/597415.jpg
Ingredients:
1 Egg Beaten with milk
Italian Bread Crumbs
1/4 cup Parmesan cheese
3 slices Bacon cut into small pieces
4 - 6 Medium sized Pork Chops (with bone)
1 medium Shallot
1/2 cup chopped Celery (diced)
1 small onion diced
3 tablespoons butter
2 tablespoons Olive Oil
2/3 cup Dry white wine or Vermouth
2/3 cup Chicken Stock
1 Tablespoon Flour
Salt and Pepper to Taste

Directions:
Soak the Pork chops in the Egg and milk mixture until completely covered.  (Add more egg or liquid if necessary for size and number of chops).
Add the parmesan cheese into bread crumb mixture and dredge pork chops completely covering both sides.
In an Oven Proof Skillet or Dutch Oven, sauté half of the bacon (set aside other half of bacon until later) on medium-low heat until fat has dissolved and bacon is browned but not crisp. reserving the other half of the bacon for later)
Add 1 Tablespoon of butter and 1 tablespoon of olive oil to the bacon remnants in the pan.  When hot, add one or two chops at a time and brown evenly on each side.  Set Browned Pork chops aside.
Add the rest of the Butter and Olive oil (1 tablespoon each) to the hot pan with shallots, onion, remaining reserved uncooked bacon and the celery.  Cook together until the onion is translucent, then add 1 tablespoon of flour.  Stir and cook for two minutes to incorporate the flour.
Add Vermouth scrapping the bottom bits that are encrusted from the chops from the bottom and sides of the pan and then add the Chicken Stock.
Simmer for 3-5 minutes reducing the liquid by about 1/3rd.  Add Salt and Pepper to taste.
Add the Pork Chops back into the pan. It is okay to overlap them.  If desired, cut a few slices of onion and place on top of the chops. Cover the pan or Dutch oven and place into a 350 degree pre-heated oven. Bake for one hour.
Remove from oven and let rest for 5-10 minutes. Serve with the gravy over top of the pork chop if desired.
Serve with Potatoes, Rice, or Noodles.  Carrots also go well with this as a side dish.

Submitter: 
Brian E. Nahodil
Description: 
A Hearty Family Classic: Pork Chops, breaded and then seared and cooked slowly in the oven. The result is a tender, moist porkchop that your family or friends will ask for seconds.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
