URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62678464/essanayes-oatmeal-rolls/
Title:
Essanaye's Oatmeal Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/600035.jpg
Ingredients:
Bread:  2 cups water, 1 cup rolled oats (I use good ol' Quaker), 3 tbs butter, 3 3/4 to 4 3/4 cups all purpose flour, 1/4 cup sugar, 2 tsp salt, 2 pkg active dry yeast, 1 egg.
Topping (Parmesan Herb version) 1 tbs grated parmesan cheese, 1/2 tsp dried basil leaves, 1/4 tsp dried oregano leaves, 1/4 tsp garlic powder, 6 tbs melted butter.
(Cinnamon Sugar version) 3 tbs sugar, 2 tbs ground cinnamon, mixed well, 6 tbs melted butter

Directions:
in med saucepan, Bring water to boil and stir in oats.  Remove from heat and stir in 3 tbs butter. Allow mixture to cool to 120 degrees F.  In large bowl, combine 1.5 cups flour, salt, sugar, and yeast, mix well and then add rolled oats and egg, mix well until smooth (by hand, it takes me 2-3 minutes).  Start adding remainder of flour, 1/4 cup at a time, until workable by hand.  Knead dough on floured surface, working remaining flour necessary until smooth and elastic.  (I knead at least 5 minutes or more as I work the dough to the consistency I'm looking for).  Form into ball, and cover dough with bowl and allow to rest 15 minutes.  Grease 13x9 inch baking pan.  Punch dough down  to remove all air bubbles.  Press dough evenly into baking pan.  Using very sharp knife, cut diagonal lines, (spaced 1.5 inches apart) through the dough, cutting completely through the dough.  Repeat the opposite direction creating a diamond pattern.  Cover with greased plastic wrap and towel, allow to rise in warm place for about 45 minutes, or until doubled.  Preheat oven to 375 F.  Uncover dough and re-establish the cuts with the tip of a sharp knife, poking down until the knife hits the bottom of the pan, but do not pull knife through dough.  While doing this step, you will notice the dough will fall as you go.  I take this opportunity to even things out, and realign any rows that have strayed.  Brush about 1/2 of the butter onto the top of the rolls and bake for 15 minutes.  After 15 minutes, brush remaining butter onto the top, and sprinkle the topping mixture evenly over the top.  Bake additional 10-15 minutes, until tops are golden brown.  Get out of the way when these are served, there will likely be a stampede!

Submitter: 
Essanaye
Description: 
These are always a big hit whenever they are served.  I make two versions of these:  Parmesan Herb, and Cinnamon Sugar.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 1/2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
