URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62676448/north-carolina-style-bbq-pulled-pork-sandwiches/
Title:
North Carolina-Style BBQ Pulled-Pork Sandwiches Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/599086.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (8-pound) bone-in pork shoulder, with skin
1 head garlic, separated into cloves and peeled
3/4 cup Memphis Shake, recipe follows
5 cups apple or other wood chips, soaked in water for at least 30 minutes and drained
2 batches North Carolina-Style Vinegar BBQ Sauce, recipe follows
8 to 10 soft hamburger rolls
Dill pickles

Directions:
Make small holes all over the pork shoulder with a thin sharp knife and stuff in garlic cloves. Rub the meat all over with the Memphis Shake; cover and refrigerate overnight.
Prepare an outdoor grill with an indirect medium-hot fire with a mix of briquettes and hardwood charcoal in half of the grill. Set grate over coals. Place pork, skin side up, in an aluminum pan with about 1 1/2 cups water on the cooler side of the grate. Toss 1 cup of the soaked and drained wood chips onto the coals and cover the grill, making sure the lid's vents are directly over pork.
When the coals cool to medium-low heat, preheat a chimney-full of hot briquettes and hardwood charcoal. Whenever smoke stops coming out of the vents, about every hour, add more hot coals and 1 cup of soaked and drained wood chips to the fire. The goal is to maintain a medium-heat, smoky fire (but don't worry if it is hotter when the coals are added and cooler while preheating the coals). Rotate the pork when you add coals so it cooks evenly. Cook the meat until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the pork registers 180 degrees F, about 6 hours.
Set aside 1 quart of the North Carolina-Style Vinegar BBQ Sauce. Once the pork reaches 180 degrees F, begin mopping the entire surface of the meat every 20 minutes with some of the remaining sauce and the pan drippings. Continue to cook the pork, covering the grill between mopping, until an instant-read thermometer registers 200 degrees F, about 1 to 2 hours more.

Submitter: 
popi1950
Description: 
Cook's Note: Toss the extra sauce with shredded cabbage, or you can serve it on the side for those who want more spice. Use leftover pork for nachos.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
