URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62670752/jans-buckeye-stuffed-cupcakes/
Title:
Jan's Buckeye Stuffed Cupcakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/596559.jpg
Ingredients:
For the cupcakes:
2 cups of flour
3/4 cup cocoa powder
2 teaspoons baking powder
1 cup milk (I generally use soy or almond milk)
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 cups white sugar
2 teaspoons baking soda
1/2 cup oil
1 cup brewed coffee
2 large eggs
For the buckeye ball filling:
3/4 cup powdered sugar
3/4 cup peanut butter
2 tablespoons soft butter
2 teaspoon vanilla
1/4 teaspoon salt
For the frosting:
3/4 cup chocolate chips
3 tablespoons unsalted butter
1 tablespoon corn syrup

Directions:
In a mixer bowl cream together the peanut butter, margarine,salt and vanilla.
Add powdered sugar and continue to mix until all the sugar is incorporated.
Divide filling into 36 portions and roll into balls.  Place in the freezer for 30 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Place 24 cupcake liners in cupcake pans.
Place all cake ingredients into a mixing bowl. Beat on low speed until all ingredients are well incorporated.  Batter will be on the thin side.
Pour batter into prepared pans 2/3 full. I use an ice cream scoop for even distribution.
Place a peanut butter ball in each cupcake.
Bake in the preheated oven for about 20 minutes, or until top is springy and center is set.
Allow to cool completely.
In a small sauce pan or double boiler, combine chocolate chips, butter and corn syrup.
Stir chocolate mixture until melted and smooth.  Use a low heat setting so as not to burn the chocolate!
Dip cupcake tops in melted chocolate and place on a cookie sheet.
Once all cupcakes have been dipped, cut remaining peanut butter balls in half and place one half on each cupcake.
Refrigerate 30 minutes to set up.

Submitter: 
What's for dinner, mom?
Description: 
Rich, dark chocolate cupcakes with a creamy buckeye filling and topped with a satiny, fudge frosting.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
