URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62672205/tex-mex-beef-fajita-burger/
Title:
Tex Mex Beef Fajita Burger Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb marinated fajita meat, skirt steak or flank steak (see marinade recipe below)
1 TBL Fajita Seasoning
4 good quality hamburger or torta buns
1-1/2 onions, sliced
2 TBL butter or margarine
1-1/2 cups shredded lettuce
1 cup Pico De Gallo
1/2 cup Guacamole
4 slices of Cheddar or Monterrey Jack cheese
1 tsp Black Pepper
Spicy Sweet Mayo from my Kickin Turkey Burger recipe
Salsa (optional)
Marinade by Michele:
1/4 cup Olive Oil
1/4 cup Soy Sauce
1/4 cup Balsamic Vinegar
2 TBL Worchestershire Sauce
1/8 cup Pineapple Juice
1 tsp Black Pepper
3 Garlic Cloves, minced
1 TBL Minced Onions
1/2 tsp Chipotle Chili Powder
1 tsp Cumin

Directions:
In a small bowl mix the marinade ingredients together.  Set aside.
Season the fajita meat with black pepper and fajita seasoning.
Please the fajita meat in a gallon size zip lock resealable bag and pour the marinade on top.  Seal it and refrigerate it for at least 3 hours.
Grill the marinated fajita meat to desired doneness.
Let it rest for about 10 minutes and then slice or chop into small pieces for the burgers.
Add about 2 TBL of oil into a skillet on medium heat.  Add sliced onions and saute until slightly carmelized.  Remove and set aside until burger assembly.
Spread margarine on the buns and place face down in a skillet on medium heat and heat until margarine is melted and bun is toasted with the butter.
Spread Spicy Sweet Mayo on buns.  Add the fajita meat.  Place the cheese slices on top.  Add the toppings:  sauteed onions, pico de gallo, lettuce, guacamole, salsa and top with the other bakery bun.
Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Occasional Cooker
Description: 
It is a great Tex Mex burger inspired by the original Ninfa's mexican restaurant (not the chain restaurant).  However, I changed it up to include my favorite fajita marinade, seasonings, and toppings.  This is a great recipe if you have leftover fajita meat.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
