URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62670013/mushroom-chicken-barley-risotto/
Title:
Mushroom Chicken Barley Risotto Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 large skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, sliced into 2 cutlets each
2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar
1 cup chicken stock
3 1/2 cups chicken/vegetable/mushroom stock
1 1/2 cups wine/water/stock
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 large chopped onion
1 clove garlic, minced
salt and pepper to taste
1 8oz package cremini mushrooms, sliced
1 cup 1% milk
1 cup pearl barley
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1/2 cup grated Romano cheese

Directions:
Place chicken breasts in a 2 quart saute pan with lid.  Add balsamic vinegar and turn to coat.  Add 1 cup chicken stock.  Cover and bring to simmer over medium heat, simmer 10-15 minutes until chicken is cooked through.  Remove chicken and reserve.
Strain poaching liquid &amp; return to same pan with additional 5 cups of liquid.  Cover and bring to simmer, keep covered over low heat.
Heat the olive oil in a large, heavy-bottomed chef's pan over medium-high heat. Add the onion and garlic; cook and stir until the onion begins to turn golden brown at the edges, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, then add mushrooms, cooking until mushrooms are tender. Add the milk and heat for 2 minutes. Stir in the barley. Reduce the heat to medium and stir in 1 cup of the simmering stock mixture.
Continue stirring until the barley has absorbed the liquid and turned creamy. Continue adding several ladels of stock at a time and stirring until absorbed.
Cut chicken into bite size pieces and stir into the risotto with the last additional of stock.  When finished, the barley should be tender, yet slightly firm, about 1 hour. Stir in the parsley, Parmesan cheese, and Romano cheese before serving.

Submitter: 
LARANEFF
Description: 
Traditional arborio rice is replaced by pearl barley in this creamy mock risotto.Modified from: Mushroom Chicken Barley Risotto
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
