URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62689581/noble-rots-macaroni-and-cheese/
Title:
Noble Rot's Macaroni and Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 cups whole milk
1 bay leaf
3 allspice berries
1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes
1 teaspoon kosher salt
4 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter
4 1/2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons Dijon mustard
1 1/2 cups grated extra-sharp white cheddar cheese
1/4 cup Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, plus more for topping
8 ounces macaroni, preferably corkscrew (cavatappi)
1/2 cup bread crumbs for topping

Directions:
In a medium heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium heat, combine the milk, bay leaf, allspice berries, red pepper flakes, and salt. Heat the milk just to a boil and set aside.
Meanwhile, in another heavy saucepan, melt the butter over low heat and whisk in the flour; cook for 5 minutes, stirring often. Do not brown. Remove from heat.
Add one cup of the hot milk to the flour mixture and whisk into a thick paste. Continue to incorporate the milk, 1 cup at a time, and whisk smooth after each addition. When all of the milk has been added, return the saucepan to medium-low heat and cook very gently until slightly thickened, at least 15 minutes. Scrape the bottom frequently; this sauce tends to scorch. Turn off the heat and add the mustard, the white cheddar, and the Parmigiano-Reggiano. Strain the sauce through a fine sieve, pressing with a rubber spatula. Adjust the taste with salt, mustard, and more cheese if desired.
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the macaroni and cook at a rolling boil for 5 minutes. The macaroni should remain firm. Drain the macaroni and combine with half of the cheese sauce. Turn the mixture into an 8-inch square baking dish. Ladle the rest of the sauce over the macaroni and top with bread crumbs and additional Parmigiano-Reggiano.
Bake in a preheated oven at 350 degrees for 25 minutes, or until hot. For a browned and bubbly finish, place the dish under the broiler, 4 inches from heat, until the top is brown and bubbly (about 3 minutes). Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
GoodGoneGirl
Description: 
This recipe was originally published in The Oregonian newspaper a few years back. It is a very rich grown-up version of an American classic. The recipe can be easily doubled and the sauce can be kept covered in the refrigerator for up to 5 days.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
