URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62682245/crab-cakes-with-speedy-roasted-red-pepper-sauce/
Title:
Crab Cakes with Speedy Roasted Red Pepper Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb lump crab meat
3 tbsp fresh parsley, finely chopped
3 green onions, finely chopped
1/2 red pepper, finely chopped
1 rib celery, finely chopped
2 garlic cloves, minced
1 tbsp Dijon mustard
1 cup panko bread crumbs
1/4 cup egg substitute
2 tbsp fresh lemon juice
1 tbsp Worcestershire sauce
Dash of Old Bay Seasoning
Salt and pepper
1 red bell pepper
2 tbsp capers
2 tsp dried tarragon
1 tbsp fresh lemon juice
1/2 Nasoya Nayonaise (vegan) or other light mayo
Salt and pepper

Directions:
Pick over crab meat, removing any shell pieces.
Combine parsley, green onions, red pepper, garlic, and celery and mix to combine.
Add panko bread crumbs and mix again.
Add the crab meat and gently mix until well combined.
In a small bowl, combine the lemon juice, egg substitute, Dijon mustard, Old Baby seasoning and Worcestershire. Whisk until smooth and pour over crab mixture.
With a rubber spatula, gently fold the liquid mixture into the crab mixture.
Form about 6 crab cakes, using about 1/2 for each. Place on a large baking sheet.
Freeze for about 1 hour.
Preheat oven to 425 (roast) and remove crab cakes from freezer.
Cut red bell pepper in half and remove seeds. Place skin side up on a lightly sprayed baking sheet.
Drizzle with evoo and sprinkle with salt and pepper.
Roast in the oven for 10 minutes. Remove from the oven.  (LEAVE ON and change to bake.)
Place in a zip lock bag, seal, and allow to cool.
Peel skin off of pepper. Cut into smaller pieces.
In the food processor, combine roasted red pepper, capers, tarragon, lemon juice, mayo, and a little salt.
Pulse until smooth. Set aside.
Heat oil in a large nonstick skillet over med-high heat. Cook two crab cakes at a time for about 3 minutes per side, or until lightly brown on both sides.
Place in the hot oven and cook for another 10 minutes.

Submitter: 
Sarah
Description: 
After reviewing many crab cake recipes, I had a number of ideas. I came up with this one-flavorful and fresh. Hope you enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h 10 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
