URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62686949/italian-easter-bread-anise-flavored/
Title:
Italian Easter Bread Anise Flavored Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/603800.jpg
Ingredients:
3  cups all-purpose flour, divided (1 c, 2 c)
1/4 cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1 (.25 ounce) package Rapid Rising active dry yeast
2/3 cup milk
1 teaspoon anise extract
2 tablespoons butter
2 eggs
For glaze:
1 egg
Nonpareils (optional)

Directions:
In a medium bowl, combine 1 cup flour, sugar, salt and yeast; stir well.
Create flour well with remaining 2 cups of flour.
In a small saucepan, combine milk, anise extract, and butter; using a thermometer, heat until milk is warm (120 degrees) and butter is softened but not melted.
Gradually add the milk, anise extract, and butter mixture to the flour mixture; stirring constantly.
Add two eggs; beat well.
Slowly pour egg mixture into well, working in circular motions, until dough has pulled together.
Continue to knead dough until smooth and elastic, about 8 minutes.
Cover dough with damp cloth and allow to rest for 10 minutes.
Divide dough into two rounds.
Roll each round into a long roll about 18-20 inches long and 1 1/2 inches thick. Using the two long pieces of dough, form a loosely braided loaf. Forming into a "ring" could be optional. Seal the ends of the loaf together, by pinching with your fingers.
Place loaf on a buttered baking sheet and cover loosely with a damp towel.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place loaf in a warm place and let rise until doubled in bulk, about 1 hour.
Brush risen loaf with an egg wash, and sprinkle with nonpareils.
Bake in preheated oven for 20-25 minutes, or until golden. Transfer immediately to cool on wire racks.

Submitter: 
LadyAnna123
Description: 
Growing up, this was the best treat of Easter Morning(and still is)! One bite of this light, fluffy, sweet bread and you're twelve years old again! Bakery quality in two hours. Try this South Philly Italian Tradition and keep the heritage alive...Buona Pasqua a Tutti!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
35 m + 60 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
