URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62687825/cajun-crawfish-and-shrimp-etouffe/
Title:
Cajun Crawfish and Shrimp Etouffe Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons butter
3 tablespoons olive oil
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 small green bell pepper, diced
1 medium onion, chopped
2 cloves garlic, minced
2 stalks celery, diced
1 15 oz can of fire roasted tomatoes plus garlic
1 tablespoons Louisiana-style hot sauce
1/3 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper (optional)
4 teaspoons seafood seasoning
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 cup chicken stock
1 pound crawfish tails
1 pound medium shrimp - peeled and deveined

Directions:
Heat the oil in a heavy skillet over medium heat. Gradually stir in flour, and stir constantly until the mixture turns 'peanut butter' brown or darker, at least 12-15 minutes. I use a large fork with the flat side to the bottom of the pan in a side to side motion. This is your base sauce or 'Roux'. It is very important to stir this constantly. If by chance the roux burns, discard and start over.
Once the roux is browned, add the onions, garlic, celery and bell pepper to the skillet, and saute for about 5 minutes to soften. Stir in the tomatoes tomatoes and  chicken stock, and season with the seafood seasoning. Reduce heat to low, and simmer for about 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Season the sauce with hot pepper sauce and cayenne pepper (if using), and add the crawfish and shrimp. Cook for about 10 minutes, or until the shrimp are opaque.

Submitter: 
Baron
Description: 
An authentic Louisiana recipe with a rich and spicy fresh tomato based roux with fresh garlic, bell peppers, celery and onions mixed with crawfish and shrimp.  A little time consuming but well worth it!! Serve over steamed rice with hushpuppies and/or crackers on the side.Modified from: Cajun Crawfish and Shrimp Etouffe
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
