URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62680002/charred-tomato-amp-chicken-tacos/
Title:
Charred Tomato & Chicken Tacos Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound ripe plum tomatoes cored (about 4-5)
2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil divided
1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breasts trimmed and cut into 1-inch chunks
Salt & freshly ground pepper
1 large white onion finely chopped (about 1 1/2 cups)
2 cloves cloves garlic very finely chopped
2 jalapeño peppers seeded and very finely chopped
2 tablespoons lime juice
2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro
4 scallions chopped
12 corn tortillas warmed
1/4 cup reduced-fat sour cream for garnish
2 limes cut into quarters

Directions:
Heat a large cast-iron skillet over high heat until very hot. Place tomatoes in the skillet and turn occasionally with tongs until charred on all sides, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a plate to cool slightly. Cut in half crosswise; squeeze to discard seeds. Chop the remaining pulp and skins; set aside.
Add 1 teaspoon of the oil to the pan and heat over high heat until the oil is very hot. Add chicken and season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the chicken is browned on all sides and no longer pink in the center, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a plate and set aside.
Reduce the heat to medium and add the remaining 1 teaspoon oil. Add onions and cook, stirring, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and jalapeños and cook, stirring, for 1 minute more. Add lime juice and the reserved chicken and tomatoes. Bring to a simmer and stir in cilantro and scallions. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Cover to keep warm.
Spoon filling into warm tortillas, roll up and serve with sour cream and lime wedges.

Submitter: 
ttkc
Description: 
Wrap tortillas in barely damp paper towels and microwave on High for 30 to 45 seconds.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
