URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62689888/apricot-chicken-curry/
Title:
Apricot Chicken Curry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4chicken breasts
salt and pepper to taste
2 tablespoons olive oil
3 cloves garlic, minced
1/4 + teaspoon red pepper flakes, or to taste
4 cups apricot nectar
1 teaspoon cornstarch, or as needed
1 tablespoon water
4 tablespoons curry powder
1 cup dried apricots
1 large onion, roughly chopped
1 large green bell pepper, roughly chopped
4 carrots, thinly sliced
1 fresh green chile pepper, minced (optional)
1/2 cup chopped water chestnuts (optional)

Directions:
Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Season the chicken with salt and pepper.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Stir in garlic and red pepper flakes; cook and stir until garlic is softened and is fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Place the chicken in the skillet, and brown the chicken on all sides, about 3 minutes on each side. Place in baking dish.
Bake the chicken breasts in the preheated oven until no longer pink and the juices run clear, 7 to 10 minutes.
Bring the apricot nectar to a boil in a large pot over medium-high eat, then reduce heat to medium-low. Mix cornstarch and water together in a small bowl; stir cornstarch mixture and curry powder into the apricot nectar. Add dried apricots. Pour apricot mixture over chicken and continue to bake.
Saute the onion, green bell pepper, carrots, and green chile pepper; cook and stir until the onion has softened. Add to the chicken and apricot mixture.   Cover and simmer until the vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Stir in water chestnuts just before serving.  Server additional red pepper flakes on the side.

Submitter: 
drhersh
Description: 
Chicken breasts are baked, then simmered in a sweet and savory curry sauce with bites of plump dried apricots and crunchy water chestnuts.Modified from: Apricot Chicken Curry
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
