URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62686556/blueberry-chocolate-cake-with-dark-chocolate-ganache-and-toasted-coconut/
Title:
Blueberry Chocolate Cake with Dark Chocolate Ganache and Toasted Coconut Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups whole wheat pastry flour
1 1/2 cups all purpose flour
2/3 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, plus extra for dusting
1 1/2 cups sugar
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup blueberry-cucumber pulp - see Blueberry Papaya Cucumber Juice
1 1/4 cup blueberries
1 medium papaya, peeled, and trimmed, seeds removed
1 large cucumber, peeled and seeded
juice of 1 to 2 sweet limes or 1 Valencia orange
1/2 cup vegetable oil
2 cups brewed black tea or coffee, chilled
1 tablespoon vanilla
4 tablespoons apple cider vinegar
Ganache
8 ounces chopped dark chocolate, or chocolate chips
2/3 cup soy milk
4 tablespoons maple syrup
1/2 cup toasted unsweetened shredded coconut (for topping)

Directions:
Cake
1. Grease two 9-inch round cake pans and dust with cocoa powder. Line bottoms of the pans with parchment paper and grease the parchment as well.
2. Preheat oven to 375F with a rach in the middle.
3. Sift flours, sugar, cocoa, baking soda, and salt together in a large bowl
4. In a separate bowl, combine the blueberry-cucumber pulp, vegetable oil, chilled tea, and vanilla.
5. Pour the wet ingredients into the dry and combine with a rubber spatula. Add the vinegar and mix in with as few strokes as possible (it's okay if there are streaks in the batter).
6. Pour batter into the prepared pans and bake for 30 to 35 minutes, testing doneness with a wooden toothpick.
7. Let cakes cool in their pans for 5 to 10 minutes before running a knife around the edge of each pan and unmolding to cool completely.
Filling
While cakes are cooling, put the papaya pulp and a tablespoon or two of orange juice into a smallsaucepan and bring to a simmer. Add a tablespoon of sugar and stir as the mixture simmers gently for about 5 minutes. Cook until you have a thick, spreadable paste. Cool.
When the cake has cooled you may want to even out the surface of your first layer by slicing off the dome to create a flat, even round. Spread the papaya filling over the bottom cake layer and top with second cake.
Ganache
1. Heat the soy milk in a small saucepan until it begins to boil. Remove from heat and immediately add the chocolate.
2. Stir until all the chocolate has melted, then stir in maple syrup until the mixture is completely smooth.
3. Let cool slightly before pouring over the cake. Top your cake with the toasted coconut, and chill in fridge to set the ganache.

Submitter: 
Zhora Autumn
Description: 
chefs
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
