URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62696135/sanfran-style-sourdough-from-southern-ohio/
Title:
SanFran Style Sourdough from Southern Ohio Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/751802.jpg
Ingredients:
1/3 cup of sourdough starter
6-6 1/2 unbleached white flour (organic is best)
2 1/2 cups of water
2 tsp salt
1 egg (to coat the bread before baking)

Directions:
Measure the starter. Add the water and the salt. Stir the mixture using a wooden or plastic spoon.
Add the flour a cup at a time, stirring as you go. After a while, the dough will become too stiff to stir. At that point, pour it out onto your kneading surface. Make sure you have floured your work surface before you turn the bread out, and flour your hands before you start kneading. Knead the dough 15 to 20 minutes, or until it is resilient & springy. (You can also use a bread machine's dough setting to mix/knead the dough).
Once the bread is kneaded, let it rest for 30 minutes. Knead for 5 minutes, place in a greased bowl and cover with a damp towel.  Let rise 12 to 15 hours.
Punch the dough again, knead for 5 minutes.  Form into the desired shape or pan.  Allow do double in size again.  Depending on your environment, this may take 6-10 hours.
Once the loaves have doubled in size, it's time to preheat the oven to 375 F. When the oven is preheated make deep slashes in the loaves with a serrated knife.
To give the bread a classic shiny coating, beat one egg.  Use a cooking brush to brush the bread with the egg yoke.
Put the loaves into the oven, and put some water into a pan at the bottom of the oven.  Bake for 30-40 minutes.

Submitter: 
Cherie Watters Catron
Description: 
Give yourself a couple of days to let this one rise, but it is worth it.  This recipe uses the No Commercial Yeast Starter, so the only ingredients are water, flour, and salt!

After trying numerous sourdough recipes (thanks the generosity of many bakers especially Mike Avery's Sourdough Home), I've finally created my own recipe which actually tastes like an authentic sourdough.

This recipe uses no manufactured yeast. The more pure the flour, the better results.  Organic unbleached white flour is best, but any white flour will work. 

The most important ingredient is time!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2-3 d
Ready in:
1-2 d
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
