URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62693238/vegetarian-stout-french-onion-soup/
Title:
Vegetarian Stout French Onion Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/607058.jpg
Ingredients:
1 Tbsp - Olive Oil
2 Tbsp - All-Purpose Flour
2 - Portobello Mushrooms Cubed
2 - Carrots Sliced
2 - Potatoes Cubed
1 - Onion Sliced
3 - Cloves Garlic Minced
4 - Shoots Fresh Rosemary
1.5 Cups - Vegetable Broth
0.5 Can - 6oz Tomato Paste
20 fl oz - Stout Beer
2 tsp - Worcestershire Sauce
1 tsp - Ground Black Pepper
1 tsp - Salt
1.5 tsp - Cold Water
1.5 tsp - Cornstarch
4 - Slices French Bread
0.5 cup - Grated Swiss Cheese

Directions:
1. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat.      Toss mushroom cubes with flour to coat, then fry in the hot oil until browned. Place carrots, potatoes, onion, garlic, and rosemary in a large stew pot. Place the mushrooms on top of the vegetables. Mix together with the vegetable broth, stout beer, tomato paste, and Worcestershire sauce and pour into the stew pot along with the beer. Add Salt and Pepper.
2. Cover and cook on Med/High for 1 hour. During last few minutes dissolve cornstarch in cold water and stir into the stew. Simmer for a few minutes to thicken.
3. Place bread on a baking sheet and sprinkle with grated swiss cheese. Broil 5 inches from heat about 1 minute or until cheese is melted and golden.
4. Spoon Stewed Vegetables into bowls with a slotted ladle. Place cheese coated bread on top of stew. Ladle broth over top bread until saturated or until you reach the desired amount in the bowl.

Submitter: 
Matthieu Duquette
Description: 
I love Irish Stout Stew and French Onion Soup. Plus my wife is a vegetarian. So I came up with this infusion that is in my opinion, amazing! Portobello mushrooms replace cubed beef, and it is all topped off with a swiss cheese crusted slice of artisan bread French onion soup style.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
