URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62699730/cascadia-fideua/
Title:
Cascadia Fideuà Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/610274.jpg
Ingredients:
3 – 4 cups stock (chicken, vegetable, seafood, whatever works for ya)
2 cloves garlic, minced
Pinch of saffron
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 cup cubed pancetta
1/2 cup diced carrots
1/2 cup frozen artichoke hearts
1/2 cup fresh green beans
2 cups diced white onion (1 good sized onion, approx.)
2 cups diced tomatoes
1 16oz box of spaghetti noodles, with the noodles broken into 2-3 inch pieces

Directions:
First, put your stock, minced garlic, and saffron in a medium pot and warm on low. Don’t add salt, it’ll be salty enough. A good temperate is hot enough to dip your finger in, or just barely steaming.
Next we’ll focus on building flavors. Put your frying pan on medium heat and add enough oil to coat the bottom of the pan. Sauté your meats until mostly cooked and/or fat has rendered out of the meat. Obviously if you’re using shrimp or other shellfish don’t try and render the fat out, there’s basically no fat to render. Remove meats and set aside.
Add vegetables and lightly sauté them for 3-4 minutes, then remove from pan. You don't want them to brown too much as they will cook more later.
Next comes time to make the sofrito, the onion and tomato base. Add onions to pan with a dash of salt and pepper, then sweat them alone for a few minutes. Once they start to turn transparent add your tomatoes and mix them with the onions. Stir frequently and let this cook down until this is practically a paste. This process will take about 15-20 minutes depending on your pan size.
Once you have the sofrita ready, add your broken noodles over the top. Don't try to stir them; it will just make a mess. Add enough stock to cover all your noodles. Add the meat and vegetables, firmly pressing large chunks into the mix. Add stock as needed to cover the rest of the food. Bring to a simmer and reduce heat to a medium low. Once most of the stock is reduced and the noodles are al dente, it's ready to serve!

Submitter: 
Rainierp
Description: 
(Aka Spanish Spaghetti or Noodle Paella) Pronounced “Feed-wa”. I heard of this variation of paella that used noodles instead of rice. I am a big fan of paella and wanted to try it, but couldn't find a recipe. This is my version of fideuà. It turned out awesome and a lot faster to cook than paella. I made mine in a 10” cast iron skillet, and made enough to feed about 4 peeps.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
