URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62693125/ground-turkey-shepherds-pie/
Title:
Ground Turkey Shepherds Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1.25 lbs ground turkey
1 onion, diced
4 celery stalks, diced
4 carrots, diced
28 oz. can of diced tomatoes
4 tablespoons of low sodium worcestershire
3 tablespoons of tomato paste
1 1/2 cups frozen peas
-------------------
Mashed Potatoes
6-8 russet potatoes, peeled and cut into quarters
8 oz. lowfat sourcream
1 cup lowfat milk
1/2 cup grated parmesan
(top w/ sweet paprika and extra parmesan)

Directions:
Start on potatoes and in a large pot boil them in salted water.
In a large skillet, brown ground turkey and then set aside in another bowl.
In the same skillet on med-high heat, sweat onions. After onions are translucent, add in carrot and celery and continue to sweat the vegetables. Re- add the ground turkey and add the can of tomatoes. Reduce the liquid and add in the worcestershire and tomato paste. Salt and pepper to taste.
When potatoes are fork tender (30 mins), strain and add them back in the pot.
Mash them, then add stir in sour cream and milk. Add grated parmesan and salt and pepper to taste.
Place meat mixture in 2 separate casserole dishes. Pour frozen peas over the mixture. Then spoon the mashed potatoes on top. Spread the mashed potatoes and sprinkle with paprika and grated parmesan.
Cover with tin foil. One casserole can be thrown in the freezer. The other can be cooked in a 350 degree oven for 40-50 min. Uncover casserole and place under a broiler for 5 mins. Let sit for 5-10 mins and then serve.

Submitter: 
HerbanSpoons
Description: 
This is a healthier version of Shepherds Pie - with all the flavor.
You will have enough ingredients for 2 pies. I always make one for dinner, then through the other in the freezer to eat at another time.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
