URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62692213/donnasues-cornbread-mustard-green-cassrole/
Title:
Donnasue's Cornbread Mustard Green Cassrole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Mustard Greens (about a gallon size ziplock bag full)
2 tbs Garlic (I use chopped roasted garlic)
1 Onion (chopped fine)
Olive oil
1 box “Jiffy” Corn Muffin Mix
1 box “Jiffy” Biscuit Mix
2 eggs  (needed for Jiffy Mix instructions)
1 cup Milk (needed for Jiffy Mix instructions)
2 precooked “ham” steaks (you could substitute sausage or bacon)
2 tbs  Dijon mustard
Everglades seasoning
2 cups shredded Mexican cheese

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees and bake for 50 minutes to an hour- cover the casserole with Reynolds wrap if it starts to over brown before it’s cooked through.  I use a convention oven and bake for almost an hour.
Wash and chop mustard greens; you’ll sauté them (in a frying pan) on high heat with the olive oil, chopped onions & garlic.  Drain them in a colander after you have cooked the onion clear and the greens are done and let place on paper towels until you’re ready to use them.  Chop up your ham steaks in small pieces and set aside.  In a large bowl mix both boxes of Jiffy Mix, eggs, and milk.  Add the Dijon mustard and everglades seasoning (to taste; I use about 2 tsp) and mix well.  Add your cheese, ham pieces, and greens and mix well.  Pour into a greased (with cooking spray) casserole dish and bake.  Check with a tooth pick to make sure it’s cooked through completely and cover with Reynolds wrap if it starts to over brown on top.  Turn off the oven and let sit for 15 more minutes and serve

Submitter: 
Donnasue
Description: 
The reason I created this is my friend Dora.  When she gives me fresh Mustard Greens, there was only so much I could do with them.  I wanted to make a Southern style dinner casserole that would celebrate some of the traditional foods that I consider Southern.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
one h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
