URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62695927/oreo-mint-cheese-cake/
Title:
Oreo Mint Cheese Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/608411.jpg
Ingredients:
16 oz sour cream - divided
20 OREO Cookies, divided
3 tablespoons butter, melted
3 (8 oz.) packages PHILADELPHIA Brick Cream Cheese, softened
3/4 cup sugar plus 4 Tablespoon sugar divided
4 eggs - divided
1 tsp. vanilla
a tad of green food color
6 oz. pkg chocolate covered mints reserve some for decorating

Directions:
Heat oven to 325 degrees. Crush 16 cookies in food processor.  Place in bowl. Add butter; mix well. Press firmly onto bottom of 9-inch spring-form pan.
Beat cream cheese, sugar and vanilla in large bowl with electric mixer on medium speed until well blended. Add egg yolks, 1 at a time, beating just until blended after each addition. Add a bit of green food color to get a mint green.
Beat the egg whites till soft peaks form using 2 Tablespoons sugar & set aside. Gently mix in 3/4 cup sour cream into the cheese cake batter just till blended. Fold in the egg white mixture.
Chop remaining 4 cookies. Chop all the mints except the ones reserved for the top decoration. Gently fold in the chopped cookies & mints into cream cheese batter. Pour over prepared crust.
Bake 60 min. or until center is almost set. While baking stir 2 tablespoons sugar in to the 1 1/4 cup remaining sour cream. Spread over top of hot Baked hot cheesecake & return to oven for 6 more min. Turn off heat, open oven door about 8" and leave cake in oven for another hour. Cool. Refrigerate overnight. Decorate with 1/4 piece of mint around outer edges and 5 - 1/2 pieces stuck in center of cake cut side down. Store leftover cheesecake in refrigerator.

Submitter: 
nrgizrbune41
Description: 
Cheese cake with a tang of mint using chocolate mint patties. (examp. York mints) As the  cake bakes, candy melts & infuses cheese cake with a wonderful mint flavor! My friends nearly licked their plates clean!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20-30 m
Ready in:
overnight
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
