URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62693594/shrimp-and-pasta-in-garlic-cream-sauce/
Title:
Shrimp and Pasta in Garlic Cream Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 to 3/4 cup of finely grated Parmesan or Romano cheese, plus a little more for serving
1 pint of heavy cream
1 to three garlic cloves, finely minced (to suit your taste for garlic!)
2 to 3 tablespoons of olive oil
4 tablespoons of butter
1 lb of linguini, pre-cooked (al dente) and drained
24 to 30 pre-cooked shrimp
finely chopped parsley (for garnish)

Directions:
In a large skillet over medium heat, add a couple of tablespoons of olive oil and the minced garlic. Stir to keep the garlic from burning and to help the garlic flavoring to permeate into the olive oil. After a minute or so, add the 4 tablespoons of butter and stir.
Pour in about half of the pint of heavy cream and about 1/3 cup of the finely grated cheese. Keep stirring until the sauce begins simmer, and then to reduce and thicken. Add a few twists of freshly ground pepper, and continue stirring. Intermittently add more of the heavy cream and a little more cheese to increase the volume of the sauce while maintaining it's thickened consistency. Save a few tablespoons of the heavy cream to add at the end, should the sauce thicken too much
After about 5 to 7 minutes, the creamy garlic sauce should have thickened considerably. Add the pre-cooked shrimp, and stir for a minute or two (just long enough to warm the shrimp through). Drain the cooked pasta, and then add the linguini to the skillet and use a set of tongs to toss until the pasta is coated with the sauce.
Transfer the pasta into a serving dish, and sprinkle the chopped parsley and some more freshly grated cheese on top. Serve with the French bread and a salad. The crunchy crust and hearty texture of French bread is a good match with the garlic cream sauce.

Submitter: 
Mare
Description: 
I love garlic and shrimp in a creamy sauce. This is such an easy and quick dinner.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
