URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62694629/corned-beef-and-cabbage/
Title:
Corned Beef and Cabbage Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound kosher salt
2 gallons water, divided
8 pounds beef brisket
1/2 cup brown sugar
4 Tablespoons mixed whole spice (cinnamon stick, whole cloves, whole allspice, etc what you like)
6 cloves garlic
2 Tablespoon peppercorn
6 bay leaves
8 black peppercorns
1 onion, sliced
1 medium head cabbage, cut in wedges
2 pound carrots, quartered
2 turnip, quartered
2 rutabagas quartered
2 parsnips, quartered
2 beets quartered
4 potatoes, cut in half
1 teaspoon each chopped fresh cilantro, parsley, summer savory and paprika
1 orange sliced
2 celery stalks, cut in half

Directions:
In a large stainless steel or cast iron pot, combine the salt, water, sugar, spices, garlic and peppercorn. Desolve  all salt and sugar cool and add brisket. Cover and let sit for 7 days in the refrigerator. (Note: brisket must be completely submerged, so double the salt and water if necessary.) (Store bought corned beef is pink because they add food color.  Homemade is gray.  If you want it pink, add 3 teaspoons saltpeter)
After 7 days, drain the brine Rinse to remove as much salt as possible. Then add 1 gallon fresh water, bay leaves and peppercorns. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low/medium low, and simmer for 1 hours.
In a roasting pan, arrange all the root vegetables, Sprinkle top with cilantro, parsley, savory and paprika. Put beef on top.  Cover with sliced onion and  celery stalks Arrange orange sliced around the outside. Pour 1/2 cup hot water over everything.  This will provide the steam to cook everything evenly. Bake 300 for 2 hours then...
add the cabbage and bake for 45 minutes longer. Let beef rest a few minutes before you slice it, time to arrange the vegetables on a platter, using sprigs of parsley and the orange slices as garnish

Submitter: 
Grammy Peggy
Description: 
Directions are included for corning the beef brisket (a 7-day process). The brisket is then simmered until tender, and vegetables are added toward the end of the cooking time. Serves 14 to 18.Modified from: Corned Beef and Cabbage
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
7 d 3 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
