URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62692493/pavlova/
Title:
Pavlova Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Crust
4 eggs room temperature (4 to 6)
1 cup sugar
1 tsp vinegar
1 tsp vanilla
1/2 tablespoon cornstarch
Topping
1 cups heavy whipping cream (1 to 1/2)
1 tablespoon sugar (1 to 2)
1 teaspoon vanilla
(cocoa powder for a variation)
sliced fruits, any kind, traditional strawberries and grapes.

Directions:
Preheat oven 250
When measuring use NO plastic bowls, utensils or plastic/silicone because oils can not be completely removed.  If any yolk or oil gets in the whites they may not set. Clean metal bowls very well.
Bring the eggs to warm temperature, they set a lot easier.
Round cookie pan or tray with parchment paper cut in circle--wide dimension
-Or- multiple tartlet pans and make individual servings.
Heavily beat the eggswhites. until soft thick white peaks form (2-3 minutes high setting kitchenaid).  Peaks should just fall over.  Then SLOWLY add sugar all the while beating until stiff peaks form.  Then stop beating and carefully fold in vinegar, vanilla, and cornstarch--will get a little runnier but should still hold fairly tight shapes without being runny.
Put on cookie tray and form a circle.  It will be fairly thick but try to make well in the center with a spoon to later add other goodies.
Bake for 1 1/2 hours in oven, then turn oven off and forget about it until cool.
About 1-3 hours before serving mix topping ingredients (minus fruit) until you have actual whipping cream.  Careful not to let beat to long or have cream get too warm because it will actually form butter! Put cream on the meringue crust as gentle as possible because the crust is very light and fragile.  Then assemble fruit on top---voila!  Crust without the topping keeps well preserved, in a dry place, for about 3 days.

Submitter: 
Busitj
Description: 
Pavlova recipe.  More about the steps than the actual ingredients.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 hr
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
