URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62699921/holy-mole-short-cut-method/
Title:
Holy Mole! (Short-Cut method) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/611437.jpg
Ingredients:
15 chicken legs
1 white onion, peeled and sliced in half
4 garlic cloves
3 bay leaves
1 chicken bouillon cube
1 teaspoon cumin
1 teaspoon seasoned salt
1 teaspoon fresh cracked black pepper
For Mole:
1 - 8.5oz. Jar of Doña María® Mole
2-3 cups Chicken stock from boiling chicken
1 white onion, minced
1 - 8oz. can tomato sauce (no salt added)
1 - 6oz. can tomato paste, diluted in with 1 cup water
1/2 cup ketchup
3/4 - tablet abuelita® or ibarra® chocolate
1/4 cup corn oil
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Place chicken into stock pot with onion, garlic, bay leaves, bouillon, cumin, salt and pepper.  Fill with enough water to cover chicken completely.  Bring to boil and simmer for about 45 minutes, until chicken is done.
Remove chicken and set on plate; reserving stock.
In blender place mole sauce.  Add about 2 cups of chicken stock and blend several minutes until smooth; set a side.
In large skillet add oil and diced onion.  Saute until golden brown; 5-7 minutes.  Add ketchup and stir until bubbling, add tomato sauce and stir until bubbling, add diluted tomato paste and stir until bubbling again.  Add the mole sauce.  Stir together again. Add the chocolate tablet and stir constantly; not to burn the chocolate.  Once chocolate is incorpated, turn heat to low.  Add a chicken stock a cup at a time to mole until you reach your desired consistancy; the sauce will get thicker while it stands also.  I prefer 2-3 cups of chicken stock (be sure to discard bay leaves).  Add salt and pepper to taste.
Remove skin from chicken and place chicken into mole. Remove from heat and serve.

Submitter: 
Sherbear1
Description: 
Mole is such a wonderful dish!  So many flavors, that arouse the tastebuds.  Now, typically mole has quite a long process and list of ingredients.  My mother in law makes mole from the jar (Doña María®) sometimes, when shes doesnt feel like spending hours in the kitchen.  You will have left over sauce which can be used for enchiladas, poured over eggs, beans, or whatever you want.  Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
