URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62692620/basil-pesto-risotto-pan-roasted-scallops/
Title:
Basil Pesto Risotto & Pan Roasted Scallops Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Pesto:
1 cup of fresh basil leaves
1 cup of fresh spinach or arugula for a peppery taste
1/4 cup of pine nuts or pistachios
Olive oil to taste
Pepper to taste
Fresh grated Parmesan to taste
(optional 4 or 5 pimiento peppers marinated in olive oil. remove center. Nice sweet and spicy taste)
1 Cup Arborio rice
2 Cups of chicken stock (divided use)
2 tablespoons butter (European style preferred)
2 tablespoons diced shallots
1/3 cup white wine
1 cup water
1/3 cup fresh Parmesan
(optional pinch of saffron)
4 Wild Sea Scallops
Kosher salt to taste
Pepper to taste
1 tablespoon of olive oil
2 tablespoons of butter

Directions:
Pesto: Take basil,spinach and nuts and place in food processor. Give a quick pulse to chop up ingredients. Begin adding olive oil at a steady stream until mixture is creamy. You may have to stop a few time and scrape the side and continue. Once the mixture is creamy add pepper and cheese and mix with spoon.
Risotto:
Prep: set chicken stock and water aside in separate sauce pans and keep warm
In a large sauce pan melt butter until it foams, then add shallots. Cook until the shallots are soft. Stir in the rice until all the rice is coated well (optional add saffron). Add wine and cook till the alcohol is absorbed. Add enough stock to just barely cover the rice and cook on medium. Add a little bit of stock at a time and continue this method. TIP: continue to stir when you add stock then allow to cook until the stock starts to thicken  a bit and continue to stir again. Some water may be needed when you start running out of stock. Add just a little bit at a time and continue to stir. When you start having to add water now is a good time to pull out the pesto mixture you made and add to your liking. I usually use about two large spoonfuls. Continue to stir until the rice is tender, but firm (about 20mins). As you take the rice off the heat begin adding fresh grated Parmesan cheese.
Scallops: Set out about 20-30 mins prior to cooking and let them drain some water out. Season them with koser salt and fresh pepper. Before you add to hot pan make sure you pat them dry otherwise you will not get a good sear on the tops
Add olive oil to pan and heat to medium. When the pan is nice and hot add your scallops. Allow the scallops to sear,don't touch them. After two minutes flip on the other side and sear for another two minutes. The tops should be a nice caramel color.

Submitter: 
cpd354
Description: 
Fine dining does not have to be complicated and with this creamy Risotto you will see why. This is an amazing dish that will have your guests or family wanting to see your culinary degree.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
