URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62704118/better-than-cracker-barrel-chicken-n-dumplings/
Title:
Better than Cracker Barrel Chicken N Dumplings Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/687988.jpg
Ingredients:
1 whole never frozen chicken - a stewing or roasting chicken is best(no fryers)
1 whole lemon(not lemon juice)
2 stalks of Celery(sliced)
1 small onion(chopped)
2 or three carrots or a handful of baby carrots- to taste(sliced)
Flour
Salt to taste
Pepper to taste
parsley to taste

Directions:
Clean the chicken thoroughly and put to boil in a large pot of water with salt.  No need to cut it up- make sure you skim the scum off the top.
When the scum is gone slice the lemon in half and add to the chicken along with the chopped onions sliced carrots and celery and spices. Boil until the chicken starts to fall off the bone. (About an hour)
Remove the chicken and set to the side. Remove the lemon and throw out.  Add chicken stock to the Chicken soup if desired and bring to a boil.
In a large bowl put a couple of cups of flour and create a "bowl" with the flour add a pinch of salt and pepper, with a ladel add 2 or three scoops of the hot liquid(make sure there are no vegetables)and using a spoon slowly add the flour from the sides of the bowl until it starts to form a ball and all of the liquid is gone.  Carefully remove from bowl(it is still HOT) and put on a flour covered flat surface. Kneed until 1 solid ball of dough is achieved - roll with a rolliing pin until dough is flat and cut in rectangle shapes.  Drop one at a time in the boiling chicken stock.
Repeat until you have all the dumplings you need.
Keep at a medium boil and stir to prevent burning(Once they  burn the whole dish will taste charred). Cook dumplings about 30 minutes or until tender. After adding the dumplings taste the soup to make sure no additional spicing is needed.
Remove chicken from bone and add to soup after dumplings are cooked just until warm.
Serve and enjoy.

Submitter: 
jadedgurl
Description: 
My Grandma grew up on a farm and this was her recipe - no shortcuts but still pretty easy.  For best results you must use a whole chicken and flour. You can also use some chicken stock for added flavor. The trick is the lemon which makes the chicken tender and adds flavor to the soup.  Leftovers won't last very long with this.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
