URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62708945/potato-salad---contest-winner/
Title:
Potato Salad - Contest Winner Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Ingredients
* 6 baking potatoes
* 6 eggs
* salt, to taste
* 1 C. mayonnaise
* 1/4 C. vinegar
* 2 Tbs. sugar
* green onions, to taste

Directions:
Directions
Wash 6 potatoes with skins on and cut in half. Put water and a little salt in a pot. Add potato halves with skins on and bring to a boil. Cook until potatoes are tender. Remove from water, while potatoes are still warm. Remove skins and cut into small pieces and add to large bowl.
Put 6 eggs in a pan. Cover with cold water. Cook to slow boil and boil for 10 minutes. Turn the heat down and continue cooking another 5 minutes until result is hard boiled eggs. Pour off water and add cold water to the eggs in the pan. Let set a minute and repeat with cold water. Let them set until they have cooled down. Empty the water and shake the eggs in the pan to help crack them. You can take your hand and crack each egg around the sides and ends. Start peeling the eggs. Rinse each egg to make sure there isn't any shell left on the egg. Once the eggs are cracked and peeled, cut eggs into small pieces and add to potatoes in large bowl.
Mix mayonnaise, vinegar, salt and sugar together and add to the potato and egg mixture. Add salt to taste and green onions to taste and for color. Chill in refrigerator for flavors to merge. The secret to this recipe is you use as many potatoes as you do eggs. (Example 8 potatoes/8 eggs, 12 potatoes/ 12 eggs) Then, just increase the mayonnaise mixture to desired creaminess. If you would like the potato salad creamier, make a smaller mayonnaise, vinegar, and sugar mixture to add until desired creaminess.

Submitter: 
Sue
Description: 
This recipe is from my mom, which came from her dear friend Marilyn. Marilyn passed away of breast cancer many years ago, so any time we make any of her fabulous recipes she is always in our thoughts. She was a phenomenal lady who had a positive influence on everyone she met. Each time we make this recipe we make it with a lot of love, just like Marilyn would make it. It is an easy and really good recipe that is always a crowd-pleaser. We all know there are about a thousand ways to make potato salad but this is one of the best.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1
Ready in:
1
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
