URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62707645/hot-chocolate-chunk-cookie/
Title:
Hot Chocolate Chunk Cookie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/614578.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup unsalted butter
1 1/2 cups white sugar
2 eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 cups all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoons cinnamon
1 teaspoon cayenne chili
2/3 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
1 tbs espresso powder (optional)
1 1/2 cups semisweet chocolate chip
1/4 cup confectionary sugar (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a large mixing bowl, cream together the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. This should take about 10 minutes! Add the eggs one at a time and mix to incorporate. Add the vanilla and mix thoroughly.
In a 1 gallon plastic food bag, place the all-purpose flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, chili, espresso powder, and cocoa powder.  Seal the bag and massage the ingredients to combine.  The mixture will appear homogenous with no separate ingredients showing.
Add the flour and cocoa mix to the creamed butter and sugar. Mix together until the dough appears completely combined - about 3 minutes. Add the chocolate chunks or chips and stir them into the dough. Drop by two teaspoonfuls onto an ungreased cookie sheet or roll into balls, place about two inches apart on the sheet, and flatten slightly with your fingers.
Bake for 11 minutes at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). The cookies will appear to be just barely firm with a sheen to their surfaces.  Allow to cool on the sheet for about one minute before removing to a cooling rack to cool completely. Dust with confectionary sugar (optional). Store in airtight containers.

Submitter: 
Jim K
Description: 
Cinnamon, chili, chocolate, chocolate chunks, cookies that are soft, chewy, hot and chocolaty. These are not for the faint hearted, but perfect for people who like a little spice in their lives.Modified from: Chocolate Chocolate Chip Cake Cookies
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
