URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62709109/home-made-twinkies-and-zingers/
Title:
Home Made Twinkies and Zingers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/733319.jpg
Ingredients:
For cakes:
1 (18.25 oz.) box yellow cake mix
3 whole eggs
1/3 c. vegetable oil
1 c. water
1 (5.1 oz.) instant vanilla pudding mix
Filling:
½ c. butter, room temperature
½ c. shortening, room temperature
1 t. vanilla
¼ t. salt
3 c. confectioner’s sugar
1 (7 oz.) container marshmallow fluff
For Zingers:
1 (3oz.) pkg. raspberry Jell-O
2 c. boiling water
2 c. shredded sweetened flake coconut
2 - 3 T. cornstarch
16 Twinkie “boats,” prepared with non-stick baking spray.**

Directions:
Make Cakes:
In bowl mix eggs, oil, and water until combined. Add cake mix and blend for 2 minutes on medium speed. Blend in pudding mix on medium for an additional 3 minutes until smooth.
Place 2.25 oz. of batter into each boat and bake at 325° for 11-15 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in center of one comes out clean. Cool completely.
Make Frosting:
Combine butter, shortening, vanilla, and salt in mixer bowl and blend on medium high for about 3 minutes or until mixture comes together and becomes creamy with no lumps. Add confectioner’s sugar and starting on low speed and gradually increasing to high, blend until light and airy. Add marshmallow fluff and blend on high until once again light and airy.
For Zingers:
Boil water, add Jell-O and stir to combine. Place in refrigerator for 15 – 30 minutes or until thick but not set.
Place coconut flakes in food processor and pulse until flakes are very small. Dump into a dish and add cornstarch, starting with 2 T. and increasing if necessary to get a nice loose texture.
For Twinkies:
With a knife, cut a small slit in the top side of the cake. Using an icing bag, pipe a good amount of filling into the cavity, holding the shape of the cake with your hand to prevent splitting. Once filled, place cut side down on the cooling rack and continue to fill remaining cakes.
For Zingers:
Fill cakes as for Twinkles. Once that is completed, place the prepared Jell-O into a low baking dish or other container and roll the cake to cover completely. Move somewhat quickly to avoid completely soaking the cake. Placing the coconut in a similar dish, immediately roll the cake in the prepared coconut and place on the rack to set for approximately 2 hours.

Submitter: 
Caroline
Description: 
My home made take on the traditional Twinkies and Raspberry Zingers, two recipes in one. A bit time consuming, but oh so delicious!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
