URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62705388/sweet-and-sour-fish/
Title:
Sweet and Sour Fish Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb haddock, cod or halibut fillets
1/2 tsp salt
1/4 tsp white pepper
3 tbsp rice wine vinegar or cider vinegar
2 tbsp granulated sugar
1 tbsp cornstarch
4 tsp sodium-reduced soy sauce
1/2 cup sodium-reduced chicken broth
2 green onions, white and green part, chopped
2 cups oil oil for frying
1 tbsp minced fresh ginger
2 red hot peppers, sliced
1 small red bell pepper, coarsely chopped
2 cups cubed fresh pineapple
1 cup thin tomato wedges
1/4 cup fresh cilantro leaves
Batter:
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 cup cornstarch
1 egg
1/2 cup ice water
1/4 tsp EACH baking soda, salt and pepper

Directions:
Cut fish into chunks; toss with salt and white pepper; set aside. In bowl, whisk together vinegar, sugar, cornstarch and soy sauce until sugar is dissolved; stir in broth. Set aside.
Batter: In large bowl, whisk flour with cornstarch. In another bowl; whisk together egg, ice water, baking soda, salt and pepper until foamy; stir into flour mixture to make a smooth paste.
In wok, heat oil over med-high heat. Dip fish into batter to coat. In batches fry fish turning often, until golden and fish flakes easily when tested, 2-3 minutes. Drain on a paper towel-lined plate. Keep warm.
Reserving 2 tbsp of the oil, drain wok and wipe clean. Return reserved oil to wok and heat over med-high heat; stir-fry green onions and ginger until fragrant, 20 seconds.
Add hot and bell peppers; stir-fry until tender-crisp, 1-2 minutes. Add pineapple and tomato; stir-fry for 1 minute. Stir vinegar mixture and add to wok; stir-fry until thickened, about 2 minutes. Ladle over fish. Sprinkle with cilantro leaves and extra green onions if desired.

Submitter: 
luci
Description: 
Polynesian style fish
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
