URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62707078/slapyomomma-ciabatta-breakfast-sandwich/
Title:
SlapYoMomma Ciabatta Breakfast Sandwich Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/613601.jpg
Ingredients:
2 Ciabatta rolls cut horizontally in half (top & bottom).
2 of your favorite 3 ounce sausage patties pressed thin.
2 slices of ham, thinly sliced or deli style.
2 slices of bacon cut in half (4 pieces total).
2 1/8th inch thick slice of red onion or sweet onion like Walla Walla or Vidalia.
4 slices of American cheese
1 tsp of fresh cracked black pepper
2 fresh eggs.  I use brown eggs from my ranch.  Yum!
4 tbsp real butter
3 tbsp olive oil for frying (optional)
SlapYoMomma Sauce consists of:
4 tbsp mayonaisse
5 tbsps Worstershire sauce
3 cloves fresh garlic pressed through garlic press
2-3 drops your favorite hot sauce (optional)

Directions:
I use a griddle for this.  Remember you're making 2 stacks of ingredients here for 2 sandwiches.  2 meat stacks and 2 egg stacks.  Set temp around 385.  Lay on griddle 2 bacon strips (halves)and sausage patties close together.  Prepare SlapYoMomma sauce by combining mayo, Worstershire, garlic and black pepper plus hot sauce if desired.  Once the bacon and sausage are done on one side, flip and add ham slice next to these meats keeping them tight together.  Now you have 2 arrangements of this.  Butter Ciabatta halves and place butter side down on griddle to brown.  Place slice of cheese on meat and turn temp down to 325.  Wait until temp has come down to 325 or medium low.  Crack 2 fresh eggs on griddle and gently break the yolks with the corner of a spatula.  As soon as possible turn eggs over, place onion slice on egg then top with slice of cheese.  Remove Ciabatta halves and slather heavily with SlapYoMomma sauce, both top and bottom.  Place the bottom half on top of the meats on the griddle with the cheese contacting the roll.  Place the top half of roll on top of the egg stack for about a minute.  Slide spatula under the meat stack, place a plate on top and flip over so bun is on the plate.  Slide spatula under the egg, onion, cheese and top bun stack and place on top of the meat stack.  Serve with extra SlapYoMomma sauce to dip in.  For an extra heart stopping delight, add a palm sized chunk of crisply fried hash browns to the meat stack on top, then place the egg stack or replace the mayonnaise in the sauce with your favorite bearnaise or hollandaise sauce.  UMHH- UMHH- UMHH!  Got to be slappin' yo momma!

Submitter: 
slap yo momma
Description: 
The secret is the Worstershire in my SlapYoMomma sauce combined with strict adherence to the order of placement of the ingredients on the roll.  Once you have one of these, you'd slap yo momma to get one but mom will be pleased that you learned how to make one right here.  This will insure you're still in the will.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
