URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62702969/classic-lasagna/
Title:
Classic Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
9 lasagna noodles
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 pound ground beef
1 pound bulk Italian sausage
1 (16 ounce) can sliced mushrooms, drained
1 teaspoon garlic salt
2 T. Italian Seasoning
2 (15 ounce) cans tomato sauce
1 (6 ounce) can tomato paste with garlic/oregano/basil and 2 cans of water
salt and pepper to taste
1 (15 ounce) container ricotta cheese
2 T. Parsley
3 eggs, beaten
1/3 cup grated Parmesan cheese
2 (6 ounce) packages sliced mozzarella cheese (need 9 slices)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add the lasagna noodles and olive oil; cook until al dente, 8 to 10 minutes; drain.
Cook the ground beef and sausage in a large pot over medium heat; drain. Stir in the mushrooms, garlic salt, Italian Seasoning,  and tomato sauce and tomato paste and 12 ouonces of water. Season with salt and pepper; simmer 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, mix together the ricotta cheese, eggs,Parsley and Parmesan cheese in a bowl.
Ladle enough of the meat sauce into a 9x13 inch baking dish to cover the bottom in a thin layer. Form a layer atop the sauce with 3 of the lasagna noodles. Spread about 1/4 of the ricotta cheese mixture over the noodles. Place about 3 slices of the mozzarella cheese over the ricotta cheese mixture and then ladle about 1/3 of the meat sauce over the mozzarella cheese. Repeat layering twice more, topping with the remaining slices of mozzarella cheese.
Bake covered with foil in preheated oven 60 minutes.  Remove foil and cook additional 30 minutes. Allow to sit 10 to 15 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Laura
Description: 
Make this classic lasagna recipe zestier by using hot Italian sausage or a little milder with regular Italian sausage.  It's a great dish to make for a crowd and easy to adjust for varying tastes.  The leftovers are even better when reheated the next day.Modified from: Classic Lasagna
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
