URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62714999/paella/
Title:
Paella Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/617365.jpg
Ingredients:
Ingredients For 6 People:
1.  Vegetables:
3  Medium size carrots
1  Celery stalk
1  Large onion
1  Cup frozen peas
3 Tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
Some parsely for final garnish (chopped)
2  Medium size tomatos (for final garnish)
Salt to taste
2.  Fish:
2 Packages of prepared  Frozen seafood for Pasta or Risotto dishes (*Take packages out of freezer
15 mts before cooking)
500 grams of precooked shrimps (Better if Large) or Frozen will do fine
3.  Rice
300  grams rice for Risotto, the best is Carnaroli but any Risotto quality rice will do
1 Clove Garlic
1 pouch Saffron *(diluted in 5 teaspoons of warm water)
Salt to taste
3 Tablespoons of extra virgin olive oil
1 boullion cube (too make about 300 ml of broth)(about 15oz.'s)

Directions:
1.  Peel and cut carrots in sticks, Clean celery stalk and slice thinly, peel and dice onion, put 3 tablespoons of extravirgin olive oil in a deep non stick pan and saute' with a couple of pinches of salt then cover with lid and cook at low heat till tender,  add frozen peas near end  stirring often adding some boullion if necessary, enough just so it doesn't stick to bottom, when cooked set aside for later.
2.  Take frozen seafood out of package and put in a large non stick pan.  Turn on medium heat and cover, chelk and stir often.  Cooking time is usually 10 minutes (chelk package directions).  After having cooked 5 minutes add the prawns cook for 5 minutes more and turn off heat.
3.  Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a deep large pan (like the ones for boiling pasta), add crushed garlic clove for 1 or 2 minutes (be careful not to let it burn) and discard, now add rice and stir with a wooden spoon till it gets nice and toasted (like when you make rice pilaf or risotto),  add a couple of ladles of boullion and stir, once it has evaporated add more boullion,enough to cover rice  (You may also add a few tablespoons of broth from the seafood you have previously cooked), stir often and be careful not to let it stick to bottom, you know it's ready when rice is tender and seperates easily and broth is fully absorbed.  * Now you may stir in the diluted saffron.
--Be careful not to add to much boullion or you will get a liquidy rice or clumpy overcooked rice.
4.  Spread rice onto a large serving dish, spread out evenly, pour on the vegetables  spread evenly and finally top with Seafood, add chopped tomatos, a sprinkle of chopped parsely and serve while hot.

Submitter: 
Bellissima
Description: 
Typical Spanish Seafood Dish.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 hr and 20 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
