URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62717996/tuna-noodle-casserole-from-scratch/
Title:
Tuna Noodle Casserole from Scratch Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (8 ounce) package uncooked medium egg noodles
1/2 medium onion, finely chopped
1 stalk celery, finely chopped
2 cloves garlic, minced
8 ounces button mushrooms, sliced
1/8 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup evaporated milk
1 cup chicken broth
salt and pepper to taste
1/8-1/4 t. nutmeg
1/2 t. thyme
1/8-1/4 t. ground red pepper
2-4 oz cream cheese
1/2 c cheddar cheese
2 (6 ounce) cans tuna, drained and flaked
1 cup frozen peas, thawed
1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C). Spray a medium baking dish (8x8) with Pam.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add egg noodles, cook for 8 to 10 minutes, until al dente, and drain.
Melt 1 teaspoon butter or EVOO in a skillet over medium-low heat. Stir in the onion, celery, and garlic, and cook 5 minutes, until tender. Increase heat to medium-high, and mix in mushrooms. Continue to cook and stir 5 minutes, or until most of the liquid has evaporated.
Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a medium saucepan, and whisk in flour until smooth. Gradually whisk in milk, cream cheese and shredded cheddar.  Continue cooking 5 minutes, until sauce is smooth and slightly thickened. Season with salt, pepper, thyme, nutmeg and red pepper. Stir in tuna, peas, mushroom mixture, and cooked noodles. Transfer to the baking dish. Add additional cheddar cheese to top.  Top with crushed potato chips or bread crumbs.  Bake 25 minutes in the preheated oven, or until bubbly and lightly browned.

Submitter: 
Daisy K
Description: 
No canned soup mix in this recipe! Mushrooms, onions, celery, and peas all go into this comfort casserole.Modified from: Tuna Noodle Casserole from Scratch
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
