URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62710261/jans-peanut-butter-stuffed-pretzel-bites/
Title:
Jan's Peanut Butter Stuffed Pretzel Bites. Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/615252.jpg
Ingredients:
16 ounce bag of SNYDER'S "Snaps" pretzels (little squares)
1, 16 ounce package of confectioners sugar
1 1/4 cup creamy peanut butter
1/4 cup butter
1-4 tablespoons milk
2, 8 ounce packages of semi sweet baking squares such as BAKER'S brand.  (You can also use white chocolate baking squares)
2 tablespoons shortening

Directions:
For the filling
In a mixer bowl combine the peanut butter and butter.  Mix until well combined.
Add 2 tablespoons of milk and mix well.
Add in confectioners sugar and beat until fully incorporated.
If the mixture is too crumbly or stiff, add 1 tablespoon of milk at a time until mixture pulls together and you can form a small ball that holds it's shape.
Line 2 cookie sheets with foil or parchment paper.
Count out 192 pretzel squares.
Using about 1 teaspoon of peanut butter filling, roll filling in to a ball and place on one pretzel.
Place a second pretzel on top and press firmly together.
Push any filling that may squish out the sides with your fingers to form the square of the pretzel.
Place on cookie sheet and finish with remaining pretzels.
To make the chocolate coating
Place the chocolate squares and shortening in a double boiler filled with water.
Melt chocolate over medium heat stirring occasionally.
Once all the chocolate has melted begin dipping the filled pretzels in the chocolate.
Tap off excess and place on cookie sheets to set up.
Refrigerate for 30 minutes.
Remove from cookie sheet to an air tight container for storage.
If you are creative with decorating candy then surface of the pretzel is nice and flat for adding flowers, a monogram or whatever you like.

Submitter: 
What's for dinner, mom?
Description: 
Creamy peanut butter sandwiched between crispy pretzels enrobed in chocolate. Makes a nice addition to a holiday desert tray.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
96
Nutritional Facts:
NA
