URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62719795/baked-chicken-alfredo/
Title:
Baked Chicken Alfredo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup butter
8 ounce of cream cheese ( 1 package)
2 cups of milk
2 teaspoons of minced garlic
1 teaspoon of Italian seasoning
2 teaspoon of dried parsley
1/2 teaspoon of salt
1/2 teaspoon of black pepper
6 ounces of grated Parmesan cheese
1 teaspoon of olive oil
2 chicken breast
1/2 teaspoon of garlic powder
1/2 teaspoon of salt
1 box of Penne pasta

Directions:
Cook pasta according to box directions, drain, and set aside.
In a medium saucepan, add butter until melted. Add in minced garlic and sauteed until lightly brown. Add cream cheese and stir until smooth. Add milk and stir until all lumps are gone. Turn to medium heat. Add salt, pepper, Italian seasoning, dried parsley, and 3/4 of the Parmesan cheese. Remove from heat when all lumps are gone and sauce comes to a slight boil. Set aside.
In a pan, add olive oil until hot. Pat chicken breast dry with a paper cloth and dash with salt and garlic powder on both sides. Brown chicken on low heat on both sides until cooked. Cube chickens into 1/2 inch size.
Heat oven to 375 F. In casserole dish, butter bottom and sides. Add one layer of pasta until bottom is completely covered. Add half of the chicken. Cover with 1/2 of the sauce. Repeat: pasta, chicken, and sauce. On the top layer, sprinkle the rest of the Parmesan cheese. Bake covered with foil for 15 minutes and 5 minutes with the foil removed.
Serve with additional Kraft Parmesan cheese if desired (a big hit with the kids). This recipe can also be eaten without being baked but the kids love that it resembles baked casseroles found in restaurants.

Submitter: 
hkopinions
Description: 
This recipe is quick and easy where any novice cook can do it. It was made for the little ones who always wanted to order out at Pizza hut or Olive Garden.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
