URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62711190/doberge-cake/
Title:
Doberge Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/615652.jpg
Ingredients:
Cake:
1 1/2 sticks butter (3/4 c.)
2 c. sugar
1/2 tsp. salt
4 eggs, separated
1 c. milk
3 tsp. baking powder
3 1/2 cups sifted cake flour
1 tsp. lemon juice
1 tsp. vanilla
Custard:
2 c. granulated sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
4 tbsp. flour
4 tbsp. cornstarch
1/4 c. cocoa powder
2 squares bittersweet baking chocolate
4 large eggs
1 tbsp. butter
1 tbsp. vanilla
4 c. whole milk
Buttercream frosting:
3 c. confectioners' sugar
2 sticks butter, softened
1 tsp. vanilla
1 c. cocoa powder
Ganache:
2 c. semisweet chocolate chips
2 c. heavy cream
2. tsp. vanilla

Directions:
Cake:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees and grease 3 9-inch cake pans.
Beat egg whites to stiff peak stage, set aside. Cream butter, sugar and salt until smooth. Add egg yolks, one at a time, and blend until smooth.
Add sifted dry ingredients alternately with milk. Beat until blended. Add vanilla and lemon juice. Gently fold in stiffly beaten egg whites. Pour 1/3 of the batter into each pan, spreading evenly over bottom. Bake 15-20 minutes, or until lightly golden brown and just pulling from the sides of the pan. Do not over bake. Turn slightly cooled cakes onto cooling rack.
Custard:
Stir dry ingredients together in a saucepan, then add the wet ingredients, stirring well. Cook over medium heat until thickened, stirring constantly. (this step usually takes 7-10 minutes, but go by consistency, not time.)Remove from heat and allow to cool.
Chocolate Buttercream:
Slowly and gradually cream sugar and butter, then gradually add cocoa,and vanilla. If too thick, add a little hot water, very slowly, until desired consistency is reached.
Ganache:
Place chocolate chips in a large mixing bowl.
In a saucepan, heat heavy cream to steaming, but not boiling.
Remove from the heat, and pour over the chips. Let stand for a minute or two, then whisk until smooth, scraping the bowl occasionally.
Stir in the vanilla until well blended.
Cover and allow to cool at room temperature, until spreadable but not firm.
For assembly, see footnotes.

Submitter: 
metread
Description: 
Originally a Hungarian treat (pronounced Do-bash), this cake made it's way to New Orleans, where it has become a staple in Louisiana. It's my husband's all time favorite, and has become a birthday tradition.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
3 h
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
