URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62714198/pull-apart-easter-blossom-bread/
Title:
Pull-apart Easter Blossom Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/616980.jpg
Ingredients:
6-7 cups flour
1 tbsp rapid rise yeast
1/2 cup sugar
1/4 tsp salt
1 3/4 cup milk
1/2 cup unsalted butter
3 eggs, lightly beaten
zest of 1 lemon, minced
1 egg yolk
1 tbsp water
1/2 cup seedless jam
1 cup powdered sugar
1-2 tbsp lemon juice

Directions:
Combine 4 cups flour, yeast, 1/2 cup sugar and salt and mix well.
Heat milk and butter together and allow to cool until it is hot but does not burn your skin.  Temper eggs with hot milk mixture by slowly pouring milk into eggs while stirring. Add lemon zest to egg mixture and then pour into the dry ingredients and mix well.
Add enough remaining flour to make a soft dough and knead on a lightly floured surface until smooth and elastic (8-10 minutes).  Place dough in an oiled bowl, turning once to coat, covered in plastic wrap and allow to rise in a warm place until doubled (about 1 hour).
Punch dough down and allow to rest for 10 minutes.
Divide dough in half and roll each half out into 12 inch circles.  Place an inverted glass in the center of each circle and cut into 4 equal sections from the edge of the glass to the outer edge of the dough circle.
Cut each of the sections into 5 even strips.  Twist two strips together and pinch the ends together.  Remove glass and loosley coil one of the twists on top of the circle left by the glass.  Coil remaining twists carefully toward center to form flowers.
Repeat with remaining round.
Carefully trasfer dough rounds onto a greased baking sheet, reshaping if needed.  Cover with a clean t-towel and allow to rise in a warm place until nearly doubled (30-45 minutes).  Beat together egg yolk and water and brush gently over bread.
Bake in a 375 F oven for 25 minutes until golden.  Allow to cool, use your fingers to deepen indents in the center of each blossom if necessary and fill with your favorite jam.
Mix togther powdered sugar and lemon juice until it reaches drizzling consistancy and drizzle over bread.

Submitter: 
Sarah-May
Description: 
A rich eggy dough is twisted into pretty flowers then filled with jam in this decadent Easter bread.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
