URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62719201/cbecker-vegetarian-chili/
Title:
CBecker Vegetarian Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Black beans, 1 cup dry
Small Red beans, 1 cup dry
Great Northern beans, 1 cup dry
Tomato Sauce, 15 oz can (such as Red Gold)
Chipotles with Adobe Sauce, 7 oz can
Diced Tomatoes with Zesty Mild Chiles (such as Del Monte), 14.5oz can
Diced Tomatoes with Chili spices (such as Del Monte), 14.5oz can
Ground black pepper, 1-2 Tbls.
Ground Cayenne Pepper, 1-2 Tbls.
Ground Cumin, 1/2-1 Tbls.

Directions:
Soak dried beans according to package directions.  You can soak the black & red beans together, but I would recommend soaking the Northern beans in a separate bowl.  Soak overnight, or at least 6-8 hrs.
Drain water from the soaked beans, put beans in a saucepan or cooking pot and submerge with water.  Bring to boil, then cover and reduce heat to low-simmer.  Cook for 1-2 hrs (this depends on how long you soaked your beans for).  IMPORTANT: Do not cook them over a high heat - this will cause them to break apart!
While beans are cooking, put chipotle peppers in a food processor and pulse on low until they are no longer in large pieces.  I used 16 of the 18 peppers in the can b/c I used two of them in another recipe, but you can use the entire can.
In a bowl on the side open tomato sauce can, and add to processed chipotle peppers.  Add spices & diced tomatoes to mixture (I did not drain the tomatoes).
Drain water from the cooked beans, taste them to make sure they are tender enough for you!
Add tomato sauce mixture to drained beans in the cooking pot (I wiped mine out due to residue ring in the pot).
Cover or leave un-cover, cook the entire mixture on medium-low to medium until the tomato sauce is hot and mixed throughout the beans.  Avoid using a hard utensil to avoid breaking the beans, I used a spatula.

Submitter: 
CBecker
Description: 
Chili made with dried beans that has an awesome flavor!  My meat eating man enjoys it when I make this dish!  Pair with some nice cornbread and enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30-45 min.
Ready in:
10 hrs 30 min.
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
