URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62717790/grandmas-old-italian-spaghetti-sauce-with-meatballs/
Title:
Grandma's Old Italian Spaghetti Sauce with Meatballs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Sauce Mixture:
2 tablespoons olive oil
3 whole garlic cloves, peeled
1/2 cup finely chopped onions
2 pig's feet (optional)
2 pound pork neck bones
2 (6 ounce) cans tomato paste
2 cups water
2 (28 ounce) cans tomato puree
1 (28 ounce) can crushed tomato with puree
2 (15 ounce) cans of tomato sauce
2 tablespoon white sugar
1 teaspoon black pepper
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon dried rosemary
1 teaspoon dried thyme
Meatball mixture:
1 cup of dry bread crumbs
7 eggs, beaten
3 pound ground pork or Italian saugage
3 pound ground beef
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 clove garlic, minced
3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil
salt and pepper to taste
6 hard-boiled eggs, peeled (optional)

Directions:
Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil over medium heat in the bottom of a large stock pot, and fry the garlic cloves and onions 5 to 8 minutes, until brown and fragrant. Remove the garlic cloves and set aside. Place the pig's feet and pork neck bones in the stock pot and fry, turning occasionally, until the meat and bones have browned, about 15 minutes.
Return the garlic cloves to the saucepan, and stir in the tomato paste and 2 cups of water. Bring to a boil, and pour in the tomato puree, crushed tomatos and tomato sauce. Reduce heat to low, cover and simmer with low heat for about 3 hours, stirring from the bottom often to prevent burning, until the pig's feet are tender and the mixture begins to thicken. Take out the pig's feet and pork neck bones.  Let cool. Then strip off the cooked meat add just the meat back to the sauce. Stir in the sugar, pepper, rosemary, thyme and baking soda. Continue to simmer while you prepare the meatballs.
Meatball mixture
Add your ground pork and ground beef. Mix thoroughly Add your beaten eggs mix thoroghly.  Add your bread crumbs mix 1/2 cup at a time mix thoroghly and form into 32 meatballs about 2 1/2 inches in diameter.
Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat, stir in the minced garlic and chopped fresh basil, let them cook for about 1 minute, and then add the meatballs. Season with salt and pepper to taste, and fry them on all sides until brown, about 15 minutes, working in batches, if necessary.
Place the browned meatballs, along with the oil, garlic, and basil from the skillet into the sauce, stirring lightly to avoid breaking them. Add the whole hard-boiled eggs, and simmer for about 1 1/2 more hours, until the meatballs are cooked, the sauce is thick, and all the flavors have blended.

Submitter: 
lizardsgarden
Description: 
Call it sauce or call it gravy, it's an old-school spaghetti sauce and meatballs, with pig feet and pork neck bones to build layers of flavor. It's simmered for most of a day. Serve with spaghetti.

Best taste if you make sauce and meatballs a day ahead of serving. That way the seasoning have time to meld together.Modified from: Grandma's Old Italian Spaghetti Sauce with Meatballs
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
5 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
