URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62719928/potato-less-shepards-pie-ii/
Title:
Potato-less Shepard's Pie II Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/582029.jpg
Ingredients:
Mashed Root Vegetables:
1 tablespoon canola oil
8 ounces carrots cut into 1/4 inch-thick slices
1 large yam, peeled, quartered lengthwise, and cut crosswise into 1/4 inch-thick slices; rinsed well
1/3 cup low-sodium chicken stock
2 tablespoons cream
2 tsp table salt
1 tsp ground black pepper
Mashed Cauliflower:
2 heads raw cauliflower
2 tablespoons cream
table salt
ground black pepper
Ground Sirloin with Gravy:
1 tablespoon canola oil
2 cloves garlic, chopped finely
1 chopped onion
1 pound lean ground sirloin
butter (if needed)
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
1 cup beef broth
1/2 cup red wine
salt and pepper to taste
1/4 cup shredded Cheddar cheese
3/4 cup raw, fresh corn

Directions:
Mashed Root Vegetables:
Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add carrots, cook, stirring occasionally, until butter and carrots are browned (10 to 12 minutes).
Add yams, chicken stock, and 1 tsp salt. Cook, covered, over med-low heat (stock should simmer gently), stir occasionally, until yams fall apart easily when poked with fork and all liquid has been absorbed, 25 to 30 minutes. (If liquid remains when yams are done, drain off.) Remove pan from heat; remove lid and cool for a few minutes.
Rice yams and carrots into bowl. Fold in cream. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Set aside.
Mashed Cauliflower:
Break cauliflower into florets. Cook in steamer until tender. Let cool for a few minutes.
Use food processor with a shredding disc to shred cauliflower in batches. Change to metal dough blade, add cream, and salt and pepper to taste. Mix ~10 seconds with dough blade. Set aside.
Ground Sirloin with Gravy:
Heat oil in large frying pan. Add garlic and onion. Cook until onion softens. Add ground beef and cook until browned.
Heat small frying pan on med heat. From the beef mixture, drain fat but reserve 2 tbs of fat and put into the small pan. If you don't have 2 tbs of fat, add and melt butter to get to 2 tbs of fat. Stir in 2 tbs flour and cook until roux is caramel. Add beef broth and Worcestershire sauce and bring to simmer.
Add wine to beef mixture in the large fry pan. Once heated, add beef gravy.
Final Assembly:
Preheat oven to 400F.
Spread beef mixture in even layer on bottom of 2 quart casserole dish. Sprinkle fresh (or frozen) corn over ground beef. Spread layer of cauliflower. Top with mashed root vegetables. Sprinkle with shredded cheese.
Bake in preheated oven for 20 minutes, or until golden brown.

Submitter: 
Nesto
Description: 
Ok, you will use yams, but this is South Beach Phase II friendly. Fat is kept in check, but you could make it a little less fat by leaving out the cheese and cutting down on the cream used.Modified from: Potato-less Shepherd's Pie
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
