URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62726280/best-garlic-mashed-potatoes-recipe/
Title:
Best Garlic Mashed Potatoes Recipe Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/622459.jpg
Ingredients:
4 large potatoes, scrubbed and chopped
2 cloves garlic
¼ cup (approx) vegan milk (rice, hemp, almond, etc...) OR water
pinch salt
2 cups mushrooms, sliced
2 tsp olive oil
¼ cup red wine
¼ cup water (can be from potatoes)
2 Tbsp balsamic vinegar
salt, to taste
1 Tbsp kuzu or arrowroot powder (or flour)

Directions:
Boil the potato chunks in lightly salted water until they are soft, about 20 minutes. Saute (minced) or bake (whole) the garlic cloves. Drain the potatoes (save some water for the gravy if you like), leaving some water in to mash them with. Mash, adding garlic, grain/nut milk and salt to your personal taste and texture. Using a hand blender or beaters will make your potatoes very creamy if you like that.
While the potatoes boil, make the gravy by sauteeing the mushrooms in the oil until they are very dark and soft. This will take about 20 minutes. Once they have released and then reabsorbed their own liquid, deglaze the pan with red wine. Add the water and balsamic vinegar, along with a pinch of salt to bring the flavors together.
Keep this on the heat while you dissolve the arrowroot in a small amount of water. Stir it into the sauce, and keep stirring until it heats almost to a boil and thickens. Serve the potatoes topped with a big spoonful of mushroom gravy.

Submitter: 
Heather: Healthy Vegan Recipes
Description: 
This best garlic mashed potatoes recipe is not a meal in itself, but is wonderful served along with a veggie burger or a bean salad. Making healthy vegan recipes like this are crucial to satisfying the people you hope to win over to a vegan diet. Men are especially attached to potatoes for some reason.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
