URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62726141/chocolate-marble-pound-cake--for-real-chocolate-lovers/
Title:
CHOCOLATE MARBLE POUND CAKE -For Real Chocolate Lovers! Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
CHOCOLATE MARBLE CAKE
3 cups white granulated sugar
2 sticks butter, softened
8 extra large eggs
1 Tablespoon vanilla extract
4 3/4 cups flour, sifted
1 Tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/4 cups buttermilk
2 Tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder sifted
2 squares Bakers Unsweetened Chocolate, melted
3/4 c. Nestle chocolate bits, melted
2 t. almond extract

Directions:
* Take butter and eggs out of the refrigerator 45 minutes ahead of time. You get greater volume with soft butter & eggs that are not too cold.
In a large bowl, beat sugar and butter until light and fluffy. Add eggs one at a time. Add vanilla.
In a separate bowl, sift together flour, baking powder, and salt.
Beginning and ending with the dry ingredients, add flour mixture alternately with buttermilk beating at low speed just until well mixed. -Over beating produces a tough cake.
Remove about 2 1/2 cups batter to a medium bowl.
Add 2t. almond extract to the yellow batter in the large bowl (only the yellow batter will have the almond flavoring).
In the medium bowl, fold together the cocoa, melted bakers unsweetened chocolate, and melted Nestle semi sweet chocolate into the small amount of  batter until well blended. (be sure the chocolate is not too hot or it will cook the batter). This will be your chocolate mixture to marbleize the cake.
Grease a 10 inch tube pan.
Spoon vanilla and chocolate batters in alternate layers, into the prepared pan. With a tablespoon or broad knife, and a twisting/turning/or zigzag motion, swirl the batters together to create a marbleized effect. When done, sharply tap the pan on the counter to remove air bubbles.
Bake in a aluminum tube pan (angel food cake pan) 350* degrees F for 1 hour, or longer until a toothpick or skewer inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean. Be careful to not over bake. It should just be done...not overdone and dry.
Cool cake in the pan, on a wire rack, for approximately 10 minutes. Run a sharp knife along the edges to carefully release cake. Remove cake from the pan, and cool completely before transferring to a serving plate. -May be lightly dusted with confectioners sugar

Submitter: 
Elizabeth Kessler
Description: 
A beautiful, moist and tall marble pound cake with intense chocolate flavor in the marbling! YUM!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
