URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62729026/chocolate-peanut-butter-gelato/
Title:
Chocolate Peanut Butter Gelato Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/623664.jpg
Ingredients:
Half and Half, 1 cup
Whole Milk, 2 cups
Granulated Sugar, 2/3 cup
Cocoa Powder, 1/4 cup
Vanilla Extract, 1 tsp
Egg substitute, liquid, 1 cup
Salt, 1 dash (if peanut butter is salty enough, omit this)
Peanut Butter (smooth), 1/2 cup (reduced fat is fine also. if using natural peanut butter, adjust sugar and salt accordingly)

Directions:
In a pot, combine half-and-half, milk, and cocoa powder.
Heat on a medium flame until mixture is hot through, but not boiling (130 deg F, if you're measuring). Stir occasionally to avoid formation of a skin and to break up lumps in the cocoa.
While milk is heating, combine sugar and egg substitute in a separate bowl. Whisk until sugar is incorporated.
Temper egg mixture with a little of the hot milk mixture (add a little hot milk into eggs to heat them). Combine well, and add tempered eggs back into the milk on the stove. With flame on medium-low, stir mixture until it thickens enough to coat the back of a spoon (185 deg F) but DO NOT let boil.
Turn off heat. Add vanilla and peanut butter and stir until melted and combined. Strain if desired (I don't care enough to). Let cool while stirring every so-often until steam stops rising and no condensation will form on the surface of the lid when base is refrigerated. This can be done in an ice-water bath if so desired.
Chill mix thoroughly (preferably overnight) and freeze in an ice cream maker according to manufacturer's instructions.
Mix expands somewhat on freezing (depending on how much air your ice cream maker churns in), so you may have to freeze in multiple batches or halve the recipe. Make sure you have enough containers to store the finished product.
Once the ice cream maker finishes its work, the result will be like soft-serve. After several hours in the freezer, the gelato will be firm, but will still scoop without having to sit at room temperature.

Submitter: 
talifuss
Description: 
The original recipe called for heavy cream and egg yolks. This is my attempt to lighten it a little. The photo is of the gelato base. See footnote for dairy-free version.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
overnight + freeze time
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
