URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62723801/hunters-blackened-chicken-tacos-with-chipotle-mayo/
Title:
Hunter's Blackened Chicken Tacos with Chipotle Mayo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/621278.jpg
Ingredients:
Pita Bread
------------
2 1/2 cup bread flour
2 tsp salt
1 tbs sugar
2 tsp dry active yeast
2 tbs olive oil
1 cup warm water
Chipotle Mayo
--------------
1/2 cup mayo
1/2 cup sour cream
4 tbs lime (or 1/2 lime & 1/2 lemon)
3 tsp minced chipotle chilis in adobo sauce
1 jalepeno minced
2 tbs minced red onion
1/2 tsp salt
3 tbs cilantro minced
dash pepper
dash cayenne
1 tsp. minced garlic
Blackened chicken
---------------------
2 boneless chicken breasts skinned
2 tbsp vegetable oil
Seasoning mix for chicken
--------------------------
1 tbs paprika
2 1/2 tsp salt
1 tsp onion powder
1 tsp garlic powder
1 tsp cayenne pepper
1 tsp white pepper
1 tsp black pepper
1/2 tsp dry thyme
1/2 tsp dry oregeno

Directions:
Prepare pita bread by mixing sifted flour and salt in a bowl. In a separate bowl mix warm water (115 degrees) with sugar and yeast, let set for about 10 minutes or until very foamy. Add yeast water to flour and stir. Add in oil and mix until it is clumped together. The walls of the bowl should be clean, if not add a bit more flour until a nice dough ball is formed. Knead dough on floured surface for about minutes. Divide into six pieces and roll into balls. Cover balls with a damp towel and let sit 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 500 degrees. After the first rise, roll out each dough ball into about 3/8 inch thick circles. Put each circle on a piece of foil and place directly on oven rack. Cook for five minutes or until dough puffs. Remove and stack to flatten. Put them together in a freezer bag to soften and keep soft.
Prepare the mayo by mixing all ingredients for the mayo in a bowl. Refrigerate at least thirty minutes. This can be made up to a day ahead.
For the chicken, mix all the seasoning in a bowl then coat the chicken breasts. Heat oil in a skillet and then sear the chicken on each side (about three minutes per side). Put chicken in an oven proof pan and cook at 350 degrees for 8-10 minutes or until juice runs clear. Dice chicken and fill pitas with lettuce, mayo and chicken. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Sweet_CarolineS
Description: 
Delicious blackened chicken in homemade pitas and topped with a chipotle mayo.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
60
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
