URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62728425/rustic-flatbread-pizza/
Title:
Rustic Flatbread Pizza Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/623428.jpg
Ingredients:
6 cremini mushrooms
8 asparagus spears
1/2 pound applewood-smoked bacon
1/2 cup asiago cheese
1/2 cup mozzarella cheese
3 cloves garlic
1 store bought flatbread (I used PC Stone-Baked Cheese Flatbread) or you can make your own (I really enjoyed Terri's "Foccacia Bread" recipe!)
3/4 cup marinara sauce (I used PC Spicy Roasted Garlic)
2 tbsp olive oil

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees (or whatever your chosen flatbread recipe calls for).
Preheat small pan to medium heat. Slice cremini mushrooms into slices 1/4" thick and dice garlic. Allow 1 tbsp of olive oil to heat through then add mushrooms and garlic. Season with salt and pepper. Simmer and occasionally stir until all liquids have evaporated. Set aside.
Preheat another pan to medium-high heat. Cut asparagus spears lengthwise into two. Cut each half spear into thirds, creating roughly 2 inch sections. Add other tablespoon of olive oil to pan and allow to heat through. Add asparagus and saute until vibrant green and lightly charred. Do not overcook or it will lose its crunch in the oven. Set aside.
Chop the bacon into 6 pieces width wise, creating roughly 2 inch by 2 inch squares. Add bacon to large pan on medium heat. Remove excess fat as this results in crispier bacon (and flatbread). Once cooked, place between two layers of doubled paper towel to remove any excess fat.
Spread marinara sauce on top of the flatbread. Top with mushrooms and garlic, followed by asparagus, then bacon. Sprinkle mozzarella on top, then asiago.
Place completed flatbread pizza on a foil-covered baking sheet. Cook in preheated oven for 12-15 minutes.*

Submitter: 
smerki
Description: 
Applewood-smoked bacon, cremini mushrooms, asparagus and asiago cheese all come together on a thin, crunchy flatbread to create a hearty and delicious main. Preparation may take some time, but the finished product is well worth every second. Serve alongside a fresh green salad for nice balance.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
45
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
