URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62721352/indian-spiced-chicken-asparagus/
Title:
Indian-Spiced Chicken & Asparagus Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 teaspoons cumin seeds
1 1/2 teaspoons fennel seeds
1 pound chicken tenders, cut into bite-size chunks
3/4 teaspoon salt, divided
2 tablespoons canola oil, divided
1 medium onion, chopped
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 small fresh chile, seeded and minced
1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger
1 1/2 bunches asparagus (about 1 1/2 pounds), woody ends trimmed, cut into 1-inch pieces
1/2 cup “lite” coconut milk (see Tip)
1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro

Directions:
1.Toast cumin and fennel seeds in a small dry skillet over medium heat until fragrant and beginning to brown, about 2 minutes. Finely grind in a spice grinder (such as a clean coffee grinder) or with a mortar and pestle.
2.Toss chicken with 1 1/2 teaspoons of the spice mixture and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a bowl. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the chicken and cook, stirring frequently, until browned, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove to a plate.
3.Reduce heat to medium and add the remaining 1 tablespoon oil, onion, garlic, chile and ginger; cook, stirring, until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Add asparagus, sprinkle with the remaining spice mixture and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Stir in coconut milk and the remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt and simmer for 2 minutes more. Return the chicken and any accumulated juice to the pan and cook until the chicken is just cooked through and the asparagus is tender-crisp, about 2 minutes more. Serve sprinkled with cilantro.

Submitter: 
Irene Padilla Lopez
Description: 
This easy chicken-and-asparagus sauté is boldly seasoned with aromatic cumin and fennel; the seeds are toasted in a skillet before grinding to bring out the most flavor. If you don’t want to buy a whole jar of the spices, look for them in the bulk spice section in natural-foods stores and buy just what you need for this recipe. Serve over brown rice, millet or quinoa.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
