URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62722762/broccoli-and-cheese-casserole/
Title:
Broccoli and Cheese Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Topping:
2 slices white sandwich bread, torn into quarters
1 T unsalted butter, melted
Filling:
Salt
2 # broccoli (about 1 large bunch), florets trimmed to 1-in pieces, stalks peeled and chopped medium
3 T unsalted butter
1 med. garlic clove, minced or pressed through a garlic press (about 1 t)
1/2 t dry mustard
Pinch cayenne pepper
3 T all-purpose flour
1 1/2 C whole milk
1 C chicken broth
8 oz. Colby cheese, shredded (about 1 1/3 C)
4 oz sharp cheddar cheese, shredded (about 1 1/3 C)
Ground black pepper

Directions:
For the topping: Process bread and butter in food processor until coarsely ground, about six 1-sec. pulses; set aside.
For the filling: Adjust oven rack to middle position and heat oven to 400 degrees. Bring 4 qts. of water to a boil in large pot. Add 1 T salt and broccoli to the boiling water; cover and cook until bright green and crisp-tender, about 3 min. Drain and leave it in the colander; set aside.
Meanwhile, melt the butter in a med. saucepan over med. heat. Stir in garlic, mustard, and cayenne; cook until fragrant, about 30 sec. Add flour and cook, stirring constantly, until flour turns golden, about 1 min. Slowly whisk in broth and milk; bring to a simmer and cook, whisking often, until large bubbles erupt at the surface and mixture is slightly thickened, about 5 min. Off the heat, whisk in the colby and cheddar. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
Spread the broccoli in a 13 x 9-in baking dish (or shallow casserole dish of similar size). Whisk cheese sauce again briefly and pour over broccoli. Sprinkle with the bread-crumb topping. Bake until golden brown and bubbling around edges, about 15 min. Cool for 5 min. before serving.

Submitter: 
Judy Bodnar
Description: 
If you cannot find colby cheese, longhorn will work just as well. Recipe comes from Cook's Illustrated. com
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
