URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62728916/shrimp-and-mango-fried-rice/
Title:
Shrimp and Mango Fried Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/623616.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup brown rice
1/4 tsp salt
1 tbsp butter
1 medium to large onion, chopped
1 large red pepper, chopped
1/2 cup chopped broccoli florets
1/2 cup chopped carrots
1 tbsp olive oil
2 tsp cajun seasoning
1/2 tsp cilantro
1-2 cloves minced garlic
cayenne pepper to taste (2-3 dashes)
1 cup shrimp, peeled, deveined, tail-off, uncooked, chopped into bite size pieces
splash of soy sauce
1 cup mango chunks
1/4 cup mango juice

Directions:
Prepare brown rice according to package instructions.
While rice is cooking (usually brown rice takes 45-60 minutes), prepare vegetables (wash, dice, set aside).
When the rice has approximately 15 minutes left, in a large skillet, melt the tbsp of butter. When heated, add onions and saute for 5 minutes. Add red pepper, broccoli and carrots, and saute for another 3-5 minutes or until onions are soft and translucent. Set aside in heat-safe bowl.
After rice is finished, heat olive oil, cajun seasoning, cilantro, garlic and cayenne in the skillet. When hot, add shrimp and saute until half cooked. Add the rice and a few splashes of soy sauce, and fry until shrimp is fully cooked and rice begins to brown slightly.
Add the vegetables, mango juice and mango chunks and bring to a simmer for approximatly 5 minutes, or until the vegetables and mango are heated through.

Submitter: 
Bito
Description: 
A sweet and spicy meal-in-a-skillet thats fairly easy and really delicious! I use frozen mango chunks, but I'm sure fresh would work even better. This recipe calls for Cajun Seasoning, but if you want to make your own it is just a mix of cayenne, black pepper, salt, onion, garlic, chili, thyme and basil. You can also use orange or pineapple juice if you cannot find mango juice.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
