URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62729057/nondairy-chocolate-mousse-cheesecake/
Title:
Nondairy Chocolate Mousse Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Cheesecake (adapted from Taste of Home):
Graham Crackers (plain or chocolate), 1 cup, crushed
Canola Oil, 5 tbsp (or enough to moisten the crumbs)
Tofutti Better Than Cream Cheese, 3 tubs
Lemon Juice, 2 tbsp
Egg, fresh, 3 large, SEPARATED
Granulated Sugar, 3/4 cup
Vanilla Extract, 2 tsp
Mousse (adapted from Julia Child's recipe, via David Liebowitz's blog):
Bittersweet 70% chocolate, 6oz
Margarine, 1.5 stick
Strong coffee, 1/4 cup brewed
Granulated Sugar, 2/3 cup
Granulated Sugar, 1 tbsp
Egg, fresh, 4 large SEPARATED
Dark Rum, 2 tbsp
Water, 1 tbsp
Salt, 1 pinch
Vanilla Extract, 1/2 tsp

Directions:
Cheesecake: In a small bowl, add oil to crumbs until moistened. Press onto bottom of a greased 9” springform pan.
Bake at 375 for 8 min, then remove from oven. Reduce heat to 325.
In a large bowl, beat cream cheese and sugar until smooth. Beat in the lemon juice and vanilla. Add egg yolks; beat on low speed just until combined. In a small bowl, beat egg whites on high until stiff peaks form; fold into cream cheese mixture. Pour into crust. Return pan to oven.
Bake 35 minutes or until center is almost set. Let sit until cool, then chill.
Mousse: In a double boiler (or a bowl sitting on a pot of simmering water), melt together the chocolate, butter and coffee, while stirring, until smooth. Remove from heat.
Fill a large bowl with ice water and set aside.
Again over simmering water, whisk the yolks with the 2/3 cup of sugar, rum, and water for about 3 minutes until the mixture is thick and pale.
Remove from heat and place the bowl of whipped egg yolks into the bowl of ice water and beat until cool and thick; fold the chocolate mixture into the egg yolks.
In a separate bowl, beat egg whites with salt until frothy. Continue to beat until they start to hold their shape. Whip in tablespoon of sugar and continue to beat until thick and shiny, but not completely stiff, then add vanilla.
Fold 1/3 of beaten egg whites into chocolate mixture, then fold in remainder of whites just until incorporated; don’t overdo it or mousse will deflate.
Assembly: Remove pan from fridge and pour mousse over the top. Smooth with a spatula. To serve as-is, cover and chill for at least 4 hours. To ice, cover with plastic wrap flush against the mousse and freeze until mousse does not give when touched. Then proceed to undo springform and ice with cold ganache and chill for several hours un

Submitter: 
talifuss
Description: 
This dessert, the unhealthiest thing I've made to date, took third place in a neighborhood dessert competition. I did it over two days and used two mixers, taking a third day to cover it with a soy ganache and more cookie crumbs. Can be made gluten-free easily by replacing or removing the crumbs.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
60
Ready in:
12+ h
Number of servings: 
32
Nutritional Facts:
NA
