URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62731263/vegitarian-tropical-mexican-pita-pizza/
Title:
Vegitarian Tropical Mexican Pita Pizza Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 pieces of pita bread.
fresh pineapple or 1 can of pineapple chunks.
1 bell pepper
1/2-to-3/4 of a jalapeño pepper/or chipotle
1/2 medium sized onion
2 cloves of garlic
Spaghetti sauce (enough to use as pizza base)
Sriracha hot sauce
Cheese of your choice.
salt to taste
oil for cooking veggies

Directions:
Take the bread and toss it into the oven at about 300 degrees, to dry it out, and make it more crispy.
Cut up all ingredients any way you like, but keep them separate.
Heat up pan to full heat, and toss in bell peppers...let them cook on high for 30 sec - 1 minute..then reduce heat to med high or medium.
After a total of 2 minutes, add the jalapeno/chipotle, and a light dash of salt. (continue to cook until bell peppers have softened slightly).  Remove peppers and place onto a plate.
Meanwhile, put pan pack on high heat, with a little bit more oil.  Once hot, toss in onion...lightly salt the onion, and turn down heat to medium m high and cook for 3-4 minutes. Then toss in chopped garlic, cook for another minute and remove from heat, and place along side of cooked peppers.
Remove pita from oven (at this point it should be much more firm, if not slightly crispy and toasted) and turn oven up to 425 degrees.
On a baking sheet, lay pita bread flat.  (actually, the bread will have a slight 'cup' to it....I prefer to have cup facing up, so that it'll hold the ingredients better).
Place spaghetti sauce on bread. (don't use a LARGE amount of sauce, or it may make the bread soggy). Then layer on peppers, onion, pineapple chunks, hot sauce, and cheese.
Cook in oven until cheese is melty and bubbly....and your done.

Submitter: 
MattyHam
Description: 
Pita pizzas are easy, quick, tasty, and very similar to thin crust pizza. Put on your own toppings, this is just my wifes favorite.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
