URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62738975/jans-take-five-candy-bites/
Title:
Jan's "Take Five" Candy Bites! Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/628372.jpg
Ingredients:
16 ounce bag of SNYDER'S "Snaps" pretzels (little squares)
1 14 ounce bag of caramels
2 cups of confectioners sugar
1-4 tablespoons milk
1 15 oz jar EXTRA crunchy peanut butter
2, 8 ounce packages of semi sweet baking squares such as BAKER'S brand.
2 tablespoons shortening

Directions:
For the filling;
In a mixer bowl combine the peanut butter and confectioners sugar. Begin to blend.
If the mixture is too crumbly or stiff, add 1 tablespoon of milk at a time until mixture pulls together and you can form a small ball that holds it's shape.
Line 2 cookie sheets with foil or parchment paper.
Count out about 100 pretzel squares.
Using about 1 teaspoon of peanut butter filling, roll filling in to a ball and place on one pretzel.
Unwrap a caramel and cut in half. (note - unwrap as you go or the caramel will dry out).
Squeeze the caramel into a flat square the same size as the pretzel.  Lay on top of the peanut butter layer.
Push any filling that may squish out the sides with your fingers to form the square of the pretzel.
Place on cookie sheet and finish with remaining pretzels.
To make the chocolate coating:
Place the chocolate squares and shortening in a double boiler filled with water.
Melt chocolate over medium heat stirring occasionally.
Once all the chocolate has melted begin dipping the filled pretzels in the chocolate.
Tap off excess and place on cookie sheets to set up.
Refrigerate for 30 minutes.
Remove from cookie sheet to an air tight container for storage.
******The caramel will need to return to room temp before eating.  The refrigeration to set the chocolate will harden the caramel.

Submitter: 
What's for dinner, mom?
Description: 
Copycat recipe for the Take 5 candy bar.  Crispy pretzel, crunchy peanut butter and creamy caramel wrapped in chocolate!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
100
Nutritional Facts:
NA
