URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62730203/emerils-100-whole-wheat-pita/
Title:
Emeril's 100% Whole Wheat Pita Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/4 to 1 1/2 cups warm water (I use half boiling, half cold tap water)
A 0.25 oz package of active dry yeast (2 1/4 teaspoons)
1 tsp honey
2 1/2 tbsp extra virgin olive oil, divided
3 cups whole wheat flour
2 tsp salt

Directions:
Directions will be given for a stand mixer, but feel free to mix by hand
Add 1 cup of the water, the yeast, the honey, and 1 1/2 tbsp of the olive oil to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a dough hook
Stir a little by turning the mixer on its lowest speed for a few seconds
Measure the flour and salt into a separate bowl
With the mixer on low, gradually add the flour and salt to the bowl of the mixer. You will see that there isn't enough water to incorporate all the flour
Add more warm water, a few drops at a time, until you see the dough come together and clean itself off the sides of the bowl. You may have to scrape down the sides of the mixer once in the middle
If you overshot, add a bit more flour (whole wheat or all-purpose)
Mix on the highest speed allowed for the dough hook for about 5 minutes (this is when I wash all the dishes). Check to see that dough is smooth and not too sticky, and springs back when pushed
Lift the dough mass out of the bowl long enough to add the remaining tablespoon of olive oil to the bowl. If the dough cannot be lifted out as a single mass, add more flour and knead for a few more minutes.
Replace dough the bowl and turn it around in the oil to coat the surface. Cover with a towel.
Set the dough aside to rise until doubled in bulk (~2hrs).
After rising, deflate dough and knead it in the bowl for about a minute.
Cut dough into 16 equal pieces, roll into balls, and set down to proof, covered with a towel
Place pizza stone, quarry tiles, or a heavy baking sheet into the oven and preheat to 500 degrees
Flatten dough balls into rounds and place on hot stone/metal to bake. When they puff up/release from the stone, in 2-4 minutes, they're done. Bake in relays and remove to a plate with tongs. Let cool, then enjoy or freeze.

Submitter: 
talifuss
Description: 
The supermarket stopped carrying the pita I ate for lunch every day, so I now make it myself. I prefer to keep the flour measurements intact and adjust the water, because I like keeping the size and calorie count consistent. If you wear latex/vinyl gloves when handling the dough and do all kneading inside the bowl, you won't need to sprinkle flour on your counter.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2.5 h
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
