URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62730375/dinner-party-meatloaf/
Title:
Dinner Party Meatloaf Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Note- seasonings are approximate. Experimenting is encouraged.
1 lb mostly-lean ground beef
2 lb ground white-meat turkey
2 large eggs (or egg substitute)
1/2 to 3/4 cup seasoned breadcrumbs (or crush your favorite croutons)
1/4 cup ketchup
1/4 cup mustard (any)
1/4 cup barbecue sauce (any)
1/4 cup Worcestershire sauce
1 oz dehydrated vegetable flakes and/or dehydrated minced onion
1 tbsp chili powder
1-2 tsp garlic powder (or minced garlic)
1/4 tsp cayenne pepper
1/4 tsp black pepper
8 oz frozen spinach, THAWED and SQUEEZED OUT WELL
Glaze (Optional):
1/4 cup brown sugar
1/4 cup ketchup
1/4 cup Worcestershire sauce
Cider vinegar, to taste

Directions:
Combine all ingredients (if rolling up with spinach, leave that out for now). I find this easiest by hand, wearing disposable gloves.
Assess texture of meat mixture- it should be stiff enough to hold its shape, but not so stiff that it will dry out. If too stiff, add a little water or a bit more wet seasoning. If too runny, add more breadcrumbs. Adding the spinach to the mix will add moisture, so adjust accordingly.
Form a torpedo-shaped loaf on a half-sheet pan.
*If you are making the spinach-roll version, line the counter with aluminum foil AND plastic wrap. Spread the meat mixture on the plastic in a large rectangle (about 14" x 11" x 3/4"), leaving a few inches of plastic to help with rolling it up. Spread the spinach out in a thin layer over the meat, leaving a 1" border on all sides.
Using the plastic wrap to help start, roll up the rectangle and seal the seam and both edges.
Transfer the meatloaf to a half-sheet pan (this is easiest just using the foil from the counter to pick it up, and placing the foil with the meat on the pan).
Let formed loaf sit while oven preheats to 350 degrees
Bake at 350 for at least 1 hour or until internal temperature registers 160 degrees
Apply glaze with a spoon or pastry brush after 20-30 minutes of cooking, if desired

Submitter: 
talifuss
Description: 
This is a lighter, classier version of a classic dish, based on my mother's recipe. This meatloaf is dense, moist, and flavorful- not crumbly or greasy. The spinach can be incorporated in either of two ways- either marbled through the meat, or swirled jelly-roll style for a nice presentation.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
