URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62737933/lemon-scented-pasta-with-scallops/
Title:
Lemon Scented Pasta with Scallops Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3/4 package of linguine or other long pasta
1/3 cup olive oil
1/3 cup lemon juice
zest of two lemons
2 tbsp olive oil
1 pound fresh (bay or sea)scallops, rinsed and dried
1 onion, diced
2 roma tomatoes, seeded and diced
10-12 button mushrooms, quartered
4 cups fresh baby spinach
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 tsp crushed red pepper flakes
1/4 tsp sea salt
1/4 tsp pepper
1/2 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese
Optional:  garnish of chopped parsley or basil, and lemon wedges.

Directions:
Bring a large pot of water to the boil, adding a generous amount of salt, and add pasta.  Cook for 6-7 minutes or until slightly undercooked.  Reserve 1/2 cup of cooking liquid in a measuring cup, and drain the pasta.
Combine the 1/3 cup each of olive oil and lemon juice, and the lemon zest.  If your scallops are large, slice them in half or quarters.
Meanwhile, in a large non-stick skillet, heat 2 tbsp of olive oil over high heat.  Add the scallops and brown for about 2 minutes on each side, then remove them from the pan and set aside.
In the same pan, add the onions, tomatoes, mushrooms, and spinach,  and saute until cooked, about 5 minutes, adding a dash more oil if necessary.  Add the minced garlic and the reserved scallops and reduce the heat.
To the pan, add the drained pasta, and the mixture of olive oil, lemon juice and zest.  Season with red pepper flakes, salt and pepper, and stir until pasta absorbs some of the sauce, about 2 minutes.  If it is a bit dry, add a tablespoon of the reserved pasta water, as needed.
Plate the pasta, and sprinkle generously with parmesan cheese.  If desired, garnish with parsley or basil and a lemon wedge.

Submitter: 
Sarah
Description: 
This is a simple to prepare main dish that will have family and friends raving.  Unusual, it will offer complex layers of flavors and a beautiful presentation.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
