URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62739020/hot-cross-buns-for-easter/
Title:
Hot Cross Buns for Easter Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/628393.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cups flour
1/3 cup sugar
1/2 tsp salt
1 1/4 tsp cinnamon
1 package of active-dry yeast
1 cup milk
1/4 cup butter (cut up into cubes)
2 eggs
3/4 cup raisins
1 egg yolk
2 tbsp cold water
Glaze
3/4 cups confectioner's sugar
2 teaspoons finely grated orange zest
1- 2 tablespoons orange juice

Directions:
Add 2 cups of the flour, sugar, salt, cinnamon and contents of active-dry yeast package into a large mixing bowl and stir.
Heat the milk and butter in a small saucepan. DO NOT LET IT BOIL. You will know it is done when the butter is completely melted.
Pour the warm milk into the flour mixture and beat until just moistened.
Add the 2 eggs and beat until smooth.
Add the raisins and enough of the remaining flour to form a soft dough.
Turn dough out onto a floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic  (should take about 3-5 minutes).
Spray a large bowl with cooking spray. Add your dough, turning once to coat. Cover and let it rise in a warm place until the size of the dough has doubled in size, which should take about an hour.
Once the dough has risen, punch it down and turn in out again onto a lightly floured surface. Divide the dough and shape into 12 balls. Spray a baking pan with nonstick cooking spray and place the rolls 3x4 into the pan. Using a sharp knife, cut a cross into the top of each roll. Cover and allow the dough to double in size again. This should take about 30-40 minutes.
After dough has risen again, beat one egg yolk and water and brush the tops of the rolls with the mixture. Bake at 375 degrees F oven for 18-22 minutes or until golden brown. Remove pan and allow to cool. While the rolls cool, stir together your glaze ingredients. When the rolls are completely cool, pipe the icing onto the tops.

Submitter: 
Sarah
Description: 
Hot cross buns! Hot cross buns! One ha' penny, two ha' penny, Hot cross buns! A traditional Good Friday favorite, these raisin studded and cinnamon spiced buns are a festive treat. Enjoy the zingy orange scented glaze on top. Add more confectioner's sugar if you would like the glaze to be more of an icing and very white.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
2 hrs 30 mins
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
