URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62734371/baja-chicken-enchiladas/
Title:
Baja Chicken Enchiladas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/626169.jpg
Ingredients:
4 uncooked Chicken Breasts
2 (10.5oz) cans of Chicken Broth
1 tbsp of Goya Adobo All Purpose Seasoning
2 (8oz) blocks of Cream Cheese, cubed
8oz Pepper Jack Cheese, shredded
2 (10oz) cans of Green Enchilada Sauce
1 1/2 cups of freshly made Pico De Gallo
2 cups of Shredded Mexican Cheese
White corn Tortillas (about 12-14 tortillas per 9x13 pan)
oil for frying
Green onions (optional)

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 Degrees F. In a pot put Chicken meat, chicken broth (if the broth doesn't cover all the meat add water till it does) and Adobo seasoning and cook until the meat is no longer pink in the center. Shred Chicken meat and put in a bowl with 1 cup of pico de gallo.
In another pot put enchilada sauce, cream cheese and pepperjack cheese. Melt slowly stirring often. Heat up the oil in a small pan to fry the tortillas. Fry tortillas a few seconds on each side and let drain on paper towels.
Add one cup of the sauce mixture to the chicken mixture, also add half the shredded mexican cheese to the chicken mixture and stir. Pour about a cup of the sauce mixture into the bottom of a 9x13 pan. Roll about 1/2 cup of the chicken filling into each tortilla. Place in the tortillas into the 9x13 pan. Top with the remaining sauce and than sprinkle on the remaining mexican Cheese.
Bake in the oven uncovered for 25 minutes or until hot and bubbly and the cheese is melted. Top enchiladas with the remaining pico de gallo and green onions. Let cool for a few minutes before plating.

Submitter: 
Jessica Paternoster
Description: 
I came up with these enchiladas after moving away from my favorite Mexican resturant. The sauce is a nice and creamy white cheese sauce with a little bit of a spice to it. A nice change from your everyday green or red sauce enchilada.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
