URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62732978/meatball-sub-casserole/
Title:
Meatball Sub Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/625517.jpg
Ingredients:
1/3 c. sweet onion, finely chopped
1/4 c. bread crumbs
1 1/2 tsp. garlic powder
3 T. Parmesan cheese, grated
1 T. fresh ground flax seed, (optional)
16 oz. ground turkey
1 loaf Italian bread
8 oz cream cheese or low-fat cream cheese, softened
1/2 c light Miracle Whip
1 tsp Italian seasoning
1/4 tsp ground black pepper
8 oz shredded mozzarella, divided (low fat, if you'd like)
26-28 oz spaghetti sauce, meatless healthy version
1 c water
2 clove garlic, minced

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Line a shallow pan with foil; coat foil lightly with nonstick spray.
In a bowl, combine onion, bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese, ground turkey, and ground flax, if desired. Mix well and shape into 1 inch balls; place on prepared pan leaving a little space between each one. Bake at 400 degrees F for 15-20 min or until no longer pink.
Lightly coat a 13x9 baking dish with nonstick spray. Arrange Italian bread in a single layer in dish (I like to open the bread up like a sub and cut to fit in dish but however you'd like.) NOTE** All the bread may not fit in dish- that's ok.
In a separate bowl, combine cream cheese, mayo, Italian seasoning and black pepper. Blend until smooth and well combined. Spread over bread in dish. Sprinkle 1/4 of the mozzarella cheese onto cream cheese mixture on bread.
In a separate bowl, combine sauce, water and garlic; add the meatballs. Pour over cheese mixture. Sprinkle with remaining mozzarella.
Bake, uncovered in a 350 degree oven for 30 minutes or until heated through and cheese is melted. Serve hot.

Submitter: 
FOUNDMYZEN
Description: 
This is a lower calorie version of one of a family favorite. It's about as close to heaven as you can get in a casserole dish! This satisfies even the most picky of eaters. Very filling! Serve this with a veggie loaded tossed salad and some fresh fruit like cantaloupe and you have a fantastic meal!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
