URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62745610/stuffed-chicken-siena/
Title:
Stuffed Chicken Siena Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/631662.jpg
Ingredients:
CHEESE FILLING/CHICKEN:
1 cup mozzarella, shredded
4 Tbsp Parmesan, grated
1 cup smoked Gouda, chopped
1/2 cup Fontina cheese, shredded
1/2 cup sun-dried tomatoes, chopped
1/2 tsp black ground pepper
2 Tbsp green onions, chopped
2 tsp garlic, minced
4 Tbsp fresh parsley, chopped
2 eggs
4 Tbsp heavy cream
CHICKEN:
8 boneless, skinless, chicken breasts (6-8 oz each), butterfly cut
FOR SIENA SAUCE/PASTA:
4 Tbsp extra virgin olive oil
2 Tbsp garlic, chopped
1 cup kalamata olives, pitted and chopped
1 cup green olives with pimiento, chopped
1/2 cup small capers, rinsed
1 cup red wine
2 cups tomatoes, diced
2 29-oz cans tomato puree
1/4 tsp salt
1/4 tsp crushed red pepper flakes
4 medium red bell peppers, cut in 1-inch pieces
2 Tbsp sugar
4 fresh sweet basil, chopped
2 lbs pasta (your choice), cooked according to package directions

Directions:
Pre-heat oven to 450ºF.
CHEESE FILLING: MIX all cheese filling ingredients in a mixing bowl until well-blended. Divide into 4 portions; refrigerate until ready to use.
PREPARATION FOR CHICKEN: PLACE chicken on a cutting board and split to open. Spread cheese filling evenly on both sides.
FOLD one side over to the other and repeat with other breasts.
PLACE chicken in baking pan coated with cooking spray. Bake at 450ºF for 20 minutes or until juices run clear.
SIENA SAUCE: HEAT olive oil in a small sauce pot; add garlic and sauté for one minute (do not brown). Add bell peppers and sauté until al dente. Add olives and capers and stir. Add red wine and bring to a boil. Add remaining ingredients except basil.
BRING to a boil, reduce to low heat and simmer for approximately 30 minutes. Add basil to sauce and stir well; remove Siena sauce from heat.
PLACE one chicken breast and drained, cooked pasta on each plate. Evenly distribute Siena sauce over chicken and pasta. Garnish with chopped basil.

Submitter: 
Crystal Carter
Description: 
Perfect for a family dinner.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
