URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62747327/italian-tortellini-salad/
Title:
Italian Tortellini Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
12 ounces cheese filled tortellini
1/2 red sweet bell pepper
1/2 yellow sweet bell pepper
1/2 orange sweet bell pepper
2  to 3 teaspoons olive oil
2 to 3 ounces sun dried tomatoes, dry packed preferred
8 to 10 large fresh basil leaves
8 ounces shaved Parmesan cheese
Dressing:
3 tablespoons mayonnaise
1/4 cup red wine vinegar
1/2 cup cold water
2 teaspoon lemon juice, fresh squeezed
2 tablespoons Parmesan cheese, grated
3 tablespoons olive oil
1 clove garlic, minced
1 1/4 teaspoon Italian seasoning
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon coarse ground black pepper

Directions:
Cook tortellini according to package directions, drain rinsing with cold water and chill, covered in refrigerator. Set oven rack at highest level. Turn broiler on. Line cookie sheet or jelly roll pan with foil. Place the 3 sweet pepper halves cut side down on pan. Using a basting or pastry brush lightly coat each with olive oil. Place peppers on pan under broiler and broil until dark splotches begin to appear on the peppers about 5 to 10 minutes (watch carefully, don't burn or scorch them). Use tongs to remove the peppers to a bowl, cover the bowl with plastic wrap sealing tightly to air tight seal. The steam will loosen the pepper's skin. After about 15 to 20 minutes, when they have cooled and you are able to handle them, remove any pepper stems, peel loosened skin off. Flip peppers over to expose the inside ribs. Using a the edge of a spoon or dull side of a knife scrap the seeds, membranes and ribs from the peppers and discard. Cut the roasted peppers into 1/2 inch pieces. Place in bowl; set aside.
In small mixing bowl combine all the dressing ingredients using a whisk. Dice the sun dried tomatoes into very small pieces and stir into the dressing; cover and chill in refrigerator for at least 6 hours or over night. Two hours before serving toss the tortellini, roasted peppers and dressing together. Just before serving coarsely chop the fresh basil and stir into salad along with the shaved Parmesan cheese. Salt and pepper to taste.

Submitter: 
FunwithFood
Description: 
Wonderful full flavored salad, made with cheese filled tortellini, roasted sweet peppers and sun dried tomatoes. Nice change from your typical pasta salads. Because of the cheese filled tortellini it could be served as a light lunch time meal.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
8 1/2 h
Ready in:
9 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
