URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62742227/mashed-potatoes-for-a-crowd/
Title:
Mashed Potatoes for a Crowd Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8 lb Yukon gold potatoes (Russets can be used instead)
1 1/2 Tablespoons table salt
4 bay leaves
1/3 lb butter
2 cups half and half (can use milk or cream instead)
1 Tablespoon Kosher salt (can use 1 1/2 teaspoon table salt instead)
1/2 teaspoon ground white pepper
1/2 teaspoon grated nutmeg
1/4 cup butter

Directions:
To cook the potatoes, add the salt and bay leaves, and bring to a boil over high heat. Skim occasionally, and as soon as the potatoes come to a boil, turn the heat down and let simmer for about 15 to 17 minutes.
Test the potatoes by inserting a paring knife. You should feel the same resistance all the way through, and they should slide easily off the knife. Alternatively, remove one of the potatoes and mash it with a fork. If it mashes easily, and looks fluffy and light, they’re done.
Remove the bay leaves and drain. Return the potatoes to the pot and mash while hot. For extra fluffy mashed potatoes, a ricer works really well, but when cooking for crowd, a masher will do the job just fine.
Cover and set aside, while you heat up the butter and cream.
In a small pot, bring the butter and cream to a gentle boil over medium heat. Whisk in the salt, pepper, and nutmeg, and set aside.
Add the cream, a little bit at a time, and mash together. The potatoes should look a little bit wet, because, as they sit, they’ll absorb some of the liquid. Taste for seasoning, adding more salt and pepper, if desired.
Place thin slices of butter over the top, then cover the surface with plastic wrap. This will prevent a crust from forming. Cover and let sit, until ready to serve.

Submitter: 
notajenny
Description: 
Simple, light, and fluffy mashed potatoes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
