URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62745024/ribollita-strata/
Title:
Ribollita Strata Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
5-6 cups (enough to fill a medium casserole dish) peasant-style bread, torn or cubed
1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil (EVOO), plus some for drizzling
4 cloves garlic, finely chopped
1 onion, chopped
1 carrot, chopped
2-3 small ribs celery with leafy tops, chopped
1 small bunch Tuscan, dinosaur or curly kale, stemmed and thinly sliced or 1 box frozen chopped spinach, defrosted, wrung dry and separated
A few grates of nutmeg
1 teaspoon dried oregano or marjoram, (1/3 palmful)
A few sprigs fresh thyme, finely chopped
1 stem rosemary, finely chopped
Salt and pepper
3 tablespoons tomato paste
2 cups chicken stock
1 1/2 cups grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, divided
9 large eggs
1 cup whole milk

Directions:
Pre-heat oven to 350°F.
Arrange bread on a baking sheet and bake until lightly toasted. Transfer to a large mixing bowl. Turn off oven.
Chop vegetables and heat a large skillet with EVOO, 4 turns of the pan, over medium-high heat. Add garlic, onions, carrots and celery, and sweat veggies a few minutes. Wilt in the kale or add the spinach. Season with nutmeg, oregano or marjoram, thyme, rosemary, salt and pepper. Cook 8-10 minutes to tender. Stir in tomato paste, cook 1 minute then add stock and simmer 5 minutes over medium-low heat.
Pour mixture over bread, add a few handfuls of cheese, about 3/4 cup. Toss to combine, transfer to a baking dish and cool.
Beat eggs with milk, salt and pepper. Pour eggs over cooled bread casserole, cover and chill overnight or a minimum of a couple of hours.
Heat oven to 400°F. Top the casserole with a drizzle of EVOO and remaining cheese. Bake until puffed and golden, 45 minutes.

Submitter: 
Jill Sander
Description: 
Inspired by a traditional Tuscan recipe for this substantial side, luncheon or light supper dish. If desired for a meal, serve with a salad.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 hr
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
