URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62742219/roast-pork-tenderloin-with-apple-sage-jus/
Title:
Roast Pork Tenderloin with Apple Sage Jus Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 whole pork tenderloins
8 cups water
3/4 cup Kosher salt (can substitute with 1/3 cup table salt)
1/4 cup brown sugar
15 whole black peppercorns
3 bay leaves
6 cloves garlic
1 Tablespoon butter
1 Tablespoon olive oil
1 teaspoon black pepper
2 medium onions
4 granny smith apples
1 cup apple cider
1 cup white wine
2 cups chicken stock
1/2 teaspoon Kosher salt
1 1/2 Tablespoons cornstarch
1 1/2 Tablespoons water
1/4 cup fresh sage
1 teaspoon grapeseed oil
1 Tablespoon butter
1/4 teaspoon fresh pepper
1 Tablespoon butter

Directions:
Prepare tenderloin by removing any silver skin.
Prepare the brine by adding salt and sugar to a bowl with 2 cups hot water.  Stir to dissolve.  Then crush the garlic and add to the brine along with peppercorns, bay leaves, and remaining cold water.  Then poor the bring over the tenderloins and place in the refrigerator for 1 1/2 to 2 hours.
Remove tenderloins from the brine, pat dry with paper towels, and place in the refrigerator until ready to cook.
Preheat oven to 375 F
Place a frying pan on medium high heat and add butter and oil.  Season the tenderloins with pepper.
Sear tenderloins on all sides, about 2 to 3 minutes on each side, until golden brown.
Transfer tenderloins to a baking sheet and cook in the oven for approximately 20 minutes, or until cooked to your desired doneness.
While the pork is cooking in the oven, slice the onions, and peel, core, slice applies into 1/4 to 1/2 inch wedges.
Add oil and butter to the same pan used to sear the pork.  Once hot, add the onions and fry for a few minutes until they start to carmelize.
Add apple wedges and saute for another 2 minutes, or until the apples start to carmelize.
Add white wine, apple cider, chicken stock, and simmer for about 5 minutes.
Meanwhile, chop fresh sage and set aside while sauce reduces.
To thicken the sauce, mix cornstarch and water, slowly add to the sauce, just add enough to get the desired consistency.
Add the seasoning and butter, reduce to very low heat until ready to serve.  When ready to serve, add chopped sage and gently mix to combine.
Pork should be 165 F for well done.
Slice pork across the grain at 1/2 inch intervals.  Place 3 slices onto each plate, pour sauce over lower 1/3 of meat.

Submitter: 
notajenny
Description: 
An inexpensive yet fancy family meal that everyone will surely love.  Pork tenderloin brined for extra flavor and moisture.  Served with a delicious apple, sage sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 1/2 to 2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
