URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62743525/baking-nanas-version-of-jays-signature-pizza-crust/
Title:
Baking Nana's Version of Jay's Signature Pizza Crust Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/630710.jpg
Ingredients:
2 1/4 teaspoons active dry yeast
1 - 2 Tablespoons honey
1 1/2 cups warm water (110 degrees F/45 degrees C)
1 teaspoon salt or 2 tsp kosher salt
2 tablespoons olive oil
3 1/3 cups all-purpose flour
Additional olive oil for oiling the baking pans

Directions:
In a mixer bowl, dissolve the yeast and honey in the water, and let sit for 10 minutes.
Once yeast has proofed add 2 cups flour then add the salt to the top of the flour.
Mix on medium speed to blend well.
Add additional 1 cup flour - mix on speed 2.
With mixer running add oil along the edge of the bowl.  Knead for about 5 minutes at speed 2.  Add additional flour a little at a time until dough starts to pull away from the sides of the bowl.
Turn dough out onto a clean, lightly floured surface, and knead by hand for just a few minutes.  It helps to lightly flour your hands if dough is too sticky.  Try to avoid adding too much flour.  Use a bench scrapper to lift the dough if it sticks to the kneading surface.  Dough should be tacky and stretchy.
Place the dough into a well oiled bowl, and cover with plastic wrap. Let the dough rise until doubled, this should take about 1 hour.
Turn dough onto kneading surface and allow the dough to relax for a minute or two.
Using a bench scrapper or sharp knife cut dough into 4 equal pieces.
Using Olive Oil - oil 4 - 9" cake pans - smearing the oil around the bottom and up the sides of the pan.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). If you have a pizza stone leave it in the oven.
Place dough into the oiled pan and using your finger tips coated with olive oil gently press dough to fit the pan - if it keeps springing back allow to rest a bit and try again.  Cover pans with plastic wrap and allow to rise.  Once big and puffy - add your pizza sauce and toppings - be careful to not use too much sauce and to gently swirl the sauce on the dough with out deflating it too much.  (I use the back of a teaspoon.)
Bake pizza in preheated oven, until the cheese and crust are golden brown, about 15 to 20 minutes.

Submitter: 
Baking Nana
Description: 
We really enjoy puffy soft pizza - the kids even eat the edge of this delicious pizza crust.  The ultimate praise was from my grandson Nana - this is better than Pizza Hut.  These directions are written using a stand mixer with dough hook. One batch makes 4 - 9 Deep Dish pizzas.Modified from: Jay's Signature Pizza Crust
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
