URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62743281/danish--hg/
Title:
Danish- HG Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For Danish
1 package Pillsbury Crescent Recipe Creations refrigerated dough
Half an 8-oz. tub fat-free cream cheese, room temperature
1 cup frozen dark sweet cherries, thawed
1/4 cup regular oats (not instant)
2 tbsp. Splenda No Calorie Sweetener (granulated)
1 tbsp. light vanilla soymilk (or skim milk)
1/4 tsp. almond extract
For Icing
1 tbsp. Jet-Puffed Marshmallow Creme
1 tbsp. Cool Whip Free, thawed
1/2 tbsp. Splenda No Calorie Sweetener (granulated)
1 tsp. powdered sugar
1 tsp. cornstarch
1 drop vanilla extract

Directions:
In a medium bowl, combine cream cheese, oats, Splenda, soymilk (or skim milk), and almond extract, and stir until thoroughly mixed. Fold in cherries and set aside. This is your filling.
Spray a large baking sheet with nonstick spray. Lay out your dough on the sheet and (using a rolling pin, a can, or your hands) lightly roll it out into a long rectangle of even thickness. Arrange baking sheet in front of you so that the short sides are on the left and right and the long sides are on the top and bottom. Spoon cherry filling lengthwise across the middle third of the dough, leaving 1-inch borders on the left and right of the filling.
Along the top third of the dough, cut slits down from the top of the dough toward the filling, stopping about 1/2 inch away from the filling -- space slits about 1 inch apart from each other. Repeat on the bottom part of the rectangle, cutting upward toward the filling. This will create 1-inch-wide strips of dough on both the top and bottom of the filling.
Starting at one side, alternate folding the 1-inch strips from the top and the bottom over the filling, covering filling completely and creating a criss-crossed, "braided" appearance. After all the strips have been folded, fold the short sides of the dough in toward the filling, so filling cannot escape, and pat firmly to seal.
Bake in the oven for about 20 minutes, until pastry is crispy and golden brown. Allow to cool for at least 15 minutes.

Submitter: 
Melisa Dukes-Bodkin
Description: 
Hungry Girl
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
9
Nutritional Facts:
NA
