URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62745760/caramel-rice-flan/
Title:
Caramel Rice Flan Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/631732.jpg
Ingredients:
Butter or cooking spray for the soufflé dish
2/3 cup Arborio rice
4 3/4 cups milk
2 3-inch cinnamon sticks
1 1/2 teaspoons ground cardamom
Grated zest of 1 lemon
2 teaspoons cardamom pods, cracked with the side of a knife
3/4 cup heavy cream
3 eggs
2 egg yolks
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 1/3 cups sugar

Directions:
Heat oven to 300 degrees. Lightly butter a 1-1/2-quart soufflé dish (preferably nonstick). In a medium saucepan, bring 2 cups water to a boil. Stir in rice and cook for 15 minutes. Drain, then add rice to medium saucepan with 4 cups milk, cinnamon sticks and ground cardamom. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally, or until  rice is very tender. Drain any milk that has not been absorbed, then put rice into a medium bowl and stir in the lemon zest.
To make the custard, in a medium saucepan, over medium-low heat, combine remaining 3/4 cup milk, cardamom pods and cream. Meanwhile, in a medium bowl whisk together eggs, yolks, salt and 1/3 cup sugar. When milk mixture comes to a simmer, slowly ladle it into egg mixture, whisking constantly. Pour the mixture through a strainer back into the pan (discarding cardamom), then stir in rice.
To make the caramel, in a heavy small saucepan stir together remaining cup of sugar and 1/4 cup water and bring to a boil. Cook over high heat for 5 to 8 minutes, swirling the pan occasionally, until the mixture turns a honey-amber shade. Immediately pour into the soufflé dish, swirling to make sure the caramel coats about 3/4 of the height of the dish.
Pour rice mixture into prepared soufflé dish. Place in large roasting pan, filling pan with boiling water. Cover roasting pan tightly with foil and punch several holes in the foil in the corners. Place in center of oven and bake 2 hours or until the custard is set around the edges but center still jiggles slightly. Remove from the water bath, cool on a rack, then refrigerate until set and cold, at least 6 hours or preferably overnight.
Spoon from dish, or dip in hot water and turn out (will not release well).

Submitter: 
Gregg Hollander
Description: 
I remembered that the original recipe used lemon zest, and to that I added cardamom, both the ground seeds, for their intensity, and the pods, which add a delicate citrus perfume that’s absent from the powder.

Finally, I made sure to get the caramel nice and dark, the depth of milk chocolate but with a reddish cast. When I first made the flan, in my 20s, I was so scared of burning the sugar that I undercooked it, until I realized how much better, nuttier and less sweet dark caramel tastes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
0
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
