URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62749276/eton-mess/
Title:
ETON MESS Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the Meringue Cookies:
9 large egg whites
3/4 tsp. cream of tartar
2 and 1/4 cups superfine or caster sugar (use regular sugar, and place it in the food processor for about 30 seconds)
Whipping Cream:
3 cups whipping cream
1 1/2 tsp. vanilla
Strawberries:
3 pounds
6 Tablespoons white sugar to taste

Directions:
Meringues: Preheat oven to 200 degrees and place rack in the centre of the oven. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Beat the egg whites on medium speed until foamy. Add the cream of tartar and continue to beat the whites until they hold soft peaks. Add the sugar, a little at a time, and continue to beat until the meringue holds very stiff peaks. Beat in the vanilla extract. Note: the meringue is done when it holds stiff peaks and when you rub a little between your thumb and index finger it does not feel gritty. If it feels gritty, the sugar has not yet dissolved so keep beating until it feels smooth between your fingers.Using 2 spoons, place 10 equal sized mounds of meringue onto the prepared baking sheet. Bake the meringues for approximately 1 1/2 to 1 3/4 hours, rotating the baking sheet from front to back (about half-way through) to ensure even baking. The meringues are done when they are pale in color and fairly crisp. Turn off the oven to finish drying overnight.Meringue cookies can be stored in an airtight container for several days. Makes about 30 - 2 1/2 inch meringues.
Whipped Cream: In a large bowl, place the whipping cream, vanilla extract, and sugar and stir to combine. Cover and chill the bowl and wire whisk in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes. When chilled, beat the mixture until stiff peaks form. If not using right away, cover and place in the refrigerator. The whipped cream can be made several hours in advance.
Strawberries: Place about one third of the strawberries in your food processor and process. Cut the rest into bite size pieces and place in a large bowl along with pureed strawberries. Sprinkle with sugar, and stir. Break 15 - 20 meringue cookies and stir into the whipped cream. Add strawberry mixture. Serve.

Submitter: 
Here's To Good Friends
Description: 
This is Prince William's favourite dessert from boyhood. It is a combination of fresh strawberries, whipped cream and meringue cookies - all stirred together to make one big delicious mess.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
not so long
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
