URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62748518/annies-baked-beans-first-place-i-might-add-humbly-of-course/
Title:
Annie's Baked Beans, First Place I might add, humbly of course. Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For cooking the dried beans ~~~
3 cups dried beans, such as pinto, small red. I have never used a white bean but there is no reason it wouldn't work
3 to 4 good size smoked ham hocks
1 tsp. hickory or mesquite liquid smoke
1 onion, the size of a good size orange
2 or 3 good sized bay leaves
1 TBS. minced garlic, can add more or less to taste
1 stalk celery
1 tsp. dried basil
1/2 tsp. dried thyme
1/2 tsp. ground or rubbed sage
Salt and pepper to taste
INGREDIENTS FOR BAKED BEANS. TO BE ADDED AFTER BEANS ARE COOKED.
1/2 to 1 package bacon, I prefer to do the 1 package. You want a good representation of bacon.
1 onion, tennis ball size.
1 & 1/2 tsp. minced garlic, can add more or less to taste
1 tsp. hickory liquid smoke, optional
1 large can (15-16oz) crushed pineapple
3/4 cup brown sugar, less if you prefer a less sweet flavor.
2 TBS Worcestershire sauce
1 TBS A1 sauce
1 TBS good Steak Sauce
Salt and pepper to taste
Extra onion and garlic powder if needed to adjust seasonings.

Directions:
Fill large pan 3/4 with water.
With a sharp knife cut 3 or 4 slits spaced around through skin on ham hocks.
Add ham hocks and seasonings to water and bring to a good boil and let boil for 1 hour.
Check beans for foreign matter and rinse.
After one hour add beans to ham hocks.
Return to boil and let boil gently until beans are done.
Check liquid level often, add more water if necessary. You do not want beans soupy but, you do need a respectable amount of liquid when beans are finished.
During time while beans are cooking you can gather  remaining ingredients.
Cut raw bacon into 1 inch pieces and brown. Remove bacon when done, drain and set aside.
Small dice the onion, add it to cooked bacon.
Measure out and gather remaining ingredients and have them waiting for beans to finish cooking.
When beans are finished cooking, taste them. If the hickory smoke flavor isn't strong enough, you can add second teaspoon of liquid smoke.
When beans are cooked, using a slotted spoon, dip beans and ham hocks out of the liquid and put into another pan large enough to hold all other ingredients. Save liquid from the beans.
Remove ham hocks from beans and clean all meat off  bones and put it aside with the bacon and onions.
Stirring with a wooden spoon, add remaining ingredients a few at a time and stir or fold to completely incorporate.
Taste and adjust seasonings.
This is usually enough to fill a large, deep 9 x 13 baking dish.
Some of the liquid will cook out of the beans, you might need to add some liquid the beans were cooked in. Pour some extra liquid over beans before baking.
Bake at 400* until beans are hot and bubbly all around the edges. About 30 mins.

Submitter: 
Kitten
Description: 
This recipe won me First Place in a Baked Bean Cook off at the Western Idaho State Fair. They start with dried beans so give yourself some extra time. Kind of sweet and savory and yummy.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45-60 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
