URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62756471/rava-idli/
Title:
Rava Idli Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/3 c urad dal
1 1/3 c water
2 1/2 cream of rice
1/2 tsp salt
1/4 tsp baking soda
3/4c light sesame oil

Directions:
Rinse urad dal. Set aside in a bowl covered by 2" of fresh water to soak 8 hours, then drain, rinse again.
Add SOAKED dal and 1 1/3c water to food processor. Puree to a smooth, light, fluffy batter.  Transfer to a bowl large enough to add the rinsed cream of wheat from next step, and to not flow over during fermentation step (the mixture will foam a bit)
Line a colander with pieces of muslin or flour cloth, pour in cream of rice, rinse under cold running water til it begins to run clear. Squeeze as much water out as possible. Add to dal puree above.  Beat together thoroughly.  Cover and place in a warm place to ferment 8 to 12 hours.
Stir baking soda into batter gently - Over beating will cause the batter to fall instead of being foamy and light.  Let rest 5 mins.
Line your idli maker with pieces of muslin or flour cloth cut slightly larger than the cups in the idli rack - they should over hang the cups a little bit.  (looks like the dimples in an egg poacher except they're perforated, hence the need to line with cheesecloth so the batter can steam but won't drip thru). Brush lightly with oil.
Bring water to a boil in the steamer, or a 6 to 8 qt sauce pot or soup pot into which the idli rack will fit.
Fill each lined, oiled section in the rack with 1/4 c to 1/3 c of the batter (may vary with the size of the idli rack).  Place the rack in the steamer and cover for about 12 - 15 minutes.  You can check for doneness with a toothpick or cake tester, should come out clean.
Remove rack from the pot, separate trays, remove idlis, peeling gently away from the muslin.  Flip the liners, re-oil, and fill again.
Repeat the steaming step, remove as above.
Press depression into top with your thumb, drizzle with 1/2 T sesame oil. Serve in small shallow bowl,

Submitter: 
KitchenBarbarian
Description: 
A rice and lentil dumpling common in Southern India. This version is made with semolina or Cream of Rice instead of whole rice.

From Classic Indian Vegetarian and Grain Cooking

By Julie Sahni
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 h
Ready in:
next d
Number of servings: 
28
Nutritional Facts:
NA
