URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62758051/boneless-buffalo-chicken/
Title:
Boneless Buffalo Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4	boneless, skinless chicken breasts (about 1 1/2 pounds), cut into 1 1/2-inch chunks
1/2	cup  buttermilk
1	teaspoon  salt
3/4	cup  hot sauce (see note)
1/4	cup  water
1/4	teaspoon  sugar
1	tablespoon  unsalted butter
1 1/2	cups  cornstarch
4	large  egg whites
1/2	cup  all-purpose flour
1/2	teaspoon  baking soda
4	cups  vegetable oil

Directions:
1. MARINATE Combine chicken, buttermilk, and salt in large zipper-lock bag and refrigerate 30 minutes or up to 2 hours. Combine hot sauce, water, sugar, butter, and 2 teaspoons cornstarch in saucepan. Whisk over medium heat until thickened, about 5 minutes.
2. COAT Whisk egg whites in shallow dish until foamy. Stir flour, baking soda, remaining cornstarch, and 6 tablespoons hot sauce mixture in second shallow dish until mixture resembles coarse meal. Remove chicken from marinade and pat dry with paper towels. Toss half of chicken with egg whites until well coated, then dredge chicken in cornstarch mixture, pressing to adhere. Transfer coated chicken to plate and repeat with remaining chicken.
3. FRY Heat oil in Dutch oven over medium-high heat until oil registers 350 degrees. Fry half of chicken until golden brown, about 4 minutes, turning each piece halfway through cooking. Transfer chicken to paper towel-lined plate. Return oil to 350 degrees and repeat with remaining chicken.
4. TOSS Warm remaining hot sauce mixture over medium-low heat until simmering. Combine chicken and hot sauce mixture in large bowl and toss to coat. Serve.

Submitter: 
Lisa Harmon
Description: 
In step 3, the fried chicken pieces can be held in a 200-degree oven for 30 minutes before being tossed with the sauce. A relatively mild cayenne pepper-based hot sauce, like Frank’s, is essential; avoid hotter sauces like Tabasco. If desired, serve with our Creamy Blue Cheese Dressing.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
