URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62759016/best-reuben-sandwiches/
Title:
Best Reuben Sandwiches Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/4	cup  mayonnaise
1/4	cup  finely chopped sweet pickles  plus 1 teaspoon sweet pickle juice
2	tablespoons  cocktail sauce
1	cup  sauerkraut , drained and rinsed (see note)
2	tablespoons  cider vinegar
1	teaspoon  brown sugar
8	slices  hearty rye bread
1	cup  Swiss cheese , shredded
12	ounces  thinly sliced corned beef  (see note)
4	tablespoons  unsalted butter

Directions:
1. Whisk mayonnaise, pickles, pickle juice, and cocktail sauce in small bowl; set aside. Cook sauerkraut, vinegar, and sugar in large skillet over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until liquid evaporates, about 3 minutes. Transfer sauerkraut to bowl and wipe out skillet.
2. Spread dressing evenly on 1 side of each slice of bread. Layer half of cheese on 4 slices bread, then top with half of corned beef. Divide sauerkraut evenly over meat, then top with remaining corned beef and remaining cheese. Arrange remaining bread, dressing-side down, over cheese.
3. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in empty skillet over medium heat. Place 2 sandwiches in pan and cook until golden brown on first side, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip sandwiches and cook, covered, over medium-low heat until second side is golden brown and cheese is melted, about 2 minutes longer. Transfer to wire rack and repeat with remaining butter and sandwiches. Serve.

Submitter: 
Lisa Harmon
Description: 
The grilled Reuben, said to have been created in Omaha, Nebraska by local grocer Reuben Kulakofsky for his poker buddies, is the epitome of a classic deli sandwich. However, most recipes we tried produced sandwiches with chilly centers, unmelted cheese, soggy rye, watery sauerkraut, and sugary dressing. Could we come up a foolproof sandwich
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
