URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62758006/wellesley-fudge-cake/
Title:
Wellesley Fudge Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
CAKE
2 1/2	cups  all-purpose flour
2	teaspoons  baking soda
1	teaspoon  baking powder
1/2	teaspoon  salt
3/4	cup  hot water
1/2	cup  Dutch-processed cocoa powder  (see note)
16	tablespoons (2 sticks)  unsalted butter , cut into 16 pieces and softened
2	cups  granulated sugar
2	large  eggs
1	cup  buttermilk , room temperature
2	teaspoons  vanilla extract
FROSTING
8	tablespoons (1 stick)  unsalted butter , cut in half, and softened
1 1/2	cups  packed light brown sugar
1/2	teaspoon  salt
1	cup  evaporated milk
8	ounces  bittersweet chocolate  , chopped
1	teaspoon  vanilla extract
3	cups  confectioners' sugar , sifted

Directions:
1. MAKE BATTER Adjust oven rack to middle position and heat oven to 350 degrees. Grease and flour two 8-inch-square cake pans. Combine flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt in bowl; set aside. In a small bowl, whisk hot water with cocoa powder until smooth; set aside. With electric mixer on medium-high speed, beat butter and granulated sugar until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add eggs, 1 at a time, and mix until incorporated. Add flour mixture in 3 additions, alternating with 2 additions of buttermilk, until combined. Reduce speed to low and slowly add cocoa mixture and vanilla until incorporated.
2. BAKE CAKES Scrape equal amounts of batter into prepared pans and bake until toothpick inserted in center comes out with a few crumbs attached, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool cakes in pans 15 minutes, then turn out onto wire rack. Cool completely, about 1 hour. (Cooled, wrapped cakes can be stored at room temperature for 2 days.)
3. MAKE FROSTING Heat 4 tablespoons butter, brown sugar, salt, and ½ cup evaporated milk in large saucepan over medium heat until small bubbles appear around perimeter of pan, 4 to 8 minutes. Reduce heat to low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until mixture has thickened and turned deep golden brown, about 6 minutes. Transfer to large bowl. Slice remaining butter into 4 pieces and stir in with remaining evaporated milk until mixture is slightly cool. Add chocolate and vanilla and stir until smooth. Whisk in confectioners’ sugar until incorporated. Cool to room temperature, stirring occasionally, about 1 hour.

Submitter: 
Lisa Harmon
Description: 
Roughly a century ago, the founder of Wellesley College held that, “pies, lies, and doughnuts should never have a place in Wellesley college.” Students honed their fudge-making skills in secret
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
