URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62751147/grilled-ratatouille/
Title:
Grilled Ratatouille Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 medium eggplant
1/2 tsp sea salt
2 medium zucchini (or summer squash or combination)
1 large sweet onion (like Vidalia or Walla Walla)
1 or 2 bell peppers (any color)
8 oz mushrooms (sliced or halved)
3 cloves garlic
1 large beefsteak tomato or 3 or 4 Roma tomatoes
3 Tbsp olive oil
Salt & Pepper
1 tsp. oregano or herbes de Provence
2 Tbsp chopped fresh basil
2 Tbsp fresh grated parmesan
2 tsp balsamic vinager
2 tsp olive oil

Directions:
To Prep the Vegetables:
Slice ends off eggplant.  Peel, if desired (not necessary - actually holds together better with skin on). Cut into 3/4 inch slices lengthwise.  Rub with sea salt and lay on paper towels for 30 minutes, turning once, to drain bitter juices.
Slice ends off zucchini and slice into 1/2" slices lengthwise.
Peel onion and slice into 3/4" circular slices, keeping rings together.
Slice each pepper into 4 large chunks.
Cut tomato into large wedges or if using romas, in half lengthwise.
Drizzle vegetables with about 1 Tbsp olive oil, season with salt, pepper and oregano.
Place mushrooms, minced garlic and a drizzle of oilive oil on a large sheet of foil.  Wrap into a packet.
To Cook Vegetables:
Preheat grill to medium-high heat.
Lay eggplant and zucchini on grill (I place mushroom packet, onion and pepper pieces on top rack for now)  Grill about 4 minutes, or until slightly browned and grill marks are dark on one side; flip and cook another 3 to 4 minutes.  Remove to large bowl.
Move onion slices, peppers and mushroom packet to lower rack.  Cook about 5-6 minutes or peppers and onions are crisp tender and have grill marks. Remove to same bowl.
Place tomato wedges on grill and cook about 3 minutes, flipping as needed, until just warmed through (may not achieve grill marks - that's ok.  It's important not to overcook tomatoes)
Remove to same bowl.
Coarsely chop vegetables - if desired you can peel off eggplant and/or tomato skins at this time).  Add mushrooms, garliv and juices from packet.
Toss with balsamic vinegar, drizzle of olive oil, fresh basil and parmesan.
Serve hot, room temperature or cold.

Submitter: 
ChristineM
Description: 
Instead of stewing the traditional ratatouille vegetables, I grilled them, keeping them firm and flavorful.  Prep all the veggies first and if necessary grill in stages - as each group is done you can place in the same bowl.  You can use any herbs you want - Herbes de Provence adds wonderful flavor.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45
Ready in:
65
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
