URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62758466/classic-roast-beef-and-gravy/
Title:
Classic Roast Beef and Gravy Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1	4-pound  top sirloin roast , fat trimmed to 1/4 inch thick
Salt and pepper
1	tablespoon  vegetable oil
8	ounces  white mushrooms , chopped
2	onions , chopped fine
1	carrot , peeled and chopped
1	celery rib , chopped
1	tablespoon  tomato paste
4	garlic cloves , minced
1/4	cup  all-purpose flour
1	cup  red wine
4	cups  low-sodium beef broth
1	teaspoon  Worcestershire sauce

Directions:
1. Pat roast dry with paper towels. Rub 2 teaspoons salt evenly over surface of meat. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or up to 24 hours.
2. Adjust oven rack to lower-middle position and heat oven to 275 degrees. Pat roast dry with paper towels and rub with 1 teaspoon pepper. Heat oil in large Dutch oven over medium-high heat until just smoking. Brown roast all over, 8 to 12 minutes, then transfer to V-rack set inside roasting pan (do not wipe out Dutch oven). Transfer to oven and cook until meat registers 125 degrees (for medium-rare), 1½ to 2 hours.
3. Meanwhile, add mushrooms to fat in Dutch oven and cook until golden, about 5 minutes. Stir in onions, carrot, and celery and cook until browned, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in tomato paste, garlic, and flour and cook until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Stir in wine and broth, scraping up any browned bits with wooden spoon. Bring to boil, then reduce heat to medium and simmer until thickened, about 10 minutes. Strain gravy, then stir in Worcestershire and season with salt and pepper; cover and keep warm.
4. Transfer roast to cutting board, tent with foil, and let rest 20 minutes. Slice roast crosswise against grain into 1/2-inch-thick slices. Serve with gravy.

Submitter: 
Lisa Harmon
Description: 
The best roast beef is cooked gently to keep all its juices inside. But without enough pan drippings, how do you make rich, beefy gravy?
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
