URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62756478/sambar-indian-style-lentil-soup/
Title:
Sambar (Indian style lentil soup) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 c Toor dal (split pigeon peas)
1/4 tsp turmeric
4 1/2 c water
1 T sambar powder (recipe separate)
1 T ground coriander
1/2 tsp minced garlic
2 med onions, sliced
2 med tomatoes, finely chopped or 1 large can crushed tomatoes
1/3 tsp ground fenugreek seed
1 tsp salt
2 T light sesame oil
1 tsp black mustard seed
4 whole dry red chili
1 T tamarind paste
4 T HOT water

Directions:
Dissolve tamarind paste in the hot water and set aside.  You may substitute 1 T lemon juice if you can't find the tamarind paste
Measure all ingredients out before starting and set aside so they will be ready as you need them.
Bring toor dal and turmeric to a boil in the water. Reduce to low and cook, covered, at a low simmer for about 40 mins.  Stir.  Remove from heat when very soft.  Stir vigorously to mash the dal a bit.  Add water to make 6 c total.
Turn the burner back on and bring to a boil.  Add sambar powder, coriander, and garlic to the dal in the pan.  Reduce to a simmer and cook, covered, for about 10 mins.
Add onions, tomatoes, and salt.  Add tamarind paste and water if you are using it now.  Continue to simmer about another 10 mins.  Turn off the heat.
Heat the oil in a frying pan over a medium heat.  When it's hot toss in the mustard seeds.  As soon as they begin to pop, toss in the crumbled chilis.  Stir quickly, no more than 10 or 15 secs, immediately add the ground fenugreek seed and remove from the heat.  Pour over the dal mixture and stir in.
Add lemon juice here if you are not using tamarind paste.
Let rest about 5 to 10 mins before serving so spice flavors will blend in well.
Serve with idli, dosai, or uttapam

Submitter: 
KitchenBarbarian
Description: 
Typically served with idli or dosai (or uttapam).  Recipes separate.

Adapted from a recipe by Julie Sahni 
Classic Indian Vegetarian and Grain Cooking
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
