URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62757297/stuffed-pizza-rolls/
Title:
Stuffed Pizza Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 roll refrigerated pizza dough* (or make your own)
marinara/pizza sauce (click here to make your own)
2 Tbsp. grated Parmesan cheese (sorry, I don’t know how to make that)
1 Tbsp. olive oil or melted butter
1/2 t garlic powder
1 tsp. dried Italian seasoning
1 1/2 cups shredded mozzerella cheese
Pizza toppings of your choice: ie, ham and pineapple, pepperoni slices, sausage, etc.
You can use regular pizza dough, or thin crust.

Directions:
Preheat oven to heat specified on pizza dough package. Usually it’s 400 degrees. If you make your own dough, 400 is usually a good heat as well.
Unroll your pizza dough onto a lightly floured surface. Pat or roll the dough so it’s about 12? by 8?. You’re going to want to cut it into 24 squares, so just eyeball it if you need to. Use a pizza cutter to slice the dough into 24 squares.
Place cheese and desired toppings on each square. (Note that you’re not putting the marinara sauce on the dough- it’s for dipping after) Just eyeball how much. You just need to be able to enclose the toppings in the dough so keep that in mind. For these ones pictured I used a teaspoon each of cheese, canadian bacon, and pineapple.
When all of your dough squares have cheese and toppings on them, carefully lift up each square and wrap the dough around the toppings. Pinch to make sure each ball is sealed shut and then place them seam side down in a lightly sprayed pie pan (or similar sized dish).
Brush the tops of the dough balls with olive oil or melted butter (I’ve used both and there’s not much difference in result) and then sprinkle with the garlic and Italian seasoning and top with Parmesan cheese. (In lieu of the Parmesan, garlic, and Italian seasoning you could substitute this garlic bread seasoning.)
Cook them in the oven for about 15-20 minutes or until golden brown on top. Keep an eye on them! Doughs vary, so I’d check them after even 10 minutes.
Serve warm with warmed marinara sauce on the side for dipping.
The outsides are like garlic bread and the insides are full of oozing cheese. This might just be a perfect food.

Submitter: 
The Wallace Clan
Description: 
SO GOOD!!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
