URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62753375/rainbow-birthday-cake/
Title:
Rainbow Birthday Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/635188.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup butter, softened
1 ¾ cups granulated sugar
4 eggs
2 tsp vanilla
2 ¾ cups all-purpose flour
2 tsp baking powder
¾ tsp baking soda
1 ¼ cups buttermilk
Red, yellow, blue, orange, green and purple food coloring
1 butter icing recipe
Butter Icing:
1 cup unsalted butter, softened
1 pinch salt
4 cups icing sugar
¼ cup whipping cream or milk
½ tsp vanilla
Fluffy Icing:
1 cup white corn syrup
2 egg whites
¼ tsp cream of tartar
1 tsp vanilla

Directions:
Grease side of 3 9-inch round cake pans; line bottom with parchment paper; set aside.
In large bowl, beat butter with sugar until fluffy, beat in eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each. Beat in vanilla. Combine flour, baking powder and baking soda. Stir into butter mixture alternately with buttermilk making 3 additions of flour mixture and 2 of buttermilk. Divide among 3 bowls. With food coloring, tint 1 red, 1 yellow and 1 blue. Scrape each into one of the prepared pans, smoothing top.
Bake in center of 350F. oven for 30 minutes or until cake tester comes out clean. Let cool in pans on rack for 15 minutes. Run knife around edges; turn out onto rack and peel off paper. Turn right side up; let cool on rack.
Divide buttercream among 3 bowls. With food coloring, tint 1 orange, 1 green and 1 purple. Place red cake layer on flat serving plat; spread top with orange icing. Top with yellow layer; spread top with green icing. Top with blue layer; spread top with purple icing. Refrigerate for 30 minutes or until icing is firm.
Butter Icing: In large bowl, beat butter with salt until smooth. Beat in sugar alternately with cream, making 3 additions of sugar and 2 of cream. Beat in vanilla.
Fluffy Icing: In saucepan, bring corn syrup to boil over high heat.
Meanwhile, in bowl set over simmering water, beat egg white with cream of tartar until frothy. Beat in corn syrup in thin steady stream; beat for about 4 minutes or until stiff peaks form. Remove from heat; beat in vanilla.

Submitter: 
Amanda
Description: 
Great for a kids birthday party!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
