URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62758543/grilled-marinated-london-broil/
Title:
Grilled Marinated London Broil Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 lb flank steak or London Broil
2 tbsp balsamic vinegar (I like Fini Balsamic Vinegar)
2 tbsp fresh lemon juice
1 tbsp Dijon mustard
1 tbsp Worcestershire sauce
2 tbsp finely minced fresh garlic
1 1/2 tsp Herbs de Provence
1/2 tsp. Spanish paprika
1/4 cup olive oil

Directions:
Combine balsamic vinegar, lemon juice, Dijon, Worcestershire sauce, garlic, and Herbs de Provence. Then whisk in olive oil.
Trim the meat so there is not a lot of visible fat. Season both sides lightly with salt and pepper.
Place meat a non-reactive dish with high sides and spray with cooking spray.
Pour marinade mixture over meat. Using your hands rub the marinade all over. Be sure to flip over at least one to make sure all areas get the marinade.
Cover with saran wrap and marinate in refrigerator 2-4 hours.
To cook, take meat out of the refrigerator 30-40 minutes before grilling.**This is key!**
Spray your grill and turn it to medium-high/high heat.
Grill your meat for 2 minutes on high on one side. Turn and grill the other side for 2 minutes on high. Then immediately turn heat down to medium.
Flip over and grill for 2 minutes on medium heat. Then flip one last time and grill on medium for 2 minutes.
(So 2 High, 2 High, 2 Medium, 2 Medium to put it simpler.)
The meat will continue to cook as it rests, so it is best to remove from the grill when it's a little underdone rather than overdone!
Remove and cover with aluminum foil. Let it rest for 10 minutes. *This is so important*
Cut meat into thin slices across the grain and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Sarah
Description: 
For Mother's Day I had planned on making flank steak or lamb chops. Got to WF, no flank steak and lamb chops would break the bank. Looked at the London Broil, much less expensive, and came up with this marinade. The result? Absolutely, tender and flavorful! Give it a try; you will not be disappointed!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
3 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
