URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62756491/apple-pie/
Title:
Apple Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 to 7 c apple slices
1/2c to 2/3c brown sugar
1 T cornstarch
1 tsp cinnamon
1/4 tsp nutmeg
1 T butter

Directions:
Wash, core, and slice the apples. I don't peel mine but you can if you want to. Cutting them in half helps make it easier to pack them into the pie.
If you're using sweet apples, use 1/2c of sugar. If they're pretty tart, use 2/3c.
Put in a large glass bowl or microwaveable casserole, about 2.5 to 3 qt size. Toss all ingredients together - I use a small sieve to sprinkle the cornstarch on. Microwave on high, loosely covered, for 3 to 4 minutes, until the apples are just barely beginning to cook. Let cool thoroughly. They will continue to cook a bit as they cool.
When the apples have cooled, pour off the liquid into a small microwaveable bowl and CAREFULLY (because overcooking it will make a gooey mess) boil it down just a little. In my microwave this takes a minute to a minute and a half at high. Watch carefully, depending on how powerful your microwave is you can ruin it before you know it. It will thicken further as it cools, so just look for a syrupy consistency.
Meantime preheat the oven to 350F (325F if you're using a pyrex pie plate, which is my preference).
Pour the apple pie filling and the cooked down juices into the pie crust. Bake until the bottom crust is done, 45 mins to an hour. Cover the top crust loosely with foil so it doesn't burn. Placing the pie pan on a preheated baking stone will help the bottom crust to cook more evenly with the top - if using Pyrex or ceramic, wait until at least 5 minutes after placing in the oven before moving from the top rack to the baking stone to avoid shattering the pie plate.
Remove the foil when the pie crust looks nearly done to finish browning the top, if necessary.
Let cool thoroughly before slicing.

Submitter: 
KitchenBarbarian
Description: 
Favorite Apple Pie recipe
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
