URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62756499/easy-rava-dosa/
Title:
Easy Rava Dosa Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 c instant cream of wheat
1/4 c all purpose flour
1/4 c rice flour
1 2/3 c water
vegetable oil as needed
1/2 tsp black mustard seed
1/2 tsp cumin seed
2 dry red chilies, crumbled coarsely
2 hot green chilies, chopped
1 T ginger paste
1/4 c minced onions
1 tsp salt

Directions:
Mix the water, flour, cream of wheat, and 1 c of the water.  Mix well together.  Cover and let soak for an hour.
Measure and set all remaining ingredients aside in small bowls as you will need to quickly access many of these ingredients
Heat 2 T oil in a frying pan.  Add cumin seeds; when they just begin to brown, add mustard seeds.
When the mustard seeds start to pop, add the crumbled chilis.  Stir fry about 15 secs (being careful not to take a whiff) and QUICKLY add green chilies, ginger, and onions.
Stir fry just a minute or two, then turn off the heat and pour into the batter.
Add the remaining 2/3 c water to the batter and stir.  The batter will be VERY thin.
Pour some oil (about 1/4 c) into a small bowl and keep nearby.
Heat a large skillet or griddle, preferably high-quality nonstick, until very hot (not too hot with nonstick but hot nevertheless).
Coat the pan thinly with oil (a thin film).
Reduce heat to med.  Pour about 1/4c batter on the surface and swirl to spread it out as thinly as possible.  It'll be VERY full of holes, this is normal.
Dribble about a tsp of oil (2 if you're not using nonstick pan) around the edges and in the holes in the dosa.  Don't try to turn or loosen the dosa until it has turned brown and very crisp (should take a couple minutes), then turn and cook the other side for about the same time.
Keep warm in a low oven on a cookie sheet or serve immediately.
Serve with sambar, rasam, or your choice of sweet or spicy chutneys

Submitter: 
KitchenBarbarian
Description: 
A quicker way to make Rava Dosa (an Indian crepe-like item also known as Paper Dosa)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
