URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62758059/huli-huli-chicken/
Title:
Huli Huli Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Chicken
2	quarts  water
2	cups  soy sauce
1	tablespoon  vegetable oil
6	garlic cloves , minced
1	tablespoon  grated fresh ginger
4	chicken, split halves  (about 8 pounds total) (see note)
Glaze
3	(6-ounce) cans pineapple juice
1/4	cup  packed light brown sugar
1/4	cup  soy sauce
1/4	cup  ketchup
1/4	cup  rice vinegar
4	garlic cloves , minced
2	tablespoons  grated fresh ginger
2	teaspoons  chili-garlic sauce
2	cups  wood chips  (see related Key to Bold Flavor), soaked for 15 minute

Directions:
1. BRINE CHICKEN Combine water and soy sauce in large bowl. Heat oil in large saucepan over medium-high heat until shimmering. Add garlic and ginger and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Stir into soy sauce mixture. Add chicken and refrigerate, covered, for at least 1 hour or up to 8 hours.
2. MAKE GLAZE Combine pineapple juice, sugar, soy sauce, ketchup, vinegar, garlic, ginger, and chili-garlic sauce in empty saucepan and bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium and simmer until thick and syrupy (you should have about 1 cup), 20 to 25 minutes.
3. PREP GRILL Seal wood chips in foil packet and cut vent holes in top. Open bottom vents on grill. Light about 75 coals. When coals are covered with fine gray ash, spread evenly over bottom of grill. Arrange foil packet directly on coals. Set cooking grate in place and heat, covered with lid vent open halfway, until wood chips begin to smoke heavily, about 5 minutes. (For gas grill, place foil packet directly on primary burner. Heat all burners on high, covered, until wood chips begin to smoke heavily, about 15 minutes. Turn all burners to medium-low.) Scrape and oil cooking grate.
4. GRILL CHICKEN Remove chicken from brine and pat dry with paper towels. Arrange chicken skin-side up on grill (do not place chicken directly above foil packet). Grill, covered, until chicken is well browned on bottom and meat registers 120 degrees, 25 to 30 minutes. Flip chicken skin-side down and continue to grill, covered, until skin is well browned and crisp and thigh meat registers 170 to 175 degrees, 20 to 25 minutes longer. Transfer chicken to platter, brush with half of glaze, and let rest 5 minutes. Serve, passing remaining glaze at table.

Submitter: 
Lisa Harmon
Description: 
Split chicken halves are whole chickens that have been split in two through the breastbone. Buy them at the market or see page 31 for instructions on how to prepare them yourself. Lee Kum Kee Tabletop Soy Sauce is our favorite supermarket brand
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 hr
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
