URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62758481/sesame-ginger-shrimp/
Title:
Sesame-Ginger Shrimp Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1	pound  extra-large shrimp (21 to 25 count), peeled and deveined
4	teaspoons  soy sauce
2	cloves  garlic , minced
1/2	inch piece  fresh ginger , peeled and minced
1/4	teaspoon  red pepper flakes
2	tablespoons  peanut oil or vegetable oil, plus 1 additional teaspoon
1/2	cup  water
1	tablespoon  toasted sesame oil
1	tablespoon  oyster sauce
1	teaspoon  cornstarch
1	red bell pepper , seeded and cut into thin, 2-inch-long strips
5	scallions , white and light green parts, cut into 2-inch pieces
1	teaspoon  lemon juice
1	tablespoon  toasted sesame seeds

Directions:
1. Toss shrimp and 2 teaspoons soy sauce in medium bowl. Combine garlic, ginger, pepper flakes, and 1 teaspoon peanut oil in small bowl. Stir water, sesame oil, oyster sauce, remaining 2 teaspoons soy sauce, and cornstarch together in measuring cup.
2. Heat 1 tablespoon peanut oil in large nonstick skillet over high heat until smoking. Add bell pepper and scallions and cook until browned in spots, about 5 minutes. Transfer to bowl. Add remaining tablespoon peanut oil and shrimp to empty skillet and cook, tossing until just opaque, about 30 seconds. Push shrimp to sides of skillet, add garlic mixture to center of pan, and mash with spoon until fragrant, 10 to 15 seconds. Stir mixture into shrimp. Add water mixture and cook until thickened, 60 to 90 seconds. Return vegetables to pan, add lemon juice, and toss until heated through. Transfer to platter and sprinkle with sesame seeds. Serve.

Submitter: 
Lisa Harmon
Description: 
Stir-fries are the perfect vehicle for quick-cooking, sweet-tasting shrimp. But a proper stir-fry is easier said than done. We have found that it’s all too easy to overcook the shrimp or bury its flavor under competing ingredients. We wanted a simply flavored stir fry in which the shrimp could shine.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
