URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62757981/cranberry-pork-loin/
Title:
Cranberry Pork Loin Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1	boneless pork loin roast  (about 3 pounds)
Salt and pepper
1	tablespoon  unsalted butter
2	garlic cloves , minced
2	teaspoons  minced fresh thyme
1	(16-ounce) can whole-berry cranberry sauce  (see note)
1 1/2	cups plus 2 tablespoons  cranberry juice  (see note)
1	cup  dried cranberries
3	tablespoons  ketchup
1	tablespoon  Dijon mustard
2	tablespoons  light brown sugar
1	teaspoon  white vinegar
1	tablespoon  cornstarch

Directions:
1. PREP PORK Adjust oven rack to upper-middle position and heat oven to 425 degrees. Pat pork dry with paper towels and season with salt and pepper. Using knife, score fat on top of roast at ½-inch intervals.
2. MAKE SAUCE Melt butter in large saucepan over medium-high heat. Cook garlic and thyme until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Stir in cranberry sauce, 1½ cups cranberry juice, dried cranberries, ketchup, mustard, sugar, and vinegar and bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Whisk cornstarch and remaining cranberry juice in small bowl, then whisk into pot. Simmer until sauce is thickened, 1 to 2 minutes.
3. ROAST PORK Place pork, fat-side up, in 13- by 9-inch baking pan. Pour sauce around pork and roast until top of pork is golden brown, about 45 minutes. Carefully spoon sauce over pork and continue to cook until meat registers 145 degrees, 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer pork to carving board, tent with foil, and let rest 15 minutes. Transfer sauce to serving bowl, cover, and keep warm. Slice pork and serve, passing sauce at table.

Submitter: 
Lisa Harmon
Description: 
Use whole berry cranberry sauce, not jellied. Avoid unsweetened cranberry juice in this recipe, but cranberry juice cocktail will work just fine. Look for a pork loin roast with about a 1/4-inch cap of fat on the top; the fat helps keep this lean roast moist during cooking.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
