URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62756482/pattu-dosa/
Title:
Pattu Dosa Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 C urad dal
1/2 tsp fenugreek seed
2 c rice flour
3 c hot water
1 tsp salt
1/8 tsp baking soda
oil to cook the dosa

Directions:
Soak the dal and the whole fenugreek seed in a bowl covered by 1 inch of water.  Soak for 8 hours. Drain and rinse.
Grind to a smooth paste using 1 c of the hot water in a food processor.  Set aside.
Stir rice flour into 2 c of hot water.  Whisk well for 2 mins, til well beaten.  Cover and let this batter ferment in a warmish place for 8 to 12 hours.  The batter will become light and foamy.  It should end up being about the consistency of cake batter after the ferment; if not, add one or 2 T of water a little at a time until it's the right consistency (being careful not to over beat so it doesn't lose its lightness)
Just before cooking, stir in the salt and baking soda.  Let rest 5 mins
Heat a nonstick frying pan or griddle until very hot.  Brush lightly with oil (just a thin film).  Pour about 1/3 c of batter onto the hot surface and quickly spread the batter out in a circular motion with the back of the spoon or ladle until it's about 8 or 9" around.  Don't worry about holes; this dosa should be as thin as possible.
When it begins to set (about 2 mins) pour a little oil around the edges of the dosa.  If you have a REALLY GOOD nonstick surface you won't need much.  Experiment a little to see what works for you.  This is to help release the dosa when you need to flip it.
When the bottom is brown, flip it over and brown the other side.
Transfer to a plate (I use a pyrex pie plate) and keep warm in a warm oven til all the dosa are done and ready to be served.
Serve with your choice of sweet or savory chutneys, or with sambar.

Submitter: 
KitchenBarbarian
Description: 
Dosa are vaguely like a crepe, only savory instead of sweet.

Adapted from a recipe by Julie Sahni
From Classic Indian Vegetarian and Grain Cooking
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 h
Ready in:
next d
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
