URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62757404/uttappam-pancake-like-south-indian-savory/
Title:
Uttappam (pancake-like south Indian savory) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 c urad flour
1 1/8 c rice flour
1 3/4 c water
1 T cream of wheat or cream of rice
1 T all purpose flour
1/8 tsp baking powder
1/2 tsp salt
1 1/3 c chopped onion (optional)
4 finely chopped green chilies (optional)
1/2 c light sesame oil

Directions:
Mix the urad flour, rice flour, and the water in a bowl with a whisk til it is well blended.  Cover and set aside to ferment for 8 hours.
Add the cream of wheat or cream of rice and the all purpose flour.  Mix thoroughly.  Cover and set aside AGAIN to ferment for another 8 to 12 hours (remember this is usually made from leftover dosa or idli batter, which has already been fermented once).
Stir in the baking powder and salt - use a small fine sieve to make sure the baking powder doesn't go in lumpy.  Add the minced green chilies at this time, if you are using them.  Should be about the consistency of pancake batter - you can add a small amount of water (a T or 2) if it's too thick.  Not much to be done if it's too thin.  Don't stir too much, just enough to mix in the baking powder.
Heat a griddle or large nonstick frying pan over med-high heat for about 3 mins.  Add 1 T oil and swirl around to coat the pan (or use half of an onion to kind of spread it around).  Pour about 1/2 c batter and gently (but quickly) spread it around with the back of the spoon to about 6" diameter.  Remember this is more pancake like so you want it to be thicker than a dosa would be.
Sprinkle 1/6th of the veggies or other topping (if you're using them) on the top of the uttappam.  Let cook for a couple minutes.
Dribble a little oil around the edges with a spoon (like a tsp or 2).  Flip the chilla and press with the back of the spatula.  Cook a couple minutes longer, til it's cooked through and looks browned on both sides.
Serve immediately if possible or keep warm in a pie plate in a very low oven.
Serve with chutney, sambar or rasam.

Submitter: 
KitchenBarbarian
Description: 
Uttappam is typically made from either whole rice and urad dal which is ground into a paste, or left-over dosa or idli batter.  This version uses urad flour, rice flour, and a small amount of semolina (cream of wheat) for a quicker, easier version.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
16-20 h
Ready in:
next d
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
