URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62758870/thai-noodle-salad/
Title:
Thai Noodle Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (12 ounce) package Excellent Flour Stick
2/3 (12 ounce) package Mann broccoli slaw
1 mini orange bell pepper, chopped
1 mini red bell pepper, chopped
1 mini yellow bell pepper, chopped
1 cup fresh cilantro, chopped (optional)
1 cup fresh green onions, chopped (optional)
1/2 cup chopped peanuts (optional)
2 tablespoons toasted black sesame seeds (optional)
8 ounces boneless chicken pressure cooked 6 to 7 min in 1 tsp each of rice wine vinegar, soy sauce, and sesame oil.
1/4 cup peanut butter
2 tablespoons tahini
1/4 cup rice wine vinegar
1 tsp sambal oelek (South Asian chile paste)
5 tablespoons soy sauce
1 teaspoon sesame oil
1 1/2 tablespoon brown sugar
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper

Directions:
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Break pasta into small pieces and add to boiling water; cook for 2 minutes drain. Cook chicken as directed above and slice thinly into bite size pieces.  In a large bowl, toss together the broccoli slaw, chopped peppers, noodles and chicken.
In a small bowl, stir together the peanut butter, tahini, rice wine vinegar and sweet chile sauce. Season with soy sauce, sesame oil, brown sugar, garlic powder, salt and pepper. Ten minutes before serving, toss the sauce with the vegetable/noodle mixture until evenly coated.  Serve garnishes of cilantro, green onions, peanuts and black sesame seeds in small bowls on the side to allow guests to top as they like.

Submitter: 
Cathy Gonzales
Description: 
Here is a quick recipe for a salad with an Asian flair that is elegant and good enough for the fanciest party.  It's not only a healthy alternative, but tastes fantastic.Modified from: Thai Noodle Salad
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
