URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62756480/eggplant-upma-indian-semolina-pilaf-with-eggplant-and-garlic/
Title:
Eggplant Upma (Indian Semolina Pilaf with eggplant and garlic) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
5 T light sesame oil
1/3 c raw chopped cashews or slivered almonds (optional)
1 c quick-cooking cream of wheat
1 tsp black mustard seed
3 dry red chili pods, crumbled coarsely
1/2 c chopped shallot or red onion
1/2 T ginger paste
1 c eggplant, chopped (no need to peel)
1/2 C cubed potatoes, peeled
1/2 C peas
2 C hot water
1 tsp salt
2 tsp lemon juice
2 - 3 T cilantro, chopped

Directions:
Prepare and measure all ingredients in advance and set aside in separate bowls so they will be ready immediately as you need them.
Heat a frying pan over high heat.  When hot reduce to med, add 1 T of oil and swirl to coat the pan.  Fry the nuts if you are using them.  Set aside for later.
Add 1 T oil to pan.  Add cream of wheat and stir to coat and fry lightly for about 5 minutes.  Set aside.  Wipe the frying pan out for the next step.
Add remaining oil to the pan and turn up to high.  When the oil is hot, reduce to medium high and add the mustard seeds.  When they start to pop, add the chilis and let cook for about 10 to 15 secs (CAREFUL it burns fast) then IMMEDIATELY dump in the shallots/onions and the ginger and cook til they start to soften, about 2 mins.
Add the eggplant and potatoes and stir well to coat, stir frying til they begin to soften.
Add the semolina, peas, water, and slat.  Stir well and bring to a boil.  Reduce to a simmer.  Stir, with a folding motion to make it fluffy and light, about 8 minutes, til the cream of wheat (semolina) thickens.
Fold in the lemon juice and the cilantro.  Add the nuts at this time if you are using them.
Serve garnished with a little chopped cilantro.

Submitter: 
KitchenBarbarian
Description: 
A savory pilaf of semolina, eggplant and garlic

Adapted from a recipe by Julie Sahni
From Classic Indian Vegetarian and Grain Cooking
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
