URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62750330/candied-bacon-ice-cream/
Title:
Candied Bacon Ice Cream Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8-10 slices of good, smokey bacon
2 cups of heavy cream, divided
1/2 cup of milk
2 eggs plus one yolk
1/2 cup white sugar
1/2 cup brown sugar
3 Tablespoons of honey
Splash of Spiced Rum (optional)
1 teaspoon of vanilla extract
Pinch of cinnamon

Directions:
Cook two pieces of bacon in a saucepan until just cooked, but not crispy. Add sugars and one cup of the heavy cream and the half cup of milk. Let simmer for a while to allow the bacon to infuse the custard. Be careful not to let boil. After ten minutes or so beat the eggs and yolk and begin tempering with the hot liquid. Add tempered eggs to the saucepan. I usually strain after this step and return the liquids to the saucepan. Add remaining one cup of cream and honey. Let mixture cook until thickened. It should coat the back of the spoon and stay divided when you run your finger through it on the back of the spoon. Remove the custard from heat and add rum, vanilla and cinnamon. Allow to cool completely while you make the candied bacon.
Lay remaining slices of bacon on a rack in a sheet pan lined with foil. Top bacon with a generous anoint of brown sugar and bake at 425 degrees until sugar caramelizes and bacon is fully cooked. Let cool until sugar has hardened and bacon can be chopped into large chunks, saving the crumbs and sugars from the chopping process as well.
Once the custard has cooled, follow ice cream makers instructions. Most mixers advise that add ins go in at the end, if so add the candied bacon then. Make sure to reserve some of the candied bacon for garnish. Ice cream may be more like a soft serve right out of the ice cream maker and may require up to 24 hours to reach a harder, regular ice cream consistency.

Submitter: 
Sarah Z
Description: 
If love had a taste, this would be it! We love this on waffles with sharp cheddar in the batter. Make sure you use good bacon for this! Bacon that is mostly fat or is really salty won't lend enough bacon flavor to the ice cream or make good candied bacon. You really only need 8-10 slices, so don't be afraid to splurge a little!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
