URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62752064/the-best-blueberry-muffins-ever-period-end-of-story/
Title:
The Best Blueberry Muffins Ever, Period, End of Story Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/634546.jpg
Ingredients:
Lemon Sugar
1/3 cup sugar
Zest from one lemon (about 1 1/2 teaspoons)
Muffins
2 cups fresh blueberries
1 1/8 cups sugar, plus one teaspoon
2 1/2 cups AP flour
1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
1 teaspoon table salt
2 large eggs
4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly
1/4 cup vegetable oil
1 cup buttermilk
1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract

Directions:
Stir the sugar and zest together until combined; set aside.
Adjust oven rack to upper-middle position and heat oven to 425 degrees.  Spray standard muffin tin with nonstick spray.  Bring 1 cup blueberries and 1 teaspoon sugar to simmer in small saucepan over medium heat.  Cook, mashing berries with a spoon several times and stirring frequently, until berries have broken down and mixture is thickened and reduced to 1/4 cup, about 6-8 minutes.  Transfer to bowl and cool to room temperature, 10-15 minutes.
Whisk flour, baking powder, and salt together in large bowl.  Whisk remaining 1 1/8 cups sugar and eggs together in medium bowl until thick and homogeneous, about 45 seconds (remember, 80 strokes).  Slowly whisk in butter and oil until combined.  Whisk in buttermilk and vanilla until combined.  Using rubber spatula, fold egg mixture and remaining cup blueberries into flour mixture until just moistened.  The batter will be very lumpy with spots of dry flour; do not overmix!
Use an ice cream scoop or large spoon to divide batter equally among muffin cups (batter should completely fill cups and mound slightly).  Spoon teaspoon of cooked berry mixture into center of each mound, pushing it below the surface.  Using chopstick or skewer, gently swirl berry filling into batter using figure eight motion.  Sprinkle lemon sugar evenly over muffins.
Bake until muffin tops are golden and just firm, about 17-19 minutes, rotating muffin tin (front to back) halfway through cooking time.  Cool muffins in tin for about 5 minutes, then transfer to a wire rack and cool 5 more minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Becky Fleming See
Description: 
From America's Test Kitchen
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
