URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62758471/skillet-carbonara-casserole/
Title:
Skillet Carbonara Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8	slices  bacon , chopped fine
2	slices  hearty white sandwich bread , torn into pieces
1 1/4	cups  grated Pecorino Romano   (see note)
Salt and pepper
2	large  eggs
1	cup  evaporated milk
5 1/4	cups  water
3	garlic cloves , minced
1	cup  white wine
1	pound  penne pasta

Directions:
1. FRY BACON Cook bacon in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat until crisp, about 5 minutes. Transfer bacon to paper towel-lined plate. Pour off fat from pan, reserving 3 tablespoons.
2. PREPARE TOPPING Pulse bread, ¼ cup cheese, ½ teaspoon pepper, one-quarter of crisp bacon, and 2 tablespoons reserved bacon fat in food processor until coarsely ground. Whisk eggs, milk, remaining cheese, and ¾ cup water in medium bowl.
3. SIMMER PASTA Heat remaining bacon fat in empty skillet over medium-high heat until shimmering. Add garlic and 1 teaspoon pepper and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Stir in wine and cook until reduced to ¼ cup, about 3 minutes. Stir in remaining water, penne, and ¾ teaspoon salt and bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium and simmer covered, stirring occasionally, until most of liquid is absorbed and pasta is al dente, 15 to 20 minutes. Adjust oven rack to upper-middle position and heat broiler.
4. ADD SAUCE Off heat, add egg mixture and remaining crisp bacon to pan and toss to combine. Top with bread-crumb mixture and broil until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Cool 5 minutes. Serve.

Submitter: 
Lisa Harmon
Description: 
Spaghetti carbonara is an Italian classic, but it’s a tricky dish to get just right. Inspired by our success with skillet lasagna, we came up with a new skillet version that keeps the flavor but cuts out the stress
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
6 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
