URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62757948/carne-adovada/
Title:
Carne Adovada Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/4	cup  raisins
1/2	cup  brewed coffee
1	boneless pork shoulder roast  (4- to 5-pounds), trimmed of excess fat and cut into 1 1/2-inch chunks
Salt and pepper
1	tablespoon  vegetable oil
2	onions , chopped
1/4	cup  all-purpose flour
1/2	cup  chili powder
1	teaspoon  dried oregano
1	tablespoon  minced chipotle chiles in adobo sauce
6	garlic cloves , minced
2 1/2	cups  low-sodium chicken broth
1	teaspoon  grated zest  and 1 tablespoon juice from 1 lime
1/4	cup  chopped fresh cilantro leaves

Directions:
1. PLUMP FRUIT Adjust oven rack to lower-middle position and heat oven to 350 degrees. Combine raisins and coffee in small bowl. Wrap tightly with plastic and microwave until liquid begins to boil, 1 to 3 minutes; let stand 5 minutes, until raisins are plump.
2. BROWN PORK Pat pork dry with paper towels and season with salt and pepper. Heat oil in Dutch oven over medium-high heat until just smoking. Brown half of pork, about 10 minutes. Transfer to plate and repeat with remaining pork.
3. MAKE SAUCE Pour off all but 1 tablespoon fat from Dutch oven. Add onions and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Add flour, chili powder, oregano, chipotle, and garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add broth and raisin mixture, scraping up any browned bits, and bring to boil. Working in 2 batches, transfer mixture to blender or food processor and puree until smooth. Return sauce to pot.
4. BAKE AND FINISH Add browned pork to sauce in pot and transfer to oven. Cook, covered, until pork is fork-tender, about 2 hours. Skim sauce, then stir in lime zest, lime juice, and cilantro. Season with salt and pepper. Serve. (Pork can be refrigerated in airtight container for 3 days.)

Submitter: 
Lisa Harmon
Description: 
Pork shoulder—usually labeled pork butt or Boston butt—comes either boneless or on the bone. If using bone-in pork shoulder, buy a 6- to 6½-pound roast. When trimming excess fat, leave at least 1/8-inch thickness on the exterior. Serve the finished dish over rice or with warm corn tortillas.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
