URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62758478/make-ahead-creamy-macaroni-and-cheese/
Title:
Make-Ahead Creamy Macaroni and Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4	slices  hearty white sandwich bread , torn into pieces
1/4	cup  grated Parmesan cheese
1	garlic clove , minced
8	tablespoons (1 stick)  unsalted butter , melted
Salt and pepper
1	pound  elbow macaroni
6	tablespoons  all-purpose flour
1	teaspoon  dry mustard
1/8	teaspoon  cayenne pepper
4 1/2	cups  low-sodium chicken broth
1 1/2	cups  heavy cream
4	cups  shredded colby cheese
2	cups  shredded extra-sharp cheddar cheese

Directions:
1. PROCESS TOPPING Pulse bread, Parmesan, garlic, and 2 tablespoons butter in food processor until coarsely ground. Divid crumb mixture between 2 zipper-lock freezer bags and freeze.
2. COOK PASTA Bring 4 quarts water to boil in dutch oven over high heat. Add 1 tablespoon salt and macaroni and cook until barely softened, about 3 minutes. Drain pasta, then spread out on rimmed baking sheet and let cool.
3. MAKE SAUCE Heat remaining butter, flour, mustard, and cayenne in empty pot over medium-high heat, stirring constantly, until golden and fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Slowly whisk in broth and cream and bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium and simmer until slightly thickened, about 15 minutes. Off heat, whisk in colby, cheddar, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper until smooth.
4. FREEZE Stir cooled pasta into sauce, breaking up any clumps, until well combined. Divide pasta mixture between two 8-inch square baking dishes. Cool to room temperature, about 2 hours. Wrap dishes tightly with plastic, cover with foil, and freeze for up to 2 months.
5. BAKE Adjust oven rack to middle position and heat oven to 375 degrees. Remove foil from casserole and reserve. Microwave casserole until mixture is thawed and beginning to bubble around edges, 7 to 12 minutes, stirring and replacing plastic halfway through cooking. (If preparing both dishes, microwave one at a time.) Discard plastic and cover pan with reserved foil. Bake 20 minutes, then remove foil and sprinkle with 1 bag frozen bread crumbs. (If preparing both dishes, sprinkle second bag of crumbs over second dish.) Continue to bake until crumbs are golden brown and crisp, about 20 minutes longer. Let cool 10 minutes. Serve.

Submitter: 
Lisa Harmon
Description: 
We sought convenience, creaminess, and comfort in a straight-from-the-freezer casserole. Was it too much to ask
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
