URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62757371/double-decker-fish-tacos/
Title:
Double Decker Fish Tacos Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Fish taco sauce: (adapted from Breese823’s recipe for fish tacos on this ‘all recipes’ website)
1/2 cup plain yogurt
1/2 cup mayonnaise
3 teaspoons of bottled lime juice
1½ teaspoons of seeded and minced jalapeno peppers, adjust to your taste (*See Tip below)
1 teaspoon minced capers
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin
1/2 teaspoon dried dill weed
1/2 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper
Fish and marinade:
2 pounds tilapia fillets or other mild firm fish (cod or sole don’t hold up well on a grill)
1½ tablespoons of bottled lime juice
2 teaspoons of seeded and minced jalapeno peppers, adjust to your taste (*See Tip below)
2 tablespoons olive oil
Other:
16 oz can of refried black beans, warmed up
8 flour tortillas, soft taco size
8 crispy yellow corn taco shells
8 ounce bag of shredded cabbage & carrots (coleslaw mix)
1 cup fresh diced tomatoes
3/4 cup peeled, seeded and slivered cucumber (optional but a great taste addition)
2 small limes cut into quarters
Side items: corn on the cob and a cold fruit salad

Directions:
Mix the fish sauce ingredients in a bowl, cover and refrigerate till needed. Cut up the tomato(s) and set aside on a small plate. (I don’t bother with peeling and seeding the tomatoes)
In a bowl, mix together the 1½ Tbs lime juice, 2 Tbs olive oil and 2 tsp of minced jalapeno pepper. Rinse the fish under cold water, pat dry, place in the bowl and toss to coat, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate till the grill is hot.
Heat a gas grill or a charcoal grill to medium-high heat.
Scrape off any jalapeno particles from the fish and lightly sprinkle chili powder on both sides of the fish, if you wish. Oil the grill grate and grill the fish over medium-high heat till the fish flakes easily, turning after 4 minutes, about 10 minutes total cooking time. Cut the fish into 8 equal portions, wrap in foil and keep warm in a preheated oven set to 170F.
Warm each flour tortilla on the grill till soft, wrap in foil and keep warm in the oven. Make a fluid assembly line of the ingredients: taco shells, fish, sauce, coleslaw, tomatoes, tortillas and refried beans. Ready a large platter and a roll of aluminum foil, place a portion of fish into a crispy taco shell, top with some sauce, coleslaw mix, tomatoes and optional cucumber slivers. Place on the platter. Repeat with the remaining crispy taco shells. Now smear some warm black refried beans onto a flour tortilla and wrap it around one of the tacos. Wrap each double-decker taco in foil so to keep warm. Repeat with the remaining tortillas and tacos.
Serve with lime wedges, corn on the cob and a cold fruit salad on the side. Serve beer as a beverage.

Submitter: 
Dale
Description: 
Grilled fish, refried black beans, crispy corn taco shells, flour tortillas, fabulous fish taco sauce, cabbage and tomatoes make a delicious fish taco. The refried black beans add more substance and protein to the fish tacos. Go easy on the jalapenos, you don’t want to overpower the flavor of the rest of the ingredients.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
