URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62758922/pork-tenderloin-with-raspberry-sauce/
Title:
Pork Tenderloin with Raspberry Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme, crushed
1/2 teaspoon dried sage, crushed
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon pepper
2 pork tenderloins
1 tablespoon butter
1 tablespoon olive oil
1/4 cup seedless raspberry jam
2 tablespoons orange juice
2 tablespoons champagne or white whine vinegar
4 sprigs fresh thyme (optional)

Directions:
In a small bowl, combine crushed thyme, sage, salt, and pepper. Rub evenly over pork chops (this can be done several hours before, just wrap in plastic and leave in fridge).
Melt butter and olive oil in a skillet over high heat, sear pork chops on each side, ensuring they get nice and brown.
Remove from skillet and put on baking sheet/pan in 350-400 degree oven and cook until internal temp reaches 135-140 (approx 15-20 minutes).
Combine raspberry jam, orange juice, and vinegar with remaining oil and butter in skillet. Bring to a boil, and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, or until sauce is reduced to desired consistency (sauce will thicken as it cools).
Remove pork from oven and let rest under tented foil.  Be sure to collect any juices from the pork. If necessary, warm up sauce while pork rests.
Slice pork, and arrange on plate/platter.
Add juices from pork to sauce in pan, stir well.
Spoon small amount of sauce over pork, serve extra in bowl on the side. Garnish with sprigs of thyme.

Submitter: 
melrod333
Description: 
Adapted from Robin Seidel's pork chop with raspberry sauce, I changed it to pork tenderloin. This is perfect for company as it is easy and much can be set up ahead of time, but it looks and tastes like you slaved for hours!  I typically serve with roasted potatoes and some fresh green beans or asparagus.Modified from: Pork Chops with Raspberry Sauce
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
