URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62757976/make-ahead-sweet-and-sour-cocktail-meatballs/
Title:
Make-Ahead Sweet and Sour Cocktail Meatballs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
MEATBALLS
4	slices  hearty white sandwich bread , torn into pieces
1/2	cup  whole milk
2	large  egg yolks
1/2	pound  ground pork
1/2	cup  finely chopped fresh parsley
2	garlic cloves , minced
1	teaspoon  salt
2	teaspoons  pepper
2 1/2	pounds  85 percent lean ground beef
SAUCE
1	tablespoon  vegetable oil
1	onion , minced
1	(28-ounce) can  tomato sauce
2 1/2	cups  apricot preserves
1/4	cup  packed dark brown sugar
3	tablespoons  Worcestershire sauce
2	tablespoons  Dijon mustard
1/4	teaspoon  red pepper flakes

Directions:
1. MAKE MEATBALLS Adjust oven racks to upper-middle and lower-middle positions and heat oven to 450 degrees. Using fork, mash bread, milk, and egg yolks in large bowl until smooth. Add pork, parsley, garlic, salt, and pepper and mix until incorporated. Add beef and knead gently until combined.
2. BAKE MEATBALLS Form mixture into 1¼-inch meatballs (you should have about 80). Bake meatballs on 2 rimmed baking sheets until cooked through and beginning to brown, 12 to 15 minutes, switching and rotating sheets halfway through cooking. Let cool to room temperature, then refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes. Transfer to large zipper-lock freezer bag and freeze for up to 1 month.
3. MAKE SAUCE Heat oil in Dutch oven over medium-high heat until shimmering. Cook onion until softened, about 5 minutes. Whisk in tomato sauce, preserves, sugar, Worcestershire, mustard, and pepper flakes and bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until sauce is thickened, about 15 minutes. Let cool to room temperature. Transfer to airtight container and freeze for up to 1 month.
4. TO SERVE Reheat sauce, covered and stirring occasionally, in Dutch oven over medium-low heat. Once sauce reaches simmer, stir in frozen meatballs and cook until heated through, 10 to 15 minutes. Serve.

Submitter: 
Lisa Harmon
Description: 
Use a 1 1/4-inch melon baller or a 1 tablespoon measuring spoon to form the meatballs.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
