URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62758436/reduced-fat-carrot-cake-with-cream-cheese-frosting/
Title:
Reduced-Fat Carrot Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Cake
2 1/2	cups  all-purpose flour
2	teaspoons  baking powder
1	teaspoon  baking soda
1 1/2	teaspoons  ground cinnamon
1/2	teaspoon  ground nutmeg
1/8	teaspoon  ground cloves
1/2	teaspoon  Salt
2	large eggs
1	(4-ounce) jar carrot baby food
1	cup  packed brown sugar
1/2	cup  vegetable oil
1	pound  carrots , peeled and shredded
Frosting
1	(8-ounce) package  Neufchatel (1/3 less fat) cream cheese , softened
1	cup  marshmallow créme (see note)
1 1/2	teaspoons  vanilla extract
1/4	cup  confectioners' sugar

Directions:
1. HEAT OVEN Adjust oven rack to middle position and heat oven to 350 degrees. Lightly grease 13- by 9-inch baking pan with cooking spray and line bottom of pan with parchment paper.
2. MAKE BATTER Whisk flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves, and salt in large bowl. With electric mixer on medium speed, beat eggs, baby food, and sugar until smooth and creamy, 1 to 2 minutes. With mixer still running, slowly add oil and mix until thoroughly incorporated, about 1 minute. Reduce speed to low. Add flour mixture in two additions, scraping down sides of bowl as necessary, and mix until batter is nearly smooth. Fold in carrots.
3. BAKE CAKE Spread batter in prepared pan and bake until toothpick inserted in center comes out with few moist crumbs attached, 24 to 28 minutes, rotating pan halfway through baking. Cool cake in pan 10 minutes, then invert onto wire rack. Remove parchment and flip cake right-side up to cool completely, about 1 1/2 hours.
4. MAKE FROSTING With mixer on medium-high speed, beat together cream cheese, marshmallow creme, and vanilla. Sift confectioners' sugar over cream cheese mixture and beat on low speed until mixture is smooth, about 1 minute. Frost cooled cake. Serve

Submitter: 
Lisa Harmon
Description: 
Sure, carrots are good for you. But carrot cake? At 500 calories a slice, this cake needed a trim.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
