URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62757419/spicy-cabbage-topping-for-uttappam/
Title:
Spicy Cabbage topping for Uttappam Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 T light sesame oil or vegetable oil
1 tsp black mustard seeds
4 green chilies, finely minced
4 T minced cilantro
1/4 tsp asafoetida (hing powder)
One quarter of an average sized cabbage (about 3/4 lb), finely chopped or shredded (stem removed)
1/4 tsp salt
light sesame oil or vegetable oil

Directions:
The uttapam batter needs to be made ahead of time before starting this (up to step 5, see Uttappam recipe).  If you are making this as Uttappam topping, it is recommended that you leave the chilies out of the uttappam batter recipe and include them here instead.  Make the Uttappam batter plain, with no other veggies.
Measure all ingredients and set aside separately in small bowls
Heat 1 to 2 T oil in a large frying pan over high heat.  When it is hot (about 2 to 3 mins) add the mustard seeds.  When the begin to pop, quickly add the chilies and stire for 15 to 30 secs.
Add the asafoetida, stir around to distribute, then immediately add the onions.  Cook for about a minute, stirring well to distribute spices.
Add the cabbage and the salt and cook for about 3 mins longer.  Lower the heat, cover, and cook until the cabbage has softened (about 10 to 15 mins).
Stir in the minced coriander and set aside.
Prepare Uttapam as indicated in the recipe up to step 5.  Sprinkle some of the cabbage mixture on top of the uttapam and continue to cook as per the Uttappam recipe.
If you run out of cabbage before you run out of uttappam batter, sprinkle on some minced onions, minced cilantro, minced green onion, and finely chopped tomato (or any combination of finely chopped or shredded veggies that floats your boat)
Serve with rasam or sambar

Submitter: 
KitchenBarbarian
Description: 
A topping for Uttappam, a pancake-like South Indian tiffin.  See Uttappam recipe separately.

Adapted from a recipe by Julie Sahni
From Classic Indian Vegetarian and Grain Cooking
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
