URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62757902/stove-to-oven-pot-roast-blending-several-pot-roast-recipes/
Title:
Stove-to-Oven Pot Roast (blending several pot roast recipes) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
~2.1 lb. chuck pot roast
1/2 cup Buitoni marinara sauce
1T cider vinegar
1t sugar
4 dashes ground cloves
2 small bay leaves
several dashes fresh ground pepper
dash salt
~4T AP flour
diced 1-med onion, 3-red potato, 2-large mushrooms, 2 med carrots peeled and sliced thick diagonally
1.5 C beef/veg stock
3 C water
Canola oil liquid and spray
1/3 sour cream (optional from Hannaford's Braised Beef w/ Mushrooms and Barley stove top method)
For optional flour-thickened gravy, see below for ingredients and directions.

Directions:
Warm ~2T Canola Oil in Dutch Oven, lightly brown minced garlic. Flour and pepper the roast, sear all sides in dutch oven. Preheat oven to 350F.
Cooking sauce for the roast: In a small bowl mix together 1/2 c marinara, 1T cider vinegar, 1t sugar, dash pepper (optional sour cream may be added here), stir. Pour over browned roast, cover and reduce heat to low for 1.5 hours, turning several times.
Once roast is cooking, spray a deep 9x13 pan with canola oil, add diced onion, red potatoes, carrots, mushrooms. Cover with 1.5 C beef/veg stock, add 2 C water. Cover loosely with aluminum foil, bake at 350F for 1.5 hours.
Next, add roast and sauce to the oven roasting vegetables. Bake uncovered another 1 hour or until done (i.e. carrots and potatoes are fork tender) and all juice and sauce has blended and reduced.
Let roast rest ~15 minutes, make gravy if desired, serve.
Optional flour-thickened gravy: After removing roast to rest in the microwave-away from cats, drain liquid into 1 qt sauce pan. Heat on medium (2.5 on Kenmore). Add ~1/4 c flour/butter roux, mixed in 1 cup container. Add to taste 3 dashes ground clove, 1 dash salt, 1/2 T minced dried onion, dash garlic powder, fresh ground pepper. Continue cooking for about 10-15 minutes to reduce sauce and bring together the flavors. Add all the baked veggies into the sauce, gently toss. Serve pot roast, smothered in gravy and mixed veggies. Serve with a biscuit on the side for soppin'

Submitter: 
Wendie
Description: 
reworked Autumn Pot Roast cooking sauce based on the contents of my pantry, and a desire to experiment. Blended cooking times and ideas from several stove top and oven pot roasts. Referenced also Hannaford's stove top recipe attached to the meat label which replaces the potatoes with barley and includes sour cream. Used deep 3qt; this recipe only requires a deep 2qt. (shopping trip!)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
~ 1 h
Ready in:
~ 4 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
