URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62755311/baked-beef-empanadas/
Title:
Baked  Beef Empanadas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/636064.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup finely chopped red potato
1 cup finely chopped onion
1 cup beef broth
1/4 tsp. salt
1/4 tsp. ground cumin
1/4 tsp. ground allspice
1/4 tsp. black pepper
1/2 lb. boneless beef top sirloin, trimmed and diced
1 garlic clove, minced
1 tbsp. finely chopped cilantro
1 tbsp. cornstarch
1 tbsp. cold water
36 won ton wrappers
Cooking spray
Fresh cilantro sprigs

Directions:
Combine first 10 ingredients in a saucepan.
Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring occasionally.
Reduce heat; simmer 8 minutes or until potato is done, stirring occasionally.
Remove from heat. Cool. Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Place 2 baking sheets in oven for about 10 minutes.
Drain meat mixture in a colander over a bowl. Discard liquid.
Finely chop meat mixture with a knife, or place in a food processor, and pulse 2 times or until finely chopped.
Combine cornstarch and water, stirring with a whisk. Working with one won ton wrapper at a time (cover the remaining won ton wrappers with a damp towel to keep them from drying).
Spoon 1 tbsp. beef mixture into center of each wrapper. Moisten the edges of each wrapper with the cornstarch mixture.
Bring 2 opposite corners together.
Pinch the points to seal, forming a triangle. Place filled wrapper on a wire rack. Repeat the procedure with the remaining beef mixture, won ton wrappers, and cornstarch mixture. Remove the baking sheets from the oven; coat baking sheets with cooking spray.
Arrange the empanadas in a single layer on baking sheets.
Coat the empanadas with cooking spray.
Bake at 400 degrees for 8 minutes or until golden, turning once. Garnish with cilantro.

Submitter: 
Jill Sander
Description: 
This Latin pastry is the stuff that dreams are made of. Chock full of beef, potatoes and a bunch of spices, these Empanadas prove that good things do come in small packages.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
