URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62762305/ghee-indian-toasted-butter/
Title:
Ghee (Indian toasted butter) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/639068.jpg
Ingredients:
1 lb of UNSALTED butter (the quantity isn't critical, you can as well use one stick as the whole pound)

Directions:
Slowly melt the butter in a small sauce pan over a low heat.
When the butter is completely melted, turn the heat up to med-low and watching closely, let it simmer gently until the milk solids have solidified out - they will start to toast, browning into crispy flakes.  This should take about 10 or 12 mins.  AS SOON as this has happened, remove from the heat and strain through several layers of cheesecloth or a muslin towel (flour sack cloth) lining a metal strainer to strain out all the now crunchy solids.
Don't be tempted to hurry the process by turning the heat up - only use as much heat as is absolutely necessary to toast the milk solids.  Hot oil of any kind is never to be trifled with.  Also, heating at a temperature that is too high may cause the milk solids to start to brown before they've all precipitated out, leaving some behind and shortening the shelf life.  It may also leave a slightly burnt flavor that will ruin the ghee.  Be patient.
It will be HOT so handle carefully while straining.  It is best strained into a metal container as it may be hot enough to crack glass and will melt plastic.
You don't want to leave any of the solids behind as that will shorten the life of your ghee.
There is no need to refrigerate as the ghee is safe to store at room temperature for at least 3 to 4 months (assuming you've cooked out and strained off all the milk solids).  It may be refrigerated but must be returned to room temp or melted before serving.
Ghee may be used in cooking or a small amount is often drizzled over a dish such as dal by the individual diner.
Serve at table in a small metal sauce cup or in a ghee pot, a small lidded metal container which often comes with a tiny spoon used to drizzle small amounts of ghee over one's food.

Submitter: 
KitchenBarbarian
Description: 
Ghee is a step beyond clarified butter.  When properly prepared, it is a light golden-brown oil with a nutty flavor and aroma totally free of liquids and milk solids which will keep for several months at room temperature.  You can also heat it to a much higher temperature than plain butter as the milk solids in butter will burn at much lower temperatures than the pure oil will.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 min
Ready in:
15 mins
Number of servings: 
32
Nutritional Facts:
NA
