URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62769800/zucchini-parmesan/
Title:
Zucchini Parmesan Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2  cup  all purpose flour
3/4  teaspoon  garlic granules
1/2  teaspoon  salt
1/2  teaspoon  black pepper
4  large  zucchini (about 2 pounds total), trimmed, cut lengthwise into 1/4-inch-thick slices
1/2 onion thinly sliced
1/4  cup olive oil
1  28 ounce can diced tomatoes
1/2  teaspoon crushed red pepper
2 tsp chopped fresh garlic
2 tbsp dried basil
1 tbsp dried oregano
sliced Provolone cheese
1/2  cup  grated Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Coat a 7 x 11 inch glass baking dish with nonstick cooking spray.
In shallow plate, mix together the flour, 1/4 teaspoon garlic granules, the salt and 1/4 teaspoon black pepper. Dredge zucchini slices in flour mixture to coat, tapping off excess.
In large nonstick skillet, heat 2 tablespoons oil over medium-high heat. Working in batches, add zucchini slices and sauté until lightly browned, about 3 minutes each side, adding more oil as needed to prevent sticking. Transfer zucchini slices to baking sheet lined with paper towels.
In medium size bowl, combine the tomatoes, the pepper flakes, the 2 teaspoons fresh garlic, basil, oregano and the 1/4 teaspoon black pepper.
Spread a small amount of the tomato mixture over bottom of the prepared baking dish. Arrange half of the zucchini slices in single layer in the baking dish. Spoon half of the tomato mixture over zucchini; cover layer with sliced provolone, sprinkle with 1/4 cup parmesan; then spread sliced onion over cheese (one layer of onion in dish). Repeat the layering with the zucchini, tomato mixture and top with provolone and parmesan cheese.
Bake, uncovered, until heated through and cheese is melted and brown, about 30 minutes. Let stand 10 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Kerleygirl
Description: 
This recipe uses a lot of on hand ingredients.  I think it would be really good using fresh basil leaves in the layers.  Mozarella cheese would likely be equally good-I just always have provolone and parmesan on hand. Great veggie dish! I serve it as a main dish with spinach salad on the side.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
