URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62762404/spring-pea-soup-with-parmesan-custards/
Title:
Spring Pea Soup with Parmesan Custards Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/639113.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup 125 mL heavy cream
1/4 cup 50 mL Tre Stelle® Grated Parmesan Cheese
pinch of salt and white pepper
1 large egg
Soup
2 tbsp 30 mL butter
½ cup 125 mL leek, finely chopped
2 cups 500 mL vegetable broth
1 sprig fresh mint
1 bag 750 g frozen baby peas
1/4 cup 50 mL heavy cream
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
fresh mint for garnish

Directions:
Custards: In a small saucepan, combine the cream with the Parmesan, salt and pepper; cook over medium heat until bubbles appear around inside edge of the pan. Remove from the heat, cover and let sit for 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 250ºF (120ºC)
Pour the mixture into a measuring cup, add the egg and gently whisk. Carefully pour the mixture into four 1-ounce ramekins. Place ramekins in a roasting pan and pour enough boiling water into the pan to reach halfway up the sides of the cups. Bake for 1 hour, or until set. Remove from the oven and allow the custards to cool in pan with water bath for approximately 5 minutes.
Soup: Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat.
Add leek and cook until softened, but not browned. Add vegetable broth and fresh mint to the saucepan and increase the heat and bring to a boil. Add the frozen peas and salt and pepper to taste. Return to a boil, cover and reduce heat to a simmer until the peas are just tender, approximately 3-5 minutes.
Remove the mint and puree the soup in a blender or hand blender until smooth. Stir in heavy cream and return to saucepan to heat again before serving. Run a sharp knife around the insides of each ramekin and un-mold into the centre of each soup dish. Carefully pour in warm soup and garnish with fresh mint if desired.
Makes 4 servings.

Submitter: 
TreStelle
Description: 
Spring Pea Soup with Parmesan Custards
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
