URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62762375/tomato-dal---south-indian-toor-dal/
Title:
Tomato Dal - South Indian Toor dal Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3/4 c DRY toor dal (not the oily kind)
2 1/4 c water (3 times the amount of dal)
1 T oil
1/2 tsp chana dal
1/2 tsp urud dal
1 dry red pepper
1/2 tsp cumin seeds
1 tsp mustard seeds
half dozen curry (neem) leaves
1 tsp curry powder
1 tsp coriander powder
1/4 tsp turmeric powder
1 tsp salt
1 large onion
2 green chilis (optional)
4 Roma or paste-style tomatoes or one 16 oz can of chopped tomatoes
1/4 c fresh cilantro, chopped

Directions:
Bring dal, salt, and water to a boil and reduce to a simmer for 30 - 40 minutes, until the dal is soft and has absorbed most of the water.  It should still be a bit soupy.  Watch carefully for overboiling or sticking or scorching.
While the dal is cooking, mix together the curry powder, coriander powder, cumin powder and turmeric and set aside in a small bowl.
Chop the onions and the (optional) green chilies and set aside in a bowl. You’ll need to add them quickly when it’s time.
When the dal is nearly done cooking take a large fry pan and heat the oil.
When the oil is moderately hot, add the chana dal and the urad dal.
When the urad dal just begins to brown, add the cumin seeds.
Wait just a tiny bit (like 30 seconds) and add the mustard seeds.  The heat is critical at this point; it should be high enough to begin to brown the cumin seeds, but not so high they burn before you can finish the next steps.
When the mustard seeds begin to pop (turn up the heat a bit at a time until they do) immediately add the curry leaves and the crumbled red pepper.  WASH YOUR HANDS BEFORE TOUCHING YOUR FACE AFTER HANDLING DRIED RED PEPPER OR FRESH CHILIES.  It's also a bad idea to take a whiff of what's cooking at this point - the volatile oils in the dried red chilis will vaporize when they hit the oil.
Quickly stir in the onions and (optional) chilies.
Stir in the dry spice mix.
When the onions just begin to soften add the tomatoes.
Cook a few minutes until the tomatoes just begin to soften.
Add the cooked vegetables and spices to the cooked dal.
Simmer for 5 to 10 minutes.
Add most of the chopped cilantro; garnish with the rest at the table.
Serve over rice – basmati style rice is best.

Submitter: 
KitchenBarbarian
Description: 
Indian Dal (legume) recipe - toor dal is split pigeon peas. This is cooked in the South Indian style
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
