URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62767148/chicken-paella/
Title:
Chicken Paella Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8 ounces cherry tomatoes, halved (about ¾ cup)
1 bunch parsley, stems removed (about 2 cups)
1 small red onion, sliced
2 tablespoons sherry vinegar
½ cup jarred baby artichoke hearts, halved
Salt and freshly ground pepper
2¼ cups low-sodium chicken stock
½ teaspoon saffron
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
½ pound fresh Spanish chorizo, cut into ¼-inch slices
1 small onion, diced (about ½ cup)
6 garlic cloves, minced (about ¼ cup)
1 cup calaspara or Arborio rice
¼ cup fresh or frozen peas
¼ cup jarred piquillo pepper, thinly sliced
10 ounces shredded cooked chicken (about 2 cups)

Directions:
1. Make the parsley salad: In a large mixing bowl, toss the cherry tomatoes with the parsley, onion, vinegar and artichoke hearts. Season with salt and pepper and toss again. Let stand at room temperature while you make the paella.
2. Preheat the oven to 350°. In a small saucepan, bring the chicken stock to a simmer. Remove the stock from heat, stir in the saffron, cover and set aside.
3. In a large, heavy skillet or paella pan, combine the olive oil, chorizo, onion and garlic and cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the onion softens and the chorizo begins to brown, about 5 to 7 minutes. Add the rice and mix to coat the grains completely.
4. Stir in the reserved chicken stock, peas, pepper and chicken; season with salt and pepper. Cover the pan and bake for 15 minutes. Uncover and bake until the edges are golden brown and the rice is cooked through, about 25 to 30 minutes. Adjust seasoning, if necessary. Top the paella with the parsley salad and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
meghanmacrae
Description: 
Packed with chicken, chorizo and tangy-sweet piquillo peppers, this paella is big on flavor but exceptionally easy to make at home. The sharpness of the accompanying parsley salad balances the rich, saffron-infused rice and provides a boost of color.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
