URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62760228/butterscotch-brownies-with-brown-sugar-butter-icing/
Title:
Butterscotch Brownies with Brown Sugar Butter Icing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature
3 cups firmly packed golden brown sugar
4 large eggs
1 tablespoon vanilla extract
3 cups all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon kosher salt
2 cups chopped pecans, toasted
1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter (for icing)
2 cups firmly packed golden brown sugar (for icing)
4 cups powdered sugar (for icing)
1/3 cup half-and-half
1 tablespoon vanilla extract

Directions:
TO MAKE THE BROWNIES: Preheat the oven to 350°F. Line a half-sheet (13 by 18-inch) pan with aluminum foil and grease with butter or cooking spray. Using an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the 1 cup butter and the 3 cups brown sugar on medium-high speed until fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add the eggs and 1 tablespoon vanilla and continue beating for another minute. In a bowl, stir together the flour, baking powder, and salt. Beat the flour mixture into the butter mixture on low speed until incorporated. Stir in the pecans. Pour into the prepared pan, smoothing the top. Bake until the bars are set and slightly puffed, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool completely before icing.
TO MAKE THE ICING: In a saucepan set over medium heat, melt the 1 cup butter and 2 cups brown sugar. Once the mixture is lightly bubbling, decrease the heat to medium-low and cook, stirring occasionally, for 2 more minutes; set aside. Using an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the powdered sugar, half-and-half, and vanilla on medium speed until creamy, about 1 minute. Add the melted butter mixture and beat until combined. Pour over the cooled brownies and spread evenly. Let the brownies sit for about 30 minutes to allow the icing to firm up before cutting into squares.

Submitter: 
Gregg Hollander
Description: 
Chef-owner Rebecca Rather serves up bold dishes and mouth-watering pastries. The bakery doesn't serve these butterscotch brownies, but they are one of the most delicious treats in Rebecca's third book, Pastry Queen Parties. 

Read More
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
28
Nutritional Facts:
NA
