URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62760084/garlicky-roasted-chickpeas-with-feta-mint-and-lemon/
Title:
Garlicky Roasted Chickpeas with Feta, Mint, and Lemon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cans (15 oz. can) chickpeas, rinsed and drained
2 T olive oil (recipe called for 3 T which I thought was too much)
2 fresh garlic cloves, finely minced
1/8 tsp. red pepper flakes
salt and fresh ground black pepper to taste
3/4 - 1 cup crumbled Feta (recipe called for 1 cup; I thought 3/4 cup was plenty)
1/2 - 3/4 cup chopped fresh mint (recipe called for 1/2 cup but I used 3/4 cup)
lemon wedges to squeeze over finished dish (optional, but good)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375F/190C. Dump chickpeas into a colander placed in the sink and rinse with cold water until no more foam appears. Let chickpeas drain at least 5 minutes. (You can pat them dry with paper towels if they still seem wet after that.)
Mix together the olive oil, finely minced garlic, red pepper flakes, salt, and fresh ground black pepper. Spray a large rectangular baking dish with nonstick spray (11 X 7 or slightly larger). Put drained chickpeas into baking dish, add olive oil mixture and stir until the chickpeas are well coated with oil, then put in the oven and roast 15-18 minutes.
While chickpeas are roasting, wash mint, spin dry or dry with paper towels, and finely chop with large chef's knife. Crumble Feta. Start to check chickpeas after 15 minutes, and as soon as they are hot and barely beginning to crisp on top remove from oven.
Spoon chickpeas into a serving dish. (Use a slotted spoon if there is any unabsorbed oil in the bottom of the baking dish, so the extra oil will be left behind.) Let chickpeas cool 5 minutes, then stir in crumbled Feta and chopped mint. Season with more salt and fresh ground black pepper if desired. Serve warm, with lemon wedges to squeeze over the finished dish if desired.

Submitter: 
Gregg Hollander
Description: 
www.kalynskitchen.com/2011/05/recipe-for-garlicky-roasted-chickpeas.html (adapted from The Bon Appetit Cookbook: Fast Easy Fresh)
I made this a couple of times to get the version in this recipe, only slightly adapted from the cookbook (although I did lighten it up a bit, used more mint and added the lemon.)  In my first version I increased the amount of garlic, and after it cooked with the chickpeas I thought the garlic flavor was too strong, so even if you're a garlic fan, I don't recommend upping the garlic.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
