URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62762338/chenna-paneer-or-ricotta-cheese-substitute-indian-home-made-cheese/
Title:
Chenna paneer or ricotta cheese substitute (Indian home made cheese) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 gallon of WHOLE milk
1 c powdered milk (OPTIONAL, for pressed paneer only)
1/4c to 1/2 c of PLAIN ORGANIC yogurt (MUST be organic)
1 to 2 T lemon juice, lime juice, or vinegar (optional)

Directions:
Add the powdered milk if you are using it. Stir well.
Heat the milk to just barely simmering. DO NOT LET IT BOIL! Boiling could make a mess, and it doesn't need to be THAT hot.
When you see the first few bubbles, add the yogurt and stir. The curds should separate quickly. If the whey still looks milky, add the vinegar or lemon juice one T at a time until the whey is a thin yellowish-green color. It almost never takes more than 1 T. Remove from heat immediately.
Line a colander with muslin or sack cloth. If you want to reserve the whey, suspend the colander over a large pan - you can use whey to make dals, soups and curries, to make chapati or puri, or just google "uses for whey".
After the whey has drained off, twist the towel to make a sort of a bag and suspend it over the sink or a pan to finish draining. (One way to do this is to tie this makeshift bag to a spoon laid across the top of a large stock pot).
FOR RICOTTA CHEESE: Let the curds hang for about 15 minutes. Do not press. Unwrap it and you're done. The sooner you use it the better.
FOR INDIAN SWEETS such as Ras Gullah: For desert use, leave the curds hanging until they are cool enough to handle and you will knead the curds.  Follow directions in individual sweets recipes.
FOR MAIN DISHES such as Matar Paneer:  Fold the straining cloth over the drained curds, remove from the colander, set on a plate or inside a pan and put a heavy weight on top to press the curds. I usually put the paneer wrapped in the muslin in the bottom of a large pan and set a plate on top of it, then put a full milk jug on top. I let that sit in the fridge overnight. Take it out the next day - there will be additional whey pressed out - unwrap it, cube it, and you're good to go.

Submitter: 
KitchenBarbarian
Description: 
This soft home made cheese is a delicious way to add protein to a vegetarian dish.  Nothing substitutes for paneer, and it is simple to make. It also makes a good substitute for ricotta cheese if used before being pressed or kneaded; it may also be kneaded before pressing for making Indian sweets such as barfi or ras gullah.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 min
Ready in:
next d
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
