URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62777896/bolognese-meat-sauce-ragu-alla-bolognese-the-traditional-italian-recipe/
Title:
Bolognese meat sauce (Ragù alla bolognese): the traditional italian recipe Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/646522.jpg
Ingredients:
4 pounds ground beef;
2 pounds ground pancetta (unsmoked pork underbelly);
1/2 cup Sangiovese wine (italian dry red wine);
2 cups beef stock;
1 cup finely chopped onions;
1 cup finely chopped carrots;
1/2 cup finely chopped celery;
1/2 pound double concentrated tomato paste;
Salt and black pepper to taste.
6 tablespoons heavy whipping cream (optional);

Directions:
In a large pot sauté onions, carrots, celery and pancetta with olive oil over medium heat;
Add ground beef, stir occasionally and cook until light brown then add wine;
Add concentrated tomato paste, salt, pepper and beef stock; stir;
Bring all to a boil over medium high heat, then cover the pot, reduce to minimum heat and simmer for AT LEAST 2 hours, stirring occasionally until the desired thickness. Add boiling stock if needed (a bit a time).
Just before taking away from fire, add optional cream and stir (I suggest not to add cream now).
Your ragù is ready.
Tips on serving: pour desired amount of (unfrozen) ragù in a large skillet, add optional cream and bring it slowly to a light boil over low heat. Drain pasta (keep some cooking water) and pour it into the skillet. Raise to high heat, add some cooking water (not too much, its only goal is to keep pasta moist) and mix pasta and ragù for a while, until the desired thickness. This is the BEST WAY to thicken your pasta al ragù, a real italian chef trick. Serve and top with grated parmigiano cheese. Enjoy a sublime experience ;-)

Submitter: 
ivan zeta
Description: 
This is the Ragù alla Bolognese OFFICIAL recipe, it was registered in 1982 by the Italian Cuisine Acedemy and it's treasured by the Chamber of Commerce of Bologna.
The main ingredient of this recipe is TIME, so if you are in a hurry do something else.
Ragù can be frozen in small zip lock bags, so when you want a REAL italian pasta dish all you have to do is take the bag and microwave it.
This recipe comes right from northern Italy, where I live. Buon appetito!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
25
Nutritional Facts:
NA
