URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62770843/bow-ties-with-chicken-red-peppers-artichoke/
Title:
Bow Ties with Chicken, Red Peppers & Artichoke Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
12 ounces whole-wheat bow-tie pasta
2 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted (see Tip)
1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, divided
12 ounces boneless, skinless chicken breasts, trimmed and thinly sliced
Salt & freshly ground pepper to taste
2 small red bell peppers, thinly sliced
2 shallots, minced
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth
1/4 cup balsamic vinegar
2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary or 1 teaspoon dried
1 9-ounce package frozen artichoke hearts, thawed, or 1 14-ounce can, rinsed

Directions:
1. Cook pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water until just tender, 8 to 10 minutes or according to package directions. Drain and rinse under cold water until cooled. Set aside.
2. Heat 2 teaspoons oil in a wok or large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken and sauté until no longer pink inside, 2 to 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.
3. Add the remaining 1 teaspoon oil to the pan. Add peppers, shallots and garlic, and sauté until the peppers are tender-crisp, 2 to 3 minutes. Add to the reserved chicken.
4. Add broth, vinegar and rosemary to the pan and bring to a boil. Add artichokes and the reserved pasta and cook until heated through, 2 to 3 minutes. Return the reserved chicken mixture to the pan and toss with the pasta. Taste and adjust seasoning and sprinkle with pine nuts. Serve warm.
Tip: To toast pine nuts: Place in a small dry skillet and cook over medium-low heat, stirring constantly, until fragrant and lightly browned, 2 to 4 minutes.

Submitter: 
Rachael Barney Smith
Description: 
Simple ingredients like chicken, bell pepper and artichokes result in a sophisticated warm pasta salad. Serve with Fast Olive-Rosemary Bread.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
25 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
