URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62777838/spaghetti-alla-carbonara-the-traditional-italian-recipe/
Title:
Spaghetti alla Carbonara: the traditional italian recipe Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/646523.jpg
Ingredients:
2 teaspoons olive oil;
1 pound guanciale or unsmoked bacon, diced;
1 (16 ounce) package spaghetti or bucatini (use real italian pasta);
3 whole eggs;
10 tablespoons of grated pecorino romano cheese or parmigiano;
salt
ground black pepper to taste, or even a bit more ;-)

Directions:
Heat olive oil in a heavy pan over medium heat. Cook guanciale (or bacon) until evenly browned and crispy. Remove from heat.
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Do not add oil to water, if you use the right amount of water pasta won't stick. Add pasta and cook until al dente.
While paste is cooking, in a bowl whisk togheter eggs, half the cheese and half the black pepper, stir until you get a cream.
Drain pasta then return it to the pot, keep away from fire ad stir for a while just to cool it down a bit, or eggs cream will cook and you'll get some kind of omelette on your pasta.
Pour the drained guanciale (or bacon) over the pasta and stir.
Now the tip: ask somebody to hold the pot and stir quickly pasta while pouring the eggs mixture over it. Keep stirring for a while, until pasta cools down a bit.
Top with cheese, ground black pepper and serve.

Submitter: 
ivan zeta
Description: 
This dish was created in the Lazio region (the country surrounding Rome) in the middle of the 20th century, after Word War 2nd.
We won't use cream, garlic, onions or other strange ingredients, we will use only guanciale (or unsmoked bacon), eggs, pecorino cheese and LOTS of black pepper (carbonaro is the italian for coal worker). This isn't the italian-american version, it's the real, creamy Carbonara and it comes right from Italy, where I live.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
