URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62779944/chicken-piccata/
Title:
Chicken piccata Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 boneless chicken brests (all consistent in weight)
2 tsp kosher salt
1 tblsp. vegetable oil
2 tblsp unsalted butter, melted
1 tblsp unbleached flour
1 tsp. cornstarch
1/2 tsp ground black pepper
Piccata Sauce:
3 tblsp. minced shallots
1 tsp. unbleached flour
1 c. low-sodium chicken stock
1 tblsp. juice from l lemon and zest
2 tblsp. capers
1 tblsp. unsalted butter, chilled
Salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Adjust oven rack to lower-middle position and heat oven to 275 degrees.  Using a fork, poke the thickest part of each breast, evenly sprinkle kosher salt on each.  Place chicken, skinned side down, in 13 by 9 in. baking dish and cover tightly with foil. Bake until thickest part of breast registers 145 degrees on thermoter, 30 - 40 minutes.  Remove chicken from oven and transfer skinned side up, to paper towel-lined plate and pat dry.  Heat oil in 12 inch skillet over medium-high heat until smoking.  While panis heating, whisk butter, flour, cornstarch and pepper together in small bowl.  Lightly brush top side of chicken with half of the butter mixture and dip chicken in flour mixture.  Place skillet, coated side down and cook until browned 3 -4 minutes.  Transfer to large plate and let rest while preparing pan sauce.  For sauce add shallot to now empty skillet and cook over medium heat until softened about 2 minutes.  Add flour and cook, stirring constantly about 30 seconds.  Add broth, increase heat to med. high, and bring to simmer, scraping pan bottom to loosend browned bits.  Simmer rapidly until reduced to 3/4 c. about 3 -5 minutes.  Stir in any accumulated chicken juices, capers, return to simmer and cook 30 seconds.  Off heat, whisk in lemon juice, zest and butter, season with salt and pepper.  Spoon over chicken and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Keep it Tasty
Description: 
Bright lemony and caper sauce over perfectly cooked chicken breasts
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
