URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62770110/spaghetti-squash-mexicana-with-tropical-avocado-salsa-fresca/
Title:
Spaghetti Squash Mexicana with Tropical Avocado Salsa Fresca Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/642645.jpg
Ingredients:
1 spaghetti squash (3 lb range)
Tropical salsa fresca:
1 cup chopped tomato (1/2 inch chunks)
1 cup chopped pineapple, mango, or papaya (1/2 inch chunks)
1 avocado, peeled, pitted, and cut into 1/2 inch chunks
1/4 cup lightly packed chopped fresh cilantro
Juice of 1 lime (or to taste)
Bean Mixture:
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 medium size yellow onion, cut into small dice
2 jalapenos, seeded and chopped small
3 cloves of garlic, minced
2 teaspoon coriander seeds, crushed (I use ground coriander)
1 1/2 teaspoon chile powder
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup red cooking wine (sometimes I have used Red Wine Vinegar)
1 cup fresh or frozen corn
1-15 oz. can black beans, drained and rinsed (1 1/2 cups)
2 tsp hot sauce (optional)

Directions:
First, Bake the squash. Preheat oven to 375. Cut squash in half. Scoop out seeds. Place face down on baking sheet. Bake for 45 minutes. Flip it over to face up and cook until it is easily to pierce with fork. If it is done you can turn off the oven but leave it in to keep it warm.
Prepare salsa by mixing all the ingredients in small bowl. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.   It’s a good idea to at least have this in the refrigerator for at least half an hour.
Prepare bean mixture by heating a large, heavy bottom skillet over medium-high heat and saute onions and jalapenos in oil for about 5 minutes. Add garlic and coriander and saute for 2 more minutes. Add remaining spices, salt, wine and raise the heat to a boil for 2 minutes, stirring often.
Lower heat and add the corn, black beans and hot sauce. Cook for 5 to 7 minutes, until the corn is heated through and the wine has reduced.
If the squash is not done by this point, cover the bean mixture. The bean mixture should be hot when served. When the squash is ready and cool enough to handle, shred and scoop out the flesh with a spoon, add to the bean mixture and toss with tongs to separate the strings and mix.
Divide among individual plates and top with salsa fresca. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Momi
Description: 
From Veganomicon.   Baked spaghetti squash tossed with mildly spicy black beans and corn, topped off with a fruity salsa fresca. If you make the roasted squash a day in advance, you can have this dish on the table in under half an hour (or, you could microwave it).
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
