URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62779939/beef-stroganoff/
Title:
Beef Stroganoff Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/4 lbs sirloin steak tips, trimmed
2 tsp. soy sauce
1 lb crimini mushrooms, brushed clean and quartered
2 tsp. hot water
1 tblsp. dry mustard
1 tsp. sugar
Ground black pepper
1 tblsp. vegetable oil
1 med. onion, chopped fine
Kosher salt to taste
2 tsp. tomato paste
4 tsp. unbleached flour
1/2 cup + 1 tblsp. white wine
1 1/2 c. beef broth
1/2 c sour cream
1 tblsp chopped fresh parsley

Directions:
Using fork, poke each piece of steak 10 to 12 times.  Place in glass dish, rub both sides with soy sauce. Cover and refrigerate up to 1 hour. Slowly brown mushrooms about 10 minutes drain liquid. Set aside. Combine water, dry mustard, sugar and 1/2 tsp. pepper in small bowl and smooth paste forms, set aside.  Pat steak pieces dry with paper towels and season with pepper. Heat oil in 12 inch skillet over medium-high heat until just smoking.  Place steak pieces in skillet and cook until browned on all sides 6 - 9 minutes. Transfer meat to large plate and set aside while cooking sauce.  Add mushrooms, onion, and 1/4 tsp. salt and cook until vegetables begin to brown and dark bits form on bottom of pan, 6 - 8 minutes. Add tomato paste and flour and cook, stirring constantly, until onions and mushrooms are coated, about 1 minute.  Stir in 1/3 cup wine, beef broth, and mustard paste and bring to simmer scraping bottom of pan with wooden spoon to loosen brown bits.  Reduce heat to medium and cook until sauce has reduced slightly and begun to thicken 4 - 6 minutes.  While sauce is reducing, cut steak pieces across grain into 1/4 - inch slices. Stir meat and accumulated juices into thickened sauce and cook until beef has warmed through 1 - 2 minutes. Remove pan from heat and let bubbles subside.  Stir in sour cream and remaining tblsp of wine, season with salt & pepper. Sprinkle with parsley and serve over egg noodles.

Submitter: 
Keep it Tasty
Description: 
Flavorful and tender beef tips in a mushroom sauce
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 1/4 hrs
Ready in:
2 hrs
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
