URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62780597/lemon-pepper-pork-chopsbakedand-served-with-apples/
Title:
Lemon Pepper Pork Chops~Baked~and served  with Apples Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Enough bone-in or no-bone pork chops needed for your dinner.
Onion and garlic powder
Lemon Pepper seasoning
Box of Kellogg's crushed corn flake breading
1 apple for each person dinning plus one or two extra
1 tsp ground cinnamon
3/4 to 1 tsp ground allspice
1 tsp vanilla
Apple juice or water
2/3 cup brown sugar (an equal amount of no-sugar brown sugar can be used, if so, thicken the apple topping with a small amount of cornstarch/water mixture)

Directions:
Wash pork chops and spread out on flat surface.
Sprinkle each pork chop with onion and garlic powder, to taste.
Sprinkle each with about 1/4 tsp. lemon pepper seasoning,
Pour a cup of Kellogg's crushed corn flake crumbs in a flat plate.
Lay one pork chop, seasoning side down on top of crushed corn flakes.
Without turning, season second side of pork chop the same way.
Cover the pork chop with more corn flake crumbs and gently mash the pork chop to make sure the entire pork chop is covered with the crumbs.
Gently pick up pork chop allowing extra crumbs to fall off.
Place a small rack over baking sheet and place pork chop on a baking pan with very low sides, ie. a cookie sheet with 1/2 inch high sides. Pork chops should be raised a half inch or so up off the baking sheet.
Bake pork chops *400 until done and juices run clear. You do not need to turn the pork chops during baking.
While pork chops are cooking, peel, core, and cut into wedges an apple for each person dinning and 1 or 2 extra.
Place apples in a large pan and cover with apple juice or water to a depth of about 2 inches above the top of the apples.
Add cinnamon, allspice, brown sugar and vanilla.
Cook until apples are fork tender and juice is slightly thickened.
**If you are using no-sugar brown sugar, now mix the cornstarch with a little water and pour into gently boiling apples and stir gently until sauce thickens.
**Plating Pork Chops**
Place pork chop in the center of the plate.
Start on one side of pork chop and place apple slices and sauce up, across and down the other side of the pork chop almost from one side of the plate to the other.
Plate a pork chop for each one dinning.
Serve rest of pork chops on platter with the extra sauce in dish for those who would like more.

Submitter: 
Kitten
Description: 
A Pork Chop flavored with Lemon Pepper and coated with a crunchy breading then baked. Topped with cinnamon/allspiced apple slices. How can Pork and apples not be wonderful together?!?
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
