URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62788686/german-style-ravioli-kase-knephla/
Title:
German Style Ravioli (Kase Knephla) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/659355.jpg
Ingredients:
Dough:
2-1/2 cups flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 egg
1 teaspoon oil
1 cup water
Filling:
1 (16 oz.) container cottage cheese
1 egg
2 green onions to taste, chopped
1/4 cup instant potato flakes,optional
Salt and pepper to taste
Frying:
3-4 Tablespoon butter
1/2 cup diced red onions

Directions:
Combine flour, baking powder and salt. Then place egg and oil in measuring cup, and add water to fill a cup. Mix with dry ingredients. Add additional water if your dough is too dry or a little flour if it is too wet. Knead dough on a floured surface, turning the sides over into the middle. Then, let the dough rest on the counter under an overturned bowl about 1/2-1 hour.
In a medium size bowl, add cottage cheese, egg, green onion, potato flakes, salt and pepper, and blend together.
Roll dough about 1/8 or 1/4-inch thick, and cut into 4-inch squares. Place a spoonful of filling on each square, then fold dough over and pinch sides together securely to make the "buttons"  or crimp the edges with the tines of a fork.
Put racioli's into a large pot of a boiling salt water and cook for no more than 10 minutes.  Boil and handle gently, or they may come apart. Remove from the water with a slotted spoon and lay them on a large serving pan while waiting for the rest of the second batch (if any batches).
In a large frying pan, medium-high heat, melt butter then add the knephla's for 1-2 minutes or until golden, carefully flip over, then throw in the onions until knephla's is slightly crispy. You can fry by batches if you know they are going to be crowded; just adjust the butter and onions.

Submitter: 
moaa
Description: 
A German style ravioli also known as Cheese Buttons. My husband's grandmother (from his mom's side) used to make these meatless dish for the family. Knephla's also can be served in soup, either with a broth or creamy base.  I've also used wonton wrappers, either round or squares, with success and less prepping but just more delicate.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
50
Ready in:
70
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
