URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62783014/fast-and-easy-cuban-rice-pudding-arroz-con-leche/
Title:
Fast and Easy Cuban Rice Pudding, Arroz con Leche Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/3 cup of white long grain rice
2 2/3 cups of water
Cinnamon stick*
Whole Vanilla bean*
An inch piece of lime peel, no white part only green*
Pinch of salt
Can of Condensed milk, 14 ounces
Can of Evaporated milk, 12 ounces
Cinnamon for dusting

Directions:
RICE COOKER- In your rice cooker, follow manufacturer's directions for 2 servings of rice/water ratio and add cinnamon stick, vanilla bean and lime peel.  Push cook.
NO RICE COOKER- Place the above measurements of rice and water into a sauce pan with a tight fitting lid.  Make sure it is large enough to hold roughly half gallon of liquid. Add cinnamon stick, vanilla bean and lime peel.  Bring to a rolling boil and then turn down the heat to simmer.  Place tight fitting lid and cook for 20 minutes.
RICE COOKER- When done, fish out cinnamon stick, vanilla bean and lime.  Add both cans of milks and stir through.  Make a lengthwise slit in vanilla bean and use side of knife to scrape out all the insides and put it in the pot.  Stir through.  (You can rinse the vanilla pod and place it in your sugar for yummy vanilla sugar)  Press cook once more, it will cook for another 5-10 minutes.
NO RICE COOKER- When done, take out the cinnamon stick, vanilla bean and lime peel.  Add both cans of milks and stir through.  Make a lengthwise slit in vanilla bean and use side of knife to scrape out all the insides and put it in the pan.  Turn heat on low, cover and cook for 10 minutes stirring occasionally.
BOTH- When the rice pudding is done, it should show liquid on top.  This is normal.  Scoop out rice pudding into a refrigerator safe container, sprinkle cinnamon powder along the surface.  Cover well and place into refrigerator and let cool for minimum 8 hours, best overnight.  Serve.

Submitter: 
omgheather
Description: 
This is a cold creamy rice pudding that is a staple in many Cuban households.  It is very easily all done in your rice cooker, another item also usually found in all Cuban kitchens.  If not, it is a one pot dish cooked on your stovetop.  No baking needed.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
8 h to overnight
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
