URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62787875/ulis-apple-red-cabbage/
Title:
Uli’s Apple Red Cabbage Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 Kg, Red cabbage, small strips 3-5 mm
100 grams, Diced bacon,
50 grams, Lard or butter, can be salted or unsalted
100 grams Diced onions
1 large, Peeled and cleaned crisp apple quarters sliced in slices
3 Bay-leaves
4 Whole cloves
500 ml, Chicken broth, depends on desired moisture
Apple Cider Vinegar up to taste, you always can ad more
100 ml, Red Wine, or up to taste
Sugar, salt, pepper, nutmeg, cinnamon, UP TO TASTE! 50 grams potato starch, to thicken the left over juices in the dish, after it all has cooked together.

Directions:
FIRST DAY:
Melt the lard in a big soup pot, roast the bacon until nicly crispy. Add the onions.
Fry them for a while, throw in the apples and fill up with chicken broth, red wine, vinegar, add bay-leaves and cloves, boil up for one time add the red cabbage. Season with salt, pepper, nutmeg, be careful with the sugar and very careful with the cinnamon. Check the taste. After the cabbage is done and the Apples have cooked in, take off of the fire and let it cool down to room temperature. Move to the refrigerator.
Now is the time to take a good zip of that Bier, if you know where it is!
Yes, we found it!
SECOND DAY:
Be careful while heating up, check the taste and season again if necessary.
Mix the potato starch with a little water and mix into the cabbage, to thicken it and give it a shiny appearance.
Put on the plate or bowl and serve Hot!
Guten Appetit!
Hint: Don’t forget to take notes and, it’s always easier to add an ingredient than it is to take it out!

Submitter: 
Uli Lengenberg
Description: 
That's what I remember most of my Oma, that she was a Master Housewife. She taught home economics and she could cook. When she cooked THAT Apple Red Cabbage my brother and I would eat it cold, hot, with or without potatoes or sausage or Sauerbraten. And she made her own Quark, I didn't care for it, but my brother did. I always wonder whether Mila likes Quark?
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
n/a
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
