URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62781385/za-jiang-mein---chinese-noodles-with-pork-and-bean-sauce/
Title:
Za Jiang Mein - Chinese Noodles With Pork And Bean Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/647980.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 cup vegetable oil
2 scallions
1 knuckle of ginger (approx 1 inch long)
3 cloves of garlic
1 pound ground pork
1 cup sweet bean sauce or hoisin sauce
5 tablespoons ground bean sauce
3/4 cup beer (stout or red ale recommended)
1 1/2 tablespoons sugar
1 pound of Chinese noodles, fresh if possible
1 cucumber
2 carrots
1 head bok choy
2 cups blanched mung bean sprouts

Directions:
Heat the oil in a very large pan or wok on medium high, then add the chopped scallions and cook 1-2 minutes.  Add the finely minced garlic and ginger and cook 1-2 minutes longer, being careful not to burn the garlic.
Add the pork and cook until lightly browned, breaking up as much as possible.
Add the bean sauces, beer and sugar and mix thoroughly.  Reduce the heat to medium and cook for approx 5 minutes, or until the sauce is reduced and slightly thickened.
Remove the bottom inch of the bok choy, along with the top few inches of the leaves and discard.  Slice the remaining into 1/4 to 1/2 inch pieces, then add to the sauce and stir to incorporate.  Reduce heat to medium low and cook for another five minutes.
While the sauce is cooking, bring 3-4 quarts of water to a rolling boil and cook the Chinese noodles according to their instructions
Serve the sauce over the noodles and top with julienned cucumber and carrot and the blanched bean sprouts.

Submitter: 
Coffeedragon
Description: 
I've adapted this recipe from one found on another website.  The meat sauce is sweet, salty and savory with tender pork and fresh, crunchy vegetables.  If at all possible, use fresh noodles instead of dried it makes a huge difference.  If you like a spicier dish, try making a batch of my Vietnamese Sate Chile Sauce and adding a few tablespoons at the very end of the cooking.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
