URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62789702/veggie-fajitas-with-cilantro-lime-sauce/
Title:
Veggie Fajitas with Cilantro Lime Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the cilantro sauce:
1 bunch cilantro, stems torn off and discarded
4 T olive oil
3 T white wine vinegar
2 T lime juice
1/4 t salt
1/8 t cayenne pepper
For the guacamole:
1 large avocado, cut in half and pit removed
2 t lime juice
1/4 t salt
For the fajitas:
3 T olive oil
1 medium onion, cut in half and sliced into 1/2 inch rings
1/2 lb button mushrooms, cut in half
1 green bell pepper, seeded and sliced into 1/2 inch wide strips
1 zucchini, cut into 1/2 inch thick half moons
10 cherry tomatoes, left whole
3 cloves garlic, minced
salt and pepper to taste
Extra:
flour tortillas
sour cream
shredded cheese

Directions:
For the cilantro lime sauce:  Place all ingredients in a food processor and pulse until well blended.  The cilantro will be in tiny pieces rather than pureed.  Set aside.
For the guacamole:  Scoop the avocado into a shallow bowl and top with lime juice and salt.  Mash with a fork.  It will be chunky.  Set aside.
For the fajitas:  In a large nonstick skillet, heat the olive oil over medium-high or whatever temperature on your stove is hot enough to give the veggies saute marks without burning them.  Add the onion slices and mushrooms and cook, stirring every 30 seconds or so, about 3 minutes or until onions and mushrooms have nice saute marks.
Add bell pepper and cook another 2 minutes or so, then add the zucchini and cook another 2 minutes.  When the veggies have saute marks but are not limp, add the tomatoes and minced garlic.  Only cook for a minute or so, just long enough to heat the tomatoes through and blister the outsides.  Remove from heat and season with salt and pepper to taste.
Arrange the sauted veggies, tortillas, cilantro lime sauce, guacamole, sour cream and shredded cheese so that everyone can add whatever they want to their fajitas.

Submitter: 
The Bunny Chef
Description: 
These vegetarian fajitas are amazing with the cilantro lime sauce and guacamole!  Even meat eaters should be pleased.  Resist the urge to add spices other than salt and pepper to the veggies, the cilantro lime sauce is enough to season them without overpowering the great sauted flavor.  The recipe works best with a large nonstick or well seasoned cast iron skillet.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
