URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62781534/petite-lasagna/
Title:
Petite Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/647616.jpg
Ingredients:
12 oz raw ground turkey
1/2 teaspoon salt, divided
1/2  teaspoon pepper
1 cup finely chopped onion
1/2 cup finely chopped mushrooms
2 cloves garlic, minced
14.5 oz can crushed tomatoes, or tomato sauce
1 tablespoon dried oregano, divided
1 tsp dried basil
1 1/2 cups part skim ricotta cheese
24 small square wonton wrappers

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350ºF. Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add the turkey, onions, mushrooms, salt, and pepper. Crumble the meat and saute the mixture for about 10 minutes, or until the turkey is cooked through. Add the garlic and stir constantly for 30 seconds.
Add the crushed tomatoes and 2 tsp of oregano. Bring the pan to a gentle boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 10 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside.
In a large bowl, combine the ricotta, a pinch of salt and pepper, the remaining teaspoon of oregano, and the basil. Stir to mix well. Set aside.
Coat a 12-cup muffin tin with nonstick cooking spray. Place 1 wonton wrapper into each of the 12 cups, pressing firmly in the bottom of the cup and up the sides.
Using half of the ricotta mixture, divide it among the 12 muffin cups. Next, using half of the turkey tomato sauce, spoon it evenly over each of the ricotta filled cups. Sprinkle with 2 tsp of mozzarella.
Gently press another wonton wrapper on top of the mozzarella layer.
Repeat the process by distributing the remaining ricotta, then the remaining tomato sauce, and finally the rest of the shredded mozzarella.
Bake for 10 minutes, or until the cheese has melted.
Let the cups cool, remove them from the pan, and serve!

Submitter: 
Cayce Lynne
Description: 
Love this recipe from Can You Stay For Dinner.  It's a new twist on an old classic.  Individual lasagnas that are fun and much more appealing visually.  I tried it out for a family get-together and they were a hit.  And the leftovers (if there are any) are much easier to handle than transferring from a large pan!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
