URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62783776/creole-spiced-salmon/
Title:
Creole Spiced Salmon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons smoked paprika
2 tablespoons garlic powder
2 teaspoons celery seeds
2 teaspoons dried oregano
2 teaspoons dried thyme
Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper
1 cup basmati rice
1 tablespoon butter
1½ cups water
Four 8-ounce salmon filets
¼ cup plus 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil
2 tablespoons red wine vinegar
2 cups mixed salad greens

Directions:
Make the Creole spice blend: Whisk together the paprika, garlic powder, celery seeds, oregano, thyme, 2 tablespoons of salt and 1 tablespoon of pepper and reserve. (Leftover seasoning will keep for up to 6 months.)
Make the rice: Melt the butter in a medium saucepot over medium heat. Stir in the rice and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the water and 1 teaspoon of salt and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover and simmer for 18 minutes or until the water is absorbed.
While the rice is cooking, preheat the oven to 425°. Lightly coat the salmon and a baking sheet with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil. Place the salmon, skin side down, on the oiled baking sheet and sprinkle the fish with 2 tablespoons of the Creole spice blend. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes, until the salmon is medium rare and flakes easily.
While the salmon bakes, in a medium bowl whisk the ¼ cup olive oil with the vinegar and season with salt and pepper. Add the salad greens and toss gently.
Fluff the rice with a fork and divide it among the 4 plates. Top each with a salmon filet and a handful of greens. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
meghanmacrae
Description: 
In an attempt to create a full-flavored yet stress-free weeknight meal for his family, James Boyce, the chef-owner of Alabama's new Commerce Kitchen, created this dish with his toaster oven in mind. Although the recipe now calls for a conventional oven, Boyce continues to coat the salmon in a smoky, herby rub and serves it alongside buttery rice and a bright salad as contrasts to the salmon's concentrated flavors. Whether it's made in a toaster or conventional oven, this dish is a treasure for a busy cook.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
