URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62799739/rellenos-de-papa-stuffed-potato-balls/
Title:
Rellenos de Papa (Stuffed Potato Balls) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
5 lb. bag of russet potatoes
4 tbsp. butter or margarine, melted
2 eggs
1/3 cup cornstarch
2 tsp. salt
Pepper to taste
Ground meat filling, such as 'picadillo' (in my recipes)
Oil for deep frying

Directions:
Wash the potatoes and place in a large pot. Cover with water, add salt to taste and boil until tender. Drain and let cool slightly.
Once you can handle them, peel the potatoes and put them through a potato ricer or mash with a masher (in a large bowl).
Break the eggs into a small bowl. Add the 2 tsp salt, the pepper and the cooled melted butter and mix well.
Add the egg mixture to the potatoes and mix. The best way to do this is with your clean hands.
Add the cornstarch and mix well. It should feel like very dense mashed potatoes.
Heat up the oil in a frying pan as if you were making French fries.
When the oil is ready, make a test ball: grab enough potato mix to make a ping-pong size ball and roll it in your hands. Drop it in the oil and fry until golden brown. If it doesn't hold its shape, add 2 more tbsp cornstarch to the dough and try again. This is also the time to taste it and mix in more salt if needed it.
Assemble the balls: Grab enough mix to make a 2.5" ball (Like a large meatball). Make an deep indentation in the center with your fingers. Fill the cavity with meat filling. Bring the mix around the meat to completely cover it and roll into a nice ball. Continue until all the mix is gone. Making 2.5" balls you should get about 35-40.
Fry the balls until golden brown, drain over paper towels and keep warm until serving.
You may also freeze them to fry later.

Submitter: 
Milly Suazo-Martinez
Description: 
These are a crowd favorite in Puerto Rico, where you can buy them at road stands or festival booths (or make them yourself of course).
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
