URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62790742/gluten-free-red-velvet-cake/
Title:
Gluten-Free Red Velvet Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3/4 c butter
3/4 c avocado puree (appx. 1 avocado)
1 1/2 c applesauce
2 c gluten-free all-purpose flour blend (ex: Bob's Mill brand)
1/2 tsp cornstarch or xanthan gum
1/2 c cocoa powder
1/2 tsp gluten-free baking powder (ex: Calumet, Clabbergirl, Rumford, Davis brands are labeled gluten-free)
5 eggs, whites and yolks separated
1 tsp cream of tartar
3 c white sugar
1 tbsp white vinegar
1 c buttermilk
1 tsp vanilla
Red food coloring (as desired)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 300F.  Grease and flour a 10-inch springform pan. (Don't use wheat flour!)
Melt or soften the butter.  Place butter, avocado puree (or one avocado peeled with the pit removed), and applesauce into a large blender or food processor.  Add sugar, vinegar, buttermilk, vanilla.  Blend well, set aside.
Mix into a bowl: gluten-free flour, cornstarch, cocoa powder, gluten-free baking powder.  Sift at least once, more if it still seems a little heavy.  Set aside.
Drop egg yolks into the blender with the butter mixture, blend.  Place egg whites into a bowl with cream of tartar.  Beat with a mixer until foamy and peaks form.
Pour blender contents into a bowl large enough to hold all ingredients.  Fold in egg mixture, then flour mixture.  Add food coloring if desired (I saw no reason to add it to mine).
Pour batter into springform pan.  Bake at 300F for 1 1/2 hours or until the center solidifies and a toothpick inserted in the cake comes out clean.
Allow to cool.  Because there is no gluten, the cake will sink a little while cooling.  Don't worry, it should still have a cake-like texture.  When cool, remove from springform pan and frost with your favorite buttercream or cream cheese frosting.  Make sure the frosting recipe you use does not contain wheat flour.

Submitter: 
evenstareleni
Description: 
Made for a friend with Celiac's Disease, I managed to get this cake to be light and fluffy, not the dense brick that most GF cakes become.  This recipe is adapted from a Red Velvet Cake recipe but there were so many changes that it is pretty much my own creation now.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
