URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62793653/make-ahead-spicy-dr-pepper-shredded-pork/
Title:
Make-Ahead Spicy Dr. Pepper Shredded Pork Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 whole Large Onion, cut into wedges
1 whole Pork Shoulder ("pork Butt") - 5 To 7 Pounds
Salt And Freshly Ground Black Pepper
1 can (11 Ounce) Chipotle Peppers In Adobo Sauce (include the sauce)
2 cans Dr. Pepper
2 Tablespoons Brown Sugar

Directions:
Combine all of the ingredients, except for the Dr. Pepper, with your raw pork shoulder/pork butt and freeze in large freezer bags (double bagged). Thaw in the refridgerator overnight or (larger roasts may take up to 2 days to thaw).
Day of Cooking:
Preheat oven to 300 degrees.
Pour everything into the dutch oven or slow cooker, trying to put onion wedges on the bottom of the pan.
Generously salt and pepper the pork roast, then set it on top of the onions in the pan.
Pour in both cans of Dr Pepper.
Place lid tightly on pot, then set pot in the oven. Cook for at least six hours, turning roast two or three times during the cooking process.
Check meat after six hours; it should be absolutely falling apart (use two forks to test.) If it’s not falling apart, return to the oven for another hour.
Remove meat from pot and place on a cutting board or other work surface. Use two forks to shred meat, discarding large pieces of fat. Strain as much of the fat off the top of the cooking liquid as you can and discard it. Return the shredded meat to the cooking liquid, and keep warm until ready to serve.
(You can also refrigerate the meat and liquid separately, then remove hardened fat once it’s cold.
Then heat up the liquid on the stovetop and return the meat to the liquid to warm up.
Serve on warm flour tortillas. Top with shredded lettuce, diced tomatoes, grated cheese, avocado slices, salsa, and whatever else you’d like.

Submitter: 
Make-Ahead Mamas
Description: 
Claudia's friend's delicious shredded pork recipe, adapted for a Make-Ahead Cooking Party!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
8 h
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
