URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62797519/authentic-egyptian-kouchere/
Title:
Authentic Egyptian Kouchere Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/654723.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup Brown Lentils, rinsed
1 cups Rice, rinsed (any rice)
1/2 cup Elbow Pasta
1/2 cup Ditalini Pasta
1/4 box Angel Hair pasta
4-6 Garlic cloves
4 large Onions
1 cup Olive oil, approx.
15 oz. Tomatoes, diced (or Tomato sauce)
3 Limes, juiced
1/2 tsp. Sugar (optional, 'counters' acidity of tomato)
4 Tbsp. Cumin, ground
1/4 tsp. Yellow Mustard, ground
2 tsp. Vinegar (Apple Cider or Red Wine are good)
Dash of chili pepper flakes (optional, if you want it spicy)
Pepper & Sea salt, to taste
Almonds, slivered or ground (optional)
Parmesan Cheese, shredded or grated (optional)

Directions:
In a med. saucepan, add 1 1/2 cups of water, 1 Tbsp. cumin, and 2 sliced garlic cloves. Bring to boil, then add lentils. Boil for 3 minutes, then lower heat to a gentle simmer and cover. Cook until ready (approx. 40 mins).
In a 2nd medium saucepan add 2 cups water, 1 Tbsp. cumin, and dash of salt. Bring to boil, add rice. Boil for 3 minutes. Lower heat to gentle simmer, cover, and cook until ready (approx. 40 mins). When rice and lentils are done, combine and set aside.
Sauce: Sauté 2-3 sliced garlic cloves and 1 minced onion. Place in medium saucepan and add tomato sauce, lime juice, 1 Tbsp. cumin, mustard, vinegar, salt, pepper, and optional sugar and chili pepper flakes. Add more cumin if you like - this "makes" the Egyptian flavor. Simmer low while finishing preparation.
In medium saucepan, cook pasta together. Look at the cooking times of each, and add each kind in consecutively so none overcook. Strain and mix in a little olive oil to keep them from sticking.
For onion garnish: Slice 3 onions into long, fine crescent shapes. Fry in a large frying pan for a few minutes to dehydrate the onions. Add about 3 Tbsp. olive oil and caramelize until dark brown and somewhat crispy on medium heat, approx. 10-15 mins. When the onions are ready, place them on a paper towel to soak up any remaining oil. Set aside.
To serve, add the pasta and rice/lentil on a plate. Add a small amount of sauce - just enough and no more to keep it traditional. Add the onion garnish, then the optional parmesan and almonds.
Enjoy!

Submitter: 
RebeccaLee
Description: 
Kouchere, sometimes spelled kushari, kusheri, koshari, or koshary, is a national Egyptian dish which typically contains a base of rice, brown lentils, and one-to-three kinds of pasta (ditalini, elbow, and angel hair). Sometimes chickpeas are included, but I don't use them because my children won't eat them. The grains are topped lightly with a simple, homemade tomato sauce, and then garnished with caramelized, crispy onions, and slivered almonds and/or parmesan cheese.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h, 20 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
