URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62798251/mushroom-moong-dal-dosas/
Title:
Mushroom Moong Dal Dosas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/655086.jpg
Ingredients:
Dosas:
1 cup washed moong dal (split husked mung beans)
1 tsp chili powder
1 tsp minced ginger
1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds (jeera)
1/2 teaspoon salt
Filling:
1 onion, chopped
3 celery stalks, finely chopped
2 tbsp minced garlic
2 tsp minced ginger
1 pound package (or 2 cups) cremini mushrooms, sliced
1 cup frozen peas
1 yellow, red or orange bell pepper, chopped
1 package frozen chopped spinach, thawed
1 cup salsa
1 cup cottage cheese
1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro
2 tbsp lemon juice
1 tbsp coriander
1 tsp cinnamon
2 tsp chili powder
2 tbsp garam masala
1 tsp cumin seeds
1 tsp fennel seeds
1 tsp sea salt
1 tsp seasoning salt

Directions:
Soak dal in 4 cups of water for at least four hours.
Drain the water. Blend dal, chili powder and ginger together and make a smooth batter. While blending, add two to three tablespoons of water. Note: The batter blends smoother with less water.
Mix the salt and cumin seeds in the batter. Add water as needed. The total water added will be about a half cup. Batter consistency should be like pancake batter. Set aside to make filling.
For filling, saute onions and celery in garlic and ginger with a tablespoon of water until soft. Add mushrooms, cook until reduced in size. Add frozen peas, peppers and spinach. Stir in lemon juice, spices, cilantro and salsa. Add cottage cheese and allow to simmer while making the dosas.
Use a non-stick flat skillet and place the heat on medium-high. You can check if the skillet is ready by putting a few drops of water on it. If the water sizzles right away, the skillet is ready.
Next pour about 1/2 cup of batter over center of the skillet and spread evenly with the back of a spoon. Starting from the center, spiral outwards until it is evenly spread, about 7inches in diameter.
Let dosa cook until drying on top, at least one minute.
Let the other side of the dosa cook for about one minute, or until golden-brown in color.
Spoon 3/4 filling down center of dosa, fold one side up and flip over onto other side so both sides are tucked under. Serve hot with cilantro chutney.

Submitter: 
Felicity
Description: 
My twist on Indian dosas. The dosas are made from moong dal and does not need to be fermented. The filling is not spicy and not heavy on the indian spices as I was trying to create an Indian-style recipe to please my dad. He hates curry dishes, but he approved! It is very filling and flavorful. It is a bit time consuming, but worth the effort!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
