URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62795956/greek-stuffed-chicken-breasts-with-lemon-orzo/
Title:
Greek Stuffed Chicken Breasts with Lemon Orzo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Nonstick cooking spray
5  ounces  baby spinach
2    garlic cloves, minced
Pinch ground nutmeg
4    boneless chicken breast halves, about 1 1/4 pounds
3/4  cup  crumbled feta
1/4  teaspoon  dried dill (or 1 teaspoon fresh)
2  tablespoons  olive oil
1  cup  orzo
1  teaspoon  lemon zest
1/4  cup  grated Parmesan
1/4  cup  fresh parsley, chopped

Directions:
1. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat a baking sheet with cooking spray.
2. Warm a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the spinach and cook, tossing, 3 minutes or until bright green and wilted. Add the garlic and nutmeg and cook, tossing, 2 minutes. Transfer to a bowl; remove skillet from heat and wipe with a paper towel.
3. Butterfly each chicken breast and open as you would a book; pound to an even 1/4-inch thickness.
4. Squeeze some of the liquid from spinach and toss with the feta and dill. Place a quarter of the mixture along the center of each breast; roll and secure with toothpicks.
5. In the skillet, heat 1 tablespoon of the oil over medium-high heat. Add stuffed chicken and cook 4 to 5 minutes or until the bottoms are golden. Turn and cook another 5 minutes.
Transfer chicken to the prepared baking sheet; bake in the center of oven 15 minutes or until cooked through.
6. Bring a pot of lightly salted water to a boil; add the orzo and cook according to package directions. Drain and toss with remaining oil and the lemon zest and lemon juice, Parmesan and parsley. Serve with chicken.

Submitter: 
SnowWhite
Description: 
fitnessmagazine.com
•Servings Per Recipe 4 servings
•Calories482
•Total Fat (g)17
•Saturated Fat (g)6.6
•Carbohydrate (g)35
•Fiber (g)2
•Protein (g)45
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
