URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62806739/bbq-cowboy-chicken/
Title:
BBQ Cowboy Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/659051.jpg
Ingredients:
-1 pound of skinless, boneless chicken breasts cut into 4 ounce servings
-8 slices of turkey bacon
-12 tbsp of some kind of BBQ Marinade (I like mine a little spicy that sets in quickly, so I use Lawry's Szechaun Sweet and Sour BBQ 30 minute Marinade- you only need half a bottle for 4 servings, but I usually double the recipe for leftovers)
-3/4 cup 2% shredded cheese, divided into four parts
-8 tbsp Kraft Light BBQ sauce
--optional with out adding much for calories but really adding flavor:
-1 tbsp fresh minced garlic
-1 cup chopped onions
-1 cup diced tomatoes
-black pepper to taste
You will also need toothpicks (pre-soaking these in water for a few minutes before using will help them from charring in the oven).

Directions:
If needed, cut the chicken breasts into 4 ounce servings. Place in bag with the marinate. If breasts were in fridge or freezer leave the bag at room temperature while it marinades for roughly 30 minutes as they meat will cook better when slightly closer to room temperature right before baking.
While chicken in marinating you can prep the turkey bacon. You will NOT want to cook it until crispy, it needs to stay pliable so keep it "chewy". I like to add some flavor to my turkey bacon so I put in tablespoon of fresh minced garlic, 1 cup of chopped onions and sprinkle black pepper onto it while it cooks. Once bacon is cooked set aside. (If using chopped onions, set aside to use as topping later)
Pre-heat oven to 350 degrees.
Once marinating is complete you can start putting the dish together. Spray a large baking dish with olive oil spray (or whatever non-stick spray you have). Make "X's" with two pieces of bacon, place a small dot of BBQ sauce in the center. Take a chicken breast out of the marinade and place in center of bacon and sauce. On top of chicken sprinkle a bit of shredded cheese and put 1 tbsp of BBQ sauce on top. Cross the bacon over the top of the chicken, securing with a toothpick (or two). Repeat this process until all the chicken pieces are wrapped in turkey bacon and topped with cheese and BBQ sauce.
Bake at 350 for 25 minutes. Pull dish out and top with remaining cheese and BBQ sauce (and onions & tomatoes-if going that route), put back in oven for an additional five minutes to warm remaining ingredients.
Enjoy!!!

Submitter: 
Sarah Meedel
Description: 
This doesn't taste like Burger King's rodeo burger, but it certainly is inspired by it. I love cheese and BBQ sauce on beef, chicken and pretty much anything. But as I was trying eat healthier I had to find new ways to incorporate this. This is a great main dish for picky eaters as there aren't any veggies in it, but you can easily add some diced tomatoes, chopped onions to it to add some more nutrients and flavor. The recipe despite being lengthy is actually very simple and can be done in 45 minutes total time. I was just very detailed.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
45-60 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
