URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62801226/oscars-favorite-lemon-cream-pasta/
Title:
Oscar's Favorite Lemon Cream Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4-5 medium size boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cubed
2 Tbsp. olive or canola oil
16 oz box of Penne or Fettuccine pasta
3 cloves garlic, finely chopped
2 green onions, finely chopped
1 lemon, juice and zest
1 Tbsp. butter
2 Tbsp. flour
1 cup chicken stock or broth
2 cups frozen broccoli florets
1-1/2 cups heavy whipping cream
1 Tbsp. dried basil
Garlic salt to taste
Pepper to taste

Directions:
Heat a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil and cook pasta according to package directions, but drain slightly before al dente. (Try not to cook the pasta too early and have it sitting, waiting to be used)
Heat olive or canola oil over medium-high heat in large skillet.  Add chicken breast cubes and cook until no longer pink.
Add garlic and green onions and cook until onions are soft, a couple of minutes. Add lemon juice and allow to cook for another minute or so.
Add butter and allow to melt.
Stir in flour until butter, oil, and juices are absorbed into it.  Allow to cook for another minute (to get rid of that flour-y taste).
Stir in chicken stock or broth and bring to a boil.
Add frozen broccoli florets, dried basil, garlic salt, pepper, and lemon zest and allow to come to a boil again. Turn heat down to medium-low and allow to simmer until frozen broccoli is almost tender.
Stir in heavy whipping cream and allow to heat through.  Be sure to stir frequently and not let the cream boil.
When cream sauce is hot, add the slightly undercooked pasta and stir in to coat.  Allow to cook for a couple minutes, until pasta is al dente.  Remove from heat and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Nicki Crain
Description: 
This combination of garlic, lemon, chicken, and pasta is a nice homemade alternative to alfredo in a jar, which in my opinion can have a funny taste.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
