URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62800001/red-raspberry-velvet-cake/
Title:
Red Raspberry Velvet Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/655889.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cups sifted cake flour
2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt (optional)
1 2/3 cups granulated sugar
1/2 cup butter, softened
4 large egg whites
2 cups fat-free buttermilk
1 (1-ounce) bottle red food coloring
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Frosting:
8 ounces 1/3-less fat cream cheese
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 3/4 cups powdered sugar
Filling:
1/2 cup seedless rasperry jam

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Coat 2 (9 inch) round cake pans with cooking spray, and line bottom of pans with wax paper.
Combine flour, cocoa and next 3 ingredients and set aside.
Beat granulated sugar and butter with a mixer at medium speed for 4 minutes or until well blended.  Add egg whites to sugar mixture; beat at medium speed for 5 minutes or until fluffy.  Combine buttermilk, food coloring and 1 teaspoon of vanilla in small bowl; still well with whisk.  Add flour mixtrue to sugar mixture alternatively with buttermilk mixture, beginning and ending with flour mixture; mix just until moistened.
Pour batter into prepared cake pans.  Sharply tap pans once on counter to remove air bubbles.  Bake at 350 degrees for 28 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean (do not overbake).  Cool in pans for 10 minutes; remove from pans and continue to cool cake layers on wire racks.
To prepare frosting, combine cream cheese and 1 teaspoon of vanilla in a medium bowl; beat with a mixer at high speed for 3 minutes or until fluffy.  Add powdered sugar and beat at low speed just until blended (do not overbeat).
To assemble cake, place 1 cake layer on a plate.  Spread with jam; top with second cake layer. Spread frosting over top and sides of cake. Store cake loosely covered in the refrigerator.

Submitter: 
Irene
Description: 
The original Red Velvet cake with creamy white frosting and a surprise red raspberry jelly filling.  I was never crazy about Red Velvet cake until I tried it with the raspberry filling.  It adds so much to the cake.  This recipe comes from Cooking Light but you would never guess it was light!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
43
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
NA
