URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62804776/garden-veggie-egg-burrito/
Title:
Garden Veggie Egg Burrito Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/657994.jpg
Ingredients:
2 eggs
1 T milk
2 teaspoons light butter spread or olive oil
1 large flour tortilla
1/4 cup shredded Colby Jack or Monterey Jack cheese
Couple slices of fresh tomatoes.
Cilantro to taste
1 chopped green onion
4-5 pickled jalapeño peppers slices
Dash Salt and pepper

Directions:
Mix 2 eggs and milk in measuring cup with whisk until blended well
Place shredded cheese down the center of flour tortilla leaving about two inches free on one end. Top cheese with jalapeños and chopped green onions (save a few raw onions to top after cooked if you like).
Heat a non stick skillet on medium heat, add butter or oil and spread until hot and starting to sizzle.
Add whisked eggs into pan and scramble lightly with spatula, the heat can be turned off once you start to scramble the egg, it will continue to cook.
While egg is cooking, place the flour tortilla in microwave oven on a microwave safe plate and cook on high for no more than thirty seconds until cheese is just starting to melt.
Remove plate from microwave and add cooked eggs on top of the cheese and top with cilantro, tomato slices and salt and pepper to taste, and remaining onions.
Fold the bottom half of the flour tortilla up first just a few inches covering egg/cheese mixture and then fold each side to the middle overlapping.
If you're real daring add some dashes of your favorite hot sauce or salsa.

Submitter: 
*Sherri*
Description: 
So many breakfast burritos have bacon, sausage or ham in them which is fine in the cooler months, but in the summertime I don't want to be eating so heavy and so I came up with a simple quick egg burrito that only takes fifteen minutes to prepare with a skillet and microwave oven and some fresh garden veggies.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
