URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62806094/pals-frozen-fruit/
Title:
Pal's Frozen Fruit Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup granulated sugar
1 cup water
3 nicely ripe (but not over-ripe) bananas
3 oranges (or one small can frozen orange juice concentrate)
3 lemons (or one small can frozen lemonade concentrate)
1 (20 oz) can crushed pineapple in unsweetened pineapple juice
Mix water and sugar; heat to boiling and cook 1 minute to make a simple syrup. Cool to room temperature.
Place all fruits in blender or food processor; blend until smooth.
Add simple syrup to blended fruit and blend well.
Pour mixture into a large plastic freezer container with lid. Freeze until firm, stirring every hour to keep fruit from separating. Once frozen, scoop into frosty dishes and serve with cookies.

Directions:
Simple syrup is made in ratio of 1 cup sugar to 1 cup water. Add as much or as little as needed (or none at all!) to taste and consistency, depending on sweetness of fruit and personal preference. Some may prefer no sugar added at all. Pal always left the container at room temperature to thaw a bit before scooping desired servings--then returned the container to the freezer for visitors who joined us later.

Submitter: 
MOOSETRAX75
Description: 
I submit this in honor of my dear grandmother, who I called Pal. This was a go-to favorite she kept in the freezer at all times just in case somebody stopped by for a visit. She could whip up a new batch quickly, and it's citrus-y, light, refreshing--perfect for summer but she served it year-round. This recipe is exactly how she made it, but it lends itself to personal taste modifications regarding sweetness, other fruits added, etc. The variations are endless! I have used berries, lime, and even watermelon in some summer batches. I adjust the amount of simple syrup to taste also.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
3-5 h with freezing
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
