URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62801056/pizza-obsessed---pizza-dough/
Title:
pizza obsessed - pizza dough Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/656363.jpg
Ingredients:
4 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons kosher salt
1 teaspoon active yeast
1/4 cup olive oil
1 3/4 cup water (add a few more tablespoons if necessary)
cornmeal for dusting

Directions:
1) Stir together flour, salt and yeast in a large mixing bowl (I an electric mixer, so in the mixing bowl that comes with the tool). Stir in oil and water and place paddle attachment on the mixer. Mix at low speed. Switch to the dough hook, and continue to mix for 5-7 minutes, or until dough clears the sides and bottom of the bowl and looks smooth and sticky.
2) sprinkle flour on counter or cutting board and cut dough into 6 to 8 pieces (depending on how large you'd like your pizza - remember dough will double in size.)
3) If using soon, place dough in a bowl with a few teaspoons of olive oil on the bottom and set on counter at room temperature to rise (2 hours). If using the dough the next day, place in a bowl with olive oil and place in fridge for 24 hours. If freezing dough, place balls in ziploc bags with olive oil and store in freezer for up to 3 months. Bring it out to thaw (fridge) and ready to go in 2 hours at room temperature.
4) Day of cooking, set baking stone in oven and set temp to 550 degrees or higher. (Most ovens only go up to 550, which is fine.)
5) Sprinkle flour on cutting board or counter. Roll our dough or with your hands, form dough in a circular pizza crust, stretching out the dough without breaking it. (This is an art, but totally doesnt have to be perfect!)
6) Sprinkle cornmeal on baking sheet, and add your toppings to the dough.
7) With a large metal spatula carefully transfer pizza to the oven and on top of the baking stone.
8) Pizza will be ready in 5-8 mins.

Submitter: 
HerbanSpoons
Description: 
I've been obsessed with pizza lately! And, how easy and delicious it truly is to make at home. You, however need a baking stone. And I swear it will change your life forever!
This dough is adapted from Peter Reinhart's Napolentana pizza recipe - and the best part, it can be frozen! Which, I believe makes a better dough anyway.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 h and 20 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
