URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62804864/rus-chicken-milanese/
Title:
Rus' Chicken Milanese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Sauce:
1 head of roasted garlic
1/4 cup butter
4 cloves garlic, minced
1/4 cup flour
1 cup chicken broth
1/2 cup half n half
1/2 cup parmesan cheese
1/2 tsp salt
pepper to taste
Linguine cooked to al dente
Chicken:
Package thin cut chicken pounded flat (approx 1 lb.)
1 cup flour
garlic, salt, pepper, and onion powder to season
italian seasoning
3 eggs
1/2 package panko bread crumbs
1/2 cup parmesan cheese
4 cloves garlic, minced
Olive oil and butter for shallow frying the chicken

Directions:
Cut the top off of the garlic and drizzle olive oil on the exposed cloves.  While the oven is preheating to 350, allow the garlic to absorb the oil. Roast the garlic head upside down for an hour.
Put the butter for the sauce into a deep skillet and allow it to get hot on medium.  Add the garlic and saute for a minute or so.
Add the flour and whisk until incorporated.
Add the chicken broth, half and half, salt, roasted garlic, pepper and parmesan cheese -- each one at a time building a layered flavor.  Whisk after each addition.  Allow the mixture to thicken for a minute and then toss with the cooked linguine noodles.
Place the pieces chicken between a piece of plastic wrap and pound the chicken out flat with a rolling pin.
Prepare three pie plates for the chicken
One with flour, salt, pepper, garlic, and onion mixture.
The second with eggs
The third with panko bread crumbs, minced garlic, parmesan cheese, salt, pepper, and italian seasoning
Coat the pieces of chicken in flour, then egg, then the bread crumb mixture, set aside.
In a nonstick skillet melt a bit of butter and olive oil.  Cook the chicken on each side on medium for 3 to 4 minutes until it is brown and crispy.
Serve with the linguine noodles.

Submitter: 
I ♥ allrecipes
Description: 
My copycat recipe of Olive Garden's Chicken Milanese.  My husband's go-to favorite recipe for special occasions.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
