URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62802045/letha-gallups-grandma-ferns-and-great-grandma-jensens-white-bread-ann-girvens-multigrain-version/
Title:
Letha Gallup's Grandma Fern's and Great Grandma Jensen's White Bread, Ann Girven's Multigrain version Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
In Medium bowl add:
1 cup (warm to wrist) water or potato water
1 tsp sugar
stir to dissolve sugar
Sprinkle 2 Tablespoons dry yeast (baking) on top of water mixture.  Pick up bowl and gently swirl water to cause yeast to sink and be covered with water.  Set aside to proof for 5 minutes (watch because it will bubble up and over.)
In large Stainless Steel or Glass mixing bowl add:
2 cups Whole Milk or 1 cup canned Milk and 1 cup water. or 1 cup potato water and 1 cup canned milk
heat to warm to wrist.
Add:
1/2 to 3/4 cup oil-olive or vegetable or margarine or vegetable shortening
2 Tablespoons Salt
1/4 to 1/2 cup Sugar-Maple syrup or honey or molasses or brown or white depending on flavor you desire
3 cups unbleached or white flour
add in the yeast mixture
Beat (poor whip-poor-will) vigorously. (Most important part to develop the gluten) about 5 minutes with large wooden or metal spoon.
Add:
another cup warm to wrist water or potato water and
8 or 9 cups of flour to include any combination (where amounts are listed this is max of this ingredient) 1/2 cup oatmeal quick cooking or regular, 1/2 cup soy flour, 1/2 cup wheat germ, white or whole wheat flour

Directions:
Beat with spoon until too stiff to continue to beat.  Then knead 8-10 minutes while slowly adding flour to keep from sticking.  When doesn't take up much flour stop adding flour.  Too much flour after this will make tough bread. When bread becomes friendly and teasingly pulls back from you grease hands and breaddough and roll to grease bowl. Cover with pretty cotton or blend cloth. Turn on oven to 250 for 2 minutes.  Shut off. Place bowl or pan of very hot water on bottom of oven. Lower top rack down. Place covered bowl on it Let rise until double in size. Snake eye (poke with 2 fingers) if raised enough will remain indented. Punch down, Let rest, covered while you grease bread pan 4 loaves or 2 loaves and sheet pan of rolls.  Divide in 4 sections and flatten with hand on cookie sheet to diminish air bubbles. Roll and plop in pan. Don't press down. Bake 400 degrees for 15 minutes. Then 375 to 350 for 45 minutes until done.  Rap with knuckles will sound hollow when done. Can dump out on hotpad and hang on pan till done.

Submitter: 
LADYBIRD1995
Description: 
My mother's very detailed way to make bread. She adapted the recipe that had been handed down to her from family.  She also added the very detailed way to make good bread.  Her bread was awesome.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
3 hrs
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
48
Nutritional Facts:
NA
