URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62800660/artichoke-poppers-served-wgarlic-aioli-balsamic-reduction/
Title:
"Artichoke Poppers" served w/Garlic Aioli & Balsamic Reduction Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/656165.jpg
Ingredients:
3/4 tsp dried oregano
1/2 tsp dried thyme
1/4 tsp dried basil
1/4 tsp dried marjoram
1/4 tsp dried minced onion
1/8 tsp dried minced garlic
1 6-oz plain goat's milk cheese
3/4 cup mayo
3 cloves garlic, minced
2 1/2 tbsp lemon juice
3/4 tsp salt
1/2 tsp black pepper
2 8.5-oz cans Artichoke Hearts, drained, rinse and dried
3 eggs, scrambled
1/2 cup bread flour
2 cups Italian Style Panko Bread crumbs
1 tbsp butter
1 clove fresh minced garlic
1 cup Balsamic Vinegar

Directions:
HERBED GOAT CHEESE: In a small bowl, mix together oregano, thyme, basil, marjoram, minced onion and garlic, thoroughly. In another small bowl, cream goat's milk cheese. Add spice mix and mix well. Cover bowl and refrigerate for at least 4 hours.
GARLIC AIOLI RECIPE: AR Recipe by Jeff & Justine...Mix together in a small bowl, mayo, garlic, lemon juice, salt and black pepper. Mix well. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.
ARTICHOKE POPPERS: Take cans of artichokes hearts, drain, lightly rinse and let dry slightly.
In the palm of your hand, gently open up the center of the artichoke heart to make a cavity for a filling using your finger. Fill cavity with Goat Cheese mixture, until full. Press sides of artichoke around the cheese to secure cheese in place. Wipe off any excess cheese that over flows the artichoke. Repeat with remaining artichokes. Preheat fryer.
DREDGING: Place scrambled eggs, bread flour & Panko into 3 separate bowls. Dip filled artichokes into egg, then lightly dust in bread flour, then dip back into egg and then roll in Panko bread crumbs evenly. Repeat process to the rest of the artichokes.
In a preheated fryer, place artichokes poppers into fryer, and fry until lightly golden brown. About 3-6 minutes. Depending on size of poppers. Repeat until all is cooked.
BALSAMIC REDUCTION: While poppers are frying, melt 1 tbsp of butter in a small sauce pan, and saute minced garlic on medium heat, until lightly brown. Pour in vinegar and turn heat up to med-high, bring to a slight boil, then reduce heat to a simmer. Simmer until liquid has reduced by half. Remove and slightly cool.
PLATING: Serve artichoke poppers over a plated garlic aioli sauce with drizzled balsamic vinegar reduction. And enjoy!

Submitter: 
Melissa Goff
Description: 
This is a recreation dish from a resturant I visited with a friend for a late lunch at Hoolihan's in Garland, Tx...This was as close to it as I possibly could get. This is 4 recipes in one. I hope all enjoy. Thanks very much.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
