URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62806968/homemade-pasta-with-fried-pork-and-fresh-lemon-basil/
Title:
Homemade pasta with fried pork and fresh lemon basil Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/659191.jpg
Ingredients:
Pasta:
1 egg;
1/2 cup of water;
1 1/2 cup of flour;
2 table spoons of salt;
1 teaspoon of pepper;
2 tablespoons of melted butter;
2 teaspoons of butter (not melted);
Pork
1/2 pound of pork;
1 medium white onion;
1 teaspoon of salt;
1 teaspoon of pepper;
1 tablespoon of corn/vegetable oil;
1/4 cup of lemon basil leaves.

Directions:
Step 1: Melt the butter, let it cool off. Whisk an egg into 1/2 cup of water, add a pinch of salt and pour in the cooled melted butter.
Step 2: Gradually add the flour until the dough will be of firm and elastic consistency (not very heavy, but not too moist, not too soft and sticky).
Step 3: Knead the dough for 10-15 min. Split your dough in to two parts. Cover the surface where you will roll out the layer with quite a bit of flour and using a dough roller roll out a thin layer of dough, cover with flour the surface of your layer, so that it wouldn’t stick, when you will start folding it.
Step 4: Fold your thin sheet of dough 3-4 times into a roll (remember you should have enough flour inside the roll, so that your pasta wouldn’t stick)
Step 5: Now start cutting you roll into thin strips (see the pic).
Step 6: As soon as you cut all your roll – add some air to your pasta, work through it with your hands, carefully give it some air/
Step 7: Put the saucepan on high heat and wait until the water will start boiling. Add a teaspoon of salt and as soon as you see the water is boiling again add your pasta.
In 1-2 min carefully stir the pasta, but don’t break it.
In 2-4 min your pasta is ready, drain the water and add 2 tbsp. of not melted butter and carefully stir the pasta.
Meanwhile while your pasta is cooling off and the butter is melting:
Step &: Wash you pork, cut it into medium size square pieces.
Read more here:

Submitter: 
helenscooking
Description: 
Real men's food: Homemade pasta with fried pork and fresh lemon basil. Inspiring flavor! Normally you don't add water or melted butter in pasta, but I decided to combine 3 recipes in one and the result was astonishing, even after 5 days since this pasta was cooked and eaten my family members ask if there's any left (and search for it in the fridge:). try it, You'll love it. Go to my blog for more pictures
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
0h20min
Ready in:
0h45min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
