URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62803558/strawberry-banana-torta/
Title:
Strawberry Banana Torta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
20 Chocolate sandwich cookies or graham crackers, finely crushed
3 TBSP unsalted butter, melted
1 Package (8 ounces) cream cheese
1 Container (8 ounces) sour cream
1/2 cup sugar, divided
1 envelope unflavored gelatin, divided
2 TBLSP boiling water
1 Box (3 ounces) strawberry flavored gelatin
1 firm medium sized banana, sliced (about 1 cup)
1 Cup sliced strawberries

Directions:
1) Coat 8x8x2in square glass serving dish with nonstick cooking spray.
2)Mix cookies and butter in a bowl. Press in even layer in prepared serving dish.
3)Beat Cream cheese, sour cream, and 1/4 cup sugar in a bowl until well blended.
4)Sprinkle 1 1/2 tsp of gelatin over boiling water in a small cup. Let stand until softened, then stir well to dissolve. Beat gelatin mixture into cream cheese mixture. until smooth and creamy.
5)Spread half of cream cheese mixture over the cookie crust. Place in freezer to quick set (about 10 minutes)
6)Meanwhile, add remaining unflavored gelatin and 1/4 cup sugar to dry strawberry-flavored gelatin. Then prepare according to package directions for strawberry gelatin. Add sliced bananas and strawberries.
7)Pour two cups of strawberry mixture over cream cheese layer. Place in freezer to quick set (about 20 minutes)
8)Spread another layer of remaining cream cheese mixture. Place in freezer to quick set (about 10 minutes)
9)Pour remaining strawberry mixture over cheese layer and place in freezer to quick set. (about 20 minutes)
10)cover with plastic wrap and place in refrigerator, NOT the freezer. (3hrs to overnight)
To serve, cut the squares and lift with a spatula.

Submitter: 
SUSIEQ203
Description: 
This is a recipe I found somewhere years ago. I've never been able to find it anywhere since. My family absolutely loves this refreshing desert in the summer, especially during strawberry season.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
