URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62818563/rosemary-pork-and-potato-balls-with-spicy-tropical-cream/
Title:
Rosemary Pork and Potato Balls with Spicy Tropical Cream Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/664838.jpg
Ingredients:
1 Cup chopped fresh pineapple
1 Cup chopped fresh mango
2 Tablespoons heavy cream
1 heaping Tablespoon minced shallot
1/2 to 1 finely minced fresh jalapeno pepper
1 teaspoon finely grated lime zest
2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lime juice
1 pound ground pork
1 small to medium sized Yukon gold potato, coarsely grated
2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves or 1 tablespoon crushed dried rosemary
3 cloves garlic, minced
2-3 shallots, chopped fine
1 teaspoon sea salt
1/2 teaspoon black pepper

Directions:
For the sauce: Place the pineapple and mango in a blender or processor and puree until smooth. Blend in the heavy cream. Place the mixture into a bowl and stir in the shallot, jalapeno, lime zest and juice. Add a pinch or two of sea salt to taste. Cover and refrigerate for at least an hour for the flavors to blend.
For the meatballs:
Combine the pork, grated potato, rosemary, garlic and shallots in a bowl, season liberally with salt and pepper. Form the mixture into meatballs, about 1 and 1/4" in diameter. Place on ungreased baking sheet. Bake at 375* about 20-30 minutes, (wish I had paid closer attention here...might have taken a bit longer) until cooked through and lightly browned on top. Remove meatballs to a platter and insert a toothpick in each one.
Serve hot with chilled Spicy Tropical Cream for dipping.

Submitter: 
Wyattdogster
Description: 
This recipe was created for the July Gang-Up challenge using olive oil, garlic, shallots, rosemary, lime, pork, potatoes, pineapple, mango and heavy cream My two substitutions were taking away the olive oil and adding jalapeno. I chose to make an appetizer with these ingredients.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h plus chilling time
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
