URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62818414/chicken-with-caramelized-apple-sauce/
Title:
Chicken with caramelized apple sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/664736.jpg
Ingredients:
4 chicken drumsticks
4 tablespoons of olive oil
2 red apples (medium)
1 medium shallot
3 cloves of garlic
1 teaspoon of coriander
2 teaspoons Dijon mustard
1 teaspoon of honey
2/3 cup of dry white wine
½ teaspoon Red ground pepper
½ teaspoon Black ground pepper
Salt

Directions:
At first we need to prepare marinade: mix mustard, 2 tablespoons of olive oil, pepper and coriander, add salt (1 tablespoon is what I add).  Chicken drumsticks: wash carefully, dry off with paper towel and then put in the marinade, leave for 1 hour.
Preheat oven for 350F, put the chicken in your baking dish (greased) and  bake the chicken for 25 minutes (or as soon as the chicken turns golden brown from one side) turn on the other side and bake for 20-25 minutes more (or until chicken is cooked).
Meanwhile peel the apples, shallots .Take away the apple seeds and slice the apples.  Cut the onions and garlic into slices, put the frying pan at the medium heat and preheat the olive oil (2 tablespoons). Add the shallots and garlic, fry for 2-3 minutes, add the apple and white wine and braise for another 5 minutes.
When your chicken drumsticks are ready, serve them with apples and sauce that you just cooked. You can decorate the dish with fresh basil leaves for more flavor and aroma!
I also, normally serve this dish with my easy baked potatoes. (But it will work fine with pasta, mashed potato etc.)
Enjoy!
Helen

Submitter: 
helenscooking
Description: 
I love the combination of apples and chicken, I love it in salads and in main dish, so this is one of my favorite recipes adapted years ago from one newspaper.(Don’t even remember the name) The dish is very flavorful and playful, and is great  to cook for family dinner, as well as the date night etc.  It requires minimum ingredients and is easy to cook.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
0h:20m
Ready in:
1h:05m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
