URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62817764/tender-pork-spare-ribs/
Title:
Tender Pork Spare Ribs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup brown sugar
1/2 cup lo-salt fajita seasoning (such as Fiesta®)
2 tablespoons Hungarian sweet paprika
2 racks pork spareribs, fat trimmed
1 cup beer, red wine or cola
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 tablespoon honey
3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce
1 tablespoon prepared brown mustard

Directions:
Mix the brown sugar, fajita seasoning, and paprika in a bowl. Rub both sides of the pork spareribs with the brown sugar mixture. Place the spareribs in a 9x13-inch baking pan; cover and refrigerate overnight.
Preheat an oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C). Whisk together the beer, garlic, honey, Worcestershire sauce, and mustard in a bowl. Set aside.
Tear off 2 large sheets of heavy duty aluminum foil and lay them shiny-side down. Place a rack of spareribs on each sheet, meaty-side up. Tear off 2 more sheets of foil and place them on top of the ribs, shiny-side up. Begin tightly folding the edges of the foil together to create a sealed packet. Just before sealing completely, divide the beer mixture evenly into each packet. Complete the seal. Place the packets side-by-side on an 11x14-inch baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until the ribs are very tender, 3 hours and 30 minutes to 4 hours. Carefully open each packet, and drain the drippings into a saucepan. You may only need the drippings from one packet. Set ribs aside. Simmer the drippings over medium-high heat until the sauce begins to thicken, about 5 minutes. Brush the thickened sauce over the ribs.
Preheat the oven's broiler and set the oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source.
Place the ribs on grill or back into the oven and broil until the sauce is lightly caramelized, 5 to 7 minutes.

Submitter: 
luvstocook
Description: 
Fajita seasoning is the secret ingredient to these fall-off-the-bone ribs. You'll want to plan head though. Ribs this juicy and tender needs to be cooked low and slow--but they're worth the wait!Modified from: Tender Pork Spare Ribs
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
16 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
