URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62811368/authentic-chiles-rellenos-stuffed-peppers/
Title:
Authentic Chiles Rellenos (Stuffed Peppers) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
15 Small Chiles (Jalapenos are best; cracks and dark spots mean a hotter chile)
4 Large Chiles (Poblanos are good)
12 Small Red Tomatoes
1 Large Onion chopped
2 Cloves Garlic minced
1 Tablespoon fresh Mexican Oregano
1 Tablespoon fresh Cilantro
1 Bay leaf
1 Tablespoon powdered Chile Guajillo (optional)
1 Teaspoon powdered Chile Ancho (optional)
Salt to taste
2 Cups Chicken Broth
2 Cups Shredded Mozzarella Cheese*
1 Cup Ricotta Cheese*
1/4 Cup Parmesan Cheese*
12 Eggs Separated
1/2 Cup All-Purpose Flour
1 Quart Oil for frying

Directions:
Preparing Chiles:
You may roast chiles on a comal turning until most of chile is covered with blistered skin, or broil them in the oven until toasted evenly. Place chiles in a plastic bag and seal it to steam hot chiles while you prepare the cheese mixture and sauce.
Cheese Mixture and Sauce:
Combine the three cheeses in a bowl, mix with spoon, and set aside. With a blender mix tomatoes, onion, oregano and cilantro until it is a frothy pink mixture. Pour into large stock pot with salt, bay leaf, powdered chile and chicken broth. Bring to a slight boil, reduce heat, cover, and simmer until sauce turns a deep red color. Remove and discard bay leaf.
Clean and De-vein Chiles:
At this point I advise the use of latex gloves when handling chiles and avoid touching face or letting water spray in eyes when washing them. Remove chiles from plastic bag. Peel off blistered skin, and cut a small slit up and down chile. Taking care not to remove the stem, pull out the veins and seeds from the chiles. Stuff chiles with cheese mixture and set aside.
Batter:
Beat egg whites with electric mixer until fluffy and stiff.  Add just enough egg yokes to tint the whites a little yellow, but not so much it reduces the mixture much. One or two yolks should suffice. Coat stuffed chiles with flour, dip in egg batter until completely covered (trying to keep the cheese closed inside the chile). From batter drop chiles into oil heated to 375F and fry until golden on both sides. As chiles are done frying transfer them into the simmering sauce. Continue simmering for 15 minutes while you make the tortillas and serve.

Submitter: 
Alicia Taylor
Description: 
I was taught this recipe by a good friend visiting from Mexico. It is my absolute favorite dish! Well worth the effort. When served with fresh home-made tortillas and rice it is to die for!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
