URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62817404/triple-berry-trifle/
Title:
Triple Berry trifle Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
vegetable oil cooking spray
Pound cake - make from mix (or use store bought!)
3 (8 ounce) cartons low-fat vanilla yogurt
1/4 cup sugar
1 (10 ounce) package frozen raspberries in light syrup, thawed and undrained
2 cups frozen blueberries, thawed
3 cups halved fresh strawberries
3 tablespoons cream sherry
3 fresh strawberries, halves

Directions:
Coat a 15x10x1-inch jellyroll pan with cooking spray, and line with wax paper.
Coat wax paper with cooking spray.
Spread sponge cake batter evenly onto prepared pan.
Bake at 350°F for 15 minutes or until cake springs back when touched lightly in center.
Immediately loosen cake from sides of pan, and invert onto a wire rack.
Peel off wax paper, and cool completely.
Cut cake into 3/4-inch cubes and set aside Place a colander in a 2 quart glass measure or medium bowl.
Line colander with 4 layers of cheesecloth, allowing cheesecloth to extend over edges.
Spoon yogurt into colander, cover loosely with plastic wrap, and chill 1 hour.
Spoon yogurt cheese into a bowl; discard liquid.
Add sugar and stir well.
Cover and chill Position knife blade in food processor bowl, and add raspberries in bowl.
Process until smooth.
Pour into a bowl and stir in blueberries and 3 cups strawberries. Set aside.
Line bottom of a 2 qt trifle bowl with 1/3 of cake cubes and drizzle with 1 Tbs sherry.
Spoon half of berry mix over cake cube layer and spoon 1/3 of yogurt mix over berry layer.
Repeat layers.
Place remaining cake cubes over yogurt mix.
Drizzle remaining 1 Tbs sherry over the cake cubes.
Spoon remaining yogurt mix over top.
Cover and chill up to 4 hours.
Arrange 3 strawberry halves on top of trifle.

Submitter: 
Sudie B
Description: 
I found this excellent recipe in Cooking Light magazine.  It's become a family favorite
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 hrs
Ready in:
5 1/4
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
