URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62814679/not-your-mothers-watergate-salad/
Title:
Not your mother's Watergate Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 box instant pudding, ANY FLAVOR, YOUR CHOICE
2 cups fruit plus juice, ANY FRUIT, YOUR CHOICE
1 to 1 1/2 cups solid dairy product, such as, yogurt, sour cream, whipped cream, Cool Whip, cottage cheese, as long as it is a solid dairy porduct
****Optionals***
Marshmellows, nuts, bananas, coconut, 1 cup milk, maple syrup

Directions:
Pour one package ANY FLAVOR, INSTANT PUDDING MIX into good size bowl.
Add the 2 cups fruit plus liquid, blend completely.
Add the solid dairy product and stir to completely incorporate.
Add any or all of the optional ingredients, if you are using them.
If you are using sliced bananas instead of canned fruit, you will need to add 1 cup of milk to replace the juice that would have been in canned fruit.
Coconut Instant Pudding, crushed pineapple, shredded coconut, and a solid dairy porduct would make a Pina' Colada.
If you are using Coconut Instant Pudding, add some shredded coconut.
Chocolate pudding with bananas, minature marshmellows, and chopped nuts would make a Rocky Road flavored dish.
Vanilla Instant Pudding, maple syrup, nuts and whipped cream or Cool Whip would make Maple Nut.
You can use minature marshmellows and nuts with whatever pudding or fruit you are using, giving you a variation of textures.
Use Vanilla Instant Pudding if you are going to add a fruit in which there isn't a pudding flavor, such as sliced canned apricots or fresh apricots with sliced or slivered almonds.
If you are fond of orange flavors, you could use vanilla pudding, mandrin orange segments, and orange yogurt.
If you use fresh fruit remember to use 2 cups of fruit and 1 cup of milk.
You are only limited by your imagination.

Submitter: 
Kitten
Description: 
This fruit salad is on the same principle as the Watergate salad which uses Pistachio Instant Pudding and Cool Whip. It's just a little different because you are not stuck with the same Cool Chip and Pistachio Instant Pudding.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
