URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62811128/gang-up---piggy-chops-with-tropical-salsa/
Title:
Gang Up - Piggy Chops with Tropical Salsa Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/661206.jpg
Ingredients:
8 cloves garlic
1/2 Cup Olive Oil
3 Thick cut pork loin chops
5 limes
4- 5 small shallots  (1 for marinade, 1 finely diced for the salsa &  the rest for the skewers)
1 20 oz can pineapple packed in juice (divided - juice reserved)
1/2 C whole cream
2-3 sprigs fresh rosemary
2 red bell peppers
6 small red potatoes - cooked and cooled
2 cups fresh or frozen mango chunks
3 green onions - diced.
Salt and pepper

Directions:
Whirl the 8 cloves garlic and OO in a food processor.  Pulse until garlic is finely minced.
You won't use all of this  - pour garlic olive oil into a container.  Store in the fridge.
Marinade:
Return 2 T garlic olive to the food processor bowl.
Juice 4 of  the limes to measure 1/4 cup juice. (reserve the juiced limes for grilling)   Add the lime juice to the food processor bowl along with 2 shallots & half of the pineapple juice,  pulse until thoroughly  combined.  Add the 1/2 Cup Cream and pulse to combine.   Place the pork chops in a freezer bag add the marinade.  Crush the rosemary with the side of a heavy knife and add to the pork chops and marinade.  Refrigerate for at least 4 hours up to 24 hours.
Skewers:
Place cooked & cooled red potatoes into a freezer bag.  Add 2 T garlic olive oil.  Toss.
Cut 1 1/2 of the red bell peppers into large pieces -reserve the remaining half pepper for the salsa.  Add bell pepper, shallots & 1/2 of the pineapple chunks to the potatoes.  Sprinkle with about 1/2 tsp Kosher salt and 1/4 tsp black pepper.  Seal bag - toss and refrigerate.
Tropical Salsa:
In a medium bowl - combine mango, pineapple & remaining juice, diced green onion, diced shallot and reserved red bell pepper - diced.   Squeeze the remaining lime over the salsa and toss to coat.  Save the juiced limes for grilling.  Refrigerate.
Heat grill to medium.
Remove pork chops from the refrigerator to start coming to room temp.
Thread the potatoes, shallots, peppers and pineapple onto skewers.
Remove chops from the marinade - grill along with skewers & limes, cut side down.
Grill chops minutes 6-7 mins per side. Once limes have charred - using tongs squeeze limes over chops and skewers.
Cook to 145 degrees - cover with foil & allow to rest.

Submitter: 
Baking Nana
Description: 
I made this for the summer 2011 Gang Up Challenge.  I used all 10 available ingredients and added green onion and red bell peppers for a total of 12 ingredients.   Other than needing a little heat it is a keeper.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
