URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62815541/homemade-coconut-macaroons/
Title:
Homemade Coconut Macaroons Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/663360.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup of dark chocolate, or milk chocolate chips
1/2 cup of chopped almonds
1lb of shredded coconut
1 can of Eagle Brand sweetened condensed milk
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon of vanilla extract, or pure if you have it
3 egg whites

Directions:
Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper, and pre-heat the oven to 325F.
Mix coconut, sweetened condensed milk, salt and vanilla together in a large bowl.
In a medium sized mixing bowl, separate egg whites from yokes. I put the yokes into a small air tight container and placed them in the fridge. I use them for breakfast the next day.
Using an electric mixer (doesn't have to be a professional one), on medium speed, beat the egg whites for 3-5 minutes or until you get stiff peaks. (Should look like whipped cream.)
Next gently fold the eye whites into the coconut mixture. You don't want to stir it or the egg whites will loose it's fluff. This fluff with make your macaroons soft and delicious.
Spoon 1 tablespoon size cookies on to the prepared cookie sheet. Bake for 20 minutes, or until golden brown on top. (Cookies will have golden peaks.)
Remove from oven, place on cookie rack to cool.
When cookies are cool, after about 30 minutes. You can put them in the fridge or freezer if you can't wait 30 minutes.
Topping:
In a microwave safe bowl, preferably ceramic, add 1 cup of dark chocolate chips. You can use milk chocolate if you like.
Heat chocolate for 30 seconds. Stir. The chocolate should have some chunks left, but they should all melt with stirring. If it is not melting completely, place back in microwave for another 10 seconds. Stir again.
Place cookies on parchment paper, and drizzle with melted chocolate. Top with chopped almonds.
Enjoy!

Submitter: 
WannaBeChef
Description: 
A delicious cookie made from shredded coconut, drizzled with dark chocolate, and topped with chopped almonds.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
