URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62816872/potato-and-bacon-salad/
Title:
Potato and Bacon Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/664035.jpg
Ingredients:
10 eggs. hard boiled, cooled and shelled
16 slices bacon, prepared to "crispity-crisp"
4 tablespoons prepared Dijon mustard (or to taste)
1 or 2 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped
1 medium sweet red onion, chopped
2 cup mayonnaise
3-5 stalks celery, finely chopped
4 pounds small red potatoes, halved or quartered to bite size
1 tsp each of salt and pepper (or to taste)
1/2 tsp white or rice vinegar
1 DROP of liquid hickory smoke (optional)
2-4 tablespoons chopped FRESH parsley (optional)

Directions:
Wash and cut potatoes into halves or quarters (bite size).  Place into a heavy bottom stainless pot (Do not use aluminum, as this will cause potatoes to darken).  Cover with water to at least 1 inch above potatoes and bring to a boil.  Reduce heat to medium and cook until tender (approx 20 min).  Drain, cool and place in a large mixing bowl.
While potatoes are cooking, place eggs in a single layer in a pot and cover with cold water to about 1 inch over eggs.  Bring water to a rapid boil and immediately reduce heat to just below a simmer.  Cover tightly, and let eggs stand in hot water for 15 to 20 minutes.  Remove from hot water, and IMMEDIATELY place in a bowl of cold water to cool.  When eggs have cooled, peel and chop.
In the large mixing bowl of potatoes, add celery, onion, red pepper, bacon and eggs.  Gently toss together.
Prepare mayonnaise mixture as follows: In a small mixing bowl, stir mayonnaise, mustard, liquid smoke, vinegar, salt and pepper until well blended.  Fold into potato and vegetable mixture.  Refrigerate for at least 4 (four) hours before serving.
Just prior to serving, sprinkle parsley over the top, or garnish as desired.

Submitter: 
Carol Hammond
Description: 
This is a creamy potato salad made with bacon and Dijon mustard that's great the second day too.Modified from: Potato and Bacon Salad
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
5 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
