URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62816585/vegan-rhubarb-cinnamon-streusel-muffins/
Title:
Vegan Rhubarb Cinnamon Streusel Muffins Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/663881.jpg
Ingredients:
2.5 cups all-purpose flour (or mixture of all-purpose and whole-wheat)
1 tsp baking soda
1/2 tsp salt
1 1/4 cups brown sugar
1/2 cup vegetable oil
½ cup flax egg mixture (see note)
1 cup soymilk
1.5 tsp lemon juice or apple cider vinegar
1 tsp vanilla
2 cups chopped rhubarb - about ½ inch pieces
TOPPING:
1/2 cup brown sugar
1 tbsp vegan butter or margarine melted (I use Earth Balance)
3/4 tsp cinnamon
FLAX EGG SUBSTITUTE:
3 cups water
1/3 cup flax seeds

Directions:
To make the flax egg substitute, bring the water and flax seeds to a boil in a saucepan. Reduce the heat and simmer for 30 minutes. Strain mixture to remove the seeds.  The remaining liquid will be somewhat gelatinous, like egg whites.  Allow this mixture to cool a bit, then store it in the fridge.  You can use it in this recipe once it is lukewarm.
Preheat oven to 350°F.
In a small bowl or glass measuring cup, mix lemon juice into soy milk and set aside for at least 5 minutes to curdle.
In large bowl, combine flour, baking soda, and salt.
In separate bowl, blend sugar with oil;  Whisk in flax egg mixture, soy milk, and vanilla.
Stir into dry ingredients along with rhubarb just until flour is incorporated.
Spoon into greased or paper line muffin tins, filling 3/4 full, or spoon into two greased 8 by 4 inch (1.5 L) loaf pans.
Spoon a little streusel topping over each muffin, or onto each loaf.
Bake for 20 to 25 minutes for muffins, 40 to 45 minutes for loaves, or until cake tester inserted into centre comes out clean.
Let cool in pans for 10 minutes before removing to let cool completely.

Submitter: 
GINGERCAT1
Description: 
A delicious way to use fresh rhubarb!  These muffins are moist with a sweet cinnamon buttery topping that works so well with the tartness of the rhubarb.  I adapted this recipe from the original to make it vegan for my husband. I can't tell the difference between the two, they're both so tasty!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min + flax egg prep
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
9
Nutritional Facts:
NA
