URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62815146/shrimp-summer-rolls-with-asian-peanut-sauce/
Title:
Shrimp Summer Rolls with Asian Peanut Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/4 pound medium shrimp - peeled and deveined
2 tablespoons olive oil
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1/4 cup shredded napa cabbage
2 tablespoons shredded carrot
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger
2 tablespoons teriyaki sauce
2 tablespoons fresh lime juice
4 (8 inch) round sheets rice paper
1/2 cup chunky peanut butter
2 tablespoons teriyaki sauce
2 tablespoons sesame oil
2 tablespoons hot sauce
3 cloves garlic, minced
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger

Directions:
Preheat an outdoor grill or grill pan for medium-high heat.
Place the shrimp in a bowl and toss with olive oil and salt and black pepper.
Grill the shrimp on the preheated grill until opaque, 2 minutes per side. Remove from the grill and set aside.
Combine the cabbage, carrot, garlic, 1 tablespoon ginger, teriyaki sauce, and lime juice in a bowl, stir well.
Working with one at a time, wet rice paper with water and lay out on a clean surface. Place a quarter of the cabbage mixture in the center of the paper, top with a quarter of the shrimp. Shape the filling into a log shape and roll the rice paper around the filling, tucking the ends in as you go. Repeat with the remaining rice papers.
Whisk together the peanut butter, teriyaki sauce, sesame oil, hot sauce, garlic, 1 tablespoon ginger, salt and pepper. Slice the rolls in half on an angle, and serve with the peanut sauce on the side.

Submitter: 
tvmw
Description: 
These Thai-inspired summer salad rolls are filled with cabbage, carrots and grilled shrimp and served with a sweet and tangy peanut sauce. They are easy and quick to prepare and are a fun family recipe. Who can roll the best looking one? Try these with grilled pork or chicken for a different variation.Modified from: Shrimp Summer Rolls with Asian Peanut Sauce
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
