URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62821596/makhani-chicken-indian-butter-chicken/
Title:
Makhani Chicken (Indian Butter Chicken) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 3/4 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - cubed
1 tablespoon lemon juice
1 tablespoon chili powder
salt to taste
-
1 cup Greek 0% yogurt
salt to taste
2 tablespoons garlic powder
1 tablespoons melted butter
1 tablespoon chili powder
2 tablespoons ginger powder
2 tablespoons lemon juice
2 tablespoons olive oil
-
1 tablespoon butter
1 tablespoon ginger powder
1 tablespoon chopped garlic/or powder
2 chopped jalapenos peppers
1 can tomato sauce
1 tablespoon chili powder
salt to taste
1 tablespoon honey/ agave
1/3 cup skim milk

Directions:
To Marinate: Place chicken in a nonporous glass dish or bowl with lemon juice, 1 tablespoon chili powder and salt. Toss to coat; cover dish and refrigerate overnight.
Place in a medium bowl; mix in salt, garlic powder,  butter, chili powder, ginger powder, lemon juice and oil. Pour yogurt mixture over chicken, replace cover and refrigerate while your at work.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Place chicken on skewers. Place skewers in a 9x13 inch baking dish and bake in preheated oven for 20 minutes, or until almost cooked through.
To Make Sauce: Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Mix in ginger paste, chopped garlic and green chile peppers. Saute until tender, then stir in tomato puree, chili powder, salt and water. Bring to a boil; reduce heat to low and simmer, stirring in honey.
Place chicken in sauce mixture. Continue cooking for another 5 minutes, or until chicken is no longer pink inside. Stir in milk.

Submitter: 
Virginia Mott
Description: 
Start the marinating at night, add the yogert in the morning, and make at night. Cuts the nightime cooking down to 25 mins. Also cut alot of the fat and calories, and the hard to find ingredients.Modified from: Makhani Chicken (Indian Butter Chicken)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
5 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
