URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62829187/peaches-and-cream-wontons/
Title:
Peaches and Cream Wontons Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/669899.jpg
Ingredients:
1 whole Peach
1 block Cream Cheese
1/2 Tablespoons Pure Vanilla Extract
1/4 cups Confectioner's Sugar
1 package Egg Roll/Wonton Wrappers
1/2 cups Water
Vegetable Oil

Directions:
Take one package of cream cheese and sit aside so that it softens. Remove the skin from around the peach, then cut it up into very small pieces.
Place the cream cheese in a large mixing bowl and beat with electric mixer on low. Once the cream cheese becomes slightly fluffy add in the peach, vanilla and confectioners sugar and beat till mixed. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the fridge.
Take a few sheets of egg roll wrappers (wonton wrappers also work) and cut it into 4 smaller squares. Have your water nearby as you will need it to seal off the wontons.
Pour enough oil into a large pot to cover the wontons, heat on low-med. You will need the oil to be around 350 degrees.
While the oil heats, take the cream cheese back out and begin filling the wontons. Fill with about 2-3 teaspoons of filling per sqaure.
Once they are all filled, dip you finger into the water and swipe all four sides, this will make a seal. Now here is the slightly hard part, if you don’t know how to fold them I suggest doing a quick search, as there are many videos on how to do it. Bring the to corners together, then tuck in each side. Use extra water as you need to seal them.
Once they are all nicely folded its frying time! Drop about 4 or 5 wontons in the pot and fry for about 3 mins on each side, just until slightly brown. Just a warning, if once gets a hole in it all the cream cheese will fall out and fry up and the oil will pop so stand back and keep your lid nearby!
Use a slotted metal spoon to lift the fried wontons out and lay on a paper towel to drain. Once they have cooled off a bit, dig in!!

Submitter: 
Felicia
Description: 
Friend wontons filled with a cream cheese and peach filling.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
25
Nutritional Facts:
NA
