URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62820199/essanayes-texas-style-pork-spareribs/
Title:
Essanaye's Texas Style Pork spareribs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/665620.jpg
Ingredients:
Pork Spareribs, membrane removed
my Top Secret Pit Master's Rub
Mesquite smoking chunks
Hickory smoking chunks
Pecan smoking chunks
Essanaye's Texas Sweet BBQ Sauce (for dipping AFTER they are done)
Mop sauce
MOP SAUCE Ingredients:
1 bottle beer
1/2 cup apple cider vinegar
1/4 cup brown sugar
1 tbs garlic powder
1 tbs granulated onion
1 tbs paprika

Directions:
Rinse racks in water and remove the membrane from the inside of the ribs.  I cut the racks in half so they will fit into the pressure cooker.  I like to remove the flaps on the insides of the racks, and cook them STRICTLY for personal "taste testing".  Add generous amount of rub to both sides, and allow to sit for an hour or more.  I cook the half racks in the pressure cooker one at a time for 18 minutes on high.  I add more rub to them just before putting them in the smoker.   Um.. EXCUSE ME SIR, STEP AWAY FROM THE BBQ SAUCE!  DON'T EVEN THINK ABOUT IT!
I use an indirect heat style pit smoker with lump charcoal as the heat source.  Place small pans of water in the bottom of the smoker under the ribs, and keep the racks as far away from the heat box as able.  If I have the smoker loaded up, I rotate the racks every 30 minutes or so.  I start with hickory wood, adding two to three large chunks.  When they are done, I go to mesquite, and end with pecan.  I don't think the order matters.  I may add a little apple too to sweeten things up a bit.  Mop every 40 minutes or so.
After about 1.5 hours, I don't add any more smoking chunks.  I monitor the internal temp of the ribs, looking for about 155, ad which point I wrap the racks in foil and return them to the pit.  Crank up the heat (add more charcoal, and open the dampers) When the internal temp hits 165, remove and allow them to rest for 20 minutes before cutting them up and devouring (if you can stand it...).  I can usually get to 165 degrees in about 2.5 hours total cooking time.  (Thanks to the pressure cooker, they will be nice and tender, as if cooked 4-5 hours, but they will be nice and juicy too)
NOW you can add the sauce... or my recommended technique of dipping as you go.

Submitter: 
Essanaye
Description: 
My secret weapon...?  A pressure cooker.  DON'T EVEN THINK ABOUT SLATHERING THESE RIBS WITH SAUCE BEFORE YOU COOK THEM (well, go ahead if that floats your boat... just don't tell any self respecting Texas style aficionados)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
4 h
Ready in:
4-5 h
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
