URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62825380/chicken-peanut-stew/
Title:
Chicken Peanut Stew Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 medium white onions, sliced
2 carrots, peeled and cut into 1-inch pieces
2 Scotch bonnet or habanero peppers, cut in half, seeds and ribs removed
1 green pepper
2 bay leaves
4 cups water
4 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, each cut into 4 pieces (reserve bones for poaching)
4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, each cut into 4 pieces
2 smoked turkey necks
1 cup unsalted peanuts
1 teaspoon peanut  oil
2 tablespoons olive oil
2 cups roughly chopped canned and peeled tomatoes
1 1/2 teaspoon salt (divided)
1 pound spinach, tough stems removed, washed, drained, and chopped
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg

Directions:
Combine the onions, carrots, chilies, green pepper, bay leaves, 1/2 teaspoon salt, smoked turkey neck, thigh bones (if reserved), and water in a medium pot and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium, add the chicken thighs, and simmer, uncovered, for 15 minutes. Add the chicken breasts and simmer for another 15 minutes, or until the chicken is cooked through.
While the chicken is simmering, toast the peanuts in a small dry sauté pan over medium heat until golden brown and fragrant. Let cool, then grind 1 cup of the toasted peanuts in a blender. Slowly add peanut oil until peanuts are blended into a smooth paste.  Set aside.
Remove the chicken, turkey neck, and bones from the broth. Set aside the chicken and discard the turkey necks and bones.  Using a slotted spoon, remove the vegetables from the broth.  Strain the broth, separating the broth from any excess fat from the chicken. Set aside the broth and discard the fat.  Transfer the vegetables to a food processor; discard the bay leaves. Puree the vegetables until smooth.
In a saute pan or wok add olive oil and heat over medium heat.  Add the chicken pieces and brown.  Remove from the heat.
Stir the vegetable puree and 1/2 teaspoon of salt into the broth and bring to a boil. Reduce to medium heat, and add the peanut puree, whisking until well combined. Add the tomatoes and chicken and simmer until heated through.
Remove from the heat. Add the spinach and 1/2 teaspoon of salt and stir until the spinach is wilted. Season with nutmeg which spinach wilts.

Submitter: 
LoavesofLuv
Description: 
I adapted this from a technique I've seen my friend from Sierra Leon use and a recipe my Haitian mom uses to stew chicken. I hope you all enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
