URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62829903/wrecked-roasted-hasselback-potatoes-aka-annie-you-wrecked-the-potatoes/
Title:
Wrecked Roasted Hasselback Potatoes AKA Annie you wrecked the potatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 to 3 pounds potatoes
1 tennis ball size onion
1/2 cup melted butter, margarine, olive or canola oil
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1/2 cup Panko bread crumbs, can use regular seasoned or unseasoned bread crumbs
1 tsp. garlic powder, can use more or less to taste
big pinch of both ground thyme and dried or fresh basil leaves
Salt and Pepper to taste

Directions:
Melt butter in a small pan, and using pastry brush, brush bottom and sides of round baking dish with melted butter, saving remainder of butter.
Mix together Parmesan cheese, bread crumbs, garlic powder, thyme, basil, and salt and pepper in bowl. Set aside.
Wash and scrub clean, but do not peel potatoes.
Slice unpeeled potatoes across into very thin rounds. Potatoes slices should be less than an 1/8 inch thick. You can put the cut potatoes in cold water to prevent them from browning while you are slicing the potatoes. Remove potatoes from water and pat dry.
Slice onion in thin slices across and seperate the rings.
Arrange the potato slices, standing up, as with dominos, in a circle around the side of the round baking dish and then fill in the center with standing potato slices.
Make sure you have enough potatoes cut to fill the bottom of the bowl so the potato slices don't fall over.
Cut the onion rings in half so you have half circles and put the pieces in between the potato slices.
Carefully spoon the remaining melted butter over potato slices.
Place potatoes in a 375* oven and bake uncovered until potatoes are about half done, probably around 35 to 45 minutes. Check with a fork, there should be a little resistance when poked with a fork.
Remove potatoes from oven and sprinkle Parmesan cheese/bread crumb  mixture over potatoes.
Return to oven and bake until potatoes are fork tender and have crispy, brown edges. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Kitten
Description: 
I wanted to make Hasselback Potatoes for dinner and being in a hurry and not being careful as I cut the potatoes for Hasselbacks, I cut the potato slices too deep and the potatoes fell apart. I wasn't going to waste about 3 pounds of potatoes so I devised this sort of Hasselback potato. Wonderful flavor of potatoes, onions, Parmesan cheese and Panko bread crumbs.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
