URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62822600/freezer-fruity-waffles/
Title:
Freezer Fruity Waffles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups Flour
3 tsp Baking Powder
6 TBS Canola Oil
2 Eggs
1/4 tsp Salt
1 1/2 cup Milk
2 Envelopes any flavored Instant Oatmeal
1 tsp vanilla

Directions:
In a large mixing bowl add all the dry ingredients and mix well.
MIx together all the wet ingredients and then add to flour mixture.
Stir with whisk or mixer until batter is smooth.
Brush preheated waffle iron with oil using a pastry brush.
Put waffle batter on waffle iron according to manufacturers directions and let cook until the waffles are golden brown; usually 2 to 3 minutes.
Carefully remove cooked waffle and place on a plate and continue cooking until all the batter has been used.
When waffles are cooled, place a small piece of wax paper or parchment paper, the sizae of the waffles and place a waffle on the parchment paper. Place another piece of parchment paper and then another waffle and so on until you lhave stacked up the waffles with a piece of parchement between each waffle.
Gently wrap waffles in freezer wrap, freezer bag or continer suitable for freezing.
Place waffles in your freezer and freeze.
They will keep for up to 2 months.
If you would like to make pancakes from this recipe, you will just need to add some more milk, as pancake batter is much thinner than waffle batter.

Submitter: 
Kitten
Description: 
Yummy waffles all ready for you in the freezer awaiting your hungry breakfast bunch. A different flavor for each taste. You can treat yourself and family to Strawberry waffles, blueberry waffles, peach, banana, apple cinnamon. If there is a flavor of Instant Oatmeal you like, you can make waffles flavored like the oatmeal. Oh, maybe you shouldn't tell them the waffles are very healthy, it may spoil the fun. You can also use this same recipe, with a few changes, for pancakes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
