URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62823202/saschas-magical-blackberry-pie/
Title:
Sascha's Magical Blackberry Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Crust
2-1/2 C Flour
5 Tbsp granulated sugar
3/4 tsp cinnamon
3/4 tsp salt
6 Tbsp sweet butter
6 Tbsp shortening
7 - 10 Tbsp of ice water
Filling
4 C freshly picked Seattle blackberries
1 C granulated sugar
1/4 C Manischewitz Blackberry wine
5 Tbsp cornstarch
1 Tbsp fresh lemon juice
pinch of salt
1 Tbsp sweet butter
3 paper thin slices of lemon

Directions:
Crust - Make Ahead & Refrigerate for 2 Hours
Sift Flour, sugar, salt and cinnamon into a bowl.
Cut in the butter and shortening with two knives to break up into small pieces, then work with a pastry cutter until mixture resembles rolled oats.
Moisten with just enough ice water (tossing lightly with fork) to permit the dough to be formed into a ball.
Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 2 hours.
Filling
Toss together the blackberries and sugar in a bowl.
In a separate bowl, whisk together the wine and the cornstarch and add to the blackbery mixture.
Add the lemon juice and salt.  Try not to stir the mixture too much. Set aside.
Assembly
Cut off a 1/3 of the dough and place back into the fridge.
With the remaining 2/3, roll out onto wax paper and place the rolled dough into a 9" pie plate.  Be sure there is enough dough to hang out over the edge of the pie plate.
Pre-heat oven to 425.
Spoon filling into the dough lined pie plate, dot with butter, and arrange lemon slices on top/center of the filling.
Roll out the remaining pastry dough and cut into strips to create a lattice on top of the pie.
Bring the edge of the lower crust over the lattice and crimp decoratively.
Place on middle rack in oven and bake for 15 minutes @ 425. Then reduce heat to 350 and continue baking for another 35 minutes, until filling is bubbling and the crust is golden brown.
Place on a cooling rack and allow to cool till just warm.
Serve with vanilla ice cream or whipped cream.

Submitter: 
Bill Alexander
Description: 
Not For the Faint of Heart!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
