URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62822568/texan-peach-salsa/
Title:
Texan Peach Salsa Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/666900.jpg
Ingredients:
8 Cups of tomatoes (not dewdrops, Roma's,or cherry's)(you need a meatier tomato), peeled and chopped
6 Yellow Jalapenos, chopped (Green Jalapeno's if you cannot find yellow is OK. I like the color variation with the yellow Jalapenos)
5 Hungarian Wax Peppers, larger size, chopped and seeded
4 peaches, pitted and chopped
1/3 of a large white onion, chopped
4 tablespoons fresh cilantro, stems removed and chopped
2 heaping tablespoons sugar
4 tablespoons cumin
6 tablespoons oregano leaves
3 cups vinegar
1 1/2 teaspoon salt
7 quart canning jars

Directions:
Start a large pot of water to boil. Place a bunch of tomatoes in the boiling water. The amount of tomatoes you use will depend on the size of the tomatoes. Boil the tomatoes for 5 minutes. Transfer the tomatoes to a pot of cold water. Once the tomatoes are cool peel, core, and chop the tomatoes. Place them and the juice off the tomatoes (do not drain) in a bowl.
Cut the top and ends off the Hungarian Wax Peppers. Remove the inside seeds and chop them.
Cut the tops and ends of the Jalapeno's. Chop them and keep the seeds.
Pit and chop four peaches. My personal preference are cling peaches as they are easier to pit but all peaches are great.
Cut off 1/3 of a large white onion and chop it.
Cut the stems off 4 tablespoon of cilantro and then chop the leaves into peaces.
Combine the 8 cups tomatoes, 5 Hungarian wax peppers,6 yellow jalapenos, 4 peaches, 1/3 white onion, 4 tablespoons cilantro, 3 cups vinegar, and 1 1/2 teaspoon salt.
Bring all the ingredients to a rolling boil in a large pot and then reduce to a simmer for 20 minutes. Also bring a second large pot of water to boil. Total time is about 30 minutes depending on the heat of your stove. Half way through the cooking process use an immersion blender to break up some of the tomato chunks and create a little more "juice".
While the salsa is cooking take the canning jars and wash them in hot soapy water. Once washed place the jars and lids in the empty pot with boiling hot water for 10 minutes. Depending on the size of your pot it may cause you to do two batches of jars in the boiling water. Once the jars are sterilized place them upside down on a clean tablecloth or towel on the counter-top or table. This helps keep germs out of the jars. Save the pot of boiling water.
See the footnotes!

Submitter: 
uhiggs
Description: 
A World Class Salsa Texas Peaches combined with tomatoes, Hungarian wax peppers, yellow jalapenos,and spices.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
85 m
Number of servings: 
7
Nutritional Facts:
NA
