URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62827233/mark-bittmans-loaded-guacamole-with-chicken-kebabs/
Title:
Mark Bittman's Loaded Guacamole with Chicken Kebabs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
12 ounces boneless, skinless chicken thighs or legs, cut into 12 or 16 large chunks
1 large onion, cut into large chunks
8 ounces cherry tomatoes
1 bell pepper, any color, cut into large chunks
2 tablespoons olive oil
4 teaspoons minced garlic
1 tablespoon chili powder
Salt and black pepper
3 avocados, skin and pits removed
Grated zest and juice of 1 lime
1 cup corn kernels (thawed frozen are fine)
2 cups shredded romaine or iceberg lettuce
1 fresh hot chile (like serrano or jalapeño), seeded and minced
2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, plus more for garnish
Lime wedges, for serving

Directions:
If you’re using wooden skewers (you’ll need at least 8), soak them in water for 20 to 30 minutes while you prepare the chicken. Thread the chicken, onion, cherry tomatoes, and bell pepper alternately onto the skewers, leaving a little space between the pieces.
Combine the oil, 3 teaspoons of the garlic, the chili powder, and some salt and pepper; taste and adjust the seasoning. Brush the chicken and vegetables with the oil mixture and let marinate for at least a few minutes or up to 1 hour at room temperature. When you’re ready to cook, prepare a grill or turn on the broiler; the heat should be medium-high and the rack about 4 inches from the fire.
Meanwhile, make the guacamole: Mash the avocados in a large bowl until they’re as smooth or chunky as you like. Stir in the remaining 1 teaspoon garlic, the lime zest and juice, corn, lettuce, chile, and cilantro. Sprinkle with salt and pepper, stir, and taste and adjust the seasoning. Cover and refrigerate until you’re ready to eat, but no longer than an hour or so.
Broil or grill the chicken kebabs, turning once or twice, until the chicken is cooked through, 12 to 15 minutes (to check for doneness, cut into a piece with a thin-bladed knife; the center should be white or slightly pink). Spoon guacamole onto serving plates, top with the kebabs, garnish with cilantro, and serve with lime wedges.

Submitter: 
Gregg Hollander
Description: 
It seems like everyone has his or her own guacamole secret. I can always be counted on to use a lot of garlic, a little jalapeno, cilantro, and lime. But it’s always fun to add something new here and there, and this guacamole is in fact loaded with extras. I was pleasantly surprised by the unusual addition of shredded lettuce. It adds heft, almost like a guacamole salad, and cuts some of the richness of the avocado. Most importantly, it makes an excellent base for these kebabs, which are very easy to prepare.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
