URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62822979/perfect-pulled-pork/
Title:
Perfect Pulled Pork Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4-7 lb whole Boston butt pork shoulder (make sure your pork shoulder has a layer of fat on the bottom)
3? deep roasting pan
2 gallon ziploc bag
Digital thermometer with an alarm
Dry Rub
1 tbsp ground cumin
1 tbsp garlic powder
1 tbsp onion powder
1 tbsp chili powder
1 tbsp cayenne pepper
1 tbsp salt
1 tbsp ground pepper
1 tbsp paprika
1/2 cup brown sugar
Brine Solution
1/2 cup salt
1/2 cup brown sugar
2 qts cold water
3 tbsp dry rub mix
2 bay leaves

Directions:
Make Dry Rub: Mix all dry rub ingredients together; store in air tight container; set aside.
Make Brine: Add salt to cold water & stir well until dissolved; add brown sugar and dry rub and stir well to combine.
Rinse pork in cold water, place in bag and carefully pour the brine solution.
Add two dried bay leaves; refrigerate 8 hours, ensuring brine covers the roast.
Preheat oven to 225, remove the pork shoulder from the brine solution and place in roasting pan.
Pat the skin dry with paper towels so you’ll get a nice, crisp crust.
Generously cover with dry rub, ensuring to get it up under any flaps.  If you have dry rub mix left, that’s okay – we’ll use it later.
Make sure fat layer is facing UP and stick the thermometer into the thickest part of the shoulder, but not touching the bone.
Place uncovered in 225 degree oven on middle rack.  Set thermometer alarm for 200 degrees.  When the alarm goes off, turn off oven and let roast cool for about 2 hours before removing from the oven. Turn off the alarm, but keep the thermometer in the meat, so you can monitor the temperature. If the bottom of the pan is dry (or crusted with dried spices) then cover the pan with foil to retain internal moisture of the meat during the cooling period. After a couple hours, when the temperature drops to 170 degrees or slightly lower, remove the shoulder from the oven.
Place on a large, clean work surface such as a cutting board, and remove the large sheet of crusted fat on the top. Using two large forks, begin pulling the meat apart. It will fall apart *very* easily and it should not take you long at all to pull apart this whole roast.
Use excess dry rub mix to season the pulled pork to taste!

Submitter: 
biz_kid1
Description: 
Original recipe from kevinandamanda.com
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
24 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
