URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62834500/minnesota-style-pulled-pork/
Title:
Minnesota Style Pulled Pork Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/672511.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon mild paprika
2 teaspoons light brown sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons hot paprika
1/2 teaspoon celery salt
1/2 teaspoon garlic salt
1/2 teaspoon dry mustard
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/2 teaspoon onion powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
8 pounds pork butt roast
1 cups cider vinegar
1 1/3 cups water
5/8 cup ketchup
1/2 cup firmly packed brown sugar
1/4 cup honey
5 teaspoons salt
4 teaspoons crushed red pepper flakes
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon ground white pepper
2 pounds hickory wood chips, soaked

Directions:
In a small bowl, mix mild paprika, light brown sugar, hot paprika, celery salt, garlic salt, dry mustard, ground black pepper, onion powder, and salt. Rub spice mixture into the roast on all sides. Wrap in plastic wrap, and refrigerate 8 hours, or overnight.
Prepare a grill for indirect heat.
Heat grill to about 350 - 375 f
Place the smoker box full of soaking wet hickory chips in the gas grill.  Place pork butt or shoulder roast in a roaster and place in grill. Cover grill, and cook pork at least 6 hours, or until the internal temperature reaches a minimum of 168 degrees F (71 degrees C). Check hourly, adding fresh coals and hickory chips as necessary to maintain heat and smoke. Should take between 4.5 - 6 Hours.
Remove pork from heat and place on a cutting board. Allow the meat to cool approximately 15 minutes, then shred into bite-sized pieces using two forks. This requires patience.
In a medium bowl, whisk together cider vinegar, water, ketchup, brown sugar, honey, salt, red pepper flakes, black pepper, and white pepper. Continue whisking until brown sugar and salt have dissolved. Place shredded pork and vinegar sauce in a large roasting pan, and stir to coat pork. Serve immediately, or cover and keep warm on the grill for up to one hour until serving. Try it on butter toasted sourdough bread. WOW!!!

Submitter: 
Steve Blaufuss
Description: 
Nice spicy rub, not too overpowering. The ending sauce is a bit sweeter than the original. Helps offset the spicy rub. I prefer a sweeter pulled pork. If you do as well, follow this recipe. Good luck!!Modified from: North Carolina-Style Pulled Pork
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
15 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
