URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62832917/diced-tomatoes-with-chiles/
Title:
Diced Tomatoes with Chile's Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/672280.jpg
Ingredients:
6 Cups Roma Tomatoes (about 3 lbs), peeled and diced
1 1/2 Cups Diced Onion (White or Vidalia)
6 Serrano Peppers, roasted, peeled, seeded and diced
1 Jalapeno Pepper, roasted, peeled, seeded and diced
2 Poblano Peppers, roasted, peeled, seeded and diced
3 tsp Salt
1 tsp Sugar
Fresh Cracked Black Pepper to taste
3/4 Cup Lime Juice
1 3/4 Cup White Vinegar

Directions:
Place peppers on a baking sheet and roast at 400F for 10-20 minutes (use shorter roasting time for the serrano's and jalapeno and longer for the poblanos), immediately remove from oven and wrap in foil and let stand for 15-20 minutes to steam the skins off. Peel, remove seeds, stems and membranes and dice.
Boil a pot of water and dip tomatoes in for 30-60 seconds then immediately plunge into an ice water bath to cool.  Peel and dice tomatoes and measure out 6 cups, diced.
Dice onion and place onions, tomatoes and peppers in a large stock pot, add remaining ingredients and bring to a boil over medium-high heat.
Reduce to simmer, cover and simmer for 5 minutes. Remove from heat, ladle into hot, sterilized canning jars (pints), centre lids and screw down to finger-tip tight.
Process in a water canning bath for 30 minutes (start timing when water returns to a boil after placing jars in water).
Remove jars and place on a towel on the counter out of any drafts.  Within 5-10 minutes, the lids will 'snap' down providing a secure seal.  Any lids that do not snap down, store in the fridge and use within 2 weeks.

Submitter: 
Gitano
Description: 
Who needs to buy Ro-Tel when you can make your own! :) Especially since it is not sold in Canada and I used up my stock...with no trips stateside in the foreseeable future...I improvised :)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
60 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
