URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62838302/persian-herb-stew--ghormeh-sabzi/
Title:
Persian Herb Stew- "Ghormeh Sabzi" Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/749381.jpg
Ingredients:
1 large yellow onion, finely chopped
1 tsp. turmeric
1 boneless chuck roast or 1.5 lbs of lamb stew
1 cup green onions, green parts only, finely chopped
1.5 cup spinach, finely chopped
1/2 cup Italian flat-leaf parsley, finely chopped
1/4 cup cilantro leaves, finely chopped
1/4 cup chives or scallion tops, finely chopped
1/4 cup fenugreek leaves, finely chopped
juice from one lemon
4-5 dried persian limes, "leemoo amonee"
1 can red kidney beans

Directions:
Saute the onion over medium-high heat in a couple of tablespoons of canola oil until it is a deep golden brown.  Add the turmeric, frying another minute or two, then add the stew meat. Toss well to coat in turmeric, and cook until the meat is browned well on all sides.
Meanwhile, fry the herbs in a health splash of canola oil until they are fragrant and deepening in color. Watch them carefully as they will go bitter if burned. You want them to be a deep, dark green without blackening.
Add the fried greens to the meat & onion mixture, stirring well. Add 1.5 - 2 cups of water (you want a "slurry", but not "soupy" mixture). Season with salt & pepper to taste (easy on the pepper). Add the lemon juice, turn the heat down, and let the whole thing simmer, covered, for 1.5-2 hours, or until the greens are mostly softened. (Note: if you are using dried beans, you will want to add them at this point)
About an hour into the simmer, punch a few holes into the dried limes with a fork and add them into the liquid. Any sooner and they will turn the stew bitter. Finally, add the drained kidney beans, and cook another 30 minutes.
Serve with Polow or, if you're slumming it, with lavash bread.

Submitter: 
marybakes
Description: 
Ghormeh Sabzi is deliciously savory and loaded with the flavors of several different green herbs. It's traditionally served atop white rice-Polow.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3.5 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
