URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62837629/slow-cooker-coca-cola-pulled-pork/
Title:
SLOW COOKER COCA-COLA PULLED PORK Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
10 lb	        boneless pork roast
1 stick         butter (or less)
2 to 3 cans	Coca-Cola Classic (but not diet)
36 oz	        barbeque sauce of choice
40	        hamburger buns (or 50-60 biscuits or
silver dollar-sized dinner rolls)

Directions:
Line a 6- or 7-quart slow cooker with a Slow Cooker Liner.
Remove any string or fasteners from the roast and trim the fat.
Cut the meat horizontally into large slices (1" to 1 1/2" thick)
In a large skillet, saute the slices on both sides in batches in a couple of pats of butter just until a light golden crust is achieved, adding more butter as necessary.
As they are sauted, place the slices in the cooker.
Pour the Coke over the slices to about 2/3 full.
Cover and cook on low for 6 to 8 hours or until meat is very tender and falls apart easily, rotating slices up from the bottom and turning once at the halfway point.
When done, remove the meat from the cooker and place on a cutting board; let set up for about 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, place a colander in a large, heatproof bowl.  Pour the pot liquor from the cooker into the colander; reserve liquid and discard any non-meat solids.
Shred the meat and return it to the cooker and stir in the BBQ sauce; thin with some of the reserved liquor, but not too much; reserve remaining liquor.
Cook for about an hour on low or until heated through and well married.
Use more pot liquor to thin the pork mixture a little if necessary.  The sauce should be just thin enough to soak into the buns a bit, but not so thin as to dissolve them.
When done, pour pork mixture into a serving bowl, or serve it right from the slow cooker.
Serve with heated buns or warm biscuits.

Submitter: 
Fishwrap
Description: 
My favorite soft drink is the perfect liquid for cooking pulled pork.  It gives the meat a  nice sweetness.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
7--9 h
Number of servings: 
50
Nutritional Facts:
NA
