URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62833424/strawberry-lemonade-cupcakes/
Title:
Strawberry Lemonade Cupcakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/672013.jpg
Ingredients:
For the Cupcakes
2 Sticks Butter
1 1/4 C white sugar
2 3/4 C sifted cake flour
1/4 tsp salt
2 1/2 tsp baking powder
4 room temperature eggs
1 tsp pure vanilla extract
1/4 tsp strawberry extract
1/2 C 2% milk
16 medium strawberries (12 -14 oz) chopped and macerated (topped with white sugar and allowed to soak at least 2 hours up to overnight)
For the Frosting
1 stick of butter,
3 cups of powdered sugar,
1 teaspoon of vanilla extract,
1 tbs of lemon juice, and
1 tbs of lemon zest.
1-2 tbs of milk

Directions:
At least two hours prior to baking, chop the strawberries (stems removed), cover with white sugar and refrigerate. When you’re ready to make the cupcakes, remove the strawberries from the refrigerator and mash them with a potato masher or lightly pulse with a food processor. You don’t want a puree — you still want strawberry chunks. Place them in a strainer over a bowl, you won’t need all the juice.
pre-heat oven to 350 F and line cupcake tins
In a medium bowl, sift cake flour. From the sifted bowl measure out 2 3/4 Cups of cake flour and add in 2 1/2 tsps baking powder and 1/4 tsp salt
In your mixer, mix together the butter and white sugar until pale yellow and fluffy.
Slowly add the room temperature eggs one by one, mixing for about one minute after each egg, make sure that you scrape down the sides of the bowl so you don’t leave any buttery goodness out.
Add in vanilla and strawberry extract
if you leave out strawberry extract, just sub. more vanilla)
Whisk together the dry mix
Alternately add the dry mix and 1/2 C milk, blending well and scraping the sides of the bowl after each addition.
Add in the strawberries and about 1/4 C + 1 Tbsp strawberry juice, fold in with a wooden spoon until well incorporated and you can see bits of strawberry throughout the batter.
Fill cupcake liners about 3/4 full and bake for roughly 18 minutes or until the tops of the cupcakes spring back when pressed and they’re a bit of a lovely golden color.
Allow to cool in tins for 5 minutes and then remove and finish cooling on a wire rack
Whip all frosting ingredients together in stand mixer until creamy consistency.  Pipe onto cupcakes and garnish with a slice of strawberry.

Submitter: 
Jody Rigdon
Description: 
A beautiful summer treat
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
NA
