URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62841407/dustys-chicken-wild-rice-enchiladas/
Title:
Dusty's Chicken & Wild Rice Enchiladas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/675676.jpg
Ingredients:
Long Grain & Wild Rice 6 oz. Box Mix
Whole Rotisserie Chicken
24 oz. Small Curd Cottage Cheese, Low Fat
8 oz. Sour Cream, Fat Free
4 oz. Neufatchel Cheese
8 oz. pkg. Mozzarella Cheese, Shredded
1.25 oz. pkg. Taco Seasoning, Low Sodium
8 oz. pkg. Cheddar Cheese, Shredded
20 White Corn Tortillas
Small Jar of Taco Sauce

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 F.
Cook Long Grain & Wild Rice according to package directions.  While the rice is simmering, pull the chicken from the bones and shred the meat.  When rice is cooked thoroughly, mix together with the shredded chicken in a large bowl.
In a separate large bowl, combine cottage cheese, sour cream, Neufatchel cheese, mozzarella cheese, and taco seasoning.
Microwave tortillas in their package for 30 seconds so that they are easy to manipulate.
Lightly spray 2 long casserole dishes with cooking spray.
In each tortilla: Spread a handful of chicken mix over half the tortilla.  On the other half, spread a large spoonful of cottage cheese mixture.  Overloading is perfectly okay, as long as they can be folded in half!  Fold the filled tortilla in half and place in the casserole dish.  You should be able to fit 10 filled tortillas into each casserole dish this way.
On the top of each casserole: Spread the leftover cottage cheese mixture over each tortilla.  Lightly spoon-drizzle taco sauce over each filled tortilla, to your taste.  Sprinkle half the cheddar cheese over each casserole.
Bake for 25 minutes until cheese is melted and tortillas are lightly browned.

Submitter: 
Miss Dusty
Description: 
I love making chicken enchiladas - but I make them my way. A long time ago, I kinda-sorta followed a recipe for them, with my own additions, and every time afterwards, my recipe changes as I try new things & forget what I did the previous time. :o) This recipe is the result.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
70 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
