URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62841970/mediterranean-style-roasted-red-pepper-lentil-salad-wlemon-vinaigrette/
Title:
MEDITERRANEAN-STYLE ROASTED RED PEPPER & LENTIL SALAD W/LEMON VINAIGRETTE Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/675945.jpg
Ingredients:
Salad:
1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil
1 ½ large red bell pepper, deseeded, pith removed, cut into halves (about 15oz)
1 cup puy lentils, rinsed several times and drained
3 cups cold water
pinch sea salt
1 small onion, diced into ¼ inch cubes (about 4oz)
2 celery stalks, diced into ¼ inch cubes (about 3oz or ½ cup)
2 carrots, peeled and diced into ¼ inch cubes
Handful parsley, rinsed, patted dry, stems removed, finely chopped
Several turns fresh black pepper
Few pinches sea salt
Dressing:
1 tablespoon Dijon mustard
2 small garlic cloves/shallots, roughly chopped
½ teaspoon sea salt
5 tablespoons lemon juice
1 ½ tablespoons white wine vinegar
1 ½ – 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar
½ cup extra virgin olive oil

Directions:
Dress pepper halves with olive oil. Roast in convection oven at 400 F for 20 minutes or until very soft and crisp at edges. Let cool. Then dice into ¼ inch cubes. Set aside in large mixing bowl.
Add lentils and cold water to sauce pot and bring to a boil. Add salt, reduce heat to low, and simmer covered for 20 minutes or until al dente. Remove from heat, drain and let cool. Then transfer to large mixing bowl holding pepper.
Gently mix in carrots, celery, onions and parsley into bowl with lentils. Add salt and pepper.
For dressing, add all ingredients except olive oil into a blender. Blend on high for 10 seconds. Gradually add oil and blend again until dressing is fully emulsified and smooth. Pour ½ cup to ¾ dressing over lentils and stir gently with a wooden spoon to incorporate.

Submitter: 
Pooja Mottl
Description: 
A perfect summer salad to share with friends and family over a picnic or for dinner. Pooja's whole food lentil salad recipe is super healthy and easy to make, plus it's vegan-friendly!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
-
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
