URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62841610/chicken-and-cheese-great-empanadas/
Title:
Chicken and Cheese Great Empanadas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/675810.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breasts
1 recipe of 2 crust pie dough
2 medium bell peppers (any color), diced
1 small onion, diced
1 cup mozzarella cheese, shredded
1 cup cheddar cheese, shredded
2 tbsp. vegetable oil, plus more for deep frying
1 packet of taco seasoning mix
1/2 cup water
1 egg, beaten
a little flour for rolling
1 teaspoon all purpose seasoning salt (like Tony Chachere's)

Directions:
Filling: Preheat your oven to 350 degrees F.  Place the chicken breasts in a glass baking dish and sprinkle both sides with seasoning salt.  Cover with foil and bake for about 1 hour, or until cooked thru.  Once cooled, they need to be shredded either with a fork, or a food processor.  You can do this step ahead of time, or even use left over chicken.
Sautee the onion and bell pepper in a large dutch oven on med-high heat with 2 tablespoons of vegetable oil, until they are soft. Add the prepared chicken.  Pour in the taco seasoning packet and 1/2 cup water, stirring over medium heat until well combined and most of the water is absorbed. Remove from the heat, and let partially cool (about 10 minutes) while you begin preparing your pie crust.  Then stir in both cheeses.
Forming Empanadas: Roll the pie crust into balls about the size of a golf ball with your hands, being gentle with it.  Roll each ball out into a circle, then place some filling into 1/2 of the circle, leave a 1/2 inch margin around the edge for sealing.  Use your finger or a pastry brush to apply a little beaten egg around the edge of 1/2 of the circle, then fold and press together with your fingers.  Then crimp around the edge with the tines of a fork.  Repeat for each empanada, setting them aside on a large sheet pan.
Frying:
Pour enough oil into a large, heavy skillet or a deep fryer to at least halfway cover empanadas.  Heat the oil to 375 degrees (F).  Gently place a few empanadas into the oil, being careful not to tear them or splash.  Because the filling is already cooked, they only need to fry until golden brown.  Turn them once, if you are using a shallow pan.  They will fry about 10 minutes or less.

Submitter: 
~~Jenn~~
Description: 
A great twist on traditional Empanadas you might find at a restaurant. They are larger, like a meat pie, so preparation is faster and easier.  The filling is great, lots of tender chicken and cheese.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h, total
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
