URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62844801/salmon-chantment/
Title:
Salmon Chantment Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/677552.jpg
Ingredients:
- Fresh spinach, 200 gms (8 ounces)
- Unsalted butter, 15 gms (1/2 ounce)
- Freshly ground black pepper
- Salmon filet, 200 gms (8 ounces) cooked (any fish that can be flaked after cooking will do, but should be compatible with the fish used for wrapping the terrine)
- Prawns, 200 gms (8 ounces), cooked
- Gelatine, 4 level teaspoons powdered gelatine or use 4 or 5 sheets of gelatine (you need enough to set around 1/3 to 1/2 litre; which is 1.5 to 2 Cups) Please note that if you use a thinner cream, you may require extra gelatine. Follow the manufacturer's instructions for preparing this when asked to do so.
- Lemon, 1, the finely grated rind/zest
- Lemon juice, 2 Tablespoons (actually a little more, 'cos I like it!)
- Cayenne Pepper, ground, 3 pinches (even chilli powder works)
- Fresh thyme, a teaspoon or so of fresh thyme leaves (dill would work too, or you choose your own favourite(s)), finely chopped
- Salt
- Double cream, 250 ml (1/2 pint) - double cream is a thick cream available in Europe, apparently thicker than the US's 'heavy' cream. If you have a runnier cream then you may need some extra gelatine!
- Sliced smoked salmon, 300 gms (12 ounces) (smoked trout is a good substitute, or indeed any fish that can be used to wrap round the inner 'mousse')
-------
You will also need a classic terrine form or two or three (note this COULD be made in individual ramekins) - the above quantities are good for a cast iron, enamelled terrine of 1.2 litres capacity (5 cups). The result does not need to be rectangular, a rounded terrine form can be used. Or even two or three shorter ones. As always, YOUR choice.

Directions:
Wash the spinach thoroughly, then dry it off (salad spinner is easiest). In a large medium hot skillet, stirring and turning as it wilts, cook the spinach. We want it wilted but not actually starting to get watery. (About 3 mins) You may need to do this in batches. When done, squeeze as much water out as possible and then finely chop it along with the small pat of butter and some freshly ground black pepper. Spread out evenly on a chopping board to be the same size as the terrine form (use the lid as a guide). Allow to cool.
Flake the salmon filet into a bowl
Chop the prawns quite roughly, and add to the flaked salmon
Start to prepare the gelatine by soaking the required amount
Add the lemon zest and lemon juice to the fish bowl
Add the cayenne and finely chopped thyme
Add salt to taste (experience will dictate), I use around 3/4 teaspoon
In another bowl, lightly whip the cream and then fold in the contents of the fish bowl
Add the prepared fluid gelatine; remember that this will start to set, so work relatively quickly now
(Optional) Line the base, the ends and the sides of the terrine with Clingfilm (Saran wrap)
Line the base and sides with some of the slices of smoked salmon. You can choose to do the ends as well; definitely do this, if you have NOT used the Clingfilm
Pour half the fishy mixture into the terrine
Top this with the spinach layer
Pour the remaining fishy mixture on top of the spinach
Fold over any of the smoked salmon slices that stick up; finally completely cover with the rest of the smoked salmon slices
Place lid on terrine, refrigerate (minimum 8 hrs, up to 2 days)
To serve, loosen round the edges, and invert the terrine onto a serving platter. Cut finger-width slices, 1 or 2 per person. Watercress and lemon garnish is great!

Submitter: 
Swiss Phil
Description: 
A salmon and prawn terrine that is simplicity itself. (Other fish may be used - this is not restricted just to Salmon)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
overnight
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
