URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62844806/chicken-milano/
Title:
Chicken Milano Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/677566.jpg
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons vegetable oil
3 large boneless/skinless chicken breast halves, cubed
1 1/2 cups chicken broth, divided
2 tablespoons butter
3 cloves garlic, minced
3/4 cup sun-dried tomatoes, chopped
1 1/2 cups heavy cream
1 teaspoon red pepper flakes (or to taste)
3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil
1 12-14 oz box of whole wheat fettuccini

Directions:
In a large skillet over medium heat, warm oil and saute chicken until golden and completed, turning pieces frequently until done, around 5 minutes. Transfer to a warm plate and cover.
In same skillet, add 1/2 cup of the chicken broth. Bring to a light boil, mixing broth and drippings. Transfer to a bowl and cover.
Turn heat to low and melt butter in the skillet; add garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add the tomatoes and 1 cup of the chicken broth; increase to medium heat and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, for about 7 minutes or until the tomatoes are tender. Add the cream and red pepper flakes and bring to a boil, stirring. Simmer over medium heat until the sauce is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. Add basil chicken broth/drippings previously set aside and simmer additional 2 minutes. Adjust seasonings to taste, then add set aside chicken cubes. Turn burner to lowest setting, and cover until ready to serve, stirring occasionally.
Meanwhile, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add fettuccine and cook according to package directions until al dente; drain, transfer to a bowl.
Transfer the pasta to serving plates; top with sauce/chicken; serve.

Submitter: 
Michael
Description: 
A delicious pasta and chicken dish with garlic, sun-dried tomatoes and fresh basil. Use the dry packaged sun-dried tomatoes instead of the tomatoes packed in olive oil. The sauce can be kept, covered, for one day in the refrigerator; heat again over low heat. Try it with some crusty bread.Modified from: Chicken Milano
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
