URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62848874/salmon-baked-with-aioli-and-sour-cream/
Title:
Salmon baked with aioli and sour cream Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
The aioli:
1 farm fresh egg yolk, room temperature
1 tablespoon rice or cider vinegar
1 garlic clove, peeled and mashed
2/3 cups canola or grapeseed oil
pinch of salt, Maldon salt flakes or sea
1/3 cup cold pressed extra virgin olive oil
1 teaspoon Umami, optional
1 teaspoon lemon zest (or 1 tbl. of finely chopped preserved lemon)
Salmon:
8 four oz. 1/2-3/4 inch thick salmon fillets
pinches sea salt and fresh milled black pepper
light spritz of olive oil
1/2 cup sour cream
handful of fresh herbs, dill and parsley, maybe chives, divided
lemon wedges

Directions:
Begin with a bowl resting on a tea towel (thanks, Food52 for the tip) by whisking the yolk, vinegar, garlic and a tiny splash of the grapeseed or canola oil together.
As you continue to whisk away with your better hand, slowly pour a thin stream of the same oil into the bowl. The mix should fluff up and pull together. At this point you can exhale and switch over to the olive oil. In the same fashion pour a slow steady stream into the bowl as you whisk continuously. Add the salt, zest, spice (a recipe is included on this site with my bluefish aioli). Taste and adjust the acidity and salt level if needed.
Whip the aioli and sour cream together. If you like, you can include herbs into the mix, or just reserve them all as fresh garnish. If you do want some in the mix, then mince a few tablespoons of fresh herbs and stir these in with the aioli/sour cream. Spoon over top of the salmon. Bake for @ 20-25 minutes in probably two shallow baking dishes or until the salmon is cooked to your liking: You don't want to overcook the salmon. To serve garnish with additional sprigs of fresh herbs and lemon wedges.

Submitter: 
momtoolive
Description: 
a quick and easy baked salmon.  I found this recipe on food52.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
