URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62842440/savory-blue-cheese-cheesecake-with-cherry-pear-compote-and-cherry-balsamic-glaze/
Title:
Savory Blue Cheese Cheesecake with Cherry Pear Compote and Cherry Balsamic Glaze Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/676182.jpg
Ingredients:
For the Crust:
1/4 lb butter (1 stick)
4 oz freshly grated parmesan cheese (about 1 Cup)
1 tsp minced fresh thyme leaves
1/2 tsp kosher salt
1/2 tsp ground black pepper
1 1/4 cup flour
1/4 cup toasted pecan pieces, crushed
1 T butter, melted
For the Filling:
3 - 8oz packages cream cheese - softened to room temp
8 oz blue cheese, crumbled
6 oz parmesan cheese, shredded
4 large eggs - room temp
1/4 cup heavy cream - room temp
1 tsp ground black pepper
For the topping:
2 large sweet onion, thinly sliced
2 T. Olive Oil
2 pears, peeled and chopped
1/2 Cup dried Cherries
2 T Black Cherry Balsamic Vinegar
1/2 Cup brown sugar
1/4 tsp kosher salt
For the 'frosting' & garnish:
8 oz Cream Cheese
2 oz Parmesan Cheese, grated
4 oz  Blue Cheese, crumbled
1/2 tsp ground black pepper
1/4 Cup toasted sweetened pecan pieces
1 firm green pear, cored & sliced very thin.

Directions:
Cream the butter for 1 minute. Add parmesan, thyme, salt and pepper mix to combine.
Add flour and mix on low until mixture looks like large crumbles, about 1 minute.  If dough is too dry, add 1 T of water at a time.
Turn dough out and form into a log.  Wrap the log in plastic wrap and chill until firm.
Pre-heat oven to 350
Cut the dough into 1/4" thick pieces and place on sheet pan. Bake for 22 minutes until golden brown.  Cool on wire rack.  Reduce oven to 300*
With a food processor, pulse the pecans together with the cooled crackers.  Add 1 T melted butter and pulse.
Line the bottom of a 10" springform pan with parchment paper,butter the bottom and sides of the pan.  Spread the crumb crust evenly over the bottom of the pan and pat down.  Chill.
For the filling, beat together cream cheese, blue cheese and parmesan, until smooth and creamy.  Add the eggs, one at a time mixing after each addition, add the cream and pepper mix to combine.
Pour the mixture into the prepared pan.  Bake at 300 for about 1 1/2 hours until the top is browned and the center is barely set. Cool on a wire rack until completely cool. Refrigerate.
In skillet heat olive oil and onions, cook until soft and caramelized.  Add pears, vinegar, brown sugar, cherries and salt.  Cook until the fruit is soft.  Use a slotted spoon to remove the onion fruit mixture.  Drain as much juice as you can back into the pan and then mash the fruit.  Increase heat to medium and cook until juice has thickened into a glaze.  Store seperately.
Beat cream cheese, blue cheese and parmesan until smooth and creamy. Frost the cooled cheesecake - both sides and top.
Just before serving sprinkle the top with sweetened pecans, fruit compote & thinly sliced green pears.
Serve with sliced baguette & firm pears.

Submitter: 
Baking Nana
Description: 
A rich and elegant savory appetizer, worthy of the time and effort.  Excellent for wine tasting parties, holiday gatherings and special occassions. The best part is that it can be made days in advance and topped just before serving.  I created this for a gathering of AllRecipes foodies in Southern California.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 1/2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
