URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62844419/refried-beans/
Title:
Refried Beans Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups pinto beans
2/3 to 3/4 cup vegetable oil
1 bulb of roasted garlic, approximately 6 or 7 cloves
2 - 3 tsp sea salt
1 bay leaf
1 finely chopped tomato, vine ripened or home grown

Directions:
Sort and rinse beans, place in large pot.
Add 8 cups of cold water and the bay leaf.
Put the stove burner on high and cover partially with a lid. As soon as the beans start to boil, lower the heat a little but still continue to boil. Cook for 2 hours and keep adding water as it cooks away.
Stir occasionally. Keep the water level at 2 inches above the beans.
A Helpful Hint:  Keep some water heated on the stove in a kettle or pan. Then when you need to add water to your beans, you have hot water available. Adding cold water will slow down the cooking process while you wait for the beans to boil again.
After two hours of cooking, the beans should be soft and darker brown in color. If not cook them another 20 to 30 minutes. Then add the oil, salt, tomatoe, and roasted garlic.
You can slide the roasted garlic out of it's sleeve in the bulb, right into the beans.
Important:
Do not add salt before the two hours of cooking or your beans will never soften up.
After adding the salt etc. bring the beans to a boil again and lower the heat to low. You want to cook them on a slow boil for an additional 1 to 1 1/2 hours. You will need to stir them occasionally to keep them from sticking to the bottom of the pot.
To get the best flavor, simmer your beans 1- 1 1/2 hour or as long as you can with all the spices and oil. The longer these pinto bean recipes simmer, the better they will taste.
After 1 to 1 1/2 hours, it seems like all the beans want to do is stick to the pot. This is the point where you turn off the heat, remove the bay leaf, and mash them with a potato masher.
You have just completed one of the best pinto bean recipes around. Enjoy.

Submitter: 
kelsimad
Description: 
Refried beans can be a healthy dish as well as a healthy snack for your kids. It all depends on the ingredients you use. This particular refried bean recipe is fairly easy to make. You just need to plan ahead as it needs to simmer a long time to bring out the best flavor.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
