URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62851452/sweet-corn-strawberry-margarita-home-made-ice-cream/
Title:
Sweet Corn Strawberry Margarita Home Made Ice Cream Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 c. 2% milk
1 T. + 1 tsp. cornstarch
1 1/2 oz. cream cheese, softened
1 1/4 c. heavy cream
2/3 c. sugar
1 1/2 T. light corn syrup
1/8 tsp. kosher salt
3 ears fresh sweet corn
2 c. whole frozen strawberries
2 T. sugar
1/3 c. water
Zest of 1/2 orange
Zest of 1 lime
2 shots tequila
Generous squeeze of both orange and lime juice

Directions:
Mix 2 tablespoons of milk with cornstarch; set aside.
Cut corn kernels from cob and break cobs into 3 or 4 pieces. In a large saucepan, combine the remaining milk with the heavy cream, sugar, corn syrup, corn kernels and broken cobs. Bring the milk mixture to a boil and cook over moderate heat until the sugar dissolves. Remove mixture from the heat, cover and let infuse for 1 hour.
While the mixture infuses, place strawberries, 2 T. of sugar, water and citrus zests over medium high heat. When it begins to bubble, turn heat to med. low and cook until the berries are soft and sauce has thickened, stirring occupationally. When thickened, remove from heat, add citrus juices and tequila. Stir well and refrigerate for at least 1 hour. You will have about 1 cup of sauce, so you will have some left to serve with the ice cream.
Remove the corn cobs, and puree the mixture either with an immersion blender or pour in a blender to puree. With mixture back in the pan, reheat over medium high heat. Then off the heat, gradually whisk in the cornstarch mixture. Return to a boil and cook over moderately high heat until the mixture is slightly thickened, about 1 minute.  Gradually whisk cream cheese into hot milk mixture until smooth. Whisk in the salt.
Set the bowl in an ice water bath, stirring occasionally, until cold, about 20 minutes (make sure this gets cold so it will freeze properly). Strain ice cream base into ice cream maker and freeze according to the manufacturer’s instructions. When ice cream is about 5 minute from being done, add ½ cup of the strawberry sauce and continue to process.
Pack the ice cream into a plastic container and close with an airtight lid. Freeze the vanilla ice cream until firm, about 4 hours.

Submitter: 
US92
Description: 
What do you do with the extra sweet corn from your garden?  How a little sweet treat.  Angie & Dave tried this on-air and were surprised at the great taste!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
