URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62855918/mock-bolognese-sauce/
Title:
Mock Bolognese Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/691762.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tbs olive oil
1 medium onion. chopped
5-6 cloves garlic, minced
1 lb. 80% lean ground beef
1 large can tomato paste (or 2 small cans)
2 tbs oregano
1 tsp ground sage
1 tbs dried basil
1 sprig fresh rosemary
2 bay leaves
2 Cups Water
2-3 medium button mushrooms, diced
1-2 tbs red wine
1 tbs parsley flakes
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Heat 1 tbs. Olive Oil in large saucepan over medium-high heat until just beginning to smoke. Add chopped onions and saute until softened and beginning to brown, about 4 minutes, stirring frequently.
Add Garlic and continue cooking until garlic blooms, about 30 seconds to 1 minute.
Reduce heat to medium. Add Ground Beef and cook, stirring frequently and breaking up meat, until beef has lost pink color, about 5-7 minutes. Do not brown meat.
Add Tomato Paste, Oregano, Basil and Rosemary. Stir until well-combined. Gradually add water to Beef/Tomato/Spice mix, stirring constantly, until blended. Reduce to a simmer.
Heat remaining olive oil in a small stainless skillet over medium heat until just smoking. Add diced mushrooms and saute until lightly browned and soft. Do not stir too frequently, you want to develop some fond (brown bits) in the skillet. Add mushrooms to sauce and return skillet to heat. Deglaze the skillet with red wine, scraping up bits of fond with a wooden spoon.
Add wine and fond to sauce. Continue to simmer at least 30 minutes, preferably all day, adding a bit more water as needed to prevent scorching.
Before serving, remove rosemary and bay leaves, add Parsley and more water (if desired) to preferred consistency.

Submitter: 
lucylove
Description: 
Serve this easy-to-tweak thick sauce over your favorite pasta shape, garnished with freshly grated Parmesan. I usually make a double batch to freeze. Like many pasta leftovers, this sauce gets better if made a day or two ahead and stored in the fridge.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
