URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62858824/blueberry-gingerbread-with-wild-blueberry-citrus-sauce/
Title:
Blueberry Gingerbread with Wild Blueberry-Citrus Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/683930.jpg
Ingredients:
Gingerbread:
3/4 cup no sugar added applesauce
3/4 cup brown sugar
1/2 cup molasses
1 egg
2 cups whole wheat flour
2 tsp cinnamon
1/2 tsp nutmeg
3/4 tsp ginger
1 tsp baking soda
1/2 tsp salt
1 cup fresh or frozen blueberries
1 cup non-fat milk with 1 tsp lemon juice mixed in
1 tbsp sugar
Wild Blueberry-Citrus Sauce
2 cups frozen or fresh blueberries
1/2 cup orange juice
2 tbsp lemon juice
1/4 tsp cinnamon
1/4 cup water
4 tsp cornstarch
2 tbsp brown sugar
2-3 pinches salt

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350. Grease and flour a 11x17 baking dish.
Set the milk aside and add in 1 tsp lemon juice to sour the milk.
In a large bowl, mix together the applesauce, 3/4 cup sugar and molasses. Beat in the egg.
In a separate bowl, mix together the flour, cinnamon, nutmeg, ginger, baking soda and salt.
Add the milk and lemon juice mixture to the wet ingredients.
Gradually add the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients and mix just until blended (try not to overmix!)
Carefully stir in the blueberries. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and sprinkle 1 tbsp of white sugar over the top.
Bake for 35-40 minutes in a preheated oven, or until toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool thoroughly.
For sauce: Bring blueberries, orange juice and lemon juice to a boil over medium heat in a saucepan.
Stir in cinnamon, brown sugar and salt then adjust heat to low.
Whisk together water and cornstarch until there are no lumps. Stir the cornstarch mixture into the blueberry mixture and continue to stir until sauce thickens. Remove from heat and let stand 10 minutes before serving.
Spoon blueberry sauce over gingerbread and top with light whip cream and a dusting of cinnamon for a beautiful presentation.

Submitter: 
Ace
Description: 
Classic gingerbread with a twist-blueberries. Made healthy with whole wheat flour, applesauce instead of oil and less sugar than usual. The blueberry sauce adds zing with a citrus spin and is also low in sugar. You'll never tell the difference!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
