URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62859984/chicken-with-sour-cream-and-roasted-red-pepper/
Title:
Chicken with Sour Cream and Roasted Red Pepper Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/684598.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 lbs boneless-skinless chicken breasts, cut into 1-2 inch pieces
2 tbsp lemon juice
1 inch piece fresh ginger, peeled
6 cloves garlic, peeled
4 tbsp vegetable oil
1 large onion, chopped
1 tbsp ground coriander
1 tsp red chile powder
1 medium tomato, chopped
1 large red bell pepper, roasted
5 tbsp light sour cream
1 1/2 tsp garam masala
Salt

Directions:
Wash the chicken and pat it dry. Place it in a glass bowl, add some salt and lemon juice and gently mix. Marinate for at least 1 hour.
Cut the red bell peppers in fourths and coat with oil. Roast on a skillet, open flame or broil in the oven till the skin is charred. Once skin in charred, place roasted pepper in ziploc bag till it is cooled. Peel the blackened skin and chop the roasted bell pepper into squares or strips.
With a mortar and pestle, make a paste with the ginger and garlic (or use a blender).
Heat oil in a large pan. Add the chopped onion and cook until light brown.
Add the ginger-garlic paste and cook until paste has fried for about a minute.
Stir in the salt, chile powder and the coriander powder.
Add the tomatoes and cook covered until the tomatoes softened.
Remove the chicken from the marinade. Discard the liquid.
Add the chicken pieces to the pan and toss. Cook the chicken till they start browning on both sides.
Add chicken broth (or water), cover and simmer until the chicken is cooked through and tender – about 10-20 minutes.
Uncover and add the roasted bell peppers and cook for another 5-7 minutes. Increase the heat and boil off and reduce the liquid in the pan.
Switch off the heat.
Add the sour cream and the garam masala to the pan and slowly stir them in to finish off the dish.

Submitter: 
Sarah
Description: 
When I was in London, I was amazed at the amount of Indian cuisine offered. Wanting to semi-recreate the deliciousness I had there without too many fussy ingredients, I I concocted this delicious Indian chicken dish. If you want to test out garam masala for the first time, this is a great recipe for you. I served this with rice and peas.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
