URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62858748/seared-salmon-with-baby-greens-and-peach-salsa-vinaigrette/
Title:
Seared Salmon with Baby Greens and Peach Salsa Vinaigrette Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/683866.jpg
Ingredients:
4 salmon Fillets with skin, about 4-6 oz each
Salt and pepper
1-2 tbsp Olive oil
4 cups of mixed baby greens
Peach Salsa Vinaigrette:
2 tbsp balsamic vinegar
2 tbsp lime or lemon juice
1 tbsp honey or agave nectar
6 tbsp olive oil
5 tbsp minced shallot or red onion
1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced
3 large cloves garlic or 6 small cloves
1 tsp cumin
1 ripe peach or mango, cut in 1/4 inch dice
1 medium tomato
1/4 tsp salt
3 tbsp chopped cilantro leaves

Directions:
To make the vinaigrette, in a medium bowl, combine the vinegar, lime juice, honey or agave and oil. Whisk until oil is emulsified.
Add the shallot or red onion, jalapeno pepper, garlic, cumin, peach or mango, tomato, salt and cilantro. Stir to combine then set aside.
Preheat oven to 350. Season salmon with salt and pepper.
Heat oil in a oven-proof skillet at medium-high(cast iron works great).
Add salmon, flesh side down, and sear until a golden brown crust forms, about 3-5 minutes.
Carefully slide a spatula under each fillet and turn over so skin side is now down. Transfer skillet to the oven and finish cooking, about 6-8 minutes or until salmon is almost opaque throughout, but still moist.
Divide baby greens among 4 plates. Carefully lift the salmon fillets, leaving the skin on the skillet, and place one fillet at the center of each plate. Whisk the vinaigrette and generously spoon it over the fish and greens.

Submitter: 
Ace
Description: 
By transforming a peach salsa into a sweet, spicy vinaigrette, you have both a sauce for the fish and a dressing for the leafy greens. You can also substitute mango for the peach.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
32 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
