URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62852095/shrimp-toast-puffs-with-two-sauces/
Title:
Shrimp Toast Puffs with Two Sauces Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/680700.jpg
Ingredients:
Puffs:
1 pound peeled and deveined medium shrimp
2 bacon slices, diced
1/3 cup finely chopped green onions
1 1/2 teaspoons bottled ground fresh ginger (such as Spice World)
1 cup all-purpose flour (about 4 1/2 ounces)
1 cup water
3 tablespoons butter
1/2 teaspoon sugar
2 large egg whites
1 large egg
Cooking spray
Soy-garlic sauce:
1/4 cup low-sodium soy sauce
2 tablespoons finely chopped green onion tops
2 tablespoons seasoned rice vinegar
1 teaspoon hot chili sauce with garlic (such as KA-ME)
1/2 teaspoon dark sesame oil
Sweet chili sauce:
6 tablespoons sweet chili garlic sauce (such as Taste of Asia)
4 teaspoons seasoned rice vinegar

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425°.
To prepare puffs, place shrimp in a food processor; pulse until finely chopped.
Cook bacon in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat until crisp. Remove bacon from pan, reserving 2 teaspoons drippings in pan (reserve bacon for another use). Add shrimp to reserved drippings in pan, and saute 3 minutes. Add 1/3 cup green onions to pan; saute 1 minute. Stir in ginger.
Lightly spoon flour into a dry measuring cup; level with a knife. Combine 1 cup water, butter, and sugar in a large heavy saucepan; bring to a boil, stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon. Reduce heat to low; add flour, stirring well until mixture is smooth and pulls away from sides of pan. Remove from heat. Add egg whites and egg, 1 at a time; beat with a mixer at medium speed until smooth. Gently stir in shrimp mixture.
Drop dough by level tablespoons, 2 inches apart, onto baking sheets coated with cooking spray. Bake at 425° for 10 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 350° (do not remove puffs from oven); bake an additional 10 minutes or until browned and crisp.
To prepare the soy-garlic sauce, combine soy sauce and next 4 ingredients (through oil) in a small bowl, stirring with a whisk.
To prepare sweet chili sauce, combine chili garlic sauce and 4 teaspoons vinegar in a small bowl, stirring with a whisk. Serve sauces with shrimp puffs.

Submitter: 
madrileña
Description: 
From Cooking light 2009 Annual Cookbook
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
