URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62854979/amazing-cajun-fried-rice/
Title:
Amazing Cajun Fried Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/682038.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup uncooked long-grain rice
2 cups chicken broth
1 lb. skinned and boned chicken thighs
1 1/2 tsp Creole seasoning, divided (aka Tony Chachere's)
2 tbsp vegetable oil
1/2 pound smoked sausage, sliced
1/2 small onion, chopped
1/2 bell pepper, chopped
2 garlic cloves, chopped
1 cup frozen sliced okra, thawed
3 plum tomatoes, chopped
2 green onions, sliced (green part only)

Directions:
1. Cook rice according to package directions, substituting chicken broth for water. Spread cooked rice in a thin layer on a baking sheet. Let cool 30 minutes or until completely cool.
2. Cut chicken thighs into 1-inch pieces, and toss with 1 tsp. Creole seasoning.
3. Cook chicken in hot oil in a large skillet over medium heat 3 minutes; add sausgae, and cook 3 to 4 minutes or until lightly browned,  Add onion, bell pepper, and garlic, and cook 5 minutes or until onion is tender.  Stir in okra and remaining 1/2 tsp. Creole seasoning.  Increase heat to high; add rice, and cook, stirring constantly, 4 minutes or until thoroughly heated. Stir in tomatoes. Sprinkle with sliced green onions, and serve immediately.
Note:  Adjust Creole seasoning to your taste. I used less than called for.  I also used frozen Season Blend instead of the onion and bell pepper called for.  When I couldn't find skinned, boned-chicken thighs, I bought regular thighs and skilled and boned it myself. Don't recommend it.  Takes too long.  This is supposed to be a quick meal.  Next time I'll use skinned, boned chicken breast.

Submitter: 
davetaylor77
Description: 
This is a recipe that my Grandmother from Louisiana has been making for years. Great for Pot Luck and any occassion. People will be coming back for seconds.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
