URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62864212/grilled-steak-burgers/
Title:
Grilled Steak Burgers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
BURGERS
8tablespoons unsalted butter
2 garlic cloves, minced
2teaspoons onion powder
1teaspoon pepper
1/2teaspoon salt
2teaspoons soy sauce
1 1/2pounds 90 percent lean ground sirloin
4 hamburger buns
STEAK SAUCE
2tablespoons tomato paste
2/3cup beef broth
1/3cup raisins
2tablespoons soy sauce
2tablespoons Dijon mustard
2tablespoons balsamic vinegar
1tablespoon Worcestershire sauce

Directions:
1. Melt butter in 8-inch skillet over medium-low heat. Add garlic, onion powder, pepper, and salt and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Pour all but 1 tablespoon butter mixture into bowl and let cool slightly, about 5 minutes.
2.Meanwhile, add tomato paste to skillet and cook over medium heat until paste begins to darken, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in broth, raisins, soy sauce, mustard, vinegar, and Worcestershire and simmer until raisins plump, about 5 minutes. Process sauce in blender until smooth, about 30 seconds; transfer to bowl.
3.Add 5 tablespoons cooled butter mixture and soy sauce to ground beef and gently knead until well combined. Shape into four ¾-inch-thick patties and press shallow divot in center of each. Brush each patty all over with 1 tablespoon steak sauce. Combine remaining 2 tablespoons cooled butter mixture with 2 tablespoons steak sauce; set aside.
4A. For a charcoal grill: Open bottom vent completely. Light large chimney starter filled with charcoal briquettes (6 quarts). When top coals are partially covered with ash, pour evenly over grill. Set cooking grate in place, cover, and open lid vent completely. Heat grill until hot, about 5 minutes.
4B. For a gas grill: Turn all burners to high, cover, and heat grill until hot, about 15 minutes. Leave burners on high.
5. Clean and oil cooking grate. Grill burgers (covered if using gas) until meat registers 120 to 125 degrees (for medium-rare), 3 to 4 minutes per side, or 130 to 135 degrees (for medium), 4 to 5 minutes per side. Transfer burgers to plate, tent loosely with aluminum foil, and let rest 5 to 10 minutes. Brush cut side of buns with butter–steak sauce mixture. Grill buns, cut side down, until golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Place burgers on buns. Serve with remaining steak sauce.

Submitter: 
Lisa Harmon
Description: 
We wanted a burger with the big beefy flavor and crusty char of a grilled steak. Ground sirloin, the most flavorful ground beef, was a natural choice, but unfortunately it’s also quite lean. A seasoned butter added richness to the sirloin, but something was missing. Steak sauce! In about five minutes, we simmered up our own intensely flavored sauce, perfect for serving with the burger, smearing on the bun, and even mixing into the beef before cooking.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
