URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62862259/chicken-diane/
Title:
Chicken Diane Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/692507.jpg
Ingredients:
For potatoes
1 tbs olive oil
12oz potatoes, pealed cut into cubes
30g unsalted butter
1 shallot finely chopped
2 Large garlic cloves, finely chopped
1 teaspoons of rosemary
For Diane sauce
1 tbs olive oil
30g unsalted butter
1 shallot, finely chopped
2 Large garlic cloves, finely chopped
1 cup of mushrooms
2 tsp Dijon mustard
2 tbs Worcestershire sauce
1/4 (65ml) brandy
1/2 cup (125ml) good-quality chicken stock
1/2 cup (125ml) heavy cream
1 tsp lemon juice
1\4 tsp lemon zest
1 tbs parsley, dried
For Pan Frying Chicken
1 chicken breast fillet cut in half without skin
1 tbs olive oil

Directions:
For The Potatoes: Parboil the potatoes in boiling salted water for 4-5 minutes. Drain the potatoes. Saute Potatoes with olive oil, butter, onions, and rosemary in a fry pan til golden, Then add the garlic and cook for 1 min more. At this point you can pop the pan into the oven to keep the potatoes warm.
For the sauce: saute, onions, mushrooms in a fry pan until the moisture on the mushrooms are reduced and they turn golden brown. Add garlic, add brandy, then Flambé, add chicken broth and cream. Simmer for 5-10 mins, add lemon juice, and lemon zest.
For The Chicken: When your reducing the sauce you can fry the chicken breasts that have been halved. Brown up both sides of the chicken in olive oil. Since the chicken has been halved 5 mins on each side and it should be done.
At this point you can add the chicken to your Diane sauce pan for a few mins or just plate.
Top the chicken with your Diane sauce. Plate your potatoes I like the sauce so much I put some over the potatoes also.
Top chicken with chopped parsley.

Submitter: 
Mark Farmer
Description: 
Chicken DianeModified from: Chicken Diane Style
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
