URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62867872/salsa-roja-chicken/
Title:
Salsa Roja Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1-1/2 lbs. Boneless, skinless Chicken Breasts, cut
into six each 4-ounce portions (or you may use    Chicken Thighs)
Flour for dredging, seasoned with salt & pepper to taste
Olive Oil or Canola oil for cooking
1 T. Chile powder
1/2 tsp. Cumin powder
1 cup tomato Salsa, your favorite store-brand or homemade
1 15-oz can diced Tomatoes (You may use "Fire roasted")
2 T. Freshly squeezed Lime Juice
1/2 cup Chicken Stock
1 Corn Tortilla, chopped into 1/2" squares
1 cup fresh Cilantro, chopped (stems removed)
3 ounces crumbled Mexican Cotija cheese
Additional 1 ounce of crumbled Cotija
Optional: 1 medium Avocado, chopped
Optional:  Sour cream for garnish

Directions:
Pound chicken pieces to a thickness of 1/2".
Dredge chicken in the seasoned flour.
Add enough Olive or Canola oil to a large fry pan to coat bottom of pan, heat on medium high.  Turn  heat to medium. Add chicken pieces to pan, cook about 5-6 min. until bottom of chicken is golden brown.
Flip pieces to uncooked side, cook about 4 minutes.
Add Chile powder, Cumin, Salsa, and Tomatoes to pan. Cook over medium heat 2 or 3 minutes.
Add Chicken stock and Lime juice.  Stir to blend.
Remove chicken pieces to serving platter.
Add Tortilla pieces and Cotija cheese to pan and simmer 1 minute.
Top the Chicken pieces with the sauce and place on serving platter.
Sprinkle additional crumbled Cotija cheese over all.
Garnish with Avocado and/or sour cream, if desired.

Submitter: 
Sherbg
Description: 
Quick pan-seared chicken breasts served with salsa, cotija cheese and cilantro for a wonderful south of the border taste.  The whole family loves this!  Easy and quick, serve with Mexican rice and a tossed green salad.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
12 min
Ready in:
30 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
