URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62865382/grilled-mexican-zucchini-boats/
Title:
Grilled Mexican Zucchini Boats Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/687598.jpg
Ingredients:
6 medium zucchinis
1 Tablespoon olive oil
1 teaspoon cumin
1/2 teaspoon chili powder
1 teaspoon paprika
salt and pepper to taste
3 cloves fresh garlic minced
5 green onions chopped, white and green parts
1 jalapeno, seeds removed and finely chopped
1 green bell pepper chopped
1 can diced tomatoes with green chilies (ex:Rotel)
1 medium tomato diced
1 can black beans drained and rinsed
1 cup Panko bread crumbs
2 cups sharp cheddar cheese shredded (reserve 1/2 cup for topping after grilled)
1/4 cup chopped cilantro

Directions:
Prepare grill for medium indirect heat, about 350 degrees.
Slice zucchinis in half lengthwise and then using a spoon, or a melon baller, scoop out the flesh, leaving a 1/2 inch wall so they won't collapse on the grill. Keep about 1/3 of the pulp for filling. You don't need all the pulp you scrape out for this recipe.
In a medium sauce pan on medium heat, saute the garlic, onions, zucchini pulp, bell pepper and jalapeño, about 3 minutes. Salt and pepper to taste. Add the canned and regular tomato and black beans, cumin, chili powder and paprika. Cook another 2 - 3 minutes until well heated and starts to bubble.
Remove pot from heat and dump in metal colander and let sit until all the liquid drains out.
In a bowl mix the bread crumbs and 1 1/2 cups of the cheese and completely drained filling, set aside.
Salt and pepper the zucchini boats to taste and oil the grill. Place the boats flesh side down on the grill on the indirect side of heat for about 8-10 minutes to precook just a bit.
Remove zucchini and place on a grill cooking pan (the kind with holes to allow heat to come up) Fill the boats with filling mixture. Place back on the grill over indirect heat and close the lid.
Cook until zucchini is tender and topping golden brown, about 20 to 30 minutes depending on how large the zucchini is.
Remove from grill and immediately sprinkle with remaining cheese and cilantro. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
*Sherri*
Description: 
Zucchini boats are nothing new and there are many recipes for them. I wanted to make a Mexican filling and wanted to cook them on the grill to keep from having to heat up house with an oven. Besides zucchini just taste better on the grill. My son says he could eat the filling all by itself!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 mintues
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
