URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62863106/jans-holiday-dinner-rolls/
Title:
Jan's Holiday Dinner Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Makes 24 rolls
5-6 Cups bread flour
1 tablespoons instant yeast
1 tablespoon sea salt
2-3 tablespoons sugar (use 2 tbsp if you prefer a less sweet dinner roll)
1/2 cup unsalted butter, melted
2 cups warm milk (Soy also works well and is what I use)
3 tablespoons vital wheat gluten (not necessary but recommended for a fluffy roll.)

Directions:
Place all ingredients in the bread machine in the manufacturer's suggested order but begin with only using about 5 cups flour.
Select the dough cycle. Push start.
Once the ingredients have incorporated well decide if you need to add more flour.  Add additional flour about 1/4 cup at a time until the dough pulls together, away from the sides of the pan and forms a ball that moves freely but keeps a round shape.  You may not need all of the flour.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees.  Use two 9x13 baking pans coated with oil or butter.
Remove the dough from machine to a lightly oiled surface.
Divide dough in two equal portions.
Roll dough for a moment to degas.
Let dough rest 5 minutes, covered.
Portion each dough ball into 12 individual roll portions. Roll around while cupping your hand so the dough forms a tight ball.
Place in 4 rows of 3 in the prepared pan.
Cover and set in a warm, draft free place to rise until double.
Bake uncovered for about 25 to 30 minutes or until tops are nicely browned and rolls sound hollow when tapped.
Remove from oven and brush with some additional melted butter if desired.

Submitter: 
What's for dinner, mom?
Description: 
These rolls are a holiday favorite at our house.  Just right for dipping in gravy, slathering with butter or as is right out of the oven.  They are very easy to freeze ahead and they reheat perfectly!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
