URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62861588/shepherds-pie-on-crack/
Title:
Shepherd's Pie on Crack Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 red pepper
2 Tablespoon olive oil
1 medium white onion (cut up)
4 cloves garlic (chopped)
5 Tablespoons butter
2 cups grated carrots
1/4 cup milk
1 cup chopped bacon
1 Tablespoon vegetable oil
1/4 cup green onion
1/2 Tablespoon sage
1 cup white wine
2 lbs ground beef
5 Tablespoons Worcestershire sauce
1/2 canned peas
7 medium potatoes
1/2 Tablespoon dill
1/4 cup cream cheese
1/4 cup milk
2 cups of grated cheddar cheese
salt and pepper

Directions:
Preheat oven to 420 F.
Cut red pepper in half.  Remove the core.  Brush with olive oil.  Place each piece directly on the rack in the oven (have a pan underneath to catch the drippings).  Cook for 10 minutes, then turn each one over and cook for another 10 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool. Decrease the oven temperature to 350 F.
Melt butter in pan.  Then put 2 cloves of garlic and onions into the butter and saute until the onions are tender and slightly brown (about 5 minutes).  Then add the carrots and cook until soft (about 7 minutes).  Add the milk and cook for another 2 minutes.  Remove from heat and let cool slightly.
Cut up the red pepper into small pieces.
Heat oil in a pan.  Then put in bacon and cook for 5 minutes.  Then add the green onion, 2 cloves of garlic, red pepper, and sage and cook for 5 minutes.  Then add the white wine.  Then add the meat and cook until no longer pink.  Mix in the peas, salt, pepper, and Worcestershire sauce and remove from heat.
Peel the potatoes, cut up, and add to cold water.  Bring to a boil.  Drain water.  Add dill, cream cheese, and milk and mash together.
Put the carrot mixture in a blender and blend into a puree.
In a baking dish add hamburger meat, then the carrot mixture, then the mashed potatoes, and the cheese.  Bake for 20 minutes.

Submitter: 
Bobbie Susan
Description: 
I was inspired one day and this is what came out of it.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
