URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62865687/spaghetti-carbonara-ii/
Title:
Spaghetti Carbonara II Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound spaghetti
1 tablespoon olive oil
8 slices bacon, diced
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 onion, chopped
1 clove garlic, minced
1/4 cup dry white wine (optional)
4 eggs
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1 pinch salt and black pepper to taste
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese

Directions:
In a large pot of boiling salted water, cook spaghetti pasta until al dente. Drain well. Toss with 1 tablespoon of olive oil, and set aside.
Meanwhile in a large skillet, cook chopped bacon until slightly crisp; remove and drain onto paper towels. Reserve 2 tablespoons of bacon fat; add remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, and heat in reused large skillet. Add chopped onion, and cook over medium heat until onion is translucent. Add minced garlic, and cook 1 minute more. Add wine if desired; cook one more minute.
Return cooked bacon to pan; add cooked and drained spaghetti. Toss to coat and heat through, adding more olive oil if it seems dry or is sticking together. Add beaten eggs and cook, tossing constantly with tongs or large fork until eggs are barely set.  Quickly add 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese, and toss again.  Add salt and pepper to taste (remember that bacon and Parmesan are very salty).
Serve immediately  with chopped parsley sprinkled on top, and extra Parmesan cheese at table.
This is almost exactly my recipe for carbonara ingredient wise. I mix the eggs, parmesan and spices together first and let this sit however. Once the bacon is cooked I remove most of the fat add the onion and garlic and saute adding the wine at the end. The bacon mixture is then poured into the hot pasta and mixed quickly followed by the egg mixture. It is absolutely delicious and my friends say its the best they have ever had. I have made this hundreds of times and NEVER had a problem with the egggs not cooking so the previous reviewer can rest easy. The pasta needs to be hot, right from the colander. Enjoy this one. Its a winner.

Submitter: 
TonySedona
Description: 
Crispy bacon and sauteed onions and garlic are tossed with cooked spaghetti, beaten eggs and a generous measure of Parmesan cheese. The heat from the pan and the hot pasta will cook the eggs and melt the cheese. Garnish with parsley and extra cheese.Modified from: Spaghetti Carbonara II
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
