URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62862621/fabulous-lasagna/
Title:
Fabulous lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound of lean ground beef, ground pork or mild Italian sausage
1/2 cup chopped onion
3 garlic cloves, minced – use only 1 clove if using the sauce mentioned in the shortcut method below
14.5 oz can of whole tomatoes, un-drained and cut up or pureed in a blender (*)
14.5 oz can of tomato sauce (*)
1 each 187 ml mini bottle of merlot or cabernet wine, optional but the best flavor is achieved if it is added
1 tsp of dried basil, crushed with a mortar and pestle
1 tsp of dried oregano, crushed with a mortar and pestle
½ tsp celery salt
1/4 tsp freshly ground black pepper
1-½ cups of ricotta cheese or small curd cottage cheese or ¾ cup of each
1 beaten egg
6 each whole grain lasagna noodles. Do not use the no-boil type of noodles.
2/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, divided
2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese, divided
* Shortcut method: use a 24 oz jar of prepared spaghetti sauce in place of the tomato products. My favorite is the Fire Roasted Tomato & Garlic variety of the Classico brand.

Directions:
In a 4 quart pot, sauté the onion and garlic in olive oil over low heat till the onions are tender. Remove the veggies from the pot and set aside. Add the meat option to the pot and sauté till the meat is no longer pink. Allow the meat to cool then crumble the meat into small pieces with your hands. Stir in the tomato products, the sautéed veggies, the wine and all of the spices or the jar of spaghetti sauce. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low and slowly simmer uncovered for ~ 30 minutes. Don’t let the sauce get to be very thick otherwise the lasagna will be dry. Add more water if the sauce is too thick. Cover and set aside after the cooking is complete. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees (F).
Boil the lasagna noodles according to package directions. Drain, rinse with cold water and place on wax paper in a single layer till ready to use. I spray the wax paper with olive oil before placing the cooked noodles on.
Mix together the egg, ricotta cheese or cottage cheese with 1/3 cup of the Parmesan cheese in a bowl. Most people prefer cottage cheese over ricotta cheese.
Arrange 3 noodles at the bottom of a 2 quart rectangular glass baking dish and spread 1/2 of the cheese mixture over the noodles. Then spread 1/2 of the meat sauce mix over the noodles and 1 cup of the mozzarella cheese. Top that with the other 3 noodles, the remaining cheese mixture and sauce while reserving the remaining mozzarella cheese. Sprinkle the remaining 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese over the top, cover and bake for 45 minutes in a preheated 350 degree oven. After the initial bake time, remove the foil cover, sprinkle the 2 cups mozzarella cheese on top and bake 5 - 10 minutes, uncovered, or till the cheese is melted and lightly browned.
Remove from the oven and allow to rest for 10 minutes.

Submitter: 
Dale
Description: 
Well worth the time to make this gourmet lasagna.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1/2 h
Ready in:
2 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
