URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62864215/sweet-potato-salad/
Title:
Sweet Potato Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2pounds sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 3/4-inch pieces
1 red bell pepper, stemmed, seeded, and cut into 1/2-inch pieces
2tablespoons cider vinegar
1tablespoon Dijon mustard
Salt and pepper
1/8teaspoon cayenne pepper
5slices bacon, chopped
3tablespoons vegetable oil
3 scallions, sliced thin

Directions:
1. Fill Dutch oven with 1 inch water. Bring water to boil. Place steamer basket in Dutch oven and fill with sweet potatoes. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook, covered, until potatoes are nearly tender, 16 to 20 minutes. Add bell pepper and cook, covered, until sweet potatoes and pepper are tender, 2 to 4 minutes. Drain vegetables and rinse with cold water until cool, about 2 minutes. Drain again briefly and transfer to large bowl.
2. Combine vinegar, mustard, ½ teaspoon salt, ¼ teaspoon pepper, and cayenne in bowl. Transfer half of vinegar mixture to small bowl and microwave until steaming, about 30 seconds. Drizzle hot vinegar mixture over vegetables and gently toss until evenly coated. Set at room temperature until flavors meld, about 15 minutes.
3. Meanwhile, cook bacon in 10-inch skillet over medium heat until crisp, 6 to 8 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer bacon to paper towel–lined plate. Slowly whisk oil into remaining vinegar mixture until thoroughly incorporated.
4. Pour dressing over vegetables and gently toss until evenly coated. Stir in bacon and scallions. Cover and refrigerate until chilled, about 30 minutes. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve. (Salad can be refrigerated for up to 2 days.)

Submitter: 
Lisa Harmon
Description: 
For a light, bright-tasting sweet potato salad, we had to rethink our typical potato salad protocol. Unlike their starchy white counterparts, sweet potatoes  quickly become waterlogged and turn to mush when they are boiled. Instead, we steamed the sweet potatoes and shocked them with cold water to stop the cooking. To infuse flavor into the now cold potatoes, we marinated them with a heated seasoned vinegar. And a final toss with vinaigrette and accompaniments like bacon and scallion left our salad shining.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1.5 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
