URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62863233/roasted-venison-with-fresh-cranberry-sauce/
Title:
Roasted Venison with Fresh Cranberry Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Bone-in venison roast, either shoulder or rump, ~8—10#
1/2 c butter or reserved bacon fat
1/4 c chopped fresh cilantro or celery leaves
2 TB minced garlic
1-1/2 tsp dried or 1 TB chopped fresh sage leaves
1-1/2 tsp dried or 1 TB chopped fresh basil
Kosher salt and fresh ground black pepper to taste
2-1/2 c finely chopped onions, separated
6 oz (half package) fresh cranberries
2 c fresh orange juice
3 c beef stock
1/2 c red currant, strawberry or cherry jelly (not jam!)
1/4 c sherry, preferably Oloroso

Directions:
Preheat oven to 450°F. Cook cilantro, 1/2 c onion, sage and basil in butter or bacon fat over low to medium heat until wilted but not browned.  Meanwhile,  season venison with salt and pepper to taste, spreading garlic over the meat with your hands.  Place roast in pan and pour herb mixture over it, spreading it evenly over the roast with your hands.  Roast for 20 minutes, then reduce the temperature to 325ºF.
Add the remainder of the onions, the orange juice and the fresh cranberries to the pan.  Continue to roast, basting frequently, until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the meat reads approximately 140ºF — usually this means about 12 minutes per pound.  Remove the roast from the pan and cover to keep it warm while you prepare the sauce.
Set the roasting pan over medium-high heat and deglaze it with the beef stock.  Boil it, scraping up all of the lovely brown bits on the bottom, and reduce it by half.  If there is any fat left in the pan, skim it off before adding the jelly and sherry.  Boil this for about 3 minutes or so until it is slightly thickened; the sauce should evenly coat the back of a spoon when you’re done.  Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Carve the roast into neat, thin slices and serve with the sauce.

Submitter: 
The Magpie
Description: 
...Because there's so much more to venison than tenderloins or burger.  Many people don't realize that venison can be roasted successfully without making it tough or leathery; the key is to provide some of the fat that this extra-lean meat doesn't usually contain, and to sear the meat first before following it up with a slow roast at lower heat.  I hope you enjoy it!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
