URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62863752/pad-thai/
Title:
Pad Thai Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
5 ounces steak strips, chicken strips or shrimp
1/2 tablespoon red Thai curry powder
1 (7-ounce) package rice stick noodles
1/2 cup vegetable oil
2 eggs
1 teaspoon minced garlic
1/2 cup Asian sweet red chili sauce
3 tablespoons oyster sauce
1 tablespoon tamarind paste
1 generous pinch salt
1 1/2 tablespoons white sugar
4 basil leaves, chopped
1/4 cup chopped chives
Garnish:
1 cup shredded or julienned carrots
1 cup thinly sliced purple cabbage
2 cups bean sprouts
1 cup chopped peanuts
1 lime, cut into 6 wedges
Spicy chili sauce, optional

Directions:
Put the sliced steak, chicken, or shrimp in a resealable container and shake with Red Curry powder until the meat is thoroughly coated. Refrigerate for 30 minutes, to marinate.
Meanwhile soak all the noodles in cold water for 30 minutes. Bring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat. When the water comes to a boil add the noodles and cook for 3 minutes.
While the noodles are cooking, heat the vegetable oil in a wok, over medium-high heat. Using a pair of tongs, remove the noodles from the boiling water and allow them to drain of any water over the top of the pot, and then carefully put them into wok and stir.
Crack 2 unbeaten eggs directly into the wok along with the garlic, and stir until the egg is incorporated. Push the noodles to the rear portion of the wok and add the seasoned strip steak. Sear the meat for 1 minute, then turn and sear the other side for 1 minute. Mix the noodles back into the center of the wok along with the meat, and then add the sweet chili sauce, oyster sauce, tamarind, sugar, and a generous pinch of salt. Cook for 2 minutes, stirring. Stir in the basil and chives and remove from heat. Divide the noodles into 2 to 3 portions on serving plates.
Garnish each serving with carrots, cabbage, sprouts, chopped peanuts, wedges of lime and spicy chili sauce, if desired.

Submitter: 
Nancy Miller
Description: 
Perfect.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
