URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62877282/south-of-the-border-eggplant-parm/
Title:
South of the Border Eggplant "Parm" Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 large eggplant
2 cups bread crumbs
1 tsp chili powder
1 tsp ground coriander
1 tsp Mexican oregano
1/2 tsp Applewood smoked salt
1 tsp cilantro powder (or 1 Tbsp dried cilantro)
1 Tbsp cumin
2 eggs
1/2 cup water or milk
1 Tbsp olive oil
4 roma tomatoes, seeded and chopped (about 2 cups)
1 or 2 jalapenos, seeded and chopped
1 Anaheim chili, seeded and chopped
1 medium onion, diced (about 1 cup)
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 Tbsp lime juice
1/4 cup chopped cilantro
1 8 oz can tomato sauce (about 1 cup)
8 slices pepperjack cheese
2 cups shredded cheddar (or Mexican blend)
1 cup sour cream
1 avocado
1 Tbsp lime juice
1/2 cup chopped cilantro
Salt & pepper to taste

Directions:
Cut eggplant into 1/2" or so slices.  Salt and lay on paper towels to drain bitter juices for about 30 minutes, turning once.  If desired, rinse excess salt and pat dry.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
Whisk eggs and water/milk in large shallow bowl; in a separate bowl, combine bread crumbs, chili powder, coriander, cumin, oregano, smoked salt, dried cilantro and cumin.
Lightly grease large baking sheet.  Dip each slice of eggplant into egg mixture, then seasoned bread crumb mixture; if desired, repeat for a thicker coating.  Place each slice on baking sheet.  Bake for 10 minutes; turn over each slice and bake an additional 10 minutes.  Remove from oven.
Meanwhile, heat 1 Tbsp oil in skillet; add onions and saute 3 to 4 minutes; add peppers and garlic and saute another 2 or 3 minutes.  Add chopped tomatoes and sauce; reduce heat and simmer 10 minutes.  Finish with 1/4 cup cilantro, and season to taste with salt and pepper.
Layer eggplant slices in 13 x 9 greased baking pan.  Top with tomato mixture, then pepperjack slices and shredded cheese.
Bake 15 to 20 minutes, or until cheese is bubbly and slightly browned.
Mix sour cream, avocado, 1 Tbsp lime juice and 1/2 cup cilantro.  Serve with eggplant.
Note:  You can also fry the breaded eggplant slices in oil in skillet, if desired.

Submitter: 
ChristineM
Description: 
If Eggplant Parmesan went on vacation to Mexico, this is what I think it would come back as!  Slices of eggplant dipped in seasoned bread crumbs and baked (or fried), then topped with a jalapeno spiked sauce, pepperjack and cheddar cheese and baked.  Served with a cilantro and avocado sour cream.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
60
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
