URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62871384/ginger-cheesecake/
Title:
Ginger Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/689733.jpg
Ingredients:
1 lb. cream cheese, at room temperature
1/2 tsp. vanilla extract
4 eggs
1/2 cup granulated sugar
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
1/4 cup molasses
4 tbsp. butter, softened
1 tsp. ground ginger
1 tsp. cinnamon
1/4 tsp. fresh nutmeg, grated
1/8 tsp. ground cloves
1/4 tsp. salt
1/2 cup light brown sugar
1 1/2 tsp. baking soda
1 cup flour

Directions:
Heat the oven to 350 degrees. Butter a 9-inch springform pan.
In a mixer bowl, beat the cream cheese on high speed until light and smooth, about 3 minutes. With the mixer on, beat in the vanilla extract. Add two of the eggs, 1 at a time, beating until thoroughly blended.
Gradually add the granulated sugar and beat until the mixture is light and fluffy, about 3 minutes; set aside.
In a medium saucepan, heat the molasses over low heat until bubbles begin to form around the sides.
Remove from the heat and stir in the butter, 1 tbsp. at a time, until completely blended.
Scrape the molasses into a medium bowl and stir in the ginger, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves and salt. Add the brown sugar and beat with a wooden spoon until smooth.
Let cool to room temperature.
Beat the remaining 2 eggs into the gingerbread batter, 1 at a time, until well blended.
Stir in the baking soda, and then beat in the flour in 3 batches until completely incorporated.
Using a tbsp., drop half the gingerbread batter in spoonfuls into the prepared pan.
Use one-fourth of the reserved cream cheese mixture to fill in the empty spaces. Dollop the remaining gingerbread batter on top of the cream cheese mounds.
Fill in with another one-fourth of the cream cheese mixture. Swirl with the flat edge of a knife to marbleize the batters (be careful not to over mix).
Smooth the remaining cream cheese mixture over the top. Bake in the middle of the oven for 50 minutes, or until the top of the cake begins to crack.
Let cool to room temperature. Remove the sides of the springform pan, cover and refrigerate.
Serve chilled.

Submitter: 
Jill Sander
Description: 
At a glance
Main Ingredient
Cheese
Butter
Cinnamon
Vanilla
Cooking Method
Bake
Refigerate
Difficulty
Easy
Moderate
Course/Dish
Cheesecake
It's not the gingerbread man, but it is the next best thing. This ginger-flavored cheesecake is like a combination of two great desserts. It does the trick as satisfying a sweet tooth.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
1 hr 30 min
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
