URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62872077/savory-garlic-pork-chops/
Title:
Savory Garlic Pork Chops Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/690040.jpg
Ingredients:
FOR THE MARINADE/BRINE:
1 TBSP whole peppercorns
1 cup boiling water
3/4 cup kosher salt
2 TBSP brown sugar
1 TBSP minced garlic
1 tsp ground mustard
1 cup balsamic vinegar
1 TBSP lemon juice
1/2 cup olive oil
Ice (optional)
2 8-oz boneless pork chops
.
FOR THE PAN:
2 TBSP olive oil
1 TBSP garlic
1 tsp ground pepper
1/4 tsp chili powder

Directions:
Crack about half of the peppercorns.
Add peppercorns, kosher salt, brown sugar, garlic, and mustard to the boiling water.  Mix thoroughly until all dry ingredients are dissolved.
Slowly add vinegar, lemon juice, and olive oil until blended.
Pour mixture into a shallow glass or ceramic dish.
Check the temperature of the mixture.  If it is hotter than luke warm, add ice to bring down the temperature.
Add pork chops to the marinade, cover, and marinate at room temperature for 2 hours, turning occasionally.
In a frying pan, heat the remaining garlic, olive oil, pepper, and chili powder over medium-high heat until thoroughly heated.
Remove pork chops from the marinade and add to the pan.  Cook for two minutes, flip, and cook for two more minutes.
Flip the pork chops again, turn pan down to simmering temperature (one step above low heat) and cover.
Check pork chops every 5 minutes for doneness.  If they aren't done, flip them, cover, and wait five more minutes.  It usually takes about 10-15 minutes, but the exact cooking time will depend on the thickness of the chops, as well as the type of pan you are using.  The chops will be done when the juices run clear, or a meat thermometer reads 160 degrees when placed in the thickest part of the meat.

Submitter: 
June Brown
Description: 
If you prefer savory pork chops instead of sweet ones, give this recipe a try.  It has a good garlic flavor with just a hint of kick from the chile powder.  The marinade is designed to brine and marinate the meat at the same time, producing a more tender result.  Don't let the cooking time scare you: these are very easy to make, and require very little attention on your part.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
2.5 h
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
