URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62871892/bison-chili-from-scratch/
Title:
Bison Chili from scratch Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 lb dried red beans
1/4 cup bison suet (or vegetable oil)
1 large onion, diced
6 garlic cloves, minced
1 and 1/2 lbs cubed grass-fed bison
8 medium tomatoes, chopped small, with liquid
2-3 tbsp red pepper flakes
1-2 tsp chili powder
4 tsp ground cumin
1 tsp sea salt
1 tsp ground white pepper
3 tsp dried oregano
1 tsp paprika
1 cup water
2-3 tbsp mesa flour

Directions:
Rinse beans and soak overnight in 3 quarts cold water.
When starting prep for the chili, drain the beans, add 3 quarts fresh water and bring to boil. Do NOT salt the water, it will make the beans cook slower.  Reduce heat to low and simmer, uncovered, 1-2 hours or until tender.  Drain and set aside.
In 4 quart stock pot, melt suet over medium heat.  Remove any unrendered pieces then add the onion and stir until pieces are softened.  Add the garlic, stir for a minute, then add the meat and cook until browned.
Add tomatoes and their liquid, stir through.  Assemble the spices in a small container and stir to mix.  Add the spices and stir through.  Add the water and stir gently a few times while bringing to a boil.
Reduce heat to low and simmer, uncovered, 1 hour.  Taste and adjust seasoning as desired.
Add the beans and mix through.  Sprinkle 1 tbsp mesa flour on top and gently stir in to achieve a medium-thick consistency.  Cover and simmer on low for 1 hr.
While covered, the steam will have made the chili thin out.  Uncover, stir, and add another tbsp mesa flour.
Continue simmering uncovered on low heat another 60-90 mins , covering or adding a tsp of mesa flour to control consistency.
Variation:  cut the kernels from leftover corn on the cob and add about 1 cup when you add the beans

Submitter: 
Devon
Description: 
Lean grass-fed bison, bold spice blend, slow cooked goodness. An adaptation of a web recipe that approximates the little brown bag spice mix using all-natural ingredients.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
