URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62875610/gluten-free-pasta/
Title:
Gluten Free Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2-1/2 cups gf flour (I used the Gluten-Free Pantry’s French Bread Flour Mix)
1 teaspoon salt
1 Tablespoon olive oil
5 eggs
1 egg yolk *(added during knead if dough is too dry)*

Directions:
Place all the ingredients in a food processor and pulse until the dough is just combined. Dump out the dough onto a lightly gf floured surface and knead several times until the dough is satiny and elastic, about 10 minutes. *This is where the extra egg white would be added.*  Place the dough in a bowl and cover. Let the dough rest for about 30 minutes before proceeding.
Assemble the pasta machine. Start at the lowest setting (usually they will have settings 1 through 6 — 1 being the widest setting). Cut a small chunk off of the rested dough and knead several times. Press the dough out with your hands so that it is fairly flat (about 1/4 inch thickness). Run the dough through the pasta machine.Lightly flour the dough (with gf flour) if it threatens to stick. Guide the dough as it comes out of the machine with a flat hand. Take the pasta and fold into thirds.
Run it through the first press again with the folded edges running perpendicular to the pasta machine. Set the rollers to 2 and run the sheet through the machine.. Keep rolling it through the machine, decreasing the width of the rollers each time, until you get to setting #5. Place the finished sheet of pasta on a baking sheet dusted with cornmeal and cover with plastic wrap. Repeat this process with the remaining dough. Do not lay the sheets of pasta on top of each other or they will stick together. To avoid this problem, lay plastic wrap on top of each layer. Now you are ready to make whatever kind of pasta you would like.

Submitter: 
lucylove
Description: 
From glutenfreeda.com
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
