URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62876752/cinnamon-caramel-blondies/
Title:
Cinnamon Caramel Blondies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/692366.jpg
Ingredients:
2-2/3 cups all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon cinnamon
¼ teaspoon ground nutmeg
2 cups packed brown sugar
1 cup (8 ounces) unsalted butter, at room temperature
2 eggs
1 tablespoon vanilla extract
1 14 oz bag of caramels unwrapped
1/3 cup cream
2 tablespoons granulated sugar
2 teaspoons cinnamon

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease a 9×13-inch baking pan; set aside.
Whisk together the flour, baking powder, salt, cinnamon and nutmeg in a medium bowl; set aside.
Beat together the butter and brown sugar on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add the eggs one at a time, and then the vanilla. Beat, scraping the bowl, until thoroughly combined. On low speed, gradually add the flour mixture until just combined. Give the dough a final stir with a spatula or wooden spoon to make sure the flour is incorporated.
Spread half of the dough evenly into the pan (It is going to be a thick batter so you may need greased spatula to help with this).
Heat the caramels and cream in a saucepan over medium-high heat until thick and melted.
Pour the caramel sauce over the batter.
Distribute the remaining batter as evenly as possible over the caramel. (I found I needed to get my hands dirty for this. I grabbed pieces of dough and flattened it out over the caramel. Do the best you can! If there are areas that aren't totally covered it's OK. It makes it look swirly and cool.)
Combine the granulated sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl and sprinkle evenly over the top of the batter.
Bake for 25-30 minutes or until the surface springs back when gently pressed. Cool completely before cutting. Store in an airtight container at room temperature.

Submitter: 
Gregg Hollander
Description: 
I have to say that this one was culinary magic. These blondies are some of the most delicious things I've ever tasted. They are gooey, chewy, and sweet with a crispy top and crust. The caramel filling is a perfect surprise and the cinnamon sugar is extra special.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
