URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62876761/pasty/
Title:
Pasty Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/692359.jpg
Ingredients:
1 lb of ground beef or beef cut in small chunks
1 Cups Diced Potatoes
1 Cups Diced Carrots
1 Cups Diced rutabaga
1 Cups Diced turnip
1 Cups Diced onion
1 teaspoon of salt (Or beef broth to make it beefy-er)
1 teaspoon of pepper
For The Pasty Pastry
3 cups of flour
1 cup of shortening
1 1/2 teaspoons of salt
3/4 teaspoons of baking powder
3/4 cup of ice water

Directions:
Pasty Pastry: in a large bowl mix flour, salt, and backing powder. cut in shortening or lard with a fork. mixture should resemble course crumbs. add ice water to make a pastry-like dough. gather into a ball wrap in wax paper. refrigerate for 1 hour.
If using beef cut into 1/2 inch cubes
in a bowl toss meat with vegetables, salt or beef broth and pepper.
divide dough into 4 portions, roll out each portion into a 12 inch circles in parchment paper.
place 1/4Th of the mixture on one half of the circle, it should be about an inch high, leaving 1/2 inch at the edges so you can press the shell together.
fold pastry over, you can pull on one side of the parchment paper to help roll over the dough over the other half. press down and seal. if there is excess flour on the pastry you may need to use a small amount of water to help seal the pasty.
You can use a fork to press down on the edges to seal the pasty.
Place the pasty that is on parchment paper onto a baking pan. repeat for the remaining 3 pasties. Put one small hole on the top of the pasty.
bake at 375F for 1 hour.

Submitter: 
Mark Farmer
Description: 
Traditionally Associated with Cornish coal miners, this version of one dish meat pie is popular in the iron and copper mining areas of the northern Minnesota and Michigan. Hot from the oven in the morning, miners would carry them well wrapped into the mines to enjoy still-warm meal at noon. Parties are good served from the oven or cooled to room temperature. When the wives made them they would also include the miners initials in dough on the side of the pasty. this would allow the miners to know what one was theirs. They would normally pile them on top of each other so they would stay warm
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
