URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62879841/pho-ga-vietnamese-chicken-noodle-soup/
Title:
Pho Gà (Vietnamese Chicken Noodle Soup) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3-4 lb. whole chicken (preferably organic)
4 quarts water
1 large onion, peeled and cut in 1/2
4" fresh ginger, cut in 1/2 lengthwise
3 tbsp minced garlic
1 cilantro bunch
4 star anise
1 tbsp fennel
12 cloves
8 cardamom pods
3" cinnamon stick
1 tsp cracked white pepper
5 tbsp sugar
4 tbsp fish sauce
1/2 - 1 tbsp sea salt (depending on taste)

Directions:
Place the washed chicken (including cleaned giblets in the cavity) into a stock pot with the water.
Bring to a boil, then cover and remove from heat. Skim off any foam that rises to the top.
Let stand for 40 minutes. Then remove the chicken from water and set aside to cool.
Meanwhile, roast the onion & ginger until outside skin is charred (either in gas stove flame, or using broiler). Flake off any loose charring and set aside.
Remove the meat from the chicken and place in refrigerator.
Combine the star anise, fennel, cloves, cardamom, cinnamon and white pepper in a tied off piece of cheese cloth or reusable cloth tea bag.
Add the chicken bones back to the liquid. Add the onion, ginger and spice bag.
Simmer for 3 hours - do not boil. Skim any foam that rises to the top.
Add the cilantro bunch, fish sauce, sugar and salt(taste first).
Simmer for 1 hour - do not boil. Skim any foam that rises to the top.
Remove the chicken bones and strain the broth through a piece of cheese cloth.
Take the chicken out of the refrigerator.
In large bowl(s) add some prepared rice noodles (Bahn Pho) and some chicken.
Serve with sides of fresh bean sprouts, whole thai or regular basil leaves, lime wedges, hosin sauce and sriracha sauce.

Submitter: 
RavinSunkiller
Description: 
Even on a hot day, I love this soup! The broth is a beautiful blend of chicken and spices, alone it is brilliant, but paired with rice noodles, thai or regular basil, bean sprouts, lime juice, hosin sauce, and sriracha sauce it makes ones mouth dance with happiness. It is well worth the time and effort. Freeze the broth and use it another time!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
4 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
