URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62875702/lean-and-fast-vegetable-lasagna/
Title:
Lean and Fast Vegetable Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 Tbsp. all-purpose flour
1 ½ cups 2% milk
½ cup freshly grated parmesan cheese
¼ tsp. nutmeg
Salt and pepper
4 carrots
2 bunches broccoli (about 1 lb)
1 onions, chopped
1 cup sliced mushrooms
1 can tomatoes, drained (reserved juice)
2 Tbsp. tomato paste
½ tsp. dried basil
¼ tsp. dried oregano
6 oven-ready lasagne noodles

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350F.
In small saucepan, blend flour with ¼ cup of the milk until smooth. Gradually stir in remaining milk. Cook, stirring, over medium heat until thickened. Add half of the cheese, the nutmeg, and salt and pepper to taste. Cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Place waxed paper directly on surface and set aside.
Peel and slice carrots and broccoli stalks. Break broccoli florets into bite-size pieces. In saucepan of lightly salted boiling water, cook carrots and broccoli stalks until almost tender-crisp. Add broccoli florets and cook for 3 minutes or until vegetables are tender-crisp; drain well. Gently stir in onion and mushrooms; let stand, covered for 5 minutes. Stir in cheese sauce; set aside.
With potato masher, crush tomatoes in bowl. Stir in tomato paste and enough reserved tomato juice to make 2 cups. Stir in basil, oregano and salt and pepper to taste.
Spoon one-third of the tomato mixture into ungreased 8-inch square glass baking dish; arrange half of the noodles over the top. Cover with half of the vegetable mixture. Arrange remaining noodles on top; spoon in remaining vegetables. Cover with remaining tomato mixture; sprinkle with remaining cheese.
Cover with foil; bake in oven for 30-35 minutes or until sauce is bubbly around edges and noodles are tender. Let stand for 5 minutes.

Submitter: 
Amanda
Description: 
Great vegetarian alternative!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
