URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62877288/buffalo-chicken-mac-and-cheese/
Title:
Buffalo Chicken Mac and Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
7 Tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the dish
Kosher salt
1 pound elbow macaroni (or cavatappi)
1 small onion, finely chopped
2 stalks celery, finely chopped
3 cups shredded rotisserie chicken
2 cloves garlic, minced
3/4 cup Frank's Buffalo Wing Sauce, divided
2 Tablespoons all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons dry mustard
2-1/2 cups half-and-half
1 pound extra sharp cheddar cheese, shredded
8 ounces pepper jack cheese, shredded
2/3 cup sour cream
1 cup panko breadcrumbs
1/2 cup crumbled blue cheese
2 Tablespoons chopped fresh parsley

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees and butter a large casserole dish (or large cast iron skillet).  Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil; add the pasta and cook until al dente, about 7 minutes.  Drain.
Meanwhile, melt 3 Tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat.  Add the onion and celery and cook until soft, about 5 minutes.  Stir in the chicken and garlic and cook 2 minutes, then add 1/2 cup hot sauce and simmer until slightly thickened, then turn the heat to low until ready to assemble casserole.
Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a saucepan over medium heat.  Stir in the flour and mustard with a wooden spoon until the it forms a sort of smooth paste.  Slowly whisk in the half-and-half, then add the remaining 1/4 cup hot sauce and stir until thick, about 2 minutes.  Whisk in the cheddar and pepper jack cheeses, then whisk in the sour cream until smooth.
Spread half of the macaroni in the prepared baking dish, then top with the chicken mixture and the remaining macaroni.  Pour the cheese sauce evenly on top so that it is distributed over everything.  Put the remaining 2 Tablespoons butter in a microwave safe bowl and microwave until melted.  Stir in the panko, blue cheese and parsley.  Sprinkle over the macaroni.  Bake until bubbly, 30 to 40 minutes.  Let rest 10 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
raesive
Description: 
Mac and Cheese from scratch plus buffalo chicken... so yummy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15-20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
