URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62871834/eggs-in-a-basket/
Title:
Eggs in a Basket Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 dinner rolls, you can use any type from flavored to plain, soft to crusty, spicy and zesty to calm and mellow. Just make sure it is large enough to hold an egg.
Butter flavored cooking spray.
Salt and pepper to taste.
4 tsp shredded cheese of your choice, I use cheddar or Parmasean.
4 large eggs.
4 tsp cream or half and half; milk is okay.
2 thinly sliced green onions.
1 tsp herbs, such as parsley, chives, basil, dried or finely chopped fresh, or you may use a collection of family favorite herbs.
4 TBS of a cheese of your choice, for topping.
buttered bread crumbs.

Directions:
With very sharp knife, cleanly slice 1/4 of the top of the roll off.
Put tops aside to save and gently remove enough of the roll to hold one large egg, leaving a sturdy wall. Save insides of rolls.
Spritz inside of roll with a tiny bit of butter flavored cooking spray.
Season inside roll cavity with salt, pepper to taste and 1 tsp shredded cheese to each roll, cover and shake roll to distribute cheese.
Break one egg into each bread roll.
Add 1 tsp cream to each roll,
Break up the bread pieces you scooped out and mix with cheese, sliced onions, and herbs. Mix in a little melted butter just to slightly moisten crumbs and place on top of egg.
Add finishing cheese to top of each roll.
Place rolls on a cookie sheet. Cookie sheet should have about 1/2 inch high sides.
Bake egg filled rolls, about 20 to 25 minutes, until egg is set and roll is getting toasty.
Place the roll tops on baking sheet for last five minutes of baking time.
Remove eggs baskets from oven and let them set a few minutes until they have cooled a little, about 5 minutes.
Place tops on the baskets and serve.

Submitter: 
Kitten
Description: 
Years ago, on a Sunday morning, I had planned on making the egg dish where you cook an egg in a cut out circle in a piece of toast. Everyone was all set for them and when I went to the bread box for the loaf of bread, there was no bread. Oh,goodness, now what? No bread, but I had some rolls left over from dinner last night. Necessity is the mother of invention,  I've heard, so I took the rolls and cut the top 1/4 inch off the roll and scooped out most of the insides of the rolls. I placed them on a cookie sheet, broke an egg into the bowl and baked them. Wow!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
