URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62878186/gluten-free-angel-food-cake/
Title:
Gluten Free Angel Food Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/692977.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups granulated sugar
3/4 cup King Arthur gluten-free multi-purpose flour (or cake flour for non-gluten free)
1/3 cup cornstarch
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cups egg whites (11 to 12 eggs)
1 tablespoon lemon juice or 1 teaspoon cream of tartar
2 teaspoons vanilla
Confectioner’s sugar, for dusting

Directions:
Arrange a rack in the lower third of the oven and heat the oven to 375 degrees.
With a strainer or a sifter, sift 1/2 cup of the sugar, the flour, cornstarch and the salt together onto a piece of waxed paper.
In a squeaky clean bowl of a mixer with the whisk attachment,  beat the egg whites  until frothy. Add the lemon juice or cream of tartar and continue to beat until soft peaks form. Gradually beat in the remaining 1 cup of sugar, beating until stiff peaks form when you raise the beater. Beat in the vanilla.
With a large rubber spatula or your hand, quickly and carefully fold the flour mixture into the whites in three additions.
Rinse a 9 or 10-inch angel cake pan with warm water. Do not grease it! Scrape the batter into the pan and smooth the top with the back of a spoon. Rap the pan gently on the countertop once or twice to release air bubbles. Bake for 45 minutes or until it is golden brown and feels bouncy to the touch.
Immediately invert the pan so it stands on its “legs.” Leave the cake in the pan until it cools completely. Run a knife between the cake and the sides of the pan to release the cake and set it on a cake plate. Dust with confectioner’s sugar and slice with a serrated knife.

Submitter: 
lucylove
Description: 
It's angel food cake, what else needs to be said? From Sally P Vargas (sallypvargas.com), August 26, 2011.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
