URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62880640/fluff-filled-madeleines-a-la-dorie-greenspan/
Title:
Fluff-Filled Madeleines a la Dorie Greenspan Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2/3 cup all-purpose flour (3.375 ounces)
1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder (.75 ounces)
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
Pinch of salt 2 large eggs, at room temperature
1/2 cup sugar (3.5 ounces)
1/2 teaspoon of vanilla extract
3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter, melted and cooled
Marshmallow Fluff, for filling and frosting
4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped
1/2 cup heavy cream
1-1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature

Directions:
Sift the flour, cocoa, baking powder and salt together.
Working with a stand mixer in a large bowl, beat the eggs and sugar together until pale and slightly thickened, about 3 minutes. Beat in the vanilla extract, then switch to a rubber spatula and gently fold in the sifted dry ingredients, followed by the melted butter. Put a piece of plastic wrap directly against the surface of the batter and refrigerate for at least 3 hours or up to 2 days.
Center a rack in the oven and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Generously butter 12 full-size madeleine molds, dust the insides with flour, and tap out the excess. Butter and flour or spray the pan even if it is nonstick; skip this step if you are using a silicone pan. Place the pan on a baking sheet.
Spoon the batter into the molds.
Place the pan in the oven and immediately lower the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Bake the cookies for 13 to 15 minutes, or until they feel springy to the touch. Remove the pan from the oven and rap one side of the madeleine pan against the counter – the plump little cakes should come tumbling out. Gently pry any reluctant cookies out with your fingers or a butter knife. Cool to room temperature on a rack.
Fit a small pastry bag with a small plain tip and spoon the fluff into the bag. Use the point of the tip to poke a hole in the rounded (plain) side of each madeleine, and pipe enough fluff into each cookie to fill it.
Put the chocolate in a small deep heatproof bowl. Bring the heavy cream to a full boil, then pour it over the chocolate. Wait for 1 minute, then gently whisk the cream into the chocolate: start at the center and slowly work your way out in concentric circles until you have a smooth, shiny mixture. Gently whisk in the butter. Dip each madeleine into chocolate

Submitter: 
Gregg Hollander
Description: 
Chocolate Madeleines filled with marshmallow fluff
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 d
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
