URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62887018/diannas-meatloaf-surprise/
Title:
DIANNA’S MEATLOAF SURPRISE Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 lbs ground beef or chuck
1 lbs pork sausage
1 medium bell peppers, red or green, finely chopped
1 small sweet onion, finely chopped
2 eggs, lightly whisked
1 teaspoon salt
1/3 teaspoon ground black pepper
2/3 c milk
3 slices of stale bread
½ cup Velveeta, cubed
½ cup Salsa
BBQ Sauce

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375°F.
Mix topping ingredients and set aside. Whisk eggs. Add milk to bread and let stand until bread absorbs liquid, then drain milk from bread, but don’t press milk out. In a large bowl, combine the *ground beef or chuck and pork, then once well mixed add remaining ingredients, except those underlines above. If meat is low in fat, add up to 1 tablespoon olive oil. Mix well.
Shape meat into a loaf, forming a dome shape. After forming loaf, hollow out the middle. Inside the hollowed out middle put the Velveeta and pour salsa over that. Then flatten out meat taken out of the middle of the loaf and place on top of loaf and seal meat together, so cheese and salsa do not ooze out. Pour BBQ sauce over meat to coat.
**Bake covered 1 ½ - 2 hours, or until meat reaches 160 degrees, uncover for about 10 minutes to allow meat to brown. Allow meat to rest for about 8-10 minutes, this will help when slicing.
Note: *To combine the ground beef or chuck and pork (as pork is normally fibrous and will lump), I let the meat sit out for about 30-minutes and then I mash them together with a potato masher. **I like to cook my meatloaf on a cookie cooling rack in the bottom of a casserole dish, so that the majority of the fat cooks off and the meat doesn’t sit in that fat.
I am not really sure on the serving sizes, I can tell you that this meatloaf feeds my family of five, with left overs.

Submitter: 
Dianna Jacobs-Fresh
Description: 
Meatloaf with a cheesy salsa middle. The concept of this recipe was given to me by my friend, Lynn. I then took that concept and combined it with my taste meatloaf recipe.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20-30 m
Ready in:
2 - 2 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
