URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62881659/seafood-lasagna-reformatted/
Title:
Seafood Lasagna reformatted Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 scallion onion, finely chopped
2 Tbs. vegetable oil
2 Tbs. plus ½ cup butter or margarine, divided
½ cup chicken broth
1 bottle (8 oz.) clam juice
1 Lb. bay scallops
1 LB. uncooked small shrimp, peeled and deveined
1 package (8 oz.) imitation
Crabmeat, chopped
¼ tsp. white pepper, divided
½ cup all-purpose flour
1 ½ cups milk							½ tsp. salt
1 cup whipping cream
½ cup shredded Parmesan
Cheese, divided
9 lasagna noodles, cooked and drained

Directions:
Cook Lasagna as directed on box. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
In a large skillet, sauté onion in oil and 2 Tbs. butter until tender.  Stir in broth and clam juice; bring to a boil.  Add the scallops, shrimp, crab and 1/8 tsp. white pepper; return to a boil.  Reduce heat; simmer, uncovered, for 4-5 minutes or until shrimp turn pink and scallops are firm and opaque, stirring gently.  Drain, reserving cooking liquid, set seafood mixture aside.
In a saucepan, melt the remaining butter; stir in flour until smooth.  Combine milk and reserved cooking liquid and gradually add this to the saucepan. Add salt and remaining pepper (1/8 tsp.) Bring to a boil; cook and stir for 2 minutes or until thickened.  Remove from the heat; stir in cream and ¼ cup Parmesan Cheese.  Stir ¾ cup white sauce into the seafood mixture.
Spread ½ cup white sauce in a greased 13-in. x 9-in. x 2-in. baking dish. Top with 3 noodles; spread ½ seafood mixture and 1 ¼ cups white sauce.  Repeat layers.  Top with remaining noodles, sauce, and Parmesan Cheese.  Bake, uncovered, at 350 degrees F. for 35-40 minutes or until golden brown.  Let stand for 15 minutes before cutting.
Yield: 12 servings

Submitter: 
Sudie B
Description: 
A wonderful recipe from Taste of HomeModified from: Seafood Lasagna
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
