URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62880201/weird-meatloaf/
Title:
Weird Meatloaf Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
5 medium carrots
1 large red, orange or yellow bell pepper
3 tablespoons butter
5 scallions
2 pound very lean ground meat (beef, turkey or chicken)
2/3 cup bottled barbeque sauce
3/4 cup fine unseasoned breadcrumbs
2 tablespoons tomato paste
1 tablespoon brown sugar
1 teaspoon dried basil
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 20 oz bag frozen hash brown potatoes, thawed
1 tablespoon flour
1 egg
1/3 cup grated Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees.  Spray a 7 by 11 inch, 2-quart, shallow baking dish with pan spray.
Peel the carrots and cut them into 1-inch lenghs. De-seed and cut the bell pepper into 1-inch chunks.  Place the carrot and pepper pieces in a sauce pan, cover with water and bring to a boil.  Reduce the heat to low, cover and simmer until the carrots are tender, about 7 minutes.
Meanwhile, melt the butter in a small dish in the microwave, set aside.  Mince the scallions.  In a medium bowl, combine the ground meat, barbecue sauce, scallions and 1/2 cup of the breadcrumbs.  Set aside.
Drain the carrots and peppers and place them in a food processor.  Add the tomato paste, 1 tablespoon of the melted butter, the brown sugar, the remaining 1/4 cup of breadcrumbs, the basil, 1/2 tsp of salt and 1/4 tsp of pepper.  Process just to combine.
Place the thawed hash brown potatoes in a bowl and toss with the flour.  In a small bowl, beat the egg with the remaining butter, 1/4 tsp of salt and 1/4 tsp black pepper.  Add to the potatoes and toss to combine.
Spread half of the potato mixture in the bottom of the baking dish.  Spread the carrot mixture on top.  Spread the meat mixture on top of the carrot layer.  Spread the remaining potatoes on top of the meat.
Sprinkle the Parmesan cheese over all and bake for 1 hour, or until the meat is cooked through and the potato topping is golden brown.

Submitter: 
Dianemwj
Description: 
When my daughter was small (she's now nearly thirty) she used to ask me when I was going to make my potato-y carrot-y weird meatloaf.  This was always a hit in our household, and with a green salad, this meatloaf makes a meal
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
1 h, 30 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
