URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62888474/chocolate-cake-with-coconut-and-rum-mmm-yum/
Title:
Chocolate cake with coconut and rum “Mmm, Yum!” Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/697428.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup of chocolate chips
½ cup of instant espresso
1 ¼  stick of butter
1 cup of white sugar
1 cup of brown sugar
2 ¾ all-purpose flour (sifted)
1 teaspoon of baking powder
1 teaspoon of baking soda
2 teaspoons of vanilla extract
4 eggs

Directions:
Step 1. Set a pot ¾ full of water. Put a metal bowl on top of it and as the water starts to boil in a pot add to your bowl the butter, cut in slices. As the butter is starting to melt, add the chocolate chips and then, as the chocolate chips are starting to melt, add the instant espresso to the bowl. Stir the mixture occasionally and don’t let it burn. Turn the gas to a minimum and let the mixture just be there for 4-5 minutes.
Step 2.In a separate bowl mix:  flour (sifted), sugar, baking powder, baking soda (vanilla extract if it’s dry, if not you’ll add it later when we mix chocolate and flour) .
Step  3. Turn the gas off, take the bowl with chocolate-espresso-butter mixture and mix it with your flour mixture.
Step 4. When the chocolate and flour mixtures are very well mixed and cooled off a little bit, beat in 4 eggs, one by one. You have to stir the batter fast because the egg whites may  get cooked (the mixture may still be warm because of the heated chocolate).
Preheat the oven at 375 F, put same size three baking dishes (or two if you don’t have three) in the oven for 2 minutes just before pouring the batter in it. ( I used two dishes)
Take the dishes out of the oven carefully, grease them with butter, pour the batter evenly in all three (two) dishes and bake for 35 minutes (or until cooked). Test with a toothpick, it should be inserted into the center of the cake and come out clean. Allow to cool.
Crème:
For the crème I used vanilla pudding. But before covering the cake with it, I added the secret ingredient to my cake (take the kids off the screen). I added Malibu rum to it , just sprinkled  each layer of the cake with 2-3 tablespoons,(ok 3-4 tablespoons:-) of rum.

Submitter: 
helenscooking
Description: 
My cake is a combination of recipes, ideas and vision of a great chocolate cake. (to my mind)
I love that this cake is moist inside, combines sweetness and bitterness of dark chocolate and I love that it’s easy to cook.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
0h:30m
Ready in:
1h:10m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
