URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62888374/kentucky-race-day-chocolate-pecan-pie/
Title:
Kentucky "Race Day" Chocolate Pecan Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the pie crust:
1 1/4 cups of all pourpose flour
1 pinch of salt
1 stick of cold, unsalted butter
1/4 cup of ice cold water
For the pie filling:
1 stick of room temperature, unsalted butter
1 cup of white sugar
2 large eggs beaten
1/2 cup of all pourpose flour
1 pinch of salt
1 teaspoon of bourbon (substitute vanilla if you don't have bourbon)
1 cup of milk chocolate chips
1 cup of chopped pecans
1 9 inch pie pastry (preferably made from scratch)

Directions:
In a large bowl, combine flour and salt. Cut in cold stick of butter until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Stir in water, a tablespoon at a time, until mixture forms a ball. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate for 3 hours (you can use a freezer to expedite, but I prefer to slowly bring to perfection).
Roll dough out to fit a 9 inch pie plate (for me, I usually have to roll the twice to get my desired consistency). Place crust in pie plate. Press the dough evenly into the bottom and sides of the pie plate.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees
Cream the room temperature butter and sugar
Add the eggs, flour, salt and bourbon and mix at very low speed for about one minute (be careful not to over mix this recipe or the texture could suffer)
Add the chocolate chips and pecans and mix at a very low speed for about 30 seconds.
Using a rubber spatula, place the pie filling in the pie shell.
Bake the pie on the middle rack of your oven for 35 - 40 minutes.

Submitter: 
Craig Carlson
Description: 
This is an incredibly easy but wonderful recipe! It is very rich, but it is great with vanilla ice cream or whipped cream.  To speed up the process, you could use a pre-packaged pie crust, but I highly reccomend making a quick and easy crust from scratch!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
90 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
