URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62889113/creamy-potato-soup/
Title:
Creamy Potato Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 medium white potatoes
1 medium sweet onion
2 cups of water
1 8 oz block of cream cheese
3 tablespoons of butter
2 cups of whole milk
1 10 oz can of cream of mushroom soup
1 10 oz can of cream of celery soup
1 1/2 teaspoon of salt
1 tablespoon of coarsely ground pepper
1 tablespoon of dried parsely flakes
Freshly chopped bacon and shredded cheddar (if desired for a garnish)

Directions:
Peel and chop potatoes to your desired size (I recomend cubes about the size of a nickel). Finely chop the sweet onion, and mix with the chopped potatoes and water in a large pot.  The water may not appear to be a sufficient quantity (barely visible in the pot), but it is important to not add more than two cups in order to avoid a mushy consistency.
Boil the potato and onion mixture over medium heat until the water is almost evaporated (stirring frequently, about 20 minutes).  The remaining water will resemble a starchy paste.
Once the water is almost evaporated, add the cream cheese (chopped into small cubes) and butter.  Stir the cream cheese frequently to avoid potential burning.
Once the cream cheese has smoothly melted, add milk, and cook for about 5 - 10 minutes so that the cream cheese may be fully incorporated.  Add the two cans of soup and reduce the heat to low.
Add salt, pepper and parsley flakes and simmer for about 20 minutes.
I usually cook several strip of bacon and freshly shred cheddar for our guests to garnish as they desire.

Submitter: 
Craig Carlson
Description: 
This soup is a big hit amongst my friends and family!  It is a thick and creamy version of potato soup.  I am sure that culinary experts can come up with fancier recipes, but this one is great for me!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
1 h and 15 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
