URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62886752/cheesey-gratin-of-brussels-sprouts/
Title:
Cheesey Gratin Of Brussels Sprouts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 slices of bacon chopped and cooked crisp ....set aside and reserve the grease
1 lg. onion fine chopped
1 clove garlic minced
2 lbs. fresh brussel sprouts halved
1 1/2 c. milk
1 c. chicken broth
1/4 c. butter
5 tablespoons flour
3/4 c. grated parmesan cheese
1 tablespoon Dijon mustard
1/2 tsp. salt
1/4 teaspoon dried thyme
fresh cracked pepper to taste
1 1/2 cup grated sharp white cheddar
paprika for garnish (optional)

Directions:
In 2 tablespoons of the bacon grease, cook onion for 6-7 minutes.  Add garlic.   Remove from skillet and set aside.
Trim and cut the sprouts in half.  Cook in boiling water for about 5 minutes.  Drain and place in a 2 qt. casserole dish.
Top sprouts with the cooked onions and garlic.
Pre-heat the oven to 375 degrees.
Combine milk and chicken broth in a small saucepan.   Bring to a simmer then remove from heat.
Melt butter in a large saucepan, add flour and cook stirring over medium heat for about 1 minute until flour is light golden brown.   Whisk in half of the hot milk/broth mixture.
Heat and whisk mixture until thick.  Add remaining liquid and cook for about 5 minutes whisking frequently.
Whisk in parmesan cheese, mustard, salt, thyme, and pepper.
Pour this sauce evenly over the sprouts, onions and garlic.
Sprinkle evenly with the chopped cooked bacon and shredded cheddar and dust lightly with the paprika.
Place casserole in oven and bake for 30 minutes until bubbly.  Cool about 5 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Lucky Noodles
Description: 
Courtesy of FamilyFun magazine, I got this recipe a few years ago and this has turned my brussel sprout haters around. Who can resist a creamy cheesey casserole.  (Keni on the buzz said it came fromSLJ a past Buzzer)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
