URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62885005/curry-scallops-with-rice/
Title:
Curry Scallops With Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/696010.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons peanut oil
1 tablespoon butter
1 large onion, chopped
1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger root
2 tablespoons minced garlic
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
2 tablespoons ground coriander
2 tablespoons ground cumin
1/4 teaspoon ground turmeric
1 teaspoon cayenne pepper
2 tomatoes
2 Serrano Chile peppers, seeded
1/2 cup fresh cilantro
1/2 cup yogurt
3 cups water
For rice
2/3 cups of rice
1 tablespoon of olive oil
1 tablespoon of butter
1 1/3 chicken stock
For Scallops
6 to 8 oz (about 7 large Scallops cut in half)
1 tablespoon of Olive Oil
1 tablespoons of butter

Directions:
brown rice in a fry pan with olive oil, and butter
when the rice is slightly browned add chicken stock, and cover for 20 mins.
Heat oil and butter in a small skillet over medium high heat. Add onion and saute until very brown, 10 to 15 minutes.
Add ginger and garlic to onion and saute for an additional 2 minutes. Process onion/ginger/garlic mixture in food processor until smooth. Do not rinse food processor.
Place onion mixture in a large saucepan. Stir in the cinnamon, black pepper, coriander, cumin, turmeric and cayenne pepper and cook over low heat until mixture is thick and has the consistency of a paste.
Puree tomatoes, Chile peppers and cilantro in food processor until smooth. Add to onion mixture and stir well over low heat, cooking off moisture from tomatoes and cilantro. Add yogurt a little bit at a time, stirring constantly to avoid curdling.
Blend the whole mixture in food processor to puree it. Return to saucepan, add water and increase heat to high; bring sauce to a rolling boil. Cover saucepan and boil for 3 to 5 minutes. Reduce heat and simmer until desired consistency is reached.
5 mins before rice is done put olive oil, and butter in a fry pan, and brown on both sides of scallops. I also Used some white wine after browning, but this is not required.
Plate rice, Top with curry sauce, place scallops on top of sauce, and add more sauce if needed.

Submitter: 
Mark Farmer
Description: 
Curry Scallops With Rice
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
