URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62881206/maple-mini-macaroons/
Title:
Maple Mini Macaroons Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/694269.jpg
Ingredients:
1. 2 cups (7Oz) unsweetened shredded coconut
2. 2 egg whites
3. 1/2 cups maple syrup
4. 1 Tbsp of brown rice syrup or honey.
5. Pinch of sea salt
6. 2 Tbsp of all purpose white flour
7. 1/2 tspn vanilla extract

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 325?F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Combine the egg whites, maple syrup, brown rice syrup, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat and cook, stirring constantly, until just warm, about 1 minute. Add the coconut, flour, vanilla, and cardamom and continue to cook, stirring constantly, until the mixture just begins to sizzle and is slightly dry, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool for a few minutes.
Using a teaspoon and your fingers, form the dough into 24 small mounds on the prepared pan. Bake for 20 minutes, until golden brown. Let cool completely before serving.
Variation: For a more decadent dessert, dip the macaroons in chocolate. Chop your favorite dark chocolate and place it in a dry metal or glass bowl and set it over a pan of gently simmering hot water (or use a double boiler if you have one). Stir the chocolate constantly until just melted, then remove it from the heat. Now for the fun part:
Dip the macaroons into the melted chocolate, then place them on a pan or plate lined with wax or parchment paper. Chill in the refrigerator until the chocolate hardens, then enjoy!
Prep Time: 10 minutes · Cook Time: 20 minutes · MAKES 24 MACAROONS
Storage: Store in an airtight container at room temperature for 5 to 7 days.
If you want a sweeter macaroon, bake these with honey. For a more mellow sweet taste that isn't over the top, use the brown rice syrup.
The Cancer Fighting Kitchen is a book infused with both fantastic taste and more than 150 healthy, mouth-watering recipes that stimulate appetite and address cancer treatment side-effects. READ MORE...

Submitter: 
JFKR
Description: 
Modify version of Rebecca katz
Per Serving: Calories: 55; Total Fat: 3 g (2.7 g saturated, 0.1 g monounsaturated); Carbohydrates: 7 g; Protein: 1 g; Fiber: 1 g; Sodium: 20 mg
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
30 min
Number of servings: 
25
Nutritional Facts:
NA
