URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62882688/authentic-greek-stuffed-peppers-tomatoes-gemista/
Title:
Authentic Greek Stuffed Peppers & Tomatoes (Gemista) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/695017.jpg
Ingredients:
6 large bell peppers or tomatoes (that sit up straight)
2 tomatoes to puree
1 pound ground lamb or beef (or both mixed)
1/2 sweet yellow onion, diced fine
1 cup plain pine nuts
1 small can tomato paste
1 medium can tomato sauce
1/4 cup of fresh parsley, chopped fine
2 bags of boil-in-bag rice (only cooked 5 min)
1 TBL olive oil
5 large roasting potatoes, peeled and cut length wise
1 TBL cinnamon
1 tsp cayenne pepper (to taste)
1 TBL sugar
salt
pepper

Directions:
Pre-heat overn to 350. Wash the vegetables, pat dry and slice off the tops like lids, and set aside to use again. Gently scoop out the interior and discard. Be cautious not to poke a hole on the veggie shell. Lightly coat the inside with olive oil and a sprinkle of salt and set aside in a large roasting pan.
On the stove top have a small pot of boiling with the bag-of-rice; remove after 5 min and take bag out of the water to prevent further cooking.
In a large skillet brown the onions in a splash of olive oil until soft. Add ground meat and season with salt and pepper (to taste). Drain the juice. Add 1 small can of tomato paste, 1/2 can of medium tomato sauce, parsley, all spices and bring to a boil. Add pine nuts and let simmer for 15 minutes.
Taste test to see if additional seasoning is needed. All flavors are to taste preference whether you like it more spicy or not, but the main flavor should be cinnamon with a kick of hot pepper.
Combine rice with the mixture. The consistency should be wet (not watery). Scoop ingredients into the veggie shells evenly and top with lids.
Puree 2 tomatoes, remaining 1/2 can sauce, add a little salt and pepper, with 1 TBL olive oil. Put cut potatoes into roasting pan surrounding the veggies and pour pureed sauce over potatoes. Add 1 cup water to pan.
Cover loosely with aluminum foil and put in the oven. Remove foil after 30 minutes and stire potatoes. Add more water with a little olive oil if pan is dry so potatoes can cook.
Your dish is done when the potatoes and peppers are soft in about an hour.

Submitter: 
GreekMuse
Description: 
Oven roasted bell peppers and tomatoes filled with ground beef and/or lamb, pine nuts, and rice. Seasoned the Greek way to make this colorful dish extra special.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
