URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62881280/pepperjack-chicken-alfredo/
Title:
Pepperjack Chicken Alfredo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
MARINADE
1 Cup Franks Red Hot
A bottle of Italian Dressing
2 lbs boneless chicken breast (Marinated at least overnight)
PEPPER JACK ALFREDO
3 Tablespoon Butter
1 Medium Onion, diced (I use a food processor)
1 Small Red Bell Pepper, diced or fp
1 Medium to Large Jalopeno Pepper, seeded and diced
2 Medium to Large Cloves garlic, minced or fp
3 Tablespoon Flour
3/4 Cup Chicken Broth
1/2 Cup Heavy Cream
8 Oz. Pepper Jack Cheese, Shredded
1/2 Cup Sour Cream
1/4 Teaspoon Cayenne Pepper Powder
16 Oz. Box of Fettuchine

Directions:
Marinate Chicken in Franks Red Hot & Bottle of Italian dressing for 12-48 hours.
Cook Chicken in a pan until no longer pink in the middle and set aside.
Boil Pasta according to directions for "al dente" and while doing this cut Chicken into bite size pieces, then get a pot out and get ready to start the sauce.
Saute the Butter, Onions, Peppers, and Garlic over medium heat, stirring frequently, until soft.
Add the Flour and cook for approximately 1 minute.
Add the Heavy Cream and Chicken Broth to the mixture and bring to a simmer (little bubbles on the edges), stirring frequently.
Now add the Cheese and Sour cream to the mixture, stirring until smooth (like a sauce).
Add cut up pieces of chicken to the sauce.  If sauce is to thick add more chicken broth until desired thickness.
Drain Pasta and put it back in its pan.
Pour sauce over pasta, stir and enjoy :)

Submitter: 
Matthew Negus
Description: 
This is a great recipe I've used for years after getting bored with regular chicken alfredo. This recipe offers a little more of a kick and has a great flavor...Just be sure to follow the recipe exactly and Im sure you'll love it.  If you have time to marinate the chicken, great! But if not, it still tastes just fine.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
50 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
