URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62893209/shepherds-pie/
Title:
Shepherds Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/699513.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 lbs lean ground beef (Originally with lamb)
1 onion, peeled and grated
8 oz of mushrooms
1 carrot grated
2 sprigs fresh thyme, chopped
1 teaspoon rosemary
2 garlic cloves, grated
1 tablespoon of butter
2 tablespoons tomato puree
4 ounces red wine
2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce
1/4 cup chicken broth
2 lbs boiled potatoes
2 egg yolks
2 tablespoon of butter
4 tablespoons Parmesan cheese (grated-for inside mashed potatoes)
1 tablespoons Parmesan cheese (grated-for top of mashed potatoes)
fresh ground black pepper
salt

Directions:
In a large frying pan, heat the oil until hot, fry until well browned. With a slotted spoon, remove the meat from the pan and place in a metal colander to allow the excess fat to drain.
wipe out oil in pan leave a tablespoon in the pan
Add the meat back in
Add the onion, carrot, garlic, mushrooms, and a knob of butter to the pan, and cook until soft and translucent.
Cook stirring constantly for 2-3 minutes.
Add the Worcestershire sauce, red wine, tomato puree, thyme, rosemary and cook until the liquid has reduced to half the original volume.
Add the chicken stock, bring back to the boil cook for 3-4 mins.
The mixture should be thick and glossy. check the seasoning.
Mash the potato in a potato-ricer.
Put into a medium-sized mixing bowl, adding the egg yolks, 4oz of Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons of butter, mix and season with salt and pepper.
Put the mince into baking dish, then top with the potatoes.
top with salt and pepper top then grated Parmesan cheese.
Use a fork to rough up the top.
Place in a preheated oven at 400°F for 18-20 minutes or until bubbling and golden brown in color

Submitter: 
Mark Farmer
Description: 
My wife always said she hated Shepherds Pie, so after 34 years I actually cooked it for her. I did use Beef and not lamb so some people call it cottage pie, but when Shepherds Pie was originally created in England cooks actually used whatever meat they had.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
