URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62893552/moo-goo-gai-pan-with-bok-choy/
Title:
Moo Goo Gai Pan With Bok Choy Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/699691.jpg
Ingredients:
8 oz. boneless skinless chicken breasts
12 oz mushrooms
4 cloves of garlic
1 carrot, sliced
1 oz fresh ginger root, chopped.
1/2 of a head of Bok Choy
2 sliced scallions\Spring onion
Velveting Mixture (Marinating)
2 teaspoons cornstarch
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground white pepper (Or Black)
1 egg white
Finishing sauce
1/4 cup of Chicken stock
1 tablespoon of soy sauce
1 tablespoon of oyster sauce
1 tablespoon of hoisin sauce
1 tablespoon of dry sherry (optional)
1 1/2 teaspoons of corn starch
1 tablespoon of sesame seed oil

Directions:
Mix cornstarch, salt, ground pepper, egg white In a zip Lock Bag, Add Sliced Chicken. Put the chicken in the refrigerator for 15 Min's.
From here on out continue to stir all items in the fry pan.
Add oil in frying pan, add chicken and fry making sure the chicken does not stick together. When Done Set Aside.
add, and Brown Ginger And Garlic
add, Add Bok Choy Cook, for 2 min
Add, Add Carrots, for 2 min
Add, Add Spring Onions, for 1 min
Add Mushrooms, Cook For 1 min
Add Chicken Back In, Cook For 1-2 mins
Add finishing sauce, Let Thicken, Cook For About 30 Seconds.
Serve with steamed rice

Submitter: 
Mark Farmer
Description: 
Arriving in America in the 1970’s I was introduced to a few American Chinese restaurants that still served chop suey and chow mein.

The name “Moo Goo Gai Pan” is a Cantonese phonetic translation for Stir-fried Chicken with Mushrooms.
Moo Goo (??), or Mo Gu in Mandarin, refers to mushrooms, and Gai Pan (??), or Ji Pian in Mandarin, means sliced chicken.

Combined the characters refer to any stir-fry dish that contains mushrooms and sliced chicken.
There seems to be no definitive record of when the name was first used.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
