URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62899379/alton-browns-lemon-meringue-pie/
Title:
Alton Brown's Lemon Meringue Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 egg yolks (reserve whites for meringue)
1/3 cup cornstarch
1 1/2 cups water
1 1/3 cups sugar
1/4 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoons butter
1/2 cup lemon juice
1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest
1 (9-inch) pre-baked pie shell
4 egg whites
1 pinch cream of tartar
2 tablespoons sugar

Directions:
Adjust the oven rack to the middle position. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
Whisk egg yolks in medium size mixing bowl and set aside.
In a medium saucepan, combine cornstarch, water, sugar, and salt. Whisk to combine. Turn heat on medium and, stirring frequently, bring mixture to a boil. Boil for 1 minute. Remove from heat and gradually, 1 whisk-full at a time, add hot mixture to egg yolks and stir until you have added at least half of the mixture.
Return egg mixture to saucepan, turn heat down to low and cook, stirring constantly, return to boiling. Boil for 1 more minute. Remove from heat and gently stir in butter, lemon juice, and zest until well combined. Pour mixture into pie shell and top with meringue while filling is still hot. Make sure meringue completely covers filling and that it goes right up to the edge of the crust. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes or until meringue is golden. Remove from oven and cool on a wire rack. Make sure pie is cooled completely before slicing.

Submitter: 
Gregg Hollander
Description: 
This pie tastes so good, that there was no way I could rate it anything other than 5 starts. HOWEVER, this an error in the recipe. Following the recipe as written, and returning the filling mixture to only low heat for one minute will result in lemon meringue soup (which is what I got the first time around. If you watch the episode (it's on youtube, you'll see that after adding the egg yolks, he says that the egg yolks do something-something-science, and in order for that to take place, they have to boil for one minute, no less.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
