URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62897117/steamed-balinese-fish-with-sticky-rice-in-banana-leaf/
Title:
Steamed Balinese Fish with Sticky Rice in Banana Leaf Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1.33 Lbs of White fish
6 Banana Leaves
String
Sticky Rice:
1/2 Jasmine and 1/2 Sushi rice. - About 1/2 cup cooked rice per fish piece
(Best cooked in a rice cooker with a keep warm function.)
Fish Sauce
Sambal:
1 Jalapeño Pepper
5 cloves of garlic
1 large shallot
1/2 lime
2 tsp Tumeric Powder or 1" fresh turmeric root, skinned
1" of galangal (galanga) root (Available at many Thai or Asian markets frozen)
1" of ginger root
1 tsp of lemongrass puree (Most supermarkets)
1/2 Piece Star Anise
1 tsp of Chili Garlic Sauce
1-1/2 Tsp Salt
1 drop (literally) sesame oil
Juice of 1/2 Lime
4-5 Springs of Cilantro (Or Chinese Coriander)
1 Tbsp Japanese Brown Sugar (Regular can be substituted but alters taste slightly)
1 Tbsp Crunchy Peanut Butter
1-1/2 Tbsp Tomato Paste
1/2 Cup Chicken or Fish Broth (Room Temp or Cold)

Directions:
1. Cook rice to use two days before this recipe. Either use the remainder, which you keep by stirring a 1/4 cup to 1/2 cup of water in daily then closing and keeping on Keep Warm, or just make enough and keep the rise warm for at least 48 hours prior to using. The steaming and stirring breaks the starches down over the first two days. Discard any hard grains of rice that may have dried out. Cool and add fish sauce to rice, mixing it in.
2. Wash off your banana leaves (found at Asian or Latin American markets or online) and trim. You will need about 8" x 12" per piece of fish.
3. Cut your white fish in 1/4lb to 1/3lb pieces. I use Tilapia whole, or other good white fish like grouper for this recipe. Set them aside.
4. In a large blender.
a. Seed the Jalapeño and remove the pith around the seeds.
b. Break off two or three "petals" of the dried star anise and put in.
c. Peel shallot, ginger, and galanga root and put them in.
d. Add remaining ingredients.
5. Blend until smooth, about 2 min. You want a paste. If it is too thick add a little water, one tsp. at a time.
6. Set up your assembly. Have the fish handy, your sticky rice, banana leaves and sambal. A small, wide metal bowl of water for your hands is good too.
7.  Spoon the 1/2 cup of rice on to the middle of a cut banana leaf. Working with wet hands, pat it down into a square about the same size as the fish piece.
8. Put the fish on top.  Top the fish with a good amount of the sambal. Spread with a  spoon or a small cake spreader.
9. Fold the banana leaf until you've made a packet like a burrito.  Take your string on one end and gently pull it together until firm. Tie a knot. Repeat on the other side.  Repeat.
10. Refrigerate for at least 2 hrs to marinate.

Submitter: 
The Jazz Chef
Description: 
A recipe homage to my cooking teacher in Bali, this fish is coated with a Balinese style sambal, atop a bed of seasoned sticky rice wrapped in a banana leaf.  The fish and rice are then steamed in the leaf. Serve by itself with a simple salad or a small cup of soup, or as part of a larger meal of Balinese or indonesian-themed foods. This a a great recipe for left-over rice in your rice cooker!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
50 min actual; 2 d
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
