URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62890651/crispy-green-beans-with-horseradish-wasabi-dip/
Title:
Crispy Green Beans with Horseradish-Wasabi Dip Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/698321.jpg
Ingredients:
Dip:
1/2 cup buttermilk ranch dressing
1/4 cup peeled, seeded, and finely chopped cucumber
1 1/2 teaspoons prepared horseradish
1/2 teaspoon wasabi powder
1/8 teaspoon salt
1 pinch cayenne pepper
Green Beans Ingredients:
4 cups water
1/2 pound fresh green beans, trimmed
1 egg, lightly beaten
1 cup milk
1 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup panko bread crumbs
1/2 tablespoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
1/2 teaspoon onion powder
vegetable oil for frying

Directions:
Make the dip by combining the buttermilk ranch dressing, cucumber, horseradish, wasabi, salt, and cayenne pepper into a blender. Blend on low until well mixed. Pour into a small bowl and refrigerate (can be made ahead). The dip will thicken as it chills.
Place the water in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the beans, cover, and bring to a boil; reduce heat to medium and simmer until beans are bright green and tender, about 8 minutes. Immediately drain beans into a colander and rinse under cold water. Set aside to cool.
Combine the beaten egg with milk in a shallow bowl. Place the flour in another shallow bowl. In a third shallow bowl, combine the panko bread crumbs, salt, black pepper, garlic powder, and onion powder. Working with a handful of beans at a time, dip each bean first into flour, then into the egg mixture, and then into the bread crumb mixture. Place beans on a plate until all are coated.
Heat 1 1/2 inches of oil in a deep skillet (or use a deep fat fryer) over medium-high heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Fry the beans several at a time, without crowding, until golden brown. Drain on paper towels. Serve with horseradish-wasabi dip.

Submitter: 
Dawn
Description: 
Breaded and deep-fried, crispy green beans are a guaranteed hit when served with a zesty buttermilk ranch dressing that gets its kick from wasabi and horseradish.Modified from: Crispy Green Beans with Horseradish-Wasabi Dip
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
