URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62897050/fiesta-corn-tortilla-pizzas/
Title:
Fiesta Corn Tortilla Pizzas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 can (15oz) refried pinto or black beans
6 fresh corn totillas
Spray cooking oil, such as Pam
1 3/4 cup Mexican 4-cheese blend (7oz. bag)
3 Roma tomatoes, seeded and diced
2 stalks green onion, sliced
1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro
1 small can sliced black olives, well-drained

Directions:
Heat the beans in the microwave (2 minutes on high, covered, stirring halfway through) or in a small saucepan.
Heat a non-stick skillet over medium-high heat. Spray both sides of tortillas with cooking spray and lay them on a wire cooling rack.
Place a tortilla into the skillet and fry until lightly browned on the bottom, but do NOT turn tortilla over. Remove tortilla from skillet and set it on the wire rack, browned side up.
Making sure tortilla is facing browned side up, spread a thin layer of beans to about 1/2" from the edge. Sprinkle with cheese.
Using a wide spatula, carefully transfer the prepared tortilla into the skillet, bean side up, and brown the bottom until cheese is beginning to melt, about 1 minute. Remove from skillet, return to wire rack and top with tomatoes, green onions, cilantro and olives.
Repeat process with remaining tortillas.
Cut into squares or 'pizza slices' and serve with sour cream and guacamole, if desired.
Grill Option: Crisp tortillas on an open grill over low/medium heat or with a griddle placed on the grill over high heat.
Tips for success: Always set browned tortillas on a wire cooling rack to prevent them from steaming and losing their crispness. Do not overload with toppings, just a very thin layer of beans and light sprinkling of cheese. Be sure to scoop the gel from the tomatoes before dicing. Soggy crust is your enemy and will make for flimsy slices.

Submitter: 
lucylove
Description: 
I devised this simple snack for my Cinco de Mayo Fiesta party years ago.  An instant hit, they get gobbled up so fast that I enlist guests and form an assembly line at the grill, no skillet needed. Guests love being involved in the action.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
NA
