URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62898070/chocolate-sopapillas/
Title:
Chocolate Sopapillas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/701668.jpg
Ingredients:
Topping:
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 cup granulated sugar
Dough:
2 cups all-purpose flour
1/4 cup unsweetened baking cocoa
1 tablespoon sugar
1-1/2 teaspoons baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
2/3 - 3/4 cup water
3-4 cups peanut oil for frying

Directions:
For the topping, combine cinnamon and sugar in a wide, shallow bowl; mix and set aside.
For the dough, combine flour, cocoa powder, sugar, baking powder and salt. Add 2/3 cup water and mix, then add an additional 1 tablespoon at a time, mixing until dough comes together. Dough should be smooth and not sticky. Form into a ball, cover, and place in the refrigerator, allowing to rest for 30 minutes. If making ahead of time, wrap dough in plastic and store in the refrigerator until ready for use.
Using a medium-size pot with high sides, heat peanut oil to 375º F over high heat.
Meanwhile, roll dough out on a clean, lightly-floured work surface, until approximately ¼ inch thick. Cut into 3-inch x 3-inch squares and fry individually in preheated oil for 15-20 seconds, or until golden brown and puffy. Flip over and cook for another 10-15 seconds or until golden brown. Using a heat-resistant, slotted spoon, remove from oil and shake off as much oil as possible. Dredge in cinnamon and sugar mixture, turning to coat both sides. Set on separate plate and allow to cool before eating.

Submitter: 
megmeister
Description: 
These fried quick bread pastries, which resemble little pillows, are traditionally consumed in Hispanic cultures and are served with cinnamon and sugar with a side of honey. This spin on the pastry incorporates cocoa powder (who doesn’t like chocolate?), and if your heart desires, can be served with agave nectar for extra sweetness.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
