URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62893392/honey-glazed-chicken-w-peppers-and-goat-cheese/
Title:
Honey-Glazed Chicken w/ Peppers and Goat Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup goat cheese
1 small bunch fresh cilantro, coarsely chopped (about 3/4 cup)
1 - whole chicken, about 5lbs
2 TB olive oil
6 cloves garlic
3 lemon halves
3-6 fresh red jalapeno peppers (optional)
1/4 cup honey
1 tsp crushed red pepper

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees.  In a medium bowl combine cheese and cilantro; set aside.  Remove the neck and giblets, if present, from chicken.  One side at a time, slip your fingers between skin and meat to loosen skin.  Once your entire hand is under the skin, free skin around and leg area.  Rub cheese mixture under the skin of each chicken.
Brush chickens with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper.  Place 2 garlic cloves and half a lemon in cavities of each chicken.  Fold under neck skin and skewer to back; tie legs to tail.  Place, breast side up, on rack in shallow roasting pan.  If desired, insert meat thermometer into center of inside thigh muscle.  Add jalapeno peppers to roasting pan.
Roast, uncovered, for 60 minutes, spooning juices over chicken occasionally. Combine honey and crushed red pepper.  Brush on chicken.  Roast 10 to 15 minutes longer or until drumsticks move easily in sockets and chicken is no longer pink (180 degrees).  Remove chicken from oven.  Brush with any remaining honey mixture.  Cover; let stand 10 minutes.  Cut chickens in quarters.  Serve with roasted jalapenos.
Chicken Breast Option: Substitute 12 small bone-in chicken breast halves for whole chickens.  Stuff cheese mixture under skin and brush with oil.  Omit garlic and lemons.  Sprinkle with salt and pepper.

Submitter: 
Kemberli Paes
Description: 
Bright cilantro and goat cheese blend perfectly with the spicy-sweet brush-on glaze.  Also a chicken breast option.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
1 hr 35 min
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
