URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62893306/steak-diane/
Title:
Steak Diane Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/699555.jpg
Ingredients:
4 Rib eye or sirloin steaks
3 shallots, peeled
1 Cup mushrooms sliced
1 garlic clove, chopped
1 Tablespoon Of Worcestershire sauce
1 tbsp Dijon mustard
2oz brandy
6 ml Heavy cream
300g Small handful of flat-leaf parsley Approx
2 tablespoons salted butter
2 tablespoons Olive oil
1/2 teaspoon Salt
1/2 teaspoon pepper

Directions:
Parboil the potatoes in boiling salted water for 4-5 minutes or until just tender. Drain the potatoes and set aside.
Using a rolling pin, roll out the steaks to flatten and cut off the rind of fat. Season the steaks on both sides with salt and pepper.
Heat a little olive oil in a heavy based pan. Quickly sauté the steaks on both sides for approx 1 minute to color, then remove from the pan and set aside to rest.
Bring the same pan back up to temperature and add a little more oil if necessary. Slice the shallots and mushrooms add to the pan, season with salt and pepper and sauté briefly. add, garlic and stir.
Add the Worcestershire sauce and mustard and heat through for 1-2 minutes. Tilt the pan away from you, pour the alcohol into the far end and allow it to ignite. If using electric you will need to ignite the brandy with a long grill lighter.
Once the alcohol has burnt off, swirl the juices around the pan. Pour in the cream and add the steaks and any resting juices back into the pan. Allow the steaks to heat through for 2-3 minutes. Chop the parsley and sprinkle it into the pan.
Introduce the steaks back into the pan and cook for 2- 3 minutes (depending on how well done you like your steak).
Heat a little oil in a separate pan and add the potatoes. Season with a little salt and pepper and add the rosemary. Crush in two garlic cloves and sauté. Toss the potatoes, add a knob of butter and sauté for a further 1-2 minutes until golden and cooked through.
Cook the peas for 2-3 minutes in boiling salted water with a little butter. Drain, and keep warm.
To serve, transfer the steaks to serving plates and spoon the sauce over. Arrange the sautéed potatoes and peas alongside.

Submitter: 
Mark Farmer
Description: 
Steak Diane
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
