URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62896626/red-wine-braised-short-ribs/
Title:
Red Wine-Braised Short Ribs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/700942.jpg
Ingredients:
5 lbs. bone-in english-style short ribs, meat and bones separated (membrane removed)
Salt and pepper
2 T vegetable oil
2 onions, chopped medium
1 carrot, peeled and chopped medium
1 celery rib, chopped medium
2 T tomato paste
1 T minced fresh thyme or 1 tsp. dried
3 T all-purpose flour
2 cups red wine
2 T balsamic vinegar
2 cups low-sodium chicken broth
2 bay leaves
2 T minced fresh parsley

Directions:
Arrange beef bones in a dish and microwave (in batches, if microwave is small) until well browned, 10 to 15 minutes; transfer to slow cooker.
Dry short ribs with paper towels and season with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in 12-inch skillet over medium-high heat until just smoking. Brown half of short ribs well on all sides, 7 to 10 minutes; transfer to slow cooker. Repeat with remaining tablespoon oil and remaining short ribs; transfer to slow cooker.
Add onions, carrot, celery, tomato paste, and thyme to fat in skillet and cook over medium-high heat until onions are softened and lightly browned, 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in flour and cook for 1 minute. Slowly whisk in wine and vinegar, scraping up any browned bits and smoothing out any lumps. Bring to simmer and cook until reduced to 1 cup, about 5 minutes; transfer to slow cooker.
Stir broth and bay leaves into slow cooker. Cover and cook until beef is tender, 9 to 11 hours on low or 5 to 7 hours on high.
Transfer short ribs to serving platter and tent loosely with aluminum foil. Let braising liquid settle for 5 minutes, then remove fat from surface using large spoon. Strain braising liquid, discarding solids, and season with salt and pepper to taste. Stir in parsley. Spoon 1 cup sauce over short ribs and serve with remaining sauce.

Submitter: 
Peggy
Description: 
These were awesome and so tender.  Absolutely incredible served with Bacon and Fontina Polenta.  Christopher Kimball shared this recipe on the Today Show.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
8 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
