URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62896805/challah/
Title:
Challah Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 cups bread flour
2 Tablespoons sugar + 1 teaspoon sugar for proofing
1 teaspoon salt
1 1/3 teaspoons yeast
2 Tablespoons vegetable oil
2 Large eggs, slightly beaten
2 Large egg yolks, slightly beaten
3/4 cup - 1 1/8th cup water - room temp.
2 egg whites, whisked until frothy, for egg wash
Sesame or poppy seeds for garnish

Directions:
Proof yeast & 1 tsp sugar in 1/4 cup water in bowl of electric mixer about 10 minutes until frothy.
Combine flour, sugar and salt in a seperate bowl.
Whisk together the oil, 2 eggs, 2 yolks & 1/2 cup water.
Add the flour mixture to the bowl of yeast.
Add the egg mixture and mix on low speed until ingredients gather and form a ball.  Add remaining water a couple of Tablespoons at a time if needed.
Knead for about 10 minutes at medium - low speed for 6 minutes with dough hook.  sprinkling in more water or flour if needed to make a soft, supple but not sticky dough.
Form the dough into a ball and place in well oiled bowl - turn to coat the entire surface of the dough.  Cover with plastic wrap and ferment for 1 hour at room temperature.
Remove dough and knead by hand for 2 minutes to degas.  Re-form it into a ball, return to bowl - let ferment for an additional hour.  It should be at least 1 1/2 times its original size.
Remove dough and form into 3 equal pieces.  Form each piece of dough into a boule.  Cover with a towel and allow to rest for 10 minutes.
Line a sheet pan with parchment paper.
Roll each ball of dough into strands, each the same length, thicker in the middle and slightly tapered. on the ends.  Braid the strands together on the baking sheet.
Brush the loaf with egg wash.  Mist the loaf with spray oil and cover loosely with plastic wrap.
Proof at room temp for 60 - 75 minutes - until 1 1/2 times it's original size.
Preheat oven to 350
Brush loaf again with egg wash and sprinkle with poppy or sesame seeds.
Bake on center rack for 20 minutes - rotate pan 180 degrees and bake an additional 20 -45 minutes depending on the size of the loaf.  The bread should be a rich golden brown and register 190 degrees in the center.
Cool 1 hour.

Submitter: 
Baking Nana
Description: 
A soft golden loaf - perfect coiled into a round loaf, especially for Rosh Hashanah, the Jewish New Year.  The three strands symbolize truth, peace and beauty and the spiral coil indicates the ascent to God.  Garnishing the loaves with seeds, such as poppy or sesame seeds symbolize the falling of manna from heaven.  The cloth covering of the challah with a cloth as it is served at the Sabbath meal represents the heavenly dew that protects the manna.  
Adapted from the Bread Baker's Apprentice.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
3 h 45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
