URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62892227/thai-pineapple-fried-rice/
Title:
Thai Pineapple Fried Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 Cup pineapple tidbits or chucks (fresh or canned)
4 Cups cooked rice, day old rice is great
4 Tablespoons oil, for stir frying
2 shallots, thinly sliced (or onion)
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 red or green chili (de-seeded for milder rice)
1/2 cup roasted, unsalted cashews or peanuts
1/2 Cup frozen peas
1 egg, beaten
1/4 cup raisins
3 Tablespoons chicken stock
3 Tablespoons fish sauce or soy sauce
2 tsp curry powder
1 tsp. sugar
3 green onions, finely sliced
1/3 cup cilantro - chopped
optional:
shrimp - pork or chicken
celery, carrots etc...

Directions:
Spread your rice onto a sheet pan and rub about 1 Tablespoon of oil throughout the rice - coating and seperating the grains. Set aside.
Mince together the shallots, garlic, and chili. Set aside.
Mix together the chicken stock, soy or fish sauce, curry powder and sugar. - Set aside.
Have all your other vegetables and meat ready.
Add 1 Tablespoon oil to a hot wok - swirl to coat sides.  If using raw meat or shrimp cook quickly - stirring constantly - remove and set aside.
Add 1 Tablespoon oil to the wok -
Add the shallot, garlic chili mix - stir fry push the mixture to the sides of the wok
Add beaten egg to the middle of the hot wok - chop the cooked egg into pieces and mix with the other ingredients.
Add cashews or peanuts - cook 30 seconds
Add chopped vegetables - cook another 30 seconds.
Add soy sauce / chicken broth mixture - cook about 1 minute - do not over cook the vegetables.
Add the pre-cooked meat - stir.
Add the prepared rice - stir fry by lifting and tossing the rice to combine.
You can push the ingredients to the side and add a little more oil or broth if it is sticking.
Add the peas, raisins, pineapple - stir to mix.
Cook an additional 1 -2 minutes until everything is incorporated.  You will hear rice popping.
Finally - do a taste test - add additional soy sauce if needed.
To serve, sprinkle with green onion and cilantro.

Submitter: 
Baking Nana
Description: 
This is our families favorite fried rice.  The curry is certainly optional - I omit the curry if I am serving this as a side dish to another distinctly flavored food.  Preparing all the elements for this in advance is essential - the cook time is very quick and there is no time to stop and chop or measure.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
