URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62891743/beef-wellington/
Title:
Beef Wellington Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/712816.jpg
Ingredients:
16 oz Beef Loin
1 Sheet Puff Pastry
8 oz mushrooms
4 oz Madeira wine
1 sprig of thyme
1 egg yoke
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon pepper
1 tablespoon of mustard

Directions:
Coat beef with olive oil, then season with salt and pepper and sear all over, in a hot, skillet, about 2 to 3 minutes.
chop the mushrooms as finely as possible so they have the texture of coarse breadcrumbs. You can use a food processor to do this, but make sure you pulse-chop the mushrooms so they don't become a slurry.
Brown Chopped Onions, Garlic
Heat 2 tbsp of the oil and all the butter in a large pan and fry the mushrooms on a medium heat, with the thyme sprig, for about 10 Min's stirring often, until you have a softened mixture. Season the mushroom mixture, pour over the wine and cook for about 10 Min's until all the wine has been absorbed. The mixture should hold its shape when stirred.
Remove the mushroom duxelle from the pan to cool and discard the thyme.
Roll out the pastry on the cling film to the edges.
Lay the prosciutto on the cling film, slightly overlapping, in a double row. Spread the duxelles over the prosciutto.
Cover the fillet with mustard, and sit the fillet in the centre of the pastry and brush the pastry's edges with egg yoke.
Using the cling film pull up and over the pastry, and seal all sides, cut off any excess. The closing fold should be on the bottom, and the sides tucked under.
Glaze all over outside with egg yolk and, using the back of a knife, mark the beef Wellington with long diagonal lines taking care not to cut into the pastry. Chill for at least 30 Min's and up to 24 hrs.
oven to 400F cook until golden and crisp - 20-25 Min's for medium-rare beef, 30 Min's for medium.
Allow To Stand For 10 Min's

Submitter: 
Mark Farmer
Description: 
Beef Wellington, A Long Time Family Favorite
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
