URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62904185/crock-pot---coq-au-vin/
Title:
Crock Pot - Coq au Vin Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/704515.jpg
Ingredients:
Item 1
4 Oz bacon
Item 2
2 pounds, Dark Meat, Legs And Thighs
Item 3
24 Mini Onions
Item 4
16 oz mushrooms, halved
Item 5
1/2 cup cognac
2 cups red wine (Pinot Noir, Beaujolais or Chianti)
2 cups chicken stock
2 tablespoon tomato paste
5 cloves garlic, mashed or minced
Spices
1/4 teaspoon thyme
1/4 teaspoons parsley
1/4 teaspoons rosemary
1/4 teaspoons black pepper
1 bay leaf
Salt to taste (you may or may not need any)
Thickening Agent (Roux)
2 tablespoons butter, softened
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour

Directions:
First Cook The Bacon, What Your Looking For Is To Get The Oil And Taste Of The Pork Fat. You Will Not Need The Actual Bacon For This Recipe So You Can Do This Part In The Morning And Eat The Bacon For Breakfast.
With Two Tablespoons Of Pork Fat Oil, Brown The Chicken In A Frying Pan. Remove Chicken.
With Two Tablespoons Of Pork Fat Oil, Brown The Mini Onions. Remove Onions.
With two tablespoons of pork fat oil, brown the sliced mushrooms.
Put chicken, and onions back in, add brandy or cognac Back in hot pan, Ignite brandy.
When flames die. add wine, chicken stock, tomato paste, garlic, thyme, rosemary, parsley, and bay leaf. Once you have all ingredients mixed you can then take and put all of it in your crock pot.
At this point you can put this in the refrigerator or turn your crock pot on high for 3 - 4 hours. When the chicken is done, pour off all of the wine\chicken stock into a measuring cup.
In a sauce pan melt butter, add flour and create a roux, add wine\chicken stock and heat til thickened.
Serve Over Noodles, And Cover with the wine gravy you just made.
Note: If you think the alcohol flavor will be too much for you, then do not use the Brandy, and maybe cut the amount of wine.

Submitter: 
Mark Farmer
Description: 
This My Version Of Coq au Vin Using A Crock Pot. I would have cooked it in My 5qt Saute pan but I had to go out so the crock pot came in handy.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
60
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
