URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62902964/red-enchilada-sauce/
Title:
Red Enchilada Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/862251.jpg
Ingredients:
3 Tbsp. grape seed oil (use canola as a sub, vegetable oil as a last resort)
3 Tbls. white flower
2 Cups low sodium chicken broth
4 Tbsp. Gebhardt Chile Powder (any will do, but Gebhardt is the best)
1 Tsp. ground cumin
2 Tsp. garlic powder
3/4 Tsp. salt
1 pinch ground cinnamon (less than 1/16 tsp.)
1/2 Tsp. sugar

Directions:
The roux: In a 2 quart sauce pan add the oil over medium high heat. When the oil is hot, lower the heat to low and add the flour.
Mix with a wire whisk for about 1 to 2 minutes stirring constantly. You want to see the roux begin to bubble and foam. The roux is ready when it has a light golden color (see photo).
The Sauce: Slowly add the chile powder and whisk in until fully mixed. Be careful here, unless you want a roasted flavor in your sauce... slowly add the chili powder but get it mixed in quickly to prevent it from burning to the bottom of the pan. If you get concerned, it's okay to move to the next step even if you haven't fully mixed the roux and chile powder.
Slowly pour in the 2 cups chicken broth. Turn the heat up to medium again and stir till fully mixed.
Add the cumin, garlic powder, salt, cinnamon and sugar (the sugar is a little secret to eliminate any bitter taste from the chile powder) stirring after each addition. Bring to a boil as you continue to stir.
Once boiling, stir continually and cook for 3 to 5 minutes. Cover and set aside.
When you return to the sauce, you'll notice a film on the surface. This is good. If the sauce thickens too much (because it wasn't covered while it was set aside or it was cooked too long), just add water.

Submitter: 
Jesse Cody
Description: 
Sauces should be complementary to the underlying food, rather than an attempt to cover up a lackluster attempt at a dish (think ketchup with a steak...ugh). This sauce, although rich in flavor and texture, complements a well made enchilada enhancing the flavor of the corn tortilla and any other ingredients chosen for the enchilada.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5
Ready in:
15
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
