URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62905257/aussie-chicken/
Title:
Aussie Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - pounded to 1/2 inch thickness
1/4 cup Worcestershire Sauce
1 teaspoon crushed garlic
1 teaspoon seasoning salt
1 teaspoon roasted garlic powder
6 slices bacon, cut in half
1/2 cup Brown or stone ground mustard
1/2 cup honey
1/4 cup mayonnaise
1 tablespoon dried onion flakes
1 cup sliced fresh mushrooms
1 tablespoon butter
2 cups shredded Colby-Monterey Jack cheese
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley

Directions:
Marinate chicken breasts with the Worcestershire sauce and garlic, cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a deep skillet, Saute mushrooms in butter, remove and set aside. in the same skillet, cook the bacon until crisp. Set aside.
In a medium bowl, combine the mustard, honey, mayonnaise and dried onion flakes. Remove half of sauce, cover and refrigerate to serve later. Mix the roasted garlic powder and the seasoning salt and sprinkle on both sides of the chicken.
Heat the bacon grease over medium heat. Place the breasts in the skillet and saute for 3 to 5 minutes per side, or until browned. Remove from skillet and place the breasts into a 9x13 inch baking dish. Apply the honey mustard sauce to each breast, then layer each breast with mushrooms and bacon. Sprinkle top with shredded cheese.
Bake in preheated oven for 15 minutes, or until cheese is melted and chicken juices run clear. Garnish with parsley and serve with the reserved honey mustard sauce.

Submitter: 
Tomas Weaver
Description: 
This recipe is very similar to a chicken dish served at a local well-known restaurant.  A friend of mine was kind enough to share it. It includes chicken breasts topped with mushrooms, bacon and cheese cooked in a honey-mustard sauce.Modified from: Aussie Chicken
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
