URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62900790/baked-lebanese-kibbe/
Title:
Baked Lebanese Kibbe Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup fine-grain bulgur
1 pound lamb shoulder, ground fine
1/4 cup grated onion
1 teaspoon cumin seeds, toasted and ground, or 1 teaspoon ground cumin
Pinch cayenne pepper
Salt and pepper
3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for oiling the pan
2 cups sliced onions, 1/4-inch thick
1/2 cup pine nuts, lightly toasted
Greek-style yogurt, for serving

Directions:
Rinse the bulgur well, then cover with cold water and soak for 20 minutes. Drain well.
Put the drained bulgur, lamb, grated onion, cumin and cayenne in a large mixing bowl. Season with 2 teaspoons salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Mix well with your hands to distribute the seasoning. With a wooden spoon, beat in about 1/2 cup ice water. The mixture should be smooth and soft.
Heat the olive oil in a cast-iron skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and fry gently, stirring occasionally, until they soften, about 5 minutes. Season generously with salt and pepper. Raise the heat and add 1/4 cup of the lamb mixture. Continue frying, allowing the meat to get crumbly and the onions to brown nicely, another 10 minutes or so. Stir in the pine nuts and taste. Let cool to room temperature.
Heat the oven to 350 degrees. Lightly oil a shallow 9-by-13-inch baking dish, then press half the remaining lamb mixture evenly over the bottom of the pan. Spread half the onion-pine nut mixture over the meat. Add the rest of the meat to the pan, patting and pressing it with wet hands to make a smooth top. If desired, score the top with a sharp paring knife to make a traditional diamond pattern at least 1/2-inch deep.
Bake uncovered for 35 to 45 minutes, until the top is golden. Spread with the remaining onion-pine nut mixture. Serve warm, at room temperature or cool, with a dollop of yogurt.

Submitter: 
Gregg Hollander
Description: 
This recipe comes from the Lebanese grandmother of a good friend. It’s a basic baked kibbe that depends only on onion and cumin for its satisfying flavor. The granddaughter says that her people are from a mountainous area of Lebanon where not many spices are used. Other cooks might add cinnamon, allspice or clove, or a pinch of saffron, to the onion.

The preferred accompaniment is good, thick plain yogurt, but the dish is very good, too, with a salad of tomato and cucumber, bathed in a dressing of garlic, herbs and yogurt.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
60 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
