URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62904400/bulgogi-sloppy-joes-with-scallion-salsa/
Title:
Bulgogi Sloppy Joes With Scallion Salsa Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the bulgogi:
1 cup soy sauce
2 tablespoons sugar
1 tablespoon peeled and grated garlic
1 tablespoon sesame oil
3 tablespoons sake
2 tablespoons mirin
1 Asian pear, peeled, cored and puréed in a food processor
1 small carrot peeled and sliced into julienne
1 medium white onion peeled and sliced into julienne
1 cup apple juice
2 pounds beef brisket, chilled slightly and sliced thin
For the spicy mayonnaise:
1 cup mayonnaise
1 tablespoon soy sauce
3 tablespoons hot chili sauce, ideally Sriracha
For the scallion salsa:
1/2 cup soy sauce
2 tablespoons water
1/4 cup sugar
2 tablespoons gochugaru (Korean red-pepper flakes)
2 tablespoons grapeseed oil
2 tablespoons sesame oil
3 tablespoons rice vinegar
2 tablespoons mirin
1 tablespoon sesame seeds
2 bunches scallions, cleaned, dried and sliced on the bias
Unsalted butter
6 soft hamburger buns

Directions:
In a large, nonreactive bowl, combine the soy sauce, sugar, garlic, sesame oil, sake, mirin, pear, carrot, onion and apple juice. Add the sliced brisket, stir to combine, cover tightly and place in the refrigerator overnight or for at least six hours.
Meanwhile, in a small, nonreactive bowl, combine the mayonnaise, soy sauce and hot chili sauce and stir to combine. Taste and adjust flavors, then cover and store in the refrigerator until ready to use.
When you are ready to make the sandwiches, set one very large sauté pan (or two large ones) over high heat. Using tongs, lift meat from marinade in batches, allow to drain well, then cook, turning occasionally until the excess liquid has evaporated and the edges of the beef have started to crisp.
Meanwhile, combine all the ingredients for the salsa except for the scallions, then stir to combine.
Toast and butter the hamburger buns. Spread spicy mayonnaise on the buns, and using tongs, cover one side of each set of buns with bulgogi. Add a large pinch of scallions on top of each burger and drizzle with the dressing. Serve with cucumber kimchi.

Submitter: 
Gregg Hollander
Description: 
Toast a few hamburger buns and spread them with butter or spicy mayonnaise or both or neither. Then tong some meat onto the bread, or onto white rice if you like, with a side of steamed greens. Scatter some fresh scallions over the top, and let them have at it.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
0
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
