URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62902231/jambalaya/
Title:
Jambalaya Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5127290.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound chicken, shredded
1 pound smoked sausage, sliced
1 pound ham, diced (1/2 inch pieces)
2-3 bell peppers, diced
2-3 stalks celery, diced
1 large onion, diced (I usually use a sweet onion, like a vidalia)
3 cloves garlic, minced, or 3 tbsp crushed garlic
1-2 cups chicken stock
1-3 tablespoons vegetable oil or butter
2 (14.5 ounce) cans diced tomatoes
1 (6 ounce) can tomato paste
1/2 tablespoon chili powder
1/2 teaspoon hot sauce (I prefer crystal, but Frank's works just as well)
1/2 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper
1/2 tablespoon cajun seasoning (If the seasoning is low sodium, add a little salt to taste, but if you're using something like Tony Cahere's, you don't need the salt)
1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
3 bay leaves
2 cups uncooked white rice
Optional: 1 pound shrimp (either pre-cooked, or raw and deviened.)

Directions:
Okay, first off I usually do jambalaya as a meal to get rid of leftovers, either whenever we do a ham, or when we roast a whole chicken. I prefer using the chicken left over from a chicken carcass, but if you don't have one laying around, you can just cook and shred a few boneless chicken breasts. You're going to be using one pot for this whole meal, so make sure it's a big one... stock pot size works best.
First: In a large pot over medium heat, cook your bell pepper, onion, celery and garlic with the oil or butter until the onion starts to become translucent. You can add 1/2 cup of the chicken broth at this point, if you need to.
Add everything else to the pot, except for the stock, meat and rice. Reduce to low heat and simmer for about 15 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Add 1/2 cup of the broth, the chicken, the sausage and the ham to the pot. (If you're using raw shrimp you can add them at this point, or you can wait 20 minutes. They only need about 15-20 minutes to cook)
Continue to simmer it for about 15-20 minutes. Add the chicken stock as you need to thin it out.
Cook off your rice, in a rice cooker. You can add it to the pot uncooked, but that drastically increases your cook time! I usually partially cook mine, then toss it directly from the rice cooker to the pot.
Stir in the rice. Simmer until the rice is tender (about 30-45 minutes). (If you're using pre-cooked shrimp instead of raw, add them about 15 minutes before you serve.)
At this point you can serve it, or continue to simmer. The longer you simmer it the more the rice will soften... some people like their jambalaya to have a pasty consistency...

Submitter: 
ThePolo
Description: 
null
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
