URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62906621/restaurant-style-crab-rangoon/
Title:
Restaurant-Style “Crab” Rangoon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/705752.jpg
Ingredients:
SWEET & SOUR SAUCE:
1/2 cup pineapple juice
1/4 cup seasoned rice vinegar
1 teaspoon arrowroot
3-4 tablespoons granulated sugar
1-1/2 teaspoons tomato paste
"CRAB" RANGOON:
peanut oil for frying
¼ pound vegan crab (optional)
1 (8-ounce) container plain vegan cream cheese, at room temperature
2 teaspoons green onion, finely minced
1 small clove garlic, grated
1 teaspoon granulated sugar
½ teaspoon soy sauce (1 teaspoon if not using crab)
20-25 wonton wrappers

Directions:
Begin with the sauce by combining pineapple juice and rice vinegar in a small saucepan. Whisk in arrowroot until dissolved. Add sugar and tomato paste, and stir until combined. Cook over high heat, stirring continuously until mixture boils. Continue to cook and stir until sauce thickens slightly, approximately 30-60 seconds. Set aside and allow to cool.
Heat peanut oil in a medium-size saucepan until approximately 375º F.
Meanwhile, begin putting together the “crab” rangoon by combining “crab” (if using), cream cheese, green onion, garlic, sugar and soy sauce. Place approximately 1 tablespoon of filling in the center of each wonton wrapper and moisten the edges of each wonton wrapper with water. Gather all four corners together at the top and pinch gently to seal, ensuring that all sides are sealed.
Add 1-2 rangoon at a time to the preheated oil and fry until golden brown, about 15-20 seconds. They may need to be turned over and held down so that the tops are browned as well. Remove with a heat-resistant slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Repeat until all rangoon have been fried. Allow to cool before serving.

Submitter: 
megmeister
Description: 
This recipe for “Crab” Rangoon reminds me of the traditional restaurant-style version I used to have back when I ate meat. I LOVED this stuff. Vegan crab can be difficult to find in stores, but is available from online retailers such as Pangea and Vegan Essentials. Developed so that the “crab” is optional, the following recipe is complete with a simple recipe for Sweet & Sour Sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
