URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62902711/martis-stuffed-green-peppers/
Title:
Marti's Stuffed Green Peppers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup water
1/2 cup uncooked white rice
4 medium green bell peppers, topped and seeded
1/2 pound lean ground beef
olive oil for sauteing
1 onion, diced
1 shallot, diced
2 cloves garlic, minced
diced green pepper from tops
1 jalapeno, diced
2 Tbsp. fresh parsley, chopped
1 Tbsp. fresh mint, chopped
salt to taste
ground black pepper to taste
1 (8 oz.) can tomato sauce
1/4 cup dry red wine
1 cup finely shredded mozzarella cheese

Directions:
In a medium saucepan, bring water to a boil. Add rice and stir. Reduce heat, cover and simmer for 20 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place green bell peppers in a medium saucepan with enough water to cover. Bring to a boil and cook for 10 minutes. Remove peppers from the water and set aside in a loaf size baking dish.
In a large saute pan over medium heat, brown the ground beef in olive oil; drain. Return to heat and mix in onion, shallot, jalapeno and green pepper tops, garlic, parsley, mint, salt and pepper and continue to saute until veggies are soft. Add cooked rice. Pour in tomato sauce and wine and mix thoroughly. Let simmer for about 10 minutes. Remove from heat. Spoon meat mixture into each of the green peppers. Bake in preheated oven for 45 minutes or until mixture begins to turn golden brown.
Sprinkle mozzarella cheese over the top of each stuffed pepper. Return to the oven and bake until cheese is lightly browned, about 5 to 10 minutes.

Submitter: 
Marti
Description: 
Green peppers stuffed with a mixture of ground beef, rice, onion, shallot, garlic, peppers, herbs, tomato sauce and red wine topped with shredded mozzarella cheese and baked.Modified from: Kelsey's Favorite Stuffed Green Peppers
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
