URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62902146/emerils-lemon-rosemary-roasted-chicken/
Title:
Emeril's Lemon Rosemary Roasted Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Ingredients:
1 whole roasting chicken, about 3 to 4 pounds (remove necks, gizzards and livers from the cavity of the chicken; rinse chicken under cool water and pat dry) Emeril’s Essence or any seasoning of your choice
Ingredients for Roasted Vegetables:
1 lb. new potatoes (quartered), or 1 lb. Idaho potatoes (peeled and cut into eighths) 4 medium onions, peeled and quartered 8 carrots, peeled, cut in half lengthwise and then cut into eighths 3 celery stalks, cut stalks into quarters 2 tbsp. olive oil salt black pepper
Ingredients for Seasoning:
8 sprigs of fresh rosemary, leaves removed and finely chopped 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped zest of 3 lemons 1/4 cup olive oil salt black pepper
Ingredients for Emeril’s Essence:
2 1/2 tbsp. sweet paprika 2 tbsp. salt 2 tbsp. garlic powder 1 tbsp. black pepper 1 tbsp. onion powder 1 tbsp. Cayenne 1 tbsp. dried oregano 1 tbsp. dried thyme

Directions:
Instructions for Emeril’s Essence:
1. Mix all of the ingredients together and store in an airtight container. Can be stored for up to 3 months. Note: makes about 3/4 cup.
Instructions:
2. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees.
3. Season the whole chicken with Emeril’s Essence or seasoning of your choice.
4. In a medium-sized mixing bowl, combine the rosemary, garlic, lemon zest and 1/4 cup olive oil. Mix thoroughly. Season the mixture with salt and pepper.
5. Using your fingers, separate the thin membrane between the breast meat and skin, then spoon a quarter of the seasoning over each breast. Using a sharp knife make several slits in the leg, thigh and wing areas. Stuff the seasoning in the slits. Set aside.
6. In a mixing bowl, combine the vegetables and 2 tbsp. of oil. Season with salt and pepper. Toss well. Spread the vegetables evenly over and half-baking sheet or a shallow roasting pan.
7. Place the chicken on top of the vegetables.
8. Place in the middle rack in the oven. Cook for 30 minutes in your preheated 400-degree oven.
9. Reduce the heat to 350 degrees and continue to cook for 1 hour.
10. Remove from the oven and cool for about 10 minutes before serving.
11. Carve the chicken into 8 pieces. To serve, spoon some of the vegetables in the center of each plate. Lay 2 pieces of the chicken over the vegetables. Spoon any pan juices over the top of the chicken.

Submitter: 
FunkyCowgirl
Description: 
Fresh rosemary lemon chicken.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
idk
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
