URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62907285/laurries-rice-a-roni/
Title:
Laurrie's Rice-a-Roni Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/706699.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup rice....white or brown
1/2 cup crumbled vermicelli or angel hair pasta
2 cups stock
salt & pepper to taste
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 tablespoon butter
1/2-1 cup finely chopped vegetables, use whatever you like: celery, onion, garlic, carrot, or get crazy and jazzy with raisins, dried currants, pine nuts, walnuts...whatever taste you have that day, but make sure they are finely chopped or they will turn out rather crunchy and not appealing
1 teaspoon seasonings or 1 tablespoon chopped fresh herbs: again, whatever you have a taste for: poultry seasoning, celery or garlic salt (I would adjust the regular salt amount if you used these), or chopped parsley, chives, basil...just whatever you want.

Directions:
Brown broken pasta in olive oil & butter mixed over med-hi heat.It takes about 5 or 6 minutes. (Why oil & butter? Butter can burn easily over a higher heat, olive oil brings the burning temp. up so you can cook on a higher heat) Add rice and stir it around to coat it with oil, add veggies &  cook for around 3 or 4 minutes, just until the veggies start to soften just a bit. Add in a nice pich of salt and pepper, to taste.
Add in stock and herbs and bring it up to a rolling boil over high heat. Pop a cover on the pan and reduce heat to very low. Don't even think about touching that lid for 18 minutes...set a timer, it's perfect every time! **If using brown rice, it will need to boil on low for an extra half hour.**
Turn off the heat and, again, don't touch that lid for 15 minutes!
This is my foolproof way of cooking rice...the liquid absorbs in 18 minutes, but the rice is still just a bit crunchy for me. So, leave the lid on for 15 minutes and the rice will absorb back up all that steam that's in the pan and it comes out abslutely perfect every time.
Take the lid off, take a big sniff cuz it smells really good, fluff it up with a fork and it should pretty pretty freaking good and a lot more healthy than Rice-A-Roni!

Submitter: 
Momi
Description: 
From WitchyWoman's Life in an RV blog. Better than the boxed stuff!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 min
Ready in:
45-70 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
