URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62908314/stuffed-shells-i/
Title:
Stuffed Shells I Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb. Italian mild sausage
1/2 onion chopped
1 10 oz. package spinach, thawed and strained well
1 (16 ounce) package jumbo pasta shells
4 cups large curd cottage cheese
20 ounces shredded mozzarella cheese, divided
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese
2 eggs, lightly beaten
1 pinch garlic powder
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon dried parsley
2 (26 ounce) jars spaghetti sauce
1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese
Garlic Bread

Directions:
Cook shells according to package directions.  Place in cold water to stop cooking.  Drain. Squeeze all the moisture out of the spinach.
While pasta is cooking, brown the Italian sausage with chopped onion on medium high heat until done. Strain fat. Add spaghetti sauce to meat and stir. Spread 1/3 of spaghetti sauce in the bottom of a 15 x 10 inch pan.
Mix together spinach, cottage cheese, 12 oz. of the mozzarella cheese, 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese, eggs, and garlic powder.  Rub the dried herbs in the palms of your hands to pulverize them, and stir into the cheese mixture.
Stuff mixture into the shells using a ziploc bag with the corner cut off the size of a dime. Place shells open side up, and close together in pan.  Spread remaining sauce over top, and sprinkle with remaining 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese.
Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 25 minutes, add the remaining mozzarella cheese over top and cook for 10 - 15 minutes or until bubbly.  Let stand 10 minutes before serving.
Serve with Garlic bread

Submitter: 
Kilyena
Description: 
A creamy blend of cottage cheese, mozzarella, Parmesan and eggs is seasoned with garlic powder, oregano and parsley, then stuffed into magnificent jumbo shells of pasta. Simply blanket with spaghetti sauce, sprinkle with Parmesan and bake.Modified from: Stuffed Shells I
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
