URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62907159/apafia-farms-home-made-chicken-pot-pie/
Title:
Apafia Farm's  Home Made Chicken  Pot Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 Whole chicken de-boned and placed to the side.
1 16 oz of cream of chicken soup
1 cut up onion (sweet onions are best)
1/4 cup of butter
1 cup of milk (or you may use heavy whipping cream)
2 low fat cream cheeses (8 oz)
1 large package of mozzarella cheese (shredded)(1 lb)
1 package of Green Giant's frozen corn
4 frozen pie bottoms
4 pie toppings
Spike seasoning (if available) *If you don't have spike seasoning just use salt and pepper to your taste.  Otherwise sprinkle spike seasoning liberally all over top of mixture and stir in well

Directions:
Boil and de-bone your chicken.  Set aside.  Cut up your onion in small pieces.  Get a large frying pan and melt the butter in the frying pan.  Add the onions and let them cook a few minutes until soft.  Add the 16 oz of cream of chicken soup to this mixture.  Stir in well.  Add 1 cup of milk  (or heavy whipping cream)and mix well.  Sprinkle spike seasoning over this mixture for taste.  Cut up small chunks of the cream cheese and allow it to melt.  Place the frozen corn in the microwave and cook for 4 minutes.  Once corn is finished pour it into the mixture.  Go ahead and add your cooked chicken to mixture.  Stir on medium to low heat.  Take off of heat once cream cheese is melted well.
Prepare your bottom frozen pie shells.  Pour your mixture into each of the 4 pie shells.  Sprinkle the mozzarella cheese on top of each pie.  Then place pie toppings on each pie.  Cut small slits into each pie like you would for a real fruit pie.
Cook at 350 for 1 hour.  Allow pie to sit about 5 minutes before serving.  Place your other 3 pies in large gallon bags and freeze them.  They hold up extremely well in the freezer.
I have been making these pies for years. Hope you all enjoy the recipe as much as I have over the years!

Submitter: 
Holly Lynn Golden
Description: 
This is an unique chicken pot pie recipe that everyone has requested over and over again.   It is not your typical pot pie in that it just tastes all together different than your regular home made chicken pot pie!  The recipe given is to make 4 pies because we always freeze 3 and eat one.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
