URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62905234/mortons-macaroni-and-cheese/
Title:
Morton's Macaroni and Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
16 oz of cavatappi or penne pasta
4 teaspoons of salted butter
1/2 sweet onion, finely chopped
1 3/4 cups of heavy cream
8 oz of shredded sharp cheddar
1 6 oz block of cream cheese, cubed
6 oz of grated parmesan
3 oz of grated swiss cheese
8 oz of shredded sharp cheddar (for the topping)
1 cup of Italian flavored panko bread crumbs

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400°F
Cook the pasta according to the package directions until al dente. Drain but leave a little water on the pasta to keep it moist. Reserve another 1/2 cup of pasta water to thin the sauce. Return to the cooking pot and cover to keep warm.
In a medium saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat and sauté the onions for about 3 minutes or until tender. Add the cream and bring to a simmer. Stir in the cheddar, cream, parmesan and Swiss cheeses and cook, stirring, until the cheeses melt and are fully incorporated into the cream. Let the sauce reach a simmer. You will have about 3 1/4 cups of sauce.
Remove from the heat and using an immersion blender or hand-held electric mixer, beat for about 45 seconds until the cheeses and onions are completely blended. The sauce will be thick; thin it with the reserved 1/2 cup of pasta water and mix well. Season to taste with salt.
Ladle the sauce over the pasta and mix well with a rubber spatula. Transfer to a deep, 3-quart baking dish and spread the pasta and cheese evenly. Sprinkle the coarsely shredded cheese over the casserole and sprinkle with bread crumbs. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until hot and bubbling around the edges. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Craig Carlson
Description: 
This is a great macaroni and cheese recipe depending on your mood!  We go back and forth between this recipe and the old fashioned version that I fix.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
