URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62915834/nasi-goreng/
Title:
Nasi goreng Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/710107.jpg
Ingredients:
6 Shrimp
2 chicken legs and thighs
1 Red Hot Pepper, Or Jalapeno
2/3 Cups Of Rice
2 Carrots, Sliced
5 cloves of garlic, minced
2 shallots, Or 1 Onion, Chopped
2 Tomatoes, Diced
6 Oz Peas
2 tablespoons of soy sauce
1 tablespoon of fish sauce
1 Tablespoon of oyster sauce
2 Eggs (Optional)
1/4 teaspoon of tamarind (Optional)
2 tablespoons of Vegetable oil
2 Spring Onions, sliced
1 tablespoon of curry powder

Directions:
In a 3 3 quart pot with 4 cups of boiling water, Add rice, Turn Off heat, allow to cook for 10 Min's. The rice will be under cooked at this point. Allow rice to set strained in the refrigerator.
as you are cooking the rice, put chicken in a fry pan on high, and cover. When The chicken is done (it runs clear, or 165F) there should be some chicken stock that has formed in the pan. add this to a measuring cup, with soy sauce, oyster sauce, and fish sauce. Cut Up Chicken into bite size pecs, Set Chicken Aside.
Add rice to fry pan, on high heat, with of Vegetable oil, allow rice to fry string every min or so. the rice should start to dry a bit, stick, chewy. About 10 to 15 Min's
Add Peas, Carrots, garlic, shallots, Or onions, Hot pepper, Spring Onions, stir into rice and fry for 5 Min's.
Add chicken, shrimp, and stir in finishing sauce, curry powder, tamarind. Fry for 3 to 4 Min's.
Plate
Fry eggs, scrambled, divide and Add to top of each plate.

Submitter: 
Mark Farmer
Description: 
Indonesian Fried Rice. This Recipe Is A Cross Between Nasi goreng ayam And Nasi goreng sea food. This version uses chicken and shrimp.

My wife and I like our rice a bit firm. So the rice is cooked for only 10 Min's in water, and finished in the frying pan.

Nasi goreng was part of the dinner menu for Barack Obama's state visit to Indonesia in 2010, where he praised the dish.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
