URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62912012/spiced-plum-jelly/
Title:
Spiced Plum Jelly Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/779785.jpg
Ingredients:
7 cups pitted, quartered plums
1 cup water
3 cinnamon sticks
10 cloves
1 1" hunk of fresh ginger cut into slices
5 1/2 cups white sugar
1 tsp ground cinnamon
1/4 tsp ground nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon butter (optional)
1 (1.75 ounce) package (3 1/2 Tbsp) powdered fruit pectin

Directions:
Sterilize 6 - 8 8-oz jelly jars as per manufacturers direction - keep hot until ready for use.
Place the plums and water into a large pot, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes until fruit is softened.  Mashed with a potato masher.  Strain through several layers of cheesecloth or a damp jelly bag to yield about 4 1/2 cups of juice. (Add a little water if becessary)
Place juice in large saucepan with cinnamon sticks, cloves and ginger.  Simmer 15 minutes and strain.
Stir in the sugar and ground cinnamon, and add butter to reduce foaming, if needed. Bring the mixture to a full, rolling boil over high heat, stirring constantly, and then mix in the pectin quickly. Return to a full boil, and boil for 1 minute, stirring constantly. Remove from heat, and skim off and discard any foam.
Ladle into hot jars to within 1/4 inch of the top. Run a knife or a thin spatula around the insides of the jars after they have been filled to remove any air bubbles. Wipe the rims of the jars with a moist paper towel to remove any food residue. Top with lids, and screw on rings.
Process for 10 minutes in hot water canner.  Remove to cloth covered or wooden surface to cool completely.  Leave undisturbed for 24 hours to set.

Submitter: 
ChristineM
Description: 
A simple recipe of plums, sugar, pectin, and a little butter makes a delicious homemade jam.Modified from: Plum Jam
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
128
Nutritional Facts:
NA
