URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62919856/minestrone-soup---slow-cooker/
Title:
Minestrone Soup - Slow Cooker Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/712188.jpg
Ingredients:
1 lb bacon, diced
2 1/2 Lbs of Beef, Cubed
1 1/2 cups of carrots, sliced
1 1/2 cups of peas
1 1/2 cups of green beans, cut
1 1/2 cups of dried or canned pinto beans
1 1/2 cups of cabbage chopped
3 cups of fresh or (2 15 oz cans of tomatoes), diced
1 Oz of tomato paste
8 cups of beef stock
1 onion, diced
5 cloves of garlic
1 red chili pepper, diced (with or without seeds)
1 green chili pepper, diced (with or without seeds)
1/2 teaspoon basil
1/2 teaspoon marjoram
1/2 teaspoon oregano
1/2 teaspoon rosemary
1/2 teaspoon thyme
2 Bay leaves
1/2 teaspoon black pepper
2 1/2 cups cooked (Zita, Pennie, Canneroni) Or rice
2 tablespoons of olive oil
Salt to taste
parmesan cheese (to top each dish, as desired)
2 tablespoons of flour or corn starch (optional)

Directions:
In a hot fry pan, with olive oil add, And brown beef. You may need to brown in batches due to the amount of beef.
In A fry pan Use medium to medium-low, Or on A rack in A baking pan brown the bacon at about 400F, 17 to 20 minutes, cut into bite size pieces.
Set slow cooker on high
Add all vegetables, spices, tomatoes and tomato paste, and meat to slow cooker.
Allow to cook for 240 mins.
Optional: If you would like your soup thickened you can use some flour or corn starch. use this prior to serving and allow to thicken may take 15 mins or so in a slow cooker that is slightly boiling along the edges.
Take A few ounces of cooked pasta and put into a bowl, then add some of the cooked minestrone soup to the bowl. This will keep the pasta from becoming soggy, and over cooked.
Add some Parmesan cheese to the top

Submitter: 
Mark Farmer
Description: 
Minestrone soup is an Italian soup, And is a thick soup made with vegetables, often with the addition of pasta or rice. Common ingredients include beans, onions, celery, carrots, stock, and tomatoes. minestrone is one of the cornerstones of Italian cuisine, and is almost as common as pasta on Italian tables. Some of the earliest origins of minestrone soup pre-date the expansion of the Latin tribes of Rome into what became the Roman Republic and later Roman Empire, when the local diet was vegetarian by necessity. The Roman army is said to have marched on minestrone and pasta e ceci
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
60
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
