URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62915736/challah-i-12-of-original-recipe/
Title:
Challah I 1/2 of original recipe Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/4 cups warm water (110 degrees F/45 degrees C)
1 packet active dry yeast
1/2 cup honey
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 eggs + 3 yokes
1/2 tablespoon salt
4 cups unbleached all-purpose flour

Directions:
In a large bowl, sprinkle yeast over 110 degree water.  Beat in honey, oil, 3 egg yokes, and salt. Add the flour one cup at a time, beating after each addition, graduating to kneading with hands as dough thickens.  Knead until smooth and elastic and no longer sticky, adding flour as needed.  Cover with a damp clean cloth and let rise for 1 1/2 hours or until dough has doubled in bulk.
Punch down the raised dough and turn out onto floured board.  Knead for five minutes or so, adding flour as needed to keep from getting sticky.  Divide into thirds and roll into long snake about 1 1/2 inches in diameter.  Pinch the top ends of the three snakes together firmly and braid as follows:
Lift the left dough rope and place it between the right and middle ropes. Lift the right rope and place it between the left and middle ropes, then the left rope between the right and middle ropes and so on until you reach the ends. Tuck both ends of the braid underneath the loaf.  Either leave as braid or form into a round braided loaf by bringing ends together, curving braid into a circle, pinch ends together.
Grease a baking tray and place finished braid or round on it.  Cover with moist towel and let rise about one hour.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Beat the remaining egg and brush a generous amount over each braid. Sprinkle with poppy seeds if desired.
Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for about 34 minutes. Bread should have a nice hollow sound when thumped on the bottom. Cool on a rack for at least one hour before slicing.

Submitter: 
THE BEAVER FAMILY
Description: 
Traditional egg bread for the Jewish Sabbath. One Loaf.Modified from: Challah I
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
3 hrs 34 min
Number of servings: 
7
Nutritional Facts:
NA
