URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62915439/clone-of-a-cinnabon-for-yada/
Title:
Clone of a Cinnabon (for Yada) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/883865.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup warm milk (110 degrees F/45 degrees C)
2 eggs, room temperature
1/3 cup butter, melted
4 1/2 cups bread flour
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup white sugar
1 7g packet of Fleishmann's dry active yeast
.................
1 1/2 cups brown sugar, packed
3 tablespoons ground cinnamon
1/3 cup butter, softened
.................
1/2 Cup powdered sugar
water
1/8 tsp vanilla

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 150 degress.  Gently warm the milk on the stove to reach 110 degrees and then remove from heat. Do not allow the milk to get hot or it will kill the yeast and your bread won't rise.  Add 1/4 C sugar and the yeast packet.  Stir.  Let it sit for about 10 minutes.  The milk will foam up as the yeast gets active.
Add the remaining 1/4 C sugar, melted butter and eggs and mix well.  Add bread flour and salt, stir, then remove from bowl onto floured surface and knead.
Place the dough in a large bowl and cover with a wet towel.  Place bowl in the preheated oven, close the door and turn the oven off.  Let dough rise in oven for 1 hour, til it has doubled in size.
Meanwhile, mix brown sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl.  Soften butter. Remove raised dough from oven and punch the center down.
Turn out the dough onto floured surface and roll out to a large rectangle.  Spread the softened butter onto dough, then cover with brown sugar/cinnamon mixture.  Gently roll the dough from top to bottom.  Use thread to cut the dough into individual rolls, about 1 1/2 inches thick.  Place rolls into a greased 9x13 pan and let rise for 30 minutes or place in fridge overnight.
The next morning, remove from fridge and preheat to 350.  Bake for 30 minutes until tops are golden brown.  Be sure to invert the rolls into another 9x13 pan so the cinnamon coats them entirely.
Meanwhile, make frosting:  Mix water and powdered sugar until desired consistency.  I usually add 1/8 tsp of vanilla as well.  Frost hot cinnamon rolls and serve to delighted loved ones!

Submitter: 
Joy
Description: 
Perfect cinnamon buns on a rainy Autumn day! Here are a few tweaks for making Marsha's original recipe without a bread machine. Assemble these the night before so they're ready to bake in the morning -- quick, fresh and delicious!Modified from: Clone of a Cinnabon
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
