URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62916546/turkey-with-potatoes-and-spicy-cheese-sauce/
Title:
Turkey, With Potatoes and Spicy Cheese Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/710515.jpg
Ingredients:
3 Turkey Legs Or Wings
3 potatoes, Sliced, Skin On
3 tablespoons flour
1 cup milk
12 Oz shredded Extra Sharp Cheddar cheese
1 Jalapeno Pepper, Diced
1 Red chili pepper, Diced

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Coat Inside Of Casserole Dish With Oil
Clean Then Slice Potatoes, Layer Potatoes On The Bottom Of A Casserole Dish.
Dice Peppers, If using Hot peppers Use rubber gloves, or make sure you wash your hands after slicing, and dicing. If you wish the dish more spicy keep the seeds with the diced peppers.
Create A Thick White Sauce Using extra flour, (Without Butter, The Cheese Will Add The Oil For The Sauce, Without making the sauce to Oily), Milk, And Flour In A Sauce Pan. Heat And Stir Til Thickened, Turn Off Heat. Once the turkey legs or wings cook some of the turkey juice will come out, this is why a thicker than normal white sauce helps keep the sauce thick.
Take Grated Extra Sharp Cheddar Cheese And Add To White Sauce, Stir Till Completely Blended And Smooth.
Add Diced Peppers to the cheese sauce.
Pour Cheese Sauce Over Top Of Sliced Potatoes.
Put Turkey On Top Of Potatoes, And Cheese Sauce.
Put Covered Dish Into Oven For 1 1/2 Hours, Uncover, Cook Uncovered For 30 Mins.
Salt And Pepper To Taste (The Cheese Adds Salt So Use Care). My wife did not add any salt, but I did and normally do.
Top potatoes with shredded Cheese
Note: The cooking times and temp, both covered and uncovered are the recommended times and temperature from butterball. you may need to adjust your times and temp depending on your stove. The internal temperature must reach 165F

Submitter: 
Mark Farmer
Description: 
I was cooking turkey legs today, and decided to use a cheese sauce with the potatoes when cooking them with the turkey in a casserole dish. To spice up the dish a bit I used Jalapeno, And red peppers, Also using Extra Sharp Cheddar Cheese To Add A Bold Cheese taste.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
