URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62919151/fuji-apple-spice-cake-with-cream-cheese-frosting/
Title:
Fuji Apple Spice Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the Cake:
3 cups all purpose flour
1 3/4 teaspoons ground cinnamon
1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground allspice
1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg or ground nutmeg
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature
1 1/4 cups sugar
3/4 cup (packed) golden brown sugar
3 large eggs
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
2 tablespoons bourbon, apple brandy, or rum (optional)
1 1/2 cups unsweetened applesauce
2 medium Fuji or gala apples (13 to 14 ounces total), peeled, halved, cored, cut into 1/3-inch cubes
1 1/2 cups finely chopped pecans (about 6 ounces)
For Frosting:
2 8-ounce package cream cheese, room temperature
1 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature
2 tablespoon vanilla extract
Pinch of salt
4 1/2 cups powdered sugar (measured, then sifted)
Coarsely chopped toasted pecans (for garnish)

Directions:
Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 350F. Butter and flour two 9-inch-diameter cake pans with 2-inch high sides. Line bottom of each pan with parchment paper round.
Whisk first 7 ingredients in medium bowl.
Using electric mixer, beat 1 cup butter in large bowl until fluffy.  Add both sugars and beat until smooth. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition.
Beat in vanilla, then bourbon, if desired (mixture may look curdled). Add flour mixture to egg mixture in 3 additions alternately with applesauce in 2 additions, beating until blended after each addition. Stir in apples and pecans.
Divide batter between cake pans; smooth tops.
Bake cakes until tester inserted into center of each comes out clean, about 50 minutes.
Transfer cakes to racks and cool in pans 15 minutes. Cut around pan sides to loosen cakes. Invert cakes onto racks; peel off parchment paper. Place another rack atop 1 cake and invert again so that cake is rounded side up. Repeat with second cake and cool completely.
Using electric mixer, beat cream cheese and butter in large bowl until smooth. Beat in vanilla extract and pinch of salt. Gradually add powdered sugar, beating until frosting is smooth and creamy, about 2 minutes.
Frost the cakes after they are completely cool.

Submitter: 
Craig Carlson
Description: 
I got this out of a cooking magazine, and I love it.  The cake isn't too sweet on its own, but the cream cheese frosting is a great touch.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
m
Ready in:
120 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
