URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62918119/lemon-victoria-sandwich-cake-with-raspberries-strawberries-and-clotted-cream/
Title:
Lemon Victoria Sandwich Cake with Raspberries, Strawberries and Clotted cream Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/711149.jpg
Ingredients:
For the batter:
1 cup of sifted flour
1 cup of sugar
4 eggs
2 teaspoons of lemon zest
1/2 teaspoon of vanilla sugar
1 teaspoon of baking powder
To decorate:
Coconut shred (optional)
1/2 cup raspberries
1/2 cup strawberries
(Or you may use kiwis and bananas)
Cream
1 cup of milk
3 tablespoons of sugar
3 tablespoons of flour
2 eggs
1/2 teaspoon of vanilla sugar
1/3 cup of condensed milk

Directions:
Batter preparation:
Mix sugar with eggs gradually, then add lemon zest, vanilla sugar and baking powder; after that start gradually add sifted flour.
Preheat the oven to 350 F; preheat a tin, where you will pour the batter.
Grease the tin with butter or margarine, pour the batter in it and bake for 20-25 minutes until the toothpick comes out of the cake clean.
While the cake is baking let’s cook the cream.
Cream Prepapration:
Step 1. Divide the milk into 2 halves. Mix 1/2 cup of milk with eggs, flour and vanilla sugar. Set aside.
Step 2. Mix 1/2 cup of milk with sugar. Put on medium heat, stir constantly until starts to boil. Por the 2nd part of cream (with eggs and flour in) and stir constantly, until it starts to boil again.
Step 3. Take the cream off the gas and add the condensed milk after it cools off a little.
Your cream is ready.
Decorating:
When the sponge cake is baked and cooled off a little take it out of the tin and cut the sponge into two parts lengthwise. Now when you have two sponges choose one which will be the best for the “foundation” and cover it with your clotted cream.
Take the raspberries and put it on the first layer of your cake. I put one or two circles (one inside another) on the first layer. Put the second sponge on top of first, press a little, cover the first layer with cream and decorate with coconut shred. Put the berries on top of the cake: raspberries and strawberries will be good or bananas and kiwis will be nice as well.
Put the cake in the refrigerator for 1-3 hours (optional).
The cake tastes better when cooled off.
Enjoy!

Submitter: 
helenscooking
Description: 
The last day of September is a double Birthday Day in my family. So I was looking for a cake that would be simple, fast and that wouldn’t require a lot of time in the kitchen.

My Facebook friend Dor from La Difference Catering offered me to cook a Classic Victoria Sandwich, so I improvised and changed couple ingredients, as well as added couple of new.

This is how the ready cake looks like. It’s a shame I didn’t get a chance to picture it when cut it looks amazing inside too. But it vanished too fast.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
0h:25m
Ready in:
0h:50m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
