URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62915302/okees-irish-soda-oatmeal-bread/
Title:
O'Kee's Irish Soda Oatmeal Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/709854.jpg
Ingredients:
Wet Ingredients:
1 cup old fashioned rolled oats
2 cups cultured buttermilk, or whole-fat grass-fed yogurt, or Quark with 3 T whey added, or kefir
3 TB dark molasses or black treacle
Dry Ingredients:
3 cups whole wheat flour, preferably stone ground
1 cup all-purpose flour, plus extra for working dough
1 ½ tsp. salt
1 ½ tsp. baking soda
1 tsp cream of tartar

Directions:
Mix wet ingredients, then, separately, mix dry ingredients thoroughly with a whisk.
Pour dry into the wet, stirring with a wooden spoon JUST until combined.
Knead dough 3 or 4 times on a lightly flour surface.
Divide dough in half.
Pat each half down, gently, into a 6” diameter loaf.
With sharp knife, score the loaves into quarters, cutting 1-inch down.
Wrap each round in plastic, placing on a plate or cookie sheet, room temperature, a minimum of 12 hours. After 12 hours, if you’re not ready to bake the loaves, refrigerate for up to 2 days.
When ready to bake, heat oven to 400°F.
Place loaves on ungreased baking sheet.
Bake for 15 minutes.
Reduce heat to 350°F and bake for 20-minutes longer, or until loaves are brown on top and hollow sounding when tapped on bottom.
Allow to cool for 10-minutes before slicing.
Cut slices 3/4-inch wide, the entire width of the boule, and then cut in half again.

Submitter: 
Dana Kee
Description: 
~PLAN AHEAD 12 HOURS~ In Ireland, soda bread is eaten with a main meal (to soak up the gravy), typically at breakfast. It comes in two main colors, brown and white, and two main types: cake and farl. Cake is bread kneaded and shaped into a flattish round - a loaf, if you will - which is then baked in an oven. Farl is dough rolled out into a rough circle and cut crosswise into four pieces (farl is a generic term for any triangular piece of baking), then grilled in a heavy frying pan rather than in the oven.  It's flatter and moister than cake.  This bread is delicious prepared either way!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
12 h
Ready in:
12 h, 15 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
