URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62918556/white-chili-with-turkey/
Title:
White Chili with Turkey Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 onion, chopped
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 1/2 pounds turkey or chicken breasts
1-2 Tbsp. vegetable oil
2 (4 ounce) cans canned green chile peppers, chopped
1 tablespoon ground cumin
1 tablespoon dried oregano
1/2 to 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
ground cayenne pepper to taste
ground white pepper to taste
3 (15 ounce) cans cannellini beans, drained and rinsed
5 cups chicken broth
2 cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese

Directions:
In a large heavy pot over medium-high heat, bring the chicken stock to a boil.  Add the turkey/chicken breasts and reduce to simmer; cook for 10-15 minutes.  Remove turkey/chicken and set aside.  Reserve 2 - 3 cups stock.
In the same pot (no need to wash it in between steps), heat the oil over medium heat.  Add the onion and saute for 5 - 7 minutes. When the onion is softened, add the garlic, cumin and cinnamon.  Cook, stirring frequently, until fragrant.  Add the chile peppers, oregano, cayenne pepper and white pepper to taste and saute for 5 more minutes.
Shred the turkey/chicken with two forks and add to the pot, tossing to combine
Add 2 cans of the beans and the chicken broth to the pot. Take the remaining can of beans and puree them in a blender or food processor (may add up to 2 Tbsp. chicken broth if the puree is too thick). Add this to the pot along with the cheese. Stir well and simmer for 10 minutes, allowing the cheese to melt.

Submitter: 
ANYAFIRE
Description: 
Shredded turkey and cannellini beans are combined with green chilies, onion and garlic in this chicken stock based soup seasoned with cumin, oregano and cinnamon.  Serve with grated jack cheese.  Also terrific for Thanksgiving leftovers; don't bother with any further cooking of the turkey breasts, and reduce the amount of chicken broth to 2 1/2 cups.Modified from: White Chili with Ground Turkey
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
