URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62923958/pork-roast-slow-cooked-with-veggies/
Title:
Pork Roast slow cooked with veggies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Ingredients
1 large onion, sliced
2 Large carrots peeled and cut in slices
6 Yukon Gold Potatoes cut in 4's
4 cloves of fresh garlic
Good Olive Oil
1/4 teaspoon Thyme
1/4 teaspoon Corrider
1/4 teaspoon Chili powder
1/4 teaspoon Garlic Powder
1/4 teaspoon Onion Powder
1/4 teaspoon Fresh Cracked black pepper
2 1/2 pounds boneless pork loin roast
1 cup hot water
1/4 cup white sugar
1 cup white wine
3 tablespoons red wine vinegar
2 tablespoons soy sauce
1 tablespoon ketchup
1/2 teaspoon black pepper
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
1 dash hot pepper sauce, or to taste
2 tablespoons flour

Directions:
1. Arrange onion and carrots slices evenly over the bottom of the slow cooker, and then Rub olive oil on roast and combine your spice in a bowl and rub them all over your roast, place roast in hot skillet with hot olive oil and brown all sides. Now place the roast on top of the onions and carrots. Put fresh garlic through garlic press, place in bowl with a dash of hot water to make a paste.  Smear the paste all over the roast.
In a bowl, mix together water, white wine, sugar, vinegar, soy sauce, ketchup, black pepper, salt, garlic powder, and hot sauce; pour over roast.
2. Cover, and cook on Low for 6 to 8 hours, or on High for 3 to 4 hours.
3. Once roast and veggies are done remove 2 cups of the broth.  Now make a rue, place 2 tbs of soft butter in a small bowl and mix in the flour.  In a skillet place and heat some olive oil, once hot place butter flour mixer in and stir.  Then add broth mix together to make gravy if to thick add some half and half milk or hot water.
Serve gravy over roast and veggies and some french bread.

Submitter: 
Reesa's Fab Kitchen online
Description: 
This is a favorite of my family just when it is starting to get cold outside.  I made it last week!  It was so yummy.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
