URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62927146/banana-apple-bread/
Title:
Banana Apple Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 3/4 cups all-purpose flour (may use 1 cup whole wheat flour)
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup butter, melted (may use ½ cup applesauce)
2 cups white sugar
4 eggs
1 cup plain Greek yogurt
1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract
3 large very ripe bananas, mashed
2 apples, cubed
3/4 cup chopped walnuts (optional)
1/2 cup packed brown sugar
1/2 cup white sugar
1 tablespoon ground cinnamon
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
3 tablespoons butter, softened
banana slices for garnish
apple slices for garnish

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease 2 7x3-inch loaf pans.
In a bowl, whisk together 2 3/4 cups of flour, 2 teaspoons of cinnamon, the baking soda, and salt until thoroughly combined. In a large mixing bowl, beat the melted butter with 2 cups of sugar until smooth, and mix in the eggs, one at a time, followed by the Greek yogurt and vanilla extract. Mix in dry ingredients until moist.
Stir in the bananas, apples, and chopped walnuts until well combined; do not over mix. There should be small chunks of banana visible in the batter. Pour half the batter into each prepared loaf pan.
Mix the brown sugar, 1/2 cup of white sugar, 1 tablespoon of cinnamon, 1/4 cup of flour, and 3 tablespoons of softened butter together in a bowl until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Sprinkle half the crumb topping over each loaf. Garnish each loaf with banana and apple slices.
Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes, then remove and cover each pan with aluminum foil. Return to oven, and bake an additional 15 or 20 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the loaves comes out clean. Allow to cool before serving.

Submitter: 
MARIE604
Description: 
Banana bread is chock full of delicious banana flavor. Cubed apples and a cinnamon crumble topping add their sweet taste to this family favorite.Modified from: Banana Apple Bread
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
30
Nutritional Facts:
NA
