URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62929873/1-minute-cake/
Title:
1 Minute Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons flour
1 tablespoon sugar, plus
1 teaspoon sugar
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
2 teaspoons cocoa powder
1 pinch salt
2 tablespoons milk
1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract
3/4 teaspoon oil

Directions:
1. Mix all dry ingredients. Add milk, vanilla extract and oil and until well blended. Spray a 10 to 12 ounce microwave-safe cup with cooking spray. Pour the batter into the cup.
2. Microwave at full power for 1 minute. Depending upon the strength of your microwave and shape of your cup or container, you may need to cook the cake longer in 15 second increments until done.
3. Microwave?!?! I can see some eyes rolling!
4. Don't worry. As long as you don't overcook, it won't turn rubbery. Since it contains no eggs, you don't have to worry about salmonella with the short cooking time. Also, the cake will puff up so don't fill a very small container. It needs some room to rise.
5. It's not a fancy cake but when you eat it warm with whipped cream, ice cream or a chocolate glaze, it tastes pretty good. It's great for when you're craving for something sweet but don't want the temptation of an entire cake in your house. Plus, it's super fast to make.
6. This recipe is pretty versatile.
7. You can change the flavor of the cake by adding drops of various extracts: almond, mint, etc.
8. You can add chocolate chips, dollops of jam, mini candy bar, peanut butter cup, shredded coconut etc.
9. If you don't like chocolate and want to make a white cake, you can omit the cocoa and add an extra tsp of flour (to make up for some of the lost dry measurement), and candied ginger, various spices, citrus extracts or anything you like.
10. You can substitute the milk with different liquids.

Submitter: 
David S. Novak
Description: 
It's not a fancy cake but when you eat it warm with whipped cream, ice cream or a chocolate glaze, it tastes pretty good. It's great for when you're craving for something sweet but don't want the temptation of an entire cake in your house. Plus, it's super fast to make.

Read more:
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
