URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62924110/pineapple-upside-down-cupcakes/
Title:
Pineapple (upside down) Cupcakes! Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/714016.jpg
Ingredients:
•	1 Duncan Hines Supreme Pineapple Mix
•	3 eggs
•	1 and 1/3 cups pineapple juice
•	1/3 cup vegetable oil
•
•
•	1 can crushed pineapple
•	1 and ½ cups brown sugar
•	1 stick melted butter
•	Marachino cherries

Directions:
1.	Preheat your oven to 350 degrees F
2.	Combine the first 4 ingredients. The Duncan Hines box shows to add 1 and 1/3 cups of water to the mixture, but we are substituting that for pineapple juice to enhance the flavor. Other than this substitution, the rest of the ingredients match what the box uses.
3.	(Spray your muffin tins with cooking spray before proceeding!!!)
4.	Next, take the (melted) stick of butter and put about a tsp. of butter into each cake tin. Repeat action with brown sugar this time using 1 tbs per tin.
5.	Now add in the maraschino cherries to the center of each individual tin. Since the sugar and butter haven't been melted together, the sugar mound will help the cherries stay in place.
6.	Take a heaping tbs of crushed pineapple and place it into each tin, compacting it down into the tin a to make room for the cake batter.
7.	Finally, take your cake mixture and pour the batter over the top of the crushed Pineapple. Do not overflow the tins, but fill them up to the edge. (This cake doesn't rise much while baking, so the cakes aren't going to expand and mold together over the top.)
8.	Set your cakes into the middle rack of your preheated oven, and let the cakes bake fore 20 minutes. (give or take a couple) To test the done-ness of your cakes, simply insert a toothpick into the center of one of the cakes. If the toothpick comes out clean, your cakes are done.
9.	When cakes are done, allow the to cool for at least 5 minutes before attempting to flip them. For easier clean-up, line counter-top with wax paper before flipping cakes as they sometimes are a little messy coming out. Once your cakes have had time to cool, they are ready to come out. Make sure to flip quickly and onto a flat surface. Dust with confectioners sugar for an added effect.

Submitter: 
Bri
Description: 
Love to make these little guys for family gatherings or just as treats for home to pack into lunches. Easy recipe to make. Adaptations can be made to make this completely from scratch. This is just a yummy simplified version! To watch a video of me making these go to or check out my blog at ddbybri.com
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25
Ready in:
45
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
