URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62929894/microwave-mug-cheesecake/
Title:
Microwave Mug Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 ounces low fat cream cheese, softened to room temperature
1/2 cup low fat sour cream
1/4 teaspoon vanilla
2 tablespoons sugar
2 tablespoons egg white, slightly beaten (egg whites in a carton work fine)
1/2 teaspoon lemon juice
1/2 teaspoon cornstarch (prevents liquid from forming)

Directions:
For "mix ins", add 1 tablespoon mini chocolate chips, or swirl in (not stir) 1 tablespoon jam of choice.
In a 1 cup or larger microwave proof mug, beat the cream cheese until light and fluffy with a small whisk. Mix in the sour cream, vanilla, sugar, egg, lemon juice and cornstarch. Whisk about 2 minutes until light. Alternatively, the mixture may be mixed in a small bowl with a hand held electric mixer and then poured into the mug. Add any "mix-ins", or swirl in jam at this time. Microwave on medium for 2 1/2 minutes* (in a 650 watt microwave). Since microwave powers are different, you may need to experiment. You want the center to just start to bubble, and then stop cooking. If it is allowed to bubble and cook further, the mixture will "break" and you'll need to start over. Make a note of the successful cooking time for your microwave. Take out of the microwave and let cool to room temperature and then refrigerate until fully chilled, about 1 1/2-2 hours. If any liquid has formed, carefully pour out. Sprinkle with graham cracker mixture and top with any topping of your choice.
*I also had success with 1 minute 50 seconds on high.

Submitter: 
David S. Novak
Description: 
I was telling a friend about my 1-2-3 Chocolate Microwave Mug Cake and kept thinking there had to be equally easy and delicious alternatives. I had some cream cheese and sour cream in the refrigerator and played around with a microwave cheesecake. The first time I overcooked it, but the second time was a charm. It was creamy and delicate from the first bite.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
