URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62923102/best-bread-machine-bread/
Title:
Best Bread Machine Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/713450.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup warm water (about 110 degrees F/45 degrees C) or room temp
1 1/2 tsp salt
1/4 cup vegetable oil (canola oil works well; may try olive oil if you like that flavor and must be at room temp)
1 1/2  cups bread flour
1 1/2 cups whole wheat flour
2 Tbsp vital gluten
2 Tbsp granulated sugar
1 (.25 ounce) package bread machine yeast = 2 1/4 tsp. ( at room temp)

Directions:
FOR CUISINART BREADMAKER....BE SURE TO PLACE THE PADDLE FIRMLY IN THE BREAD PAN BEFORE ADDING ANY INGREDIENTS.
Place warm (not hot) water and salt in the pan of the bread machine. Stir to dissolve.
Add 1/4 c. oil.
In separate bowl mix bread flour, whole wheat flour, vital gluten and sugar.  Pour into bread machine container on top of liquids but don't stir them together(let the bread machine do the work).
Add room temperature yeast on top of flour.
Select 1.5 lb setting, Basic or White Bread setting, light crust setting, then press Start.
TO SET TIME DELAY:
After you have selected the 1.5 lb setting,  Basic White Bread Setting (which is "1"), light crust setting, press the Delay + button which advances displayed time by 10 minute increments until you have set the number of hours until you want the bread to be done.
For example:  After selecting the other settings the display will say something like 3:25 which is the time it will take for the bread machine to mix, rest, raise, rest and bake the bread.  It is 7AM and you want the bread to be ready at 5PM.  That is in 10 hours.  You keep pressing the delay + button until the LED reads 10:00.  The bread will start the process automatically at the right time to be done at 5PM.  The machine will keep it warm until you turn it off.
As soon as you remove the bread from the bread pan, place on a rack to cool; baste with butter while warm to keep the crust soft and moist.
Makes great toast and sandwich bread.  Has a nice crumb that holds together but is not a dense heavy bread.

Submitter: 
NJHoffman
Description: 
This very easy-to-follow recipe makes a soft bread with a flaky crust. It is an adaptation that works best for my Cuisinart bread machine of SHECOOKS2 BEST BREAD MACHINE BREAD recipe.  Thank you for this very good basic recipe that someone figured out costs about 50-75 cents a loaf that makes about 12 slices.  Please see her recipe for many reviews with interesting adaptations.Modified from: Best Bread Machine Bread
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
3.5 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
