URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62927423/buffalo-chicken-bites/
Title:
Buffalo Chicken Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/715378.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup finely diced cooked chicken breast
1/2 cup crumbled blue cheese
2 tablespoons shredded cheddar cheese
1/4 cup hot sauce (Frank's brand is what I used)
4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled
2 1/4 teaspoons rapid rise dry yeast
2 tablespoons brown sugar
1 cup warm milk ( I used 2%)
2 1/2 cups of flour

Directions:
in a small bowl, combine chicken, blue cheese, cheddar cheese, butter and hot sauce; set aside.In a 1 cup measuring cup, heat milk and add 2 tablespoons brown sugar; stir into warm milk until dissolved; place in bowl of a stand mixer fitted with dough hook. Add 2 1/2 cups flour and yeast to the stand mixer and mix on low speed until a soft dough forms, adding up to 1/2 cup additional flour, a little at a time, if necessary. Allow the dough to knead in the stand mixer for 5-7 minutes. Turn out dough onto a lightly floured surface and gently knead a few times to form a smooth ball. Place dough into a clean bowl that's been lightly oiled. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise in a draft-free place at warm room temperature until doubled and bubbles appear on surface, about 2 hours.Preheat oven to 400°F with rack in the middle of the oven. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper; set aside.Turn out dough onto a lightly floured surface and cut into 4 equal pieces. Lightly dust your hands with flour, gently roll and stretch 1 piece of dough to form a 12-inch-long rope. Flatten dough & arrange so a long side is nearest you, then roll out to a roughly 12- by 4-inch rectangle with a lightly floured rolling pin. press one fourth of buffalo chicken mixture into lower third of rectangle, leaving a 1/2-inch border along bottom edge. Stretch bottom edge of dough up over filling & press tightly to seal, then roll up as tightly as possible to form a rope. Cut rope into 12 pieces,transfer to a sheet pan. Make 3 more ropes with remaining dough, filling & cut into pieces. Let rest at room temperature, uncovered, 30 mins.Bake 5-7 minutes. Brush with a little melted butter before serving.

Submitter: 
Cathy Compeau
Description: 
Experiment with other fillings such a steak, provolone, sauteed peppers and onions for Philly Cheesesteak Bites... or even pepperoni, italian sausage, mozzarella and mushrooms for Pizza Bites. The filling ideas are endless!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
3 h
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
