URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62927439/pork-chile-verdi---authentic/
Title:
Pork Chile Verdi - Authentic Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 pounds Pork butt roast; (pre-diced pork works well for a faster preparation. Just brown in
2 tablespoons Canola oil or Bacon Grease
2 medium Onions; chopped small
3 cloves Fresh garlic; peeled and minced
6 tablespoons Flour
1 15-oz can Tomatoes; drained
2 cups diced green chilies; mild green in can
1 large can tomatillos; approx 5-6 in a can with juice
1 each Fresh jalapeno's; core, remove seeds and minced fine ( optional )
5 cups chicken broth
2 tablespoons ground cumin; (or to taste)
1 tablespoon ground chili powder; (or to taste) (optional)
1 teaspoon salt; (if needed, taste before adding)
1 tablespoon Oregano Fresh; minced
2 tablespoons Fresh cilantro; chopped

Directions:
1-Sear pr-cut, cubed pork roast in a large pan with olive oil until meat is just browned lightly season with salt and pepper and pinch of garlic.
2-Cool meat enough to handle.
3-Process 1/2 of the green chilies until smooth.
4-In the same large pan, melt the lard or bacon grease (or heat oil).
5-Add onions chiles, and 1/2 jalapenos and garlic; saute until tender but not brown.
6-Stir flour into the onion, garlic and fat until flour absorbs the oil or fat.
7-Add broth.
8-Cook and stir until mixture comes to boil and is slightly thickened.
9-Add cubed meat, drained tomatoes, chopped tomatillos, all of the green chilies and jalapenos if desired.
10-Add the spices a little at a time until you get the taste you like, bringing to a simmer before each addition.
11-Simmer for at least 1 hour, stirring occasionally to prevent it from sticking to the bottom of the pan.
12-If you want more of a stew type chili, add very small cubed potatoes 20 minutes before serving; serve with warm tortillas.
13-Serve over warm tortillas or serve over burritos and garnish with cheese, lettuce, tomatoes and sour cream or with a good pico-de-gallo sauce.

Submitter: 
Rachael Barney Smith
Description: 
This is truly one of the best chile verde recipes I have ever tasted and of course anyone can tweak a recipe to their liking..
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
50 m
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
