URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62929354/rapunzels-squash-hazelnut-soup/
Title:
Rapunzel's Squash & Hazelnut Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/716891.jpg
Ingredients:
2 lb butternut squash, seeded and cut into 6 sections
1 lb parsnips, peeled and roughly chopped
1 green apple, peeled, cored, and quartered
1 tablespoons olive oil
3-4 sprigs fresh thyme
1 medium brown onion, thinly sliced
4 cups of vegetable stock, divided
1/2 teaspoon cumin
1/2 cup heavy cream (or cashew butter)
Salt and white pepper to taste
1 cup raw hazelnuts (for topping)

Directions:
To Roast Hazelnuts:
Preheat oven to 275 degrees F.
Place 1 cup of raw Hazelnuts on a parchment lined baking sheet. Bake for 25 - 30 minutes, or until the hazelnut skins burst. Remove from oven and let cool. When cool enough to handle, roll hazelnuts between paper towels to remove skins. Place skinless hazelnuts into a small plastic bag and crush using a rolling pin.
For Soup:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F
Line a baking dish with parchment paper Arrange squash in the dish, skin side up. Scatter chopped parsnip and apple quarters around the squash. Top with a few sprigs of fresh thyme. Pour a quarter cup of water into the baking dish. Bake uncovered for 45-50 minutes, or until a knife slides easily through the skin of the squash. Set aside to cool & throw away the sprigs of thyme.
Heat 1 tablespoon of oil in a pan over medium low heat. Add onion and salt and sauté until translucent.
When squash is cool, peel the skin from the squash. Place the peeled squash into the bowl of a food processor. Pulse until smooth, about 20 seconds. Pour purée into a large stockpot or Dutch oven.
Place parsnips, apple and sautéed onion into the bowl of the food processor. Add 1 cup of the chicken stock. Purée 20-30 seconds, or until smooth. Add more stock if needed. Add purée to the squash in the stockpot. Add the remaining stock to the pot and raise the heat to medium high. Bring soup to a boil and then reduce heat to simmer.
While soup is simmering add cumin, as well as salt and white pepper to taste. Before serving, stir in a half cup of heavy cream.
Serve in bowls or insulated cups and top with the crushed roasted hazelnuts.

Submitter: 
Momi
Description: 
From Disney Family.com
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
70 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
