URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62925351/ciabatta-loaf---part-1/
Title:
Ciabatta Loaf - Part 1 Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/714763.jpg
Ingredients:
4 1/2cups (20oz/567g) unbleached bread flour
1 3/4 teaspoons (0.4oz/11g) salt
1 1/4 teaspoons (0.14oz/4g) instant yeast
2 cups (16oz/454g) chilled water (about 55ºF or 13ºC)
1 tablespoon (0.5oz/14g) olive oil

Directions:
Combine the flour, salt, yeast, and water in a mixing bowl. If using a mixer, use the paddle attachment and mix on the lowest speed for 1 minute (Snippets Notes: Because if you don’t put it on lowest speed, you might be wearing a lot of white on your face). If mixing by hand, use a large spoon and stir for about 1 minute, until well blended. The dough should be coarse and sticky. Let the dough rest for 5 minutes to fully hydrate the flour.
Drizzle the olive oil over the dough.
Mix on medium-low speed using the paddle attachment, or by hand using a large wet spoon or wet hands, for 1 minute. The dough should become smoother but will still be very soft, sticky, and wet.
Use a wet bowl scraper or spatula to transfer the dough to a clean, lightly oiled bowl. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and let the dough rest at room temperature for 10 minutes.
Transfer the dough to a lightly oiled work surface.
With wet or oiled hands, reach under the front end of the dough, stretch it out, then fold it back onto the top of the dough. Do this from the back end and then from each side, then flip the dough over and tuck it into a ball. The dough should be significantly firmer, though still very soft and fragile.
Place the dough back in the bowl, cover, and let sit at room temperature for 10 minutes.
Repeat this process 3 more times, competing all repetitions within 40 minutes. (Snippets Notes: I just stretch and fold right there in the bowl as opposed to taking the dough out and moving it to the counter)
After the final stretch and fold, immediately cover the bowl tightly and refrigerate over night or for up to 4 days. The dough will rise, possibly to double its original size, in the refrigerator.
See Part 2

Submitter: 
Mark Farmer
Description: 
The Ciabatta loaf is such a satisfying bread to make when you are novice. It comes out crusty and rustic with the most delicious smell.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
60
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
