URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62921202/iced-pumpkin-scones/
Title:
Iced Pumpkin Scones Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/712556.jpg
Ingredients:
Scones:
2 cups all-purpose flour
1/4 cup plus 3 tablespoons granulated sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
1/4 teaspoon ground ginger
6 tablespoons cold butter, cut into 1-inch squares
1/2 cup canned pumpkin
3 tablespoons half-and-half
1 large egg
Powdered Sugar Glaze:
1 cup powdered sugar
2 tablespoons milk
Spiced Glaze:
1 cup powdered sugar
2 tablespoons milk
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1 pinch ground ginger
1 pinch ground cloves

Directions:
Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper and preheat oven to 425 degrees.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, add flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves, and ginger. Mix using paddle attachment.
Add butter and toss with a spatula to ensure that butter is coated with flour mixture.  Mix for about 2 minutes or until mixture looks like cornmeal with butter pieces being no bigger than a pea.
In a separate bowl, whisk pumpkin, half-and-half and egg until blended.
Fold pumpkin mixture into flour mixture until dough can be formed into a ball.
Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface and shape into a long rectangle pressing the dough with your hands.  The dough should be between ¾ and 1 inch thick.  Use a pizza cutter to cut the dough into smaller rectangular sections and then cut those sections into small triangles for mini scones (big triangles for large scones).
Place triangle dough onto parchment lined baking sheet(s) and bake for 15 minutes or until scones begin to brown around the edges and on top.
Remove scones from baking sheet and place on wire rack to cool.  Allow scones to cool completely.
In small bowl, mix powdered sugar with milk.  Add more sugar or milk to reach the desired consistency.  Use a brush to spread on completely cooled scones.
Prepare spiced glaze while first glaze is hardening.  In small bowl, mix powdered sugar, milk, cinnamon, nutmeg, ginger and cloves.  Drizzle over the top of the first glaze.
Serve once the glaze has completely hardened.

Submitter: 
Cheri
Description: 
These scones are moist and sweet.  They have a great pumpkin pie taste!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
