URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62922186/cherry-pop-tart-pops/
Title:
Cherry Pop Tart Pops Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/713032.jpg
Ingredients:
Tarts:
1 c. fresh cherries, pitted and diced
3 T. sugar
2 T. cornstarch
2 T. water
1/2 tsp. almond extract
1 pkg. prepared pie crusts (you can use 3 crusts if you want to make bigger pop tarts)
Popsicle sticks or skewers (soaked in water)
Glaze:
1/2 c. powdered sugar
1 T. milk
1/4 tsp. vanilla
Sprinkles

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees.  In a medium saucepan, combine chopped cherries, sugar, cornstarch and almond extract. Heat on stove over medium heat stirring constantly until mixture has thickened. Remove from heat.
Unroll pie crusts and use a pizza cutter to slice them into 1 1/2?x 2? rectangles.  Use a ruler to measure the dough into equal rectangles and score the pie crust with a butter knife before cutting. If you are making regular sized pop tarts, they should be measured at 2" x 3".
Assemble the pop tarts on the baking sheet that you plan to use to bake them.  Lay out the dough and place a wooden skewer or popscicle stick on top of one of the cut rectangles, then spoon a small amount (about 1 tsp.) of cherry filling into the center of the square.  Do not let the cherries sit near the edges of the dough. Place another piece of dough over the top of the cherry filling.  Press the edges of the dough together with a clean fork.  Once they have been assembled, bake poptart pops for 10-12 minutes, or just until the edges begin to brown.
In a small bowl, combine powdered sugar, milk, and vanilla to make glaze.  Once pop tarts have cooled completely, spoon glaze over the tops and sprinkle with sprinkles.  Allow the glaze to harden completely before serving - several hours to overnight.

Submitter: 
Cheri
Description: 
These cherry pop tarts are much better than the store-bought version.  You can make them as pops or make them regular sized.  The kids love these!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
