URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62927418/pork-chile-verde/
Title:
Pork Chile Verde Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 pounds Pork shoulder or Butt, chopped into 1 inch cubes
3 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 large onion, chopped
3 garlic cloves, minced
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 1/2 cups chopped roasted Anaheim or New Mexico green chiles
1 cup canned crushed tomatoes
10 ounces canned tomatillos, roughly chopped
3 cups water
1 tablespoon ground cumin
1 tablespoon Mexican Oregano, dried
1 teaspoon salt and pepper, to taste

Directions:
Bring water, cumin, oregano and salt and pepper to just boiling in a large stockpot and add pork. Reduce heat to just simmering and cook for 1 hour.
About 40 minutes after the pork starts simmering, place the vegetable oil in a saucepan and warm to medium heat. Add onion and saute until well softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in garlic and saute for an additional minute, then add the flour and continue cooking for another 1 or 2 minutes. Mix in the chile, tomatoes and tomatillos and saute for 5 minutes.
After pork has simmered for an hour, add the ingredients from saucepan. Taste and adjust cumin and oregano as necessary. Reduce heat to a low simmer and cook for another hour, or until pork is tender. REMEMBER - the stock will reduce, so resist the urge to add salt at this point. About 15 minutes before ready, taste and add salt if needed. If you like your green chile thicker, take 2 tablespoons of cornstarch and mix with liquid from pot in small bowl. Mix together and add to pot.
Taste and serve with warmed flour tortillas and refried beans.

Submitter: 
Rachael Barney Smith
Description: 
Chile Verde is a great Authentic Mexican recipe, and while it takes some time, the results are worth it! Chile Verde freezes well, and can be stored for a few months in the freezer.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 mins
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
