URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62929168/chicken-fried-steak-with-gravy/
Title:
Chicken fried steak (with gravy) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1 /2 pounds (1/2-inch thick) round steak
1 cup plus 2 tablespoons flour
1/3 cup cornmeal, eyeball it
1 teaspoon sweet paprika
1 teaspoon salt, 1/3 palm full
1/2 teaspoon ground pepper, eyeball it
2 eggs beaten
2 tablespoons water, 2 splashes
4 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 1/4 cups beef broth or stock
1/4 cup half-and-half or cream, 2 turns of the pan
1 package bake-off biscuits, prepared according to package directions
Waxed paper

Directions:
pre heat oven to 250 degrees F.
Preheat large, heavy skillet over medium high heat.
Set steaks on to a waxed paper lined work surface and cover with another piece of waxed paper. Pound steaks to 1/4-inch thick. Pull steaks off work surface and set to the side. Line work surface with more waxed paper. Pour 1/2 cup flour into 2 piles on opposite sides of the work space. Add cornmeal, paprika, salt and pepper to 1 pile of flour. Beat eggs and water in a pie plate or shallow dish.
Cut steaks into 4 portions and coat in flour, eggs, then seasoned flour and cornmeal.
Add 2 tablespoons oil to hot pan and cook 2 steaks at a time. Brown steaks about 2 minutes per side, or until cooked and remove from the pan.Remove steaks to rack or baking sheet and place in oven to keep warm. Add 2 tablespoons more oil and repeat with remaining 2 steaks.REPEAT if more steaks, again placing in oven as they are done. NOW.. pour off all but 2 to 3 tablespoons of drippings. Add 2 tablespoons flour to drippings and cook 2 minutes. Whisk in broth and season with salt and pepper. Whisk half and half or cream into gravy. When gravy bubbles, remove from heat.
Serve steaks and warm biscuits with gravy on top.

Submitter: 
sharron
Description: 
Not from the south, country fried steak
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
