URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62925157/spicy-corn-chowder-lightened-up/
Title:
Spicy Corn Chowder Lightened Up Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/802515.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 vidalia onion, chopped
1 clove garlic, minced
1/2 red bell pepper, chopped
1/2 green bell pepper, chopped
1 to 2 jalapenos, seeded and chopped (adjust amount according to taste)
2 TBL reduced fat light margarine (such as Brummel and Brown)
3 TBL all purpose flour
1/2 cup evaporated skim milk
1-1/2 cups non-fat milk
1 (15-1/2 oz) can corn with diced green and red peppers, drained
1/3 of a (20 oz) package of frozen hashed brown potatoes, such as Simply Potatoes (southwest style), thawed
Black Pepper to taste
Cayenne pepper to taste (optional)

Directions:
In a skillet over medium heat melt 2 tablespoons of light margarine.
Add the chopped onion, red and green bell peppers, jalapenos and garlic.
Stir in 3 tablespoons of all purpose flour until it becomes almost a thick paste.
Pour in the evaporated skim milk and stir.
Pour mixture into a large pot.
Add the corn and shredded potatoes.
Gradually stir in skim milk until you achieve the desired thickness.
Add black pepper and cayenne to taste.
Let the chowder simmer for at least 20 minutes.

Submitter: 
Occasional Cooker
Description: 
A delicious, comforting bowl of thick corn chowder that warms you up on a cold day without weighing you down. It has all the flavor and creamy goodness of regular corn chowder without all the fat.  Top it off with some reduced fat shredded cheddar or monterey jack cheese and some crumbled center cut or turkey bacon for a fantastic meal.  It is also delicious served with french bread, Grandmother's Buttermilk Cornbread from this site, bellepepper's Onion & Garlic Biscuit Flatbread, or Cheddar Bay Biscuits from this site.  This corn chowder weighs in at 4 Weight Watcher PPTS.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
