URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62939494/blackened-custom/
Title:
Blackened custom Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil
2 tablespoons lime juice
2 cloves garlic, minced
4 tuna steaks
1 fresh mango - peeled, pitted, and chopped
1/4 cup finely chopped red bell pepper
1/2 Spanish onion, finely chopped
1 green onion, chopped
2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro
1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced
2 tablespoons lime juice
1 1/2 teaspoons olive oil
2 tablespoons paprika
1 tablespoon cayenne pepper
1 tablespoon onion powder
2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon dried thyme
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 tablespoon garlic powder
4 tablespoons olive oil

Directions:
Whisk together the olive oil, lime juice, and garlic in a bowl. Rub the tuna steaks with the mixture. Place the steaks in a sealable container and chill in refrigerator 3 hours.
Combine the mango, bell pepper, Spanish onion, green onion, cilantro, and jalapeno pepper in a bowl; stir. Add the lime juice and 1 1/2 teaspoons olive oil and toss to combine. Chill in refrigerator 1 hour.
Stir together the paprika, cayenne pepper, onion powder, salt, pepper, thyme, basil, oregano, and garlic powder in a bowl. Remove the tuna steaks from the refrigerator and gently rinse with water and then dip each side of each steak in the spice mixture to coat.
Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Gently lay the tuna steaks into the hot oil. Cook the tuna on one side for 3 minutes; remove to a plate. Pour the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil into the skillet and let it get hot. Lay the tuna with the uncooked side down into the skillet and cook another 3 minutes; remove from heat immediately.
Spoon about 1/2 cup of the mango salsa onto each of 4 plates. Lay the tuna steaks atop the salsa and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
FloydSix
Description: 
Tuna steaks are well-seasoned, lightly pan-fried, and served atop fresh-made mango salsa for a delicious and impressive main course.Modified from: Blackened Tuna Steaks with Mango Salsa
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
3 h 55 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
