URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62932192/beef-chili-empanadas---inspired-by-betos/
Title:
Beef & Chili Empanadas - Inspired by Beto's Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/717903.jpg
Ingredients:
Stuffing:
3 lbs Chuck Roast
3 T oil
10 dried guajillo peppers
5 dried ancho peppers
1 portobello mushroom - chopped
5 potatoes, diced
1 - 2 onions chopped
4 C beef broth
5 cloves garlic
1 T Cumin
1 T black pepper
cayan red pepper to taste
salt to taste
smoke flavor to taste
Shell:
puff pastry dough - pepridge farm
1 egg, beaten with some water

Directions:
Brown the roast in oil until golden, put everything except for the potatoes in the pot and let simmer for a few hours until the beef is tender and falling apart.  Add the potatoes and cook for 20 minutes or so until al dente.  Add additional seasonings to taste like the cayan and smoke flavor.
Remove the peppers from the broth and strain them to add the pepper pulp back to the liquid.  Throw away excess seeds and skins.
Pull out the meat and potatoes from the broth. Separate the beef from the potatoes and shred up the beef.  Make a roux to thicken some of the broth and add back to the beef and mix until it's juicy but not too runny.  Add the potatoes back i carefully so that they aren't mushed up and refrigerate until cold.
Roll out the puff pastry dough on a floured surface until it doubles in size - each sheet should make 6 empanadas.  Cut into 6 squares, add a few tablespoons of filing onto 1/2 of the dough square, fold over and crimp edges with a fork - press and pull out a bit to close up edges.  Heat oven to 400 and bake for 15 minutes or until a dark golden brown.

Submitter: 
Mandi Harrell Leman
Description: 
This is our attempt to recreate the beef and red chili empanadas from a restaurant here in San Antonio called Beto's - I think they came out pretty darn close and were DELICIOUS!  I would recommend making the filling the day before because it takes a long time to cook.  This makes enough for 24, so you can freeze the extra filling for later.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45
Ready in:
4
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
