URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62930143/stuffed-poblano-peppers-with-jalapeno-cream-cheese-sauce/
Title:
Stuffed Poblano Peppers with Jalapeno Cream Cheese Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/716902.jpg
Ingredients:
Stuffed Peppers
6 small poblano peppers (not typically spicy)
1 lb ground turkey
1 small onion
1/2 tsp minced garlic
2 small tomatos
1 small can green chillis
1/2 cup corn
1/2 tsp salt
1/2 tsp cumin
1/4 tsp thyme
1/4 tsp pepper
1/4 tsp oregano
1/4 tsp cinnamon
3 TBS olive oil
1 cup shredded mozzarella
Jalapeno Cream Cheese Sauce
1 pkg fat free cream cheese
1 cup milk
3 jalapnos (adjust to appropriate spice for you)
1/2 tsp cumin
1/2 tsp salt (to taste)
1/4 tsp pepper (to taste)

Directions:
Microwave peppers for 3-4 minutes until slightly soft
Preheat oven to 400, put jalapenos in the oven to roast. Remove when they are soft. Likely when the turkey is done cooking. When they are done remove the seeds coarsely chop and add them to the cream cheese mixture (next step). Move mixture to blender or use a hand blender to finish the sauce. It will turn slightly green.
On the lowest heat posible in the smallest pan you have add cream cheese and 1/4 cup milk, and spices. If your stove does not go low enough you may want to use a double boiler. Stir periodically while doing the next step. If it starts to get thick add more milk.
Add olive oil to pan to heat. Saute onions and garlic. Once onions start to turn clear add the turkey and all spices. Once turkey is almost all the way cooked add green chillis and tomatos. Cook until there is almost no liquid left (when stirring no almost no liquid on the bottom of the pan) add corn and remove from heat.
Put a slice in the side of each pepper. Pry open remove seeds and rinse. Fill each pepper with the turkey filling. Place peppers in a baking dish, add about a quarter inch of water and spray/wipe the peppers with olive oil. Place peppers in oven for about 20 minutes until the peppers are soft or they start turning brown. Sprinkle peppers with shredded cheese and return to oven for a few minutes to melt the cheese.
Smother peppers with jalapeno cream cheese sause and serve.

Submitter: 
Jeramyn Feucht
Description: 
Poblano peppers stuffed with turkey make an amazing dinner at  about 300 calories per serving!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25
Ready in:
60
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
