URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62935037/randys-spaghetti-and-meatballs/
Title:
Randy's Spaghetti and Meatballs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
THE SAUCE:
64 oz of tomato sauce
6 onions, coarsely chopped
6 large cloves of garlic, chopped
6 Tbsp, basil, finely sliced, or 6 tsp of dried basil flakes
3 Tbsp fresh sweet marjoram, chopped or 1 tbsp, dried
1 tablespoon of dried oregano
1 tsp. pepper
1/4 tsp red pepper flakes
1 tsp salt
1/4 tsp ground cloves
2-3 tablespoons of sugar.
THE MEATBALLS:
2-3  slices fresh brown bread, chopped into breadcrumbs
2-3 tablespoons milk
1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese
1/4 cup finely chopped onion
3 tablespoons finely sliced fresh basil or 1 tablespoon basil flakes
2 large eggs
2 garlic cloves, finely minced
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon of salt
1 pound mild Italian sausage meat
1 1/4 lbs lean ground beef

Directions:
THE SAUCE:
In a large pot, add all of the ingredients except onion and garlic and bring that to a slow simmer. If you want to have this for a 5 PM dinner, this sauce needs to be at simmer by 1PM. Cover with a  vented lid and service with stirring and water or wine over the four hour stewing time. You will add at least two cups of fluid over the 4 hours. Just watch it while you stir, don't let it render down too far.
Bring a large fry pan to 65%. Add a tablespoon of olive oil and then your garlic and onions. Stirring almost constantly, bring the vegetables to a deep rich brown then add them to the sauce pot.
THE MEATBALLS:
Preheat your oven to 350F.
In a large bowl (near the sink) add everything except the bread crumbs (keep handy). Turn the mixture til well blended. At this point, you'll want to start adding the bread crumbs until the meat mixture starts holding together into a giant meatball. Thats enough.
I lightly oiled a couple of cookie sheets, then rolled the meat balls into about 1 and 1/2"  balls. the recipe gave me about 70. Place the meat balls in the oven and bake for 30 minutes.
When finished, there will be a small leaving of fat around each meatball. Try and leave that in the pan and put all of the meatballs into your sauce to stew into infamy.
That's it. About 3 hours later, make some pasta, make some garlic bread, a caesar salad, some nice zinfandel, a pot of parmesan. Go to town.

Submitter: 
lucylove
Description: 
All day pasta sauce from AR member Raedwulf, with many, many thanks.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
60 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
