URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62931305/sauce-meurette/
Title:
Sauce Meurette Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 bottle dry red wine
2 cups beef broth
2 carrots, peeled and coarsely chopped
1 onion, peeled and halved
2 whole cloves
3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped
2 ounces prosciutto
1 bay leaf, fresh or dried
1 sprig fresh parsley
1 sprig fresh thyme
1 spring fresh rosemary
1 small cheesecloth bag
4 Tbsp butter
3 Tbsp flour
1 Tbsp tomato paste
2 Tbsp balsamic vinegar
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Combine beef stock and red wine in a large saucepan, and bring to a boil over medium-high heat.  Pierce each onion half with 1 whole clove and add to the wine mixture.  Add chopped carrots, onions, garlic, and prosciutto.
Place the parsley, thyme, rosemary, and bay leaf in the cheesecloth bag.  Tie bag with string, place bag in the wine.
Once boiling, reduce heat to medium and allow to simmer until the vegetables have softened and the liquid has reduced to halt of it's original volume... about 45 minutes.
Strain the wine mixture through a strainer over a large mixing bowl.  Press the vegetables against the strainer using the back of a large spoon, until most liquid is extracted from the cooked vegetables.  Keep the liquids and discard the vegetable solids.
Melt the butter in a large saucepan over low heat.  Sprinkle the flour over the melted butter and stir until the roux has cooked to a light golden color.
Pour the wine mixture over the roux, and add the tomato paste and balsamix vinegar.  Stirring continuously, cook until the sauce becomes smooth and thick.  Season with salt and pepper to taste.

Submitter: 
HongKongCV
Description: 
Sauce Meurette is one of the classic sauces from French cuisine.  At it's heart a red-wine reduction sauce, the Meurette goes well with eggs, meat, and poultry.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1:15 or so
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
