URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62932243/chocolate-covered-strawberry-cheesecake/
Title:
Chocolate Covered Strawberry Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Crust:
1 (10.5 ounce) package of brownie mix
1 eggs
1 tablespoon oil
1 tablespoon cold water
Filling:
1 pound of fresh strawberries diced
5 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped
1/2 cup heavy cream
Cheesecake Batter:
3 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese, softened
3/4 cup white sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract
3 eggs

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease the bottom of a 9 inch springform pan.
In a small bowl, mix together brownie mix, egg, oil and water (or mix to the packages directions... I add an extra egg since it cooks longer).
Spread into the greased pan. Bake for 15 minutes.
While brownie is baking place the chocolate into a heat proof medium bowl. Heat the cream in a double broiler over medium heat. Bring just to a boil.  When the cream has begun to boil, pour over the chopped chocolate, and whisk until smooth. Place in freezer to cool.
Wash, dry, and dice the strawberries.  Drain and press with a paper towel to get all the liquid out. Place along the rim of the brownie to form a barrier.  Then sprinkle the to cover the rest of the brownie.
Reserve 1/3 cup of the chocolate mix, and pour the remainder over the warm, baked brownie.  Try to keep it inside the strawberry ring so it does not leak out of pan while baking.
In a large bowl, beat the cream cheese, sugar and vanilla with an electric mixer until smooth. Add eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Pour cream cheese mixture carefully over strawberry/chocolate mixture.
Bake cheesecake for 50 minutes or until a thermometer reads 160 degrees Fahrenheit. Once cheesecake is done turn off the oven and crack the door.  Leave cheesecake in oven for an hour.  Then remove from oven and let cool till room temperature.
Place in the fridge to set in pan for 3 hours or overnight. When cake is set, loosen by running a knife around the edge to remove the rim of the pan. Heat reserved chocolate mixture, and spoon into a ziploc bag.  Snip the corner off and drizzle over cheesecake. If you have extra strawberries garnish to your hearts content.

Submitter: 
la_sirene7
Description: 
My friend wanted chocolate covered strawberries and cheesecake for his birthday.  So i combined them into one dessert.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30-45 m
Ready in:
about 5 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
