URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62939386/spicy-beef-stir-fry/
Title:
Spicy Beef Stir Fry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/721150.jpg
Ingredients:
8 oz of beef, pounded
3 quarts of water (to cook the rice)
1/3 cup of rice
4 tablespoons of oil
1 onion, chopped, large pieces
2 green onions, cut in 1 or 2 inch pieces
10 snow pea pods, cut into
1 carrot, sliced or diced
1 cup of broccoli
1 red chili pepper, sliced or diced
1 green chili pepper, sliced or diced
1 tablespoon of fresh ginger, minced
1 tablespoon of fresh garlic, minced
Finishing sauce
1 tablespoon of soy sauce
1 tablespoon of oyster sauce
1 tablespoon of hoisin sauce
1 tablespoon of sugar
1/4 cup of beef stock
1 tablespoon of dry sherry (optional)
1 1/2 teaspoons of corn starch
1 tablespoon of sesame seed oil

Directions:
Take Rice and put it in a pot with boiling water. Set your timer for 12 mins. Once the timer goes off strain the rice, and put back into the fry pan with Oil. Fry for about 2 mins add some soy sauce and stir it into the rice until all the rice is slightly brown from the soy sauce. continue frying the rice for about 5 mins, then crack open an egg and scramble it into the rice. Once the egg is set then remove the rice and reserve. Note: I normally put the rice in a bowl and cover.
Take the beef that has been pounded (this makes the meat tender, and you don't have to act like a Tyrannosaurus Rex just to eat it). Fry the meat up, once done remove it, and reserve it.
Put your selected vegetables in a frying pan with oil and stir for about 5 mins. At that point everything should be cooked. Do not over cook your vegetables they should still give some crunch.
Add meat back into the vegetables to warm back up, for 30 seconds or so.
All you got to do now is dish it out onto two plates. The rice should still be nice and warm.

Submitter: 
Mark Farmer
Description: 
Tonight I decided to make beef fried rice, and figured I would kick it up a notch, Hence the Spicy Beef Stir Fry. This also includes my quick fried rice. The good thing about stir fry you can use just about any vegetable so if there is something in the ingredients you do like change it, or omit it.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
