URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62931541/head-cold-soup/
Title:
Head-cold Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pre-roasted chicken
32 ounce unsalted chicken stock
32 ounces chicken stock
16 ounces Swanson Tuscan Chicken chicken stock
2 individual packets sodium free chicken boullion
1 12 oz.jar chicken gravy or 3 tablespoons flour
1 pkg Uncle Ben's Country Inn Rice Chicken rice (not wild rice) or 1 cup elbow macaroni
1 1/4 cups sliced carrots (fresh, frozen or canned)
1 1/3 cups corn (frozen or canned)
2 tsp dried parsley
chicken bouillon granules to taste
(You may use any vegetables you like. We just happen to like the carrots and corn combo.)

Directions:
Remove all the chicken meat from the pre-roasted chicken saving the bones, carcass and skin. Set the chicken meat aside for later. Put the bones, carcass and skin in a big pot. Pour all three stocks into pot. Bring just to boil over a medium high heat. Turn down to a simmer; cover and simmer for 20-30 minutes. Meanwhile, cut or shred chicken meat into bite sized pieces; set aside. When done simmering remove all bones, carcass and skin from pot. Be sure you remove all small bones, if you wish you may strain the broth. I don't as I like to leave all the tiny bits of chicken that are in the broth. Stir in the gravy (if using), parsley, seasoning packet and rice from rice mix (if using). If using frozen or fresh carrot and or frozen corn add them now. Bring just to a boil, reduce heat to simmer; cover and simmer 10 minutes. If using canned carrots and/or corn drain them and add now. If NOT using rice mix, add macaroni. Bring to boil and boil for 6 minutes. If NOT using gravy, mix flour with water to make a thick uncooked roux. Add a small ladle of hot stock from pot to roux and whisk. Pour roux into soup and cook stirring until bubbles. Add pieces of chicken and mix all well. Taste soup, if needed add chicken granules to taste and stir until dissolved. Serve.

Submitter: 
FunwithFood
Description: 
I always cook up a big pot of home-made chicken soup when family or friends have a head-cold or respiratory flu and it always makes them feel better. Basic simple chicken soup that tastes great!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
60 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
