URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62935628/beef-bourguignon/
Title:
Beef Bourguignon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/719285.jpg
Ingredients:
To brown beef
3 pounds boneless beef chuck, cut in 1-inch cubes
1/3 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 cup butter
1/4 cup olive oil
For flambe
1/4 cup cognac or brandy
3 slices bacon, cut in small pieces
8 small carrots
2 leeks, chopped
1 medium onion, chopped
1 clove garlic, minced
1 cup Burgundy
1 cup beef broth
8 oz small mushroom caps
1 tablespoon butter
1/2 pound small onions Or one medium onion diced
1/4 cup Burgundy
1 teaspoon parsley

Directions:
Toss beef cubes with flour. In large skillet brown beef on all sides in a mixture of the butter and olive oil.
Heat cognac in small saucepan; set aflame and pour over beef. When flame subsides, transfer beef mixture to a Dutch oven; set aside.
In same skillet cook and stir bacon, carrots, leeks, chopped onion, and garlic till bacon is crisp and vegetables are lightly browned; drain. Transfer mixture to Dutch oven with meat. Add Burgundy and beef broth. Cover; simmer about 1 1/2 hours or till meat and vegetables are tender.
In a small skillet cook mushrooms with butter for 2 to 3 minutes or till slightly browned. Remove mushrooms; set aside.
In the same skillet cook onions till lightly browned; add Burgundy.
Cook about 30 minutes or till onions are tender. Before serving, place onions and mushrooms atop meat mixture in Dutch oven; heat thoroughly.
Season with salt and pepper; sprinkle with parsley.
Serve with potatoes or noodles, if desired.

Submitter: 
Mark Farmer
Description: 
Beef Bourguignon is no ordinary stew. In fact, it's a good choice when your family entertains. Cubes of beef and carrots simmer in a Burgundy flavored broth blended with the flavors of onion, garlic, and bacon. Just before serving, add mushroom caps and tiny onions.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
