URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62932722/eastern-north-carolina-pulled-pork-barbecue/
Title:
Eastern North Carolina Pulled Pork Barbecue Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/718129.jpg
Ingredients:
4 Lbs Pork Butt Or pork roast
8 cups of beef stock Or chicken stock
Barbecue Sauce
1 cup of white vinegar
1 cup of cider vinegar
--- Optional, Your Selection ---
for Mild: 1 teaspoon of red pepper flakes
for Medium spicy: 2 teaspoons of red pepper flakes
For Spicy: 1 tablespoon of red pepper flakes
--- End Of Options ---
1 tablespoon of brown sugar
1 tablespoon of Tabasco sauce
1 teaspoon of hickory smoke liquid
1 teaspoon of salt (or to taste)

Directions:
In the morning Mix the sauce Ingredients together, and the pop in in the microwave for 2 mins, this will speed up the spices to combine with the vinegar, set aside. The salt will cut the taste of the vinegar a bit.
Normally you would put your pork in a slow cooking barbecue for about 4 hours, but this time I am using a slow cooker.
Put pork in a slow cooker with 8 cups of beef broth and cook on high for four hours.
take out of slow cooker, and pull off strips of pork with your hands, Or you can use a two forks if you wish. I use latex gloves
put pork into a bowl and add the sauce, allow the pork to soak up the sauce for about 1 hour, turning the pork into the sauce every 15 mins.
serve, or make a Eastern North Carolina Pulled Pork Barbecue Sandwich On a Kaiser Roll.
as another option: If it is too much vinegar for you, you can add 1/2 cup of white vinegar, and 1/2 cup of cider vinegar, and 1 cup of water instead as directed above.

Submitter: 
Mark Farmer
Description: 
My Wife loves Pulled Pork, And sometimes we go to a local all you can eat place where they have a very good version of the eastern north Carolina barbecue. So we decided to to make some our self since we do not eat much, and they charge $13 a person. I figured I could make it cheaper. This type of Vinegar barbecue is normally not made outside of Eastern North Carolina. this is my version using a slow cooker.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
