URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62938910/moroccan-spiced-roast-chicken-recipe/
Title:
Moroccan-Spiced Roast Chicken Recipe Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
One whole chicken (4 to 5 pounds)
Coarse kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper?
2 tablespoons plus 1 1/2 teaspoons sweet paprika?
1-1/2 teaspoons ground cumin?
1/4 to 3/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes?
3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon?
1 smallish lemon?
5 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for the baking sheet
2 small orange-fleshed sweet potatoes (about 3/4 pounds total), unpeeled
1 pound cauliflower, cut into 1-inch florets
1 red onion, cut into 8 wedges

Directions:
Preheat oven to 450°F. Slick a heavy large rimmed baking sheet with a little oil.
Remove and discard fat and giblets from chicken. Pat dry with paper towels. Slide a finger under the skin over each breast half, making a pocket between the skin and meat. Rub 1 tablespoon of salt over the chicken skin and toss a little salt inside the cavity. Sprinkle the chicken with black pepper. Tie the legs together, if desired.
In a small bowl, mix paprika, cumin, pepper flakes, and cinnamon. Set aside 2-1/2 teaspoons of mixture. The rest is for the chicken. Finely grate the zest from the lemon, cut the lemon into quarters, and mix the zest into the spices for the chicken. Gradually mix in 2 tablespoons of the olive oil to make a paste. Spread a little of the paste inside the cavity, slather some of it under the skin over the chicken breasts, and rub the rest of the paste all over the outside of the chicken. Toss the lemon quarters inside the cavity. Place the chicken on prepared sheet and roast for 30 minutes. Cover loosely with a sheet of foil if browning too fast.
Meanwhile, cut sweet potatoes in half crosswise, then quarter lengthwise to make wedges. Combine sweet potatoes, cauliflower, and onion in bowl. Add remaining 3 tablespoons oil and toss to coat. Add the reserved spice mixture, sprinkle with 1/2 teaspoon each salt and pepper, and toss to coat.??
After 30 minutes, remove chicken and drain fat from pan. Return chicken and vegetables to pan and roast until done (about 40 minutes longer).
Transfer the chicken to a platter and let rest for 10 minutes. Carve the chicken and serve with the vegetables

Submitter: 
Gregg Hollander
Description: 
A quartet of familiar spices lend the striking flavors of Morocco to this complete meal in one. Although it takes a bit longer than other recipes to cook, once you put it in the oven, your work is done.— Kristine Kidd

leitesculinaria.com/77192/recipes-moroccan-spiced-roast-chicken.html#ixzz1bEsqtno7
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
155 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
