URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62935667/vegetable-samosas/
Title:
Vegetable Samosas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/719295.jpg
Ingredients:
Dough:
1/2 cup all purpose flour
1/4 teaspoon salt
11/2 tablespoons oil
1/4 cup minus 2 tablespoon lukewarm water
Filling:
3 large red potatoes, mirco baked, peeled and chopped into very small cubes
1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds
2 chopped green chilies
4 chopped green onions (optional)
1 teaspoon curry powder
1/4 teaspoon garam masala
1 teaspoon kosher salt
2 tablespoons olive oil
1/2 cup chopped fresh cliantro
Dipping Sauce:
Spiced Lime Pickle 1/4 cup
1/3 cup dried cranberries
2/3 cup water

Directions:
For dipping sauce, saute cranberries and water in a small pan until cranberries are plump. Add cranberries with the juice and the 1/4 cup lime pickle in a bender. Blend until smooth. Add extra lime pickle to desired spice. Refrigerate.
Dough:
Mix the flour, salt, oil and salt togather to make a soft dough (add more water as needed).
knead the dough for about 1 to 2 minutes to make the dough smooth and pliable.
Set the dough aside and cover it with damp cloth. Let the dough sit for at least 15 minutes.
Filling:
Heat the oil in a frying pan on medium high heat. Test the heat by adding one cumin seed to the oil; if it cracks right away oil is ready.
Add cumin seeds as cumin seeds crack, add green chilies.
Add the potatoes and stir-fry for about 4 minutes. Stir in garam masala and curry powder. Add more salt to taste.  Remove from heat and stir in chopped cliantro. Let the filling cool to room temperature.
Making Samosa:
Take 2 tablespoons of water and 1 tablespoon of all-purpose flour to make a paste and keep aside.Divide the dough into 4 equal parts and make into balls.
Roll each ball into 6-inch diameter circles and cut each circle in half.
Make each half circle into a cone. Fill the cone with 3 tablespoons of filling. Press this filling down with your fingers. Now close the top of this cone into a triangle shape, pinching the top edge so that it is completely sealed. Heat about 1-1/2 inch of the oil in a frying pan on medium heat. Place the samosas in the frying pan a few at a time. After samosas are floating on top of the oil turn them slowly. Fry the samosas until the samosas turn a light golden-brown color on all sides. Drain on towels and LIGHTLY salt with kosher salt.

Submitter: 
HisFoxyLass
Description: 
Yum!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
45 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
