URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62947397/easy-quiche-with-fresh-spinach-and-non-fat-yogurt/
Title:
Easy Quiche with Fresh Spinach and Non-Fat Yogurt Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 pound thick sliced bacon or turkey bacon
2 tablespoons cooking oil
1 medium onion, finely diced
1/2 pound fresh mushrooms
4 cups fresh spinach
2 cups diced smoked ham
8 oz light sour cream
8 oz non-fat yogurt
1/2 cup 2% milk
8 eggs
1 tbsp dried parsley
salt and pepper to taste
2 (9 inch) unbaked pie crusts, made fresh or thawed
8 ounces Monterey Jack cheese, shredded
8 ounces Cheddar cheese, shredded
4 ounces Parmesan cheese, grated
1 egg white

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C). microwave bacon until crisp. Drain, crumble, and set aside.
Coat pie crusts with egg white to seal. Yolk can be added to other eggs.
Heat oil in skillet over medium heat. Saute onions until soft and translucent. Stir in mushrooms, and cook for 2 minutes or until soft. Add spinach and cook until limp. Stir in ham and cooked bacon. Remove from heat. Drain and pat dry.
Mix together Monterey Jack, Cheddar and Parmesan, and press into pie shells.
Add cooked ingredients on top of the cheese.
In a large bowl or blender, combine eggs, sour cream, yogurt, milk, salt, pepper and parsley. Whisk or blend then pour over pies.
Place pies on baking sheet, and bake on lower shelf  in preheated oven for 40 minutes. The top will be puffed and slightly golden brown. Remove from oven and let stand for 5 to 10 minutes.

Submitter: 
Renee Parker
Description: 
Excellent served for breakfast with fruit, or at lunch or dinner with a salad. This recipe makes two 9 inch pies. Fresh spinach, onion and mushrooms are paired with 3 cheeses in this rich delicious egg dish. Meat makes it great but can be left out for vegetarian friends without losing flavor.Modified from: Clark's Quiche
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
