URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62942160/missys-peanut-butter-passion-cake/
Title:
MISSY'S PEANUT BUTTER PASSION CAKE Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/722364.jpg
Ingredients:
FOR CAKE:
2 cups sugar
1 cup vegetable oil
2 eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla
3 cups flour
3/4 cup cocoa
2 teaspoons baking powder
2 teaspoons baking soda
1½ teaspoons salt
1 cup strong coffee, cooled
1 cup buttermilk (see note)
FOR FROSTING:
1 (8-oz.) package cream cheese, room temperature
½ cup powdered sugar
½ teaspoon salt
1 cup peanut butter
1 (12-oz.) tub whipped topping, thawed
Chocolate cookie crumbs and peanut butter cups for garnish
Few tablespoons prepared fudge frosting for garnish

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease and flour a 9x13x2-inch pan, 2 9-inch round pans, 3 8-inch round pans or 1 10-inch round pan and set aside.
Using an electric mixer, combine sugar, oil, eggs and vanilla. Beat 1 minute.
Gradually add remaining ingredients (alternating wet and dry) and beat for 2 to 3 minutes at medium speed.
Pour batter into prepared pan(s) and bake for approximately 50 minutes or so until cake is done.
Cool for 5 minutes and carefully remove from pan(s).
Using an electric mixer, combine cream cheese, powdered sugar, salt, peanut butter until smooth.
Using a spatula, gently fold in whipped topping until smooth. Chill frosting for about an hour (even overnight is okay). You can even make the frosting ahead and have it chilling while the cake is baking. This frosting tastes like a creamy peanut butter mousse.
Spread cake with frosting and sprinkle all over with chocolate cookie crumbs and peanut butter cups or as desired. It also looks good to drizzle a little prepared fudge frosting over the top of the cake (first soften it in the microwave for about 10 seconds - just long enough to thin it). Chill until serving time.

Submitter: 
Melissa Dommert
Description: 
I have never shared this specific recipe until now. It’s a wonderful cake and has been a prizewinning blessing to me. It won a 1st place ribbon and $100. prize in the 2010 Kroger Employee Holiday Baking Contest and a 1st place medal in the adult dessert category at the 2011 Texas Rice Festival cooking contest held in Winnie, Texas. It’s a blessed cake! Nothing would please me more than to hear from one of you telling me that you tried it and liked it too! Hope you enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min.
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
