URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62944985/grilled-alice-chicken/
Title:
Grilled Alice chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/723517.jpg
Ingredients:
Medium to large Chicken breast
chopped green onions (optional, but very good addition)
sliced fresh mushrooms
Colby/Jack shredded cheese
Bacon
Dijon Mustard, Honey, mayonnaise and Worcestershire sauce.

Directions:
For the honey mustard sauce I used equal parts of Dijon mustard and honey, then about half that amount of Mayonnaise, Probably about a ½ C mustard and honey, then ¼ cup of mayonnaise. Shake in a dash or two of Worcestershire sauce. Whisk together until smooth.
Colby jack cheese is the best cheese. Chop green onions, slice fresh mushrooms and about a piece and half of bacon per chicken breast.
Prepare the grill for indirect heat
In large cast iron skillet cook bacon until crispy and remove, then sauté the mushrooms in the bacon grease and remove.
Heat skillet over direct heat, might have to add some more grease or oil.
Place the chicken breast in the pan and sear on each side for 2 – 3 minutes. Remove skillet from the heat and spoon honey mustard sauce over each breast (reserve lots of the sauce for dipping), top with mushrooms, bacon slices, scallions, and shredded cheese, a good handful for each breast.
Place the skillet over the indirect heat and close grill lid and cook at approx. 350 for fifteen minutes, turn pan half turn half way to assure even cooking. Chicken is done when reaches 160 degrees.
Top with more fresh scallions and some fresh parsley.

Submitter: 
*Sherri*
Description: 
The famous Alice chicken but in one pan on the grill...great for camping and grilling season..which is all year in Florida.
I'm not submitting this for publication...but need to document so I don't forget since this is not the healthiest dish we don't make it too often. But want to share for those who would rather grill it.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min.
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
