URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62947358/my-best-butter-chicken-chicken-makhani/
Title:
My Best Butter Chicken (Chicken Makhani) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Tandoori Marinade
4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts or 10 boneless, skinless chicken thighs - cubed
5 Tbsp plain yogurt
1 Tbsp tandoori masala
1 Tbsp garam masala
1 Tbsp chili powder
2 Tbsp lemon or lime juice
1 Tsp salt
1 Tsp cumin
1/4 Tsp garlic paste
1/4 Tsp allspice
1/2 Tsp cayenne pepper (optional)
1/2 Tsp orange food coloring (optional)
Sauce
1 Tbsp olive oil
2 Tbsp butter
1 large sliced onion
1" piece of ginger - crushed into a paste
6 cloves of garlic - crushed into a paste
1 Tsp chili powder
1 Tsp garam masala
1 Tsp tandoori masala
1 Tsp diced hot chili pepper
1/2 Tsp fenugreek - crushed
1 Tsp ground coriander
1/4 Tsp turmeric
1 Tsp white pepper
1/2 Tsp cayenne pepper (optional)
2 cups diced tomatoes
1 cup water
2 Tbsp heavy cream
1/4 cup cashew nuts - ground
1/8 cup plain yogurt
Fresh minced cilantro for garnish

Directions:
Tandoori Marinade. Mix together above ingredients and add cubed chicken pieces. Marinate chicken in yogurt paste mixture, cover and refrigerate 2 hours or overnight. The longer the chicken marinates the more tender it will be.
Sauce. Heat oil and butter in a large saucepan on med-high heat. Add the onions and fry for 3 minutes, or until onions are golden.
Add the ginger and garlic paste along with a little water, and fry until the oil seperates.
Add the chicken with yogurt marinade and stir fry 8-10 minutes.
Add the chili powder, garam masala, tandoori masala, chili pepper, coriander, turmeric, white pepper, fenugreek and diced tomatoes. Mix together well and cook for 5 minutes.
Add the cup of water, mix well and bring to a boil. Cover and cook approximately 10 minutes, until chicken is cooked through, add ground cashew nuts to thicken, add the cream and mix well.
Spoon over hot basmati rice, top with fresh cilantro and a dollop of yogurt.

Submitter: 
erin mc
Description: 
I have tried several butter chicken recipes, and I  created this recipe by taking the things I liked most from all those recipes. You can easily increase the spices if you like spicy foods and want more of a kick to this dish! This takes a bit of time but it is SO worth it! Serve with fresh naan bread.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
