URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62948347/ham-with-fruit-glaze/
Title:
Ham with Fruit Glaze Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 large(4 lb) pineapple, peeled
1/2 cup packed light brown sugar
1/2 tsp. ground ginger
1/8 tsp. cayenne pepper
3/4 cup packed dried Mediterranean apricots
1/4 cup dried cranberries
toothpicks, snipped in half
1(7 lb) fully cooked bone-in smoked half ham, shank end
1 cup water

Directions:
Cut pineapple lengthwise into quarters, cutting out and discarding the core. Cut each piece crosswise into 1/3-inch thick slices. Cut each slice in quarters. Place into a 12" skillet and add sugar, ginger, and cayenne. Cook on medium for 15 minutes or until the pineapple is tender and the liquid is syrupy, stirring often. Let cool slightly.
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees.
Place the ham, fat side up, in a 15" by 10" roasting pan. Secure pineapple, apricots, and cranberries with toothpicks to the fatty side of the ham, alternating fruit to create a decorative pattern. Reserve remaining pineapple and liquid. Add water to the pan, then drape a large sheet of parchment paper over the ham. Cover the pan tightly with foil and bake for 2 hours.
In a blender, puree the remaining pineapple and liquid until very smooth, making a sauce.
After the 2 hours are done, remove the foil and parchment from the ham. Carefully stir the pineapple sauce into the already existing liquid in the pan. Spoon the pan sauce over the ham to glaze evenly. Bake the ham uncovered 30-40 minutes longer or until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the ham reaches 135 degrees, gently brushing with glaze every 15 minutes. Internal temperature of the ham will rise 5-10 degrees upon standing.
Transfer the ham to a cutting board; let stand for 20 minutes for easier slicing. Return any fallen fruit to the ham. Slice the ham, removing toothpicks as needed. Serve with the fruit and sauce from the pan.

Submitter: 
Kristi Laudert
Description: 
Ham for the holidays :)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
