URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62947369/easy-chile-relleno-egg-rolls/
Title:
EASY CHILE RELLENO EGG ROLLS Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/724474.jpg
Ingredients:
1 package (24 oz.) egg roll wrappers (or "skins")
1 27 oz. can whole green chiles (these are not spicy), any seeds removed, drained well and patted dry
1 lb. monterey jack cheese, cut into 3-inch long strips approx. 1/2-inch thick
Small dish of water or eggwash, to seal wrappers
Canola or vegetable oil

Directions:
This recipe is super easy! Use as much green chile and cheese as you like, just make sure you'll be able to roll them up:
Lay a wrapper on your work surface diagonally (so it resembles a diamond).
Place a piece of green chile (as big or as small as you like) so it's sitting horizontally towards the bottom point of the wrapper, but make sure there is still an inch of wrapper showing.
Place a strip of cheese on top of the chile.
Using your index finger, dip it into the dish of water and moisten the edges of the wrapper.
Starting with the point that's closest to you, roll the wrapper over the chile and cheese.
Bring in both sides, making sure to press down firmly to seal in the filling.
Rolling the egg roll away from you, completely enclose the yumminess inside.
Heat approx. 1/2-inch of oil on medium high heat in large fry pan.
Carefully lay a few egg rolls into the hot oil, turning once, until golden brown on both sides. This happens very quickly so don't walk away.
Remove to paper towel-lined plate and let cool for a couple minutes as the filling will be HOT. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
MizzWycked
Description: 
I love chile rellenos but they can be time-consuming to make from scratch. This is a fast fix! Feel free to spoon your favorite ranchera sauce over the top if serving with rice and beans. This recipe comes from my 76-year old Japanese mother, who learned it from a Filipino lady she used to work with back in the early 80's. NOTE: If using wonton wrappers, you can serve these as appetizers. Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
5 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
