URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62941646/egg-rolls-pork/
Title:
Egg Rolls (pork) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/722133.jpg
Ingredients:
1 quart peanut oil for frying
8 egg roll wrappers
2 tablespoon of water (to seal egg rolls)
1 pound ground pork
1 package of cold slaw mix
1 tablespoon of fresh ginger, minced
1 tablespoon of fresh garlic, minced
2 tablespoon of soy sauce
2 tablespoon of oyster sauce
1 tablespoon of hoisin sauce
1 tablespoon of dry sherry (optional)
1 tablespoon of sesame seed oil

Directions:
In a fry pan add pork, ginger, and garlic and mix thoroughly. Heat on medium high, stirring, until pork is cooked through and no longer pink. Set aside in a bowl lined with paper towels to allow the pork oil to drain into the paper towels.
In the bowl with the pork, Remove the paper towels  combine the cold slaw with the pork along with Add soy sauce, oyster sauce, hoisin sauce, dry sherry, and sesame oil, mix well.
Pour mixture back into the fry pan and cook on high heat for 2 to 5 mins. Put new paper towels in the bowl and add mixture, Refrigerate mixture for an hour or more.
Note: Refrigerate for 1 hour or more. this will help keep the wrapper from ripping.
In another large skillet heat oil to medium high heat. While oil is heating,
Lay out one egg roll skin with a corner pointed toward you. Place about a 1/4 cup of the mixture on egg roll paper and fold corner up over the mixture. Fold left and right corners toward the center and continue to roll. Brush a bit of water on the final corner to help seal the egg roll.
Place egg rolls into heated oil and fry, turning occasionally, until golden brown. Remove from oil and drain on paper towels or rack.

Submitter: 
Mark Farmer
Description: 
These are fabulous as a side dish Or as a main dish. It is also good with stir-fry dishes. Serve warm with hot mustard or soy sauce if desired.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
