URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62940074/buttermilk-ancho-sauce-for-smoked-or-roasted-meats/
Title:
Buttermilk Ancho Sauce for Smoked or Roasted Meats Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/753484.jpg
Ingredients:
5-7 fresh ancho chiles*
4 tomatillos, husked*
4 vine-ripened tomatoes
1 jalapeño
4 cloves of garlic
1 small onion
1/2 cup chicken stock
1-1/2 - 2 cups Light Buttermilk (1%)
1 tsp smoked onion salt
1 tsp  chipotle powder
1 tsp bacon salt or defatted finely chopped bacon bits
Cooking Spray
Equipment:
Oven
Blender
Med. pot
Cutting Board
Knives
Oven pan
Aluminum Foil

Directions:
1. Preheat a toaster oven (best) or oven to 325F convection (preferred) or 350F for normal ovens.
2. Line your oven pan with foil. Very lightly spray the foil with cooking spray.
3. Put the chiles and tomatillos on the oven pan.  Peel onion and garlic and place loosely on pan.
4. Core tomatoes using an apple corer to try to keep the tomato together so it doesn't dry out. You can also use a small knife to core out the tomatoes but it takes more skill and time.  Put them on the roasting pan.
5. Put the roasting pan in the oven for 40 min.
6. Set up your blender, cutting board, and someplace for the hot pan by a sink.  Take out the roasting pan from the oven.
7. Put everything from the pan other than the chiles (including tomatillos) into the blender.
8. Pull the stems and seed pods out of the ancho chiles. Pull the chiles apart with your fingers. Get rid of the seeds and the white connective tissue of the chile.  Put the remainder in the blender. Cut the stem off of the jalapeño and slice in half. Decision point: For mild sauce, take out the seeds. For hotter, toss it all into the blender. Blend on HIGH for one minute, or until very smooth.
9. Pour the mixture from the blender into a pre-heated (med), pot. Add the chicken stock and light buttermilk and stir well. If it is too thick, add a bit more buttermilk until is like a gravy in thickness. DO NOT bring to a boil. Cook until heated through on low/med heat.
Drizzle sauce over cooked meat. Put remainder in small containers for use later. Great Southwestern accent with smoked, barbecue, or roasted meats

Submitter: 
The Jazz Chef
Description: 
I always work on lighter sauces big on flavor to replace heavy cream ones. This is a wonderful, light, moderately spicy and very tasty sauce using roasted chiles that is perfect drizzled over roasted and smoked meats. Also pairs well with my Green Chile Southwestern Supper Casserole under the meat for a whole meal.  It's also great as substitute for gravy on mashed potatoes with a meat.

This recipe makes a bigger batch than you'll serve. Freeze in small quantities and use for other meals!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10-12 min.
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
