URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62942035/a-gang-up-gouda-apple-bratwurst-breakfast-casserole/
Title:
A Gang-Up Gouda Apple Bratwurst Breakfast Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/723064.jpg
Ingredients:
3/4 lb bratwurst sausage or 3 brats (substituted for bacon)
2 medium potatoes, finely diced (substituted for flour)
2 medium apples, diced
1/2 tsp salt
1/2 tsp black pepper
2 tsp freshly grated ginger
2 tsp dried sage
1 clove garlic, minced
1 onion, chopped
1/2 cup mushrooms, sliced
1/2 cup water
6 eggs
2 cups gouda cheese, shredded

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Remove bratwurst from casing and break into small pieces.
Mix bratwurst thoroughly with sage, salt and pepper in a large bowl.
Stir in grated fresh ginger into the bratwurst mixture.
Break up the bratwurst into small pieces and cook it in a large skillet until browned and cooked through.
Add potatoes, apples, onions and garlic into skillet with the bratwurst.
Add water as needed.
Cook about 10 minutes until potatoes are softened and onions are translucent.  Add mushrooms and continue cooking for a few more minutes.
In a medium sized bowl stir in the eggs.
Add half of the shredded gouda to the egg mixture and stir.
Place the bratwurst mixture into a 9x13 baking dish.
Pour the egg and cheese mixture over the bratwurst and stir.
Top with remaining shredded gouda and bake in a preheated oven for approximately 30 minutes or until eggs are cooked and everything is heated though and cheese is melted.

Submitter: 
Occasional Cooker
Description: 
This German inspired breakfast casserole with ginger and sage spiced bratwurst, potatoes, tart apples, eggs and creamy melted gouda was created in response to a recipe challenge on the Buzz to create a recipe from a list of ingredients suggested by AllRecipes users.  The theme for this challenge was breakfast for dinner.  Since the challenge was in October and one of the ingredients was apples I decided to create a German style casserole.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
