URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62940079/green-chile-southwestern-supper-casserole/
Title:
Green Chile Southwestern Supper Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1-1/2 Cup Orecchiette pasta
2 Chayote squash
2 Cans Healthy Choice Cream of Mushroom Soup
1 Can black beans
1 can HATCH green chile (New Mexico)*
1 ear corn
1/2 head cauliflower
1 Onion
1 Large Portabella mushroom
3 cloves garlic
2 tsp bacon bits
2 tsp smoked onion salt or similar smoked salt
1 tsp chipotle powder
1/4 cup dry grated COTIJA cheese
1/4 cup shredded Jalapeno jack or other spicy shredded cheese
1/4 cup Chicken stock
PAM
Water for boiling

Directions:
1. Grab equipment: A medium-sized pot for boiling pasta, a larger saute pan, 12" wide or bigger deep work bowl, cutting board, 11x13 or similar baking dish and a colander.
2. Preheat oven to 325 convection, 350 regular.  Set the pasta boiling pot on high. Put the saute pan on low to warm it up.
3. Cut the chayote squash into 1/4 inch cubes. If you've never handled one, there is a seed in the middle like a mango, but much smaller. Set the squash on its base and cut vertically parallel to the crease in the bottom. Cut the edges down and trim out any seed if you caught it. Place in your work bowl.
4. Coarse chop onion and portabella mushroom head (not stem) and chop garlic.  put them in the work bowl.
5. Put the ear of corn in the work bowl and hold it vertically. Take a knife and cut off the kernels into the bowl on all sides.
6. Break 1/2 cauliflower head into tiny 1/4" bits and add to work bowl.
7. Add bacon, green chile and salts.
8. Coat the saute pan lightly with cooking spray. Put the contents of the work bowl into the saute pan and raise the heat to medium. Combine ingredients. Rinse out bowl and reserve for later.  Stir the ingredients occasionally. When the squash is more translucent, add the chicken broth. You may need to raise the heat. Cook another six minutes.
9. Put your pasta in the boiling water for 6 min.
10. Drain pasta and put it in the work bowl. Add saute pan contents.
12. Put black beans in a colander and rinse well.
13. Add cheese and cream of mushroom. Stir well.
14. Put in baking dish and bake covered for 30-35 minutes.
15. Plate a scoop and put sliced smoked or roasted meat on top. Drizzle buttermilk ancho sauce on top of meat if using a sauce.

Submitter: 
The Jazz Chef
Description: 
A tasty alternative to potatoes and veggies when serving roasted meats. Serve as all of your starches and veggies underneath some sliced smoked chicken or steak with a Southwestern-style meat rub.  You can top the meat with my Buttermilk Ancho sauce (See other recipe)Modified from: Green Chile Southwestern Supper Cassarole
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10-20 min.
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
