URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62941774/chocolate-hazelnut-cupcake-supreme/
Title:
Chocolate Hazelnut Cupcake Supreme Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/722186.jpg
Ingredients:
•	1 1/2 cups white sugar
•	2 cups all-purpose flour
•	1  cup of chopped hazelnuts
•	1 large tub of Chocolate Frosting
•	13 oz. chocolate-hazelnut spread, such as Kroger Brand or Nutella
•	3/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
•	1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
•	1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda
•	1 teaspoon salt
•	2 eggs
•	1/2 cup vegetable oil
•	1 cup milk
•	2 teaspoons vanilla extract
•	1/3 cup water

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease 18 muffin cups or line with paper baking cups.
Toast the chopped hazelnuts.  I placed mine in a non-stick pan on the stove and toasted them.
Put 3/4 cup of the chopped now toasted hazelnuts in a food processor and process to grounds. The remaining hazelnuts will be used during frosting.
Stir together the sugar, flour, 3/4 cup of ground hazelnuts, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda, and salt; set aside.
Beat together the eggs, vegetable oil, milk, and vanilla extract until smooth.
Stir in the flour mixture until moistened,
Stir in the water until batter is smooth. Pour into the prepared cups. Do not fill cups more than ½ full, these cupcakes are decadent and may sink in the middle but that’s okay. The fillings will work better this way.
Bake in preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 15 - 18 minutes. Cool in the pan for 5 minutes, then remove from the pan and let cool completely on a wire rack.
In a bowl mix together 4 to 6 oz. of the chocolate- hazelnut spread and the chocolate frosting until well blended. Use a little powdered sugar to adjust consistency if needed then set aside.
Once cupcakes are completely cool, using a knife, spread a small amount of the remaining chocolate hazelnut spread over the cupcake,
Then sprinkle a small amount of the reserved chopped hazelnuts over the hazelnut spread.
Frost with the chocolate frosting and hazelnut spread mix
Garnish with sprinkle of chopped hazelnuts.

Submitter: 
CrondaT
Description: 
These decadent cupcakes are very moist. I tried making then from a recipe I had found but had to  make a lot of changes so I decided to make my own recipe.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
