URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62941411/zucchini-cheese-pancakes/
Title:
Zucchini-Cheese Pancakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 large eggs, lightly beaten
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper or coarse black pepper
1/4 cup olive oil or vegetable oil
2/3 cup chopped chives or scallions; about 1 bunch scallions, trimmed and chopped
2 teaspoons salt, to taste
1 teaspoon dried basil*
1 teaspoon dried oregano*
4 cups coarsely grated zucchini; about one 10" zucchini
1 3/4 cups All-Purpose Flour
*Substitute 2 teaspoons Pizza Seasoning for the dried herbs, if desired, reducing salt to 1 1/2 teaspoons.
1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, Cheddar, Monterey Jack or other cheese (or a combination).

Directions:
1) Preheat a griddle or frying pan over medium-high heat; if you have an electric griddle, set the heat to 400°F.
2) Beat the eggs with the oil, salt, and pepper until thoroughly combined.
3) Add the herbs, scallions, zucchini, and cheese, stirring to combine.
4) Stir in the flour.
5) Grease the hot griddle lightly. Drop the batter in 1/4 cupfuls onto the griddle; a muffin scoop works well here. If necessary, spread the cakes to about 3 1/2" to 4" diameter.
6) Cook the cakes for 3 minutes, or until they're brown on the bottom, and bubbles have appeared on their tops. The top surface will appear somewhat dry and set.
7) Flip the cakes, and cook them for about3 to 4 minutes on the second side, or until they're as moist/cooked as you like when you break one open.
8) Repeat until you've used all of the batter.
9) Serve warm, at room temperature, or cold; with butter and grated cheese, or without. Store any leftovers, tightly wrapped, in the refrigerator. Reheat in a toaster or toaster oven, if desired.

Submitter: 
thowlett1959
Description: 
The following recipe is a tasty way to use up some of that prolific crop of zucchini from your garden. These moist, savory cakes are delicious hot from the griddle; warm; at room temperature... even cold. They're an easy late for work, eat in the car treat
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
