URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62942241/louisiana-style-glazed-ham/
Title:
Louisiana-Style Glazed Ham Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/722400.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (6-8 lb.) bone-in ham
2 cups light brown sugar (maybe more)
1/4 cup yellow mustard
2 Tbsp. pineapple juice

Directions:
Rinse off ham and place in a large pot. Cover as much of the ham as possible with water and bring to a good, bubbling simmer. Cover the pot with a large piece of aluminum foil that you have poked a couple of holes in. Cook for approximately 15 minutes per pound of ham, for example, an 8 pound ham would need to cook for about 2 hours.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees while you prepare the glaze. For the glaze, combine brown sugar, mustard and pineapple juice to make a thick paste. Sometimes you may need to add a few more tablespoons of brown sugar if needed to thicken glaze. You don’t want it to be too thin or it will roll right off the ham.
Carefully pour the water off of ham and remove it to a 9x13-inch pan or a baking sheet that has been lined with aluminum foil (this makes cleanup easier).
Spread ½ of glaze all over ham and bake for about 30 minutes until glaze has cooked onto ham. About halfway through the baking time, spread a little more glaze onto ham and continue baking.
Remove from oven and place ham on a serving platter or plate. Pour the glaze drippings from the pan back into remaining glaze, stir to combine and microwave for 1 minute until warm. Serve glaze with ham.
To make an extra special glazed ham, garnish it with pineapple slices (held in place with toothpicks) and cherries before glazing it. Be sure to remove toothpicks before serving.

Submitter: 
Melissa Dommert
Description: 
This recipe brings back so many happy memories of holiday dinners and special family occasions. This is the way Mama always cooked our holiday ham. Allowing the ham to slowly simmer seems to remove some of it's excess saltiness. As the sweet and tangy glaze bakes onto the ham, it carmelizes to candied Southern perfection. Now that Mama does her cooking up in Heaven, our family continues to carry on her tradition!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min.
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
