URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62946326/soft-and-tender-meatballs/
Title:
Soft and Tender Meatballs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/724111.jpg
Ingredients:
3# Ground Beef
1# Ground Sausage
3 cups finely chopped Onion
6 cloves Garlic, finely chopped
2T Bacon Fat
1 Loaf Fresh Italian bread
1/2 cup Whole Milk, Half-n-half or Cream
1/2 cup chicken stock
2 Eggs, Beaten
1/4 cup Dried Parsley (or 1/2 cup chopped fresh)
1t Penzeys Italian Herb Seasoning
2T Celtic Sea Salt
1t Black Pepper
1T Worstcheire Sauce
1T Dijon Mustard

Directions:
Sautee Garlic and Onions in bacon fat, until soft, allow to cool.
Cut loaf of bread in half horizontally, scoop out the white bread, leaving a boat like shell of crust (save crust for pizza bread or garlic toast), ideally 5-6 cups of torn white bread pcs, put in a bowl.
Combine milk, chicken stock, and eggs - then pour over the torn white bread pieces. Mash bread into small pieces with fingers.
Stir in cooled sauteed garlic/onions into the bread mixture, mix well
Add to the bread mixture Parsley, Italian seasoning, salt, pepper, worst. sauce, dijon mustard and mix very well.
In a large mixing bowl combine the Ground Beef and Sausage together, using your hands.
Add the bread mixture to the meat mixture about 1 cup at a time, mixing well with your hands between each cup until all is combined evenly.
Preheat Oven to 350
Form meatballs onto a cookie sheet with sides and bake until cooked through. Can be simmered in sauce, frozen for later, etc.
*Optional Gravy - pour pan drippings from the cooked meatballs into a skillet, add flour (or browned flower) to make a rue, add chicken stock and wisk well.

Submitter: 
Hayley Ryczek
Description: 
My husband has been begging me for a soft homemade meatball for years. This recipe turned out amazing, they are nice and tender, but won't fall apart.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
