URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62944688/mini-chicken-taco-salad/
Title:
Mini Chicken Taco Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/723367.jpg
Ingredients:
2 Chicken Legs And Thighs
2 Flour Or Corn 6 inch Tortillas
.
- Salad and topping Ingredients -
.
1/4 head of lettuce, sliced thin
4 tablespoons of sour cream
2 ounces of cheddar cheese, shredded
2 tablespoons of black olives, sliced (Optional)
2 ounces of gruyere cheese, shredded (Optional)
4 Oz of refried beans
.
- Sauce Ingredients -
.
2 Large Tomatoes Or One 15 Ounce Can Of Tomatoes
1 Jalapeno Pepper, Diced
4 Cloves Of Garlic
1 Onion, Diced
1 teaspoon of salt, kosher
1 teaspoon of black pepper, ground

Directions:
Pan Fry Or Oven Bake the chicken
Take all the items for the sauce and put into a sauce pan and turn on low and allow the sauce to cook for 30 mins to an hour.
When the chicken is cooked, shred The Chicken.
take the chicken and add to the sauce pan with the sauce, and mix into the chicken, allow to continue to cook on low so the sauce can soak into the chicken, and keep the chicken warm.
Take Tortilla and place into a taco salad form and deep fry for 3 mins. when you take the tortilla out allow the oil to drain back into the deep fryer, and place on some paper towels. The shell will puff up like taco bell gorditas.
Place tortillas on a plate, add refried beans to the bottom of the tortilla, shredded lettuce, sour cream, black olives, top with chicken and sauce, and cheese.

Submitter: 
Mark Farmer
Description: 
Me and my wife like taco salads, but we always share one. this time I decided to make two mini taco salads, and they turned out to be the perfect size for us. For this recipe I also used cheddar and Gruyere cheese. I only used Gruyere cheese because I had some left over from hamburgers we had a few days earlier, but it was good also. You can omit Gruyere cheese or just use any cheese you want. Mexican Queso Fresco crumble cheese is also a good topping cheese. I fried the tortillas using a taco salad deep fryer form that you can buy from Amazon.com
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
