URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62958038/mac-and-cheese-with-bacon/
Title:
Mac and Cheese with bacon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Cheese bechamel
4 tablespoons of butter
4 tablespoons of flour
4 cups of milk, hot, but not boiling
Salt, white pepper to taste
1 cup of grated American cheese
1/2 cup of grated parmigiano
Mac and cheese
3 tablespoons of butter
2 ounces of extra virgin olive oil
Pinch of fresh chopped rosemary
Salt, pepper, crushed red pepper, to taste
1 pound of ditallini pasta, blanched, chilled, then brought to room temperature
12-14 ounces of cheese bechamel
1/2 pound of sliced bacon, cut into 1 inch pieces, cooked, strain fat, reserve bacon
1.5 cups of blanched asparagus, cut into thin rings (1/4 inch)
1.5 cups of blanched haricot vert, cut into thin rings (1/4 inch)
1/2 cup of diced onions, small, sweated in a small amount of butter (once cooked and cooled, combine asparagus, haricot vert, and onion and reserve)
1/2 cup grated manchego cheese
1/2 cup grated (yellow) cheddar cheese
2 cups of toasted panko crumbs, (crushed)
1/2 cup of thinly sliced green onions (1/8 inch)

Directions:
For cheese bechamel: Melt butter in a medium sized sauce pan. Add flour and stir over moderate heat for approximately 5 minutes. Slowly whisk in milk and continue to stir and cook Add salt, white pepper. Add both cheeses until they melt and the mixture becomes smooth and creamy. Chill and reserve.
For mac and cheese: In a large soup pot, melt butter and olive oil over high heat. Add rosemary, salt, pepper, and crushed red pepper. Add cooked pasta, bechamel and allow to melt, stirring with a wooden spoon. Add bacon, veggies and cook for 30 seconds to 1 minute.
Add cheeses, mix, and allow to melt. Taste and adjust seasoning. If too thick, add a little milk or more bechamel. Pour into rustic serving vessel and completely cover with toasted bread crumbs. Garnish with green onions and serve.

Submitter: 
Carey2103
Description: 
So yummy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
14
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
