URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62956242/apple-turnovers-with-buttermilk-and-canola-oil-crust/
Title:
Apple Turnovers with Buttermilk and Canola Oil Crust Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/728455.jpg
Ingredients:
Chill canola oil before starting this recipe.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees
Ingredients
•	2 cups all-purpose flour
•	1/2 teaspoon salt
•	3 Tablespoons of cold butter
•	½ cup of chilled canola oil
•	1/3 cup buttermilk, or as needed
Optional:
You will need 1 beaten egg or egg beaters
If you like, you may brush the turnover with beaten egg, or egg beaters

Directions:
Whisk the flour and salt together in a bowl.
Cut the butter into small pieces. Add to the bowl.
With a pastry cutter, cut the butter into the flour until the chunks are the size of small peas.
Mix buttermilk and canola oil. Add buttermilk and canola oil mixture to the bowl. Use a fork to mix dough until the dough is moistened and beginning to gather together. Form the dough into a compact shape.
For pie, divide the dough in half, and shape each half into a ball.(Roll out each pie crust between 2 sheets of waxed paper.)
For turnovers, divide dough into 6 to 8 small balls.
For 6 large turnovers, roll into a 6 inch circle and use 1/3 cup of pie filling. For 8 small turnovers, roll into a 4 inch circle and use ¼ cup pie filling.
Next, flour one sheet of waxed paper. Place the ball of dough on the waxed paper. Flatten with hand. Then place the second sheet of waxed paper on top of dough.
Roll each dough ball out into a thin circle about 6 inches across. Use water around edges to seal turnover. Spoon about 1/3 cup of filling into the center of the dough circle.
Fold the dough over the filling to make a half-moon shaped pie, and crimp the edges of the crust together with a fork, leaving little fork lines in the dough.
Gently lay the turnovers on the prepared baking sheets.
Depending on the size of your cookie sheet, place 4 on a cookie sheet.
Optional: Brush the top of each pie with beaten egg,(or liquid egg substitute.)

Submitter: 
Lela
Description: 
Many pie crusts use vegetable shortening. For those who are allergic to soy products this is a good way to make a pie crust by substituting Canola Oil for shortening. The crust is still flaky.Modified from: Buttermilk Pie Crust
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
15 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
