URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62959273/bread-machine-orange-rolls/
Title:
Bread Machine Orange Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Rolls
3 eggs, beaten
1 ¼ cups warm water
½ cup margarine
1 tsp salt
5 ½ cups flour
1 cup sugar
2 packages or 4 ½ tsp of active yeast*
Rind of 1 orange about 1 tsp
Topping
Rind of 1 orange about 1tsp
½ cup margarine, melted
½ cup sugar or honey

Directions:
Lightly grease a standard cupcake pan. Adjust an oven rack to the middle position and preheat the oven to 350.
To prepare the rolls, starting with the eggs and in order, working your way to the orange rind, place all of the ingredients in your bread machine bowl. Set your bread machine to “dough” and allow the machine to do its magic.
Once the bread machine is complete, turn the dough onto a lightly floured surface and roll it out into a log about 15” long and equal thickness. Cut the log into 3 pieces. Slice each piece into quarters. Gently roll each piece into a tight ball so you end up with 12 equal size rolls. Arrange the rolls in the greased cupcake pan.
With a pastry brush, brush the topping over each roll. Wrap tightly with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place until double in size, 1 to 2 hours. If you need to step out for 2 hours, slow the rising process by refrigerating.
Just before baking, cut an x on the top of each roll. Brush each roll with topping just before putting in the oven.
Bake until the rolls are golden and puffed, 25 to 30 minutes. Let the rolls cool before slipping them out on a plate.

Submitter: 
Nettie Picetti-Grosjean
Description: 
The Orange Rolls with a few minor modifications prepare marvelously in the bread machine. And, best of all, you don’t have to fuss over them. In 15 minutes mix up these wonderful Orange Rolls, then skip to the next item on your to-do list while they do their magic in the bread machine. 30 minutes to an hour later (depending on your yeast) and you are ready to roll out the rolls! And just a bit in the oven they are ready! These are perfectly scrumptious enough for a holiday morning, any morning at that, or for an after dinner dessert.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25
Ready in:
2 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
