URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62951092/mama-leonas-chicken-soup-recipe-modified-by-priscilla-vail/
Title:
MAMA LEONA’S CHICKEN SOUP  (recipe modified by Priscilla Vail) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 boneless skinless chicken breasts seasoned heavily w your favorite seasoning
kosher salt, black pepper,
2 tablespoons oil, 2 teaspoons butter
1 medium onion & 2 stalks celery, diced
5 cloves garlic minced
3 teaspoon each tarragon & oregano (dried-use more if fresh)
2 teaspoons sweet Hungarian paprika
1/2 cup all-purpose flour, plus
5 1/3 cups fat-free chicken broth plus 2 cups for chicken breasts
1 can diced tomatoes with juice
1/2 pint heavy cream
1 cup thinly sliced fresh spinach
½ cup kale or collards...

Directions:
Saute chicken breasts in oil and some preferred seasonings.
When cool enough to handle, dice the meat and then boil till tender in 2 cups chicken broth.
While breasts are tenderizing, heat the oil in a large stockpot over medium heat. Add the butter and melt. Saute the onions and celery until the onions are translucent.
Add the garlic, tarragon, oregano, paprika, salt and black pepper.
Cook, stirring, for 3 or 4 minutes.
Add the flour and stir until well-combined. Slowly whisk in the chicken broth and bring to a boil
Add the tomatoes and cream. Reduce heat and simmer for 20 minutes.
Add the reserved chicken breast and simmer 10 minutes more. Just before serving, stir in the spinach and kale or collards- remember that if it boils hard the cream will curdle....be careful! Serve with beer soda bread topped w agave syrup or honey and shredded parmesan on the side. Turn off the T.V. Let your palette take over....

Submitter: 
Pam Smith
Description: 
First frost after a sunny day...but quite cold. So dinner was Mama Leona's Chicken Soup, w/salad & bruschetta parmigiana...there was quiet and then the welcomed oohs and ahhs... Love it!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
