URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62956484/classic-and-simple-meat-lasagna/
Title:
Classic and Simple Meat Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
12 whole wheat lasagna noodles
1 pound lean ground beef
2 cloves garlic, chopped
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon dried oregano, or to taste
salt and ground black pepper to taste
Pinch red pepper flakes
1 (16 ounce) package part skim ricotta cheese
1 tsp basil
1 egg
1/2 cup shredded Parmesan cheese
1 1/2 (25 ounce) Prego, Veggie Smart Chunky
2 cups shredded part skim mozzarella cheese

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat. Once the water is boiling, add the lasagna noodles a few at a time, and return to a boil. Cook the pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the pasta has cooked through, but is still firm to the bite, about 10 minutes. Remove the noodles to a plate.
Place the ground beef into a skillet over medium heat, add the garlic, garlic powder, oregano, salt, and black pepper to the large sauce pan. Cook the meat, chopping it into small chunks as it cooks, until no longer pink, about 10 minutes. Drain excess grease. Add back to sauce pan and add Prego sauce.
In a bowl, mix the ricotta cheese, eggs, basil and Parmesan cheese until thoroughly combined.
Place 4 noodles side by side into the bottom of a 9x13-inch baking pan; add ground beef sauce mixture, and a layer of the ricotta cheese mixture; sprinkle with a little mozzarella cheese. Add a layer of noodles, then meat sauce; then noodles. Put last layer of noodles on, cover with rest of meat sauce. Top with rest of mozzarella. Cover the dish with aluminum foil.
Bake in the preheated oven until the casserole is bubbling and the cheese has melted, about 45 minutes. Remove foil and bake until cheese has begun to brown, about 10 more minutes. Allow to stand at least 10 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
limegreendog
Description: 
A family-pleasing version of lasagna is made with lean ground beef, whole wheat lasagna noodles, prepared sauce, and plenty of mozzarella for a dish that's easy yet hearty.Modified from: Classic and Simple Meat Lasagna
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h 35 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
