URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62959324/bread-machine-white-sandwich-bread/
Title:
Bread Machine White Sandwich Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup milk, warm
1/3 cup water, warm
4 tbsp margarine
3 tbsp honey or sugar
3 3/4 cups bread flour
1 envelope or 2 1/4 tsp active yeast
1/4 cup golden flax seed
2 tsp salt

Directions:
Lightly grease a 9" loaf pan. Adjust an oven rack to the middle position and preheat the oven to 350.
To prepare the bread, starting with the milk and in order, working your way to the salt, place all of the ingredients in your bread machine bowl. Set your bread machine to “dough” and allow the machine to do its magic.
Once the bread machine is complete, turn the dough onto a lightly floured surface and roll it out into a 9” square and equal thickness. Roll the dough into a cylinder, pinching the seam underneath and setting the bread in the greased pan.
Wrap tightly with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place until double in size, 1 to 2 hours. If you need to step out for 2 hours, slow the rising process by refrigerating.
Bake until golden and when inserted in the center of the loaf, the instant read thermometer is at 200, about 50 minutes.
Let the bread cool completely before slicing.

Submitter: 
Nettie Picetti-Grosjean
Description: 
This bread is a weekly staple in our household. Sometimes it doesn't last past Wednesday and I have to make another loaf! It costs roughly 75 cents to make a loaf, and preparing the dough in the bread machine, couldn't be simpler. I bake the bread in the oven because I prefer the oven crisp crust produced over what my bread machine produces. It serves well with soups and is sturdy yet light and tender, just great for sandwiches. The flax seeds add a nutty texture and are a rich source of the essential fatty acid Omega 3, but can be eliminated.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
