URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62950890/spanakopita-party-appetizers/
Title:
Spanakopita party appetizers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 large bags of fresh spinach
1 tablespoon olive oil
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
2 large onions, chopped
2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill
8 ounces feta cheese, crumbled
1 1/4 cups shredded Mozzarella
3/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese
4 eggs, lightly beaten
1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley
1 dash ground cinnamon
1 cup butter, melted
Salt and pepper the way you like it
1 1 1/2 package of phyllo dough

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Heat olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Sauté the onions until the onions become translucent.  Mix in spinach, dill and flour. Continue to sauté for 10 minutes, or until most of the moisture has been absorbed. Remove from heat. Mix in feta cheese, eggs, salt and pepper. Remove from heat and cool to room temperature.
Separate one sheet of phyllo dough and evenly brush with a light coating of butter. Place another sheet of phyllo dough over the butter and press the two sheets together. Cut the layered phyllo dough into long strips about 3 inches wide. Place a piece of plastic wrap over the remaining phyllo dough to keep it from drying out.
Lightly flour a smooth marble, granite or wood surface. Place a strip of phyllo dough on your work surface with the narrow end close to you. Using a large spoon, place a heaping spoon of filling 1 inch from the end closest to you. Fold the triangle up, bringing the point at the bottom left up to rest along the left edge. Turn the lower left corner over to touch the right edge. Continue turning the triangle over in this manner until you reach the end of the phyllo. Repeat with the remaining filling and phyllo dough.
Bake in preheated oven for 40 minutes, or until golden brown.

Submitter: 
LLL Productions
Description: 
This is one of my favorite appetizers to prepare when I have guests up to my house for a cooking session. It is an interactive recipe and each guest has something to do. Once all of the Spanakopita is built, we pop it in the oven, open a bottle of wine and wait for the buzzer to ring.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
30
Nutritional Facts:
NA
