URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62952007/slow-cooker-vegetarian-lasagna/
Title:
Slow Cooker Vegetarian Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 large egg
1 15- to 16-ounce container part-skim ricotta
1 5-ounce package baby spinach, coarsely chopped
3 large or 4 small portobello mushroom caps, gills removed (see Tip), halved and thinly sliced
1 small zucchini, quartered lengthwise and thinly sliced
1 28-ounce can crushed tomatoes
1 28-ounce can diced tomatoes
3 cloves garlic, minced
Pinch of crushed red pepper (optional)
15 whole-wheat lasagna noodles (about 12 ounces), uncooked
3 cups shredded part-skim mozzarella, divided

Directions:
1.Combine egg, ricotta, spinach, mushrooms and zucchini in a large bowl.
2.Combine crushed and diced tomatoes and their juice, garlic and crushed red pepper (if using) in a medium bowl.
3.Generously coat a 6-quart or larger slow cooker with cooking spray. Spread 1 1/2 cups of the tomato mixture in the slow cooker. Arrange 5 noodles over the sauce, overlapping them slightly and breaking into pieces to cover as much of the sauce as possible. Spread half of the ricotta-vegetable mixture over the noodles and firmly pat down, then spoon on 1 1/2 cups sauce and sprinkle with 1 cup mozzarella. Repeat the layering one more time, starting with noodles. Top with a third layer of noodles. Evenly spread the remaining tomato sauce over the noodles. Set aside the remaining 1 cup mozzarella in the refrigerator.
4.Put the lid on the slow cooker and cook on High for 2 hours or on Low for 4 hours. Turn off the slow cooker, sprinkle the reserved mozzarella on the lasagna, cover and let stand for 10 minutes to melt the cheese.
Tips & Notes
Make Ahead Tip: Equipment: 6-quart (or larger) slow cooker
Tip: The dark gills found on the underside of a Portobello mushroom cap (page 34) are edible, but can turn a dish an unappealing gray color. If you like, gently scrape the gills off with a spoon.

Submitter: 
Tina Pendergraph
Description: 
Delicious alternative to traditional lasagna.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 - 4 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
