URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62953090/mushroom-palmiers/
Title:
Mushroom Palmiers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/727072.jpg
Ingredients:
5-6 ounces fresh mushrooms
½ medium onions, peeled, quartered
2 tablespoons butter
2 teaspoons flour
1/2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice
½ teaspoons dried thyme or 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh
1/4 teaspoon hot pepper sauce
Salt and freshly ground black pepper
½ box (17 ¼ ounces per box; you will need 1 sheets) frozen puff pastry, thawed
1 eggs
2 teaspoons water

Directions:
In food processor, finely chop mushrooms. Transfer to a plate and set aside. Add onion to food processor and finely chop.
In large skillet, melt butter over medium heat. Add mushrooms and onions and cook until juice evaporates, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Add flour, lemon juice, thyme and hot pepper sauce. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Reduce heat to low and cook about 2 minutes. Set aside to cool.
Unfold the pastry sheet on a flat surface. Spread evenly with the mushroom mixture. Roll up from both long edges into center, gently pressing the 2 rolls together. Wrap tightly in plastic wrap and freeze 1 hour. (Palmiers may be prepared to this point and frozen. If freezing for a longer period, let thaw partially before proceeding.)
When ready to bake, preheat oven to 400 degrees.
Slice rolls about ¼-inch-thick discs, using a serrated knife. Place, cut side down, on a parchment-lined baking sheet, about 1 inch apart.
In small bowl, combine eggs and water and whisk to blend. Brush over tops and bake in preheated oven 9 to 10 minutes. Remove from oven, turn over and brush with egg mixture. Bake another 9 to 10 minutes or until golden brown.
Serve immediately or at room temperature.

Submitter: 
maggiecain
Description: 
This fantastic appetizer can be made ahead and frozen.  Makes about 2 dozen
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
