URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62969987/polpettone---italian-meatloaf/
Title:
Polpettone - Italian meatloaf Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/734451.jpg
Ingredients:
1 egg, beaten
3 cloves of garlic
15 ounce can of diced tomatoes, drained
1 cup panko or Italian bread crumbs
1/2 cup finely chopped onion, optional
1 tablespoon dried Oregano
1 tablespoon dried Basel
1 tablespoon dried Parsley
1 tablespoon dried Rosemary
1 tablespoon of beef stock paste, or three cubes
1 teaspoon of red chili peppers
2 pounds ground beef (must be lean, like 97%)
1/2 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, or Italian blend
4 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese
1 green pepper diced
6 ounces of ham or prosciutto
1/4 cup of ketchup
1 teaspoon of hot or chipotle sauce

Directions:
in a bowl mix meat, egg, garlic, tomatoes, bread crumbs, onion, Oregano, Basel, Parsley, Rosemary, Beef stock paste, red chili peppers, green pepper
Roll the meat mixture out in between two layers of cling film the with of a loaf pan. roll it out until it is about 1/2 inch thick.
Remove top layer of cling film, and lay out ham slices, keeping the ham over an inch way from the edges. cover ham slices with cheese.
using the cling film to help you roll up the meat loaf.
you can then roll it up into aluminum foil and cook in a baking pan, or just place it into a bread loaf pan.
If baking in a loaf pan: Top with ketchup mixed with hot or chipotle sauce. If not the loaf can be topped off after baking.
Bake for approximately 60 minutes or until an instant-read thermometer registers 160 degrees F in the middle of the meatloaf.
Remove from the oven and let rest for 5 minutes. Slice and serve.

Submitter: 
Mark Farmer
Description: 
The meatloaf has European origins; meatloaf of minced meat was mentioned in the famous Roman cookery collection Apicius as early as the 5th century. Meatloaf is a traditional German, Belgian and Dutch dish, and it is a cousin to the Italian meatball. Many meatloaf recipes are interchangeable with meatball recipes, the distinction coming from shape and from the accompaniments or choice of sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
