URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62964556/spicy-cheddar-waffles-with-creamy-chicken-gravy/
Title:
Spicy Cheddar Waffles with Creamy Chicken Gravy Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
WAFFLES:
2 C flour
1 Tbls baking powder
1/2 teas salt
2 eggs
3/4 C milk
1 C cheddar, grated
1/4 C oil or melted butter
1/3 C jarred jalapenos, chopped
CHICKEN GRAVY:
1/2 C minced onion
1 clove garlic, minced
1 Tbls EVOO
1 lb chicken breast
1 C chicken broth
1/2 C half & half
1 Tbls corn starch
3 Tbls cold water
salt & pepper to taste

Directions:
Begin heating waffle iron. In large non-stick skillet over med heat, heat EVOO, add onion and saute till tender about 5 min. Add garlic, saute about 1 more min. Remove from pan and set aside. Spray pan with non-stick cooking spray, add chicken breast and cook, turning until meat is no longer pink but brown on both sides. Remove from pan & chop into 1/2 inch pieces and set aside. Add broth to pan scapping brown bits from sides and bring to bubble. Mix corn starch and cold water, set aside. Slowly pour cream into skillet of hot broth stirring constantly. Bring to almost bubble, add corn starch mixture stirring till thickened. Salt and pepper to taste. Add in chicken and onions turn temp to low and keep warm until waffles are ready.
Mix first 3 dry ingredients and set aside. In large bowl mix eggs, milk, cheddar and oil. Slowly add in dry ingedients, mix just until combined. Stir in jalapenos.  Spray hot waffle iron with non-stick cooking spray and pour 1 cup of batter onto hot iron. Spread out gently. Cook waffles until golden brown. Make sure batter is "set" before checking for doneness. Keep warm in oven and repeat, remembering to spray before adding more batter. Place 2 waffles on each dinner plate and serve with a scoop of hot Chicken grave, a green or fruit salad and a chilled glass of wine. ENJOY!

Submitter: 
Mary P.
Description: 
A savory cheesey waffle served with a hardy chicken gravy is just perfect for a long cold winters night. Serve with a crisp green salad and a chilled glass of wine and you have a great dinner! Or Brunch! TIP:  Heat the oven to 200 to keep the cooked waffles warm while making the rest of them.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min.
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
