URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62966265/orange-spice-pumpkin-bars-with-browned-butter-frosting/
Title:
Orange-Spice Pumpkin Bars with Browned Butter Frosting Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Bars
2 cups Gold Medal® all-purpose flour
1 1/2 cups granulated sugar
2 teaspoons baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice
2 teaspoons grated orange peel
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup vegetable oil
1/2 cup orange juice
1 cup canned pumpkin (not pumpkin pie mix)
2 eggs
Frosting
1/3 cup butter (do not use margarine)
2 cups powdered sugar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla
2 to 4 tablespoons milk

Directions:
1	 Heat oven to 350°F. Grease bottom and sides of 15x10x1-inch pan with shortening; lightly flour (or spray with baking spray with flour).
2	 In large bowl, beat bar ingredients with electric mixer on low speed, scraping bowl occasionally, until moistened. Beat on medium speed 2 minutes, scraping bowl occasionally. Spread batter evenly in pan.
3	 Bake 23 to 27 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool completely, about 1 hour.
4	 In 2-quart saucepan, heat butter over medium heat, stirring constantly, until light golden brown. Remove from heat. Stir in powdered sugar, vanilla and enough milk until smooth and spreadable. Immediately spread frosting over cooled bars. Refrigerate about 15 minutes or until set. For bars, cut into 8 rows by 6 rows. If desired, garnish each bar with orange peel strip.

Submitter: 
Brook Wesle
Description: 
Kitchen Tips
Pumpkin pie spice is a blend of spices to flavor pumpkin. If you want to make your own, mix 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger, 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg and 1/8 teaspoon ground cloves.

Browned butter has a nutty aroma. Carefully watch browning butter and remove the pan from the heat as soon as the butter begins to brown. Heated butter in a hot pan continues to darken as it cools. Do not use margarine in this recipe; margarine is made from vegetable oil and does not brown.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
48
Nutritional Facts:
NA
