URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62965315/butternut-squash-lasagna/
Title:
Butternut Squash Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 medium to large Butternut Squash, halved and seeded
1 pkg. (10 oz.) frozen spinach, thawed
1 pkg. (1 lb.) Lasagna noodles
7 cups milk
1 medium onion
1 pkg. mushrooms, sliced
2 cups shredded parmesean cheese
2 cups shredded mozerella cheese
1/2 cup cornstarch
1 Tbsp. honey
1 tsp. minced garlic
1/4 tsp. minced ginger
1/4 tsp. ground nutmeg
shredded fresh sage, to taste
olive oil
salt and pepper

Directions:
Preheat oven to 450F. Line a pan with foil, set squash cut side up. Cover with foil. Bake for 45-1hr. 15 minutes, or until squash is tender.
While squash is baking, sautee mushrooms and garlic in olive oil until tender. Set aside.
Sautee onions in oil until soft, add spinach to heat. Set mixture aside.
In 5 qt. saucepan, heat 6 cups milk on medium until simmering, stirring occasionally. In small bowl, whisk cornstarch and remaining 1 cup milk. Add cornstarch mixture to simmering milk in pot. Bring to just under a boil, stirring constantly, and remove from heat. (Be sure to scrape bottom of saucepot to prevent scorching.)
To the white sauce, add honey, nutmeg, sage, salt and pepper, and parmesean. Stir until combined. Cover and set aside on warmer.
Cook lasagna noodles according to package.
When squash is done, scrape flesh into a bowl. Stir with fork to a relatively even mashed texture. Add ginger, salt, and pepper.
TO ASSEMBLE LASAGNA:
Spoon 1 cup of the white sauce to cover bottom of pan. Arrange a layer of noodles. Layer as follows:  1/2 the squash, sauce, noodles. All the spinach, sauce, noodles. Mozerella cheese, mushrooms, sauce, noodles. 1/2 Squash, sauce, noodles. Sauce, sprinkling of parmesean/mozerella cheese.
Bake: Cover casserole with foil and place casserole on a cookie sheet to catch spills. Bake for 30 minutes at 375F. Uncover, and bake 15 minutes longer or until hot and bubbly and cheese is browned. Let stand for 10 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
rachaefia
Description: 
Lasagna, with its delicious layers, can take a while to put together, but it's always worth it! This warm vegetarian version is a comfy dinner any day of the week.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1-2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
