URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62960489/pho-bo/
Title:
Pho Bo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb beef brisket or rump
2 lb beef bones
1 peeled large onion
1 old ginger root, 6 inch long
6 cloves
4 star anise
2 Tbsp fish sauce
1 cinnamon stick, 4 inch long
1 tsp salt
1 Tbsp ground peppercorn
1 rock sugar, 1 inch or 1 tsp sugar
10 cups water
-
-Other Ingredients
-
1/2 lb thinly sliced raw beef sirloin
8 oz dried banh pho noodles
1 thinly sliced onion, soaked in water for 20 mins

Directions:
Boil the beef bones together with the beef brisket or rump in a pot of water. After the water comes to the boil, allow it to continue boiling for 3 minutes, then pour away the water and flush the beef bones and the brisket or rump under water, making sure that all the impurities are washed away.
Pour 10 cups of water in over the beef bones and beef brisket or rump, and bring it to the boil again. When the water starts to boil, turn the heat down to the smallest possible flame and allow it to simmer. Remove any scum that rises to the top of the soup.
Crush the ginger with a pestle and mortar, leaving it in one piece. The back of a big knife will do the job just as well. Grill the ginger and onion until they turn slightly brown and smell fragrant.
Add the ginger and onion into the simmering pot of beef stock. Make sure all the scum from the beef has been removed from the stock before you do so. Add the star anise, cloves, cinnamon and peppercorn into the stock. Keep simmering the stock on very low heat.
In a separate pot, boil the noodles for about 5 minutes, until al dante. Remove and rinse with cold water. Be careful not to overcook the noodles because when you ladle in the hot soup the noodles will cook a little bit more.
Continue simmering the soup for about 1 hour.
Remove the beef from the stock.
Allow the soup to keep simmering with the bones for up to 5 hours.
Strain the soup through a fine sieve.
Add the fish sauce, salt and sugar into the stock. Adjust the taste to your liking by varying the amounts of these ingredients.
Slice the beef brisket or rump into thin slices.
In a bowl, put some noodles, slices of the cooked beef brisket or rump, the raw beef sirloin and raw onions on top. Pour the boiling soup into the bowl.

Submitter: 
Mark Farmer
Description: 
This iconic Vietnamese Beef Noodle Soup or Pho Bo is probably one of the most well-known noodles to come from Vietnam. It features succulent medium rare beef slices on top of the pho or noodles, together with some wonderfully fresh veggies and herbs that bring a fresh balance to the tasty and nutritious soup. 

The exact history of these noodles is not certain, as beef is not commonly part of Vietnamese cuisine. Some people believe that it was probably a fusion dish, influenced by the French colonialists. However, the Pho Bo is considered one of Vietnam's sacred national dishes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
