URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62970724/chicken-chow-mein/
Title:
Chicken Chow Mein Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/734611.jpg
Ingredients:
3-4 boneless skinnless chicken 1/2 breasts cut in bite size pieces.
3-4 T corn starch
vegetable oil
1 12-oz. package of Chinese Chow-Mein noodles (dried wheat noodles) found in ethnic section
1/2 med sized cabbage, shredded
1/2 cup thinly sliced celery
1/2 cup shredded carrot
garlic salt
black pepper
cayenne pepper
Sauce:
Mix together,
1/3 cup your favorite prepared stir-fry sauce (ie: Panda Express sauces)found in ethnic section.
4 T rice vinegar
1 t sesame oil
4 T water

Directions:
Heat a large pot of water to boiling.  Add the noodles and cook according to the package directions, rinse under cold water and drain well.  Mix in a little oil to prevent them from sticking.
Season the chicken with garlic salt, black pepper and cayenne pepper (use cayenne sparingly).  Add the cornstarch and mix until coated, it's ok if it sticks together.  Set aside.
Pour enough oil in a large wok or pan to coat the bottom and heat on medium/high heat.  Add the chicken and begin to seperate the clumps with the spatula; continue to fry the chicken until it's lightly browned on all sides and cooked through.
Add the vegetables stirring gently for a few minutes until they begin to soften; remove chicken and vegetables from the pan and set aside.
Wipe out the wok; add enough oil to just cover the bottom and heat on medium.  Fry the noodles in 2 batches until they are slightly golden turning them over once to fry the other side.
Place all the noodles back in the wok; mix in the sauce and coat the noodles well.  Let simmer for about 5 minutes, add seasonings if needed and continue to heat on low until heated through.

Submitter: 
Traci-in-Cali
Description: 
My family loves this chicken chow mein and thinks it's as good as take-out!   Chow mein noodles are boiled then lightly fried and mixed with chicken and vegetables in Asian flavored sauce.  It makes a complete delicous meal.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
1+ h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
