URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62971076/chicken-lo-mein/
Title:
Chicken Lo Mein Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon cornstarch
1 tablespoon fresh ginger, grated
2 teaspoons minced garlic
1/4 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce
2 tablespoons sherry or chicken broth
1 1/2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts, thinly sliced
1 teaspoon reduced-sodium chicken bouillon granules
1/2 cup hot water
6 ounces uncooked linguine
1/2 pound medium fresh mushrooms, sliced
1/4 pound fresh snow peas
1 large sweet red pepper, julienned
2 green onions, cut into 2 inch pieces
2 tablespoons canola oil, divided
2 teaspoons sesame oil

Directions:
In a large bowl, combine the cornstarch, ginger, soy sauce and sherry or broth until smooth. Add chicken and stir to coat; set aside. In a small bowl, dissolve bouillon granules in hot water; set aside. Cook linguine according to package directions.
In a large nonstick skillet or wok, stir-fry mushrooms, snow peas,chopped bok choy, sliced water chestnuts, red pepper, garlic,and green onions in 1 tablespoon canola oil for 3-5 minutes or until crisp-tender. Remove with a slotted spoon and set aside. In the same skillet, stir-fry chicken mixture in remaining canola oil for 2-3 minutes or until chicken is no longer pink. Stir in dissolved bouillon. Bring to a boil; cook and stir for 1-2 minutes or until thickened. Return vegetables to skillet. Drain linguine; add sesame oil and linguine to skillet. Toss to coat. Cook 1-2 minutes longer or until heated through.

Submitter: 
Creative Caterer
Description: 
Jennifer Suster of Chicago, Illinois says, 'This lo mein recipe is a low-calorie eye-appealing dish that is very quick to make.' With soy sauce, sherry, ginger and sesame oil, as well as red pepper and snow peas, it's as flavorful as it is colorful.Modified from: Chicken Lo Mein
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
