URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62977804/pyrophyperogies/
Title:
Pyrophy[Perogies] Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/737660.jpg
Ingredients:
DOUGH: 1 large container of plain yogurt
1 tsp.salt
1 tsp.baking powder
4 1/2-5 cups flour
POTATO & CHEDDAR FILLING:
14 medium potatoes
1 cup finely chopped onion
1/3 cup margarine
2 cups mild cheddar,shredded
1/2 tsp.salt
1/2 tsp.pepper
SAUERKRAUT FILLING:
1 jar sauerkraut,strained
1/2 cup chopped onion
1/4 cup lard
1/2 tsp.pepper
Will have to triple this for the above dough
recipe.
POTATO & COTTAGE CHEESE FILLING with cream sauce
4 cups dry cottage cheese
8 medium potatoes
4 green onions,finey chopped
3 Tbsp.fresh dill,finely chopped
1/2 tsp.salt
1/2 tsp.pepper
Cream sauce:
1 Tbsp.margarine
2 green onions,finely chopped
2 cups whipping cream
2 Tbsp. finely chopped dill
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Dough-mix all ingredients together to make a nice soft dough.Let rest for 1 hour in plastic bowl with a lid.
Potatoe & cheddar filling-boil potatoes and strain.Add chopped onion to margarine and melt in microwave for 3 minutes.Pour over cooked potatoes with cheddar cheese put top back on pot and let cheese melt.Add salt and pepper.Mash well,until smooth.
Sauerkraut filling-strain sauerkraut well.Can be rinsed if a less sour taste is wanted.Chop sauerkraut into smaller pieces.Melt lard and fry sauerkraut with the onion untill it just starts to brown.Add pepper.
Potato & cottage cheese filling-boil potatoes,drain well and dry cottage cheese,mash well.Add green onion and dill,mix well.
TO PREPARE PEROGIES:
Roll dough in small amounts.Use a small round cookie cutter.Use about a Tablespoon of any of the above fillings.Add filling to the middle and fold over and pinch well all along the half circle.
Bring a large pasta pot with a strainer to a full boil.Add about 1/4 cup of oil to the water.Boil perogies in batches for 5 minutes or untill they float to the top.Remove strainer and run under cold water for a few seconds,pour into a large deep baking pan that has 5-6 TBSP.oil and 3-4 TBSP.margarine.
Serve with sourcream,onions and butter or fried bacon bits.
Cream sauce-melt margarine.Add green onion,cook untill soft.Pour in cream,salt, pepper and dill, let simmer until thickened.

Submitter: 
koko
Description: 
Making perogies take awhile but nothing beats homemade.My BABA made these all day playing her favorite music and singing along.
There are many kinds of this dumpling dish.
Below are three of them.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
4 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
100
Nutritional Facts:
NA
