URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62970619/sweet-potato-and-black-bean-enchiladas/
Title:
Sweet Potato and Black Bean Enchiladas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
**Quickie Green Chile Sauce
1 cup low sodium vegetable broth
1 tablespoon arrowroot starch dissolved in a little cold water
1 generous cup chopped roasted green chiles, hot or mild
2 to 3 cloves garlic, minced
1 teaspoon cumin or chili powder, hot or mild, to taste
**Enchilada Filling
1 (15-ounce) can organic black beans, rinsed, drained
4 cloves garlic, minced
Fresh lime juice from 1 big juicy lime
2 heaping cups cooked diced sweet potatoes
1/2 cup chopped roasted mild green chiles
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin
1/2 teaspoon chili powder mild or spicy
Sea salt and black pepper to taste
2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro
**Assembly
2 to 4 tablespoons green chile sauce
8 Ezekiel white or yellow corn tortillas

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350°F. Choose a baking dish that would hold 8 rolled enchiladas. Make Quickie Green Chile Sauce by combining the broth, dissolved arrowroot, green chiles, garlic and spices in a sauce pan and heating over medium-high heat. Bring to a high simmer. Simmer until thickened. Taste test and adjust seasonings. Set aside.
Enchilada Filling: using a mixing bowl, combine the drained black beans with minced garlic and lime juice. Toss to coat the beans and set aside. In a separate bowl combine the cooked sweet potatoes with the chopped green chiles; add the spices. Season with sea salt and pepper.
Pour about 1/4 cup of the Quickie Green Chile Sauce into the bottom of the baking dish.
To assemble the enchiladas, grab a skillet and heat a splash of green chile sauce, dip each tortilla in the sauce to soften before stuffing and rolling.
Lay the first hot tortilla in the sauced baking dish; wet it with the sauce. Spoon 1/8 of the sweet potato mixture down the center. Top with 1/8 of the black beans. Wrap and roll the tortilla to the end of the baking dish. Repeat for the remaining tortillas. Top with the rest of the sauce.  Bake for 25 minutes.

Submitter: 
Susie
Description: 
Whole foods recipe
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
