URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62978941/honey-garlic-chicken-fried-pork-chops/
Title:
Honey Garlic Chicken Fried Pork Chops Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/738287.jpg
Ingredients:
6 center loin pork chops, well trimmed
1 cup flour
2 tsp salt
2 tsp black pepper
1½ tbsp ground ginger
1 tbsp ground nutmeg
1 tsp ground thyme
1 tsp ground sage
1 tbsp paprika
½ tsp cayenne pepper
2 eggs
4 tbsp water
Honey Garlic Sauce
2 tbsp olive oil
3 – 4 cloves minced garlic
1 cup honey
¼ cup soy sauce
1 tsp ground black pepper

Directions:
Sift together flour, salt, pepper, ginger, nutmeg, thyme, sage, paprika, and cayenne pepper.
Make an egg wash by whisking together eggs and water.
Season the pork chops with salt and pepper.
Dip the chops in flour/spice mixture.
Dip in egg mixture.
Dip into egg wash again.
Dig a final time into flour/mixture pressing the mixture into the chop to get good contact.
Heat a skillet on the stove with about a half inch of canola oil covering the bottom. You will want to carefully regulate the temperature here so that the chops do not brown too quickly on the outside before they are fully cooked on the inside. I find just below medium heat works well. I use a burner setting of about 4½ out of 10 on the dial and fry them gently for about 4 or 5 minutes per side until golden brown and crispy.
Drain on a wire rack for a couple of minutes before dipping the cooked chops into the Honey Garlic Sauce. Serve with noodles or rice.
Honey Garlic Sauce:
Mix together olive oil and minced garlic.  Cook over medium heat to soften the garlic. DON'T let it brown.  Add honey, soy sauce, pepper; simmer 5-10 minutes.  Remove from heat and allow to cool for a few minutes.
Watch this carefully as it simmers because it can foam up over the pot.

Submitter: 
KramerGirls
Description: 
Recipe posted on RockRecipes Blog. Picture courtesy of that blog.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
