URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62978703/holiday-in-the-bark/
Title:
Holiday in the Bark Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 8.5 oz. packages of Andes mints, broke in two
1 c. (or more, to your taste) Cocoa Krispies cereal
24 oz. Almond Bark, vanilla flavor (it comes in chocolate, too)
1 tsp. peppermint extract (or less, to your liking)
5 drops green food coloring, optional.
4-6 candy canes, crushed into small bits.

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325 degrees.
Line a jelly roll pan with parchment paper.
Arrange the Andes mints on the jelly roll pan in a single layer and in a somewhat square shape.
Place in oven to melt 3-5 minutes.
Remove pan from oven and swirl/smooth the melted mints out so that there are no 'holes'.
Sprinkle the Cocoa Krispies generously over the melted mints. Press cereal gently into melted mints with the backside of a tablespoon.
Refrigerate...I very carefully slip the parchment paper holding the chocolate OFF the pan and INTO my fridge.
While your melted mints harden for about 10-15 minutes, get on with melting your Almond Bark.
Break up the Bark into easier to manage chunks.
Over LOW heat in a medium size sauce pan, slowly melt the almond bark. Stirring frequently. Careful not to scorch it.
When it is almost completely smooth in texture, add the peppermint extract. Stir.
Add the green food coloring and stir.(Optional, if it's not your thing.)
Remove sauce pan from heat when the bark is completely smooth in texture.
Place the now hardened Andes mints, complete with parchment paper, back on jelly roll pan and pour the melted Almond Bark over top of the chocolate.
Using the back of a large spoon to smooth it out evenly.
Completely cover the chocolate.
Sprinkle generous amounts of the broken bits of candy cane over top of the Almond Bark.
Press candy bits gently into the bark with the back of a large spoon.
Return everything to the fridge to harden well before breaking it up into chunks.

Submitter: 
1gdcowgrl gone
Description: 
My version of a popular treat. Anytime you can eat dry cereal is a good time in my book, LOL!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min.
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
