URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62970158/brownie-silk-cheese-cake/
Title:
Brownie Silk Cheese Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
CRUST:
20 oreo cookies, separated and finely ground
1/3 cup butter, melted
FILLING:
20 oreo creme centers
1-8oz. cream cheese
1 tsp vanilla
1 cup sour cream
1 cup smooth peanut butter
3/4 cup nutella
2 eggs
1/4 cup brown sugar
2 Tbs flour
GARNISH:
Whipped Cream Spray or
1 Carton heavy whipping cream
1-2 tsp vanilla (to taste)
sugar to taste

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
2. In mixer combine filling ingredients in order listed allowing them to combine completely before adding next ingredient. Continuously mix filling mixture until all ingredients are completely combined and texture resembles a creamy ribbon when beater pulled out of bowl. (I let the mixer continue mixing while I prepared the crust)
3. Place Oreo cookies in a food processor and chop up until cookies are a fine grind..about as coarse as coffee grounds..add melted butter and cookie crumbs together and press into a 9 inch springform pan that has been wrapped in 2 layers of tin foil (I ripped 2 pieces, placed the pan on top of them and wrapped up the sides of the pan).
4. Pour filling evenly on top of cookie crust and bake at 350 degrees for 1 hour. Center of cake appeared slightly firm.
5. Cool cake on wire rack and refridgerate overnight....or for quick eating ;) cool on a wire rack for 20 minutes the put in the freezer for 1 hour; serve with whipped topping of preference.

Submitter: 
Krista Miller
Description: 
Was grumbling about having some leftover Nutella in our cupboard and had the drive to make a desert. So after searching everywhere and not finding a cheesecake that really WOW-ed me so I took a blind leap and attempted to build my own cheesecake recipie. All said and done this turned out to be one of the best cheescakes I've had or made in a very long while only rival to a raspberry truffle one my mom and I make. Reminds me of a rich and lushiously creamy brownie that according to my fam is very VERY tasty...hope you all enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30-45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
