URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62979119/mamaws-slow-cooker-cornbread-dressing/
Title:
Mamaw's Slow Cooker Cornbread Dressing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
1/2 to 1 pound sausage with sage  (use 1 pound when doubling the recipe)
1 (16 oz) package dry corn bread mix
6-8 slices of day-old or slightly toasted bread, torn into small pieces
4 Tlbs. margarine
1/2 cup chopped onions
1/2 cup chopped bell pepper
1/2 cup chopped celery
1 can condensed cream of chicken soup
1/8 tsp. garlic powder
2 tsp. poultry seasoning
1/2 tsp. ground black pepper
6 eggs
3/4 cup chopped apple (optional - Gala apples are perfect)
chicken broth reserved

Directions:
Place the chicken breast halves in a large saucepan with enough water to cover.  Bring to boil.  Cook 1 hour, or until the meat is tender and easily shredded.  Shred Chicken and set aside.  Reserve 4-6 cups of the remaining broth.
Prepare an 8x8 inch pan of cornbread according to package directions.  Crumble the cornbread into large bowl.  Mix in the bread.
Preheat Oven to 350 degrees.
In a medium saucepan over medium heat, melt the margarine and stir in the onions, peppers and celery.  Add sausage and brown with onion mixture.  Slowly cook, stirring occasionally, until tender.
Stir the onion mixture into the bread mixture.  Mix in the chicken, 4 cups reserved broth, cream of chicken soup, garlic powder, poultry seasoning, pepper and eggs.  Blend with a potato masher until the mixture is the consistency of gelatin.  Use more of the reserved broth as necessary to attain desired consistency.
Spoon into slow cooker (large 6 quart), cook on high for 4-5 hours depending on your crockpot.  Stir occasionally,  add broth as need to keep desired consistency and moisture level.
Alternative:  Spoon into baking dish, cover with foil and bake at 350 for 1 hour.  Stirring occasionally.  Take the foil off the last 10 minutes to lightly brown the top.

Submitter: 
Angela Naumann
Description: 
This is my Grandma Beard's Cornbread Dressing recipe.  It is a southern version of cornbread dressing that can serve as a meal in itself.  It can be moist or dry depending on personal preference.  I have altered it only to allow for cooking it in a slow cooker to help save precious oven space on big family holidays.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h 30 min.
Ready in:
5 h and 30 min.
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
