URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62972565/orange-dreamsicle-cupcakes/
Title:
Orange Dreamsicle Cupcakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/735322.jpg
Ingredients:
Orange Cake:
1 package (18.25 ounces) plain orange cake mix
3/4 cup Miracle Whip salad dressing
1 package/envelope (1.3 ounces) whipped topping mix (Dream Whip)
3/4 cup orange juice
3 large eggs
2 tablespoons freshly grated orange zest
Cream topping:
13 oz marshmallow cream
½ cup unsalted butter, at room temperature
½ cup all vegetable shortening
Orange Buttercream:
½ cup unsalted butter, at room temperature
½ cup all vegetable shortening
1/4 cup orange juice, freshly squeezed (from oranges zested in the recipe)
Zest of 1 orange
1/4 tsp vanilla extract
4 cups powdered sugar, sifted
2-3 large drops of orange colored gel paste

Directions:
For the cake:
1. Place the rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place liners in two muffin pans (24 cupcakes). Set the pan aside.
2. Place the cake mix, salad dressing, whipped topping mix, orange juice, eggs, and orange zest in a large mixing bowl. Blend with an electric mixer on low speed for 1 minute. Stop the machine and scrape the sides of the bowl with the rubber spatula. Increase the mixer speed to medium and beat 2 minutes more, scraping the sides down again if needed. The batter should look well blended and thick. Pour or scoop the batter into the prepared cupcake pan. Place the pan in the oven.
3. Bake for 15 minutes and check for doneness. Bake a few minutes longer, if needed. Remove the pan from the oven and place it on a wire rack to cool for 15 minutes. Remove the cupcakes from the pan to a cooling rack. Allow the cake to cool completely.
4. Meanwhile, prepare the cream topping and frosting.
For the cream topping:
Add marshmallow cream, butter and shortening to a mixing bowl.  With an electric mixer, beat on medium speed until smooth and creamy.  Pipe or spread a flat, one-layer circle onto each cupcake.
For the orange buttercream:
Beat butter and shortening on medium speed until light and fluffy.  Add orange juice, zest, and vanilla and mix until well combined.  Gradually add powdered sugar, mixing until incorporated to reach desired consistency.  Mix on medium high speed until smooth and creamy.  Fill a piping bag fitted with desired tip and pipe onto cupcakes on top of the cream filling.

Submitter: 
MrsFisher0729
Description: 
These cupcakes blend two of my favorite flavors: orange and vanilla! Reminiscent of a childhood ice cream treat, these cupcakes will make you feel like a kid again!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
