URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62977261/european-peasant-bread---artisan-bread/
Title:
European Peasant Bread - Artisan Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/737428.jpg
Ingredients:
3 Cups Of lukewarm water (bottled)
1 1/2 tablespoons of granulated yeast (2 packets)
1 1/2 tablespoons of kosher salt
1/2 cup of rye flour
1/2 cup of whole wheat flour
5 1/2 cups of unbleached all-purpose flour
1 oz of cornmeal (for bottom of bread)

Directions:
Mix the yeast, salt and water (if you use bottled water you can heat it in a microwave for about 1 min, or a sauce pan on the stove, the water must be warm to the touch around 100F, but no higher than 110F) in a 5-quart bowl. Add the rye, whole wheat and all-purpose flours and mix without kneading using a stand mixer fitted with a dough hook attachment. when making this loaf I actually mixed and kneaded by hand.
Lightly cover the dough and rest it at room temperature until the dough rises and collapses, about 2 hours. Refrigerate the dough and use over the next 14 days. You can use the dough immediately if you wish but it maybe easier to use when it is cold.
When ready to bake, dust the surface of the dough with whole wheat flour and cut off a 1-pound piece. Dust with more whole wheat flour and shape it into a ball by stretching the outer layers to the bottom, rotating the dough until smooth on all sides. Rest the dough on cornmeal covered parchment paper or pizza peel for 40 minutes. If your using refrigerated dough you need to let it raise for about 1 hour and 40 mins.
Set a baking or pizza stone in the center of the oven and preheat it to 450°F 20 minutes before baking. Also, place an empty broiler tray on a different oven rack.
Sprinkle the dough with whole wheat flour and use a serrated knife to cut slits or “scallops” across the top. If using a Pizza peel slide the dough onto the baking stone. If using parchment paper just pick it up and put it on the oven\pizza stone. Pour 2 cup of boiling hot water into the broiler tray.
Bake for about 10 mins then remove the parchment paper.
Bake until the crust is browned and firm, about 35 minutes.

Submitter: 
Mark Farmer
Description: 
There is nothing like a good slice of peasant bread with your meal. much better than the store bought loafs. When I think about this simple to make bread I think of the times back during the knights in armor, and roman times.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
120
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
