URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62977700/orange-pineapple-beek/
Title:
Orange Pineapple Beek Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Ingredients
Vegetable oil cooking spray
3 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 (4 to 5-pound) beef tenderloin, trimmed
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
Sauce:
1 (20-ounce) can pineapple chunks in heavy syrup
1 cup orange juice
1/4 cup fresh lemon juice (from 1 large lemon)
1/4 cup low-sodium soy sauce
3 tablespoons sugar
1 tablespoon arrowroot
3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped
1 (1-inch) piece fresh ginger, peeled and coarsely chopped
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning
Garnish: orange slices, optional

Directions:
Put an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a heavy baking sheet with vegetable oil cooking spray. Set aside.
In a large skillet, heat the oil over high heat. Season the beef with salt and pepper and brown on all sides, for about 5 minutes. Transfer the beef to the prepared baking sheet and roast until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the meat registers 125 degrees F for medium-rare, about 40 to 45 minutes. Remove the beef from the oven to a cutting board. Cover the meat loosely with foil and let rest for 20 minutes.
Sauce: In a blender, combine the pineapple chunks and syrup, the orange juice, lemon juice, soy sauce, sugar, arrowroot, garlic, ginger, and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Blend until smooth. Heat the same skillet used for the beef over medium-high heat. Add the sauce and scrape up the brown bits that cling to the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Simmer until the sauce thickens, about 5 minutes Season with salt, to taste.
Cutting across the grain, slice the meat into 1/4-inch thick slices and arrange on a platter. Garnish with orange slices, if using. Pour the sauce into a serving bowl and serve alongside the beef.

Submitter: 
debbiel
Description: 
Recipe courtesy Giada De Laurentiis
Show: Giada at HomeEpisode: De Laurentiis Family Dinner
Recipe categories: Fruit, Pineapples, Oranges, Meat, Beef,
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
