URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62980741/delicious-pasta-with-clams-in-spicy-red-pepper-and-tomato-sauce/
Title:
Delicious Pasta with Clams in Spicy Red Pepper and Tomato Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
- 1 lb of thin pasta (Italian Capellini is best, but angel hair can also be used.  Thin pasta does make a difference in this recipe, as you want it to absorb the sauce perfectly)
- 18 oz canned chopped clams with juice (three 6.5 oz cans of the Snow's chopped clams for example)
- 20 oz roast red pepper and tomato soup (Pacific Natural Foods Organic for example is ideal, but can use any roasted red pepper soup)
- 12 oz classic tomato basil pasta sauce
- 8 oz white or cremini mushrooms
- 1 small red onion, chopped finely
- 4 garlic cloves, minced
- Paprika (optional)
- Your favorite hot sauce to taste (optional)

Directions:
Bring a large pot of salted water to boil, enough to cook 1 lb of thin pasta.
In a medium skillet, add 1 tbsp of olive oil.
Saute the red onion with the minced garlic, take care not to burn the garlic.
Add the mushrooms to the skillet and saute until the onion is translucent and mushrooms soft.  Then add the clams with 1/2 of the juice from the can.
Add the tomato basil pasta sauce, scrape down the rest of the skillet and mix well, heat through.
Next add the roasted red pepper and tomato soup.  Depending on the thickness of the soup, you may need to dilute with a bit of pasta / chicken stock, or turn up the heat to thicken.  The consistency of the sauce should be thick but not runny.  Season the mixture with salt, pepper, paprika and hot sauce to taste.
Add the pasta to the boiling water and cook to slightly less than al dente.
To finish, take the cooked pasta and drain well, add directly to the skillet and cook through with the sauce, mix well.  The pasta should be al dente at this point after cooking in the sauce for an additional 1-2 min.
Plate and eat immediately while it's hot!

Submitter: 
Wei Zheng
Description: 
This recipe really started out as a college favorite of my own, and over the years I have made changes to perfect it.  It is now a friends and family favorite, everyone has asked for the recipe so here it is!  It is super easy to prepare and takes less than 30 minutes, making it a perfect weeknight meal.  The secret ingredient is the roasted red pepper soup in the sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 min
Ready in:
30 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
