URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62988823/the-perfect-turkey/
Title:
The Perfect Turkey Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/742622.jpg
Ingredients:
INGREDIENTS:
1 Turkey
SEASON SALT RUB:
1 tbsp black pepper
2 tbsp kosher salt
1 tbsp poultry seasoning (fresh, not from 1997)
ROASTING VEGETABLES for Roasting & Stuffing the Turkey for added flavor (Stuffing is made separately outside the bird):
2 onions thickly sliced in chunks
3 ribs celery thickly sliced in chunks
2 carrots thickly sliced in chunks
3 fresh rosemary sprigs
1/2 bunch fresh sage
GRAVY STOCK:
1 bay leaf
Contents of Turkey Package: Neck, Heart & Gizzard but not the liver.
1 stick butter, or a Butter Compound Recipe

Directions:
1. Prepare the stock for the turkey gravy. Take the package that comes in the turkey; Neck, heart & gizard but not the liver. Place in a stock pot with 6 cups of water & 1 bay leaf. Simmer for a couple of hours while the turkey is roasting.
2. Avoid burnt wing tips by folding the wing tip under the turkey.
3. Liberally season the inside of the turkey with the salt rub & stuff the turkey with a handful of the roasting vegetables. Tie the legs together with cooking floss.
4. Insert the butter or butter compound under the skin of the turkey. You can start by using your fingers to separate the skin but continue the process by using a long, thin silicon spatula. Slowly slide the tool between the skin & the flesh of the breasts on both side of the breastbone. The skin is fairly tough and won't tear if you go slowly and carefully. You can pretty much separate the skin all the way from the cavity, to the front of the breast & down toward the wing joint. Do this on both sides but leave the skin attached along the center of breastbone itself.
5. Then divide the butter mixture in half & stuff it under the skin on both sides & massage it down toward the front of the bird. Spread as evenly as possible but don't worry about getting it perfect. It will melt & spread out as the turkey roasts.
6. Smear the remaining butter compound all over the top & sides of the bird. Sprinkle the remaining rub as well.
7. Place the remaining roasting vegetables on the bottom of the pan & cover with 1/2" of water. Cover the top of the bird with foil for the first half of roasting.
8. Roast the bird 15-18 min per lb. Closer to 15 minutes is realistic but ck the thermometer. If the bird is getting too brown towards the end, recover with foil.
9. When done, remove from oven and cover with f

Submitter: 
Tricia McTamaney
Description: 
The biggest myth in all of American cookery is the belief that a juicy, perfectly cooked turkey is difficult for the novice cook to achieve. This video recipe for how to cook a turkey will show a very easy method for producing a moist, delicious, and beautiful turkey every time.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
