URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62988864/ultimate-sausage-and-bacon-stuffing/
Title:
Ultimate Sausage and Bacon Stuffing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound mild pork sausage
1 pound hickory smoked bacon-diced
2 cups diced onion
2 cups diced celery
2 tablespoons minced fresh sage
2 tablespoons minced garlic
1/4 teaspoon pepper
3 cups chicken broth
1 tablespoon chicken base
2 large eggs
1/2 cup fresh parsley-minced
2 bags fresh bread cubes

Directions:
1.  Preheat oven to 375 degrees.  Combine the sausage and sage in a large skillet over medium high heat.  Cook until the sausage is browned, stirring occasionally.  Pour into a strainer to drain the excess fat.  Return the skillet to the heat, leaving the sausage to drain.
2.  Add the bacon to the skillet and reduce heat to medium.  Cook until browned and crispy, stirring occasionally.  Using a slotted spoon, remove the bacon from the skillet and add to the sausage you have set aside.  Leave the bacon fat in the skillet, and return to the heat.
3.  Add the onion, celery, garlic, and pepper to the skillet, and reduce the heat to medium low.  Cook the vegetable mixture, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes or until the onion and celery are softened and translucent.  Add the chicken broth and chicken base to the skillet, and stir to incorporate.  Turn off the heat.
4.  In a small bowl, beat together the eggs and parsley.
5.  Empty the bread cubes into an extra large mixing bowl.  Add the sausage, bacon, egg mixture, and vegetable/broth mixture to the mixing bowl.  Stir until well incorporated.
6.  Grease a 9"x13" casserole dish.  Spoon the stuffing into the casserole dish and cover with aluminum foil.  Bake for 35 minutes, remove the foil, and cook for an additional 30 minutes.

Submitter: 
JRS_cook
Description: 
This is the perfect accompaniment to a Thanksgiving turkey!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
