URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62980928/country-ham-and-potato-soup/
Title:
Country Ham and Potato Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups peeled and diced potatoes
2T diced celery
3T finely chopped onion
1/3 cup diced cooked ham
1½  cups water
1 chicken bouillon cube or 1T chicken bouillon granules
½ tsp freshly ground black pepper, about 2 twists of the grinder
2½ T butter
2½ T flour
1 cup milk, I use whole milk
Shredded cheddar cheese to top the individual servings, optional
Triscuit crackers for the diners to top their servings with. The Rosemary flavored Triscuit crackers are great for this soup.

Directions:
Sauté the onions and celery in 1 tsp butter in a 2 Qt saucepot over low heat till the onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the potatoes, ham and water. Bring to a boil then cook over medium-low heat, covered, until potatoes are tender, about 15 minutes. Stir in the chicken bouillon and pepper. Remove from the heat and keep it covered
In a separate saucepan, melt butter over low heat. Whisk in flour with a fork, and cook, stirring constantly until thick over medium heat, about 1 minute. Slowly stir in milk a little at a time so that lumps form until all of the milk has been added. Continue stirring over medium-low heat until thick, 4 to 5 minutes.
Stir the milk mixture into the stockpot, and heat the soup until heated through. Stir in another twist or two of the pepper grinder.
Offer shredded cheddar cheese and Original Triscuit crackers for the diners to top their servings with.
Serve with warmed crusty bread or grilled cheese sandwiches. Keep the soup warm in the meantime.
Beverage suggestions: Dark beer such as Warsteiner Premium Dunkel or your favorite dry white wine.

Submitter: 
Dale
Description: 
A remake of the Delicious Ham & Potato with many changes to the recipe thus I renamed the title of the soup.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
