URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62987105/yiayias-spanakopita/
Title:
YiaYia's Spanakopita Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/830965.jpg
Ingredients:
3/4 lb unsalted butter
1/2 cup onion, finely chopped
3 (10 oz.) packages chopped spinach, thawed & very well-drained
1/2 lb feta cheese, crumbled
3 eggs
1/4 cup fresh parsley, chopped
2T fresh dill, chopped
16 sheets Phyllo (Fillo) dough, thawed

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
In a medium skillet, saute the onion in 1/4 cup of butter until the onion is golden brown.  Add the spinach to the skillet for five minutes and then remove from heat.
Beat the eggs in a large bowl.  Then, stir in parsley, dill, feta, and spinach mixture until well-mixed.
Melt the rest of the butter until soft in a small bowl.  Using a pastry brush, butter the bottom and sides of a 9x13 glass baking dish.  Unroll the Phyllo dough on a dry, clean surface and cover it with plastic wrap.  Cover the plastic wrap with a damp kitchen towel.  Do not let the towel touch the dough!  Lay 1 sheet of phyllo dough in prepared baking pan, and brush lightly with butter, plastering the edges of each sheet to the side of the dish with the butter.  Lay another sheet of phyllo dough on top, brush with butter, and repeat process with 6 more sheets of phyllo. The sheets will overlap the pan.
Spread spinach and cheese mixture into pan.  Brush with butter, then layer 8 more sheets of phyllo dough, brushing each with butter.
Cut the spanakopita into squares, only cutting half way down.  DO NOT cut it completely to the bottom!  Pour 1/3 cup of melted butter over the top of the cut pieces.
Bake in preheated oven for 40-50 minutes, until golden brown, cut to the bottom of the squares, and serve while hot.

Submitter: 
Jacolyn
Description: 
Some of my best memories at YiaYia and Papou's house were formed around the dinner table, where spanakopita was often eaten as a side dish.  Now that they are getting older (and YiaYia no longer remembers the family stories that she so affectionately told), I am doing my best to accumulate her family recipes, so that they are not lost.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
NA
