URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62981333/soy-free-sourdough-apple-and-cranberry-dressing/
Title:
Soy free Sourdough Apple and Cranberry dressing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
12 cups, torn day-old sourdough bread made without any soy ingredients (be sure to check each manufacturer or bakery's nutrition label.
1/4 C butter
8 slices turkey bacon (optional)
2 Cups chopped onions
1 Cup chopped celery
2 large Gala or Fuji apples, peeled, cored & chopped (about 3 cups)
1 1/2 cups dried cranberries
1/2 C chopped fresh parsley
3 tablespoons chopped fresh sage
sea salt and pepper to taste
2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary
1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme
3 large eggs, beaten
1-3/4 to 2 Cups Vegetable stock

Directions:
Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Spread the bread cubes in a thin layer onto two or more baking sheets. Bake in the preheated oven until the bread cubes have dried, but not browned. 5 to 7 minutes. Stir once as the bread bakes. Once toasted, place the bread cubes into a very large mixing bowl and set aside.
Heat a large skillet over medium heat melt butter; add bacon; saute until golden about 8 minutes.  Add onion and celery; saute until crisp-tender, about 5 minutes.  Add apples and dried cranberries and saute about 2 minutes.  Add mixture to bread.  Add herbs.  Season with salt & pepper.  Can be made 1 day in advance to this point.
Preheat over to 425; mix eggs into dressing; add enough broth to moisten to your families preference.  Spoon into baking dish, cover; bake 30 minutes.  Uncover; and stir the stuffing. Return to the oven and continue baking until crispy/ golden brown on top, about 15 minutes more, or to family preference

Submitter: 
empebi
Description: 
This came from several different recipes coming together for a soy & tree nut free holiday dish.  It can become vegetarian if you eliminate the turkey bacon.  It has an old fashioned bread stuffing flavor that everyone enjoys.Modified from: Sausage, Apple, and Cranberry Dressing
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
