URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62990858/leftover-turkey-tamales/
Title:
Leftover Turkey Tamales Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/743796.jpg
Ingredients:
1 5-oz.pkg cornhusks, soaked one hour in warm water
TAMALE DOUGH:
3 cups Masa (corn meal for tamales)
1 Tablespoon paprika
1 Tablespoon chili powder
1 Tablespoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup corn oil
1 quart turkey or chicken broth (reserve ½ cup for filling)
TURKEY FILLING:
3 ½ cups finely chopped/shredded cooked turkey
1 Tablespoon olive oil
1 med onion, finely diced
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 teaspoon paprika
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon chili powder
1 teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon black pepper
¼ teaspoon cayenne pepper (or to taste)
½ cup broth

Directions:
To make dough: Mix dough spices into masa. Blend in corn oil. Add broth one cup at a time and stir until dough becomes smooth. (It will be the consistency of thick peanut butter.)
To make filling: Cook onion and garlic in 1T olive oil until soft and translucent. Remove pan from heat. Add turkey and filling spices. Moisten with ½ cup broth. Mix well.
To assemble tamales: Spread a heaping tablespoon of dough in the center of each cornhusk. Add heaping tablespoon of filling. Roll and fold up bottom of husk.  Tie with cornhusk strip or string to secure.
Place a vegetable steamer in a large pot over two cups of water. Stand tamales upright on steamer. Cover and bring to boil.  Reduce heat and steam tamales for one hour. Check occasionally and add water to pot if necessary.
Serve with lime wedges as garnish.

Submitter: 
JOYCE LITOFF
Description: 
These tamales take some time, but are well worth the effort. They are a great way to use up leftover holiday turkey. These are also healthier than many traditional tamale recipes which are made with lard.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
