URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62995130/baked-macaroni-and-cheese-from-grandma/
Title:
Baked Macaroni and Cheese from Grandma Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For every 10 to 16 ozs  pasta (penne or macaroni)
Bechamel sauce: 4 tblsp each of butter and 3 Tblsp flour
1 tsp each dry mustard and salt, 2 tsp fine white pepper
1 cup whole milk
1/2 cup Heavy cream
4 oz processed cheddar cheese(mild cheddar cheese is OK if preferred)cut up into small pieces
1/2 cup sour cream
1/2 cup cream cheese softened
1/2 and 1/4 cup shredded parmesan cheese
1 and 1/2 cup shredded sharp cheddar cheese
2 tblsp melted butter
1/2 cup Panko bread crumbs
Seasoning salt

Directions:
Cook pasta, drain and set a side. Preheat oven to 400 degrees. For Bechamel sauce: on med to low heat in a large sauce pot, melt  butter, whisk in flour, mustard and S & P and whisk until smooth and well blended.
Slowly add milk as you whisk constantly,add cream and whisk until thickened and smooth. While whisking add processed cheese a little at a time and whisk until smooth.
Heat cream cheese and sour cream together in microwave for about 30 seconds whisk together and add to sauce and stir. Slowly add 1/2 cup parmesan and 1 cup sharp cheddar whisking constantly so sauce doesn't burn on bottom. Turn flame to low and spray a 9 x 9 casserole pan with non stick spray and pour in dish, drained pasta. Slowly add sauce to pasta and mix in pan until pasta is evenly covered with sauce. Evenly sprinkle the remaining sharp cheddar cheese and lightly sprinkle seasoning salt on top of pasta. In a small bowl mix remaining melted butter,  parmesan cheese and Panko bread crumbs, together. Evenly sprinkle over top of casserole and bake in oven for about  30 min, or until golden on top. Let cool for about 10 min and then serve.

Submitter: 
NICURN
Description: 
This recipe is based on a baked macaroni and cheese my mom used to make for us as kids. It's changed a little over the years, but, it still evokes comfort, warmth and love whenever it's made. Now, I make it for my family and hope you enjoy it as much as we do.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
