URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62992952/beef-short-ribs/
Title:
Beef Short ribs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Ingredients
Spray shortening, like PAM
6-8 beef short ribs, trimmed of fat
Kosher salt
Freshly ground black pepper
Garlic powder
3-4Tbs good olive oil
1 leek, cleaned and large-diced, white part only OR 1/2 bunch green onions
1 1/2 cups chopped onion (2 onions)
4 cups large-diced celery (6 large stalks)
2 carrots, peeled and large-diced
2 tablespoons to 1-3 oz can of plain tomato paste
1 (750-ml) bottle Cotes du Rhone or other dry red wine
Fresh rosemary sprigs
Fresh thyme sprigs
1 tablespoon brown sugar
6 cups beef stock

Directions:
Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F, MY OVEN 425 F. Spray sheet pan and Dutch Oven or roasting pan.
Place the short ribs on a sheet pan, sprinkle with salt and pepper and garlic powder on all sides, and roast for 15 minutes. Remove from the oven, cover. Reduce the oven temperature to 300 degrees F.
Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large Dutch oven and add the fennel, leek or green onions, onion, celery and carrots and cook over medium-low heat on stove for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. If you have a roasting pan, cook over 2 burner.  Add the tomato paste and wine, bring to a boil and cook over high heat until the liquid is reduced by half, about 10 minutes.  Tie the rosemary and thyme together with kitchen twine and add to the pot.
Place the roasted ribs on top of the vegetables in the Dutch oven and add the brown sugar and beef stock. Bring to a simmer over high heat. Cover the Dutch oven and bake for 2 hours or until the meat is very tender.
Carefully remove the short ribs from the pot, cover and set aside. Discard the herbs and skim the excess fat. Put the ribs back into the pot and heat through. Serve with the vegetables and sauce.

Submitter: 
Joyce Janezic Gagnon
Description: 
From Barefoot Contessa, 2010
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
3 hrs
Ready in:
5 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
