URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62993157/ciabatta-bread---part-1/
Title:
Ciabatta Bread - Part 1 Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/744849.jpg
Ingredients:
3 1/4 cups poolish (See Notes)
3 cups unbleached bread flour
1 3/4 tsp salt
1 1/2 tsp instant yeast
6 tbsp to 3/4 cup water, lukewarm (90-100 F)
Semolina flour or cornmeal for dusting

Directions:
Remove the poolish from the refrigerator 1 hour before making the dough to take off the chill.
To make the dough, stir together the flour, salt, and yeast in a 4-quart mixing bowl.  Ad the poolish and 6 tbsp of the water.  With a large metal spoon, or on low speed with the paddle attachment, mix until the ingredients form a sticky ball.  If there is still some loose flour, add the additional water as needed and continue to mix.  Mix on medium speed with the paddle attachment for 5 to 7 minutes, or as long as it takes to create a smooth, sticky dough.  Switch to the dough hood for the final 2 minutes of mixing.  The dough should clear the sides of the bowl but stick to the bottom of the bowl.  You may need to add additional flour to firm up the dough enough to clear the sides of the bowl, but the dough should still be quite soft and sticky.
Sprinkle enough flour on the counter to make a bed about 8 inches square.  Using a bowl scraper or spatula dipped in water, transfer the sticky dough to the bed of flour and proceed with the stretch-and-fold method. (Dust the top of the dough with flour, patting the dough into a rectangle.  Wait 2 minutes for the dough to relax.  Coat your hands with flour and lift the dough from each end, stretching it to twice its size.  Fold the dough over itself, letter style, to return it to a rectangular shape.)  Mist the top of the dough with spray oil, dust with flour, and loosely cover with plastic wrap.
Let rest for 30 minutes.  Stretch and fold the dough again; mist with spray oil, dust with flour, and cover.  Allow the covered dough to ferment on the counter for 1 1/2 to 2 hours.  It should swell but not necessarily double in size.

Submitter: 
Mark Farmer
Description: 
Ciabatta (Italian pronunciation: [t?a'ba:ta], literally slipper bread) is an Italian white bread made with wheat flour and yeast. The loaf is somewhat elongated, broad and flattish. There are many variations of ciabatta. Ciabatta was first produced in Liguria, although at least one type of ciabatta can be found in nearly every region of Italy nowadays.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
3 d
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
