URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62996890/better-bean-casserole/
Title:
Better Bean Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/746670.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 pounds fresh green beans, trimmed and cut into 2-inch pieces
6 Tbsp butter, divided
1 cup onion, finely chopped
5 cups fresh cremini or button mushrooms, chopped
1 tsp. coarse salt, divided
1/2 tsp. ground pepper, divided
1/4 cup flour
2 cups milk
1/8 tsp. cayenne pepper
1/2 grated parmesan
1/4 cup bread crumbs

Directions:
Bring a large saucepan of water to a boil.  Boil green beens until they're bright green and just tender, about 4-5 minutes.  Drain and rinse the beans well under running cold water, drain again, then transfer to a large bowl.
Melt 2 Tbsp. butter in a large skillet over medium heat.  Add the onion and mushrooms and saute, stirring often, until soft and most of the liquid is gone, about 12 minutes.  Season the mixture with 1/2 tsp. of the salt and 1/4 tsp of the pepper, then set it aside to cool, about 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, melt the remaining butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat.  Stir in the flour and cook, still stirring for 2 minutes.  Whisk in the milk and continue cooking and whisking until the mixture has thickened, about 3 minutes.  Stir in the cayenne, and the remaining salt and pepper.  Remove the sauce from the heat and let it cool to room temperature, about 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.  Add the mushrooms and onion to the beans and stir together.  When the sauce has cooled, pour it over the vegetables and stir/
Heat the oven to 400F.  Greas a 9x13 baking pan.  Spread the green bean mixture in the prepared dish.  Combine the Parmesan and bread crumbs and sprinkle it over the casserole (if you are transporting the dish, see note, below).  Cover it with foil.
Bake the casserole, covered, until it is heated through, 15 to 20 minutes.  Uncover, and bake until the top is golden brown, about 10 minutes more.

Submitter: 
scarlett
Description: 
This new take on the old classic has freshness that's worth the extra effort!  ~From Family Fun Magazine.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
