URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62994902/sauteed-garlic-scallops-in-caper-lemon-alfredo/
Title:
Sauteed garlic scallops in caper-lemon alfredo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 - 1.5 lb Scallops
5 cloves garlic (2 pasted, 3 diced/sliced)
1/2 medium onion diced
1 C. Cream
3 T Unsalted butter
3 T light flavored oil (I use grape seed oil)
1/8 C. Good Parmesan or Romano cheese
2 T Capers
1 lemon zested and juiced
1/2 C deglazing liquid (I used half water, half dry white wine)
salt and pepper to taste
Enough parsley to garnish.

Directions:
Wash scallops and thoroughly dry on paper towel.
Season scallops with 2 cloves of smashed garlic and salt.
Heat pan to scorching hot, drop in table spoon of butter and a little oil (to increase smoking point).
*Hint: cook in batches.
Cook until just cooked through (firmness should be close to what the side of your nose feels like). Be careful, with carry-over heat too, as they will continue to cook for another minute after you take them off.
After they are done cooking, remove from pan and set aside.
While pan is still hot, put in deglazing liquid (I used half water, half dry white wine...but you could just use water, or even some chicken stock) and scrape all the good bits off the bottom (you can skip this step if you are using non-stick pans, as you won't have these bits on the bottom of your pan). Just, set it aside for later.
In separate pan, lightly salt and saute the onions for a minute, and then add remaining garlic.  Cook until lightly caramelized.
Grab the orginal pan, dump garlic and onion into deglazing liquid, and put on low heat.
Add remaining butter and cream and heat until it just starts to bubble.
Add cooked scallops, and capers...let it warm back up for another 30 seconds or so.
I served this alfredo over linguine.
After it is plated, put on cheese and sprinkle with parsley.
And you're done!

Submitter: 
MattyHam
Description: 
Just came up with this one tonight. I made it for my wife, and now she just can't stop raving about it.  She liked it so much, she wanted me to write it down for all eternity.  ....hmm, I think I do all the work around here. ha!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
30
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
