URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62998639/flaky-creme-filled-cookies/
Title:
Flaky Creme-Filled Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/747401.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups all-purpose flour
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup cold butter, cubed
1 package (8 ounces) cream cheese, cubed
2/3 cup marshmallow creme
2/3 cup butter, softened
1-1/3 cups confectioners' sugar
Optional flavoring: 2 tablespoons baking cocoa,
1/2 teaspoon lemon extract or 1/2 teaspoon peppermint extract
Optional filling: seedless raspberry preserves, blueberry preserves, or crushed peppermint candies
Confectioners' sugar

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350°
In a large bowl, combine flour and salt. Cut in cold butter and cream cheese until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Shape into a disk; wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate for 2 hours or until easy to handle.
On a lightly floured surface, roll dough to 1/8-in. thickness. Cut out with a floured 1-1/2-in. cookie cutter. Place 2 in. apart on parchment paper-lined baking sheets. Bake for 7-10 minutes or until light golden brown. Remove to wire racks to cool completely.
Meanwhile, in a large bowl, beat marshmallow creme and softened butter until light and fluffy. Gradually beat in confectioners' sugar.
TO MAKE CHOCOLATE-RASPBERRY COOKIES: Beat cocoa into marshmallow creme mixture. Spread on the bottoms of half of the cookies. Spread raspberry preserves on the bottoms of remaining cookies; top with matching creme-topped cookies. Sprinkle with confectioners' sugar.
TO MAKE LEMON-BLUEBERRY COOKIES: Beat lemon extract into marshmallow creme mixture. Spread on the bottoms of half of the cookies. Spread blueberry preserves on the bottoms of remaining cookies; top with matching creme-topped cookies. Sprinkle with confectioners' sugar.
TO MAKE PEPPERMINT COOKIES: Beat peppermint extract into marshmallow creme mixture. (Tint with 1 drop red food coloring if desired.) Spread on the bottoms of half of the cookies; top with remaining matching cookies. Roll sides in peppermint candies if desired. Sprinkle with confectioners' sugar.

Submitter: 
Delilah
Description: 
.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
55
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
78
Nutritional Facts:
NA
