URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62992566/zippy-tangy-turkey-soup/
Title:
Zippy & Tangy Turkey Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/744586.jpg
Ingredients:
1 Turkey Carcass & left over turkey meat
Celery  Leaves
2 Bay Leaves
1 Tablespoon Dried Marjoram
1 Teaspoon Dried Thyme
2 Sprigs Fresh Rosemary
1/2 Teaspoon Ginger
Salt & Pepper
1/2 Teaspoon Cayenne
1 Large Onion
28 Baby Carrots
3 Stalks Celery
10 Green Beans (fresh or frozen)
1 15 ounce Can of Corn
2 14.5 ounce  Cans of Stewed Tomatoes
1 Cup Long Grain Rice (uncooked)
2 Chicken Flavored Bouillon Cubes

Directions:
Place Turkey Carcass in large Stock Pot or Dutch Oven and cover with cold water. Break carcass in to pieces so it won't take up too much space in pot.  Add chopped onion, celery leaves and bay leaves and bring to boil over med low heat. Simmer for 2 hours.
Remove Turkey from Stock and place on cutting board. Strain stock in strainer into another pot or bowl. Reserve stock and any large pieces of turkey that are left in strainer.  Pour stock back in to stockpot or dutch over
Heat butter in saucepan and add quartered baby carrots and chopped celery. Saute for aprox 8 mins or unit tender.
Remove Turkey from bones and chop into spoon sized pieces.  Add additional left over turkey to bring amount of turkey up to aprox 3 cups of meat.
Add to stock Turkey, fresh rosemary, ginger, cayenne, green beans, sautéed carrots & celery, rice, bouillon, and stewed tomatoes with juice. Add salt to taste - about 1- 1 1/2 tablespoons. Cook for 30-35 mins or until rice is cooked.
Add drained corn and remove sprigs of rosemary.  Serve with additional Cayenne, Salt and Pepper to taste.
Serve immediately or let sit so fat can raise to surface to be removed.  I usually remove most fat by gently placing paper towel on top to absorb most of the fat. The next day the remainder can easily be removed when taking out of fridge as it will harden on top.

Submitter: 
M Vidito
Description: 
Great soup for using up leftover turkey.  This soup has a little red pepper/ cayenne added to give it a kick.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
