URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/62997860/perfect-eggnog-cookies/
Title:
Perfect Eggnog Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/765479.jpg
Ingredients:
3/4 cup white sugar
1/2 cup brown sugar
3/4 cup butter, cold
3/4 cup eggnog
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 egg yolks, lightly beaten
2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon fresh ground nutmeg
1/4 teaspoon salt
FROSTING
1 cup confectioners sugar
2 tablespoons eggnog or rum
1/4 teaspoon fresh ground nutmeg
chopped roasted pecans or slivered almonds

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Sift flour, baking powder, salt, cinnamon and nutmeg.
In a stand mixer, cream sugars and butter until light and fluffy. Add egg yolks and mix until they are fully incorporated, then add the eggnog and vanilla; beat at medium speed until smooth. Add flour mixture and beat at low speed until just combined. Do not overmix.
Using a small ice cream scoop, drop rounded spoonfuls onto a parchment-lined cookie sheet 1 inch apart.  Bake 15 to 18 minutes, or until edges turn light brown.
Transfer the entire parchment sheet to a cooling rack to make icing cleanup easier.  Drizzle the cookies with rum- or eggnog-flavored powdered sugar frosting and sprinkle with slivered almonds or chopped roasted pecans, if desired.

Submitter: 
LeeAnn Ziegler
Description: 
This recipe incorporates the most popular comments on the Eggnog Cookies I recipe, as well as my own cookie baking experience. By Maureen: What a delectable treat for Eggnog lovers everywhere! These cookies have a wonderful spicy aroma and are great tasting. The fragrance of nutmeg and cinnamon will infuse your home with holiday spirit as you bake these cookies. They make delicious gifts and are a welcome addition to cookie exchanges.Modified from: Eggnog Cookies I
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
