URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63004633/halal-cart-style-chicken-and-rice-with-white-sauce/
Title:
Halal Cart-Style Chicken and Rice with White Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the chicken:
2 tablespoons lemon juice
1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano
1/2 teaspoon ground coriander
3 garlic cloves, roughly chopped (about 1 1/2 tablespoons)
1/4 cup light olive oil
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs, trimmed of excess fat (6 to 8 thighs)
1 tablespoon vegetable or canola oil
For the rice
2 tablespoons unsalted butter
1/2 teaspoon turmeric
1/4 teaspoon ground cumin
1 1/2 cups long-grain or Basmati rice
2 1/2 cups chicken broth
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
For the sauce
1/2 cup mayonnaise
1/2 cup Greek yogurt
1 tablespoon sugar
2 tablespoons white vinegar
1 teaspoon lemon juice
1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
To serve
1 head iceberg lettuce, shredded
1 large tomato, cut into wedges
Fluffy pocketless pita bread, brushed in butter, lightly toasted, and cut into 1 × 3-inch strips
Harissa-style hot sauce

Directions:
For chicken: Combine lemon juice, oregano, coriander, garlic, and olive oil in a blender. Blend until smooth. Season marinade to taste with kosher salt and black pepper. Place chicken in a 1-gallon zipper-lock bag and add half of the marinade (reserve remaining marinade in refrigerator). Turn chicken to coat, seal bag, and marinate refrigerator for at least 1 hour and up to 4 hours, turning occasionally to redistribute marinade.
Remove chicken from bag and pat dry with paper towels. Season with kosher salt and pepper, going heavy on pepper. Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy-bottomed cast iron or stainless-steel skillet over medium-high heat until lightly smoking. Add chicken pieces and cook without disturbing until lightly browned, about 4 minutes. Using tongs, flip chicken. Reduce heat to medium and cook until cooked through, about 6 minutes longer. Transfer chicken to cutting board and cool for 5 minutes.
Using a chef’s knife, roughly chop chicken into 1/2- to 1/4-inch chunks. Transfer to a medium bowl, add remaining marinade, cover loosely with plastic, and refrigerate while you cook rice and prepare sauce.
Melt butter over medium heat in large Dutch oven. Add turmeric and cumin and cook until fragrant but not browned. Add rice and stir to coat. Cook, stirring frequently, until lightly toasted, about 4 minutes. Add chicken broth. Raise heat to high and bring to a boil. Cover, reduce to a simmer, and cook for 15 minutes without disturbing. Remove from heat and allow to rest until liquid is completely absorbed and rice is tender, about 15 minutes.
For the sauce: In a small bowl, combine the mayonnaise, yogurt, sugar, vinegar, lemon juice, parsley, and 2 teaspoons black pepper. Whisk to combine. Season to taste with salt.

Submitter: 
Gregg Hollander
Description: 
To serve: Return the entire contents of the chicken bowl (chicken, marinade, and all juices) to the skillet. Cook over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until heated through. To serve, divide the rice, lettuce, tomato, and toasted pita bread evenly among four to six plates. Pile the chicken on top of the rice. Top with the white sauce and hot sauce. Serve immediately, passing extra sauce at the table.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
