URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63006939/martha-stewarts-icebox-cookies/
Title:
Martha Stewart's Icebox Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 cups all-purpose flour
3/4 teaspoon baking powder (omit if making thumbprints, ball cookies, or spritz cookies)
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 sticks unsalted butter
1 cup sugar
1 large egg
2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract

Directions:
Whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl. Beat butter and granulated sugar with a mixer on medium-high speed until pale and fluffy. Beat in egg and vanilla. Reduce speed to low. Add flour mixture, and beat until combined. Proceed with variations:
SHAPED:Once the flour is incorporated according to dough recipe, beat in the desired mix-in. Divide dough into 2 pieces. Shape each into a 10-inch log (or a 10-inch-long triangular, rectangular, or square-shaped log). Coat each in ground nuts or sanding sugar, if using. Wrap in parchment. Refrigerate until very firm, about 2 hours.
Slice dough crosswise slightly thicker than 1/8 inch. Reshape if needed. Bake at 350 degrees on parchment-lined baking sheets until firm, 12 to 14 minutes.
Knead dough briefly to soften. Fill a cookie press with dough (if making swirl cookies, fill with both kinds of dough), and fit with disk to make shapes. Squeeze cookies directly onto a baking sheet. Sprinkle with sanding sugar, if using. Bake at 350 degrees until firm, 12 to 14 minutes.
Let cool completely before dipping in the vanilla or citrus glazes, or melted white chocolate. Apply small or crushed candies, if using, while glaze is wet. Let vanilla- or citrus-glazed cookies set on a wire rack. Let white-chocolate-glazed cookies set in refrigerator, and keep chilled until ready to serve.

Submitter: 
Gregg Hollander
Description: 
Martha's confusing recipe and a million variations
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
?
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
