URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63007645/southern-pecan-praline-pie/
Title:
Southern Pecan Praline Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
•	8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, cut into 1-inch pieces
•	3/4 cup (5 oz) packed dark brown sugar
•	1 teaspoon salt
•	3 large eggs
•	3/4 cup dark corn syrup
•	1 tablespoon vanilla extract
•	2 tablespoons bourbon
•	2 cups whole pecans, toasted, cooled and broken into small pieces
•	1 Pillsbury's refrigerated pie crust dough

Directions:
1.	adjust an oven rack to the middle position and heat the oven to 375F.  Line the chilled dough-lined plate with a double layer of foil and fill with pie weights (or dry beans).  Bake until the pie dough dries out, 20 to 25 minutes.  Carefully remove the pie weights and foil and continue to bake until the crust is lightly browned, 10 to 15 minutes.  Transfer to a wire rack.
2.	For the filling: Lower the oven temperature to 275F. Place the pie shell in the oven if the shell is not still warm.  Cook the butter, brown sugar, and salt together in a medium saucepan over medium heat until the sugar is melted and the butter is absorbed, about 2 minutes.  Remove from the heat and whisk in the eggs, 1 at a time; whisk in the corn syrup, vanilla, and bourbon.  Return the saucepan to medium heat and cook, stirring constantly, until the mixture is glossy and warm to the touch, about 4 minutes.  Do not overheat; remove the saucepan from the heat if the mixture starts to steam or bubble.  The temperature should be about 130F.  Remove the saucepan from the heat and stir in the pecans.
3.	Pour the filling into the warm shell and bake until the center feels set yet soft, like gelatin, when gently pressed, 45 to 60 minutes.  Transfer the pie to a wire rack to cool completely, at least 4 hours.  Cut into wedges and serve.  Serves 8 to 10

Submitter: 
Caroline Ashwood
Description: 
by Barbara Dominey 

From America's Test Kitchen's Best-Ever Recipes 2010.
 ATK is also the folks behind Cook's Illustrated.  They're based in Vermont, and I usually don't trust them on anything they claim is Southern.  This is the exception to the rule.  It's the best pecan pie I've ever eaten, and I love me some pecan pie.  If you don't want to tackle the crust, get a box of Pillsbury's refrigerated pie crust dough.  Blind bake it according to the directions here, then continue with the filling.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
