URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63009161/chocolate-gingerbread-cookies/
Title:
Chocolate-Gingerbread Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 1/4 cup(s) all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting
1/3 cup(s) unsweetened cocoa powder
1 tablespoon(s) ground ginger
2 teaspoon(s) ground cinnamon
1 teaspoon(s) ground cloves
1 tablespoon(s) baking soda
1/2 teaspoon(s) baking powder
1 teaspoon(s) salt
5 tablespoon(s) unsalted butter, softened
1/3 cup(s) solid vegetable shortening
1/2 cup(s) own sugar, packed dark br
1 large egg, at room temperature
1/2 cup(s) molasses
2 ounce(s) bittersweet chocolate, melted and cooled
1 1/4 cup(s) confectioners' sugar
1 large egg white
1 teaspoon(s) fresh lemon juice
Mascarpone Filling, optional

Directions:
1.Make cookies: In a medium bowl, whisk the flour with cocoa powder, ginger, cinnamon, cloves, baking soda, baking powder & salt. In the bowl of a standing electric mixer fitted with paddle, beat softened butter with shortening at medium speed until mixture is smooth, about 30 seconds. Add brown sugar & beat until fluffy, about 2 min.
2.Add egg to cookie batter & beat until incorporated. Beat in molasses & then melted bittersweet chocolate. Add flour mixture in 3 batches, beating between additions. Divide dough into 3 equal parts. Shape each part into a disk, then wrap each in plastic wrap & refrigerate cookie dough until chilled, about 2 hrs.
3.Preheat oven to 350°. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper. On lightly floured work surface, roll out 1 disk of dough 1/4 inch thick. Using 4- to 5-inch cookie cutters, cut dough into shapes & transfer to prepared baking sheets. Reroll dough scraps & cut out more cookies.
4.Bake cookies for about 7 mins, rotating pans halfway through until tops are dry. Let cookies cool on the pans for 5 mins, then transfer to wire racks to cool completely. Repeat the process with remaining dough.
5.Make icing: In a medium bowl, combine confectioners' sugar with egg white and lemon juice & whisk until icing is completely smooth.
6.Scrape the Mascarpone Filling into piping bag fitted with a medium tip. Turn half of gingerbread cookies flat side up and pipe a thin layer of filling over cookies. Top with remaining cookies, flat side down.
7.Scrape icing into a piping bag fitted with a very small tip. Decorate cookies as desired. Let stand until the icing dries, about 30 minutes.

Submitter: 
baileyt0216
Description: 
Provided by: Food&Wine

These marvelous Christmas cookies combine chocolate with spicy gingerbread. I was tired of basic gingerbread, says Matt Lewis. And my connection to chocolate is really deep. An added benefit of these cookies: The supple dough is very easy to work with, and the scraps can be rerolled and cut out.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
