URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63007026/super-meatball-and-pasta-soup/
Title:
Super Meatball and Pasta Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Meatballs
1/2 pound lean ground beef
1/2 pound bulk Italian sausage or bulk breakfast sausage
1/3 cup grated Parmesan Cheese
1/3 cup seasoned bread crumbs
1/4 cup, milk
1 egg
2 tablespoons dried parsley
1 clove garlic minced or grated on a small grater
1/6 teaspoon ground pepper
2 Tablespoons onion finely minced or 1/4 cup freeze dried onion
1 tablespoon olive oil, or as  needed

Directions:
Mix all meatball ingredients together until well combined.  Roll into small meatballs, about 1 to 2 tabelspoons each (I used a tabelspoon measureing spoon)
Meanwhile heat olive oil in soup pot until hot.  Brown meatballs and remove to seperate plate until all are done.
For the soup:
1 tablespoon butter
1 large carrot chopped
2 stalks green celery finely chopped
3/4 cup finely chopped yellow onion
7 cups beef stock or 7 cup water to which 7 teaspoons concentrated beef stock has been added.
4-6 tablespoons Italian-style tomato paste
1 14.5 OZ CAN Chopped tomatoes
1/2 teaspoon salt or to taste
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper or to taste
6 ounces uncooked tri-colored pasta
Any additional veggies you wish to add.  I added chopped turnip, frozen corn and canned, unsalted green beans drained.
Add butter to same pan you cooked the meatballs in along with carrots, celer and onion and cook until slightly softened, about 8 minutes.  Stir in meatballs, stock, tomato paste, tomatoes, salt and papper and other veggies.  Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low and simmer for at least 30 minutes.  If any fat accumulated on surface, skim it off.  Add pasta to sauce and cook for another 20-30 minutes.  Additional water may need to be added if soup becomes too thick.

Submitter: 
Diane Horn Talts
Description: 
Small, very tasty meatballs are simmered in a tomato/beef broth, with a variety of veggies and tri-colored pasta added to make a hearty, delicious soup almost equal to a meal.  Add a grilled cheese sandwich for a very satisfying meal.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
