URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63000009/pumpkin-spice-scones/
Title:
Pumpkin Spice Scones Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/747991.jpg
Ingredients:
SCONE
4 cups AP flour
1 cup sugar
2 tbsp baking powder
1 tsp salt
3 tsp ground cinnamon
3 tsp ground nutmeg
2 tsp ground cloves
2 tsp ground ginger
3/4 cup cold butter
1 cup canned pumpkin (not pie filling)
1/4 cup + 2 tbsp half and half (or whole milk)
2 large eggs
PLAIN GLAZE
2 cups icing sugar
4 tbsp whole milk
SPICED GLAZE
1 1/2 cups icing sugar
1 tsp ground cinnamon
1 tsp ground nutmeg
1/4 tsp ground ginger
1/4 tsp ground cloves
3 tbsp whole milk

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (400 if using convetion oven)
Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper
In large bowl, combine flour, sugar, baking pwdr, salt, and spices.  Once blended, cut in the cold butter until the mixture is crumbly and there are no chunks of butter. set aside.
In seperate bowl, wisk together the pumpkin, milk, and eggs
Fold the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and mix until dough can be formed into a ball
Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface and gently knead a couple of times while patting dough into TWO 1" thick rectangles approx 9" x 3" each
Cut each rectangle into three portions by cutting twice on the short axis (you will have 3 sections, approx 3" x 3").
For large scones, cut the 3" x 3" squares across the diagonal - you will have 12 triangles in total.
For smaller scones, cut the 3" x 3" squares in half then cut the smaller squares across the diagonal - you will have 24 triangels in total
Place the triangles onto the baking sheets and bake for approx 14 - 16 mins.  scones will be light brown when done (cut one open to check and adjust accordingly if required).  place on a wire rack to cool completely.
PLAIN GLAZE:
mix powdered sugar and milk together until smooth.  Once the scones are cool, paint the tops of each scone allowing some glaze to drip down edges. place scone on tray or wire rack to set up. (glaze will harden)
SPICED GLAZE:
mix icing sugar and spices together, then mix in milk to create a smooth glaze.  this glaze should be a little stiffer than the plain glaze - adjust sugar or milk as needed.  place glaze in a ziplock baggie and snip one corner (or squirt bottle).  drizzle spiced glaze over plain glaze and let dry before serving.
store in airtight container

Submitter: 
Catherine Parnell-Proulx
Description: 
A moderatly light scone with lots of flavour!  These are very similar to those sold at Starbucks but these have much more spice and pumpkin flavour.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
