URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63001136/pumpkin-roll/
Title:
PUMPKIN ROLL Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/748395.jpg
Ingredients:
FOR THE CAKE:
3 eggs
1 C sugar
2/3 C canned pumpkin
1 tsp baking soda
2 tsp cinnamon
½ tsp nutmeg
¼ tsp ginger
¾ C flour
FOR THE FILLING:
1 (8 oz) package of cream cheese (softened/at room temperature)
4 T unsalted butter (softened)
1 C confectioners sugar
1½ tsp vanilla extract

Directions:
Preheat oven @ 350F.
In a large bowl, beat eggs & sugar. Beat in remaining cake ingredients in order.
Grease a 10”x15” jelly roll pan lightly.(Just enough for the parchment paper to stick.) Line with parchment or waxed paper. Grease paper and lightly flour it. (This will help ensure the cake doesn't stick.)
Pour batter into the pan and spread evenly. (I like to lift pan up a couple inches from the counter and let it drop. Repeating a couple times. Takes out some air bubbles.) Bake for 15 minutes or less. The cake cooks fast, so keep an eye on it to avoid burning. (It'll be done when pressing a finger in the center and it springes back.)
While the cake is baking, sprinkle confectioners sugar heavily over a clean, (I prefer to lint roll) kitchen towel or terry cloth. Use a sifter for the sugar to make it easier to spread.
Turn hot cake onto towel.(Careful, it will be hot!)
Remove paper and trim the cake edges if you prefer.
Sprinkle more confectioners sugar over the cake & roll in the towel (but not too tight) while cake is still hot. Let cake cool completely to keep the cake from cracking. That takes at least 30 minutes or so.
While the cake is cooling, prepare the filling by beating together cream cheese, butter, confectioners sugar & vanilla. (Refrigerate filling until cake has cooled down.)
Unroll cake and spread filling around evenly. (Will get messy!) Roll cake with filling. Wrap with waxed or parchment paper, then with foil.
Refrigerate or freeze. (I've found that it keeps frozen well for a couple months.) Serve by slicing 1/3 inch pieces and sprinkle with confectioners sugar to make it look pretty.
Enjoy… ;)
*I like to have a side of canned cherries to serve with it!

Submitter: 
IDALYZME
Description: 
MMMM...LOVE ME SOME PUMPKIN ROLL...THIS RECIPE IS ALWAYS A BIG HIT AT FAMILY GATHERINGS!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
90 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
