URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63001434/light-tiramisu/
Title:
Light Tiramisu Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/748527.jpg
Ingredients:
3 egg yolks
3/4 cup granulated sugar
2 tablespoons sweet marsala wine
Dash of salt
1 (8 ounce) package Neufchatel cheese, room temperature
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
3/4 cup lite whipped topping, thawed, such as Cool Whip Lite
1/2 cup water
1 1/2 teaspoons instant espresso
2 tablespoons coffee flavored liqueur such as Kahlua
6 ounces ladyfingers, approximately 24 count
1/4 cup cocoa

Directions:
For Zabaione, combine egg yolks, sugar, marsala wine, and a pinch of salt in the top of a double broiler or bowl set over a pot of simmering water.  Whip continuously for about 5 minutes until thick and smooth.  Set aside to cool slightly.
In a separate bowl, whip Neufchatel cheese, cinnamon, and vanilla about 4 minutes until light and airy.  Add reserved Zabaione and mix about 1 minute to incorporate.  Fold in thawed whipped topping.
Dissolve instant espresso in 1/2 cup water.  Add coffee flavored liqueur and stir to incorporate.
Place 1/4 of the ladyfingers in the bottom of a 9" x 9" glass dish.  Brush both sides of ladyfingers with the coffee.  Spread 1/4 of the cream filling over the ladyfingers.  Sift cocoa over the cream.  Repeat to make 4 layers, ending with sifted cocoa.
Cover and refrigerate several hours or overnight, until set.

Submitter: 
ZChef
Description: 
This recipe for Tiramisu is lighter than traditional recipes made with mascarpone.  The neufchatel cheese in this recipe has 70 calories, 6g of total fat, and 4g of saturated fat per one ounce serving versus 127 calories, 12.7g of total fat, and 7.9g of saturated fat for mascarpone.  Many recipes for Tiramisu also have whipping cream.  This recipe uses Lite Whipped Topping, which has about half as much saturated fat as whipping cream.  Mascarpone cheese is also 3 to 4 times more expensive than neufchatel cheese, so this recipe is lighter on your budget too!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
