URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63001320/moms-no-fail-lasagna/
Title:
Moms No Fail Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/748487.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound of hamburger (I find medium ground is best for baking but any grind will suffice)
I large can of diced tomatoes.
1 can of 4 cheeese spagetti sauce.
Chopped onions (at least one large)
1 pkg frozen chopped strained spinach.
1 container of Ricotta (or Cottage)cheese.
Oven ready lasagna noodles or if you have them, the real italian made ones in the freezer section at your supermaket (slurp)
You can add mushrooms, peppers or any veggies you have but I just like the spinach. It's easy, inexpensive and good for you. Very pretty in the dish as well.
750 grams of your favorite cheese. Blends are yummy!
2-3 eggs
Italian  Mixed Spices.
Garlic Plus,
Salt and pepper
Parmesan  and or Ramano cheese( Always spice to taste, everone is different)

Directions:
Cook onions and ground beef together (strain if needed)
Add sauce, tomatoes and spices bring to a boil and turn down to simmer.
In a bowl mix Ricotta cheese with a couple whole eggs, add strained chopped spinach  ( you could throw parmesan and or Romano in as well, if desired)and set aside.
Shred your cheese and set aside(hint: if you freeze your cheese and thaw the cheese will break apart easily in your hands without grading)
In a lasagna pan, ladle out a bottom layer of meat sauce.
Add a layer of oven ready noodles
Add another layer of sauce and some cheese,
Repeat
At the middle point of you lasagna spread the ricotta, spinach and egg mixture.
Repeat layering sauce, noodles and graded cheese leaving cheese for a final topping of this lasagna.
Add Parmesan if you like.
Cook at 400 for 45 minutes (remember ovens vary)
Cook until browned and cheese bubbles.
You may make as many of these as you like ahead, cover and refridgerate without cooking.

Submitter: 
Vickie Smalls
Description: 
I usually make 3-4 or these at a time. I freeze ahead and dont cook them first ( you can but they are jucier and fresher cooked only once). Simply thaw and cook as usual when ready. I usually have one on hand for emergencies. If you dont want to cook or need a dish to give to a grieving friend or bring to a function, your prepared with something yummy.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
