URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63009259/christmas-eve-manicotti/
Title:
Christmas Eve Manicotti Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the Crepes:
4 eggs
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 cups flour
2 1/4 cups milk
1/4 cup melted butter
For the Filling:
1 (10-oz.) package frozen chopped spinach thawed and squeezed dry
1 15 oz container ricotta
3 oz. cream cheese, softened
1/2 cup grated parmesan or romano cheese
1 tablespoon onion powder
1 teaspoon oregano
4 tablesoons chopped fresh parsley
3 tablesoons chopped green onion
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 eggs, beaten slightly

Directions:
For the Crepes:
1. In a medium bowl combine eggs and salt.
2. Gradually add flour alternatly with milk, beating in blender or mixer until smooth.
3. Beat in melted butter.
4. Refrigerate at least 1 hour.
For the Filling:
Heat samll fry pan.  Have a small bowl of vegetable oil and a pastry brush nearby.  Heat the pan and ladle in enough batter to coat the bottom of the pan, cook until the first side turns light brown turn the crepe over to cook other side.
4. Pile cooked crepes inbetween layers of waxed paper on a dish.
For the Ricotta Filling:
1. Mix spinach with ricotta, cream cheese, parmesan, onion powder, oregano, parsley, green onion, salt and eggs.
2. Pour and spread marinara sauce into bottom om 13" x 9" Pyrex pan.
3. Spoon 5 tablesoons of cheese mixture into center of each crepe.  Roll up; place in pan.
4. Top rolled crepes with additional sauce and sheredded mozzarella cheese.
Bake in a 350 degree oven for 20-30 minutes.

Submitter: 
Fantasy Gardener and Chef
Description: 
My mother is full-blodded Sicilian.  Christmas Eve we celebrated the Vigil and had 7 fish dishes.  Since my children were not super fans of anything more than shrimp I made manicotti to add to the squid and ocotpus they didn't like.  

The crepes and the fuffy cheese and cheese and spinach filling are sure to satisfy vegetarians as well.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h start to finish
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
