URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63001157/tasty-cheesy-baked-potato-soup/
Title:
Tasty Cheesy Baked Potato  Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/748426.jpg
Ingredients:
Peel potatoes to make mashed or what ever recipe you need them for.  I use at least 4 cups of peelings.
Only use the whitest potatoes, soak peelings and set aside.
Large chopped onion.
1/4 cup of flour
One half pound of ham or bacon diced.
3 stalks celery diced
Can of mushroms
Chicken broth 12 cups
Small container of sour cream
1-2 cups of grated cheese (I like sharp cheddar)
Lots of pepper with salt to taste
Can of mushroom soup
Chives for topping

Directions:
Start cook you celery and onions to release the flavor ( they need not cook completely)
Start with about a 1/4 cup of flour to a cup of chicken broth with onions to make a roux.
Add the rest of the remaining broth BUT! (set aside a little to mix with your cream of mushroom soup so it wont be added lumpy)
Add clean potato peelings and begin to cook at medium high.
On the side chop and crisp your bacon ( you can skip this with ham : ) But I do recommend adding the bacon drippings for flavor.
Add meat to your pot when ready and bring to a boil.
Mix a can of mushroom soup with the reserved broth (best with a whisk) then add to soup pot with your can of drained mushrooms.
When the above step is completed turn you soup down and simmer.
When the peelings are almost soft add your sharp cheese.
Towards the end (when the potatoes are soft and ready to serve add sour cream)
Add Chives, salt to taste but I recommend being liberal with the pepper.
Remember just about anything you like on a baked potato will work in this. ( for example; add butter, chives or cream if desired)
When the peelings are soft and cooked and all the ingredients are added you are ready to serve.

Submitter: 
Vickie Smalls
Description: 
I got the basic idea from a lady who had 5 kids to feed but also was a celebrated cook at a local restraunt. The idea is to take the peelings of the whitest potatoes and use them instead of tossing them out. This makes sense as the peelings of potatoes are nutrient rich and why waste those fluffy white peelings. I am a fly by the seat of my pants cook but I know what works in a recipe and what will not. Treat this one like a baked potato using your favorite toppings and you will have a tasty hearty meal on a cold winter day. One tip. Save bacon drippings for your soups. This adds body.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
