URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63006830/wet-burrito/
Title:
Wet Burrito Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb. Lean Ground Beef
2 clove garlic, minced
1/2 cup onion, chopped
1 tbsp. Worcestershire sauce
1 tsp. paprika
1 tsp. oregano
1 1/2 tsp. chili powder
3/4 tsp. cumin
1/2 tsp. black pepper
1 can (15 oz.) diced tomatoes, divided
2 cups cheddar cheese, shredded and divided
4 large flour tortillas
2 cups refried beans
1/4 tsp. cumin
1 can (10 oz.) enchilada sauce
1 can (18 oz.) homestyle beef gravy
For serving-
1 cup Sour Cream
4 tbsp. chopped onion
1 cup chopped lettuce
4 tbsp. chopped tomatoes

Directions:
Preheat a large skillet over medium heat. Add the beef, onion and garlic. Stir and chop beef while cooking to ensure it is broken into small pieces. Cook for 5-7 min. until beef is browned. Drain any fat from pan. Then add Worcestershire sauce, paprika, oregano, chili powder, 3/4 tsp. cumin, pepper and half of the can of tomatoes with sauce and simmer over medium high heat for 5 min.
In a saucepan combine refried beans and 1/4 tsp. cumin and warm over medium heat.
In a second saucepan combine enchilada sauce, beef gravy, the second half of the tomatoes with sauce and heat over high heat until boiling.
Soften tortillas according to the package directions.
Preheat oven to 375 deg. F.
Assemble the burritos by laying one tortilla flat and layering 1/4 of the beef mixture, 1/4 of the bean mixture and 1/4 cup of shredded cheddar cheese. Fold two opposing sides of the burrito in, then fold in the other sides to create the burrito. Place the burrito seam side down in a 13x9 baking dish. Repeat this for the 3 remaining tortillas.
When all the burritos are placed in the baking dish pour the sauce mixture over the top of them and sprinkle with the remaining cup of cheese. Place in oven and bake 15-20 minutes, until the cheese is melted.
Remove from oven and plate each burrito. Spoon sauce from the baking pan over the top. Then add 1/4 of the sour cream, chopped onion, chopped lettuce and chopped tomatoes over each.

Submitter: 
Jordan VanderLaan
Description: 
This is a Wet Burrito with meat and beans in the traditional West Michigan style!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min.
Ready in:
1 hr.
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
