URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63012229/hungarian-shepherds-pie/
Title:
Hungarian Shepherd's Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/838124.jpg
Ingredients:
2 pounds russet potatoes, washed, peeled and cut into chunks
1 clove garlic, smashed
Salt
6 tablespoons butter, divided, 3/1/2
1/2 cup heavy cream
Freshly ground black pepper
1 1/2 pounds ground beef (85 percent lean)
2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce
1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper
2 tablespoons tomato paste
1/2 cup beef stock or stock using beef buillon
1 tablespoons vegetable oil
1/2 large onion, finely chopped
1 red bell pepper, julienned
2 zucchini, julienned, optional
1 teaspoon Hungarian hot paprika, plus more for garnish
1-2 cups Havarti cheese, shredded

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
In a medium saucepan, cover potatoes and crushed garlic with enough water to cover by 1-inch. Add some salt and bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce to medium-high and cook until fork tender, about 15 minutes. Drain potatoes, return to pot, and mash together with 3 tablespoons of the butter and the heavy cream. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and set aside.
In a large pan on medium-high heat, combine 1 tablespoon butter. When butter has melted, add beef, Worcestershire sauce, cayenne pepper and salt and pepper, to taste, and cook until meat is brown. Stir in tomato paste and saute for a few minutes. Add stock and bring to a simmer. Season and remove mixture to a bowl. If there's too much liquid in the pan, tilt the pan, and scoop out the meat, leaving the liquid in the pan. You may use the liquid to saute with the veggies (next step)or discard.
In the same pan, add remaining 2 tablespoon butter and 1 tablespoon oil and saute onions until almost tender, then add red bell pepper, zucchini, and paprika. Cook until tender, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat.
To assemble, in a 9 by 13-inch baking dish layer half of beef, pressing down to pack in, then sprinkle the cheese on evenly. Pour the remaining half of the beef over the cheese and press down. Next, add the sauteed vegetables and top with the mashed potatoes, spreading out with a spatula or the back of a spoon to even out and to form decorative peaks and valleys. Sprinkle top with paprika and bake for 30 minutes or until edges on potatoes turn golden brown.
Serve with gravy.

Submitter: 
moaa
Description: 
I adapted this recipe from a favorite Chef.  You may top with any of your favorite gravy! I use roasted chicken gravy. You can also add diced carrots and peas to the red bellpeppers.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
60
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
