URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63017115/laura-vatali-holiday-biscotte/
Title:
Laura Vatali Holiday Biscotte Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/754899.jpg
Ingredients:
2 2/3 Cups of Flour
1 ½ Cup of Sugar
2 tsp of Baking Powder
1/2 tsp of Vanilla
1 tsp of Salt
Zest of 2 Clementine’s or 1 Orange
1Cup of Flaked Almonds
1Cup of Sweetened dried Cranberries
3 Tbsp of Clementine Juice or Orange Juice
3 Eggs
5 Tbsp of Vegetable Oil

Directions:
1) Position oven racks in the middle and top of the oven and preheat oven to 350 degrees. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper and set aside.
2) In a large bowl mix together the flour, salt, sugar and baking powder to combine. In a small bowl toss the Clementine zest, the flaked almonds and cranberries with about ¼ cup of the flour mixture. Mix it together well to insure the zest is not in big clumps. Add this mixture to the large bowl of the flour mixture and mix well.
3) In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, add the eggs, oil and Clementine juice and mix to combine well. Add the flour mixture and mix to combine but not over mixing!
4) The dough will be very sticky.
5) Dump dough onto a heavily floured board and divide dough in to 6 equal portions. Roll each piece into a log that’s about 12 inches long, make sure to dust with flour along the way to keep dough from sticking. Set the logs about 3 inches apart onto the prepared  baking sheet, press gently to flatten each log so that they are about 1 ½ to 2 inches wide. Bake until the logs are golden and firmly near the center, about 25 minutes rotating the baking sheets half way through to insure even baking.
6) Let the logs cool enough to handle, about 20 minutes. Transfer logs to a cutting board, using a serrated knife, slice them on a sharp diagonal into about ½ inch thick slices. Arrange the slices on the baking sheets, laying cut side down. Return to oven and bake for 7 minutes. Turn the cookies over and rotate the baking sheets and bake for another 9 to 10 minutes or until golden and lightly browned.
7) Let cool on the baking sheets for about 5 minutes before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely. (The cookies will not harden until totally cooled) Enjoy!

Submitter: 
JFKR
Description: 
These are classic Italian biscotti but I decided to make a holiday version of them. Lots of people I know like to add pistachio to them because the are very pretty and green but honestly, I am not a fan of pistachio at all! I really love almonds so I figured why not add those in since they are very traditional in biscotti, and add some holiday flavorings with some dried cranberries and Clementine’s? so that’s what I did and I am happy to report that it is a killer combinations and honestly I make there all year long except I use oranges when Clementine’s aren’t in season
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
45
Number of servings: 
60
Nutritional Facts:
NA
