URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63014818/beef-empanadas/
Title:
Beef Empanadas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/754091.jpg
Ingredients:
Pastry
1 1/4 cup plain flour
1/4 butter
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 fl.oz. white wine
Filling
1 lb. ground beef (85% lean)
1 medium onion, chopped in tiny pieces
1 peeled medium potato
1 medium peeled and very thinly sliced carrot
1.5 tbs of extra virgin olive oil
5 oz. manzanilla olives stuffed with red pepper (leave some of the brine)
2 minced garlic (I prefer freshly minced rather than store bought)
adobo seasoning to taste (not the mexican sauce, but the powder mix-usually reffered as puerto rican adobo)-about 2 tsp

Directions:
Mix salt into flour and rub in butter as for short crust pastry.
Work wine into mixture to make a dough, using a little water if necessary.
Knead lightly, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 2 hours.
Soften onion in oil and add garlic. Cook for a couple of minutes, then add potato and carrots and let it cook for a about 3 minutes. Add the rest of the ingredients and simmer for about 20 minutes, or until the beef and potatoes are throughly cooked. Allow to cool.
Roll out pastry thinly, cutting into 3” diameter rounds with a cutter or glass. Place 1 tsp or so of mixture in the centre of each round, then fold in half, expelling the air and crimping with a fork.
For Deep frying, cook in hot oil for about 3 minutes, turning when they rise to the top.
If baking pre-heat oven at 350 F and place empanadas in a cookie sheet covered with non-stick cooking spray. Coat empanadillas with either a bit of butter or margarine or spray tops with cooking spray to aid in the browning process. Bake for about 20 minutes, or until they start getting brown, turning half way the cooking time.
Enjoy hot or cold.

Submitter: 
carlaroig
Description: 
A delicious treat from Hispanic countries. Empanadas can be fried or baked for a healthier appetizer. This is a modified recipe from one I found online.I changed the filling to ground beef rather than tuna, but pastry can be filled pretty much with anything.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
3.5 hrs
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
