URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63013298/not-thousand-island-dressing/
Title:
Not Thousand Island Dressing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup Mayonnaise
½ cup ketchup
1/4 teaspoon Ground Black Pepper
1 teaspoon Granulated Garlic
2 teaspoons Horseradish Sauce
1 teaspoon Chili Powder
1/4 teaspoon Celery seed
2 tablespoons Dill relish
½ teaspoon Mustard Seed
2 Hard boiled eggs, small chop

Directions:
1. Beginning with the wet ingredients mix all except eggs then fold in eggs for a chunky texture.
2. Let stand a minimum of three hours to soften seeds and flavors to blend. Keep cold.
Of course, the only valid reason for which I’ll make this dressing is for it to be a condiment for a Reuben Sandwich. I am totally a fan of Rubens. This recipe is my own take and I call it my favorite over every Ruben I have had. For me, a Reuben must be made from a cooked at home corned beef brisket or real New York Style Pastrami. If either of these staples is not available, I will not consider making a Reuben.
When it’s time to slice the corned beef I don’t let myself be sissified. I cut nice slices about 1/4" thick. I leave the fat on.
I drain and squeeze the juice from sauerkraut and put it in a frying pan and turn the burner to medium high. ( I like the kraut that I find refrigerated. Doesn’t seem as acidic.) When the kraut begins to sizzle, I’ll add two tablespoons of butter, a rough chopped onion , a rough chopped red bell pepper and two teaspoons of caraway seed.
I stir continuously until the liquid and butter are no longer gathering on the pan bottom. This is where I add the Thousand Island Dressing. Just enough to thoroughly coat the kraut. Now, shut off the burner. Putting all the ingredients together like this slows down or eliminates dripping from the sandwich. At this point I build the sandwiches. I like to serve it on toasted Pumpernickel with softened Swiss cheese. On the side will sit a dark ale and one of those monster size deli dill pickles.

Submitter: 
Terry Goff Tripp
Description: 
Reuben sauce! Compliments of Mr. Mike Harvey... Thanks Mike!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 min
Ready in:
1 hr 5 min
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
