URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63013374/brussel-sprouts-dangeli/
Title:
Brussel Sprouts D'Angeli Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/753482.jpg
Ingredients:
1 lb - 40-50 Brussel sprouts - Pick smaller, tighter sprouts
1 Tbsp Porcini or other Mushroom-infused olive oil
OR same extra virgin olive oil + 2 tsp crushed dried porcini.
1 shallot finely minced
1 tbsp garlic infused extra virgin olive oil
1/2 Cup thick shredded Yancey's Fancy smoked gouda (preferred)
or Kerrygold Dubliner white cheddar
1/2 tsp (approx.) black pepper
1/4 tsp white pepper
1/2 tsp onion powder
3 Tbsp Kosher Salt (For curing, not in recipe)
Salt to taste

Directions:
Three hours before:
1. Set a tall bowl with cold water on the counter. Add Wash brussel sprouts in a colander. Put the salt into the water and stir until dissolved. Add the sprouts to the water and add any water needed until they are floating enough that you can turn them.  Soak for at least 90 minutes in the salt water bath, turning them occasionally.
2. Preheat oven to 375 F. degrees
3. Drain the sprouts and grab another work bowl, knife and cutting board. Fill the work bowl half way with cold water. Do not use the salted water from step 1. Trim the ends of each sprout. Peel back any discolored leaves and discard. Cut the sprouts in half and put  them in the water bowl.
3. Heat up a large pan with sides to low medium. Add the oils covering the bottom.  Let the oil heat through for a few seconds. Drain the sprouts in the colander. Fill up the bowl with fresh water and ice cubes.  Set the heat to medium and add the shallots. Add the sprouts, pepper, onion powder and salt to taste.  (Be careful not to over salt as the cheese is salty.) Saute for 3-5 minutes until sprouts are bright green.  Immediately put them in the cold water to stop cooking, trying to reserve contents of saute pan. This will prevent them from overcooking on next step.
4. In an ovenproof pan or bowl, place the sprouts, and any drippings from the saute pan. Sprinkle the Gouda shreds over the sprouts.
5. Bake 20-30 minutes and serve. Sprouts are done when darker green and the cheese is nice melted on them.

Submitter: 
The Jazz Chef
Description: 
Brussel sprouts are a tough sell, being the most reviled vegetable in British and American literature. I found several recipes, including a few good ones here, but none of them quite did it. These angelic brussel sprouts are pure heaven: Light veggies with a drizzle of rich smoked cheese. The process is important, as are quality ingredients.  While I can't guarantee that everyone will love them, you'll make at least one new brussel sprouts convert per meal. Amazing day of, they reheat well too.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
3 h
Ready in:
40 min.
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
