URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63019255/dry-brined-roast-turkey/
Title:
Dry-Brined Roast Turkey Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 turkey 20 lbs. or more, thawed with giblets and neck removed, patted dry
Kosher salt (1 tbsp per 5 lbs of turkey)
1 tbsp sugar
1 tsp fresh ground pepper
2 sticks butter softened
2 tbsp chopped fresh parsley
1 1/2 tbsp dried sage
1 1/2 tbsp dried thyme
1/3 tsp paprika
1/4 tsp ground cloves
Quick-mixing flour (such as Wondra)

Directions:
THREE DAYS BEFORE ROASTING:
Gently slip your fingers between the turkey skin and breast.  Slide your fingers around to loosen the skin from the breast meat and down the sides to do the same to the legs.  Sprinkle the cavity with salt.  Salt the entire outside skin of the turkey.  Place it in a 2 1/2 gallon seal-able plastic bag.  Place the turkey in the refrigerator (lowest shelf, away from other stuff, etc.) for three days.
EIGHT HOURS BEFORE ROASTING:
Remove the turkey from the refrigerator and unwrap it.  Rinse in cold water to remove any unabsorbed salt.  Pat dry thoroughly with paper towels and put it back in the refrigerator uncovered.
ONE AND 1/2 HOUR BEFORE ROASTING:
Remove the turkey from refrigerator.  Mix the parsley, sage, thyme, pepper, paprika and cloves together then add the softened butter and mash them around until well combined.  Reserve 4 tbsp of the butter mixture and rub the remainder under the skin of the breasts and legs.  Rub 2 tbsp of the reserved butter on the outside skin of the entire turkey.  Chill and save the rest of the butter and herb mixture to add to the gravy later.  Let the turkey stand at room temperature for one hour.
TIME TO ROAST:
Preheat oven to 425 F.  Place the turkey on a roasting rack in a roasting pan and place in preheated oven.  After 30 minutes reduce the heat to 325 F and roast until the breast temperature reaches 160 F.  Place the turkey on a platter or cutting board to rest for 30 minutes covered with aluminum foil before serving.  Use a separating cup to remove any excess grease from the drippings then make your gravy using this and the remaining butter mixture.  Add quick-mixing flour as needed to thicken.  Be sure to taste before seasoning as the salting and herbs may make it unnecessary.

Submitter: 
Michael St. Laurent
Description: 
Dry Brining is a method considered by many to be superior to a wet brine soak and our experience agrees.  It produces a moist and well seasoned bird.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
varies
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
