URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63012863/cats-chocolate-wine-marshmallows/
Title:
Cat's Chocolate-Wine Marshmallows Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/753243.jpg
Ingredients:
Non-stick cooking spray
2 cups granulated white sugar
1 T corn syrup
1 1/4 cup cold water divided
3 envelopes unflavored Gelatin
3 eggs separated
2 T chocolate wine or flavoring of your choice
1 cup powdered sugar
2 tsp cocoa powder

Directions:
In a 9x13 pan, I used a silpat mat in the bottom of the pan to prevent sticking, I sprayed the sides of the pan with non stick cooking spray first.
In a large saucepan stir granulated sugar, corn syrup and 3/4 cup water together.  Using a candy thermomter heat to 250-265 degrees F.  Watch closely when it starts boiling it will reach temp fairly quickly.
As the syrup is cooking, in a small metal bowl add 1/2 cup cold water and whisk gelatin in.  Place bowl over small sauce pan of simmering water. It will change consistancy as it heats up. Keep warm until syrup is ready.  It may need to be whisked again.
While step #2 & #3 are working, separate eggs and whip egg whites to soft peak.  Using a Kitchen Aid mixer will make this easier when adding the syrup/gelatin mix later.
Once the syrup has reached temperature remove from heat and stir in gelatin.  This mixture will expand and double in size.  Once incorporated turn mixer on and start beating soft peak eggwhites on high while pouring in syrup/gelatin mixture to stiff peak.  Add the syrup in a thin steady stream.  Once all the sugar mix is in add the flavoring and mix in.
Spread evenly into pan and smooth the top.  Let rest in a cool, dry place for at least 6 hours.
Mix powdered sugar and cocoa together and evenly spread out onto a large cutting board. Save some sugar to dust onto your squares of marshmallow.
When marshmallow mixture can be pulled away from the sides of the pan easily.  Carefully scrape the sheet off onto your sugared cutting board.  It is easier to use kitchen shears to cut into squares but a very sharp knive will work.  Cut to size and evenly coat each square with sugar.  Place in a ziplock bag and store in the refrigerator.

Submitter: 
Cat Hill
Description: 
I've always liked the perfect roasted marshmallow with melted chocolate.  When I discovered I could make homemade chocolate flavored marshmallows and just how good they were melted, it was quite the delightful treat.  It does take some work and time but it is sooo worth it!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
6-7 h
Number of servings: 
40
Nutritional Facts:
NA
