URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63018055/macaroni-and-cheese-casserole/
Title:
Macaroni and Cheese Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
12 oz (dry weight) of elbow macaroni
1/4 cup butter
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 tsp dried thyme
1/4 tsp pepper
3 cups milk
2 pinches ground nutmeg
1/4 tsp Worcestershire sauce
1 tsp salt
3 cups shredded sharp Cheddar cheese
1 tsp Dijon mustard
1 cup panko bread crumbs
2 tbsp melted butter

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F
Cook the macaroni to al dente in salted water then drain and set it aside for later.
Melt 1/4 cup butter in a large saucepan then cook it over medium heat until it starts to foam and bubble. Next add the flour and continue cooking until the color just begins to deepen (about 3 to 4 minutes).  After that add the thyme and pepper then stir and cook another minute.  Whisk in 1 cup of milk until the sauce is smooth then add the remaining 2 cups of milk and whisk again until combined.  Continue cooking over medium heat until the sauce is simmering.
Add the nutmeg, Worcestershire sauce and salt then lower the heat to medium-low and whisk often for about 8 minutes until the sauce is thickened.  Remove pan from heat and wait a minute or two to cool a little as high heat will cause graininess when the cheese melts.  Add 2 1/4 cups of the Cheddar cheese and stir until it has melted and combined then add the Dijon mustard and stir it in as well.
Combine the cooked macaroni with the cheese sauce in a 3 quart casserole dish and stir to mix thoroughly.  In a small bowl mix panko bread crumbs with 2 tablespoons of melted butter then sprinkle on top of the macaroni and cheese.  Top with the remaining 3/4 cup of Cheddar cheese.
Bake for 20 minutes uncovered at 400 degrees F until bread crumbs and Cheddar cheese topping are a golden brown.

Submitter: 
Michael St. Laurent
Description: 
Old-school macaroni and cheese casserole
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
