URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63025626/scones/
Title:
Scones Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/758306.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, **frozen whole**
½ cup whole milk
½ cup sour cream
2 cups (10 oz.) all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting the work surface
½ cup sugar, plus extra for sprinkling
2 tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
3/4 tsp. lemon juice
4 tbsp. unsalted butter, melted

Directions:
Preheat to 425° F
Grate butter using the grating attachment for the food processor (If making blueberry scones - place the blueberries in the freezer until needed)
Whisk together the milk and sour cream in a medium bowl; refrigerate until needed
Combine the flour, ½ cup sugar, baking powder, baking soda, salt and lemon juice in a medium mixing bowl.
Add the grated butter to the flour mixture and toss with fingers until thoroughly coated
Add the milk mixture to the dry ingredients and fold with a spatula until combined
Transfer the dough to a generously floured work surface. Dust the top of the dough with flour, and knead with well-floured hands, 6-8 times, just until the dough holds together in a ragged ball. Add flour as needed to prevent sticking
Roll the dough into a 12-inch square. Fold the dough into thirds like a business letter using a dough scraper. Fold the short ends of the dough into the center in thirds, to form a square
Transfer the dough to a plate lightly dusted with flour and chill in the freezer for 5 minutes
Return the dough to the floured work surface and roll into a 12-inch square. Sprinkle and gently press the toppings evenly into the dough
Using a dough scraper, roll the dough up to form a tight log. Lay the log seam side down and press the log into a 12 x 4-inch rectangle. Using a sharp, floured knife, cut the rectangle crosswise into 4 equal rectangles. Cut each rectangle diagonally to form 2 triangles. Transfer to a lined baking sheet
Brush the tops of the scones with melted butter and sprinkle with sugar.
Bake until the tops and bottoms are golden brown, about 11½ minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool at least 10 minutes before serving

Submitter: 
Delilah
Description: 
Blueberry,
Cranberry (Craisin) Orange,
Chocolate
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
