URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63020342/loaded-stuffed-jalapeno-poppers/
Title:
Loaded Stuffed Jalapeno Poppers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
12 fresh jalapeno peppers
8 ounces Bob Evans breakfast sausage (I used turkey links)
8 ounces cream cheese, softened (may use low fat if you like)
2 cups sharp cheddar cheese, finely shredded
1 cup shredded Parmesan cheese
1 to 2 tsp minced garlic (to your taste)
1 ounce Hidden Valley Ranch dressing mix
1 1/2 cups panko bread crumbs
2-3 tablespoons butter, melted
Optional: serve with sour cream and/or guacamole

Directions:
Using cooking gloves on hands slice peppers in half length-wise. Remove seeds and membranes. Remove stem if attached. Using small knife slice a very thin slice/piece from the outside bottom side of each pepper. This will allow the peppers to remain upright on baking pan, like a boat & not to roll onto sides. Fill a bowl with cold water and ice (enough to cover all the peppers); set aside. Bring a pot of water to boil (enough to cover all the peppers) and carefully drop each pepper half into water; boil 2 minutes. Immediately remove peppers from boiling water and plunge into ice water in bowl. Cook sausage and crumble until nicely browned (drain off fat if necessary). I used turkey links and removed very thin sausage casing then chopped up into very small crumble sized pieces before cooking in skillet with a tsp of butter. Mix cream cheese, cheddar cheese, Parmesan cheese, garlic, dressing mix in with browned sausage. Take peppers out of water and drain any water. Fill each pepper boat half with sausage filling pressing it in. Fill these so they mound up. Depending on size of jalapenos you may have filling left over. You could freeze it for the next time you make poppers or just much on it while you cook! Place each half on a baking sheet and place in freezer until just frozen, approximately 20 minutes. Can choose to store in air tight container until ready to bake or bake now. When ready to bake preheat oven to 350. Mix melted butter in with panko crumbs. Sprinkle and press crumbs on top of filling and peppers covering well. May need to mix up additional crumbs as needed. Place each half on baking sheet. Bake for 25 to 30 minute until crumbs are golden brown and cheeses are bubbly. serve immediately as is or with sour cream and/or guacamole.

Submitter: 
FunwithFood
Description: 
Not your average stuffed jalapeno popper. Couldn't find a recipe that I liked so made these to my liking, loaded with everything I like! Hope you like them just as much as I do.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
80 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
