URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63025889/shrimp-and-mussels-diablo/
Title:
Shrimp and Mussels Diablo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound medium large shrimp. Fresh or frozen uncooked. Peeled and deveined
1 pound mussels, frozen is fine
1 tsp crushed red pepper flakes
6 tbsp good olive oil
3 tbsp butter
1 1/2 tbsp sea salt
1/4 cup cognac or brandy
4 tbsp coarse chopped garlic (12 cloves) yes I said 12!
1 medium yellow onion diced
1/2 tsp sugar
28 oz can petit diced tomatoes, drained (Cento uses canned San Marzano Tomatoes)
1 cup dry white wine (Sauvignon Blanc no Chardonnay)
Juice of one lemon, about 2 tablespoons
2 tbsp  tomato paste (from the tube works great here)
2 tbsp anchovy paste or 3 fillet (don’t omit or you will lose SO much flavor)
1/3 cup chopped parsley
1 tbsp fresh chiffonade basil, about 5 leaves stacked, rolled and sliced thinly
1 1/2 pound linguini
Parmigiano-Reggiano grated or ribboned with vegetable peeler

Directions:
Place large pot with plenty of salted water on the stove to boil.
Heat a heavy, large skillet on high for about 2 to 3 minutes. This pan needs to be screaming hot to bring out the best flavor and color in your shrimp. While the pan heats, toss the shrimp with half the red pepper flakes, 2 tbsp of the olive oil, and 3/4 tsp salt. Stir them around to coat the shrimp.
When the skillet is VERY hot, add the shrimp using a wooden spoon to spread them out into a single layer. Flip the shrimp over after 30 seconds so the other side browns another 30 seconds. MOVE skillet AWAY from heat and add the cognac waiting a moment before returning to heat source. Put the skillet back on the heat and use a LONG handled lighter to ignite the cognac. Do this with extreme caution! Shake the skillet until the flames die off. Remove shrimp to a bowl, set aside.
Let the skillet cool before returning to heat. Decrease heat to medium. Add garlic, onions, butter and remaining olive oil. Cook stirring till onions are translucent. This takes about 5 to 6 minutes.
Increase heat to medium-high.  Add the rest of the pepper flakes, 3/4 tsp salt, sugar, tomatoes, tomato paste, anchovy paste or fillets (they will dissolve while cooking, nobody will know they are even there), lemon and wine. Simmer on medium high for 8 minutes.
While the sauce simmers, add the pasta to the boiling water.
Add the shrimp with juices and mussels. Simmer until the shrimp and mussels are warmed through for 3 minutes.  Discard any mussels that do not open.
Just before serving, fold in parsley and basil.
When the pasta is done, drain it - saving 1/3 cup of the pasta water.  Put the pasta in a BIG pasta bowl; add the reserved water back and about 1/2 cup of the sauce. Toss
Serve family style pouring sauce

Submitter: 
Mama Smith
Description: 
Winter if the perfect time for family and comfort food.  This recipe is easy,quick, low calorie and has a kick.  Invite friends and family into the kitchen while cook to make it a festive occasion.  We love seafood but chicken can be substituted if seafood is  not to your liking.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
