URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63026054/sweet-potato-and-pecan-pie/
Title:
Sweet Potato and Pecan Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1.5 lbs sweet potatoes
2 large eggs
1/3 cup packed brown sugar
3 Tbsp maple syurp
1/2 tsp salt
1/2 tsp ground cinnamon
1/2 tsp nutmeg
3/4 cup heavy cream
1 pie crust
3 Tbsp butter
1/2 cup packed brown sugar
1 Tbsp heavy cream
1 cup unbroken half pecans.

Directions:
1. Make or defrost the pie crust. If you are using a store bought crust you do not need to pre-bake it, just prick it it all over the bottom with a fork before adding the pie filling.
2. Make the sweet potato puree. Peel and cut the sweet potatoes into 1-2 inch chunks.  Place in a large sauce pan and cover with water. Simmer for 15 minutes or until the pieces are soft when poked with a fork. drain and puree in a food processor until smooth. You may need to add back a little water to get a smooth consistency. Let cool completely before using.
3. Prepare the pie.  Preheat oven to 375. Place rack on the bottom of the oven. In a large bowl mix together the eggs, 1/3 cup brown sugar, and maple syurp until smooth. Add the sweet potato puree, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg, and 3/4 cup cream. Mix completely and place in pie crust.
4. Bake for 50 minutes, tent the edges of the crust for a lighter crust. Remove from oven and cool on a rack for one hour then transfer to the refrigerator and chill completely.
5. Make the pecan topping. Place the pecans on the pie in a decorative pattern. Melt 3 Tbsp butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add 1/2 cup brown sugar and cook, stirring until smooth. Add the 1 Tbsp Heavy cream and mix. Let cool one minute exactly and pour over the pecans. Cool 30 minutes and serve!

Submitter: 
Robert Loughrey
Description: 
A mix of two great pies. Buy yams rather than sweet potatoes if you prefer a creamier pie!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
