URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63024529/chorizo-enchilada-pie/
Title:
Chorizo Enchilada Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/757942.jpg
Ingredients:
1 lb chorizo sausage
1 medium onion, chopped
1 clove garlic, chopped
1 can kidney or pinto beans, drained
1/2 tsp ground cumin
1/2 tsp ground coriander
1/2 tsp salt
1/3 cup light sour cream
1/3 cup salsa verde (buy or make your own)
1 cup shredded cheddar cheese
9 - 10 corn tortillas

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375.
Remove chorizo from the casings and fry in a medium saute pan until full cooked (5-7 minutes).  Drain as much of the fat from the pan as you can.  Add the onions and garlic and cook over medium heat for another 5 minutes until softened and translucent.  Add drained beans, cumin, coriander, and salt and cook for another 5 minutes.  Remove from heat.  Stir in salsa verde, sour cream and 1/2 cup of the shredded cheese (reserve the rest for the top).  Lightly grease a deep pie plate or casserole.  Layer about 5 tortillas so that they overlap and cover the bottom.  It's OK if the tops stick over the side of the pan.  Add half the meat/bean mixture to the pan and then cover with another layer of tortillas.  Spoon the remaining half of the meat/bean mixture onto the tortillas and sprinkle with the remaining cheese.  Bake in a preheated oven at 375 degrees (F) for 20 minutes.  Garnish with any or all of the following: sour cream, limes, cilantro, red onion, chopped habaneros or jalapenos and sliced avocados.  The chorizo makes it spicy so taste it before you add more heat!  If you are serving this to children (or whimpy adults) you could use only 1/2lb of the chorizo and 1/2lb or beef or pork which would make it less spicy.  Sour cream or guacamole also tempers the heat and has a cooling effect.  Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Sanderson32
Description: 
Cheesy, spicy, chorizoey goodness....ooooh boy!  Can't wait to eat this again for dinner.  And maybe breakfast tomorrow!  Very easy to make, perfect for a weeknight dinner!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
