URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63027057/kuragayalu-upma/
Title:
Kuragayalu Upma Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 c gingelly oil (light sesame), veg. oil, or half ghee and half oil
1 tsp urad dal
1 tsp mustard seed
1 tsp cumin seed
8 to 12 curry leaves
2 onions, sliced thin
4 green chili, minced
1/2 T ginger paste
1 tsp garlic, minced
pinch of ground cloves (scant 1/8 tsp)
pinch of turmeric (scant 1/8 tsp)
2 tsp salt
3 to 4 paste type tomatoes, diced, or one 14-15 oz can crushed or diced tomatoes
1/4c carrots, matchstick cut or diced
1/4c diced potatoes
1/4c peas  (or other combination of veggies to taste)
2 c hot water
1 1/3 c cream of wheat (semolina, rava) - NOT the instant sort
2/3 c plain yoghurt or curd (homemade yoghurt)
coriander leaves, chopped, to taste
1 T lime juice

Directions:
Measure spices out into separate bowls as follows:
urad dal
cumin seed
mustard seed
curry leaves, minced
(spice paste) ginger, garlic, minced chilis, cloves, turmeric, and salt
Prepare all other ingredients as per recipe and set aside separately
Heat oil in a deep fry pan
add urad dal; when it just begins to brown, add the cumin seeds; when it just begins to brown as well, add mustard seeds.  These should start to pop within a few seconds; if not, turn the heat up slightly until they do.
Immediately add the minced curry leaves; let fry for 2-3 seconds and then add the onion and the spice paste
Stir well to mix, then reduce heat to med-low, cover, and let cook about 5 mins.
Add the mixed veggies and the tomato.
When the veggies are beginning to cook but not soft yet, add the cream of wheat and stir well.
Add the hot water, and then the yoghurt, stirring well.
Cook for about 5 minutes, until the water is absorbed.  Add small amounts of water if necessary; mixture should cook up moist, but not water-logged and mooshy.
Add chopped coriander and lime juice.
Serve.

Submitter: 
KitchenBarbarian
Description: 
A Hyderabadi version of Upma
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
