URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63028646/panko-latkes-potato-pancake-crisps/
Title:
PANKO LATKES (POTATO PANCAKE CRISPS) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and grated (about 2 pounds)
1 tablespoon salt
1 to 1 1/2 teaspoon white pepper
4 tablespoons finely chopped chives, or more to taste (divided use)
2 eggs
2 tablespoons pastry flour (or substitute 1 tablespoon AP flour + 1 tablespoon cake flour)
3 cups panko breadcrumbs (extra crispy)
1 cup sour cream
1 cup canola oil

Directions:
1.	Wash, peel and (medium) grate Yukon gold potatoes. Squeeze and drain excess potato liquid once grated.
2.	Add salt, white pepper, and 3 tablespoons of finely chopped chives. In a separate bowl beat 2 eggs till frothy.
3.	Add eggs to potato mixture. Add in flour and mix thoroughly. Form into patties as noted below and cover with the panko breadcrumbs so you no longer see the potato.
4.	Before you begin the frying process, mix the sour cream together with another tablespoon (or more to taste if you wish) of the finely chopped chives and refrigerate.
5.	Using a large skillet, heat oil which should cover the bottom of skillet and 1/2 way up the sides of the patties. Test first by dropping a teaspoon of mixture into hot oil. It should quickly fry but not so hot it burns (just like when making falafels). The secret is getting the oil to the correct frying temperature so as to flash cook the potatoes to crispy perfection on the outside but remain soft yet cooked on the inside. When forming the patties they should be about 3 inches wide and 1/2 inch thick. Once you've cooked the potato pancakes serve hot immediately along with the cold sour cream & chive mixture. Of course if you prefer you can go with the sour cream and applesauce omiting the chives, but I always prefer savory vs. sweet. My Italian partner Louis (originally from Brooklyn) on the other hand prefers ketchup since he thinks he's eating hashbrowns -- just shaped like a patty!

Submitter: 
James E Mudek
Description: 
Serves 4-6
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
25
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
