URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63024755/no-knead-crusty-white-bread/
Title:
No-Knead Crusty White Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/758004.jpg
Ingredients:
24 ounces lukewarm water (about 105°F Comfortably warm is fine)
2 pounds King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour*
1 tablespoon salt
1 1/2 tablespoons instant yeas

Directions:
The flour/liquid ratio is important in this recipe. Measure flour by weight.
Combine all of the ingredients in a large (6-quart), food-safe plastic bucket.
Mix and stir everything together to make a very sticky, rough dough -- stir with a big spoon till everything is combined.
Let the dough rise at room temperature for 2 hours. Refrigerate it for at least 2 hours (up to about 7 days). (Can skip the room-temperature rise, and stick it right into the fridge). The longer you keep it in the fridge, the tangier it'll get; 7 days = sourdough.
When you're ready to make bread, sprinkle the top of the dough with flour. Grease your hands, and pull off a hunk the size of a softball.
Plop the sticky dough onto a floured work surface, and round it into a ball, or a longer log. Place the dough on a piece of parchment (if you're going to use a baking stone); or onto a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet. Sift a light coating of flour over the top.
Let the dough rise for about 45 to 60 minutes. Preheat your oven (and baking stone) to 450°F while the dough rests. Place a shallow metal or cast iron pan on the lowest oven rack, and have 1 cup of hot water ready to go.
Use sharp knife, slash the bread 2 or 3 times, 1/2" deep.
Place the bread in the oven, Pour the 1C hot water into pan.
Bake the bread for 25 to 35 minutes, until it's a deep, golden brown.
Remove the bread from the oven, and cool it on a rack. Store leftover bread in a plastic bag at room temperature.
Yield: 3 or 4 loaves, depending on size.

Submitter: 
Caroline Ashwood
Description: 
The most basic of all no-knead loaves, this is a wonderful way to get into yeast-bread baking. The easy stir-together dough rests in your refrigerator, developing flavor all the time, till you're ready to bake. About 90 minutes before you want to serve bread, grab a handful of dough, shape it, let it rise, then bake for 30 minutes. The result? Incredible, crusty artisan-style bread. If you're a first-time bread-baker, you'll never believe this bread came out of your own oven. if you're a seasoned yeastie, you'll love this recipe's simplicity.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 mins. to 10 mins
Ready in:
4 hrs 35 mins. to 7 d
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
