URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63028494/schwenkbraten-pork-steaks/
Title:
Schwenkbraten (Pork Steaks) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/886731.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound boneless pork sirloin, cut into 1 inch steaks, about 4 ounces each.  This is the preferred cut.
Marinade:
1/4 cup oil
5 large onions, cut into thin rings
4 cloves garlic, crushed
Spice Mixture:
1 tablespoon German mustard
1 tablespoon each: thyme, oregano, curry, paprika, cayenne pepper, pepper
1 can dark beer

Directions:
Slice and mash the onions a bit to release flavor.
Assemble all the ingredients for the marinade and spice mixture together in a bowl.
Place half of the mixture on the bottom of glass dish and then place the steaks on top.  Push the steaks into the onions, so it makes good contact.
Put the other half on top and push them into the meat.
Cover and refrigerate for at least 24 hours.
When ready to grill, remove the pork steaks from the refrigerator and let them come to room temperature.
Remove the onions and wrap them in a foil pouch.
Moisten the steaks with a little of the beer.
In the meantime, prepare your fire.
The wood should be brought to hot coals.  Oil your grill surface before placing the meat onto the grill.
Grill the pork steaks slowly over the hot coals for 10-15 minutes on each side (depending on how you like the steaks).  If using pork loin, 5 minutes is probable plenty.  You want to be careful because pork loin gets tough and dries easy.
Place the pouch of onions on a cooler side of the grill to cook.
Baste the steaks as they are cooking with the dark beer.
When done serve on a crusty roll with some of the onions and choice of mayonnaise and German mustard.

Submitter: 
Linda Ahrens
Description: 
Traditionally these pork steaks are cooked on a swinging grill over beechwood coals.  You can use a standard BBQ grill and use soaked wood chips.  Serve with Kartoffelsalat, Gurkensalat, Cole Slaw, or a nice green salad with vegetables.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
24 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
