URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63036500/yummy-bacon-gorgonzola-linguine/
Title:
Yummy Bacon & Gorgonzola Linguine Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/762314.jpg
Ingredients:
200grams of whole wheat linguine pasta
6 strips of bacon
2 bonesless skinless chicken breasts, filleted
2 3/4 cups (approx 625ml)of Hunt's Thick & Rich Tomato sauce
1/3 cup of light sour cream
1/3 cup light cream cheese
1/2 cup of crumbled gorgonzola
1 tbsp tomato paste
1 medium size yellow onion, diced
5 cloves of garlic, minced
2 bay leaves
1 tbsp Italian seasoning
1/2 tsp of chili pepper flakes
salt and pepper to taste
optional: Parmesan & chopped parsley for garnish

Directions:
Heat a large skillet to high heat. Add bacon and cook until desired consistency. Set aside on papertowel and crumble the bacon once it has cooled.
In the same skillet, reduce the heat to medium and pour off some excess fat. Place chicken in the skillet, salt and pepper each side, and cook on both sides for approximately 5-6 minutes until the chicken is cooked through. Set aside on a plate and shred the chicken.
In the same skillet add the chopped onions and garlic and cook until they soften.
In the meantime add water to a large pot and set heat to high. Once boiling, add the linguine and cook according to box instructions - approx 9-10 minutes.
Add tomato paste to the onions and garlic and stir. Now add the tomato sauce, sour cream, cream cheese, bay leaves, Italian seasoning, chili pepper flakes and salt and pepper to taste. Combine the mixture well until the cheese has melted through and then add the chicken & bacon.
Turn heat to a low simmer. Remove bay leaves before mixing with pasta.
Drain pasta and mix it with the sauce until well combined. Now add the gorgonzola and mix until melted.
Serve with parmesan or parsley for garnish.

Submitter: 
Raquel Teixeira
Description: 
Salty smokey bacon combined with the rich gorgonzola makes this an ultimate winter comfort food.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
