URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63037664/charlotte-russe-with-raspberry-sauce/
Title:
Charlotte Russe with Raspberry Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/762644.jpg
Ingredients:
2 Packages of Ladyfingers, split
2 packages unflavored gelatin
3/4 cup of sugar
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 cups milk
2 slightly beaten egg yolks
1 cup dairy sour cream
2 teaspoons vanilla or almond extract
4 egg whites
2 cups of whipped whipping cream
Topping
2 (10 oz.) packages of frozen red raspberries
1/2 cup sugar
4 tsp cornstarch

Directions:
Line the sides of a cheese cake pan with split ladyfingers, rounded sides out to pan. Place remaining lady fingers  spoke fashion on bottom of pan. Trim as necessary to fit between spokes until bottom of pan is covered.
In medium saucepan, combine gelatin, 3/4 cup sugar and salt.  Stir in yolks and milk. Cook while stirring with whip over medium heat until mixture coats metal spoon, about 10 minutes. Do not boil. Remove from heat; gradually stir in sour cream; add vanilla or almond extract. Chill until mixture mounds slightly.
Beat egg whites until stiff peaks form.  Fold in gelatin mixture. Fold in whip cream to gelatin mixture. Spoon into ladyfinger lined pan. Chill for 3 hours.
Raspberry sauce:
Thaw berries, drain; reserving 1/2 cup syrup.  In saucepan combine the 1/2 cup sugar and cornstarch. Stir in reserved syrup; cook at medium heat and stir until thickened and bubbly. Stir and cook 2 minutes more.  Cool slightly; stir in berries and chill.
To serve, remove sides of pan.  Pour some sauce on top of Russe and pass remaining sauce.

Submitter: 
Sherry L Fraser
Description: 
A decadent dessert that makes an elegant statement.  The recipe was taught to me by Tonya, a Russian baker, who as a young girl survived the German Concentration camp. The Charlotte Russe is an old world recipe that has roots in Russia, Germany, Poland and other European Countries. This was one of the most requested desserts at The Wausau Club in Wausau, Wisconsin.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
