URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63037763/macarons/
Title:
Macarons Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/762692.jpg
Ingredients:
1 2/3C icing sugar
1 1/3C almond flour (almond meal)
4 Extra large eggs (whites only)
1/4C bakers or ultrafine sugar
1/8Tsp salt

Directions:
Separate egg whites into a metal bowl, store in fridge overnight covered loosely with papertowel,  take out 2 hours before using to allow to come to room temperature.
Preheat the oven to 280 degrees.
Whisk together confectioners' sugar and almond flour.  Whip egg whites with salt on medium speed until foamy. Increase speed to high and gradually add castor sugar. Continue to whip until stiff glossy peaks form.
With a rubber spatula, gently fold in the icing sugar mixture until completely incorporated.
Line baking sheets with parchment paper; set aside.
Fit a pastry bag with a 3/8-inch #4 round tip, and fill with batter.
Pipe 1-inch disks onto prepared baking sheets, leaving 2 inches between cookies. The batter will spread a little. Smack the tray on the counter a couple times to get air bubbles to the top.  Let stand at room temperature until dry, and a soft skin forms on the tops of the macarons and the shiny surface turns dull, about 15 minutes.
Bake, with the door of the oven slightly ajar, until the surface of the macarons is completely dry, about 15 minutes. Remove baking sheet to a wire rack and let the macarons cool completely on the baking sheet. Gently peel off the parchment. Their tops are easily crushed, so take care when removing the macarons from the parchment. Fill with desired center (butter cream, chocolate ganache, raspberry jam, ect...)
Put in Fridge for minimum 2hours, preferably overnight to allow center to soften shells.

Submitter: 
Deegan
Description: 
Macaron is the french word for Macaroon, but are never the coconut based cookie.  Macaron are one of the most amazing pastries with hundreds of flavours and fillings.  

Macarons are made from almond flour and meringue, with even the pros claiming to failure on a regular basis. After going through dozens of recipes and trials, this is the most reliable macaron recipe i could come up with.  You could get lighter using the italian meringue method, but it's less dependable.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
24 h
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
