URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63039151/pork-with-fried-rice-and-vegetable-casserole/
Title:
Pork With Fried Rice and Vegetable Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Rice ( use as much rice as you like - I make a huge pot of it and only use part of it in the casserole, so that we have a bucket full to add to it because my kids love rice) The recipe calls for:
1 3/4 c. water
1 1/2 c. rice
Bring the water to a boil. Remove from heat and stir in rice, cover and let sit
1 lb bacon, fried and drained crispy, save drippings.
2 beaten eggs, 2 Tbsp water, beat in a bowl.
1/3 C. Diced green onion (regular onion works as well if you don't have green onion) You will cook this in some bacon drippings later.
1 LB. Pork ( chops or steaks). You want the added fat so lean pork like loin isn't good. You need to cut it into cubes or smaller pieces.
2 cans varied vegetables ( I use 1 can of corn and 1 can of green beans)
3 Tbsp soy sauce
Extra soy sauce
Drakes Crispy Fry Mix (optional and as needed)

Directions:
To minimize my prep time I cook as follows:
1. Fry the bacon in a skillet in one pan.
2. Start the rice in a pot, and cook it. Set aside, covered.
3. Beat the eggs with the water and when the bacon is done, cook it flat in 2 TBSP of bacon drippings( or close) until hard and cut into slices. Set aside on a plate.
4. Saute the onion in the remaining grease and drop over the eggs.
5. Mix the rice, onion, eggs, and 3 Tbsp soy sauce and turn into a casserole dish. Add 2 cans of vegetables (drained).
6. Shake the pork bites in the Drakes Crispy Fry Mix (if not using Drakes, leave them plain)
7. Fry the pork bits in the bacon.
8. Drop the pork over the rice in the casserole, then add the crumpled bacon over top of it.
9. Toss it in a 350 degree oven for 30 minutes and enjoy with extra soy sauce.

Submitter: 
Kymmie
Description: 
Bites of Pork with rice and vegetables. It takes a while,but it is truly delicious! We buy any cut of pork when on sale and freeze it, this is a way that we can cook it where it is delicious and (sorta)healthy too.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
longer than desired
Ready in:
whenever you want :)
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
