URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63030847/peanut-butter-addicts-pie/
Title:
Peanut Butter Addict's Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/760381.jpg
Ingredients:
24 Oreo cookies
4oz (1/2 tub) Cool Whip
4oz cream cheese
1 1/4 cups confectioners' sugar
3/4 cup peanut butter, divided
2 Tbsp whole milk
1/2 cup unsalted butter, melted, divided
1/2 cup graham cracker crumbs
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract

Directions:
Crust: Using a food processor, crush the Oreo cookies until they begin to resemble coarse-ground coffee. (This can also be done by putting the cookies into a gallon ziplock and crushing with a rolling pin, you just won't get the smallest pieces.) Pour the cookies into a medium bowl, add the melted butter and mix well. Press the mixture into a 9" or 10" pie pan, making sure to go up the sides. Try your best to get the crust an even thickness all the way around, but it doesn't need to be perfect. Place crust in the refrigerator for about 1 hour, until firm.
Reese's Layer: Combine graham cracker crumbs, sugar and peanut butter in a large bowl and mix well. Blend in melted butter until well combined. Mixture should be smooth but crumbly. On a sheet of wax paper, flatten peanut butter mixture into a 7-8” circle. Place mixture into Oreo cookie pie crust and gently press into place with fingers.
Cream Pie Layer: In a large bowl combine the peanut butter, sugar, milk, vanilla and cream cheese. Mix thoroughly with a hand mixer. Gently fold in Cool Whip; pour mixture on top of Reese's layer and drizzle with Reese’s Magic Shell topping and melted peanut butter. Place pie in the freezer for at least 2 hours.
Allow pie to thaw slightly before serving.

Submitter: 
Jenni
Description: 
I decided that for Thanksgiving I was going to make the best Peanut Butter Pie ever for my brother and his girlfriend. I did a lot of research, looking for the perfect recipe, but nothing was quite what I wanted. I ended up taking the parts I wanted from each recipe I liked, and combined them into the ultimate PB Pie. Everyone who has tried this pie says it's amazing!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
