URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63033611/rum-raisin-bread/
Title:
Rum-Raisin Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons (1 ounce) rum
1/2 cup (3 ounces) raisins (more is better, but it's your call)
3/4 cup (6 ounces) milk
2 tablespoons (1 ounce) unsalted butter
1/2 teaspoon rum extract
1 large egg
1 tablespoon brown sugar
3 cups All-Purpose Flour
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoons instant yeast
Rum Glaze
1/2 cup confectioners' sugar, strained
1 to 2 tablespoons milk
1/4 teaspoons butter-rum flavor

Directions:
For the bread:
Combine the rum and raisins in a small bowl and set aside to soak for 30 minutes.
Place the remaining ingredients into the bucket of your bread machine in the order listed. Select the dough cycle; press start.
When the machine beeps for additions, add the raisins and any remaining rum. Check the consistency of the dough, adjusting it with a tablespoon more water or flour if necessary to make a smooth ball of dough. Let the machine complete its cycle.
To make in a mixer
Soak the raisins as described above. Combine the remaining dough ingredients in a large mixing bowl. Mix until a smooth dough forms, add the raisins and any leftover rum, then knead with a dough hook for 6 to 8 minutes. Cover and let rise for 1 hour.
After the dough has had its first rise, divide it into thirds and fold each piece over on itself so the cut edge is inside the ball of dough. Cover and let the dough rest for 10 minutes.
On a lightly floured surface, roll each piece of dough into a 12" rope. Braid three pieces together.
Cover with greased plastic and let the braid rise for 30-45 minutes. Preheat the oven to 375. Brush the top with egg wash.  Bake for 30-45 minutes.  Remove from the oven and cool completely before glazing.

Submitter: 
Dale Tadlock
Description: 
from The Baking Sheet, Holiday 2011
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
