URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63039035/panda-express-orange-flavored-chicken/
Title:
Panda Express Orange Flavored Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/763058.jpg
Ingredients:
1 lb boneless, skinless chicken breasts
1 egg white
1 tsp salt
1 tsp sugar
ORANGE SAUCE
1 cup water
1/2 cup ketchup
1/2 cup sugar
2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar
1 tbsp soy sauce
1 tbsp plus 1 tsp cornstarch
2 tsp sesame oil
2 tbsp vegetable oil
1 tbsp grated orange zest
2 tbsp chopped green onions
4 cups vegetable oil for deep frying
1 cup cornstarch

Directions:
1. Cut the chicken breast into 1/2 inch cubes, set aside
2. Combine the egg white, salt, and sugar in a bowl and stir vigorously until the ingredients are thoroughly mixed. Add the chicken cubes to the egg white mixture and stir to coat well.
3. To make the orange sauce, combine the water, ketchup, sugar, vinegar, soy sauce, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon cornstarch, and sesame oil, stir and set aside. Place pot over high heat. When the pot is hot, add the 2 tablespoons of vegetable oil and heat. Add the orange zest and green onions and cook, stirring, for about 20 seconds, taking care not to burn the orange zest.
4. Pour the combined sauce ingredients into the pot and cook over medium heat, stirring frequently, until the sauce has thickened, 12-15 minutes.
5. Preheat the 4 cups oil to 350 in a deep fryer.
6. Meanwhile, put the coated chicken in a resealable plastic bag containing the 1 cup cornstarch. Shake the chicken well for 20 seconds, until the chicken is covered with the cornstarch. Shake off all excess cornstarch and deep-fry the chicken in the hot oil until golden-brown, about 2.5 minutes. Remove the chicken from the oil with a slotted spoon, drain well on paper towels, and set aside. Add the fried chicken to the pot with the hot orange sauce, stir for about 30 seconds. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Erica Maynard Kenney
Description: 
Tender, juicy cubed chicken, lightly battered and deep-fried, served with a sweet and tangy orange sauce with green onions, delicious with steamed rice.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
