URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63035102/red-velvet-dream-mini-cakes/
Title:
Red Velvet Dream Mini Cakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/769497.jpg
Ingredients:
1 box Duncan Hines Red Velvet cake mix
CHEESECAKE:
12 ounces cream cheese, softened
3/4 cup granulated sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla
2 eggs, separated
CREAM CHEESE BUTTER CREAM FROSTING:
1/2 cup butter, softened
1/4 cup shortening
8 ounces cream cheese, softened
7 cups powdered sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla
dash of salt
2 tablespoon milk
VANILLA WHIPPED CREAM:
2 cups whipping cream
3 tablespoons instant vanilla pudding

Directions:
Grease and flour six mini cheesecake pans. Mix the cake mix as directed on the packaging and divide into six 4" mini cheesecake pans. Bake until done about 25 minutes. Set aside to cool. Divide the eggs into two bowls. Whip the egg whites until soft peaks form. In a large bowl cream together the cream cheese and sugar. Add the vanilla and egg yolks. Mix on low speed until combined. Fold in the egg whites. Line the bottom of the mini cheesecake pans with parchment paper. Divide the cheesecake batter between the six mini cheesecake pans. Bake until done about 25 minutes. Once cooled place the cheesecakes in the freezer. While the cheesecakes are freezing make the butter cream and the vanilla whipped cream. Take a large knife and cut the red velvet cakes in half. On a platter place one round of red velvet cake top with a light layer of cream cheese frosting and top with a layer of cheesecake and top with another layer of red velvet cake. Continue this process until you have assembled all of the mini cakes. I used a star tip and a cake decorating bag to frost the sides of the cakes and topped each cake with vanilla whipped cream rosettes.

Submitter: 
Angela Welch
Description: 
I created this cake for Christmas. My family loves Red Velvet cake and cheesecake so I decided to combine the two with my daughters favorite cream cheese butter cream.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
5 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
