URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63031856/kaf-challah/
Title:
KAF Challah Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon instant yeast
1/2 cup (3 1/2 oz) sugar
6 1/2 cups (1 lb 11 5/8) All-Purpose or Bread Flour
1 tablespoon coarse Kosher salt OR 2 teaspoons table salt
1 1/4 cups (10 ounces) lukewarm water
1/4 cup (1 3/4 ounces) vegetable oil
4 large eggs
1 egg yolk beaten with water or egg substitute for brushing

Directions:
To make in a mixer
Combine the yeast, sugar, 6 cups of flour, and the salt in the bowl of a large stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and mix thoroughly combined.  Turn the mixer to speed 2.
Combine the water, oil, and 4 whole eggs, and pour into the mixing bowl. Mix until it begins to pull away from the sides of the bowl. Replace the paddle with the dough hook and continue to knead for 10 minutes on speed 2. If it's sticky, add some of the remaining flour 1 tablespoon at a time.  If it's too dry, drizzle in additional warm water by the teaspoon until it's the right texture.  Continue kneading for 10 minutes.
Adjust the dough's consistency with flour or water as needed. When the dough is smooth and elastic, turn into a lightly oiled bowl, turn over and cover with sprayed plastic wrap. Put in a warm place, and let rise about an hour.
To make in a bread machine
Put the ingredients in the order listed in your machine manual. (Keep 1/2 cup in reserve)  Hit start on dough cycle.  Once the dough has come together, check consistency.  Add water or flour as needed.  Allow machine to complete its cycle.
Second rise
After the dough's first rise, deflate it, gather into a ball again, and allow to rise for another 1 or 2 hours, until doubled in bulk-1 Do not let it over-rise.
To shape the dough
After the second rise, turn onto a lightly floured board, divide into three equal parts and cover with an upside-down bowl. Working with one piece of dough at a time, divide each into thirds and roll each into a 10 to 12 inch strip. Braid, pinching one end together leaving the other separated.
Cover with sprayed plastic wrap, let rise again until almost doubled (about 25 minutes). Preheat the oven to 350.
Brush the risen dough loaves with egg wash and bake for 30

Submitter: 
Dale Tadlock
Description: 
This challah is easy to make and always a crowd-pleaser!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
