URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63035363/to-die-for-oreo-cake-pops/
Title:
To die for Oreo cake pops! Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 package of Oreos, regular or doubled stuff
1 8oz package of cream cheese softened
1/2 a jar of marshmallow fluff
1 Tablespoon  shortening
Candy coating like bark or melts found in craft stores (1 pack should be enough)
Lollipop or popsicle sticks

Directions:
1. Line a sheet pan with parchment paper. The pan must be able to fit in freezer.
2. If you have a good size food processor, dump all the Oreos in and pulse until fine, like breadcrumbs. if you dont have a food processor, place in plastic bag and completely crush until breadcrumb like texture.
3. Add the cream cheese and fluff and mix thoroughly.
4. Using a small cookie scoop or tablespoon, roll into walnut sized balls. Place them on the prepared pan and freeze for 5 minutes.
5. While the balls are freezing, melt candy coating, then add shortening. Put the melted coating into a large coffee mug to make it easier to completely dip the pops
6. After five minutes, take out balls from freezer. Dip each lollipop stick 1/4 inch into melted coating then push through the ball halfway, making sure not to go completely through the ball. Freeze again for 5 minutes on sheet pan. this allows the candy to harden so the balls do not fall off the sticks
7. When the candy has hardened, dip each prepared pop into the melted candy completeley, covering the entire pop. Place on sheet pan or into mini muffin liners.(if you do not want flat tops stand the dipped pops into styrofoam.)
8. Refrigerate until hard, around ten minutes or so.
9. Enjoy

Submitter: 
Dee Dee
Description: 
I made this for the first time for my cookie baskets that we give as holiday gifts. They are so good, my husband sneaked a few out of people's baskets before giving them out. The pops taste like they came out of a very fancy bakery, but better and far less expensive.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
30
Nutritional Facts:
NA
