URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63043815/lighterfresher-chicken-alfredo-a-la-chef-john/
Title:
Lighter/Fresher Chicken Alfredo a la Chef John Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound uncooked linguine
2 boneless chicken breast halves,
2 cups chicken broth
2 teaspoons garlic
2 egg yolks
2 teaspoons fresh parsley divided
2 C. freshly grated Reggiano Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Begin a large stock pot of hot water to boil.
Meanwhile, in a large saucepan over medium-low heat warm chicken stock, add garlic, add chicken breasts (whole) and poach for 5 to 10 minutes per side. Let stand for 15 minutes off heat.
Remove chicken breasts, continue cooking stock until reduced to 1 Cup. When chicken is cool enough to handle, slice into thick slices or cube. set aside.
Water should be about boiling, add pasta. Set timer for 1 minute less than package directs.
Temper egg yolks by adding a tablespoon of stock at a time, whisking steadily for 3 or 4 tablespoons. To reduced stock, add tempered egg yolk, 3/4 heavy cream, all of garlic, 1 t parsley, and 1 Cup cheese, stir until all is incorporated (still off heat).
When pasta is done, drain quickly and put back into hot pot from which it came. Add stock/cream mixture and toss. Put on lid and let sit for 1 or 2 minutes. Add the second cup of cheese and let sit an additional minute. Garnish with additional parsley and serve.
In a large pot cook fettuccini or linguini pasta in boiling salted water one minute less than package directions. Drain well.
mushrooms, Alfredo sauce, frozen vegetables, and milk. Cook until heated through.
Serve warm Alfredo sauce over cooked fettuccini or linguini noodles.

Submitter: 
glypnirsgirl
Description: 
When you need quick and creamy comfort, this is a great recipe.Modified from: Lighter/Fresher Chicken Alfredo
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m active
Ready in:
45
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
