URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63044522/keons-cajun-meat-pies/
Title:
Keon's Cajun Meat Pies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/764680.jpg
Ingredients:
2 lbs. ground beef (80/20 recommended)
1 green bell pepper, chopped
2 garlic gloves, smashed
1/2 yellow onion, chopped
1 bunch green onions, chopped
Butter, 2 T.
Black Pepper, 2 t.
Sea Salt, 2 t.
Cajun Seasoning, 2 t.
Tabasco, to taste
Pie Crusts (2 boxes)(or make your own pie crust)

Directions:
First, if you're using store-bought pie crust, make sure they're at room temperature. Set aside. In a large cast iron skillet, begin browning the ground beef. While the meat is browning, chop the bell pepper, onion & green onion. In a separate small skillet add butter and brown the vegetables. Add the garlic, cajun seasoning, tabasco, black pepper & salt to the ground beef mixture. When the vegetables are browned, add them to the beef mixture. Once the meat is completely browned throughout, place the mixture in a bowl and place in refrigerator to cool.
The meat mixture should be cool enough so it's just a little warm to the touch (not hot). To prepare the dough, cut the pie dough into pie-shaped wedged depending on how large you'd like your meat pies to be. I can usually make 6 meat pies out of one pie crust (2 dough circles) since I cut each dough circle into thirds (and there are 2 dough circles per box).
Spoon the meat mixture onto the bottom piece of pie dough. Overstuffed is better than not enough meat mixture. Then place the top piece of pie dough on the meat mixture and gently push down to seal the edges. Use a fork and gently press all the way around the meat pie, just as you would on a regular pie.
Carefully place the meat pies on an ungreased cookie sheet and back at 350 degrees until nicely browned.
I serve these with a green vegetable (like roasted baby brussel sprouts) and also serve them with a salsa or some type of hot sauce to drizzle on top. Here's a great tip: Mix your favorite salsa with sour cream to make a delicious creamy topping. A dollop on top of one of the meat pies is absolutely delicious! Enjoy!

Submitter: 
KEON ROBERTSON
Description: 
This is my take on Louisiana Meat pies, similar to those served at the Louisiana State Fair.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 mins.
Ready in:
1 h, 20 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
