URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63047058/davids-espresso-chocolate-chip-cookies/
Title:
David's Espresso Chocolate Chip Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/787216.jpg
Ingredients:
2 2/3 cups (12 7/8 ounces, 347 grams) unbleached all-purpose flour (spoon into meauring cup and level to top rim)
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/3 cup semisweet chocolate chips, melted then cooled a bit
1/2 Tbsp espresso powder dissolved in 1Tbs Kahlua* (*or water)
3/4 cup sugar
3/4 cup packed dark brown sugar
2 sticks (1 cup) unsalted butter (can be cold from refrigerator - cut each stick into tablespoon size pieces if cold)
2 large eggs, can be cold from refrigerator
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
2 cups semisweet chocolate chips

Directions:
Position the oven rack in the middle of the oven. Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Use two ungreased noninsulated cookie sheets or sheet pans. Or use parchment paper.
Combine flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, & cinnamon in a medium bowl; set aside.
Hand mixer instructions:  Put butter in lg bowl, use a hand mixer on low speed to beat the butter until softened. Add sugars and cream on low until well combined. The butter/sugar will look a bit creamy and a bit shaggy. Add melted chocolate and Kahlua/espresso mixture.  Keep mixer on low and add the eggs and vanilla. Mix until incorporated.
Or
Stand mixer instructions:  [in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, beat the butter until just softened on low speed. Add the sugars and cream on low until just combined. Do not beat until light and fluffy.
Add in the flour mixture and chocolate chips: You can either fold the ingredients in by hand or mix carefully with a stand mixer or hand mixer(may be too thick for hand mixer).
Mix by Hand: Remove the bowl from the stand mixer.  Add the flour mixture and fold in with a large rubber spatula. You should have a few whisps of flour showing. Add in choc chips. Fold until just combined. Do not overmix.
Cookie Scoop Method:  Use a cookie scoop to scoop dough onto parchment lined sheets.
OR
Hand form Method:  Roll one tablespoon of the dough into a ball for each cookie, and place the balls about 1 inch apart on an ungreased baking sheet. The dough will spread very little when baked.
Bake for 7 to 11 minutes (about 5 minutes for smaller cookies) until they aand just set and start to show a tiny amount of light brown color on the edges.
Let the cookies cool on the sheet for 2 minutes. Then remove the cookies from the sheet to wire racks to cool comp

Submitter: 
AllieGeekPi
Description: 
Mocha cappuccino chocolate chop cookie that my son loves more than toll house cookies.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
40
Nutritional Facts:
NA
