URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63047029/cranberry-oatmeal-almond-vanilla-chip-cookies/
Title:
Cranberry Oatmeal Almond Vanilla Chip Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 2/3 cups (12 7/8 ounces) unbleached all-purpose flour (spoon into meauring cup and level to top rim)
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
3/4 cup sugar
3/4 cup packed dark brown sugar
2 sticks (1 cup) unsalted butter (can be cold from refrigerator - cut each stick into tablespoon size pieces if cold)
2 large eggs, can be cold from refrigerator
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 cup old fashioned oats
1/2 cuo white chocolate chips
1/2 to 1 cup slivered almonds
1 cup coarsely chopped fresh cranberries

Directions:
1. Position the oven rack in the middle of the oven. Heat oven to 400 degrees F.   Use  two UNGREASED noninsulated cookie sheets or sheet pans. Or use parchment paper.
2. Combine flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, & cinnamon in a medium bowl; set aside.
3. In the bowl:
Putbutter in lg bowl, use a hand mixer on low speed to beat the butter until softened.  Add sugars and cream on low until well combined.  The butter/sugar will look a bit creamy and a bit shaggy.  Keep mixer on low and add the eggs nd vanilla.  Mix until incorporated.
Or
[in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, beat the butter until just softened on low speed. Add the sugars and cream on low until just combined. Do not beat until light and fluffy.]
5. Add in the flour mixture and chocolate chips: You can either fold the ingredients in by hand or mix carefully with a stand mixer or hand mixer(may be too thick for hand mixer).
MIX BY HAND: Remove the bowl from the stand mixer.
Add the flour mixture and fold in with a large rubber spatula. You should have a few whisps of flour showing. Add in oatmeal, nuts, chips and cranberries.  Fold until just combined. Do NOT overmix.
6. Use a cookie scoop to scoop dough onto parchment lined sheets.
OR
[Roll one tablespoon of the dough into a ball for each cookie, and place the balls about 1 inch apart on an ungreased baking sheet. The dough will spread very little when baked.]
7. Bake for 7 to 11 minutes (about 5 minutes for smaller cookies) until they are JUST SET and start to show a tiny amount of light brown color on the edges. Let the cookies cool on the sheet for 2 minutes. Then remove the cookies from the sheet to wire racks to cool completely.

Submitter: 
AllieGeekPi
Description: 
These cookies are a yummy combination or cranberries, almond, oats and white chocolate chips all in a thick chewy base.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.33333349227905
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
15
Number of servings: 
40
Nutritional Facts:
NA
