URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63041279/jambalaya/
Title:
Jambalaya Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 pound chaurice sausage (hot link) (I use andouille if I can find it.)
3 tbsp bacon grease
1/2 pould ham, minced,
1 cup chopped yellow onions
1 cup chopped green onions
1 cup chopped green pepper
3 garlic cloves minced
1 bay leaf
2 cups long-grain rise (washed, drained, uncooked)
2 tbsp tomato paste
2 cups chopped tomatoes (drain and reserve liquid)
1/2 cup chopped celery
1/4 cup chopped parsley
2 tsp salt
2 tsp black pepper
Cayenne to taste
3 cups liquid from oysters and tomatoes (I use seafood bouillon as I never have enough liquid)
3 pounds cleaned raw shrimp
1 quart oysters (drain and reserve liquor)
Hint: have all of this prepared before you start cooking.

Directions:
In a 4-quart heavy pot, saute sausage until firm, and remove with a slotted spoon.  Add bacon grease to drippings and saute ham for 3 minutes.  Add onions, green onions, green pepper, garlic, bay leaf, thyme, and saute for 5 minutes.  Add rice and saute for 3 minutes stirring constantly; add tomato paste, and cook for 3 minutes. Add sausage, tomatoes, celery, parsley, salt, pepper, and liquid. Bring to boil, reduce heat, and cook slowly, covered, stirring occasionally until rices is done. About 15 minutes.
Transfer toa shallow 4-quart backing dish (or can use same pot is if it oven safe) Stir in seafood.  Place uncovered in a pre-headed 350 oven and cook until seafood is done--20 or 30 minutes.  Stir twice while baking using an large fork to fluff rise and ensure seafood is cooking evenly.

Submitter: 
MSLIB5
Description: 
This recipe is modified from one I have made for years from the Plantation Cookbook, published by the Junior League of New Orleans in 1972.  I have used it so many times that the page is falling out of the book, so I am now digitizing it.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
