URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63043379/esther-dunnes-bacon-potato-cake/
Title:
Esther Dunne's Bacon Potato Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/764236.jpg
Ingredients:
8 ounces russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 2-inch pieces
3 tablespoons unsalted Kerrygold butter
2 tablespoons warm milk
1 tablespoon mixed dried herbs, such as tarragon, thyme, and marjoram
2 tablespoons minced fresh flat-leaf parsley
1 1/2 teaspoons ground nutmeg
Salt and freshly ground pepper
2 streaky rashers (traditional Irish bacon), chopped
2 leaves cabbage, finely chopped
All-purpose flour for dredging
1 large egg mixed with 1 tablespoon water
Fresh white breadcrumbs for dredging
Canola oil for frying

Directions:
1. In a large saucepan, cook the potatoes in boiling salted water for 12-15 minutes or until tender. Drain and mash. Re-cover and return to low heat for 2-3 minutes to dry out the potatoes. Remove from the heat, add butter and milk, and stir until smooth. Stir in the dried herbs, parsley, nutmeg, salt, and pepper. Let cool 5-8 minutes.
2. Meanwhile, in a small skillet over medium heat, cook the bacon for 3-4 miuntes on each side, or until crip. With slotted spoon or spatula, transfer to paper towels to drain. Using the same skillet, cook the cabbage for 4-5 minutes, or until wilted. Stir the cabbage into the potatoes, crumble the bacon, and stir until blended. Shape the potato mixture into 4 evenly sized cakes. Put the flour in one shallow dish, the egg wash in another, and the bread crumbs in a third. Lightly dredge each cake in flour, dip in egg wash, then cover with bread crumbs.
3. In a large skillet over medium high heat, heat the oil. Add the cakes and cook for 3-5 minutes on each side, or until browned. Serve immediately, or transfer to a baking sheet and keep warm in a preheated 300 oven.
4. To serve, put a handful of mixed greens in the center of each of 4 salad plates and place 1 potato cake on top.

Submitter: 
Erica Maynard Kenney
Description: 
Bacon Potato Cakes from the Irish Pub Cookbook by Margaret M. Johnson, page 32.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
