URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63043439/taco-bowls-with-guac-a-salsa-salad/
Title:
Taco Bowls with Guac-a-Salsa Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/764251.jpg
Ingredients:
1 sack corn tortilla chips, any brand or color (yellow, blue, red, white) will do
3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided
1 1/2 pounds ground beef
2 jalapeno peppers, seeded and finely chopped
2 medium onions, chopped
3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped
1 tablespoon ground cumin
1 tablespoon chili powder
Coarse salt and black pepper
1 cup water
2 firm Haas avocados
3 plum tomatoes, seeded and chopped
Handful cilantro leaves, chopped
Juice of 1 lemon
2 sacks, 10 ounces, 2 cups each shredded Monterey Jack or sharp Cheddar cheese

Directions:
Lightly crush the chips by popping open the bag and giving the chips a few light whacks with a frying pan – careful that they don't fly out of the sack! Hold the bag loosely at the top with 1 hand while you crush the chips with the other.
Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add extra-virgin olive oil – 2 turns of the pan. Add the beef to the skillet, brown and crumble it, 5 minutes. To the browned meat, add half the jalapeno peppers, 3/4 of the chopped onions and all of the garlic. Season the meat with cumin, chili powder, salt and pepper. Cook together 5 minutes more, then add the water and reduce heat to low. Adjust salt, to taste.
Halve and separate the avocados. Remove pit with a spoon. With the skin in tact, using a small knife, dice the avocado while still in the skin. Scoop out the diced flesh and place in a bowl. Combine tomatoes, remaining onions, jalapenos, and cilantro gently with avocado and dress the salad with the juice of 1 lemon, extra-virgin olive oil, and salt, to your taste.
Layer a 1 or 2 handfuls of chips in soup or chili bowls and top with a handful of cheese. Fill bowls with taco meat and top with more cheese, then mound up some salad on top and serve.

Submitter: 
Erica Maynard Kenney
Description: 
Recipe courtesy Rachael Ray
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
