URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63051923/sylvias-pork-tamales/
Title:
Sylvia's Pork Tamales Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3-4 lb. Pork roast (butt works best)
5 cloves fresh garlic
1 large onion
1 Tbs. salt
1/2 cup lard
1/2 cup flour
1 3 oz. bag California chili pods
1 3 oz. bag New Mexico chili pods
Salt to taste
3 cloves fresh garlic
1 tsp. cumin, ground
1 cup each, meat broth and water
1 8 oz. bag of hojas (corn husks)
1 lb. lard
5 lb. masa
3 tsp. baking powder
1 Tbs. salt
1 cup & more warm pork broth

Directions:
Part 1: Cook all ingredients in large pot with enough water to cover the meat for 3 hours. Discard garlic and onion. Save broth to use in masa and salsa. Drain meat and shred. Add to chili sauce (salsa).
Part 2: Remove seeds and stems from chili pods. Toast slightly in hot pan until aroma is released from chilies.  Rinse chilies and put into pot of boiling water.  Boil for 3 minutes, shut fire off and let soak for 30 minutes. Cool. Drain and add to blender with garlic, salt, cumin and 1 cup each broth and water. You don't want the mixture runny. Melt lard in large pot. Brown flour slightly in hot lard, add chili sauce, stir and mix meat in. Add more salt if needed. For hotter salsa, you can add 1 small pkg. of Hot New Mexico chili powder.
Part 3: Start with 1/2 of the bag of hojas. Remove silk and debris from husks, wash and soak in boiling water for at least 30 minutes (an hour works best). Drain hojas, shake off excess water and put damp towel over top to keep from drying out.
Part 4: In large pan, mix masa,(use your hands), lard, broth (start with 1 cup at a time), baking powder and salt until the mixture is fluffy and that a spoonful of it, dropped into a cup of cold water, will rise to the top.
Select a wide hoja or 2 narrower ones to make one large hoja and spread the hoja with about 2 Tbs. of prepared masa, spreading it to the sides, about 2 inches from the bottom, and 1/4 inch from the top. Put 1-2 Tbs. filling in the center & fold sides of husk together, one over the other. Fold the bottom over the seam side. Steam for 1-2 hrs in a steamer basket, not touching water. Makes 3-4 dozen depending on the size of tamale. Let tamales set for 30 minutes after steaming so they won't stick. The hoja should peel away cleanly.

Submitter: 
mzhelaineous
Description: 
Pork tamales from our friend Sylvia Gonzales.  These are authentic and amazing!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 d
Ready in:
90 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
