URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63057787/emeril-lagasses-turkey-club-casserole/
Title:
Emeril Lagasse's Turkey Club Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8 large eggs
1 cup heavy cream
1 cup whole milk
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon spicy brown mustard
1/4 teaspoon cayenne
1/8 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg
5 tablespoons unsalted butter
Two 1-pound loaves very thinly sliced sandwich bread, preferably Pepperidge Farm
1 recipe Béchamel Sauce
1 pound thinly sliced oven-roasted turkey breast
2 medium tomatoes, cored and thinly sliced
1 pound bacon, cooked until crisp and drained
8 slices thinly sliced honey-glazed ham
8 ounces thinly sliced sharp cheddar cheese
For the Béchamel Sauce:
2 tablespoons unsalted butter
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
2 cups whole milk
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper
Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg

Directions:
In a large mixing bowl, whisk together the eggs, cream, milk, salt, mustard, cayenne, and nutmeg. Set the egg-cream mixture aside while you prepare the sandwiches.
Using a serrated knife, cut the crusts off the bread. Assemble 16 sandwiches by combining the ingredients for each sandwich into his order, from bottom up: 1 slice of bread spread with 1 teaspoon of the béchamel, topped with 1 ounce turkey, 1 slice of tomato, and 1 piece of the bacon (broken to fit the sandwich); another slice of the bread spread with 1 teaspoon of the béchamel, 1/2 ounce of the ham, and 1/2 ounce of cheese; and more piece of the bread spread with 1 teaspoon béchamel (béchamel side down). As the sandwiches are assembled, place 8 of them on the prepared casserole dish. ( 9 x 13 buttered dish)
Repeat with the remaining sandwiches, placing them directly on top of the first layer
When all the sandwiches are positioned in the casserole dish, pour the egg-cream mixture evenly over the top. Place a piece of the parchment or wax paper on top of the casserole and place a second casserole dish on top of the casserole dish on top of the paper to weight the casserole. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 2 hours. The bread should absorb most of the egg mixture
Preheat oven to 350 and remove the casserole from the refrigerate, slice the remaining 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) of butter into 8 pieces, and place one piece on top of each sandwich stack. Bake the casserole, uncovered, until puffed and golden, usually about 40 minutes

Submitter: 
Gina Lee Lafreniere
Description: 
Rachael Ray: Rachael's Daytime Talkshow
home » recipes » Emeril Lagasse's Turkey Club Casserole 
Emeril Lagasse's Turkey Club Casserole 
 Please wait... From Sizzling Skillets by Emeril Lagasse
Pg. 90  
show date 1/10/2012
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30min
Ready in:
3 hrs
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
