URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63057187/red-bean-and-sweet-potato-enchiladas/
Title:
Red Bean and Sweet Potato Enchilada's Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 8 oz can of enchilada sauce or your favorite from this site
1 large sweet potato, peeled and chopped
2 cups chicken broth (reserve liquid after cooking)
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 onion, chopped
1 jalapena pepper, seeded and minced(wear gloves)
2 cloves garlic, minced
4 oz low-fat cream cheese, sortend and cubed
1-2 Tablespoons Taco Seasoning I(from this site)
2 Tablespoons chopped cilantro
2 cans red beans (I like Goya small red beans)
12 corn tortillas
1 cup low fat shredded cheddar
1/2 sliced black olives
1/2 cup green onion, sliced

Directions:
Spray a 7x11 inch glass casserole with non-stick cooking spray. Pour about a 1/4 cup of th enchilada sauce in casserole and spread out. Set aside.
Put chopped sweet potato and broth in medium pot and turn to boil.  Cook for about 10-min. Poke with a fork to check for doneness.
While potatoes are boiling, on medium heat saute onion and jalepena in olive oil in a skillet for 5 mins.  Add garlic and saute for 1 more min.  Remove from heat and set aside.
When potatoes are done remove from heat and with a slotted spoon scoop out all potatoes and set aside.  Return liquid back to burner and boil reducing to about 1 cup of liquid.
Turn heat down to med and add cubes of cream cheese and whisk gently till melted.  Add in taco seasoning and cilantro and stir until heated through.  Remove from heat add potatoes, onion mixture and beans.  Stir to coat.
Preheat oven to 35o.
In a the skillet over med/high heat, heat round corn tortillas for about one min on each side.  I work with two in the pan at once.  Remove one at a time from skillet onto a potholder that you are holding and scoop 1/4 cup of the bean mixture onto heated tortilla. Roll and put in casserole seam side down.  Repeat working quickly as to not burn tortillas.
After all 12 are in the casserole pour the remainging enchilada sauce over them and sprinkle with cheddar.  Bake uncovered for 30 mins.  Remove from oven sprinkle with black olives and green onion and more fresh cilantro if you like and serve with gucamole, refried beans and rice on the side.  They are just great.

Submitter: 
Mary P.
Description: 
This dish is just delicious!  A new flavor twist on a traditional Mexican comfort food. Plus it has lots of fiber!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
35
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
