URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63054276/bread-maker-multi-grain-bread/
Title:
Bread Maker Multi-grain Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/776066.jpg
Ingredients:
½ cup water
2 Tblsp. + 2 tsp. sugar or honey
3 Tblsp.uncooked 7grain or 12 grain porridge cereal
1¼ cups warm water
1¾ tsp. active dry or bread machine rise yeast
¼ cup vegetable oil
1 tsp. salt
2 cups whole wheat flour
2 cups all purpose flour
¼ cup large flake rolled oats
2 Tblsp. coarsely ground unsalted soy nuts
2 Tblsp. raw pumpkin seeds
2 Tblsp. unsalted sunflower seeds
2 Tblsp. millet seeds
2 Tblsp. ground flax seeds

Directions:
1.	Pulse unsalted soy nuts in food processor until coarsely ground.  Measure after grinding.
2.	Bring the ½ cup of water and sugar to a boil in a medium saucepan.  Add the uncooked multi-grain porridge cereal and cook until softened and thick.
3.	Add the water and vegetable oil.  Stir briskly to blend thoroughly.  Pour mixture into bread pan.
4.	In a mixing bowl, blend whole wheat flour, all purpose flour, salt, rolled oats, soy nuts and seeds.  Pour into bread pan on top of liquid mixture.
5.	Make a shallow well in the flour and add the yeast.
6.	Insert bread pan securely into the unit; close lid.  Plug unit into wall outlet.
7.	Select Whole Grain setting and large size loaf (2 lb.) and crust colour.
8.	Press Start button.
9.	The Complete Signal will sound when the bread is done.
10.	Using pot holders, remove bread pan from the unit and carefully remove the loaf from the bread pan.  (Kneading paddle may remain in the bread.  Remove the paddle when the bread has cooled.)
11.	Allow bread to cool on a wire rack until ready to serve (at least 20 minutes.)

Submitter: 
SEAMSTERRIFIC
Description: 
Like multi-grain bread but find it's usually heavy?  This recipe makes a very light whole wheat multi-grain bread that keeps and toasts very well and is also suitable for freezing up to 3 months.  The recipe makes a 2 lb. loaf in a standard bread maker.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
3 hrs. 50 min.
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
