URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63052530/fast-fresh-spring-rolls/
Title:
Fast & Fresh Spring Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 heaping Tbs. each: minced fresh ginger & garlic
1 Tbs. each: sugar and fish sauce
2 Tbs. oil
Ground Black Pepper
1 lb. boneless, skinless chicken breast
1 head nappa cabbage, separated into leaves, ribs removed
1 seedless cucumber, cut crosswise into thirds and then into thin strips
3 peeled and shredded carrots
1 red bell pepper, cut into thin strips
1 handful fresh cilantro sprigs
1 handful fresh mint (optional)
12 to 24 large sheets rice paper

Directions:
Mix ginger, garlic, sugar, fish sauce, oil and several grinds of fresh black pepper into a medium bowl.  Add chicken; toss to coat.  Heat a large non-stick skillet over medium-high heat until it starts to smoke slightly. Add chicken; cook until cooked through and well browned, about 5 minutes.  Cool and cut into thin strips.
Prepare cabbage, cucumber, carrots, pepper, cilantro and mint for assembly.  Fill a medium size bowl with hot water.
Working one at a time, lay a couple of cabbage leaves on a work surface. Top with a few pieces of chicken, followed by a couple strips each of cucumber, red pepper and a bit of shredded carrot. Top with a few cilantro sprigs & some mint if desired.
Dip a sheet of rice paper in the water for about 5 seconds. Lay on work surface, then transfer topped cabbage to lower third of the softened rice paper. Lift bottom of rice paper over filling and roll tightly to form a taut tube. If spring roll is not rolled as tightly as you like, roll it in a second soaked rice paper.
Repeat with remaining rice paper and ingredients. Rolls can be covered with cooking spray coated plastic wrap and refrigerated for several hours prior to assembling. When ready to serve, trim off each spring roll end on the diagonal, then cut into thirds on the diagonal.  Serve with one or both of the following dipping sauces:
HOISIN - PEANUT SAUCE: Mix 1/2 cup hoisin sauce with 1 Tbs. sesame oil and 2 Tbs. peanut butter.
LIME - GINGER SAUCE: Mix 2 Tbs. each fish sauce and lime juice, 1/2 tsp. each ground ginger & red pepper flakes, and 1 Tbs. each of sugar & water.

Submitter: 
mzhelaineous
Description: 
Delicious & quick to fix!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 min.
Ready in:
1 hr. +/-
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
NA
