URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63055848/filling-beanveggie-burger/
Title:
Filling Bean/Veggie Burger Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/768474.jpg
Ingredients:
1 can red kidney beans, washed
1 can fava beans washed AND peeled (then rince off again)
1 can chick peas washed, and peeled (then rince off again)
1 1/2 c-2 cups rolled oats, ground! (you don't have to make it into a total powder but grind it down some esp if you have kids so they don't complain too much)
6 tbsp of ground flaz seed (this is in lieu of any egg)
1 carrot shredded
1 c mushrooms chopped
5-6 cloves of garlic, finely chopped
1/2-1 cup chopped parsley (again do it small if you have picky kids)
1/4 cup chopped celery
1 med onion chopped finely
1 cup green and/or red pepper
1 1/2 tbsp McCormick's seasoning ground
2 tbsp of basil
2 tbsp of oregano
1-2 tsp of salt (to taste since no egg)
1 tsp black pepper
2 tsp of cumin
2 tsp of sorriander, ground
1 yellow squash (wait till you mix the above BEFORE you decide to either use food processer OR shred)
Oil oil as needed for pan

Directions:
After cleaning all your beans, either mash with fork or use food processer to break down so that it's sorta pasty.  Next, add the ground oatmeal and flax seed.  Add all the spices to your mix as well as ALL vegetables except the squash to your mix.  Now, IF it seems dry, use the food processer or a small grinder to chop it up because it gets super wet when you use the machines. If your mix seems a bit dry, just add a tiny bit more ground flax seed and ground oatmeal to it to get it to hold together and shred the squash instead.  Mix everything thoroughly and form into patties.  I have only cooked in a cast-iron pan on the stove with a little olive oil added as needed before adding burgers.  It takes about 2-3 minutes each side on a "3" on my stove but you can certainly raise the heat up but polive oil does tend to burn faster so watch your pan.  From the consistency, I believe they WILL hold up on a grill as well. I left the pan covered to help everything instead cook totally.  Flipping as needed really but most were totally done as I said within 2-3 minutes a side.  The otherside gets crisp and the inside is a bit softer but the flavor was just WAY better than any of the frozen ones.

Submitter: 
DML
Description: 
After reading ALL the veg burger recipes in here, I didnt see one that had everything that I wanted....so I made up my own recipe instead taking ideas from various reviews in all the other recipes! What I ended up is SO SO much better than what we ever have bought frozen! WOW!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h max
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
11
Nutritional Facts:
NA
