URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63056643/oyster-corn-chowder/
Title:
Oyster Corn Chowder Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 pound thick sliced bacon, cut into small dice
1 cup yellow onions, diced
1/2 cup chopped celery, diced
1/2 cup carrot, diced
1/2 cup corn kernels (frozen works great)
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
1/4 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper
3 bay leaves (fresh if you have them in your garden or can find them)
1/2 cup unbleached all-purpose flour
2 cups chicken stock, unsalted
2 cups seafood stock (if you cannot find seafood stock, substitute 1 cup clam juice and 1 cup water...all clam juice will make it too salty and "marine!)
1 cup white potatoes, peeled and diced
1/2 cup half & half
1/4 cup Italian flat leaf parsley (do NOT substitute dried or use curly parsley...texture of curly is wrong)
16 oz. fresh shucked oysters with liquid
1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
1-2 T Italian flat leaf parsley, chopped for garnish

Directions:
Over medium heat, render the bacon in a medium stock pot for approximately 10 minutes but don't allow the bacon to crisp.  Stir in the onions, celery and carrots.  Saute the vegetables until they are soft and translucent.  Stir in the corn.  Add the salt, cayenne and bay leaves.  Saute for another 10 minutes but don't allow the vegetables to brown.  Stir in the flour, cook for 5 minutes, stirring often.  All the chicken and seafood stock and bring to a boil.  Add the potatoes, lower the heat and simmer until the potatoes are just fork tender.  Stir in the cream and parsley.  Simmer for 5 minutes. Remove the bay leaves and discard.  Add the oysters and their juice, along with the Worcestershire sauce.  Simmer for approximately 5 minutes or until the oysters just begin to curl (this will depend on the size of the oysters).  But don't allow them to overcook or they will be tough.  Serve with an additional garnish of chopped flat leaf parsley and a good crunchy baguette for sopping up all the soup!

Submitter: 
Terry Goff Tripp
Description: 
A gift recipe from mintcondition blog!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
1 hr.
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
