URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63057309/cordon-bleu-chicken-rolls/
Title:
Cordon Bleu Chicken Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8 skinless, boneless chicken breasts
8 large slices cooked black forest ham
4 slices Swiss cheese, cut into 1 inch pieces or shredded swiss
salt and pepper to taste
1 teaspoon dijon mustard
1/4 cup melted butter
1/2 cup italian seasoned bread crumbs
1 (10.75 ounce) can  condensed cream of chicken & mushroom soup
1/2 cup sour cream
1 teaspoon lemon juice

Directions:
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Place each chicken breast half between sheets of plastic wrap and pound with a meat mallet to about 1/8 inch thickness. Place ham slice on top of chicken  and then top with swiss cheese on each ham slice. Fold ham, so swiss does not come out and then roll the chicken on top of the ham and cheese. Tuck in ends and fasten with toothpicks. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.
Put 3/4 cup flour in a shallow bowl.
Beat 2-3 eggs with 1-2 teaspoons of dijon mustard in another shallow bowl.
Mix melted butter and breadcrumbs. (You may lightly toast breadcrumbs before rolling onto chicken). Dip each chicken roll in flour, then in the egg mixture, then roll in crumbs, turning to coat thoroughly. Place coated rolls in a lightly greased 9x13 inch baking dish so they are not touching.
Bake at 450 degrees F (200 degrees C) on the bottom rack for 10 minutes to brown the crumbs.  Then, bake 20 -25 minutes at 400 degrees when chicken is golden brown and juices run clear. Serve with cordon bleu sauce, if desired.  Remove toothpicks.
To Make Cordon Bleu Sauce: In a small saucepan mix together the soup, sour cream and lemon juice. Heat over low heat, stirring occasionally, and serve hot over chicken rolls. Makes about 2 cups; 8 servings of 1/4 cup each.

Submitter: 
Lisa Dawes Strachota
Description: 
Breaded chicken stuffed with ham and cheese sounds pretty pedestrian, but it tastes extraordinary.  This recipe includes an easy cream sauce to boot.Modified from: Cordon Bleu Chicken Rolls
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
