URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63061164/cinnamon-streusel-coffee-cake/
Title:
Cinnamon-Streusel Coffee Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
STREUSEL TOPPING & CENTER
1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour
1 cup packed light brown sugar
1 1/4 tsp ground cinnamon
Course salt
1 1/2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces
1 1/2 cups coarsely chopped toasted pecans
CAKE
1 stick unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for pan
2 cups all-purpose flour
1 1/4 tsp baking powder
1/2 tsp baking soda
Coarse salt
1 cup granulated sugar
2 large eggs
1 1/2 tsp vanilla extract
1 cup sour cream
GLAZE
1 cup confectioners' sugar
2 TB whole milk

Directions:
Make the streusel topping: Mix together flour, 3/4 cup brown sugar, 1 tsp cinnamon, and 1 tsp salt.  Cut in butter using a pastry cutter or rub in with your fingers until small to medium clumps form.  Mix in 1/2 cup pecans.  Refrigerate until ready to use.
Make the streusel center: Mix together remaining 1/4 cup brown sugar, 1/4 tsp cinnamon and 1 cup pecans.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.  Make the cake: Butter a 9-in tube pan with a removable bottom.  Sift flour, baking powder, baking soda and 1/2 tsp salt into a bowl.
Beat butter and granulated sugar with a mixer on medium speed until pale and fluffy, about 2 minutes.  Beat in eggs, 1 at a time, then vanilla.  Beat in flour mixture in 3 additions, alternating with sour cream, beginning and ending with flour.  Continue to beat until well combined.
Spoon half the batter into pan.  Sprinkle streusel-center mixture evenly over batter.  Top with remaining batter, and spread evenly using an offset spatula. Sprinkle streusel-topping mixture evenly over batter.
Bake until cake is golden brown and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 55 minutes.  Transfer pan to wire rack, and let cool completely.  Remove cake from pan, and transfer to parchment.
Make the glaze: Mix together confectioners' sugar and milk.  Drizzle over cake, and let drip down sides.  Let set for 5 minutes before serving.
Store at room temperature for up to 5 days.

Submitter: 
Kemberli Paes
Description: 
.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
2 hr
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
