URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63068812/california-sushi-roll/
Title:
California Sushi Roll Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/773388.jpg
Ingredients:
1 Cup Jasmine Rice
1 1/2 Cups Water
1/2 Cup Rice Vinegar
2 Tablespoons Sugar
2 Teaspoons Salt
3 Nori (Seaweed) Wraps
1 Cucumber, Sliced Lengthwise
2 Sticks of Imitation Crab, Sliced Lengthwise

Directions:
Rinse 1 cup of Jasmine rice in a strainer until the water runs clear of starch.
Add 1 cup rice to 1 1/2 cups water in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer for 8-10 minutes.
Check the doneness of the rice after 8-10 minutes. The water should be completely absorbed, and the rice should be soft to the touch. If still firm, recover and continue cooking on low for 3-5 more minutes.
After the rice is done cooking, carefully remove from the pot with a non-metal utensil, (preferably wooden) and place in a non-metal bowl. Set aside to cool.
As the rice cools, combine 1/2 cup rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, and 2 teaspoons salt in a small saucepan.
Bring the rice vinegar to a boil. Reduce to low, and simmer for 1 minute.
Slowly combine the rice vinegar to the cooling rice, a few tablespoons at a time, until the rice is coated in the vinegar mixture. You may not need to use all of the mixture.
Set aside to finish cooling completely.
Have a small bowl of water near by to dip your hands in before touching the rice, to prevent sticking.
With the Nori wrap rough side facing up and smooth side facing down, wet your hands and evenly spread about a handful of rice onto the wrap.
Arrange your sliced vegetables around 1/2 inch from the edge closest to you.
Roll the wrap on a sushi mat. Start at the end closet to you, and roll away from yourself. Make one complete roll around the vegetables, press, and roll again to seal. Repeat for all wraps.
Using a sharp, wet knife, slice each wrap into 6-8 rolls; rinsing the knife after each slice to prevent sticking.

Submitter: 
Lisa Lou
Description: 
Basic instructions on how to make sushi in your very own home!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
