URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63076874/bacon-and-leak-macaroni-and-cheese/
Title:
Bacon and Leak Macaroni and Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound medium pasta shells (or elbow macaroni)
1/2 pound thick-sliced bacon
2 leeks, cleaned and thinly sliced crosswise (white and light green parts only)
1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme leaves
3 tablespoons unsalted butter
1/4 cup flour
3 cups half and half
8 ounces sharp Cheddar, shredded
6 ounces Havarti, shredded
1 teaspoon salt, or to taste
freshly ground black pepper, to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees.  Butter a 9?x13? baking dish and set aside.
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.  Meanwhile, cook bacon until crisp then chop into small pieces.  Drain all but 2 tablespoons of bacon drippings from pan then return to medium-low heat and add chopped leeks.  Cook, stirring occasionally, until leeks are softened and just starting to brown, about ten minutes.  Stir in chopped thyme and chopped bacon and set aside, retain the pan for the roux.
Cook pasta in boiling salted water according to package directions until al dente, then drain and set aside.
In a large heavy saucepan, melt butter over medium heat and stir in flour.  Cook, stirring, for about two minutes, until flour mixture has darkened slightly, then whisk in half and half.  Bring sauce to a boil, whisking constantly, then turn heat down and let simmer, stirring, until thickened.  Stir in shredded cheeses.  Stir in salt and pepper then remove sauce from heat.  Stir in pasta and the bacon-leek mixture.  Pour pasta into the greased baking dish and sprinkle with reserved cheddar cheese.
Bake at 375 for 25 minutes.  Serve warm.

Submitter: 
speedragu
Description: 
A creamy macaroni and cheese with the addition of bacon and leeks makes for a flavor explosion in your mouth.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
