URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63071069/sweet-brown-bread/
Title:
Sweet Brown Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2   cups warm water
1/3 cup vegetable oil
1/4 cup honey
1/2 cup packed brown sugar
2     Tbsp molasses
1.5  tablespoons active yeast
3-3 1/2 cups bread flower
1/2    cup whole wheat flour
1 1/2 cup medium rye flour
1/2 cup instant dry milk powder
2.5 tsp salt
all purpose flour for shaping/kneading
2 Tbsp melted butter for brushing
2 Tbsp rolled or steel cut oats (optional)
1 Tbsp milk (optional)

Directions:
Mix warm water and yeast in a bowl to dissolve
Mix 3 cups of bread flour (reserving 1/2 cup of the 3 1/2), whole wheat flour, rye flour, powdered milk, salt and brown sugar in your mixing bowl. Mix for a few minutes in your mixer until the ingredients are sifted together.
In a separate bowl, mix honey, molasse and oil. You should now have this bowl, one with your water, and yeast, and your mixing bowl with all of the dry ingredients.
Slowly add the liquid ingredient into your bowl while the mixer is running. When mixed, cover and let sit for 20 minutes.
Switch to your dough hook and knead the dough for 2-3 minutes on low until it comes together, slightly pulling away from the sides. If you are having trouble, slowly add the 1/2 cup of reserved bread flour. Cover in an oiled bowl and let sit for 30 minutes.
Light flour surface with all purpose flour and do a stretch and fold. Place back and in bowl, cover, and let sit another 30 minutes. Do one more stretch and fold. It should be tacky, soft and smooth by this point. Let sit for another 45 minutes.
Shape your bread into 2 large batards or 3-4 baguettes. Cover and let rise until almost double.
Place baking stone on middle shelf of overn with a metal pan on th bottom shelf. Prehead oven to 425.
When dough is ready, cut slashes and brush with melted butter. If you want to add oats to the top, soak the oat in mild for a few minutes an then spread on.
Lower temperature to 375, place bread on baking stone. Before you shut the oven, pour 1 cup of ice cubes into the metal pan the shut the door to trap the steam.
15 inutes into baking, remove the metal pan and rotate the loaves. Bake for another 15 minutes. Check bread to see if it needs to be covered with tinfoil to keep it from burning. Bake for another 5-10 minutes.

Submitter: 
Jim K
Description: 
Sweet brown bread sometimes called Squawbread
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
4hrs
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
