URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63075794/moms-raised-doughnuts/
Title:
MOM'S RAISED DOUGHNUTS Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/776085.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 c  water, warm (not hot)
2 pkg  active dry yeast
3/4 c  milk, lukewarm
1/4 c  sugar
1 tsp  salt
4 c  all-purpose flour, sifted
1/3 c  shortening
2  eggs
GLAZE
1 Tbsp  water, warm (may need more to thin, but thicker is better)
1/2 tsp  vanilla
1 c  confectioners' sugar, sifted

Directions:
SOAK yeast in 1/2 cup warm (not hot) water - 5 minutes. TIP: I throw about 1 tsp. sugar in with this to kick it in the butt to get it going.
SCALD the milk and melt shortening. (I always remember Mom melting the Crisco in the warm milk first, so that's how I do it.)
POUR milk over sugar and salt in a bowl. Stir until dissolved. Make sure this mixture is warm, not hot.
ADD 1 cup of flour, eggs and yeast mixture. Beat until smooth. ADD remaining flour to make a soft dough. When dough leaves sides of bowl, turn out onto lightly floured board. (Recipe calls for 4-4 1/2 cups flour, but every time I make it, it only takes me 4 cups to achieve the right consistency.)
KNEAD until dough becomes smooth and elastic. Place in lightly greased bowl. Grease top of dough and cover with waxed paper. Allow to rise in warm place (80-85°) until doubled (1-1/2 hours).
ROLL OUT dough to 1/2 inch thickness and cut-with a #2 can that has been opened with a tadpole can opener to leave a sharp cutting edge. Use a pill bottle or the center of doughnut cutter to make the center hole. Remove centers.
LET RISE on the board until very light (40-60 minutes).  8DROP into deep hot fat (325° - 350°) and turn when doughnuts are just barely brown. Turn once again when browned sufficiently.
DRAIN on absorbent paper. While still warm, glaze with glaze (ingredients above) or dust each doughnut with granulated or confectioners' sugar.
NOTE: This recipe is not recommended for use with self-rising flour. I also use canola oil to fry but Mom used solid Crisco. Don't remember oil being around then. Both work equally well.

Submitter: 
Peggi Weaver Tebben
Description: 
I used to make these with Mom as a little girl. She would make dozens a week & give to neighborhood kids. I would coat them with that ooey good frosting.
I recently won a blue ribbon on another cooking site with this recipe. It was also featured & put in newspapers all over US. Then it was voted as 1 of 100 top recipes to be put in the 2011 Members Choice cookbook. 
They are like eating a flavored cloud. So light & fluffy. Hope you enjoy them as much as we do.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
3 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
