URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63071050/robins-lemon-chickpea-breakfast-muffins/
Title:
Robin's Lemon Chickpea Breakfast Muffins Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 3/4 cups chickpeas (15oz) drained and rinsed
Zest from two lemons
Zest from one orange
2 tablespoons lemon juice, freshly squeezed
2 tablespoons orange juice, freshly squeezed
1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil
1/2 cup granulated sugar
2 egg yolks
2/3 cup whole wheat flour, sifted
2 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom
1/3 cup ground almonds
2 egg whites
1 tablespoon ground almonds
1 1/2 teaspoons granulated sugar
1/4 teaspoon ground cardamom

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325°F. Line muffin tin with paper liners.
Purée the chickpeas in a food processor until smooth.
Add the lemon and orange zest and juice, olive oil, sugar, and yolks. Purée until smooth.
Sift together the flour, baking powder, salt, and cardamom. Stir in the chickpea mixture, then add the ground almonds.
Whisk egg whites until they hold semi soft peaks. Fold the egg whites into the batter.
In a small bowl combine the ground almonds, sugar, and cardamom. Set aside.
Scoop batter into muffin tin. You can use a 1/3 cup measuring cup to do this, but you’ll only need to add a generous ¼ cup of batter to each muffin cup. Sprinkle the muffin batter with some of the almond-sugar-cardamom mixture.
Bake 12 to 13 mins, or until a toothpick inserted in the center of a muffin comes out clean.
Nutritional information per serving (one muffin): Calories-170, Protein-4g, Carbs-23g, Fiber-3g, Sodium-230mg, Sat fat-1g, Polyunsat fat-1g, Monounsat fat-5g, Trans fat-0g, Cholesterol-31mg

Submitter: 
redheadchef
Description: 
Lemon and cardamom is a classic flavor pairing that make these muffins fragrant and delicious. Using pureed, canned chickpeas creates a very moist, tender muffin because the chickpea starch holds water so well. The addition of ground almonds to the batter contributes a hearty nuttiness as well as healthy fats. Pair these muffins with fresh fruit and yogurt for a satisfying breakfast.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
