URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63079425/leftovers-never-had-it-so-good-chili/
Title:
Leftovers Never Had It So Good Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 pounds cooked Steak/Peppers/Onions mixture
1 pound seasoned, cooked ground beef
1 (30 ounce) can baked beans (brown sugar bacon)
2 (15 ounce) cans beans drained (great northern and black)
2 (28 ounce) cans diced tomatoes with juice
1 (6 ounce) can tomato paste
1 (28 ounce) can tomato sauce
1 large yellow onion, chopped
3 stalks celery, chopped
4 tsp beef base
1 cup water
1/4 cup chili powder
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
1 tablespoon minced garlic
1 tablespoon dried oregano
2 teaspoons ground cumin
2 teaspoons hot pepper sauce (e.g. cholula)
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 (10.5 ounce) bag corn chips such as Fritos®
1 (8 ounce) package shredded Cheddar cheese

Directions:
Heat a large stock pot over medium-high heat. Warm leftover meats.
Pour in the baked beans, other beans, diced tomatoes, sauce and tomato paste. Add the onion, celery, beef base, and water. Season with chili powder, Worcestershire sauce, garlic, oregano, cumin, hot pepper sauce, and basil. Stir to blend, then cover and simmer over low heat for at least 2 hours, stirring occasionally.
After 2 hours, taste, and adjust salt, pepper, and chili powder if necessary. The longer the chili simmers, the better it will taste. Remove from heat and serve, or refrigerate, and serve the next day.
To serve, ladle into bowls, and top with corn chips and shredded Cheddar cheese.

Submitter: 
KESSIANNE
Description: 
Started with the fantastic Boilermaker Chili Recipe and made it my own using leftover Steak/Peppers/Onions from Philly Sandwiches and ground beef (taco or italian works great) and the cans I keep on hand.Modified from: Boilermaker Tailgate Chili
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
2 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
