URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63079686/rachael-ray-roast-pork-tenderloins-with-roasted-carrot-parsnip-potato-and-warm-apple-and-savoy-cabbage-slaw/
Title:
Rachael Ray Roast Pork Tenderloins with Roasted Carrot, Parsnip, Potato and Warm Apple and Savoy Cabbage Slaw Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 pork tenderloin filets, 1 package, trimmed of silver skin
Kosher salt and pepper
1 teaspoon granulated garlic
1 teaspoon granulated onion
1/2 cup grainy Dijon mustard
2 tablespoons fennel seed
3 carrots, sliced on an angle
2 parsnips, sliced on an angle
1 large Russet potato, scrubbed well, skin left on, thinly sliced
About 3 tablespoons EVOO – Extra Virgin Olive Oil, to coat
3 tablespoons butter
2 Honeycrisp apples, peeled and chopped
1 small head of Savoy cabbage, cored, quartered and thinly sliced
1/2 cup apple cider
2 tablespoons cider vinegar
2 tablespoons light brown sugar

Directions:
Heat oven to 400°F.
Season the pork liberally with salt and pepper, sprinkle evenly with granulated onion and garlic, and slather each tenderloin with mustard. Sprinkle the fennel seeds over top.
On a rimmed baking sheet or in shallow roasting pan, toss carrots, parsnips and potatoes with oil to coat then season with salt and pepper. Push veggies off to each side of the pan and set tenderloins down the middle. Roast 35-40 minutes, or until a meat thermometer reads 145°F. Let meat stand 10 minutes before slicing.
For the slaw, melt butter in a large skillet over medium to medium-high heat. Add apples and sauté to light golden, 5 minutes. Wilt in cabbage in handfuls, season with salt and pepper. When cabbage has wilted into pan, douse with cider, vinegar and sugar, and cook 5 minutes more at a simmer.
Serve sliced pork with roasted carrots and parsnips, and slaw alongside.

Submitter: 
Raccoon
Description: 
Roast Pork Tenderloins with Roasted Carrot, Parsnip, Potato and Warm Apple and Savoy Cabbage Slaw from Rachael Ray show
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
