URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63070515/egyptian-molokhiyah-corchorus/
Title:
Egyptian Molokhiyah (Corchorus) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/773975.jpg
Ingredients:
1 package (400gms) frozen minced molokhiyah(Corchorus) partially thawed
3 cups Chicken broth (room temperature) – beef stock also works fine
1 cube chicken bouillon
2 pcs green chili pepper (whole) - optional
1 tsp tomato paste
Salt to taste
2 tbsp of ground coriander seeds
3 tbsp of fresh crushed garlic.
1 tbsp butter
1 tbsp cooking oil (anything will do – I use sunflower oil)

Directions:
1. Note: consistency of the soup is to personal taste. So you may want to start with 1 ½ cups of chicken broth, then add at the end if you prefer it lighter.
2. Place chicken broth in a cooking pot. Add molokhiyah.
3. Add chicken bouillon, green chili, tomato paste & salt (please pay attention to salt as you may have it already through broth, bouillon & tomato paste)
4. Put the pot on low heat.
5. With a hand whisk keep stirring until soup is formed and no lumps are to be found and to prevent white foam forming on the surface.
6. Once the mixture comes to a boil, let it boil for 2 to 3 min maximum then take it off heat.
7. In a small skillet, on medium heat, put the butter; add oil, garlic & coriander until mixture is bubbly and golden yellow.
8. If cooled down; take molokhiyah mixture back on heat. Do NOT bring to a boil. It just needs to be hot. So stir constantly.
9. Directly take the garlic mixture off heat, then into molokhiyah mixture, stirring the mixture as you add.
10. We usually serve this hot with white rice.

Submitter: 
Radwa
Description: 
Got diff names: Molokhia, Mlukhia, Corchorus, Mallow. Call it soup, call it a main dish, we Egyptians call it Molokhiyah. This applies to both the leaves of the main ingredient & the dish. Loved by anyone specially children.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
30
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
