URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63077554/cinnamon-rolls-by-ree-drummond/
Title:
Cinnamon Rolls by Ree Drummond Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/776882.jpg
Ingredients:
1 qt whole milk
1 cup vegetable oil
1 cup sugar
2 pkgs Dry yeast (4 1/2 tsp)
8 cups plus 1 cup all-purpose flour
1 heaping tsp baking powder
1 scant tsp baking soda
1 heaping tsp salt
2-3 cups melted butter
2 cups sugar
1/4 cinnamon
2 lbs powdered sugar
1/2 cup whole milk
6 Tbsp butter, melted
1/4 cup strong coffee
1/8 tsp salt
1 Tbsp maple flavoring or extract

Directions:
Mix milk oil and sugar in a pan. "Scald" the mixture (heat until just before the boiling point.) Turn off heat cool about an hour.  When the mixture is lukewarm, sprinkle in Dry Yeast.  Let this sit for a minute so the yeast gets moist.  Add flour.  Stir mixture together. Cover and let sit for at least an hour.  Now add 1 cup of flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt.  Stir mixture together.
At this point, you could cover the dough and put it in the fridge until you need it—overnight or a maximum of 2 days or use the dough immediately. While storing, if it starts to splurge out of the pan, punch it down.
When ready, sprinkle surface generously with flour.  Take half the dough and form a rough rectangle.
Then roll the dough thin, maintaining a general rectangular shape. Rectangle should increase in both width and length as you roll it out.  Now generously drizzle 1-1 1/2 cups melted butter over the dough. Now sprinkle 1 cup of sugar over the butter and generously sprinkle cinnamon over sugar.  Now, starting away from you, begin rolling the dough in a neat line toward you. Keep the roll relatively tight as you go. Some of the butter mixture may ooze out toward the end.  Next, pinch the seam to the roll to seal it. Spread melted butter in 2 baking pans.  Cut cinnamon log into 1 1/2" slicesand place in first pan.  Do not overcrowd.  Repeat process with remaining dough.  Let the rolls sit for 30 minutes to rise, then bake at 400 degrees until light golden brown, about 30 minutes.
While the rolls are in the oven, make the maple frosting. In a large mixing bowl, add powdered sugar, maple flavoring, milk, butter, coffee and salt and pour over rolls.  thepioneerwoman.com/cooking/2007/06/cinammon_rolls_/

Submitter: 
JONESMARSH
Description: 
Warning:  If you follow these instructions and share them with friends, be prepared for any of the following:
1. They’ll call you after the first bite and profess their eternal love for every ounce of your body.
2. They’ll pass out after the first bite from immense ecstasy, hit their head on the counter, sustain a concussion, and sue you for damages.
3. They’ll call you and ask for the recipe, saying, HOW did you make those?
4. They’ll call you and propose marriage.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
