URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63073278/brown-sugar-pecan-shortbread/
Title:
Brown Sugar-Pecan Shortbread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/775113.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups all-purpose flour
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup (2 sticks) butter, at room temperature
2/3 cup packed light-brown sugar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla
1 cup pecans, toasted (see Note) and chopped
12 ounces bittersweet chocolate, melted

Directions:
1. Stir together flour and salt in medium-size bowl.
2. Beat together the butter, brown sugar and vanilla in a large bowl at medium speed until the mixture is well blended. Reduce the mixer speed to low. Gradually add the flour mixture to the butter mixture and beat until well blended. Stir in the toasted pecans.
3. Turn dough out onto sheet of plastic wrap; shape into 6 x 4-1/2-inch rectangle. Wrap securely in the plastic wrap. Refrigerate the dough for several hours or until it is completely chilled.
4. Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper or waxed paper.
5. Cut chilled dough lengthwise in half. Working with one half of dough at a time and keeping the remaining half of the dough wrapped in the refrigerator, cut dough crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Place on prepared baking sheets, spacing 1 inch apart. Repeat with the remaining half of the dough.
6. Bake in 350 degrees F oven for 15 minutes or until golden brown, switching and rotating baking sheets halfway through the baking. Remove the baking sheets to wire racks and let cool.
7. Dip each shortbread diagonally, halfway, into the melted chocolate. Then place on waxed paper and let stand at room temperature for several hours or until chocolate is firm. Store with sheet of waxed paper between layers of shortbread in airtight containers.

Submitter: 
Candace Billiot
Description: 
Brown Sugar-Pecan Shortbread
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min+ several hrs chill
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
60
Nutritional Facts:
NA
