URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63088883/salmon-with-a-dijon-butter-sauce-asaragus-and-herb-butter-angel-hair-pasta/
Title:
Salmon with a Dijon Butter Sauce, Asaragus and Herb Butter Angel hair Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/781607.jpg
Ingredients:
SALMON
2 Salmon Fillets
1 Tbsp Dijon Mustard
3 Tbsp unsalted butter
1 Lemon
Olive Oil
Salt
Pepper
ASPARAGUS
1 bunch of asparagus
1/4 C. Chopped Pecans
Salt
Pepper
ANGEL HAIR PASTA
1/3 Package of Angel hair Pasta
1/4 C.butter
1 Tbsp parsley
1 Tbsp basil

Directions:
Start by boiling water for pasta, add salt.  When pot is boiling add the pasta and let boil 8-10 mins.
Meanwhile, take a vegetable peeler and shaver the sides of the asparagus to take off the hard outer lining.  Add a small amount of water to a frying pan, just enough to cover the bottom of the pan.  Heat pan to a medium heat and simmer the asparagus for about 5 mins.  When the moisture in the pan has evaporated, add the butter and pecans and simmer for another 2 minutes.
For the Salmon, heat up a frying pan to a medium-high heat. Salt and Pepper your fillets on both sides wait a minute then pat the excessive moisture from the fillets.  When pan is hot, add 2 Tbsp Olive Oil.  Add your fillets to the pan presentation side down. Cut lemon in half and use one side to sprinkle lemon juice all over fillets (both sides).  It should only take about 4-5 minutes on each side.  Salmon will pull apart easily when done.
When pasta is cooked, drain and put back into pan.  Add butter and herbs and toss lightly.  Add Salt and Pepper to taste.
For the sauce, use a small sauce pan, add butter, squeezed lemon half and Dijon mustard, (salt and pepper for taste).  Let simmer on LOW HEAT for about 3 minutes while stirring contents.  Spoon sauce over Salmon fillets after plating.

Submitter: 
Jen Schumacher
Description: 
Entertaining Guests and want to show off your talents as a chef? This is the PERFECT dish!!  It's light, healthy and BURSTING with Flavor. It looks like it took hours to make, but you can do it in less than 30 mins.  Everyone will be asking you for the recipe.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 mins
Ready in:
25
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
