URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63088817/best-buffalo-chicken-wings/
Title:
Best Buffalo Chicken Wings Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/781574.jpg
Ingredients:
Buffalo Wing Sauce
12 oz Franks Buffalo Wing Sauce (or hot sauce of your choice)
1 1/2  Stick Butter
4 oz   Honey
Bleu Cheese Dressing
8 oz Bleu Cheese
1 cup sour cream or Greek Yogurt
1 cup Mayonnaise
1/4 cup milk or buttermilk
1/4 teaspoon  granulated onion
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon black pepper

Directions:
Wings:
In a sauce pan add hot sauce, butter and honey.  Here is the tricky part, you want to get the sauce almost to point of boiling, but do not let it boil, or get too hot.  If the sauce gets too hot it will begin to separate.
I actually get the sauce hot enough to melt the butter, then turn off the heat.  The wings will be plenty hot enough with out the sauce being too hot.  By not over heating the sauce it will stay rich and thick and give the wings a wonderful coating.
For the recipe if you are making more wings the ratio is 2 parts hot sauce, 1 part butter, and 1/2 part honey.
this amount of hot sauce will do about 48 pieces of wings.
My second choice for hot sauces is Louisianna Hot, but I can’t seem to find it anymore.  The reason I use Frank’s Buffalo sauce is because its already has some flavor in it, its not just straight hot sauce…..wings should be tasty not just hot!
Sauce:
There are a lot of great brands of bleu cheese dressing out there, but if you want to make your own dressing its really pretty easy.  There is really only one trick to a really good bleu cheese dressing.
In a food processor, add the sour cream or Greek yogurt, the milk and half of your bleu cheese.  Pulse the mixture until all of the bleu cheese has been blended in.
Now add it to your mayonnaise, and the remaining bleu cheese crumbled up and season.  The seasonings are just a guide, season it to your taste.
You should make this dressing at least one day ahead of time, to let the flavors build, it will taste the best after 48 hours.

Submitter: 
Sanderson32
Description: 
Great wings recipe with a twist...
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
