URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63082176/farfalle-with-pan-roasted-chicken-spinach-pesto-and-green-beans/
Title:
Farfalle with pan-roasted chicken, spinach pesto and green beans Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1.5 lbs dry farfalle or fusili pasta
12 ounces frozen spinach
8 ounces green beans, cut into 1-inch lengths
4 cloves garlic, crushed
1/2 t. chili flakes
2 T. butter
2 T. olive oil
2 chicken breasts
1/2 bunch parsley, finely chopped
1/2 cup pine nuts (walnuts would work too)
2 cups reserved pasta cooking water
grana padano (or chevre or parmesan)
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
In 3-4 quarts of salted boiling water, cook fresh green beans until soft, about 4-5 minutes. Remove beans from pot and shock in a large bowl of cold water. Drain and set aside. Add dry pasta to remaining boiling water and cook for approximately 2-3 minutes less than cooking time as described on package, or until slightly undercooked.
While pasta is boiling, roast salted whole chicken breasts in a lightly-oiled pan over medium high heat. Cook without moving for about 4-5 minutes per side or until outside caramelizes and pulls easily from pan. Check for doneness and when finished remove from heat, allow to rest for 2-3 minutes, and cut into medium-large dice.
Drain the pasta, reserving two cups of cooking water in a separate bowl. Return pot to heat and add olive oil, butter, garlic, chili flakes and stir constantly for about 30-60 seconds. Add spinach and half the cooking water.
and 1/2 teaspoon salt and cook an additional 3-4 minutes or until spinach is completely cooked. Add parsley and stir well. If desired, using a handheld immersion blender, countertop blender, or food processor, roughly puree mixture, adding additional pasta water if needed.
Incorporate pine nuts, green beans and chicken and check seasoning. Finish with grated cheese, black pepper and a sprinkling of additional olive oil.

Submitter: 
Christian Berger
Description: 
Vibrant green, delicious, easy dinner that easily serves a family of four with leftovers. This dish is heavy on the veggies and not-so-heavy on the chicken, which can be omitted altogether for a great vegetarian version.

Great served family style with a simple green salad.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
