URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63088123/coconut-chicken-w-sweet-chili-dipping-sauce/
Title:
Coconut Chicken w/ Sweet chili Dipping sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/781317.jpg
Ingredients:
2 lbs. boneless, skinless chicken breasts
2 large eggs
1/4 cup coconut milk (optional)
1/2 cup all purpose flour
1 cup panko bread crumbs
1 cup shredded coconut
1/2 tsp salt
1/2 cup vegetable oil, divided
1 cup sweet chili sauce (found in the Asain Section of the grocery store)

Directions:
Cut off any extra fat globules from your chicken breasts. Cut each into 6 strips, diagonally to prevent the end strips from being really short.
Prepare your breading station by gathering three bowls. In the 1st bowl combine the flour & salt. In the 2nd bowl, combine the eggs & coconut milk. Whisk together until well combined. In the 3rd bowl, stir panko bread crumbs & coconut.
Place 1/4 cup of vegetable oil in a large heavy duty skillet and heat over medium/high heat until it is just below smoking.
While the oil is heating, dredge the chicken strips. First, coat each strip in the flour/salt mixture. Then dip each into the eggs/coconut milk and finally coat each in panko/shredded coconut.
After breading the strips, the oil should be hot enough. Place about 6 strips in the pan at once. There should only be one layer in the pan and there should be about an inch between each strip. If you over crowd the pan it will get too cold and the strips will soak up a lot of oil instead of frying. Fry the strips for 2-3 minutes on each side or until they are golden brown and crispy. Place them on a plate with paper towel to drain and move on to the next batch. After a couple of batches you may need more oil so you can add the second 1/4 cup to the pan. Allow the oil to come up to temperature before frying the next batch (2-3 minutes). Because the strips are thin, they should be cooked through by the time both sides are browned. You can tell by the texture of the chicken; it should be stiff when pressed. If you cut your strips thicker, you will need to bake off the chicken after frying to make sure the insides are cooked through.
When all of the strips are done frying, serve immediately with sweet chili sauce to dip in.
Garnish with cilantro if disired.

Submitter: 
Andrea Norment
Description: 
If you love Coconut this one is for you! Doesn't cost too much and tastes amazing!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
