URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63089248/chicken-milano-pasta/
Title:
Chicken Milano Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/781723.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
1/2 cup flour
salt and pepper to taste
paprika
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 tablespoon butter
2 cloves garlic, minced
1/2 cup sun-dried tomatoes, chopped
1/2 cup mushrooms
1 1/2 cup chicken broth, divided
1/2 cup white wine
2 cups heavy cream
1/2 cup parmesan cheese, grated
2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil
8 ounces dry whole wheat fettuccini pasta

Directions:
Pound chicken breasts then dip them 1/2 cup flour, paprika, salt and pepper.
In a large skillet over medium heat, warm oil and saute chicken. Cook for about 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a board; cover and keep warm. Discard the fat from the skillet.
In the same saucepan over low heat, melt butter; add garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add the tomatoes, mushrooms, 1 1/2 cups of the chicken broth and 1/2 cup of white wine; increase to medium heat and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, for about 10 minutes or until the tomatoes are tender.
Add the heavy cream and parmesan cheese bring to a boil; stirring. Simmer over medium heat until the sauce is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon (8 mins).
Cut each chicken breast into 2 to 3 diagonal slices. Stir in basil and chicken, keep warm.
Meanwhile, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add fettuccine and cook for 8 to 10  minutes or until al dente; drain, transfer to a bowl and toss with 3 to 4 tablespoons of the sauce.
Transfer the pasta to serving plates; top with chicken and cream sauce.

Submitter: 
Luma
Description: 
A delicious pasta and chicken dish with garlic, sun-dried tomatoes and fresh basil. Use the dry packaged sun-dried tomatoes instead of the tomatoes packed in olive oil. The sauce can be kept, covered, for one day in the refrigerator; heat again over low heat. Try it with some crusty bread if desired.Modified from: Chicken Milano
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
