URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63088830/penne-alla-vodka-siciliano-lite/
Title:
Penne Alla Vodka Siciliano Lite Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 boxes barilla whole grain penne
1 md. can Scalifini quick crushed tomatoes (or 1 sm can tom sauce and 1 md can crushed tomatoes if using American brands like Contadina)
3 cloves of garlic
2 sprigs of Italian parsley
3 oz. of chopped SPECK (smoked prosciutto) or the meat from a thick cut of pancetta, diced fine.
1/4 cup heavy cream
3 tbsp olive oil
1 tbsp herbed olive oil (basil,thyme, italian) (optional)
1-1/4 cups condensed milk
1/2 cup vodka
2 tbsp Parmigiano Reggiano grated
1 tbsp Romano
1 -1/2 tsp crushed red pepper
1 tsp black pepper
Salt to taste.
Cutting board
Chopping knife
Three small cups to hold chopped items
Large square-side round pot that can accomodate sauce and cooked penne
Boiling pot for noodles

Directions:
Set a pot of water for the pasta to boil.
Chop the parsley and set aside.
Chop the speck into small bits 1/2" or less and set aside.
Wafer thin slice the garlic and set aside.
Open the can of crushed tomato, measure out the cream, condensed milk (You can put both in one cup) and vodka and get your olive oils and spices available in range of the pan.
Set the large sauce pot (big enough to fit the cooked noodles as well) to med-high.  Add the olive oils.
As soon as you finish that step, drop the noodles into the boiling water and stir to separate.
Put the garlic into the pan and stir around the oil to flavor it for 30 seconds or less. Do not brown or overcook the garlic!
Lower the heat to low. Wait one minute.  Put the tomato into the pan with the oil (BE CAREFUL and do this quickly, keeping your hands to the edge of the pot. It will splatter when the sauce makes contact with the oil). Stir and integrate the oil and the tomato sauce.  Add the pepper. Raise the temp back to medium high.
Add the speck to the sauce. Add the cheese and crushed red pepper, and pepper. Stir.
Test the pasta. If it's not  2-3 minutes from done, cooked but still a bit firm, lower the heat for a minute on the sauce and let it simmer. If it's that done, continue.
Add the cream/condensed milk. Stir in until integrated quickly. Taste as all sauces and cheeses add different amounts of salt. Salt to taste.
Add the vodka and cook 1-2 minutes.  Stirring to thicken Drain your pasta while this is cooking.
Add the pasta and mix it into the sauce. Take the pan off the heat and serve immediately. Garnish servings with the chopped parsley.

Submitter: 
The Jazz Chef
Description: 
Most penne alla vodka recipes are thick in cream, which is nice if you don't have to watch what you eat, but, for the other 95% of us, we enjoy taste without eating a day's calories in one plate. This isn't fat free, but it's a light alternative to full-on Penne Alla Vodka
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
