URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63089682/angel-family-chicken-soup-with-matzo-balls/
Title:
Angel Family Chicken Soup with Matzo Balls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 cups water
1 onion
7 large carrots
1 bunch celery
3 parsnips
1 bunch dill
1 bunch parsley
salt (to taste)
pepper (to taste)
1 whole rotisserie chicken
1 raw chicken
1 box chicken stock
4 eggs
4 Tbsp vegetable oil
1 cup Matzo meal

Directions:
Wash the raw chicken and place it in a large stockpot.
Wash the vegetables and peel the carrots and parsnips. Then chop all vegetables into spoon-sized pieces.
Wash and roughly chop the dill and parsley.
Add the vegetables and herbs to the stockpot with the chicken, cover with water and boil until the chicken is 200 degrees F or begins to fall apart.
Pull the chicken out of the soup and set aside for chicken salad the next day (do not use the meat from this chicken for the soup, as it is tougher and less flavorful than the roasted chicken meat.
Crack the eggs into a mid-sized mixing bowl, add 4 Tbsp vegetable oil and whisk to incorporate.
Add the matzo meal, stirring until well combined. Cover and refrigerate for 20 minutes.
In a separate pot, heat chicken stock.
Remove the matzo mixture from the refrigerator and gently hand-roll into 1 inch balls. Be careful not to over-roll as this can make the matzo balls tough.
Simmer the matzo balls in the stockpot with chicken stock or water until they are soft, at least one hour.
Transfer the matzo balls into the soup pot with the vegetables.
Pull the meat off the chicken bones of the rotisserie chicken. Separate the meat into spoon-size chunks and set aside.
To serve, place pieces of the roasted chicken into soup bowls and ladle the chicken soup with matzo balls over it. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
JacobAngel
Description: 
This recipe has been passed down for generations in the Angel family. Using fresh ingredients gives this healthy soup a rich flavor.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
7
Nutritional Facts:
NA
