URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63084181/curry-for-house-divided---vegetarian-andor-omnivores/
Title:
Curry for  house divided - vegetarian and/or omnivores Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 teaspoons vegetable oil
1 large onion, finely chopped
1 large green pepper
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 tablespoon tomato paste
2 tomatoes, chopped
1 teaspoon white vinegar
1 teaspoon ground turmeric
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin
1/2 teaspoon ground coriander
1/2 teaspoon chili powder
1/2 teaspoon garam masala
1 small red bell pepper, chopped
1 pound chicken thighs chopped or cooked mung beans
salt to taste
4 sprigs fresh cilantro, for garnish
2 cups rice
1 c coconut (optional)
1 c peanuts (optional)
1 c raisin (optional)
1 c Chutney (chutney)

Directions:
Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat,add turmeric and temper then add onion to carmelize. Add first round of turmeric, cumin, coriander, chili powder, and garam masala. When onion is almost light brown add garlic until tender (not brown or will be bitrer). Add red and green pepper. Mix in the tomato paste, tomatoes, and vinegar. Season with turmeric, cumin, coriander, chili powder, and garam masala. Continue to cook and stir until blended and heated through, about 10 minutes.Mix the cooked mung beans or chicken into the skillet and cook until chicken is browned. Reduce heat, and simmer 30 minutes or until chicken is completely done and a little longer if wanted to absorb flavors through. The remaining ingredients are served with to garnish to taste.

Submitter: 
glypnirsgirl
Description: 
By making this curry in this manner. At the end, before adding chicken, you can separate out part of the stew to use for cooked mung beans and have a vegetarian dish that does not take much effort for a divided family.Modified from: Chicken Jalfarezi
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
