URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63088738/a-potpouri-of-spice-mixes/
Title:
A Potpouri of Spice Mixes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
BALTI SPICE MIX
2tsp ground Paprika
1½tsp ground Coriander
¾tsp ground Cumin
½tsp Salt
¼tsp Chilli Powder
GARAM MASALA
4 tbsps coriander seeds
1 tbsp cumin seeds
tbsp black peppercorns
1 ½ tsps black cumin seeds (shahjeera)
1 ½ tsps dry ginger
¾ tsp black cardamom (3-4 large pods approx)
¾ tsp cloves
¾ tsp cinnamon (2 X 1” pieces)
¾ tsp crushed bay leaves
FIVE SPICE
1 tsp. ground Szechwan pepper
1 tsp. ground star anise
1-1/4 tsp. ground fennel seeds
1/2 tsp. ground cloves
1/2 tsp. ground cinnamon
1/2 tsp. salt
1/4 tsp. ground white pepper
ALL SPICE SUBSTITUTE
Combine equal parts of ground cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg, and black pepper.
1tsp ground is equivalent of 5 berries

Directions:
FOR BALTI, ALL SPICE SUBSTITUTE AND FIVE SPICE - MIX WELL TOGETHER
GARAM MASALA
Heat a heavy skillet on a medium flame and gently roast all ingredients (leave cardamom in its pods till later) except the dry ginger, till they turn a few shades darker. Stir occasionally. Do not be tempted to speed up the process by turning up the heat as the spices will burn on the outside and remain raw on the inside.
When the spices are roasted turn of the flame and allow them to cool.
Once cooled, remove the cardamom seeds from their skins and mix them back with all the other roasted spices.
Grind them all together to a fine powder.
Store in an air-tight container in a cool, dark place

Submitter: 
Hasta Luego
Description: 
When you need a spicy, savoury or piquant flavour, here are some tasty mixes to delight you. Balti and Garam Masala for Curries and Five Spice for Chinese. Five-spice powder is a mixture of five spices, encompassing all five flavours of sweet, sour, bitter, pungent, and salty.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
