URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63084303/chocolate-chip-mini-cheesecakes/
Title:
Chocolate Chip Mini Cheesecakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/779876.jpg
Ingredients:
Crust
1 cup graham cracker crumbs
2 tbsp brown sugar
small pinch salt
2 1/2 tbsp butter, melted
Cheesecake
8-oz cream cheese, softened
2 tbsp sour cream or greek-style yogurt
1/3 cup sugar
1 large egg
1 tsp vanilla extract
1 cup chocolate chips

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350F. Line 8 cups of a muffin pan with paper liners.
In a medium bowl, make the graham cracker crust. Mix together graham cracker crumbs, brown sugar and salt and stir to combine. Pour over melted butter and stir with a fork to moisten the crumbs.
Place about a tablespoon of crumb mixture in each of the prepared muffin cups and pack down into an even layer.
In a large bowl, make the cheesecake. Cream together cream cheese, sour cream and sugar until smooth. Beat in the egg and vanilla extract.
Place 1 tbsp chocolate chips into each of the muffin cups. Evenly divide cheesecake batter between the muffin cups, covering the first layer of chocolate chips. Place another tbsp of chocolate chips on top of the cheesecake batter in each of the muffin cups.
Bake for 20-25 minutes, until cheesecakes are set.
Allow to cool for 10 minutes in the muffin pan, then carefully transfer cheesecakes to a cooling rack to cool completely before refrigerating.

Submitter: 
Lizette
Description: 
I found this recipe on .... bakingbites (dot) com/2011/08/chocolate-chip-mini-cheesecakes/
This recipe makes a small batch, just 8 mini cheesecakes. It can be doubled if you need more for a party or get together. The cheesecakes are good when they’re still slightly warm and the chocolate is a bit melty, but they’re also good after they’ve been chilled. You can eat them straight out of the wrapper, as you would a muffin, or peel off the wrappers and plate them for a slightly more dressed-up dessert. The leftovers will keep well in the refrigerator for a couple of days.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
