URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63080082/general-tsaos-chicken-ii/
Title:
General Tsao's Chicken II Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/777990.jpg
Ingredients:
Canola oil for stir-frying
1 1/2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs or breasts, cut into 1/2 inch cubes
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon white sugar
1 pinch white pepper
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
3 tablespoons chopped green onion
1 clove garlic, minced
6 dried whole red chilies
1 strip orange zest
1/2 cup white sugar
1/4 teaspoon ground ginger
3 tablespoons chicken broth
1 tablespoon rice vinegar
1/4 cup soy sauce
2 teaspoons sesame oil
2 tablespoons peanut oil
2 teaspoons cornstarch
1/4 cup water

Directions:
Cut chicken into uniform bite size pieces.  Sprinkle with salt, 1 tsp sugar and white pepper.  Mix well.  Heat oil in wok.
Stir fry chicken (2 - 3 batches, one batch at a time) in hot cooking until they turns golden brown about 3-5 minutes. Remove the chicken and allow to cool as you fry the next batch.
Heat 2 tablespoons canola oil in a wok over high heat. Stir in the green onion, garlic, whole chiles, and orange zest. Cook and stir a minute or two until the garlic has turned golden and the chiles brighten. Add 1/2 cup sugar, the ginger, chicken broth, vinegar, soy sauce, sesame oil, and peanut oil; bring to a boil and cook for 3 minutes.
Dissolve 2 teaspoons of cornstarch into the water, and stir into the boiling sauce. Return to a boil and cook until the sauce thickens and is no longer cloudy from the cornstarch, about 1 minute. Stir the chicken into the boiling sauce. Reduce heat to low and cook for a few minutes until the chicken absorbs some of the sauce.
You may wish to double this recipe and triple the sauce ingredients if you are serving guests (who will want seconds) or if you want to have leftovers!

Submitter: 
NJHoffman
Description: 
Orange zest and peanut oil join whole dried chiles in giving this version of General Tso's Chicken its distinctive flavor.Modified from: General Tsao's Chicken II
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
