URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63080362/samoa-baked-donuts/
Title:
Samoa Baked Donuts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/778139.jpg
Ingredients:
Donuts:
1 cup flour
3/4 tsp active dry yeast
3/4 tsp baking powder
1/4 tsp salt
pinch of baking soda
1/4 cup (2oz) butter
6 tbsp sugar
1 small egg
1/2 tsp vanilla extract
1 tbsp yogurt
1/4 cup milk
Coconut Caramel (Best)
1 cup light sweetened condensed milk
1/2 cup coconut milk
1 tbsp light corn syrup
2 tbsp salted butter
1 tsp vanilla extract
1/2 cup lightly toasted desiccated coconut (I used sweetened)
1/4 cup milk
3.5 oz. Dark Chocolate
Spread the desiccated coconut out on a baking sheet and place in the oven at 140 degrees C for 5 minutes, stirring often, until the edges are beige.
Put the first four ingredients in a medium saucepan over a medium heat. Let the mixture come to the boil while stirring constantly. Lower the temperature and continue to stir and cook until the mixture becomes a golden-beige colour, but is still fluid (took me about 15 minutes). Stir in the rest of the ingredients. Leave mixture in pot as it may need to be re-heated later.
Coconut Caramel (Easy)
6 oz soft caramels
1-2 tbsp milk
1/4 desiccated coconut
Put the unwrapped caramels and milk in a small sauce pan and heat gently whilst stirring until the caramels have completely melted (alternatively you can melt them in the microwave in a microwave safe bowl : heat on high for 2 minutes, remove the bowl and stir the mixture, then return to the microwave for a further 1 - 2 minutes and stir again).
Spread the desiccated coconut out on a cookie sheet and toast in the oven for 5 minutes, stirring it often, until it becomes a slight golden-beige colour. Stir the toasted coconut into the caramel. You might have to gently reheat this mixture to keep it fluid enough for dipping, but if you work quickly, you should be fine.

Directions:
Stir together the flour, yeast, baking powder, salt and baking soda in a small bowl, set aside.
Preheat your oven to 350 degrees F and grease a mini donut pan (or learn how to make your own here, just make the foil donut shape about 5 cm in diameter).
In a medium bowl, cream together the butter and sugar. Then beat in the egg, vanilla and yogurt.
Stir in 1/3 of the flour mixture, then mix in half the milk. Repeat this until you've added all of the flour mixture and the milk.
Pipe the mixture into the prepared donut pan and leave to rest for 5 minutes while you put everything away.
Bake the donuts for 10-15 minutes until puffy and golden brown. Remove the donuts from the pan after 5 minutes, and put them on a cooling rack.
Dip the top of a donut (carefully!) into the caramel topping, turn it right side up, and place on the cooling rack  (you can spoon any extra caramel on now, that's cool with me). Repeat until all the donuts have been dipped. Whilst the caramel cools, melt the chocolate.
Either melt it in the microwave, in a microwave safe bowl, for about 1 minute, stirring it every 30 seconds;
or put it in a heat proof bowl, then place the bowl over a gently simmering pan of water and stir the chocolate until it's completely.
Line a cookie sheet with grease proof paper. Dip the very bottom of each donut into the chocolate and place them on the lined cookie sheet. Then take a fork and drizzle them with the remaining chocolate. Let the chocolate cool and set at room temperature, then store in an airtight container (just fyi, they're best on the day you make them)

Submitter: 
Sanderson32
Description: 
They are just so incredibly amazing, the donut is soft and fluffy, the chocolate is slightly bitter and the caramel...oh the caramel... it's a godsend. If you have the time, I strongly recommend that you make it yourself using coconut milk, it's completely worth it. But if you're pressed for time, go for the easier method so you can get your samoa fix quicker.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
