URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63088754/healthy-tex-mex-stuffed-peppers/
Title:
Healthy Tex-Mex Stuffed Peppers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/781552.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound lean ground beef
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 medium onion, chopped
1 pk taco seasoning (or make your own like I do for a healthier mix! See footnote below)
1 pouch Uncle Ben's Whole Grain Santa Fe Medley
1 (11 oz) can Green Giant Mexi-Corn
6 large bell peppers, assorted colors
2 (8 ounce) cans all-natural low sodium tomato sauce
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
1/2 teaspoon dried cilantro
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano
salt and pepper to taste
1/2 cup fine-shredded low fat cheddar, optional

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Cut peppers in half lengthwise (like boats) and remove stems, seeds and membranes. Remove boiling water from heat, immerse pepper halves in the water and let sit for 10 minutes to soften.
Meanwhile, in a skillet over medium heat, cook the beef, garlic and onion until meat is evenly browned and onion is softened.
Arrange the pepper boats in a baking dish.
Microwave the rice according to package directions.
In a bowl, mix the browned beef, cooked rice, Mexi-Corn, taco seasoning, 1 can tomato sauce, Worcestershire sauce, salt, and pepper.
Spoon an equal amount of the mixture into each pepper half.
Mix the remaining tomato sauce, cilantro and oregano in a bowl, and pour evenly over the stuffed peppers.
Cover tightly with foil and bake 1 hour in the preheated oven. If using the cheese, turn back foil after baking peppers, sprinkle the peppers with cheese, recover with foil and let sit just until cheese melts.

Submitter: 
GymRat
Description: 
Healthy stuffed peppers, kicked up a notch! If you decide to make your own taco seasoning mix as I do, be sure to mix it up beforehand.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
1 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
