URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63080778/sweet-potato-crusted-fish-with-cilantro-lime-vinaigrette/
Title:
Sweet Potato Crusted Fish with Cilantro Lime Vinaigrette Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/786094.jpg
Ingredients:
Cilantro Lime Vinaigrette (Yields: 1/2 cup):
1 cup cilantro - packed
1 medium clove garlic
2 limes- juiced (about 1/4 cup)
1/2 cup light olive oil
1 tablespoon mayonnaise
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon pepper
pinch of sugar (1/2 tsp)
Fish:
4 mild flaky fish fillets (Dolphin, Tilapia, Grouper, Snapper, Halibut etc)
2 medium sized sweet potatoes, peeled and shredded
1 egg plus 2 egg whites
1/2 cup flour - seasoned with a little salt & pepper
2 TBS canola oil (or any light oil)
2 TBS butter
Salad:
Mixed Greens
2-4 oz Goat Cheese
1 cup fresh green beans, blanched
Handfull of Grape or Cherry Tomatoes
Black beans, drained and rinsed

Directions:
Combine vinaigrette ingredients into a food processor, mini chopper, or blender and pulse until well combined. Refrigerate until ready to use.
If serving over salad, prepare salad now so it is ready to go.
Add flour to a pie plate (or any dish with sides) and season with salt and pepper. In another one, whisk together 1 egg plus 2 egg whites.
Preheat oven to 375°. Heat a large oven-safe skillet over medium to medium high heat. Add 1 tablespoon of butter plus 1 tablespoon oil (you may need extra if it's a large skillet - you want the entire bottom coated). Allow this to heat up.
Eyeball the size / shape of the pieces of fish and then, add a thin layer of shredded sweet potatoes about the same size & shape (one for each piece of fish).
Quickly dredge the fish into flour mixture, then egg wash, and set on top of the sweet potatoes in the pan. Repeat with each piece of fish. Cook for about 4 minutes (the fish should have a nice golden crust), lift fish out of pan with a spatula.
While holding fish with the spatula, add another thin layer of the shredded sweet potatoes to the pan (again matching the size of your fish filet). Carefully flip the fish onto the new "bed" of shedded sweet potatoes. Place entire skillet into the oven and allow to finish cooking (about 4-7 minutes depending on fish size).
The fish doesn't dry out due to the natural moisture in the potatoes! When fish is fully cooked (opaque in color), remove from oven and immediately serve over mixed salad. Top with cilantro lime vinaigrette.

Submitter: 
J Scholfield
Description: 
From My Life as a Mrs. Cooking Blog
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
