URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63094829/a-scotsmans-shepherd-pie/
Title:
A Scotsman's Shepherd Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/784006.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound ground lamb
1/2 tbsp olive oil or butter
1 smallish onion, chopped
1 smallish carrot, peeled and chopped
1/2 cup fresh or frozen peas
16 oz. canned, stewed tomato (chopped)
5-6 cups of mashed potatoes (made from scratch, or if instant, use a quality brand like Honest Earth All-Natural Creamy Mash)
1/2 tsp ea Kosher or sea salt and freshly ground black pepper
1 egg yolk only
1/2 cup sour cream
2 ounces creamed cheese
2 tbsp butter
8 oz. Guinness Draught beer
1 tbsp. white flour
1 beef bullion cube
1 tbsp. Worchestershire sauce
3/4 cup sharp cheddar cheese (better if smoky cheddar)
2 tsps fresh or dried parsley leaves, chopped
2 tsps smoked paprika

Directions:
Prepare mashed potatoes. Stir in egg yolk, creamed cheese, half the butter, and sour cream. Consistency should be thick, not watery. Add salt and pepper to taste.
Add Heat 1/2 tbsp olive oil or butter in cast iron or nonstick pan. Add ground lamb when sizzling, reduce heat to medium, and stir frequently until consistently browned, about 4-5 minutes. Pour off excess oil then lightly salt and pepper.
Add chopped onion, carrot, and stewed tomatoes (with juice). Simmer for at least 5 minutes or until vegetables are tender.
Add peas. Reduce heat to low and stir frequently.
While simmering, prepare the gravy separately. Warm the Guiness in a saucepan and add the cube of bullion, crushing and stirring when warm, until cube dissolves throughout liquid.
In a separate pan, heat remaining ounce or two of butter until sizzling and add flour. Stir for one minute until a thick paste. Don't let it brown.
Stir warm Guinness broth into flour/butter paste. Stir for 2-3 minutes or until thick. Then stir entire gravy into simmering meat mixture. Simmer for 5 minutes longer and remove from heat. Mixture should be fairly thick.
Turn on your oven broiler in preparation for the final step.
Ladle meat mixture into the bottom of a greased 9x12 baking dish. Carefully add mashed potatoes on top until covered, like a crust. Grate cheddar cheese on top of mash potatoes, then drizzle parsley. Sprinkle with smoked paprika.
Place this mixture in the oven, 4-6 inches under the broiler. Goal is not to bake, but to merely brown the top of the crust, probably 4-5 minutes. Watch carefully, however, to be sure it doesn't burn. Remove when browned, let cool slightly, and serve.

Submitter: 
Larry Short
Description: 
Yes, shepherd's pie is predominantly thought of as Irish or British. But since I'm Scottish, I thought I'd give it a unique twist to suit my ancestral tastes. The use of lamb, and the smoky, heather taste of Guinness Draught (Irish, I admit) and the topping of sharp cheddar and smoked paprika give this version it's unique, smoky-sweet flavor.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
