URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63096391/jesss-tilapia-fish-tacos/
Title:
Jess's Tilapia Fish Tacos Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/784539.jpg
Ingredients:
Ingredients
Wonton cups:
•	12 (3 1/4 by 3 1/4-inch square) wonton wrappers*
•	1/4 cup canola or vegetable oil
Filling:
•	3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for drizzling
•	3 tilapia fillets (about 8 ounces total), cut into 3/4-inch pieces
•	Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
•	1 avocado, halved, pitted and flesh cut into 1/2-inch cubes
•	1 mango, peeled and flesh cut into 1/2-inch cubes
•	3 green onions, finely chopped
•	8 oz sour cream
•	I can of mexican corn
Dressing:
•	3 tablespoons olive oil
•	2 tablespoons fresh lime juice (from about 2 limes)
•	Kosher salt

Directions:
Special equipment: a 12-count nonstick muffin pan
For the wonton cups: Put an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.
Using a pastry brush, brush each side of the wonton wrappers with canola oil. Gently press the wonton wrappers into the bottom and sides of a 12-count muffin pan. Bake until lightly golden, about 6 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven and let cool for 5 minutes. Gently lift the wonton cups out of the pan and cool completely, about 10 minutes. Cook's Note: The wonton wrappers can burn very quickly in the oven so check them after 5 minutes.
For the filling: In a large, nonstick skillet, heat 3 tablespoons olive oil over medium-high heat. Drizzle the tilapia fillets with olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Arrange the fish in a single layer in the pan and cook until the flesh is flaky and cooked through, about 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Set aside to cool slightly.
For the dressing: In a medium bowl, whisk together the 3 tablespoons of olive oil and the lime juice. Season with salt, to taste. Add the avocado, mango, green onions, fish, corn and sour cream. Toss until all the ingredients are coated.
To assemble the tacos: Put the wonton cups on a platter and divide the avocado mixture into the cups; spoon about 1 to 2 teaspoons per cup.

Submitter: 
jamanleyx
Description: 
Tilapia has a very light fish flavor the mango and lime are tangy this recipes is a tropical creamy tex-mex combination that works. Great for a game night, super bowl parties, potlucks or entertaining. 

goes great with a Lager a crisp, refreshing light beer or rum cocktails
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
35
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
