URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63091102/speedy-chicken-stir-fry/
Title:
Speedy Chicken Stir-Fry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breasts (1 whole breast)
2 cups small broccoli florets
1/2 cup Kraft Light Toasted Sesame Dressing
1/2 cup dry red wine or dry white wine, whatever you have on hand (optional)
2 Tbsp soy sauce
1/4 tsp each: ginger paste*, minced fresh garlic* and crushed red pepper flakes
½ pound angel hair pasta, uncooked
1/3 cup dry roasted peanuts, chopped
* Dry ginger powder and garlic powder may be substituted, using 1/4 tsp each

Directions:
See the TIPS below before preparing this entrée.
In a small bowl combine the soy sauce, garlic, ginger and red pepper flakes and set aside.
Wash the chicken breasts under cold running water, cut into equally sized, bite sized pieces. Be sure that you cut out the artery and discard it. Set the chicken aside.
Cut the top part of the broccoli up, discarding the stump, into equally sized, bite sized pieces and set aside. View the video on AllRecipes.com or Foodwishes.com for this recipe to see what I’m trying to explain.
Bring salted water to a boil and boil the pasta for about 3 minutes then add the broccoli florets and cook for another 3 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside.
Meanwhile, while the water is coming to a boil, spray a non-stick skillet with cooking oil and heat it over med-high heat. Add the chicken to the skillet and cook till the meat is no longer pink in the center, stirring often. Add the dressing, the wine and the reserved mix of soy sauce and cook for one minute, stirring often. Drain the pasta, equally distribute the broccoli and pasta on four serving plates and top each serving with chicken and some sauce. Top each serving with some chopped peanuts.
TIPS:
Serve an Asian inspired salad (from this All Recipes website) and an Asian soup (from this All Recipes website) as a first course. Offer a plate of sliced watermelon for the diners with this main course. Watermelon always tastes great with Asian cuisine. If desired, serve vanilla ice cream with crushed Chinese cookies on top as dessert.

Submitter: 
Dale
Description: 
A video from FoodWishes.com was on the AllRecipes.com website on Jan 31, 2012 for this recipe. I prepared this dish and it was very tasty, easy and quick to make. I posted this recipe as a convenience for the subscribers of AllReccipes.com. I amended the original recipe with the addition of a dry wine to the ingredients for a little more flavor and to provide a little more sauce. I think that this is a great recipe for beginner cooks to try.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
1
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
15 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
