URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63095793/creamy-chicken-mushroom-pot-pie/
Title:
Creamy Chicken & Mushroom Pot-Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups chicken, cooked and chopped
1 container of sliced mushrooms, rinsed and dried.
1 cup corn (frozen or fresh)
1 cup chopped spinach
1 cup chopped onion
1 cup heavy whipping cream
1 cup milk
Approx. 1 cup sherry (or more to taste)
1 packet of Swanson's Chicken FLAVOR BOOST
2 9" pie shell sheets
favorite spices (I used Trader Joe's 21 Seasoning Salute)
1 tsp. poultry seasoning
Butter and Olive Oil as needed for sauteing.

Directions:
Caramelize onions and then add to bowl.
While onions are caramelizing, chop chicken and place in large bowl. Spray 6-8" casserole with cooking spray. Line casserole with one of the dough sheets.
Saute mushrooms, in two batches, until dark, golden and somewhat crispy. Put shrooms into bowl with onions and chicken.
Melt butter, in same pan that shrooms were cooked in. Once butter is melted, add cream, flavor boost, and 1/4 cup of Sherry. Stirring occasionally, allow to reduce to half.
Sprinkle in poultry seasoning, dash of pepper and whatever other spices you like to cook with.
Stir again and add 1/2 cup of milk, another 1/4 cup of sherry and begin reducing again. Keep repeating until you have about 2 cups of thickened tasty sauce, about the consistency of gravy.
Because of reducing, this sauce can easily get too salty. If that happens, ad more milk and reduce again. If, at the end the sauce doesn't taste wine-y enough, add another heavy pour of sherry and let cook down for a few more minutes.
When you add the last of the sherry, add the spinach and corn.
Once spinach wilts and corn is heated through add items from bowl back into pan. Mix thoroughly.
Scoop filling into casserole.
Fold excess dough in toward center.
Take other sheet of dough, lay over top of casserole and trim off excess edges. Use the edges for decor on top of dough if you like.
Press top sheet of dough down on top of filling. Pierce several times for venting.
Bake for approximately 40-45 minutes or until crust is golden brown. If you want a shiny crust, paint with egg white wash before placing in oven.

Submitter: 
mkecupcakequeen
Description: 
I made this recipe up one evening and the results were so delish! Somewhat time consuming, but easy. Don't let the cooking and prep time fool you. It is hearty and rustic and indulgent, the way pot-pie should be.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
