URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63095356/chocolate-mendiants/
Title:
Chocolate Mendiants Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/784227.jpg
Ingredients:
8-oz white, milk or dark chocolate, tempered*
nuts: almonds, walnuts, pistachios
dried fruit: raisins, cranberries, cherries
other toppings: gingersnap cookie pieces, cacao nibs, coarse salt
*****
For a little inspiration, a few of my favorite combinations include:
Almonds, pistachios and dried apricots
Almonds, pistachios and cacao nibs
Walnuts, pistachios and cranberries
Pecans, cherries and gingersnap cookie pieces
Macadamia nuts, dried pineapple and coconut shreds

Directions:
Line a baking sheet or two with parchment paper.
Place nuts, dried fruits and other toppings in small, easy-to-access bowls near your work station.
Pour tempered chocolate into a piping bag or large ziploc bag. Snip a small hole as a tip in the bag and pipe rounds of chocolate about 3/4-inch in diameter onto prepared parchment paper.
Pipe 6-8 rounds of chocolate, then add toppings to them before they set up.
Repeat with remaining chocolate until all of it has been used up.
*Note: You can simply melt your chocolate and still make mendiants with it, but the chocolate will bloom after a little while. Mendiants made with untempered chocolate should be stored in the fridge (to minimize bloom) and eaten quickly, but still make a fun no-fuss snack if you’re planning to just munch on them yourself at home.

Submitter: 
Carrie Roberts
Description: 
Once you have mastered the process of tempering chocolate, you are going to want to be able to do something with all of it. One of the simplest options for your tempered chocolate is using it to dip strawberries, homemade marshmallows or other goodies that you already have around the house that could use a layer of chocolate. The next simplest option is to make Chocolate Mendiants.  Mendiants are a traditional French confection made with a disc of chocolate topped with dried fruits and nuts. They’re typically very colorful and they are so versatile that they never get boring.(Baking Bites)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
x
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
36
Nutritional Facts:
NA
