URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63099596/chicken-with-wheat-berries-and-bulgur-wheat/
Title:
Chicken with Wheat Berries and Bulgur Wheat Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
FOR THE WHEAT BERRIES:
(they take longer to cook than the bulgur wheat)
1 pat	butter
1/2 c	wheat berries
1/4 tsp	salt
1/8 tsp	pepper
1 c	chicken stock or broth
.
FOR THE BULGUR WHEAT:
1 pat	butter
1/2 c	bulgur wheat, uncooked
1/4 tsp	salt
1/8 tsp	pepper
1/2	medium onion, chopped
1	carrot, peeled and chopped
1/4 tsp	oregano
1 to 1 1/4 c	chicken stock or broth
.
TO ASSEMBLE THE DISH:
6—8 oz	cooked chicken breast, chopped
1 tsp	fresh parsley, snipped (optional)
1/2 tsp	lemon juice (optional)

Directions:
Melt 1 pat of butter in a saucepan over medium heat and add the wheat berries, salt and pepper; sauté a few minutes until golden.
Reduce heat to low.  Tilt the pan and push the berries to one side, and add a splash of stock to the bare part of the pan to temper the heat; add remaining part of the cup of stock to the berries; cover and simmer until berries are tender yet chewy, about 1 hour.
Pour berries into a strainer over a measuring cup, capturing any remaining liquid in the cup; fill the cup with chicken broth or stock to make 1 1/4 c; set berries and broth aside.
In a skillet over medium heat, melt the remaining butter and add the bulgur, salt and pepper; sauté a few minutes until golden.
Add the onion and carrot and sauté until the onion is translucent, stirring frequently.
Reduce heat to low.  Tilt the pan and push the mixture to one side, and add a splash of stock to the bare part of the pan to temper the heat; stir and slowly add the remaining part of the 1 1/4 cup of stock.
Stir in the oregano, bring to a boil and then reduce heat to low and let simmer for about 15 minutes or until all liquid is absorbed.
Stir in the wheat berries and chicken just until heated through, about 2 minutes, and garnish with parsley and a few squeezes of lemon juice if desired.

Submitter: 
Fishwrap
Description: 
A healthy meal for two that is different and delicious.  Try it with your favorite veggies or meat, or go meatless--it is an adaptable and very forgiving recipe.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 hr 15 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
