URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63099528/homemade-marshmallows/
Title:
Homemade Marshmallows Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/785705.jpg
Ingredients:
3 envelopes unflavored gelatin
1 1/2 cups water
2 cups granulated sugar
1 cup light corn syrup
1 Tbsp. vanilla extract
Vegetable oil for coating the pan
Confectioners' sugar for coating the candy

Directions:
Oil a 9 x 13-inch pan and set it aside.
In a large mixing bowl, sprinkle the gelatin over 3/4 cup water.  Cover the bowl and set is aside to allow the gelatin to soften until needed.
Combine the sugar, 3/4 cup corn syrup, and the remaining 3/4 cup water in a heavy medium saucepan.  Place the pan over medium heat.  Stir until the sugar dissolves completely and the mixture comes to a boil.
Clip a candy thermometer to the inside of the pan and cook the syrup without stirring until it reaches 240 degrees Fahrenheit (soft ball).  Remove the pan from the heat and add the remaining 1/4 cup corn syrup.
With the mixer on high, beat the hot syrup into the large bowl containing the softened gelatin in a slow steady stream.  Beat for 10 minutes, or until the mixture triples in volume and becomes very stiff.  Beat in the vanilla.
Spread the mixture into the prepared pan.  Smooth the top as much as possible using a think flexible spatula or a wide knife dipped in water.  Set aside uncovered for 8-10 hours at room temperature, or until the mixture is cool and firm.
Dust a large cutting board with confectioners' sugar.  Sift additional confectioners' sugar over the top of the marshmallow.  Don't skimp.  Run a small knife around the edge of the marshmallow to loosen it from the pan.  Invert the pan onto the prepared cutting board.  You may need to coax the marshmallow out of the pan wtih your fingers.  It may also be a little sticky.  Sift more confectioners' sugar over the marshmallow once you have unmolded it.
Cut the marshmallow into 3-inch squares using a sharp knife or a pizza roller.  Dip the cut sides of teh marshmallows in additional confectioners' sugar.  Shake off the excess sugar and store the marshmallows in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 3 weeks.

Submitter: 
Dawn Eberly Wampler
Description: 
From The Ultimate Candy Book by Bruce Weinstein.  This is the recipe my daughter used for her science fair project.  It turns out that Mr. Weinstein's recipe surpassed any modifications made for the project.  Yummy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
:15
Ready in:
9:00
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
