URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63090935/chicken-tikka-masala---new/
Title:
Chicken Tikka Masala - new Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/588417.jpg
Ingredients:
Tandoori Chicken:
1 Chicken weighing 3 lbs skinned or 3 lbs boneless skinless thighs
1/2 lemon
2 tbsp ghee, melted (can substitute butter)
Tandoori Masala Paste:
2 tbsp garlic paste
2 tbsp ginger paste
1 tsp salt
1 tbsp ground paprika
1 tsp ground cinnamon
1 tsp ground cumin
1/2 tsp ground coriander
1/4 tsp chili powder (ideally kashmiri)
pinch of ground cloves
1/4 tsp red food coloring
few drops yellow food coloring
generous 3/4 cup plain yogurt (not vanilla)
Tikka Masala:
14 oz canned chopped tomatoes
4-5 onions, chopped
1 1/4 cups heavy cream
2 tbsp ghee (vegetable oil, peanut oil, or butter works as well)
1 large garlic clove, finely chopped
1 fresh red chili, seeded and chopped
3 tsp ground cumin
2 tsp paprika
1 tsp coriander
1 tbs garam masala
1/2 tsp salt
pepper to taste
kasoori methi to taste (add at the end)
1/4 c Cilantro

Directions:
Tandoori:
Tandoori masala paste: combine the garlic and ginger paste, dry spices, yogurt, and food coloring.  You can use paste now or keep refrigerated for up to 3 days.
Use a small knife to make thin cuts all over the chicken.  Rub the lemon half all over the chicken, then rub the salt into the cuts.
Put the chicken in a deep bowl or large ziplock bag, add the paste, and use your hands to rub it all over the bird and into the cuts.  Cover the bowl w/ plastic wrap and let chill in refrigerator for at least 4 hours, but ideally up to 24 hours.
Remove the chicken from the yogurt but save the remaining yogurt mix. Roast chicken at 400F for about an hour until done and outside is slightly charred. Or Alternately, Grill or smoke the chicken (that's what I do).
Let stand for 10 minutes before carving. Cut the chicken into bite-sized chunks.
Tikka masala:
melt ghee in large skillet with tight fitting pan over medium heat.  Add the onions and cook until golden brown, add the garlic and chili and stir fry for 1 minute.  Stir in cumin, coriander, garam masala, paprika, salt, and pepper to taste and continue frying for 30 sec.
Stir in tomatoes with their juices and cook until tender. add the chicken and remaining yogurt mix
Add the cream, reduce to low and let sauce simmer for about 1 -2 hours, stirring frequently, until it reduces and thickens. You may need to make a small amount of roux to thicken it (3 tbs)
Season with 2 - 3 tbs methi at the end 5 minutes before serving
Adjust season of sauce to taste, adding cumin, garam masala, etc until it tastes good to you.
Garnish with cilantro and serve over basmati rice

Submitter: 
Mandi Harrell Leman
Description: 
This is a recipe we got from a local Indian food restaurant owner.  It is very tasty!Modified from: Chicken Tikka Masala
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 d
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
