URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63097266/banana-pudding-cheese-cake/
Title:
Banana Pudding Cheese cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/784892.jpg
Ingredients:
-1 package vanilla wafers, half turned to crumbs (use a food processor or a roller and a ziploc bag) and half broken in large chunks
-1/4 cup unsalted butter, melted
-3 small bananas, peeled and sliced
-32 oz. cream cheese (can use 1/3 less fat)
-2 cups sugar
-6 eggs
-1 tbsp vanilla extract
-16 oz. sour cream (can use light)
for the glaze-
-1/4 cup brown sugar
-1/8 cup bourbon
-1/4 cup maple syrup
-1/2 lb. pecans, chopped

Directions:
1. To make the cheesecake, preheat oven to 375F. Mix vanilla wafer crumbs with melted butter and press into the bottom of a 9-inch springform (that has been sprayed with cooking spray).
2. Wrap the bottom and sides of the springform with aluminum foil to seal out water.
3. In a mixing bowl, beat the cream cheese on low speed until creamy and blended. Add the sugar and continue to beat on low. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating after each addition. Fold in sour cream and vanilla.
4. Pour 1/3 of the filling into the crust. Sprinkle with sliced bananas and chopped vanilla wafers. Pour anther 1/3 of the filling on top. Sprinkle with remaining sliced bananas and chopped vanilla wafers. Pour the remaining filling into the pan (you can also choose to do just 1 layer of bananas and vanilla wafers. Either way, don't overfill your springform pan--leave at least 1/2-inch at the top to avoid overflow!)
5. Bake for 45 minutes in a water bath (place cheesecake pan in another pan and add water so that it comes halfway up the sides of the springform).
6. Leave oven door closed and turn off heat. Allow cheesecake to stand for one hour. Remove from oven and allow to come to room temperature before covering and chilling for at least 8 hours.
7. Before serving, bring all of the glaze ingredients (NOT the pecans) to a simmer in a small saucepan. Whisk until sugar is dissolved and mixture thickens and reduces by half. Spread glaze over cooled cheesecake. Sprinkle on the pecans and press them in lightly. Refrigerate until ready to serve.

Submitter: 
Terry Goff Tripp
Description: 
Yummy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
2 hrs
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
