URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63095409/portuguese-kale-and-sausage-soup/
Title:
Portuguese Kale and Sausage Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 Tbsp. olive oil
1 lb. turkey kielbasa, sliced into bite-sized rounds
1 lb. other sausage (can repeat turkey kielbasa, or try Chorizo or Portuguese linguica sausage), sliced into bite-sized rounds
6 cloves garlic, minced
1 large yellow onion, chopped
1/4 c. chopped parsley (fresh or dried)
4 quarts chicken stock (can also use vegetable stock, but make sure it's NOT the kind with tomatoes in it)
2 bay leaves
1/4 tsp. dried thyme
1/2 tsp. crushed red pepper flakes
2 large Yukon gold potatoes, scrubbed and diced
2 large Red Bliss potatoes, scrubbed and diced
1 (14-oz.) can red kidney beans, drained, not rinsed
1 (14-oz.) can cannellini beans, drained, not rinsed
1 pound kale, well washed, stemmed and torn into bite-sized pieces
Crusty bread to serve it with

Directions:
Heat olive oil in a very large stockpot over medium heat.  Add the sausage, garlic and onion, and cook, stirring, until onions are just translucent.  Add parsley and stock and bring to a boil.
Add bay leaves, thyme and crushed red pepper.  Add potatoes, beans and kale.  Simmer until potatoes are tender (abt. 30 more min).  Skim off any fat that rises to the surface.  Remove bay leaves.
Soup is now ready to serve, but I like to let it simmer a bit longer to really meld the flavors.  Feel free to even turn off the heat and let it sit for a few hours on the stove, covered, then bring it to a boil again before serving.  I am also quite liberal with the crushed red pepper and some black pepper for seasoning - I like a meal that bites back!
This soup also freezes really well, so you can serve half now and save half for later.

Submitter: 
MamaLearnsToCook
Description: 
The first time I ever had this soup was at a soup stand on the harbor in Boston on a frigid winter's day, when everyone else in my group ate clam chowder.  (I'm not a seafood soup fan.)  The flavors stayed with me for years and I finally found a recipe online (www.capecodtoday.com/news80.htm) that brought me right back to that day.   This is my take on that recipe.  Everyone I've ever served it to raves!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min.
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
