URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63104508/thai-yellow-fried-rice-with-shrimp/
Title:
Thai Yellow Fried Rice with Shrimp Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/794006.jpg
Ingredients:
4 cups of cooked rice (preferably several days old)
10-14 medium raw shrimp, peeled and deveined
1/2 cup of fresh coriander (cilantro), lightly chopped
3 green onions, sliced
2 tbs white wine (or white cooking wine or sherry)
3 cloves garlic, minced
2 eggs
3 tbs oil, such as canola
1/2 tomato chopped
1/2 yellow onion chopped
STIR FRY SAUCE
1/2 tsp shrimp paste
1 1/2 tbs fish sauce
1 tsp sugar
1 tbs soy sauce
1/4 tsp ground white pepper
1/4 tsp to 1/3 tsp tumeric
1-3 tsp chili sauce

Directions:
Start with cold, cooked rice.  Place rice into a large bowl with 1 tsp oil.  Use your fingers to mix the oil into the rice and separate the clumps.  Continue working your fingers through until the rice is more or less separated into grains.  Set aside.
Mix the stir fry sauce ingredients together in a cup.
Place a wok or large frying pan over medium-high heat.  When the pan is hot, add 2 tbs oil, plus the garlic, onion and shrimp.  Stir fry 1-2 minutes, or until shrimp is pink and plump.  Add a few tsp wine/cooking wine whenever the wok becomes dry.  Push the shrimp and garlic to the side of the pan.  Add a little more oil into the center of the pan, then break the eggs into this space.  Quickly fry the eggs, as if you were making scrambled eggs, about 1 minute.  (Note:  if you find that the eggs stick to the bottom of your pan, you can fry them in a separate pan and add them).
Be sure to keep the pan hot for these last few steps (medium-high heat).  Add the rice, then pour the sauce over top, distributing it as evenly as possible over the rice.  Quickly begin "tossing" the rice in the pan, using a shoveling-like motion (lifting from the bottom of the pan).  Add the tomato.  Continue stir frying this way for about 3 minutes or until rice is hot.  (When the rice is done, you will hear it starting to pop in the pan)
Taste test the rice for saltiness.  If needed, add a little more fish sauce, 1/2 tbs at a time and continue to stir fry until desired taste is achieved.  Remove from heat.
Sprinkle with green onion and coriander.  Serve with cucumbers, and Thai chili sauce on the side if desired.

Submitter: 
Ursula Blakely
Description: 
Courtesy Darlene Schmidt, About.com
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
20 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
