URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63104680/ultimate-banana-bread/
Title:
Ultimate Banana Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/787759.jpg
Ingredients:
1-3/4 cups all purpose flour
1 tsp baking soda
1/2 tsp salt
7 large, very ripe bananas peeled
1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter
2 large eggs
3/4 cup packed brown sugar
1 tsp vanilla extract
1/2 cup walnuts (optional)
2 tsp granulated sugar

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit. Spray 8-1/2 by 4-1/2 loaf pan with vegetable oil spray. Combine flour, beaking soda and salt together in Mixer or Large bowl.
Place 6 banana's in medium size bowl, cover with plastic wrap and cut several steam vents in plastic with paring knife. Microwave until bananas are soft and have released liquid, about 5 minutes. Transfer bananas to fine-mesh strainer placed over medium bowl and allow to drain, stirring occasionally for 15 minutes. (You should have 1/2 to 3/4 cup liquid). Transfer bananas to bowl.
Transfer liquid to medium saucepan and cook over medium-high head until reduced to 1/4 cup, about 5 minutes. Remove pan from heat, stir reduced liquid into bananas, and mash with potato masher until fairly smooth. Whisk in butter, eggs, brown sugar, and vanilla.
Pour banana mixutre into flour mixture and stir just until combined with some streaks of flour remaining. Gently fold in walnuts, if using. Scrape batter into prepared pan. Slice remaining banana diagonally into 1/4 inch thick slices. Shingle banana slices on top of either side of loaf, leaving 1-1/2 inch wide space down the center to ensure rise. Sprinkle granulated sugar evenly over loaf.
Bakeuntil toothpick inserted in center of loaf comes out clean 55 to 75 minutes, rotating pan halfway through baking. Cool bread on wire rack for 15 minutes and then remove loaf from pan and continue to cool on wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature. (Banana bread can be stored for up to 3 days.)

Submitter: 
ANGELSTAR
Description: 
Banana bread recipe off that famous television show about testing all the recipes and finding the best one. Tip: Throw your almost all brown banana's in the freezer to save for this recipe. Almost all brown banana's contain triple the fructose (and flavor) than regularly ripe ones.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
60 - 80 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
