URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63105704/chicken-divan-quick-version/
Title:
Chicken Divan (Quick Version) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2	pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs
2	stalks celery
2	carrots
½ 	medium yellow onion
1	bay leaf
1	teaspoon salt
2	chicken bouillon cubes
1 1/2	cups steamed broccoli (fresh is best)
1	can cream of celery soup
¾ 	cup light mayonnaise
1	teaspoon curry powder
½	teaspoon salt
2	tablespoons lemon juice
pinch of sugar
1 	cup grated 2% cheddar cheese

Directions:
Stew the chicken thighs with the celery, carrots, onion, bay leaf, salt and bouillon until chicken is cooked through.  Cut chicken into bite-sized pieces.
If you use fresh broccoli you might want to microwave it with a tablespoon of water just until the broccoli cooks slightly. It should still be crunchy because it is going to cook more later.
Layer the broccoli in the bottom of the pan, and then the cooked chicken.
In a bowl, add the cream of celery soup (or cream of chicken, or cream of mushroom in a pinch), mayonnaise, pinch of sugar (maybe ¼ tsp?), curry powder, salt (or a little less), and lemon juice. Mix well with a whisk.  Pour over the chicken & broccoli, and then top with grated sharp cheddar cheese.
Bake in a 350 °F oven until the dish is warmed through and the cheese melts.

Submitter: 
goodeats
Description: 
Our wonderful neighbor brought this meal to us after our second child was born. She added steamed rice, apple Waldorf salad, and blueberry muffins. It was one of the most delicious meals we have ever had!

The original recipe uses a whole stewing hen, skinning and deboning after stewing it, and uses only the white meat. My family prefers dark meat, so I use boneless, skinless thighs instead of breasts in this quick version. Feel free to use whichever you prefer!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1.5 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
