URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63103090/grilled-crab-stuffed-filet-mignon-with-gorgonzola-cream-sauce/
Title:
Grilled Crab Stuffed Filet Mignon with Gorgonzola Cream Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/793859.jpg
Ingredients:
CRAB STUFFING:
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 teaspoon minced onion
1 teaspoon minced green onion
1 teaspoon minced garlic
1 teaspoon minced celery
1 teaspoon minced green bell pepper
2 tablespoons shrimp stock or water
1 (6 ounce) can crab meat, drained
2 tablespoons bread crumbs
1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning
GORGONZOLA CREAM SAUCE:
4 cups heavy cream
3 ounces crumbled Gorgonzola cheese
3 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese
3/4 teaspoon salt
3/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg
STEAKS:
4 (8 ounce) fillets beef tenderloin
salt and ground black pepper to taste
12 slices thick sliced bacon, chopped
4 green onions, chopped

Directions:
Make Crab Stuffing: Heat 2 T olive oil in a large skillet. Saute onion, green onion, garlic, celery, and green pepper until tender. Stir in stock/water, crab meat, bread crumb, and Cajun seasoning. Remove from heat and set aside.
Pour heavy cream into a saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce heat and simmer until the cream has reduced by half, stirring occasionally, about an hour. Remove from heat and whisk in the Gorgonzola cheese and Parmesan cheese, salt, pepper, and nutmeg, until the cheese has melted.
Prepare Steaks: Slice a pocket into the side of each steak, and stuff generously with crab stuffing. Wrap bacon around side and secure with toothpicks.  Season to taste with salt and pepper; set aside. Place the remaining bacon in a large, deep skillet, and cook over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain the bacon on a paper towel-lined plate.
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat, and lightly oil the grate.
Cook the steaks until they start to firm, 3 to 5 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 130 degrees F (54 degrees C). Remove the steaks from the grill and tent with foil to rest for 5 to 10 minutes. Serve each steak with the Gorgonzola sauce and top with crumbled bacon and chopped green onion.

Submitter: 
Afrika M
Description: 
Tender filet mignon is stuffed with crab, wrapped in bacon and drizzled with a savory Gorgonzola cream sauce and topped with crumbled bacon bits and sliced green onions.Modified from: Grilled Filet Mignon with Gorgonzola Cream Sauce
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
