URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63107348/raspberry-white-chocolate-swirl-cheesecake/
Title:
Raspberry White Chocolate Swirl Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/788762.jpg
Ingredients:
For Crust
1 stick unsalted butter, melted, plus room-temperature      butter for pan
2 pkg. graham crackers (approx. 2 cp.)
1 cp. sugar
1/4 teaspoon salt
For Filling
2 1/2 pounds bar cream cheese, room temperature (4-5 blocks room temp.)
1 cp. sugar
1 T. fresh lemon juice
1 t. vanilla
4 large eggs (room temp)
1 cup sour cream
Dash of salt
2 cp. white chocolate chips (melted with1/2 cp. half-and-half cream)
6T. seedless Raspberry jam

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Make crust: Butter a 10-by-3-inch spring form pan. In a food processor, pulse graham crackers until fine crumbs form; add melted butter, sugar, and salt, and pulse to combine. Press crumb mixture into bottom and about 1 inch up side of pan. Bake until set, 10-12 minutes; let cool on a wire rack. Reduce oven to 350 degrees. Wrap exterior of spring form pan (including base) in foil; set aside.
Put cream cheese in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment; mix on medium speed until fluffy, about 3 minutes. With mixer on low speed, add remaining 1 cup sugar in a slow, steady stream. Add salt, vanilla and lemon juice; mix until well combined. Add eggs, one at a time, mixing each until just combined (do not over mix).  Add in sour cream then melted white chocolate.                                                                                      Pour half the cream cheese filling over crust.
~ Microwave raspberry jam for 45 sec. or until liquid and stir.
Drop ½ the raspberry jam by the teaspoon on top. With a wooden skewer or toothpick, swirl sauce into filling.
Pour remaining cheesecake batter in pan and repeat with raspberry jam.
Set cake pan inside a large, shallow roasting pan. Transfer to oven. Carefully ladle boiling water into roasting pan to reach halfway up sides of cake pan. Bake until cake is set but still slightly wobbly in center, 60 to 65 minutes.  Turn oven off and leave cake in the oven for 1 hour.
Transfer cake pan to rack; let cake cool completely. Refrigerate, uncovered, 6 hours or overnight. Before unmolding, run a knife around edge of cake.

Submitter: 
Katzmeow
Description: 
This New York-style cheesecake has a crumbly graham cracker crust and a silky filling that includes cream cheese, sour cream, and just a touch of lemon.  The white Chocolate and Raspberry swirl is an incredible addition.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
60 min.
Ready in:
8 hrs.
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
