URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63101369/vegan-tuna-noodle-casserole/
Title:
Vegan "Tuna" Noodle Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/791771.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (8 ounce) package uncooked bow-tie pasta
1 tbs. olive oil
1/2 medium onion, finely chopped
1 stalk celery, finely chopped
1 clove garlic, minced
8 ounces button mushrooms, sliced
4 tbs. vegan margarine (I use Earth Balance)
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
2 cups almond milk, or other non-dairy milk
1 cup shredded cheddar-flavored Daiya vegan cheese
1/4 cup nutritional yeast
salt and pepper to taste
1 (5-oz) roll of vegan "tuna"
1 cup frozen peas, thawed
6 tablespoons bread crumbs
4 tablespoons vegan margarine, melted

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add bow-tie noodles, cook according to package directions and drain.
Add olive oil to a medium skillet over medium heat. Stir in the onion, celery, and garlic, and cook 5-7 minutes, until tender. Increase heat to medium-high, and mix in mushrooms. Continue to cook and stir 5 minutes, or until mushrooms have softened completely.
Melt 4 tablespoons vegan margarine in a medium saucepan, and whisk in flour until smooth. Cook for one minute until slightly darkened. Gradually whisk in non-dairy milk, and continue cooking 5 minutes, until sauce is smooth and slightly thickened. Add the vegan cheese and nutritional yeast and whisk until smooth and melted.
Add "tuna", peas, mushroom mixture, and cooked noodles to sauce. Season with salt and pepper.
Spray four individually-sized baking or casserole dishes, then transfer the mixture into the dishes. Melt margarine in the microwave and mix it with bread crumbs. Sprinkle over the casseroles. Bake 25 minutes in the preheated oven, or until bubbly and lightly browned.

Submitter: 
Percy Lee Owen
Description: 
A delicious vegan take on tuna casserole that will have your guests begging for more.Modified from: Tuna Noodle Casserole from Scratch
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
