URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63103962/swiss-meringue-butter-cream-three-ways/
Title:
Swiss Meringue Butter Cream Three Ways Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/787476.jpg
Ingredients:
4 large egg whites
1 cup pure cane granulated sugar
1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar
1 pound unsalted butter, room temp cut in small cubes
2 teaspoons pure vanilla
pinch of salt

Directions:
In a metal mixing bowl add your egg whites, sugar, cream of tartar and salt. Place your bowl on top of a double broiler or a pot filled with water on low heat. Place a candy thermometer inside the bowl and whisk the ingredients until the temperature reaches 140 degrees. Once your mixture has reached the correct temperature turn off your stove and transfer to your mixer. Using a whisk attachment whip the mixture on medium speed for about 8 to 10 minutes until stiff peaks have formed and the mixture has cooled. Switch your attachment from the whisk to the flat paddle. On low speed start adding the butter a few pieces at a time. You don't want to add all the butter at one time. Don't worry if the mixture starts to look curdled. Once you have added all of the butter add the vanilla. Turn the mixer back up to medium speed and whip the frosting until it is light and fluffy about 8 to 10 minutes. If you are making a vanilla butter cream you are finished. If you want a Peanut Butter Swiss Meringue substitute 1 cup packed light brown sugar for the granulated sugar and add 1/4 cup creamy peanut butter whip until fluffy. If you want a Caramel Swill Meringue add 1/4 cup homemade caramel sauce or caramel ice cream topping and whip until fluffy. Just remember if you store your frosting for later use you will need to re whip the frosting before use. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Angela Welch
Description: 
This is a terrific light and airy butter cream recipe. If you are looking for a frosting to substitute for whipped cream to decorate a cake this is it. This basic recipe can be made into three flavors Vanilla, Caramel and Peanut Butter.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
