URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63109016/classic-thai-chicken-fried-rice/
Title:
Classic Thai Chicken Fried Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4-5 cups cooked rice, preferably several days old
1 boneless chicken breast, chopped into small bits
1 tbs soy sauce
4 green onions, sliced, white parts separate from green
3-4 cloves garlic, minced
1 thumb sized piece of ginger, sliced into thin matchsticks
1 red or green chili, thinly sliced (or less for milder rice)
5-7 fresh shitake mushrooms, chopped into small pieces
1 egg
2-3 tbs olive oil
STIR FRY SAUCE
3 tbs chicken stock
3 tbs fish sauce
2 tbs soy sauce
1 tbs lime juice
1/4 tsp ground white pepper
1/4 tsp sugar

Directions:
Pour a teaspoon or so of oil onto your fingers and work through the rice, separating clumps back into grains.  To prepare chicken, chop into small pieces and place in a bowl.  Pour 1 tablespoon of soy sauce over chicken and stir.  Set aside.
Combine all of the stir fry sauce ingredients together in a cup, stirring to dissolve the sugar and pepper.  Set aside.
Warm a wok or large frying pan over high or medium high heat.  Drizzle in 2 tablespoons of oil and swirl around, then add the white parts of the onion, garlic, ginger, and chili.  Stir fry 1 minute, then add the chicken.  Stir fry 2-3 minutes, or until chicken turns evenly opaque on the outside.
Add the mushrooms and stir fry 2-3 more minutes until mushrooms and chicken are cooked through.  If you wok/pan becomes too dry, add 1-2 tablespoons of chicken stock or white wine.
Keeping heat high, add the rice.  Stir fry everything together using a spatula or other flat utensil to gently lift and turn the rice.  After frying for 1 minute, gradually begin adding the sauce you made, 1-2 tablespoons at a time.  Continue stir frying in this way 6-10 minutes, or until all the sauce has been added.  (The idea is to keep the pan as dry as possible throughout the frying process).
Push everything to the side to reveal the center of the pan.  Crack in the egg and quickly stir-fry to scramble.  Note that the egg will dry out the pan, which is what you want at this stage.  Continue stir frying everything together for 2 more minutes, until rice is light and falls easily into separate grains.
Switch off the heat and taste test, adding more fish sauce until the desired flavor and saltiness is achieved.  If the rice is too salty, add a squeeze of lime juice.  Top with reserved green onion and serve w/thai chili sauce

Submitter: 
Ursula Blakely
Description: 
Courtesy Darlene Schmidt, About.com
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
