URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63104174/1960s-lasagna/
Title:
1960's Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb hamburger
6 green onions, diced
2 8 oz cans tomato sauce
1 Pkg Lasagna Noodles
Salt & Pepper to taste
16 oz Cottage Cheese
16 oz Sour Cream
2 Cups Cheddar Cheese, Shredded

Directions:
In a large skillet on medium high heat start browning the hamburger.  Add the green onions and continue cooking 'till all the hamburger has browned, drain the grease and return the meat to the pan and add the tomato sauce, salt & pepper.  Let simmer while you prepare the rest.
In a large pot of boiling (salt optional) water add the lasagna noodles and cook until they are just beginning to soften (al dente).  Drain and set aside to somewhat cool.
In a large bowl mix the sour cream and cottage cheese then stir in the lasagna noodles to coat.  Hands work best just be careful-the noodles are still hot.
Pre heat the oven to 350*.
In a 9x13 baking dish or pan start the layers with the coated lasagna noodles, laying down 3 side by side, spreading a little of the cottage cheese mixture around on them if they don't already look well coated.  Add a thin layer of the simmering meat mixture and a sprinkle of the cheddar cheese and start again with the well coated lasagna noodles.  Make 3 to 4 layers depending on how much meat sauce you have, you want the last layer to have the meat on top.  If you have any of the cottage cheese/sour cream left spread that over the top.  Sprinkle the top with the last of the cheddar cheese.
Bake for 30 - 45 minutes or until the top cheese is completely melted and you can see everything is bubbling.  Let cool for a few minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Dragonfly
Description: 
This recipe has been used by my family since my Grandma cut it out of a magazine in the 1960's!  Time tested and family approved!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
90 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
