URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63103599/peanut-butter-cupcakes/
Title:
Peanut Butter CUPcakes! Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/787336.jpg
Ingredients:
Cupcakes:
1 (18.25 ounce) package devil’s food cake mix
1 (5.9 ounce) package instant chocolate pudding mix
1 cup sour cream
1 cup vegetable oil
4 eggs, lightly beaten
2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract
1 tablespoon Starbucks VIA Caramel instant coffee
stirred in a 1/2 cup warm water
24 Reese’s Miniatures; frozen
Peanut Butter frosting:
3 sticks unsalted butter, softened
1 cup creamy peanut butter
2 tablespoons vanilla extract
2 pounds confectioners’ sugar, sifted
8 tablespoons heavy cream
Ganache:
4 oz bittersweet chocolate, chopped small pieces
1/2 cup heavy whipping cream
2 tablespoons honey
2 tablespoons light corn syrup
2 teaspoons vanilla

Directions:
Cupcakes:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line muffin pan with paper liners.
In the bowl beat together the cake and pudding mixes, sour cream, oil, eggs, vanilla and espresso water mixture. Beat for about two minutes on medium speed until well combined.
Pour batter into cups. Press one frozen Reese’s Miniature into the center of each cupcake.
Bake in preheated oven for 18-22 minutes or until the tops of the cakes spring back when lightly touched. There will be a small sink hole in the top of the cupcakes. Allow cupcakes to cool inside muffin pan for about 10 minutes.
Remove cupcakes from muffin pan and allow to fully cool.
Peanut Butter frosting:
In a large bowl, cream butter and peanut butter on medium speed until fluffy. Turn your mixer down to low speed and slowly add in the confectioner’s sugar, and continue mixing until well blended.
Add vanilla and 4 tablespoons of heavy cream. Blend on low speed until moistened. Add an additional 4 tablespoons of heavy cream until frosting is smooth and fluffy
Pipe frosting onto cooled cupcakes.
Ganache:
In a small saucepan over medium heat, warm the heavy cream until very hot, but not boiling.
Place chocolate pieces in a heat safe bowl. Pour the hot cream over the chocolate and allow it to sit for about 5 minutes. Whisk the cream and chocolate until smooth and thoroughly combined. Whisk in the honey, corn syrup, and vanilla. Allow to cool, but do not let the glaze sit for too long or it will harden up before you spoon it over the frosting.
Spoon the glaze on the tops of the frosted cupcakes, allowing it to drip down the sides a little bit. Don’t add too much glaze or it will drip all over your liners.

Submitter: 
DdAyWeN
Description: 
Words cant describe how delicious these are.  These are very rich and moist. The frosting is light and fluffy, not to peanut buttery.  I felt like I was eating a big peanut butter cup.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
