URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63109480/surimi-rolls/
Title:
Surimi Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 C Jasmine Rice
1/2 Tbs Sugar
1 Tbs Rice Vinegar
1 C diced fake crab meat
1/4 C Miracle Whip
1/4 Tsp Paprika
1/4 Tsp Sesame Seed Oil
1 Tbs Black or white sesame seeds
4 Nori Sheets (Dried Seaweed Sheets)
Wasabi Dipping Sauce
1/2 Tsp Wasabi paste (store bought in tube){This stuff is like fire in your head and chest so adjust to what you can handle!}
3 strips Pickled Ginger (store bought jar)
1 Tbs Soy Sauce

Directions:
Cook the Jasmine Rice according to package directions.  Turn out into a heat safe dish and stir in the sugar and rice vinegar.  Set aside.
In a medium sized bowl mix the finely diced up crab with the Miracle Whip, Paprika, Sesame Oil and Seeds.
Place one sheet of Nori on a flat surface and with your wet hand spread rice completely over the nori about a 1/2 inch thick.  Leave a clean 1 inch edge of the Nori at the top. Again, using your wet hand, tamp down the base and the edges (as if you were making a hamburger patty).
Pile the crabmeat in a line an inch from the edge closest to you and start rolling it up from the bottom keeping a tight tube and tamping the ends to keep rice inside. Wet the top edge of the Nori sheet and finish rolling.  Set aside, seam side down and cover to keep them moist.  Continue on until all the crab mixture and rice is used.
You should now have 4 rolled tubes.  With a VERY sharp WET knife cut the tubes into sliced rolls, re-wetting your knife between each cut.
Serve immediately with wasabi dipping sauce.
Wasabi Dipping Sauce - In a very small shallow dish squeeze out about a 1/2 inch of the Wasabi paste.  Squeeze the juice out of the pickled ginger strips into the dish - you should have about 1 tsp of juice, if not squeeze a few more strips.  Stir this mixture (flat end of a chop stick works best)until the wasabi is completely liquid and you can't feel anymore sand like grains.  Add the soy sauce & stir tasting just a bit from the tip of your finger.  If its too salty add water by the tsp.  If its too spicy add more ginger juice.  Optional - Finely dice the squeezed ginger and add to sauce for extra flavor.

Submitter: 
Dragonfly
Description: 
I never know what to call these but they are like a california Sushi Roll but have only chopped fake crab inside.  They would be excellent with avocado slices or cucumber but this is the easy peasy version.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
