URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63111253/chicken-cordon-bleu-ii/
Title:
Chicken Cordon Bleu II Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/790522.jpg
Ingredients:
6 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
6 slices Swiss cheese
6 slices ham
2 eggs, lightly beaten
Panko bread crumbs
1 teaspoon paprika
1 1/2 sticks butter
1 chicken bouillon granules
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
3 tablespoon cornstarch
3 cup heavy whipping cream

Directions:
Pound chicken breasts until thin.  Roll Swiss cheese, then roll ham slice(s) around cheese.  Spread a small amount of Dijon mustard on one side of ham and cheese, then roll chicken around ham and cheese, folding the edge of chicken over filling; secure bundle with pre-soaked toothpicks or chef's twine.
Dredge each prepared chicken breast in egg wash; then in Panko crumbs (with paprika and garlic powder).  Allow coated chicken to rest for a few moments.  Meanwhile, line a shallow baking dish with foil and set aside.  Place 1 1/2 sticks of butter in a large skillet.  Melt butter and add chicken pieces.  Brown on all sides.
Remove chicken to shallow baking dish.  Place in pre-heated, 350 degree oven for 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, in the same skillet, over medium-high heat, add the cooking wine, bouillon, and a pinch of garlic powder to drippings.  Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer for 25 -30 minutes, while chicken bakes in oven.
Remove chicken to a warm platter; remove toothpicks.
Turn skillet off.  Blend the cornstarch with the cream and finely chopped thyme in a small cold bowl, and whisk slowly into the skillet contents.  Turn skillet back on to medium-high heat and cook, stirring continuously until thickened.  Pour sauce over the chicken.  Top with a light sprinkling of chopped fresh thyme.

Submitter: 
Carol Hammond
Description: 
The standard Cordon Bleu swimming in a creamy wine sauce.Modified from: Chicken Cordon Bleu II
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
