URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63113346/rtms-spicy-beef-pork-chili/
Title:
RTM's Spicy Beef & Pork Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tbs butter
1 red bell pepper, diced
1 yellow bell pepper, diced
1 green bell pepper, diced
4 jalapenos, minced
3-4 chipotle chiles in adobo sauce, seeded & minced
2 tbs adobo sauce from can of chipotles
2 Serrano chiles
3 Anaheim chiles, roasted, peeled & chopped
3 poblano chiles, roasted, peeled & chopped
2 cups yellow onions, diced (about 2 onions)
1/4 cup garlic, minced (about 1 head of garlic)
2 lbs boneless chuck or stew meat, trimmed and cut into 1/4 inch cubes
1 lb 98% lean ground beef
1 lb spicy Italian pork sausage
8 sliced thick cut applewood smoked bacon, chopped
2 tsp granulated onion
2 tsp granulated garlic
2 tbs chili powder
1 tbs chipotle chili pepper
1 tbs ancho chili pepper
2 tsp dried oregano
1 tbs smoked paprika
2 tsp ground cumin
2 tsp ground coriander
2 tsp cayenne pepper
2 tsp kosher salt
2 tsp freshly ground black pepper
36 ounces diced tomatoes with juice
2 cups tomato sauce
1 cup tomato paste
12 ounces lager beer
1 cup chicken broth
2 15.5 oz cans pinto beans, drained
2 15.5 oz cans kidney beans, drained
2 15.5 oz cans black beans, drained

Directions:
To roast the peppers, place in broiler on a cookie sheet lightly coated with canola oil. Pay close attention to the peppers as they will burn easily. Once roasted place in a covered bowl long enough to be able to handle them by hand. Once cooled the skins should be easy to remove after being steamed in covered bowl. Open the chiles and scrape out the seeds and dice.
In a large stock pot or dutch oven cook bacon over medium heat until lightly crisp, stirring occasionally. Once bacon is browned remove from pot and place on paper towel to drain. Drain all but 2-3 tbs of bacon grease from pot and add butter to remaining grease. Add bell peppers (red, yellow & green) jalapenos, chiles & onions and cook until caramelized, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and saute a minute longer. Add the ground beef and sausage and brown stirring gently trying not to break up the meat too much. Cook the meat until nicely browned and cooked through, about 7-10 minutes.
During the above step in a separate pan using 1-2 tbs of the removed bacon grease brown the chuck. when browned add to the pot of ingredients. Use chicken stock to de-glaze the pan used to brown the chuck.
Add the granulated onion, granulated garlic, chili powder, ancho chili pepper, chipotle chili pepper, cumin, coriander, cayenne pepper, kosher salt, black pepper, oregano & smoked paprika to pot of ingredients and cook for 1 minute. Add the tomato sauce and paste, beans, diced tomatoes, beer and deglazed chicken stock. Lower heat and simmer for 2 hours.

Submitter: 
pilotbum
Description: 
Spicy chili with ground beef, Boneless chuck & Spicy Italian pork sausage
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
3-4 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
