URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63117277/jelly-doughnut-cupcakes/
Title:
Jelly Doughnut Cupcakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/792891.jpg
Ingredients:
18.5 ounces (1 package) plain yellow cake mix
3.4 ounces (1 package) instant vanilla pudding mix (French variation is optional)
1 cup whole milk
1 cup vegetable oil
4 eggs
12 ounces (1 jar) of your favorite jam, preferably raspberry or strawberry
Sugar (powdered or granulated) for dusting

Directions:
Preheat your oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit. Prepare your pan, either spritzing with cooking mist or polishing with extra vegetable oil.
Put cake mix, pudding mix, milk, oil and eggs into one large bowl. Blend together using an electric hand mixer (or a Kitchen Aid one, if you prefer), and keep it going until everything comes together, and no dry spots are left. Scrape down the sides and stir one last time.
Using whatever tool you find handiest (I use an ice cream scoop), fill the liners about halfway full, about two or three scoops per well. If there is extra, prep another muffin tin, if you have it. Discard extra liners.
Bake in the oven for about 18 to 20 minutes, or until golden brown. Check doneness using a knife or toothpick. (You're going to puncture these things, anyway, so don't worry about any large gaps leftover from this method)
Let cool somewhere away from the heat.
Once cooled, it's time to fill them with jelly. This can go one of two methods. You may either fill a pastry bag with the jelly of your choice, or you can cut a plug out of the cupcakes and spoon the filling inside.
Afterward, dust with sugar. Serve. Devour.

Submitter: 
MermaidSmoothie
Description: 
I noticed there wasn't a recipe like this on the site, so I decided to upload one! 

A French vanilla flavored cake, filled with strawberry jam and dusted with sugar. Friends and family will gobble them up!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
