URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63118902/teriyaki-salmon-with-sesame-noodles-and-stir-fry-veggies/
Title:
Teriyaki Salmon with sesame noodles and stir fry veggies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 x 125g Spring onions
2 Salmon fillets (~250g)
275g Egg noodles
1 Tbsp Sesame oil
2 Tbsp Soy Sauce
2 Tbsp Sesame seeds
200 mL Teriyaki Sauce
250g Stir fry veggie assortment - broccoli, pea pods, baby corn, etc.

Directions:
Trim the spring onions, retaining the pale green and white.
Heat a frying pan over a medium heat and stir-fry the sesame seeds for a couple of minutes until pale golden.  Tip onto a saucer.
Pour the teriyaki sauce into the pan.  Add the spring onions and simmer for 3-4 minutes until tender.  Scoop the spring onions onto a plate and cover to keep warm.
Boil the teriyaki sauce for a few minutes until it is thick and has reduced to about one-third. Remove sauce from pan and put into a bowl.
Rinse out pan, return pan to cooker and place on medium-high heat.  Add 1 Tbsp Olive oil.  When pan is hot, add stir fry veggies and cook for 3-4 minutes.
Line the grill pan with foil and lay out the salmon.
Boil the noodles in plenty of salted water for 4 minutes, stirring a couple of times to loosen the noodle coils.  Drain and return to the pan with the toasted sesame oil, 2 Tbsp soy sauce and half the sesame seeds.  Stir and keep warm.
Baste the salmon liberally with the reduced teriyaki sauce.  Turn on the over-head grill to its highest setting.  Cook for 2 minutes, baste again and then cook for a further 2-3 minutes until just cooked through.
Toss the noodles again and place in the middle of 2 warmed plates or bowls.  Top with the warm spring onions and lay a fillet of salmon over the top.  Sprinkle the remaining sesame seeds over the salmon.  Spoon half the stir fry veggies onto each of the plates.

Submitter: 
Julie
Description: 
Simple, delicious, and easy.  A quick, healthy and wonderful midweek meal.  Buon Appetito!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5
Ready in:
35
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
