URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63119816/roasted-veggie-antipasto/
Title:
Roasted Veggie Antipasto Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 each medium sized pepper, red, green and yellow, finely chopped
1.5 cups of green beans, cut into 1/2" pieces
1 large white onion, finely chopped
12 cloves of garlic, pressed or finely chopped
1 large head broccoli finely chopped
1/2 medium head cauliflower, finely chopped
2 stocks of celery, finely chopped
2 cups mushrooms finely chopped
1/4c olive oil
4 medium tomatoes,peeled and chopped
(or 1 large can diced tomatoes)
2 cups ketchup
3/4 cup white vinegar and a dash of balsamic vinegar
1 can pitted black olives, drained and coarsely chopped
1 jar green olives, drained and coarsely chopped
1 bunch of fresh basil or oregano, chopped
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
1. Prepare fresh veggies, place in a large bowl and toss with veggies. Preheat oven 425'.
2. Spread fresh veggies on two large baking trays and roast for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.
3. Prepare canning pot with water and bring to a boil.
4. about 10 min. before veggies are done, place tomatoes, ketchup and vinegars,in a large (non aluminum) pot. Bring to a gentle simmer and cook for 5 min.
5. Sterilize 12 - 8 oz. canning jars in boiling water for 10 min. Place seals and bands in a small pot of boiling water for 5 min.
6. Add roasted veggies, olives to tomato mixture and simmer for another 5 min.
7. Place seals and rings in a small pot of boiling water for 5 min.
8. Remove mixture from heat and add herbs and season to taste.
9. Carefully spoon mixture into jars, leaving 1/2" headspace. Remove air bubbles by sliding a small knife along side of jar.Wipe rim clean, center seal and screw on band until fingertip tight.
10. Process jars by covering in boiling water for 15 min. Remove and cool at room temperature for 24 hours. Store in a coll, dark place. For helpful tips refer to home canning sites.

Submitter: 
Debi
Description: 
This is a delicious recipe and keeps for a long time, due to hot water bath processing. Great little jars for picnics, hostess gifts and entertaining. Scrumptious with crackers and cream cheese.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
