URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63110385/orange-ribbon-cheesecake/
Title:
Orange Ribbon Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/790016.jpg
Ingredients:
1 large thin-skinned orange, such as Valencia
1 cup sugar
2 teaspoons lemon juice
For cheesecake
1 1/4 cups graham cracker crumbs
3 tablespoons butter, melted
3 packages (8 oz. each) cream cheese, at room temperature
3/4 cup sugar
4 large eggs, at room temperature
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1/2 cup sour cream
1 tablespoon orange-flavored liqueur, such as Grand Marnier or Cointreau, or 2 tsp. vanilla
3 tablespoons fresh orange juice

Directions:
1. For topping: Rinse and dry orange. With a sharp knife, slice into thin rounds In a deep 10-in. frying pan or pot over medium-high heat, stir sugar, 3/4 cup water, and lemon juice until sugar is dissolved. Add orange slices and bring to a simmer. Cover and simmer 5 minutes. Uncover and simmer gently until they're slightly candied and translucent and liquid has the consistency of a thin syrup, about 20 minutes (there should be about 1/2 cup liquid in pan if less, add enough hot water to make that amount and shake pan to mix water into syrup). Let cool in pan. Cover and chill at least 15 minutes and up to 2 days.
2. For cheesecake: Preheat oven to 300°. Pour graham cracker crumbs into a 9-in. cheesecake pan with removable rim add butter and mix. Press mixture evenly over bottom and 1/2 in. up sides of pan.
3. In a large bowl with a mixer on medium speedbeat cream cheese and sugar until smooth. Add eggs  Beat in flour,sour cream,and liqueur just until incorporated. Pour into crust-lined pan.4. Bake 60 to 70 minutes.Cool completely at room temperature, then cover and chill until cold, at least 3 hours or up to 2 days.5. Remove pan rim. If any moisture collects on top of cake, gently blot dry. Gently lift candied orange slices from syrup, reserving syrup, and blot dry with a paper towel. Arrange slices, slightly overlapping, over top of cheesecake.6. Measure orange juice. Bring reserved syrup to a boil over high heat. Stir occasionally until syrup is deep golden brown, 1 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat and carefully stir in orange juice (mixture will bubble up). Let cool to room temperature and generously brush over orange slices 7. Serve cheesecake, or cover and refrigerate up to 2 days. Use a serrated knife to cut cake, wiping blade clean after each slice.

Submitter: 
Sandra1980
Description: 
Classic Cheesecake topped w/orange glaze & candied oranges
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
4-6 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
