URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63119428/spring-tomato-zucchini-tart/
Title:
Spring Tomato & Zucchini Tart Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/793733.jpg
Ingredients:
Crust:
3/4 cup plus 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon whole wheat flour
1 tablespoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
1/4 cup ice water
1/2 cup parmesan cheese, grated
Filling:
1 small zucchini, sliced 1/4 inch thick
2 plum tomatoes, sliced 1/4 inch thick
Salt
2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil
1 garlic clove, minced
1 cup part-skim ricotta cheese
1/4 cup part-skim mozzarella cheese, shredded
Salt
Pepper
4 tablespoons chopped fresh basil

Directions:
Crust: Process the flours, sugar, and salt together in a food processor until combined. Drizzle the oil over the flour mixture and pulse until the mixture resembles coarse sand.  Add 3 tablespoons of the ice water and continue to process until large clumps of dough form.
Transfer the dough to a 9-inch tart pan with a removable bottom and pat it into an even layer.  Press the dough up the sides of the pan.  Lay plastic wrap over the dough and smooth out any bumps.  Freeze the tart shell until firm, about 30 minutes.
Adjust an oven rack to the middle position, and heat to 375 degrees.  Set the tart onto a large baking sheet and remove the plastic wrap.  Press a double layer of foil onto the frozen tart shell and over the edges of the pan and fill with pie weights. Bake until the tart shell is golden brown, 30 minutes. Remove the weights and foil.
Sprinkle parmesan cheese over the bottom of the tart shell, return the baking sheet to the oven & continue to bake until cheese is golden, 5 minutes. Let the tart shell cool while making the filling. Increase oven temperature to 425 degrees.
Filling:  Spread the zucchini and tomatoes over several layers of paper towel.  Sprinkle with salt and let drain for 30 minutes.  Blot dry with more paper towel.
Combine 1 teaspoon of olive oil with garlic in a small bowl.  In a seperate bowl, mix the ricotta, mozzarella, remaining oil and 2 tablespoons of basil. Season with salt and pepper.
Spread the ricotta mixture over the tart shell. Layer the zucchini & tomatoes on top of the ricotta. Drizzle the vegetables with the oil.  Bake the tart on the baking sheet, 25 minutes.
Let the tart cool for 10 minutes, then sprinkle with basil.  Serve warm.

Submitter: 
Michelle
Description: 
A fresh tart using tomatoes, zucchini, ricotta & basil.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
90 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
