URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63114917/bacon-n-broccoli-macaroni-and-cheese/
Title:
Bacon n Broccoli Macaroni and Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/792981.jpg
Ingredients:
4 slices turkey bacon, chopped (such as Oscar Mayer)
1 small onion, chopped
1-1/2 cups dry broccoli slaw mix
6 ounces (1/2 of 1 box) Ronzoni Smart Taste Elbows or other whole wheat elbow macaroni
3 tablespoons light margarine (such as Brummel and Brown)
3 tablespoons all purpose flour
3/4 cup fat free skim milk
3/4 cup fat free half and half (such as Land O Lakes)
1 teaspoon dijon mustard
1/4 tsp black pepper
1/2 tsp hot pepper sauce (adjust to taste)
8 ounces 50% reduced fat cheddar cheese (such as Cabot 50% reduced fat)
1 cup Fiber One Original Cereal, crushed into crumbs
Cooking Spray

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
Prepare the elbow macaroni according to package directions.
Spray a large sauce pan with cooking spray and place over medium heat.  Add the chopped turkey bacon and cook for about 5 minutes.  Add onions and broccoli slaw and sauté until softened for about 5 to 10 minutes.
Add margarine to pan and stir until melted.  Do not burn.  Stir in the flour until it is paste like.  Stir in skim milk and keep stirring.    Add in the fat free half and half and continue stirring.  Stir in dijon mustard, pepper, and hot sauce.  Remove from heat and add back pasta and add cheese.  Stir until cheese is melted.
Pour the macaroni and cheese into a baking dish sprayed with cooking spray.  Sprinkle the Fiber One cereal crumbs over the top and spray with cooking spray.  Bake about 30 minutes or until golden brown on top.

Submitter: 
Occasional Cooker
Description: 
This delicious macaroni and cheese recipe includes bacon and onion for an outstanding flavor and increases the fiber by adding broccoli slaw, high fiber pasta and crushed Fiber One Original Cereal.  In addition, this flavorful macaroni and cheese recipe is lower in fat because it uses reduced fat ingredients.  Enjoy this creamy comfort food without any guilt!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
