URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63111095/swoon-pies/
Title:
Swoon Pies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/790352.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup flour
1/2 t. baking powder
1/2 t. baking soda
1/2 t. salt
1 cup graham cracker crumbs
1/2 cup butter, softened
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1/2 cup firmly packed light brown sugar
1 large egg
1 t. vanilla extract
1 (8 oz) container sour cream
parchment paper
marshmallow filling
1 (12 oz) package semisweet chocolate chips
2 t shortening
Toppings:  chopped roasted salted pecans, chopped crystallized giner, sea salt

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.  Sift together flour and next 3 ingredients in a medium bowl; stir in graham cracker crumbs.
Beat butter and next 2 ingredients at medium speed with a heavy duty  mixer until fluffy.  Add egg and vanilla, beating until blended.
Add flour mixture to butter mixture alternately with sour cream, beginning and ending with flour mixture.  Beat at low speed until blended after each addition, stopping to scrape bowl as needed.
Drop batter by rounded tablespoonfuls 2 inches apart onto 2 parchment paper-lined baking sheets.  Bake, in batches at 350 degrees for 13 to 15 minutes or until set and bottoms are golden brown.  Remove cookies to wire racks and cool completely for 30 minutes.
Turn 12 cookies over, bottom sides up. Spread each with 1 heaping tablespoon Marshmallow filling.  Top with remaining 12 cookies bottom sides down and gently press to spread filling to edges.  Freeze on parchment paper-lined baking sheet 30 minutes of until filling is set.
Place chocolate and shortening in a microwaveable bowl and heat for 30 seconds at a time (stirring in between) until melted.
Meanwhile, remove cookies from freezer.
Dip half of cookie sandwich into melted chocolate.  Sprinkle with toppings (I used chopped pecans and Himalayan sea salt granules.  Place on parchment lined baking sheets to cool.
MARSHMALLOW Filling Recipe Follows
NOTE:  I only got 10 pies from the recipe. Maybe I made them bigger. Had barely enough filling. Next time I will double the filling.
1/2 cup butter, softened
1 cup powdered sugar
1 cup marshmallow creme
1/2 t. vanilla extract
Beat Butter at medium speed with electric mixer until creamy; gradually add sugar, beating well. Add remaining ingredients, beating until well blended.

Submitter: 
Kim Nance
Description: 
Marshmallow cream Moon Pies dipped in chocolate
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
50 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
