URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63118544/veal-pamigiana/
Title:
Veal Pamigiana Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/793382.jpg
Ingredients:
6 veal cutlets
1/2 cup olive oil
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
2 large eggs, whisked together + 1 tsp water added
1 cup dry, unseasoned bread crumbs
1 cup, grated parmesan cheese
1/2 tablespoon each of dried thyme, basil, oregano
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 cup marinara sauce
1-1/2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees
In a pie plate or breading tray, spread the flour (for dredging the cutlets).  In a separate tray, pour in the egg/water mix, in a third tray, mix the breadcrumbs, ½ cup of parmesan cheese, herbs and spices
One at a time, coat the cutlets in the flour (shake off excess), dip in the egg wash, then coat in the breadcrumbs. Pat the cutlets to make sure crumb mixture adheres to the cutlet.  Place on a plate and repeat for remaining cutlets.
Heat oil in large frying pan over medium high heat. Add the cutlets and sauté 2-3 minutes per side or until golden. (note: if using SS pan, cutlets will release from the pan easily when ready to be flipped)
Remove cutlets from frying pan and place on paper towel lined plate. Pat tops of cutlets with additional paper towel to remove excess oil.  You may need to cook the cutlets in 2 batches – if pan gets dry, add more oil.
Spray baking dish with non-stick spray (or wipe with oil) and pour ½ cup of the marinara sauce on bottom of pan to act as a bed for the cutlets.
Arrange the cutlets in the pan, overlapping them slightly
Sprinkle the remaining parmesan cheese over the cutlets, and then pour the remaining marinara sauce over the dish. Top with the shredded mozzarella cheese.
Cover the dish with tin foil and place in the centre of the preheated oven.  Bake for 25 – 35 minutes or until heated through. Before removing from oven, remove foil and finish off under broiler until cheese is golden and bubbling.
Serve with cooked pasta tossed in butter & parmesan cheese, and an accompanying side salad. Enjoy!!

Submitter: 
Catherine Parnell-Proulx
Description: 
delicious Veal Parm dish!!  Can easily substitute chicken or pork chop/loin for the veal.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
