URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63118301/callas-on-the-griddle/
Title:
Callas on the Griddle Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/793301.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup uncooked, raw rice
4 cups plus 2 tablespoons of water
1 cup flour
1/2 cup organic sugar
1 cup egg substitute (or 4 large eggs)
1 tsp cinnamon
1 tsp nutmeg
1/4 tsp salt
1 package rapid rise yeast

Directions:
The night before you serve them,  boil the water and salt and add the rice. Stir. Cook UNCOVERED, stirring every few minutes to distribute rice top to bottom, for 25 minutes or until the liquid is absorbed and the rice is soft.
Transfer rice to a med-large bowl and mash rice with a potato masher until creamy.
Add 2 Tbsp water to dry yeast in a cup and mix. You may need a drop or two more as it gets thick.  Add this to the rice and mash it in thoroughly. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside on the counter or in an oven turned off (68°-78° place) OVERNIGHT.
In a separate bowl, combine flower, sugar, cinnamon and nutmeg
Add the egg substitute to the rice mixture and mix. Add in the flower mixture until thoroughly blended.
Cover again and REFRIGERATE for one hour.
Heat your griddle or pan to a medium heat (300-350). Non-stick are the best and lowest fat options. Ladle some of the mixture on the griddle and let it set up. Repeat until the griddle is full.  Wait until the edges are firm and the top is somewhat cooked, then flip, about 2-3 min. They will be darker brown, but not black. Cook another 2-3 min until you can test with the spatula by GENTLY pushing on them and having them spring back a bit.
Sprinkle with powdered sugar and serve with syrup.

Submitter: 
The Jazz Chef
Description: 
Callas were the beignet or donut of New Orleans around the turn of the 20th century well into the 1930s. You could find the tasty fried, yeast-raised fritters everywhere in the Big Easy. Today they are an endangered species.  You can fry these for the traditional version, but I find that griddling them like a pancake makes them much tastier, way less greasy and a whole lot healthier. An easy recipe, start them the night before and you'll love yourself for doing it in the morning.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40min/20min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
