URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63113789/parchment-cooked-fish-with-morels-spring-garlic-and-thyme/
Title:
Parchment-cooked fish with morels, spring garlic and thyme Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1.5 pounds Pacific halibut, striped bass or tilapia (or other sustainable white-fleshed fish)
1 pound morel mushrooms, fresh (preferably) or reconstituted in warm water. If you can't find morels, shiitakes or any dried wild mushroom mix will do.
1/2 cups green garlic, chopped
1/2 tablespoons butter
5 medium sprigs fresh thyme, stripped from woody stem and chopped
salt and pepper to taste
parchment paper
canola oil for brushing parchmen

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
2. In a small skillet dry-sauté mushrooms with a pinch each of salt and pepper until they release, then reabsorb, their juice. If they don't immediately release juice, add a few drops of water, white wine or sherry.
3. While morels cook, portion the fish into four pieces and salt and pepper both sides. Heat a large skillet over medium-low heat. Add butter to pan and sauté fish just until golden, about 2 minutes per side.
4. Remove fish from pan. Add green garlic to pan and sauté just until it releases its fragrance. Remove pan from heat and add mushrooms and thyme. Toss.
5. Cut parchment sheets -- each should be about 20" long. Fold each sheet in half and cut from the fold, as if you were cutting a valentine heart. Cut each heart as large as possible. Open the hearts and brush or spray a little canola oil on the upper half of each.
6. Place a quarter of the mushroom mix in the middle of the bottom (not oiled) half of the each parchment heart. Top the mushrooms with a piece of fish and season with salt and pepper.
7. Fold the top half of the parchment heart over fish. Starting at the rounded end of the heart at the crease, fold the outer edge in toward the fish in segments, with each new fold overlapping the previous fold. It will look sort of like a pie crust. Stop just before you hit the pointed end, then go back and do it again so the outer edge is double-folded. This will make sure the juices stay in.
8. Open up the pointed end enough to insert a straw. Blow in some air to puff up the packet. The paper should not touch the filling. To prevent air from escaping, twist the pointed end into a tight corkscrew.
9. Place the packets on two baking sheets. Place baking sheets in the oven and bake for 15 minutes. Serve

Submitter: 
doch83
Description: 
A rather simple recipe that seems like it takes all day
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
