URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63113788/extra-fiberish-pumpernickelish-bread/
Title:
Extra Fiberish Pumpernickelish Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/792807.jpg
Ingredients:
1 C. warm water + 1 Tbsp
1 1/2 Tbsp vegetable oil
1/3 C. molasses
1 1/2 C. bread flour
2 C. whole wheat flour
1 packet (or 2.5 tsp) active dry yeast
1/2 C. Fiber One Cereal

Directions:
Add all ingredients to your bread machine according to its directions. Typically this would mean yeast first, with other dry ingredients (flour, cereal) layered on top. Then wet ingredients ending with water (oil, molasses, water). I use a "dark" setting on my machine for this bread.
-------------
To make this by hand without a bread machine:
1. warm the water in the microwave until it's about 100 degrees (maybe 30-40 sec).
2. proof the yeast, with water and 1 Tbsp of the molasses until it's puffy - about 10 minutes.
3. put the yeast/water mixture into a large bowl, mix in remaining molasses and oil, slowly add flour (1/2 Cup at a time) until thoroughly incorporated. 4. Add cereal, and begin kneading. Knead until dough is elastic and not sticky.
5. rub inside of bowl with light coat of oil, and put dough into bowl. cover loosely with a cloth, and let dough rise in a warm dry place until about doubled in size (about an hour).  - try turning your oven on warm, and letting the dough rise in there).
6. punch the dough down and form into your preferred loaf shape. This will make 1 standard loaf pan. let rest for about 30 minutes.
7. bake at 350 for about an hour. or until the internal temperature taken with a meat thermometer at 180-190 degrees.

Submitter: 
AZ
Description: 
I love brown and pumpernickel breads, but am allergic to cocoa, so it's hard for me to find safe dark breads to eat. This is one of my most successful experiments - thanks Fiber One! I didn't have any rye flour on hand, so this is technically not a pumpernickel, but it's a super tasty brown bread. You could easily do 1 Cup each of wheat and rye flour to make more of a pumpernickel.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
