URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63128761/firecracker-chocolate-pudding/
Title:
Firecracker Chocolate Pudding Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/797980.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cups whole milk
5 tablespoons cornstarch
1/4 cup cocoa powder
1/2 cup sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons cayenne pepper
1/8 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
6 ounces 70% bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, or use chips (I used Ghirardelli 72% baking buttons)

Directions:
1. Place the milk in a medium-size saucepan. In a small bowl, combine the cocoa powder, cayenne and cinnamon. Add about 5 tablespoons of the milk and stir until all of the cocoa is moistened. Stir in more milk, adding a tablespoon at a time, until the mixture is the consistency of syrup. This will keep the cocoa from clumping when you add it later on.
2. In a small bowl, mix together the cornstarch, sugar and salt; whisk into the remaining milk in the saucepan. Cook over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally with a heatproof spatula. Be sure to scrape down the sides and the bottom, whisking a bit if the mixture starts to get lumpy. Cook 10 to 15 minutes until the mixture thickens and coats the back of a spoon. Reduce heat to medium-low.
3. Add the cocoa mixture and whisk until combined, then add the chocolate and stir until melted. Stir for a few minutes more, until the pudding is thickened and smooth.
4. Pour through a mesh strainer into an 8-cup measuring cup or mixing bowl with a spout. Then pour into 6 half-pint jars, filling each about 3/4 full. This also makes enough for 8 individual portions.
5. Chill the jars in the fridge for about 15 minutes, then put the lids on. Refrigerate for at least 45 minutes or up to 3 days.

Submitter: 
1010rikku
Description: 
This is a dark chocolate pudding with a hot pepper kick. I pour the pudding into reusable half-pint jars that can be stored in the fridge until it's time to eat. Jars work well for bringing along to a picnic or cookout, because after the pudding has been eaten, the lids can be put back on to contain the stickiness until you can take them home to wash.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
