URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63128523/red-velvet-cake/
Title:
Red Velvet Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/797817.jpg
Ingredients:
2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, sifted
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoons cocoa
2 ounces red food coloring
1/2 cup vegetable shortening
1 1/2 cups sugar
2 large eggs
1 cup buttermilk
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 teaspoon white vinegar
1 teaspoon baking soda
Cream Cheese Frosting
2 packages cream cheese, softened
6 tablespoons butter, softened
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 cups powdered sugar, sifted
blend till smooth and add pecans as desired

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350°F. Grease and flour two 9-inch cake pans.
Combine the sifted flour and salt, and set aside.
Put the cocoa in a small glass bowl, and add the food coloring gradually, stirring until mixture is smooth. Set aside.
Cream together the shortening and sugar, beating for 4 or 5 minutes at medium speed in your electric mixer until fluffy. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating for at least 30 seconds after each addition.
At low speed of your mixer, add the flour mixture to the sugar mixture alternately with the buttermilk and vanilla, scraping down the sides of the bowl as necessary. Add the cocoa/food coloring mixture, mixing until color of batter is uniform. Do not overbeat; overbeaten cake batter will result in a tough cake. Turn off your mixer.
In a small bowl, mix the vinegar with the baking soda. It will foam up. Stir it briefly to mix, and then add it to the cake batter, folding it in to incorporate well, but do not beat.
Pour the batter into the prepared cake pans, and bake in a 350°F oven for 25 to 30 minutes, or until a cake tester comes out clean. Allow layers to cool on a rack for 10 minutes before turning out. Let cake cool completely before frosting.
* Buttermilk substitute can be made by adding 1 teaspoon of white vinegar to one cup of milk and let set for approx. 5 minutes.

Submitter: 
James Noble
Description: 
This is one of Kimberly's all-time favorite cakes. Great for Christmas.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
