URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63129275/stewed-chicken-with-tarragon-black-pepper-biscuits/
Title:
Stewed Chicken with Tarragon Black-Pepper Biscuits Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Biscuits:
1/2 pound plus 1 ounce cold small-cubed butter
1/2 cup sugar
1/8 cup plus 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 tablespoon salt
1 1/2 pounds plus 1 1/2 ounces all-purpose flour
3/4 cup fresh tarragon leaves, chopped
3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 1/8 cup buttermilk
3 eggs
Chicken:
2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 tsp salt
1/2 tsp pepper
2 tablespoons olive oil
2 shallots, cut into medium dice
10 baby carrots, halved
2 large sprigs rosemary
4 teaspoons minced garlic
1/8 teaspoon crushed red pepper
1 quart chicken stock, heated
1 cup white wine
8 morels (or other seasonal mushrooms), quartered
1/2 cup fresh peas
2 sprigs fresh tarragon, leaves chopped

Directions:
For the biscuits: Combine the butter, sugar, baking powder and salt in an electric stand mixer. Use the paddle attachment and mix until the butter is pea size. Next, add the flour, tarragon and pepper. Then, add the buttermilk and eggs. Mix until incorporated.
For the chicken: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Rinse the chicken thighs and pat dry. Dredge the pieces in flour and sprinkle with salt and pepper.
In large saute pan or small rondeau, heat the olive oil. Sear the chicken over medium-high heat. Remove when golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes and reserve. Discard the oil and turn the heat down to medium-low. Arrange the chicken pieces in the bottom of a large casserole dish.
Saute the shallots, garlic and carrots until shallots are blonde and carrots are slightly softened. Add the rosemary sprigs, crushed red pepper and 1/8 tsp salt. Saute 3 to 5 minutes more. Next, add the hot stock, white wine and morels, and bring the liquid to a simmer. Simmer for about 4 minutes.  Pour over the chicken pieces in the casserole dish.
Top with the biscuit mixture in small dollops. Then scatter peas on top. Bake until the biscuits are golden, the filling is bubbling and the chicken is tender, 30 to 35 minutes.
Top with the tarragon and serve.

Submitter: 
goodeats
Description: 
This is a modified version of Chef Scott Conant's recipe for Stewed Rabbit and Biscuits as presented on the Food Network's show The Best Thing I Ever Made.  It takes a little effort to make, but it is one of our favorite meals!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
