URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63121334/herbed-yukon-gold-potato-latkes/
Title:
Herbed Yukon Gold Potato Latkes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/794598.jpg
Ingredients:
3 1/2 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, scrubbed, with any brown spots or eyes removed 5 large eggs, beaten $
Click to see savings
About 1/2 cup matzo meal 3/4 cup finely chopped fresh chives 1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves 1 tablespoon coarse kosher salt 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper Vegetable oil for frying $
Click to see savings
9 to 12 oz. thinly sliced smoked salmon, cut into 20 to 25 slices (optional) $
Click to see savings
Sour cream $
Click to see savings
thinly sliced red onion and/or 2-in. lengths of chive $
Click to see savings
capers

Directions:
Fill a large mixing bowl three-quarters full with cold water. Using the coarse side of a box grater or a food processor fitted with a medium-coarse grating disk, grate potatoes, transferring them to the water as you go. Let potatoes stand in water 15 minutes.
2. Pour potatoes into a fine-mesh colander and rinse well with water. Rinse mixing bowl and wipe dry.
3. Take a large handful of potato and squeeze to remove some water. Pile onto a clean kitchen towel, gather towel corners up into one hand, and twist hard to wring out any remaining moisture. Repeat with rest of potatoes, using fresh towels if needed. Return mixture to bowl.
4. In a medium bowl, stir together eggs, matzo meal, herbs, salt, and pepper, then pour over potatoes and toss to mix well. If at any time you notice a pool of liquid in the bottom of the bowl, toss in more matzo meal, 2 tbsp. at a time.
5. Pour 3/4 in. oil into a 10- to 12-in. frying pan (with sides at least 2 in. high) over medium-high heat. When oil reaches 350°, scoop a scant 1/4 cup of potato mixture from bowl, then gently turn onto a wide spatula. Press into a patty about 1/3 in. thick, then gently slide pancake into hot oil. Cook 3 or 4 pancakes at a time (do not crowd pan) until edges are crispy and well browned and undersides are golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Gently turn and cook until other sides are golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes longer.

Submitter: 
allrecipes cook
Description: 
Flavored with chives, parsley, rosemary, and thyme, these elegant latkes also make a great starter course or brunch entrée.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
