URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63123132/chicken-and-green-onion-dumplings/
Title:
Chicken and Green Onion Dumplings Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Chicken stew
3 split chicken bread, bone in, skin on, reserve cooking liquid
2 tbs olive oil
Kosher salt/black pepper
5 cups chicken broth
2 boulion cubes or 1 ½ packets of chicken ramen seasoning
2tbs white wine
2 onions, chopped
4 carrots, half moons
5 ribs of celery, half moons
1tsp celery salt
1tbs dried parsley
1 stick butter
½ cup flour
Dumplings
¾ cup AP flour
1 ½ tsp baking powder
1/3 cup milk
1 tbs butter
¼ tsp Kosher salt
2 green onions minced

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In large pot, heat oil.  Pat dry chicken breast and season with salt and pepper.  Brown, skin side down in oil.  Lightly oil baking dish.  Transfer chicken to dish and season again with a little more salt.  Bake for 35-40 minutes until juices run clear.  Set aside until cool enough to handle.
In the large pot, sautee vegetables and spices in the chicken/oil mix.  Deglaze with wine.  Add broth and reserved cooking liquid.
In a small pan, combine stick of butter and ½ cup of flour to make a roux.  Stir constantly until golden brown, will smell nutty. Add ½ the roux to the vegetable mixture and continue to add until the desired thickness is reached.  Turn down heat to just simmer.
Remove chicken from bones and dice into small bite size pieces.  Discard bones, skin and fat.  Add to mix.
Combine dry ingredients for dumplings.  Heat milk just enough to melt the butter.  Add to dry ingredients.  If dough is too moist add a little more flour and if it is too tight add a little more milk.  Liberally flour sheet of wax paper and rolling pin.  Roll out dough making sure there is enough flour not to stick until dough is 1/8 inch.  Cut in rectangles.  Add to stew, stir very carefully to not break up dumplings.  Cook through for about 10 more minutes.  Dish up and enjoy!

Submitter: 
laujm2
Description: 
Delicious and hearty chicken stew with pillows of green onion dumplings.  Chicken,Vegetable and carbs!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
