URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63125371/french-macaron-with-chocolate-kahlua-buttercream/
Title:
French Macaron with Chocolate Kahlua Buttercream Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/796452.jpg
Ingredients:
Cookie:
2 cups powdered sugar (sifted twice through)
1 cup sifted almond flour
3 egg whites or 1/2 cup
2 tablespoons and a 1/2 teaspoon sugar
Buttercream:
1 cup unsalted butter, room temperature (or softened slightly-not melted)
3 1/2 cups powdered sugar
1/2 cup cocoa powder
1/4 teaspoon table salt
2 teaspoons Kahlua or coffee extract
4 tablespoons whole milk or heavy cream

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
Sift powdered sugar and almond flour until no lumps or chunks in either ingredients. Combine in large bowl.
Beat egg whites, sugar, and pinch of salt with an electric mixer until medium peaks form.
Fold in egg white mixture to almond mixture.
Fill pastry bag with a 1/2 inch round pastry tip with batter.
Line 2 cookie sheet pans with parchment paper.
Pipe batter in 3/4 inch rounds on baking sheets, spacing 1 inch apart.
Tap bottom of cookie sheet to release air bubbles and to achieve the pretty, lace like bottom on the macaron. Let rest for 30 minutes on sheet at room temperature (do not put in fridge).
Position 1 rack in top third and 1 rack in bottom third of oven.
Bake cookies 5 minutes.
Reduce oven temperature to 325°F.
Continue to bake cookies for about 10 minutes or until puffed and golden on top.
Turn cookie sheets after 5 minutes.
Cool cookies on cookie sheet for 3 minutes then transfer to a cooling rack.
Frosting:
Sift powdered sugar and cocoa powder twice through into a large bowl.
Cream butter with an electric mixer for 2-3 minutes.
Turn mixer on low speed, and slowly add the powdered sugar and cocoa powder mixture. (Add in small sections, increasing speed in-between additions to insure it is fully mixed)
Add salt to mixer and increase speed to medium speed.
Add Kahlua and milk to the batter, and beat for 2-3 minutes.
Fill pastry bag, and a 1/2 inch round tip, with frosting and place 1tsp on flat side of one cookie. Sandwich with another cookie.
Ready to serve, please ENJOY! :)
They taste better when they have completely cooled, so letting them rest overnight in an airtight container in the fridge will make them taste amazing!

Submitter: 
afcouwen
Description: 
A tasty treat that will make you feel like you are in France.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h 20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
