URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63129294/sarabeths-velvety-cream-of-tomato-soup/
Title:
Sarabeth's Velvety Cream of Tomato Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 tablespoons UNSALTED butter, divided
1 small Vidalia onion, chopped
2 medium shallots, chopped
4 scallions, top green parts only, thinly sliced
3 garlic cloves, minced
28 ounces diced canned tomatoes, drained
28 ounces tomato puree
4 cups milk
4 cups heavy cream
1/3 cup all-purpose flour
Sea salt and freshly ground pepper to taste
About 1/3 cup dill fronds, torn into tiny sprigs
4 ounces shredded Cheddar cheese

Directions:
NOTE: Always use unsalted butter and never add the salt while the soup is cooking, as it will cause it to curdle. If this should happen, combine 1/2-cup milk and 1/2-cup cream, and slowly add to the soup while whisking vigorously.
Melt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a soup pot over medium low heat. Add the onion, shallots, scallion tops, and garlic. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions are completely soft and translucent.
Add the diced tomatoes with the puree, milk, and cream and bring to a simmer, stirring often.
Meanwhile, in a small saucepan, melt the remaining 4 tablespoons of butter over low heat. Gradually whisk in the flour to make a roux. Cook, whisking almost constantly, for about 3 minutes, being sure the roux doesn’t brown. Whisk about 1 1/2 cups of the hot tomato mixture into the roux, then pour the roux mixture into the pot of soup and stir until blended.
Reduce the heat to low and simmer about 35 minutes to blend the flavors and thicken. Remove from heat and add the dill, salt and pepper.
Serve hot, topping each serving with about 2 tablespoons of grated cheese.
The soup can be prepared up to 2 days ahead, cooled completely, covered, and refrigerated. The soup will thicken when chilled; while reheating, thin the heated soup with milk to the desired thickness. Do not freeze the soup.

Submitter: 
goodeats
Description: 
My family went crazy for this tomato soup at Sarabeth's restaurant in NYC - even my husband and he doesn't like tomato soup in general! This is the recipe posted on Sarabeth's website goddessofbakedom.com
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
