URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63121886/moomies-beautiful-buns-onion-style/
Title:
Moomie's Beautiful Buns, Onion Style Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/794913.jpg
Ingredients:
1 C lukewarm water
2 T butter
1 large egg, lightly beaten
418g bread flour
1/4 c sugar
1 1/4 tsp salt
1 T dry yeast
1/4 c potato flakes
1 tsp onion powder
2 T dried minced onion, reconstituted in 2 T hot water
Sesame seeds or poppy seeds, OPTIONAL

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375
Add all ingredients to the bucket of your breadmaker - I add in the order, water, yeast, sugar, egg, melted (but not hot) or softened butter,  flour, potato flakes, and salt last.
Knead on the DOUGH cycle.
Divide into 12 pieces (8 for VERY VERY LARGE buns)
For each dough ball:
Lightly flour your clean kitchen counter or a cutting board.
Turn the dough out of the bread machine bucket onto this surface.
Use a dough blade to cut of 8 to 12 equal size pieces (the easiest way to do this is to WEIGH your dough ball - this recipe will make in the neighborhood of 26 oz of dough - then divide that by the number of buns you want and weigh the dough as you cut it off until you get roughly the same weight of dough in each ball).
For each ball thusly divided out, rough form into a ball.  Grasping one side of the ball, whip it around like a , well, like a WHIP, and slap it on your lightly floured surface.  Grab the other end and slap it around again.  The dough ball will elongate out as you do this, that's ok.  Do this 3 or 4 times.  Form into desired shape (ball or oblong) and CLOAK the dough (see footnote)
Place on baking sheet
Hamburger buns: flatten the cloaked ball with your palm.
Hotdog buns: gently stretch & roll into an oblong - length is more important than width, remember these will get thicker as they rise - THEN cloak as below
Let rise, covered loosely with plastic wrap, for about 30 to 40 mins.
Just before popping in the oven, brush with beaten egg white for glossy buns, or melted butter for softer buns.  Coat with poppy or sesame seeds if desired at this time (seeds will stick better with an egg white coating)
Bake at 375F for 12 to 15 mins
Let cool; serve

Submitter: 
KitchenBarbarian
Description: 
A version of Beautiful Burger Buns from Moomie and the DillsaLittleGoatFarm site (look under creations)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
