URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63123801/chipotle-chicken-enchilada-soup/
Title:
Chipotle Chicken Enchilada Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/795834.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon oil
2-Large chicken breasts; deboned and cut into small pieces (soup size)
2-Garlic buds, diced.
1-Sweet Onion; large, cut in 1/2 inch pieces
1-Large can petit diced tomatoes
1-Can, or package frozen Southwestern Corn
2-Chipotle Pepper's canned. You can find in the Ethnic foods in 7 oz can "Chipotle Peppers in Adobo Sauce." Save remaining in freezer bag in freezer to use another time. When reusing, simply cut a piece off the end of the frozen as needed.
Large container chicken stock
2-15 oz Cans kidney beans
1-Large, 31 oz can plain refried beans
1-Package tortilla chips
1-Package finely shredded Mexican cheese, or CoJack.

Directions:
Using a stock pot, or Dutch Oven pour the oil and heat on medium.
Add chicken pieces and brown.
After browned add the chipotle peppers and using a spatula "smash" them into the browned chicken.
Add the onion and garlic, continue to brown.
Mix in the refried beans until fully blended into the mix.
When the onions are translucent, add the can of tomatoes brining to slow boil.
Add the chicken stock and bring to slow boil, then simmer for about 40 minutes.
Salt the stock and chicken to your taste.
Add the drained beans and corn and again bring to a simmer.
You can also "adjust the heat" at this time. If you want hotter soup you can add another smashed chile. I would not add more than 1/2 at a time as they are very hot. You will want to mash it in a little broth on the side and then add to the soup.
Serve in a bowl. Slightly crumble tortilla chips and spread over the top of soup. Now use about 1/2 cup of cheese over the chips.
Can also dollup a spoon of sour cream on the top. If the soup doesn't melt the cheese just microwave for about 30 seconds. Enjoy.

Submitter: 
Sweet Pickles Mom
Description: 
I don't know why, but along with the winter will com a craving for spice and sometimes heat with my recipes and cooking. This recipe is a result of my own personal preferences for a Southwest Soup which can be used for an entire lowfat, low calorie meal, but yet very satisfying.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 1/2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
