URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63122987/slow-cooker-chicken-stock/
Title:
Slow Cooker Chicken Stock Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 chicken carcass, including neck & back
Any leftover chicken meat, the more the merrier
1 small onion, quartered
1 carrot, peeled and cut into large chunks
1 stalk celery, cut into large chunks
1 bay leaf
3 whole peppercorns
1 clove garlic, smashed
1 tsp Herbes de Provence
2 tbsp cider vinegar
3 quarts cold water, distilled or filtered

Directions:
Separate from the bones any meat which is still attached and add it to the leftover meat.  Chop the meat so that all chunks are approximately ½" cube or smaller.
Place the meat and bones in a 4 to 6 quart slow cooker.  Add 3 quarts of cold distilled water.  Bottled or filtered water may be used instead.  Tap water can be substituted if necessary but any impurities present may taint the flavor and can also interfere with mineral extraction from the bones.
Add the onion, carrot, celery, bay leaf, peppercorns, garlic, Herbes de Provence and vinegar.
Turn the temperature to low and let it simmer for 18 to 24 hours.  Add hot water as necessary to maintain the original level.
When done turn off the cooker and remove the large solids with a strainer spoon.  Strain the stock through a fine mesh strainer into a suitable container and cover tightly.  Immediately place the container in a sink full of ice water and cool it down to about 40°F.  Remove any solidified fat that forms at the surface.
Refrigerate for up to several days or freeze for as long as 3 months.  Bring to a boil for 2 minutes before adding to a recipe.

Submitter: 
Michael St. Laurent
Description: 
Don't just throw away that chicken carcass, you're not done with it yet!  Making your own chicken stock in a slow cooker is the most efficient and flavorful way to get full use from each bird.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
