URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63121792/snickers-brownies/
Title:
Snickers Brownies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/794843.jpg
Ingredients:
Brownie Layer
1 box of brownie mix, I prefer homemade brownies
Ingredients called for on box
1/4 cup hot fudge topping, unheated, straight from the jar
Nougat Layer
1/4 cup unsalted butter
1 cup granulated sugar
1/4 cup evaporated milk
2 (7 oz.) jars marshmallow creme (@1 1/2 cups)
1/4 cup peanut butter
1 1/2 cups salted peanuts, roughly chopped
1 teaspoon vanilla
Caramel Layer
1 (17 oz.) jar of caramel, preferably Mrs. Richardson's Butterscotch Caramel
Candy Bar Topping
1 1/4 cups chocolate chips
1/4 cup peanut butter.

Directions:
Prepare brownie batter according to package directions, adding 1/4 cup hot fudge ice cream topping, unheated and straight from the jar to the batter. Make sure to follow the high altitude directions if you live at high altitude. Cool completely.
Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add sugar and milk, stirring until dissolved. Bring to a boil. Add in the marshmallow creme ( about 1 1/2 jars), peanut butter, and vanilla stirring until smooth. Turn off heat and fold in peanuts. Pour evenly over cooled brownies. Use a spatula to help spread the mixture. Cool. I stick the brownies in the freezer for about 15 minutes.
Scoop caramel topping into a heavy bottomed saucepan and heat over low until caramel is soft and easy to stir.  Pour the caramel over the nougat layer. Make sure to pour it evenly across the nougat covering as much as the surface as you can. This makes it easier to spread the caramel with a spatula. Let cool. Again, I usually stick this in the freezer for about 15 minutes. Scoop caramel topping into a heavy bottomed saucepan and heat over low until caramel is soft and east to stir rather than mess with hot.
Melt chocolate chips and peanut butter together in a saucepan over low heat, stirring occasionally, until smooth.  Pour over nougat layer and cool completely. I usually stick them in the fridge until the chocolate is set. They chocolate gets pretty soft when left out, so I like to store these in the fridge and let them set out for a few minutes before cutting them. You want the chocolate to be cool enough to be set, but warmed up just a bit so that they are soft enough to cut more easily. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Tracy O
Description: 
Definitely need to make these.....
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
