URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63125202/simple-roast-salmon-with-potatoes-asparagus-and-lemon-dill-caper-drizzle/
Title:
Simple Roast Salmon with Potatoes, Asparagus and Lemon Dill Caper Drizzle Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/805631.jpg
Ingredients:
1 whole side salmon (2 1/2 to 3 pounds)
5 tbs pure olive oil, divided
salt
black pepper
2 pounds fingerling potatoes or red new potatoes, halved
2 pounds asparagus, tough ends snapped off
6 tbs extra virgin olive oil
1/4 cup parsley, chopped coarse
1/4 cup dill leaves, chopped coarse
1/4 cup capers
2 tsp caper juice
3 medium scallions, sliced thin
1 1/2 tsp finely grated lemon zest, remaining lemon cut into wedges for the platter

Directions:
Set salmon on a large rimmed baking sheet; coat both sides with 2 tbs of olive oil and a generous sprinkling of salt and pepper.  Toss potatoes with another 2 tbs of olive oil and a generous sprinkling of salt and pepper; place, cut side down, on a second rimmed baking sheet.  Toss asparagus with remaining tbs of oil and salt and pepper.
Adjust oven racks tot he lowest and upper-middle position.  Place potatoes on bottom rack and salmon on upper rack of cold oven, then heat oven to 400 degrees.  Roast until salmon is just opaque throughout, about 25 minutes, and potatoes are golden brown, about 30 minutes.  Transfer salmon to a large platter; add asparagus to salmon roasting pan, continue to roast, along with potatoes, until bright green and just tender, 5-8 minutes, depending on thickness.  Meanwhile, mix extra virgin olive oil, parsley, dill, capers, and juice, scallions and lemon zest in a small bowl, set aside.  To serve, spoon dill mixture over salmon, garnishing platter with parsley, dill sprigs, and lemon wedges.  Arrange potatoes and asparagus on platter with salmon.  Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Ursula Blakely
Description: 
Tasty Kitchen
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
