URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63132842/crockpot-yogurt-2/
Title:
Crockpot Yogurt 2 Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1025381.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 gallon milk
1-2 t. Knox gelatin
1/2 cup yogurt

Directions:
Turn your crock pot to low and pour in 1/2 gallon of milk.
Heat on low for 2 hours and 30 minutes.
Once 2 hours and 30 minutes have elapsed turn your crock pot off and unplug it. Let the milk cool in the crock with the lid on for 3 hours.
After 3 hours remove 1-2 cups of the warmed milk and place in a bowl.
To that add 1/2 cup of yogurt with live active cultures and mix very well.
Pour the yogurt-milk mixture back into the milk and whisk thoroughly.
Place the cover back on the crock and wrap the entire crock pot in a thick bath towel or two.
Let it culture overnight, 8-12 hours.
In the morning stir yogurt (if desired) and store in glass quart jars or a container of your choice.
For optimum texture, refrigerate for at least 8 hours before using.
This is my preferred method for thickening yogurt. I simply add a packet of Knox gelatine powder (2 teaspoons) to two quarts (8 cups) of milk, as I’m heating the milk up to 110 degrees F. (No need to “pre-soak” the gelatin in a separate container. I just sprinkle the powder on top of the milk, distributing it as evenly as possible, wait a few minutes, and then whisk it in with a fork) This method produces some very good, reasonably thick yogurt, although it doesn’t thicken up until after the finished yogurt cools in the fridge and the gelatin sets up. Note: You can also use more or less gelatin for different texture. I just made a two-quart batch using only 1 teaspoon of gelatin (half a packet) and it turned out real well – still with a thick and creamy texture, but not as firm as when I had used 2 teaspoons.

Submitter: 
Terri Myers
Description: 
Uses gelatin to add thickness.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
12 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
