URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63136156/paula-deans-shrimp-and-grits/
Title:
Paula Dean's Shrimp and Grits Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup milk
1 cup water
3/4 tsp salt
1 cup uncooked grits
1/4 tsp pepper
2 tbsp unsealed butter
2 ounces sharp cheddar, shredded
2 tablespoons olive oil
1/2 cup diced tasso ham*
2 tablespoons diced leeks
2 tablespoons diced onion
2 tablespoons diced green peppers
20 medium to large shrimp, peeled and de-veined, with tails on
1 to 2 tablespoons white wine
1 cup heavy cream
Salt and pepper
Green onion tops, chopped

Directions:
Place the milk, water, and salt into a large, heavy-bottomed pot over medium-high heat and bring to a boil. Once the milk mixture comes to a boil, gradually add the cornmeal while continually whisking. Once all of the cornmeal has been incorporated, decrease the heat to low and cover. Remove lid and whisk frequently, every 3 to 4 minutes, to prevent grits from sticking or forming lumps; make sure to get into corners of pot when whisking. Cook for 20 to 25 minutes or until mixture is creamy.
Remove from the heat, add the pepper and butter, and whisk to combine. Once the butter is melted, gradually whisk in the cheese a little at a time. Serve immediately.
While grits are cooking, heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add tasso and saute until crisp. Add diced vegetables and saute until onions are translucent. Add shrimp and saute for 30 to 45 seconds, or until pink. Remove from the pan and set aside. Deglaze the pan with a little white wine. Slowly add the cream and let reduce until thickened. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.
Divide grits among 2 serving plates. Line plate edges with shrimp (10 shrimp per serving). Pour sauce over grits. Garnish with green onion tops.
*Cook's Note: Tasso is a Cajun ham and is often hard to find outside of Louisiana, but you can find it at some specialty gourmet shops or by mail order. If not, you can substitute salt pork, pancetta, or prosciutto, but you will have to beef up your seasonings, as tasso is very flavorful.

Submitter: 
goodeats
Description: 
A modified version of Paula Dean's recipe from foodnetwork.com.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
