URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63130118/butternut-squash-risotto-with-toasted-pumpkin-seeds/
Title:
Butternut Squash Risotto with Toasted Pumpkin Seeds Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/798545.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups arborio rice
2 boxes chicken stock or 10 cups fresh
3/4 cup beef broth
1 med butternut squash
1 pkg green pumpkin seeds (German are best or pepitas)
1/2 dried chipotle chile
2 dried or 1 fresh pasilla chile
1 small onion
3 cloves garlic
1 tomatillo
1/4 cup Manchego cheese
1 tsp smoked spanish paprika
1/2 tsp black pepper
4-5 tbsp canola oil
1-2 tbsp arbequina olive oil or quality extra-virgin olive oil
Salt to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350.
Slice the butternut squash, scoop out seeds and pulp in the lower center, place on a non-stick tray or a foil lined tray. Roast for 35-45 min or until tender.  Remove from the oven. Let cool.
Scoop the squash into a blender. Add the onion, garlic, and tomatillo. de-stem and de-seed both the dried and fresh chiles. Add them to the blender. Add the beef broth. Puree for 2-3 min until fully integrated. You can add a little broth if the squash gets too dry, but don't flood it. It should be thickish. Set aside.
Grate the Manchego cheese into a bowl and set aside.
In a 2 quart pot add your stock and boil When it reaches a boil set to simmer.
Set a ladle out within reach, along with a stirring spoon.  Measure out the rice, and grab a large med-sided pan to saute the risotto in. Put that on the burner next to the stock pan.
Add the oil to the large pan and set it to a medium-high heat. When hot, about 3-4 minutes later,  add the rice and stir it constantly in the hot oil for 3 min.  If it browns, shorten up the time and reduce the heat slightly.  Add a soup ladle's worth of broth to the rice and stir it it. It will sputter and splatter on the first one, so be careful. Continuously stirring, add in a ladle at a time, waiting for the liquid to largely be gone. About 10 min. into cooking, add the mixture from the blender and stir in, adding a bit of broth as well. Continue stirring and adding spoonfuls of the mix in the blender and broth. At 15 min. turn on the toaster oven with the pumkin seeds for 3-4 minutes. Don't overcook.  Continue stirring the risotto. The rice will swell up slowly. At 20-30 minutes, test for doneness by grabbing a grain or two of rice and they are firm, yet soft. Add 1/2 the seeds and the cheese. Pour into a bowl and top with s

Submitter: 
The Jazz Chef
Description: 
I love risotto, but I don't love all of the fat and heaviness of the traditional recipe, so I found a more southwestern flair that gives it a lot of big taste and richness with a whole lot less fat, and better fats. Perfect as a side dish to roasted or steamed meats or a Mexican or Spanish stewed meat.  Risotto needs constant attention, so prepare something easy as a main dish or something that can be cooked earlier and left to stand, or put in the warmer.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
45 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
