URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63139736/quick-done-in-the-oven-pulled-pork/
Title:
Quick & Done in the Oven Pulled Pork Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/802434.jpg
Ingredients:
Dry Rub:
3 tbsp (Spanish) smoked paprika
1 tbsp garlic powder
1 bsp brown sugar
1 tbsp dry mustard
2.5-3 tbsp coarse salt
1 (5 to 7 pound) pork shoulder roast (mine split into two smaller chunks about 2 to 2.5 lbs each)
Barbecue Sauce:
1 1/2 cups cider vinegar
1 cup spicy brown mustard
1/2 cup ketchup
1/3 cup packed brown sugar
3-4 garlic cloves, smashed
1 tsp salt
Dash of freshly ground black pepper
For serving:
8 club rolls (i.e. Amoroso)
Coleslaw
Veggie chips

Directions:
Pat pork dry with paper towels and rub a little olive oil over it.
Mix the smoked paprika, garlic power, brown sugar, dry mustard, and salt together in a small bowl.
Rub the spice blend all over the pork and marinate for as long as you have time for, as little as 1 hour or up to overnight, covered, in the refrigerator.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.
Put the pork in a roasting pan and bake for 1 hour at 400, then bump down to 350 for remaining 2 to 2 1/2 hours.
(Pretty much, you want to roast the pork until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part registers 170 degrees F and it is falling apart).
For BBQ Sauce:
Combine the vinegar, mustard, ketchup, brown sugar, garlic, salt, and black pepper in a saucepan over medium heat. Simmer gently, stirring, for 10 minutes until the sugar dissolves. (If you like a "saucy" pulled pork sandwich, I suggest making a little more of this sauce)
Remove the pork roast from the oven and transfer to a cutting board.
Allow the meat to rest for about 10 minutes.
While still warm, take 2 forks and "pull" the meat to form shreds.
Put the shredded pork in a bowl. (If just shredding does not give you the bite size you want, give it a rough chop too).
Pour 1/2 of the sauce on the shredded pork and mix well to coat.
To serve, spoon the pulled pork mixture onto the bottom half of the roll. Serve with coleslaw (on top of the pork or on the side), veggie chips and remaining sauce.

Submitter: 
Sarah
Description: 
This was the recipe I concocted from various searches when I made my first pulled pork. And it is delicious! We wrapped leftovers in individual portions and froze them (with sauce) for future meals. There are SO many things you can do with pulled pork such as: tacos, enchiladas, wraps, chili, you name it! This recipe is your classic pulled pork sandwich and a homemade BBQ sauce with a cider vinegar kick.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
