URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63136722/oreo-cookies-cream-filled-cupcakes/
Title:
Oreo Cookies & Cream Filled Cupcakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the Cupcakes:
1 cup strong brewed coffee
1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature
¾ cup unsweetened cocoa powder
2 cups all-purpose flour
2 cups granulated sugar
1½ teaspoons baking soda
¾ teaspoons salt
2 eggs
2/3 cup sour cream
Filling/ frosting
24 miniature Oreos  for filling
24 miniature Oreos for garnish
1 cup butter, softened
1 cup shortening
8 cups confectioners' sugar
2 teaspoons vanilla
1/4 teaspoon salt
6 fluid ounces heavy cream
1/4 cup Oreos crumbs (heaping 1/4 cup of mini Oreos processed into crumbs) (reserve 2 tablespoons for topping/garnish)

Directions:
Cupcakes
Preheat your oven to 325°, line cupcake pans and set aside.
In a large saucepan over medium heat bring the coffee and butter to a simmer. Add the cocoa powder and whisk until mixture is smooth. Cool slightly.
In a medium bowl whisk together the flour, sugar, baking soda, and salt.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, or in a large bowl with an electric mixer, beat the eggs and sour cream until combined.
Slowly add the coffee to the egg mixture and beat just to combine.
Add the flour mixture and beat slowly until just combined.
Pour the batter into a zip top bag; close the bag and snip off one corner.
Divide the batter in the prepared cupcake pan, filling them 1/2 of the way full. In the preheated oven bake the cupcakes for about 17 minutes (or until tester inserted into center comes out clean).
Cool cupcakes completely on a wire rack. Meanwhile, make the frosting.
Frosting
Cream shortening until fluffy. Add confectioner's sugar and continue creaming until well blended.
Add salt, vanilla, and whipping cream blend on low speed until moistened.
Add additional whipping cream if necessary (up to 2 ounces). Beat at high speed until frosting is fluffy.  Add Oreo crumbs,(minus 2 Tablespoons). Combine on low speed.  Then fold by hand to finish combining.
Assembly (see notes for assembly instructions.

Submitter: 
AllieGeekPi
Description: 
Happy 100th birthday to Oreos!  Chocolate cupcake ith creamy filling. Oreos inside the cupcakes and in the frosting as well as decorating the cupcakes give these cupcakes a cookies and cream flavor and texture.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
