URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63132119/home-made-corned-beef/
Title:
Home Made Corned Beef Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
The Brine:
1-1/2 qts. water
1/2 cup Kosher Salt
1 cup brown sugar
1/4 cup pickling spice
1 12oz bottle of lager style beer
2 tbsp salt peter or Insta-Cure
1 4-5 lb brisket trimmed (don't trim off all the fat)
For Seasoning the Corned Beef after brining:
2 tbsp of pickling spice or
3 bay leaves
1 tbsp coriander seeds
2 whole allspice
1 small dried red chile, then
2 bottles of Guinness Stout
Water
1 head of cabbage
6 medium carrots, peeled
4 medium onions, peeled and halved
3 lbs small red or white potatoes

Directions:
To Brine the Brisket:
Mix all of the ingredients listed above in a large bowl.  Stir constantly until all of the ingredients, (except for the pickling spices) are fully dissolved in the water/beer mixture.
Place the brisket in a air tight container and pour brine mixture over it.
Place container in refrigerator.
Allow brisket to cure for 7 days in the refrigerator, turning the brisket over in the brine mixture once a day.
After 7 days, remove the brisket from the brine.  If you choose, freeze the remaining brine for reuse.  Brine should be re-useable up to 5 times before replacing it with fresh brine.
You now need to soak the brisket in fresh water to reduce the amount of salt in the meat.
Place cured brisket (corned beef) into a large stainless steel bowl.  Cover with water and allow to soak for two hours in the refrigerator.
Repeat this process for 8 hours changing water every two hours.
Your corned beef is now ready to bake/braise in the oven, or season and smoke for pastrami.
For Corned Beef:
Place corned beef in a dutch oven with one inch of water
Add the Guinness
Season with pickling spices
Cook covered in oven for 3 hours at 350*
Remove corned beef, cover to keep warm and set aside.
Add vegetables to water/Guinness mixture and allow to cook for another 30 - 40 minutes or until tender.
Thinly slice corned beef and serve with the vegetables and horseradish.

Submitter: 
Bill Alexander
Description: 
Brine your brisket, braise it and then enjoy this excellent corned beef thinly sliced as a festive meal, or piled high on corned rye bread sandwich.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
7+ d + 4 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
