URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63134495/crawfish-and-shrimp-boil/
Title:
Crawfish and Shrimp Boil Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 heads   garlic, unpeeled
5 bay leaves
2 large onions, quatered
1 (3 ounce) packages dry crab boil
1 cup shrimp and crab boil seasoning
1 handful kosher salt
1 handful whole peppercorns
3 large  oranges, quatered
3 large lemons, quatered
2 large whole artichokes
15 red potatoes, washed
15 pieces baby corn (5 ears cut into 3)
1 pound package mushrooms, cleaned
1 pound fresh green beans, trimmed
1 lb pkg smoked sausage, cut into 1/2 inch slices
6 pounds live crawfish, purged
2 pounds deveined shrimp

Directions:
Fit a large (5 gallon) pot with a strainer insert, and fill half full with water.
Add the onions, garlic, bay leaves, dry and liquid crab boil seasonings, salt, pepper, oranges, lemons,and artichokes, and let bring boil for 10 min.
Add potatoes and corn (normal size corn on the cob cut in half or use frozen corn on the cob, remember to defrost before cooking) and cook for 10 min at a low boil, not a simmer.
Add your other vegetables and cook for 5 min then return the water to a full boil.
Stir in the sausage; cook 5 minutes more.
Add the Crawfish and cook per the following directions: Once you add the Crawfish to the boiling water, return the water to a boil, cook for 7 to 8 min. Immediately complete this next step, it is the difference between good Crawfish and GREAT Crawfish!! Once you turn the fire off after the 7 to 8 min boil time, place a 2 to 3 inch layer of ice in the pot. Yes, I said ice! (the pot size will determine how much ice you will need). Cover the pot and let the Crawfish soak for 15 min.
Dump in a couple of serving spoons of butter/marganrine, and sprinkler with Tony Cachere's.
Serve crawfish hot, Louisiana-style, spread over a picnic table covered with newspapers.

Submitter: 
Cori
Description: 
Feed a crowd with a Cajun-style crawfish boil prepared outside over propane heat or inside atop the stove. Use your largest stockpot and boil artichokes, potatoes, corn, onions, mushrooms, green beans, and sausage with crawfish in a spicy broth brimming with traditional seasonings.Modified from: Louisiana Crawfish Boil
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
