URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63138809/real-korean-bulgogi/
Title:
Real Korean Bulgogi Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1.5-2lbs Sirloin beef roast, thinly sliced
1 1/2-2 Tbsp sugar
2-2 1/2 Tbsp soy sauce
1-1 1/2 Tbsp sesame oil
2-2 1/2 Tbsp minced garlic
1 White onion, quartered and sliced
3-5 Green onions, cut in 1 inch pieces
1-1 1/2 Tbsp Dashida (Korean beef stock powder)
3-4 Tbsp Gochujang(Korean Hot Red Pepper Paste)I use this much in mine because we like it hot, but use at your disgression this is hot stuff! I reccomend for mild heat 1T, for medium heat 2T. Don't try to replace the taste with chile sauce because it WILL NOT taste the same, trust me.

Directions:
Place everything in a large mixing bowl and mix well with your hands. TASTE, TASTE, TASTE!! If you're not dying to eat it off your fingers by now, then keep working with it. Everything should be well coated and moist. NOT dry, almost a semi sauce like consistency.
Cover and set aside until ready to use, or place in refrigerator overnight.
Heat charcoal grill to medium heat (most reccomended), or use a large non-stick counter griddle on medium heat.
Place pieces of meat and onion, in batches, spread out on a lightly greased non-stick fire pan (the ones with small holes)for the grill, or counter griddle. Cook a few minutes on each side until meat is done and onions are tender. Remove and keep warm. Repeat in batches, until all the meat and onions are cooked through.
Serve with white rice, leaf lettuce leaves or salted seaweed paper, and kimchi and or other korean side dishes. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Mrs. T. Davis
Description: 
I've watched my mother (she is Korean) make this for years and I make it the same way often. Everything is mixed by taste, which is very important. This was a bit difficult to put into actual measurements for me because I've learned to use my eyes, nose, and tastebuds to make this fantastic dish and never used actual measurements before. One thing I've realized - If you're ready to eat it straight out of the marinating bowl then you've got it right. Don't be afraid to taste it and get your hands dirty!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
80 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
