URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63135512/karlas-totally-awesome-every-grain-bread/
Title:
Karla's Totally Awesome Every-Grain Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/800573.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/4 cups warm water (110 degrees)
1 tablespoon quick-rising active dry yeast
3 tablespoons honey
5 1/2 - 6 1/2 cups 100% whole wheat flour*
1/3 cup wheat gluten
1 tablespoon salt
1 1/2 cups mixed grains**
1 1/4 cups milk
3 tablespoons butter
* Alternative:  substitute all or part of the whole wheat flour for other whole grain flours, such as rye or buckwheat flour.
** To make the mixed grains, select several grains, seeds, and/or nuts and combine.  You can do this very inexpensively by selecting grains and seeds from the bulk section of your local grocery store, if available.  Suggested grains include:  rolled oats, rolled barley, quinoa, steel cut oats, sunflower seeds, unhulled sesame seeds, cracked wheat, pumpkin seeds, whole flax seeds, millet, cornmeal, rye, triticale, buckwheat, spelt, poppy seeds, wheat bran, etc.  Mix the grains and seeds together.  Freeze leftovers in an air-tight container to preserve freshness.  (For about $5, you can get enough grains to make at least 10 loaves.)

Directions:
Combine warm water, yeast, and honey. Stir.
In a separate saucepan, heat the milk and butter until the butter is completely melted and the milk is warm (do not boil.)
Put 4 1/2 cups of the flour, the wheat gluten, salt, and mixed grains into a mixer.  Using a bread hook, mix on low speed to combine.
Add the water and milk mixtures to the flour.  Mix on low to medium speed until thoroughly combined.  Continue to mix on medium speed while very slowly adding additional flour, until the dough pulls completely away from the sides of the mixing bowl and becomes one mass.  Continue running the mixer for an additional 30-60 seconds.  Using the mixer in this manner will do most of the kneading for you.  **If you do not have a mixer and bread hook, mix as much of the flour, water, and milk mixtures as you can by hand and add additional kneading time below.
Turn dough out onto a floured surface and continue to knead for 1-3 more minutes and knead in enough of the remaining flour to create a moderately stiff dough, kneading in enough flour so that the dough is no longer sticky.  Shape into a ball.  Place in a greased bowl, turning one time to grease the surface.  Cover with a clean towel and place in a warm place to raise until double in size.
Divide dough in half.  Knead each section of dough a few times to work out any air pockets and form into a loaf.
Optional step:  Roll each loaf in 1/4 cups of mixed grains, tapping to remove excess grains.
Place in a large greased bread pan.  Allow to raise in a warm location until double in size.  Bake in a preheated oven at 350 degrees for 28 - 35 minutes, or until the bread top is medium-golden brown and sounds hollow when tapped.  Remove from pans and allow to cool on wire racks before slicing.

Submitter: 
Karla Salp
Description: 
I developed this 100% whole grain recipe after finding a many-grained bread at the store that I loved, but was very expensive.  This totally fresh, homemade version delivers the nutrition that I want at a fraction of the price.  Sliced thick or thin, this bread is great for a variety of uses, from accompanying your favorite soup to making sandwiches.  This is an extremely tasty, fiber-packed bread that you can feel great about serving to your family and friends!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
2 hrs 30 min
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
