URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63138071/azalinas-mint-curry/
Title:
Azalina's Mint Curry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup dried red chilies, remove stems and seeds
1/4 cup olive oil
5 medium shallots, peeled and roughly chopped
2 tbsp coriander powder
2 tbsp cumin powder
2 tbsp fennel seeds
1 head of garlic, cloves peeled and crushed
1 hand ginger, peeled and roughly chopped
5 stalks lemon grass, trimmed and chopped very thin
1/3 cup chopped candle nuts, macadamia nuts or almonds
0.5 oz star anise
0.5 oz cinnamon sticks
0.25 oz cloves
0.5 oz cardamom
3 fresh turmeric roots, peeled or 2 tsp dried turmeric powder
2 lb boneless skinless chicken breast, cut into cubes
2 tsp kosher salt
1 can coconut milk
1/2 cup of water
1 medium lime juiced
2 cups toasted grated fresh coconut
1/2 cup of fresh mint

Directions:
Soak dried chilies in ½ cup of boiling water for 30 minutes. Drain and squeeze out excess moisture.
Toast coconut in a heavy pan on low heat until dark golden brown.  Stir frequently to prevent burning.
To make the spice paste – Toast cumin, fennel, and coriander until aromatic.  In a blender, puree half of the oil, shallots, garlic, and ginger into a smooth paste. Add lemongrass, candlenuts or almonds, turmeric, chilies, cumin, fennel, coriander, and toasted coconut—purée until smooth. Add a small amount of water if necessary to facilitate blending.
Add the remaining oil, cinnamon sticks, star anise, cardamom, cloves, and mint stems to a heavy-bottomed pan. Stir and toast on medium-low heat until aromatic, about 3 minutes.
Add curry paste to the pan, stirring until it is hot, add water, then add the chicken and salt. Cook for 10 minutes. Add the coconut milk; raise the heat to high. Bring the mixture to a boil and then simmer on low heat stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon until the meat is tender and the sauce is thick, about 1 to 1 ½ half hours.
Adjust seasoning, when the meat is tender add chopped mint, lime juice, and more salt to taste as needed. Cook for a minute or two. Turn off the heat and let the curry rest for 15 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
azalina
Description: 
Something interesting
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
