URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63137016/slow-smoked-pulled-pork-boston-butt/
Title:
Slow Smoked Pulled Pork (Boston Butt) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/801185.jpg
Ingredients:
3-5 lb. Boston Butt (Bone-In)
1/2 cup Spicy Brown Mustard
5 tbsp. Dark Brown Sugar
4 tsp. Seasoned Salt (Lawry's or Jane's Crazy Mixed Up Salt works great)
4 1/2 tsp. Onion Powder
4 1/2 tsp. Garlic Powder
4 tsp. Paprika
2 tsp. Cumin
3 tsp. Black Pepper
1 tsp. Cayenne Pepper
2 cups Beer (Pilsners, like Budweiser or Miller)
1 cup Pickle Juice
3/4 cup Olive Oil (or Vegetable Oil, if you prefer)
1 liter water
8 lbs. Chunked Smoking Wood--I prefer fruit wood, like cherry, peach, or apple.  Mesquite and hickory can also be used, depending on what's available and what you prefer.

Directions:
In a medium bowl, mix all dry ingredients.  This is the dry rub.  Next, evenly coat the butt with the spicy brown mustard (this helps the rub stick, and adds a mild tanginess to the meat).  Evenly coat the butt with the dry rub, being sure to work the rub into all the folds and creases of the meat.
Next, mix the pickle juice and olive oil in a cup or bowl.  This will be the baste for the meat, to add flavor, and keep the meat moist during cooking.
Now it's time to get your smoker going.  Use roughly 5 lbs of regular charcoal to get the smoker started.  Once these coals have turned mostly white and are flaming, add the hardwood for smoking.  7-8 baseball sized chunks is enough to get it started.  Be sure the smoking wood is distributed evenly around the fire.  Immediately add the drip pan over the coals & wood.  Pour the beer into the drip pan, and add water until drip pan is mostly full.  Cover the smoker.  Allow the drip pan mixture to boil, and the smoker to gather heat.  Once the mixture is boiling, place the butt over the drip pan.  Cover and let smoke.
Cook time is usually 1 1/2 hour per lb. of meat.  Turn the meat every hour.  After the first 2 turns (once the meat is starting to char a little on the outside), baste the meat with the pickle juice/olive oil mixture.  Re-baste the meat after every turn.  Add wood chunks as needed to maintain a 350 degree temperature.
Use a meat thermometer to check the meat after the first 4 turns.  Cook the meat until it reaches 175 degrees.  Pull off smoker and wrap in foil, and let it set for 30 minutes.
Uncover meat, and cut into chunks.  Pull the meet apart in small strands and put into a large bowl.  Now, squeeze the meat with both hands repeatedly, and mix after each squeeze.
Serve with BBQ sauce if desired.

Submitter: 
webbbilly
Description: 
This simple yet effective boston butt recipe gives the pulled pork a mildly spicy and tangy flavor.  The combination of smoke and moisture from the drip pan work very well at cooking the meat evenly, but leave plenty of juices within the meat itself.  I've tried several different methods with boston butt, and this one is my favorite, as well as a favorite among my friends.  Give it a try and see if you like it, and please don't be shy and leave some feedback!  Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15-20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
