URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63135991/kitchenaid-whole-wheat-pizza-dough/
Title:
KitchenAid Whole Wheat Pizza Dough Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 scant cup whole-wheat flour
1 cup unbleached all-purpose flour
2-1/4 teaspoons instant yeast or 1 package quick-rising yeast
1 teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon sugar
¾ cup hot water (approximately 115°F)
1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil
coarse cornmeal, for sprinkling on the peel

Directions:
1. In the bowl of the stand mixer, combine whole-wheat flour, all-purpose flour, yeast, salt, and sugar and whisk together. Combine hot water and oil in a measuring cup. With the mixer running on low speed, gradually pour in enough of the hot liquid until the mixture forms a sticky ball. The dough should be quite soft. If it seems dry, add 1 to 2 tablespoons warm water; if too sticky, add 1 to 2 tablespoons flour. Mix on low until the dough forms a ball, then increased speed to 2 for just 1 minute to knead.
2. Transfer the dough to a lightly floured surface. Coat a sheet of plastic wrap with cooking spray and place it, sprayed-side down, over the dough. Let the dough rest for 10 to 20 minutes before rolling.
3. Place a pizza stone on the lowest oven rack; preheat oven to 500°F or highest setting. Sprinkle the coarse cornmeal on the pizza peel or pizza pan.
4. Lightly flour your hands. Flatten the dough with your palms, then pick it up and hold it by the edge, rotating the dough in a circle. This helps stretch the dough.
5. Lay the stretched dough on the floured surface. Roll the pizza, rotating a quarter turn after a couple rolls. Continue until you have a 12 to 13-inch circle. Transfer the rolled dough to the pizza peel or pizza pan.
6. Add the toppings of your choice and place pizza pan in the oven. If using a baking stone, slide the pizza onto the hot stone.
7. Bake the pizza until the bottom is crisp and golden, 10 to 14 minutes. Serve immediately

Submitter: 
Debbie Labit Stricks
Description: 
Pizza dough using the KitchenAid stand mixer with the dough hook
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
