URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63137100/tangtastic-grilled-lean-meatloaf/
Title:
Tangtastic Grilled Lean Meatloaf Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/801216.jpg
Ingredients:
2 lbs. Ground Sirloin
1/2 lb. Ground Italian Sausage
3/4 cup Chili Sauce
1/4 cup A1 Steak Sauce
1 cup Chopped Red Onion
1 cup Italian Bread Crumbs
2 large eggs
2 tsp. Horseradish
2 tsp. Spicy Brown Mustard
1 tsp. Seasoned Salt (I use Lawry's or Jane's Crazy Mixed Up Salt)
1/2 tsp. Ground Black Pepper
1/4 tsp. Cayenne Pepper (optional)
2 tbsp. Chili Sauce
1 tbsp. A1 Steak Sauce (these will be used to cover the meatloaf)
9"X5" Loaf Pan
1 tbsp. Olive Oil (or Vegetable Oil if you prefer)
Hardwood Smoking Chips (optional)

Directions:
Beat 2 large eggs in a small bowl.
Combine ground sirloin, italian sausage, 3/4 cup chili sauce, 1/4 cup A1 Steak Sauce, chopped onions, italian bread crumbs, horseradish, spicy brown mustard, seasoned salt, ground black pepper, cayenne pepper (if you want a little spice), and beaten eggs in a large bowl.  Knead mixture until all ingredients are thoroughly and evenly distributed.
Coat inside and top edges of loaf pan with the olive oil to prevent meatloaf from sticking.
Transfer meat mixture into the loaf pan, being careful to keep all contents inside.
Mix together 2 tbsp chili sauce & 1 tbsp A1 Steak Sauce, and spread over the top of the meatloaf with a spoon or brush.
Once your grill is ready to cook, scatter a handful of hardwood smoking chips (I prefer Mesquite) over coals.
Replace grid and place loaf pan on the rack.
Close grill top, and allow a little ventilation for smoke to pass through and for the fire to breathe.
Let meatloaf smoke on the grill for 45 minutes, and check the internal temperature.  The internal temperature should be 165 degrees.  If the temperature is lower, allow meatloaf to cook for 15 more minutes and recheck temperature.
Once meatloaf is cooked, pull off the grill and let sit for 15 minutes.
Invert the pan onto a serving plate (be careful as the pan will still be very hot).  Use a bread knife or carving knife to cut loaf into 1" thick slices.
Serve and ENJOY!!!

Submitter: 
webbbilly
Description: 
This grilled meatloaf recipe is simple, and provides and interesting twist to an already classic meal.  Using leaner ground meat makes this dish a healthier choice, without sacrificing flavor.  The chili sauce mixture gives the meatloaf a tangy, spicy flavor that is sure to please anyone's palate!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
