URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63131101/roasted-vegetable-bacon-and-gorgonzola-pizza/
Title:
Roasted Vegetable, Bacon and Gorgonzola Pizza Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/798940.jpg
Ingredients:
4 Roma tomatoes, sliced 1/4- to 1/2-inch thick
9 ounces mixed mushrooms (e.g. cremini, oyster, portobello), rinsed
Balsamic vinegar, for drizzling
Salt and pepper to taste
2 large sweet onions, halved and sliced 1/4-inch thick
2 Tbsp Extra Virgin Olive Oil, plus extra for brushing on pizza crust
2 slices thick, applewood-smoked bacon
2-4 Tbsp Alfredo sauce, from jar of brand of your choice
4 ounces Fontina cheese, grated coarsely
2 ounces crumbled Gorgonzola cheese
1 12-inch thin crust pizza, from package of brand of your choice

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.
Place sliced tomatoes and mushrooms on non-stick, foil-lined baking sheet. Sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste and lightly drizzle with Balsamic vinegar (just a splash over the veggies). Roast for 20-25 minutes, turning once about half-way though. Allow to cool to room temperature.
Meanwhile, add olive oil to a large non-stick skillet set over medium-high heat. Add onions and reduce heat to medium. Caramelize the onions until they are golden brown and soft, turning occasionally, about 15-20 minutes. Sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste and lightly drizzle with Balsamic vinegar. Set aside to cool.
Cook the bacon slices on a paper towel-lined, microwavable plate in the microwave set on HIGH power for 1-2 minute intervals until almost crisp. Coarsely chop the bacon.
Meanwhile, brush the sides of the pizza crust with a thin layer of olive oil. Spread the Alfredo sauce in a thin layer around the crust evenly but leave about a half inch of crust showing around the edge. Sprinkle the grated Fontina cheese over the Alfredo sauce. Spoon the tomato and mushroom mixture and the caramelized onions over the cheese. Sprinkle the bacon and Gorgonzola crumbles over the vegetables.
Bake for about 15 to 18 minutes or until the top is bubbly and starting to turn golden and the edge is golden brown.

Submitter: 
innermuse
Description: 
A mouth-watering, savory pizza loaded with roasted vegetables, melty Fontina cheese and Gorgonzola and bacon crumbles.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
