URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63134550/braised-pork-tenderloin/
Title:
Braised Pork Tenderloin Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/875122.jpg
Ingredients:
Dry Rub (in)
1 (Tbsp Cayenne pepper)
1 (Tbsp Paprika)
1 (Tbsp Ground Cumin)
1 (Tbsp Ground Coriander)
1 (Tbsp Light Brown Sugar)
1 (Tsp Grey Sea Salt or other salt)
1 (Tsp Fresh Ground Black Pepper)
2 Pork tenderloins
1 Cup Red bell pepper diced
1 Cup Celery diced
1 Cup Onion Diced
2 Garlic cloves minced roughly
3/4 Stick Unsalted Butter
Extra virgin olive oil
1/2 Cup All purpose flour
3 Cups chicken broth
Salt and pepper to flavor

Directions:
Add the rub together and roll the pork in the rub to coat the entire surface of the meat. Reserve the leftover rub for later
Heat a large dutch oven or heavy pot wit 1/4 stick of butter and about an equal amount of oil on a high flame. When the butter and oil are very hot add the coated pork and brown it about two minutes or until you get a nice crusty outer coating. Turn it over and do the other side. When both sides are done remove then and reserve for later.
Lower the flame of the pot you just browned the meat in add the onion, bell pepper and the celery if it is dry add just a touch more oil so to saute the aromatics. Add a little salt and pepper so to season the aromatics. Try to rub the bottom of the pot with your utensil to pick up any residuals of the meat. When the aromatics are softened add the garlic and saute about another two minutes.
Add the additional 1/2 stick of butter and allow it to get hot. When the butter heats up slowly sprinkle the flour in contentiously mixing and scrapping the bottom of the pot to prevent scorching the flour. Do this about 3 or 4 minutes.
Stir in the broth and loosen up the flour and aromatics add the leftover dry rub mix well and add the pork bring to a simmer cover and stir occasionally. There should be just enough sauce to have the top of the meat still exposed. Cook about another 20 to 30 minutes turning the tenderloins over occasionally so to cook evenly on both sides.
Taste the sauce and season with salt and pepper if needed

Submitter: 
Buon Appetito
Description: 
I had some Pork tenderloin and wanted to do something a little different. The second time I made this I was not able to get a pork tenderloin and used these really thick 2 inch bone in pork chops, it was delicious. The point is you can use almost any cut for this recipe. It could be a roast, loin or chop it is really the dry rub and the sauce that makes this recipe good.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
