URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63132692/chocolate-bubble-wreath/
Title:
Chocolate Bubble Wreath Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 16-oz loaf of sweet roll dough or frozen white roll dough.
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1 teasp unsweetened cocoa powder
1 teasp ground cinamon
20 milk chocolate kisses, unwrapped
1/4 cup butter, melted
3  Tablesp. butter
1/3 cuo semisweet chovolate pieces
1/4 cup packed brown sugar
2 tablesp light-collored corn syrup
1/4 teasp vanilla
1/4 cup sliced almonds, toasted

Directions:
1. Thaw frozen dough for 2-3 hours at room temperature or overnight in refrigerator.  Generously grease a 10-in fluted tube pan.  Set aside.  In a small bowl, combine the 1/2 cup granulated sugar, Cocoa powder and cinamon.  Set aside.
2. With a sharp knife or scissors, cut loaf of  dough crosswise into 5 slices.  Cut each slice into fourths, making 20 pieces.  Using your hands, flatten each dough piece into a 2 1/2 to 3 inch round of dough.  Place a chocolate kiss, point side up, in the center of each round.  Bring the edge of the dough up and around the chocolate kiss to form a ball.  Pinch the edges of the dough together to seal firmly.
3. Dip each ball of dough into the 1/4 cup melted butter, then roll it in sugar mixture.  Arrange coatedballs in pan in 2 layers.  Drizzle with any remaining melted butter and sprinkle with any remaining sugar mixture.  Cover and let rise in warm place until almost double in size (About 2 hours)
4. Bake in a 375* oven for 30 minutes.  Cover with foil during the last 10 minutes of baking time to avoid over browning.
5.For topping: in a saucepan, melt the 3 tablespoons butter.  Stir in semisweet chocolate pieces,  brown sugar and corn syrup.  Cook and stir over low heat until chocolate begins to melt and mixture is smooth.  Remove from heat, stir in vanilla.  Loosen rolls from pan; invert onto a serving plate and remove pan.  Spoon topping over the ring.  Sping with almonds.  Let stand to 15 minutes.  Serve warm.

Submitter: 
Faye Watkins
Description: 
Chocolate wrapped in sweet-roll dough forms smallbubbles in bread.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 hr
Ready in:
6 hr
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
