URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63144721/burrito-pie/
Title:
Burrito Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1.5 pounds ground beef
1 onion, chopped
2 T minced garlic
1 (8 ounce) can black olives, chopped
1 (4 ounce) can diced green chili peppers
1 28 ounce can green chile enchilada sauce
1 packet taco seasoning
1 (16 ounce) can refried beans
16 (8 inch) flour tortillas
16 ounces shredded Mexican cheese
6 ounce Cotija cheese
2 chopped green onions
about 20 jalapeno slices
1 T cumin
1 T chile powder
1 tsp chipotle chile powder
1 T ground cayenne

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Defrosted 1.5 lb already browned ground beef in the microwave and then cooked it for a while with about 2 cloves of garlic and the remainder of a red onion (probably 3/4) left in the fridge.
Then dumped one can of refried beans, a 4oz can of Hatch chiles, a LARGE can (28 oz I think) of green chile enchilada sauce, taco seasoning packet, a tablespoon or so of cumin, a tablespoon of chile powder, a tablespoon of ground cayenne (I like spicy.) and a teaspoon or so of chipotle chile powder.  (Wish I'd used even more cayenne.)
Cooked all of this about 25 minutes to let the flavors meld.
Meanwhile, I chopped up black olives, gathered the remainder of a bag of shredded Mexican cheese, a baggy of leftover Cotija cheese and also the corn tortillas in my fridge that also had to be used or tossed.
Crisped tortillas in oven.
Spread some of the meat mixture on the bottom and then a doubled layer of crisped tortillas, more meat, Mexican cheese mix, Cotija cheese, black olives and jalapeno slices.  Repeated this about 3 times, ending with more tortillas with cheese, olives and chopped green onions on top.
Cooked about 30 minutes at 375.
Served with salsa and sour cream.

Submitter: 
gayla
Description: 
Ground beef, refried beans and tomatoes are combined with chiles and taco sauce, then  layered in a casserole with tortillas and cheese, and baked.Modified from: Burrito Pie
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
