URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63144827/toffys-tortilla-soup/
Title:
Toffy's Tortilla Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 1/2 cups cooked leftover Rotisserie Chicken(Meat picked off the bone and chopped) You can use the bones to boil for part of the broth, just strain it to give you a nice clear broth.
2 qts chicken broth (the boxed kind is great)
1 qt of additional water (if desired/needed for more brothy soup)
1 (4 ounce) can Diced Green Chiles
1 (10 ounce) can Tomatoes with Green Chile Peppers
1 can (15 oz) Diced Tomatoes
1 6oz can tomato Paste
1 onion, chopped
1/2 cup Sweet Red and or Yellow Bell Peppers (No green as they are too strong of a flavor)
6 cloves garlic, minced
3 tablespoon fresh lime juice (in a jar works too)
1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro
1/4 cup chopped fresh basil
1/2 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper (optional)
1/2 tsp fresh Ground Pepper (or to taste)
1 tsp salt (or to taste)
1 tsp sugar
1 to 2 teaspoons ground cumin (or to taste)
1 to 2 cans White Northern Beans
1-2 Corn tortillas
2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil (divided)
Garnishes: Without the fried corn tortilla strips it won't be Tortilla Soup. Put some in the bottom of bowl and a few more for the top of the soup.
Chopped Avocado, Cheddar and Jack Shredded Cheese, Sour Cream (A dollop per bowl). Garnishes are as desired and really make the soup extra special.

Directions:
In about an 8 qt soup pot: Cook/fry the onion and sweet peppers in 1 1/2 tbl Olive Oil until limp and slightly browned. Add the garlic and fry until just barely browned. Add the chicken broth, green chilies, tomatoes with green chilies, Diced Tomatoes,the beans and the juice,Tomato Paste and stir to combine. Add the Chicken and bring to a boil for 5 min then simmer for 15-25 min. Add the remaining soup ingredients except for the corn tortillas, and garnish. Simmer for 10-15 minutes longer.
While the soup simmers:
Cut the tortillas into about 1/4" x 2-inch strips. Fry in hot olive oil in skillet until golden brown; drain on paper towels.
Place a few tortilla strips in the bottom of bowl, then ladle the soup into bowls.
Garnish with Shredded Cheddar and Monterey Jack Cheese and  tortilla strips, a dollop of Sour Cream,and Chopped Avocado.
Serve and Enjoy.

Submitter: 
Toffy
Description: 
Chicken, green chilies, tomatoes and garlic are combined in chicken broth with lime juice then seasoned with cumin and cilantro in this tasty soup.Served garnished with freshly fried corn tortilla strips,shredded cheeses,Avocado, and Sour Cream.Modified from: Tortilla Soup II
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
