URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63147837/double-chocolate-peppermint-cookies/
Title:
Double Chocolate Peppermint Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/805811.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour
3/4 cups unsweetened cocoa powder
1 teaspoon salt (go for 1 1/4 teaspoons if you really like salt)
3/4 teaspoon baking soda
2 sticks (8 ounces) unsalted butter, at room temperature
1 cup sugar
2/3 cup (packed) light brown sugar
1 teaspoons pure peppermint extract
2 large eggs
12 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped into chips, or 2 cups storebought chocolate chips or chunks (I used a mixture of milk chocolate and semi sweet chocolate chips)

Directions:
Center a rack in the oven and preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.Line two baking sheets with parchment or silicone mats.
Whisk together the flour, cocoa, salt and baking soda and keep close at hand.
Working in a stand mixer, preferably fitted with a paddle attachment, or with a hand mixer in a large bowl, beat the butter on medium speed for about 1 minute, until smooth.Add the sugars and beat for another 2 minutes or so, until well blended.Beat in the peppermint.Add the eggs, one at a time, and beat for 1 minute after each egg goes in.Reduce the mixer speed to low and add the dry ingredients in 3 portions, mixing only until each addition is incorporated.On low speed, or by hand with a rubber spatula, mix in the chocolate pieces.(The dough can be covered and refrigerated for up to 3 days or frozen.If you’d like, you can freeze rounded tablespoons of dough, ready for baking.There’s no need to defrost before baking – just add another minute or two to the baking time.)
Spoon the dough by slightly rounded tablespoonfuls onto the baking sheets, leaving about 2 inches between spoonfuls.
Bake the cookies – one sheet at a time and rotating the sheet at the midway point – for 10 to 12 minutes, or until they are set around the edges; they may still be a little soft in the middle, and that’s just fine.Pull the sheet from the oven and allow the cookies to rest for 1 minute, then carefully, using a wide metal spatula, transfer them to racks to cool to room temperature.
Repeat with the remainder of the dough, cooling the baking sheets between batches.

Submitter: 
Sanderson32
Description: 
What I love about these cookies is that there loaded with all sorts of chocolate. There’s the cocoa powder which intensely flavors the whole cookie, then there’s the milk chocolate chips and semi sweet chocolate chips. How many different kinds of chocolate do you need in a cookie? As much as possible. You might even try throwing white chocolate chips in these beauties.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
