URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63144226/craving--vietnamese-salad/
Title:
Craving- Vietnamese Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 package rice vermicelli (found in the Asian foods section of your grocery)
1 head red leaf lettuce, coarsely shredded
1 1/2 cup julienne carrot
1 cucumber, peeled,seeded and cut into thin 1" long matchsticks
1 bunch scallion, thinly sliced
1/2 red bell pepper, cut into 1"long thin matchsticks
1 bunch cilantro, leaves plucked from stems(discard stems)
Meat and marinade:
1 # thin cut boneless pork chops, boneless chicken breast, flank steak or pressed tofu, cut into very thin strips (you can use one or any combination of the above) and/or 1 # cooked and peeled shrimp
Marinade:
1/4 cup mirin (sweetened rice wine vinegar)
3 tbsp. soy sauce
1 tbsp brown sugar
1-4 tbsp chili paste (sri-cha sauce- found in asian section)use to taste, this is HOT
3 tbsp fish sauce ( found in asian foods section)
1 tbsp minced garlic
Dressing:
1/3 cup mirin
1/4 cp fish sauce
1/2 cp prepared Asian Sesame dressing ( from bottled)
1-4 tbsp sri-cha sauce
topping:
3/4 cp coarsely ground salted peanuts

Directions:
In Large saucepan, cover the noodles with boiling water, let sit 5 minutes then drain and cut thru the bowl with a knife several times to shorten noodles and make them easier to incorporate into the other ingredients.
Stir together the marinade ingredients.
Stir the meat/meats (except for shrimp) into the marinade and let sit for at least one hour, or up to 4 hours. Drain off the marinade and stir fry the meat in 1 tbsp oil until lightly browned, drain if necessary and allow to cool to room temperature. cook tofu separately if using, and the shrimp can be added as they are- mo marinating or cooking required.
Stir together the dressing ingredients.
(* if you are traveling with the salad, do not add vegetables and dressing until you are ready to serve it.) Then toss everything together at that time, and top the dish off with peanuts. (This takes a lot of "tossing" to get everything mixed together really well. I use salad tossers for the task)

Submitter: 
www.spncp.xyz
Description: 
I live in rural West Virginia, and when I crave Vietnamese food there is no restaurant to satiate that craving, so I came up with this close assimilation of a noodle bowl entree to cure the craving! The spiciness can be varied to suit your diners, but nearly everyone loves this salad. It makes a lot, suitable for cookouts or group suppers, and you can make it meatless, with pork, shrimp, chicken, beef,tofu or any combination.  Lots of ingredients, but well worth the bother!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 -4 hr
Ready in:
1-4 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
