URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63145458/loaded-spanish-rice/
Title:
Loaded Spanish Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 large Sweet onion, diced small
6 cloves fresh garlic, minced
20 manzanilla spanish olives, halved
2 tablespoons capers, rinsed and drained
1 bunch cilantro, chopped
1 can (15 oz.) stewed tomatoes, pulled apart, with all juice
3 tablespoons vegetable oil, separated (1+2)
2 1/4 cups uncooked long grain white rice
32 oz. low sodium chicken broth
1 can (15 oz.) whole kernel corn, drained
1 can (7 oz.) Herdez® salsa ranchera
1 tablespoon and 1 teaspoon Goya® Adobo(dry powder seasoning)
2 packets Sazon Goya® ('cilantro y tomate' flavor)

Directions:
Prep all veggies, fresh & canned; and do all measurements of dry ingredients before anything else. This way you'll be ready to just dump the ingredients into the pot, since you won't have time to prep them as you go; because you'll be stirring.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a PAN over medium heat and sautè onion until soft and just starting to turn golden. About 10 min.
Meanwhile start to toast rice in 2 tablespoons oil over medium-high heat in a large POT, stirring frequently. (If rice is toasted before onion and garlic are done, remove from heat until you can add them in.)
When onion is cooked, reduce the heat under the PAN and add garlic. Cook garlic only a minute or two, stirring; then add the onion and garlic mixture into the rice in the POT (which should be lightly toasted by now).
Immediately add chicken broth to the POT and stir well. (I use a wooden spoon and make sure to get any cooked on bits of rice off the bottom of the pot.)
Increase heat to high.
Add all remaining ingredients and bring to a boil, stirring.
Turn down heat to low and cover pot. Simmer 20 min. WITHOUT PEEKING!
Remove from heat and let sit covered at least 5 min. WITHOUT PEEKING!
Remove cover, stir up the rice.

Submitter: 
Stiritup
Description: 
As the title says...this recipe is LOADED with flavor! I know it might seem like a pain to do all the shopping and prep just for rice, but I think that in the end this will be your favorite spanish rice recipe too. This is great for parties, pot-luck and family gatherings.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
14
Nutritional Facts:
NA
