URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63143299/white-tres-leches-cake/
Title:
White Tres Leches Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pack white cake mix
1 1/2 cups flour
5 large eggs
1 cup sugar
2/3 cup canola oil
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 cup milk
Tres Milks:
10 ounces evaporated milk
10 ounces condensed milk
1/4 cup + 2 tablespoons whipping cream
1/2 teaspoon vanilla
1/8 teaspoon coconut extract or two drops coconut candy oil
Filling:
2 cups whipping cream
1 3.5 ounce box vanilla instant pudding

Directions:
Pre heat oven to 325. In a large mixing bowl mix together the cake ingredients. Spray two 9" round cake pans with a floured non stick cooking spray. Divide the batter into the cake pans and bake until done about 40 to 50 minutes. While the cakes are baking in a medium mixing bowl mix together the Tres milks and refrigerate. In another medium sized bowl add the two cups whipping cream and vanilla pudding. Whip until peaks form(refrigerate). Let you cake layers cool for 15 to 20 minutes. Place wax paper on a cookie sheet. Level the tops of your cakes and remove the cakes from the pans. Place the cakes leveled side up on the wax paper. Take a skewer and poke holes all over the top of the cakes staying 1/4 inch away from the sides of the cakes. Take a 1/2 measuring cup and fill with Tres milks. Slowly pour the mixture over the top of the cake repeating with the next layer until all the milks are added to the cakes. Wrap the cake layers with plastic wrap and place in the fridge overnight (at least four hours). Place one cake layer leveled side up on a cake plate and add the mousse filling. Top with the remaining cake layer leveled side facing down. Frost with favorite butter cream recipe. You can also make a 13x9 sheet cake and soak with the Tres Milks, cut into individual servings and top with mousse rosettes.

Submitter: 
Angela Welch
Description: 
A friend of mine requested a Tres Leches cake that wasn't soggy but full of flavor that could be decorated. This is what I came up with.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
