URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63143508/50-calorie-black-bean-brownie-bites/
Title:
50 Calorie Black Bean Brownie Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/804060.jpg
Ingredients:
1  - 15 ounce can of black beans drained & rinsed
3 egg whites, or Egg Beater equivilent
2 Tablespoons coconut oil
2 tsp vanilla
1/2 cup natural unsweetened applesauce
1/2 cup Stevia in the Raw
1/4 cup granulated fruitose (raw or white sugar is an option)
1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
2 teaspoons expresso powder
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup mini chocolate chips
GLAZE: Makes enough for 60 brownies. The glaze is optional & adds 15 calories. Option 2, dusting with powdered sugar adds 4 calories for each brownie.
1 cup powdered sugar
2 teaspoons coconut oil
1/4 cup cocoa powder
1/2 teaspoon vanilla
1/2 teaspoon expresso powder

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Spray mini muffin pans with cooking spray. Drain and rinse the black beans thoroughly. Let drain while measuring out ingredients. Place beans in the food processor bowl with chopping blade. Add the apple sauce, egg whites, vanilla, & coconut oil. Puree together for a few minutes until mixture is emulsified, scraping down a few times. Add Stevia, fruitose, cocoa powder, baking powder, and salt. Process until completely smooth. Add chocolate chips and pulse a few times to distribute them.. Scrape batter into a 4 cup measuring cup and scoop into muffin pans with cookie scoop. Bake for 12-14 minutes (they are better a little underdone) These can also be baked in an 8"x8" pan for 25-30 minutes.
To Make Glaze: Beat together with wire whisk until smooth. Drizzle cooled brownies with a flork dipped in glaze or use a decorating bag to drizzle on glaze. Sprinkle with a few mini chocolate chips or toasted almonds. Or to make them more diabetic friendly, lightly dust with powdered sugar or serve them plain. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Dee Stillwell
Description: 
On my quest to get healthier, I have been adding alot more complex carbs to our diet..more whole grains, beans and quinoa, etc. I started searching for good ways to continue my sweet tooth and still lose weight. Black bean brownies are one of those guilty pleasures that I feel good about having for dessert. Alot of recipes passed through my kitchen before I took the best from several recipes and made them healthier as well. I hope you  enjoy them as much as my aqua exercise pals did. I took 60 of them and there were only 15 of us there. The trays were empty 30 minutes before I left. LOL
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
30
Nutritional Facts:
NA
