URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63148403/clone-of-strawberries-romanoff/
Title:
Clone of Strawberries Romanoff Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/4 cup of sour cream
3 tbsp. brown sugar
2 tbsps. Mexican or other similar strong vanilla
1.5 - 2 cups of fresh whipping cream
Add a small amount of your favorite liquor (adults only of course.)
1 quart of strawberries, washed, cleaned and sliced or quartered.
Chilled glasses for the dessert.

Directions:
1.	Prepare your ingredients and whip the cream last minute into pre-chilled glasses. If your glasses aren't chilled it will dull the flavor. Pre-chill a bowl as well as beaters making sure both are dry. Use the freezer if you’re pressed for time to speed the process. Allow an extra half hour - overnight is better for the bowl (30 - 50 minutes for thicker glasses).
2.	Whip the sour cream with the brown sugar first.
3.	Slowly add the vanilla until well mixed. The mixture will have a brownish tinge that will fade once the cream is added.
4.	Vigorously shake the still closed container of whipping cream for a few moments.
5.	Open the whipping cream and measure one 1 cup into the clean measuring cup. Add the additional cream a bit at a time to the bowl.
6.	Once the mixture peaks stop mixing or the clotting factor will cause a break-down in the mixture.
7.	Spoon strawberries into your chilled glasses until 1/3 is full. Add a dollop of cream. Continue the process until the glass is full. Place a small amount of the sauce on top.
8.	Chill the glasses for at least 10 - 15 minutes. You can store the whipping cream in the coldest part of the refrigerator for about one or two days, however, this is best served fresh. The sauce will break down after day two.
The original French version of this sauce probably calls for crème fraîche which is difficult to find outside of gourmet food dairy cases. You can try using it in place of the sour cream. The taste may change markedly – for the better.

Submitter: 
dfwenigma
Description: 
A certain French restaurant chain serves a delicious combination of strawberries with Romanoff sauce. My version is just as good and some say a bit better. Don't bother counting the calories. This sauce is rich creamy and delicious. Use good quality vanilla that's strong for this recipe as well as fresh strawberries and fresh dairy - it makes all the difference in the world. It's tailor made for strawberries, however, any berry combination will probably do.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45
Ready in:
55
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
