URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63147375/chocolate-stout-cupcakes-with-vanilla-stout-buttercream/
Title:
Chocolate Stout Cupcakes with Vanilla Stout Buttercream Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
12 tablespoons (1-1/2 sticks) unsalted butter
1/2 cup cocoa powder
3/4 cup dark stout, such as Guinness, poured and settled before you measure
2 large eggs
1/2 cup full-fat sour cream
1-1/4 cups unbleached all-purpose flour
1-1/4 cups sugar
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, softened
3 cups confectioners’ sugar, sifted through a strainer
3 tablespoons dark stout, such as Guinness, poured and settled before you measure
1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract
Pinch salt
3/4 cup crushed chocolate-covered pretzels, (optional)

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350°F (176°C) and place a baking rack in the center of the oven. Line two 6-cup jumbo-size muffin pans with liners.
Melt butter in saucepan over medium-low heat. Remove from the heat and stir in cocoa powder until smooth. Stir in the stout. Set aside to cool to room temp.
Whisk together eggs and sour cream. Add cooled chocolate mixture, incorporating well. Add flour, sugar, baking soda, and salt, and whisk until smooth, scraping down bowl as needed.
Fill each prepared muffin cup with 1/3 cup batter, about 2/3 full. Bake, rotating the pans halfway through, until the tops are just firm to the touch and a tester inserted in the center of cupcakes comes out clean, about 23 minutes. Leave cupcakes in the pan on a rack to cool for 5 to 10 minutes. Transfer the cupcakes to the wire rack to cool completely before frosting, about 1 hour.
In a medium bowl, with an electric mixer on medium-high speed, beat the butter until light and fluffy, about 1 minute. Add the confectioners’ sugar, stout, vanilla, and salt to the bowl, and continue to beat until very smooth and creamy, 2 to 3 minutes, scraping down the bowl as needed.
Frost cupcakes, then sprinkle with chopped pretzels.

Submitter: 
Gregg Hollander
Description: 
There’s nothing like an ice-cold beer on a hot summer day or while you’re watching your favorite ball game. So we thought, why not make a cupcake with beer? We started with chocolate cake and then added our favorite stout to the mix. Next we frosted them with our pumped-up creamy vanilla frosting, again with lots of stout, and then topped them with crushed chocolate-covered pretzels.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
