URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63144214/grandma-ritas-butter-roll-recipe-hamburger-buns/
Title:
Grandma Rita's Butter Roll Recipe Hamburger Buns Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/804292.jpg
Ingredients:
3/4 cup of milk
1/4 cup of sugar
1/2 stick butter (4 Tbsp.)
1/2 cup warm water
2 pkgs. of active dry yeast (not rapid rise)
1 egg
3 1/2 cups of bread flour (Separate into 2 cups and 1 1/2 cups)
1 tsp. of salt

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Measure the milk into a pyrex cup and place in the microwave for 1 minute- (at high altitude, this took 1 minute 30 seconds in my microwave) Watch it, as soon as it starts to boil and climb the sides--stop and remove the milk.
Add the butter, sugar & salt to the scalded milk, mix and set aside to cool to lukewarm. I used a kitchen thermometer to make sure it was 110 degrees.
Add the 1/2 cup of warm water (110 degrees) & yeast to a bowl-( Grandma would of used a crockery bowl-not metal.) This took around 10 minutes.
Once milk is cooled to lukewarm, (110), add to yeast mixture and add 2 cups of flour.
Lightly beat the egg and add to flour mixture.
Mix well with a wooden spoon until smooth.
Add remaining flour 1/2 cup at a time-mixing after each addition. When making dough, add flour slowly so you don't add too much flour. You may not need all the flour. I had about 1/2 cup left over.
Dump the dough onto a kneading mat and lightly knead dough to pull the dough together. The dough will be smooth and a little tacky. Shape into a ball.
Place in an oiled bowl to rise 30 minutes. Cover the bowl with tinfoil.
For rising --use your microwave-Heat a cup of water to steam up the microwave-remove the cup and place the bowl of dough in there to rise.
Divide the dough into 12 pieces.
Roll into a ball. Flatten with your hand.
Take a rolling pin and gently roll out to shape the hamburger bun.
Let rise in a warm place another 30 minutes on a pan lined with parchment paper and cover with a cotton towel and let rise.
Bake at 350 F. for about 15 minutes or until browned. 375 F. for high altitude.
The hamburger buns they will take around 20-25 minutes to bake.
Brush with butter if you like a soft crust.
When cool, slice with a serrated knif

Submitter: 
Lela
Description: 
Light Rolls made with butter and love. This is my Grandma's recipe. This is quick to rise due to the two packages of yeast. The dough is easily shaped into large hamburger buns or regular buns.  A special thanks to Baking Nana for writing the directions that are clear and easy to follow. Without her help this special recipe would not be here on All Recipes. This recipe makes 18 large rolls, 24 medium size rolls or 12 Jumbo Hamburger Buns.Modified from: Grandma Rita's Soft Butter Rolls
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 1/2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
