URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63144621/custard-bun/
Title:
Custard Bun Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/804455.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoons custard powder
1/2 cup sugar
About 2 1/2 ounces (1/2 cup) cornstarch
1/2 cup coconut milk
2 tablespoons sweetened condensed milk
2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 3 or 4 pieces
2 large egg yolks
1/2 to 1 teaspoon vanilla extract

Directions:
For the Bun:
1. Sift 160g plain flour and 160g Hong Kong flour into a mixing bowl.
2. Combine 40g caster sugar, 1.5tsp instant yeast and 140ml water with the flours and blend. Then knead until a soft dough is formed.
3. Add 10g baking powder and knead until dough is smooth and elastice. Prove dough in a warm place for 60-90 minutes.
1. In a saucepan, whisk together the salt, custard powder, sugar, and cornstarch. Whisk in the coconut milk and condensed milk. Heat over medium heat, stirring constantly, until smooth. Add the butter and continue stirring until the butter has melted.
Keep stirring for about 6 minutes, until the mixture has thickened substantially. If it seems hard to stir with the whisk, switch to a spatula. As the mixture stiffens it may look like there are lumps. If you see that, stir more vigorously to break the lumps up and evenly cook. Aim for a smooth texture.
2. When the mixture is thick enough to stick to the whisk and form a soft peak, move the pan off the heat and whisk in the egg yolks. This will thin the mixture out slightly for the moment. Return the pan to the heat and keep whisking to ensure that the yolks are well incorporated.
Continue vigorously stirring for 1 to 2 minutes more, until the mixture thickens to the point where it cleans the sides of the pan and easily comes together as one smooth mass. If you have ever made dough for cream puffs, this is very similar. Stir in the vanilla, then take the pan off the heat. Stir it occasionally for a few minutes to quickly cool it.

Submitter: 
JFKR
Description: 
One of the key ingredients to the filling is custard powder, a popular British baking ingredient that is used in a number of Hong Kong-style sweets. (Hong Kong was a British colony for many years, which explains why the custard powder is popular.) Custard powder is mostly made of cornstarch with some salt, vanilla, and a touch of ground annatto for color. The go-to, popular brand is Bird’s Custard Powder, which you can find specialty foods stores and some Chinese markets.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
45
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
