URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63153482/hearty-rice-stuffed-artichokes/
Title:
Hearty Rice-Stuffed Artichokes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 c cooked brown rice
1/2 c breadcrumbs
1 egg
1/2 c cooking oil
1/4 c grape seed oil
1/2 c walnuts
parsley to taste
salt to taste
basil to taste
1/2 lb fresh green beans
water
1 shallot
3 T butter
6 cloves garlic
6 4" artichokes
lemon juice

Directions:
Cut the green beans diagonally into 1/8-1/4" pieces.
Place the green beans in a pot.  Pour water in until it covers all of the green beans.
Bring this to a boil.  Boil for about ten minutes, or until the green beans are tender and lighter green.
Clean the artichokes by snipping each leaf's tip, cutting off the greater part of the stem, and hollowing out the very center to carefully remove the fuzzy choke.  Every time you cut something, brush lemon juice on it to prevent oxidation.
Place a clove of garlic inside each artichoke's center.
Place the artichokes in a pot, standing up.  Pour water into the pot until it is about 1" high with the artichokes in there.
Bring this to a simmer, then lower the heat and place the lid on.  Keep steaming in this manner for about a half an hour or until the bottom leaves are ready to fall off.
Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.
Chop the shallot very finely.
Saute the shallot in 1T butter until thoroughly cooked and soft.
Chop the walnuts into a coarse powder.
Melt 2T butter.
Combine the rice, breadcrumbs, egg, 1/4 c cooking oil, grape seed oil, chopped walnuts, seasonings, green beans, and shallot.
When the artichokes are done, remove the garlic.
Finely chop or crush 2 of those garlic cloves.
Add this garlic into the rest of the rice mixture.  Dispose of the other 4 cloves.
Stir the rice mixture until everything is well blended.
Stuff the artichokes with the rice mixture.
Douse the bottom of a casserole pan with about 1/4 c cooking oil.
Place the artichokes in the pan, upright.
Bake for 10-15 minutes or until the stuffing is hot.

Submitter: 
stronglive1
Description: 
A healthier spin on a traditional dish.  Flavorful artichokes filled with a hearty and savory rice-based stuffing.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 hr, 30 min
Ready in:
2 hr, 30 min
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
