URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63152325/stuffed-chicken-w-bacon-jalapeno-cream-sauce/
Title:
Stuffed Chicken w/ Bacon & Jalapeno Cream Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/807630.jpg
Ingredients:
2 slices of bacon
2 boneless skinless chicken breast
1/3 cup Monterrey Jack Cheese, shredded
1 large jalapeno, seeded & sliced
1/2 teaspoon cumin
1/2 teaspoon thyme
Salt & Pepper
3/4 c heavy whipping cream
1/4 c white wine

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
In a medium skillet, begin frying bacon over medium high heat. About halfway thru, add the chopped jalapeno, reserving a few fresh slices for the sauce.  Pour out the bacon grease and reserve.  Continue cooking until the bacon is chewy and not crisp. Remove bacon and jalapeno and set the pan aside.
Chop the bacon.  Take the bacon, cheese, saute'd jalapeno, cumin and thyme and mix.  Add a few dashes of salt & pepper. Pound the chicken breast flat.  Divide the mixture onto the chicken breast and roll them over to stuff, securing with wooden toothpicks.
Return the skillet to the heat making sure there is 1 1/2 to 2 tablespoons of bacon grease.  When sizzling, add the chicken and brown on all sides...this should only take a few minutes total to get good coloring.  Transfer chicken to a baking pan and put in preheated oven.  Bake 12 minutes.
Meanwhile, add whipping cream and reserved fresh jalapeno slices to the same skillet.  When it begins to simmer, add white wine.  Let this reduce...about 8 minutes.  Then begin adding salt, pepper and additional bacon grease, if desired.
Remove chicken from the oven and let rest while the sauce finishes.  You can add milk if you over season and reduce again...also add more fresh jalapeno if you want more jalapeno flavor.
Enjoy!

Submitter: 
MARYFLOWERS
Description: 
I created this recipe for my husband who has a love for the jalapeno.  Its a spin on a jalapeno popper and taking it gourmet. This dish shows the flavor of the jalapeno without the fear of being too hot.  It is company worthy and the cream sauce is excellent.  You'll get a thumbs up, like I did when you make it.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
30
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
