URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63159785/banana-almond-streusel-bundt-cake/
Title:
Banana Almond Streusel Bundt Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup whole almonds (may use slivered and omit chopping process)
1/4 c. butter
3 Tbsp. sugar
1/4 c. brown sugar
1/4 c. flour
2 tsp. cinnamon
3 cups all-purpose flour
2 tsp. baking soda
1/2 tsp. salt
8 oz. unsalted butter, room temperature (one cup or two sticks)
2 cups sugar
2 tsp. vanilla extract
3 very ripe bananas (mashed)
1 cup plain yogurt or sour cream
1/2 c. powdered sugar
pinch salt
1/4 tsp. vanilla
2 tbsp. milk or cream

Directions:
In a heavy skillet, using no oil, toast whole almonds over medium heat slowly, stirring constantly until browned.  Watch carefully, remove immediately.  Allow to cool.  Chop into coarse pieces.
Using pastry blender, blend remaining streusel ingredients.  Gently stir in nuts.  Set aside.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.  Generously grease and flour bundt pan.
Mix flour, baking soda and salt together, set aside.
Beat butter on high until fluffy.  Add sugar and whip until fluffy.  Add vanilla and mix well.  Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. With mixer on low, add bananas and mix just until blended.  Alternate adding flour mixture and yogurt (or sour cream).
Place 1/4 of batter into bundt pan.  Layer with half of streusel mixture.  Add another 1/4 of the batter, and top with remaining streusel.  Add remaining batter to bundt pan.  Pan will be very full, but should not overflow.  (Do not bake with pan underneath bundt as this will not allow air to flow through the center of the pan.)
Bake for 65-75 minutes, or until wooden skewer or long spaghetti noodle inserted into center comes out very clean.
Remove from oven and allow to cool on rack for 10 minutes.  Invert pan onto rack to remove cake.
While cake begins to cool, mix together icing ingredients of powdered sugar, salt, vanilla and milk/cream until well blended.
While still warm, gently poke top and sides of cake with fork.  Drizzle icing over cake.
Serve warm, or allow to cool completely before serving.

Submitter: 
Ginny Maziarka
Description: 
This super-moist bundt cake is aromatic and irresistible.  A delectable streusel hides inside for a sweet surprise in every bite!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
