URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63155746/penne-alfredo-with-asian-flavored-shrimps/
Title:
Penne Alfredo with Asian Flavored Shrimps Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/808900.jpg
Ingredients:
For the shrimps
1 tbsp less sodium soy sauce
1 tbsp rice vinegar
1 tbsp honey
1 tbsp sesame oil
1 tbsp Marsala wine (you can use any sweet wine you have)
¼ tsp garlic powder
¼ tsp onion powder
¼ tsp green and red pepper (you can increase the heat by adding more pepper)
½ tsp ground ginger
½ tsp shezhuan mix
¼ salt (if you use regular soy sauce omit the salt)
About 20 medium sized shrimps
For the Penne Alfredo
300 gr. Penne
200 ml heavy cream
½ cup regato
½ cup parmigiano reggiano
1 cup pasta water
¼ tsp nutmeg
100 gr. Margarine (you can use butter, I always use margarine to save some calories)

Directions:
In a non-reactive bowl place all the ingredients of the marinade and mix well to be incorporated.
Add the shrimps and let them marinate for at least half an hour maximum one hour.
In a pan pour the marinade and place it in medium high heat.
Let it boil for a minute or two and then add the shrimps.
Cook for about two minutes, they do not need more, and remove from stove. By then the sauce would have thicken, looking like a caramel covering the shrimps.
While you make the shrimps, you can also boil the pasta according to your liking and reserve one cup of their water.
Five minutes before the pasta is done, prepare the sauce Alfredo.
In a pan put the margarine or butter in medium high heat.
Add the heavy cream and the nutmeg and let it boil for a minute.
Throw the pasta and half the quantity of the cheese and toss. If the sauce thickens add a little bit from the pasta water.
Throw the rest of the cheese and again if you find it thick just add some pasta water and toss again.
You can add salt as well, if you like it salty. I didn’t, because I thought it was salty enough for my taste.
In a plate put the pasta and on top of it the shrimps. Simple and full of flavors!

Submitter: 
Culinary Flavors
Description: 
I wanted to see what would happen if I made a dish with Italian flavor and infused it with some Asian flavored seafood.The experiment was a big success! The salty and savory pasta matched perfectly with the sweet, Asian flavors of the shrimps. I will definitely be making this again because apart from being a very tasty dish it is also very quick.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
