URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63151053/beef-and-irish-stout-stew-ii/
Title:
Beef and Irish Stout Stew II Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 pounds lean beef stew meat, cut into 1-inch cubes
1/3 cup all-purpose flour
1 pinch salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 pinch cayenne pepper
1 tsp paprika
4 slices bacon, cut into small pieces
1 tbsp butter
1 tbsp vegetable or canola oil
2 large onions, chopped
2 cloves garlic, crushed or equiv. minced garlic
1 tbsp Worcestershire sauce
2 cups beef stock (organic preferred)
1 can Irish stout beer (such as Guinness®)
1 celery stalk, diced
3 red potatoes, diced
2 tablespoons tomato paste
1/4 cup brown sugar
2 cups chopped carrot
1 sprig fresh thyme
2 bay leaves
1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley for garnish

Directions:
Warm crock pot (if you intend to use one) (crock pot version takes 4 hrs); otherwise place a dutch oven or large pan on the lowest setting until warm, then turn off until you begin to use it for the stewing process. In a separate large frying pan follow the rest of the instructions for either version.
Toss the beef cubes with flour in a plastic zip-lock type bag. In a bowl, stir together the flour, salt, pepper, paprika and cayenne pepper. Set aside and add with other ingredients later.
Put 1 tsp butter, 1 tsp oil into the pan and add bacon, fry until done, remove to several sheets of paper towel to drain. To the remaining oil / bacon grease add the beef first and allow to cook until moderately brown, add onion and garlic and saute until onions are clear and meat is cooked on all sides. Meat will complete cooking during stewing process.
Pour meat, bacon and onions into the crock pot or dutch oven.
Deglaze hot pan with 1 can or bottle of Guiness Stout, 1 cup of beef broth and 1 tablespoon Worcestershire stirring with wooden spoon. Leave about 1/2 cup of the liquid and add the tomato paste stirring until the liquid thins it. Do not add more liquid at this point. Food bits should fall into the mixture from the pan and it should be nearly clean when deglazing finishes.
Add mixture (bits and all) to crock pot. Add chopped celery, carrots, red potatoes, brown sugar, thyme and bay leaf.
Set a crock pot on low and cook for 8 - 10 hours.
For the stove based version (dutch oven), reduce the heat to medium, cover, and cook for 5 minutes. Cover, reduce heat to low, and simmer for 2 to 3 hours, stirring occasionally.
Add up to 1 cup more beer as needed if the mixture becomes too thick. Taste and adjust seasoning before serving.
Garnish with chopped parsley

Submitter: 
dfwenigma
Description: 
This stew is great for St. Patrick's Day.  The mixture of the beef and Guinness is awesome!  I usually add more beer than the recipe calls for. Serve with mashed potatoes.Modified from: Beef and Irish Stout Stew
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
