URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63169400/super-moist-tropical-carrot-cake/
Title:
Super Moist Tropical Carrot Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/857230.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup Granulated Sugar
1/2 cup Dark Brown Sugar
2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour (sifted)
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon cinnamon (or more to taste)
1/4 teaspoon of nutmeg
1/4 teaspoon of ground ginger
1/4 teaspoon of ground cloves
3 cups finely shredded carrots
1/2 cup of shredded coconut
1 8oz can of crushed pineapple (with juice)
1/2 cup chopped walnuts or pecans
1/2 cup raisins
1 1/2 cups vegetable oil
4 large eggs
2 teaspoons vanilla

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325 degrees.
In a large mixing bowl, combine sugars.
Sift in flour, baking powder, soda, salt and spices into the bowl with the sugars. Work in sugars until well combined.
In another bowl combine carrots, pineapple, coconut, raisins and chopped nuts.
In a third bowl combine oil, eggs and vanilla. Beat for 2 minutes until frothy and well combined. Beat in a little at a time into the flour/sugar mixture.
When well combined fold in the carrot mixture by hand also until well combined. Pour into three greased and floured 9 inch baking pans.
Bake in a a 325 degree oven for 20 - 25 minutes or until a wooden toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean.
Cool on rack. Frost with cream cheese frosting when cool (if desired). Refrigerate until ready to serve.

Submitter: 
MKCortes (Latin Goddess)
Description: 
This cake has a very special place in my heart. My mom became known in our church for her carrot cake due to its unique blend of the usual suspects - carrots, raisins and nuts with what she called tropical ingredients of pineapple and coconut. This heavenly combination results in a  cake that is super moist, delicious and absolutely addicting when frosted with cream cheese icing. When short on time she would serve it with a simple sprinking of powdered sugar. It was so good that we didn't even miss the frosting!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
