URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63165325/vegan-burger/
Title:
Vegan Burger Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 pounds button mushrooms, trimmed
1/4 cup canola or vegetable oil
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
6 thyme sprigs
1 whole small eggplant (about 1/2 pound)
2 large leeks, chopped fine (about 1 1/2 cups)
1 large celery rib, chopped fine (about 1/2 cup)
1 medium clove garlic, grated on a microplane grater (about 1 teaspoon)
3/4 cup dry pearl barley
1 (14-ounce) can garbanzo beans, drained and patted dry on paper towels
1 cup toasted cashews, pinenuts, or a mix
1 teaspoon marmite, vegemite, or Maggi seasoning
1 teaspoon soy sauce
1 1/2-cups panko-style bread crumbs

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350F.
Toss mushrooms with 1 T oil and salt and pepper to taste. Coat eggplant with 1 T oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Wrap eggplant in foil. Transfer mushrooms and eggplant to foil-lined baking sheet. Scatter thyme over mushrooms. Bake 45 min or until tender, turning occasionally. Remove, unwrap, and cool.
Saute leeks and celery in 2 T oil until soft, about 4 min. Add garlic and cook another 30 seconds.
In medium saucepan, cover barley by 2 inches with water. Cook over high heat, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 20 min. Drain and transfer to paper towels and pat dry.
Pulse garbanzo beans in food processor until lentil sized. Add to barley in large bowl. Chop nuts in food processor and add to barley mix.
Coarsely chop mushrooms in food processor. Add to barley mix.
Chop leeks and celery in food processor with Marmite and soy sauce. Add to barley mix.
Remove stem from eggplant. Puree eggplant in food processor. Add 1/2 c to barley mix. (Add lemon juice, olive oil, and salt to remaining eggplant to make a great dip!) Stir until well mixed. Season with salt and pepper.
Refrigerate vegetable mixture up to 5 days.
Add breadcrumbs to mixture and work in with hands. Make 8 1/2-inch thick patties. Cook within 30 min of adding crumbs to avoid mushy patties.
Saute in skillet in 3 T oil about 3 min each side OR grill on oil-wiped, preheated grill about 4 min each side.

Submitter: 
meghanmacrae
Description: 
Homemade Vegan Burgers That Don't Suck: Here's a veggie burger that actually tastes of grains and vegetables, can stand up to typical burger toppings and condiments, and would satisfy a meat eater.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
