URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63166746/raspberry-ice-cream/
Title:
Raspberry Ice Cream Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups fresh or frozen raspberries
2 cups whipping cream
1 cup half-and-half cream
1 cup sugar
2 teaspoons vanilla extract

Directions:
Place the raspberries in a blender; cover and process on medium-high speed until chopped.  Combine all ingredients in the cylinder of an ice cream freezer.  Stir in sugar is dissolved.  Freeze according to manufacturer's directions.
Reviewed on Jun. 10, 2008 by naples34102
Having made raspberry ice cream many times, I know that the seeds are a real bummer, so I already knew I'd be making some changes to this recipe just as a matter of personal preference. I macerated 3 c. berries with 3/4 c. sugar and a tablespoon or so of water, stirring them every so often until the berries released their juices. I then pureed them in my food processor and sieved them through a fine mesh strainer, leaving the seeds behind. Wanting a richer, silkier, custard-style ice cream, I beat 2 eggs for a minute or two until thick and lemon colored, slowly added another 3/4 cup of sugar, then whisked in the cream, half and half and vanilla. I got the extra richness I was after without all the trouble of a cooked custard. I mixed this with the sieved raspberry puree and chilled the mixture for several hours before churning. The result was a creamy, rich, perfectly pink ice cream with good raspberry flavor without the annoying seeds. However, I think 2 tsp. of vanilla somewhat masked the raspberry flavor, so when I make this again I'd reduce it to 1 tsp. or not even use it at all.

Submitter: 
Ellen Bentley
Description: 
'When our garden produces an abundance of raspberries, we know it's time to make this fruity frozen dessert,' reports Diana Leskauskas of Knoxville, Tennessee. 'It's super in the summertime...and a treat throughout the year made with frozen raspberries.'Modified from: Raspberry Ice Cream
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
