URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63163915/sausage-stuffed-cabbage/
Title:
Sausage Stuffed Cabbage Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/811453.jpg
Ingredients:
1 head of cabbage
1 lb ground sausage (jimmy dean type)
2 cups cooked white rice
½ medium onion finely diced
1/3 cup tomato sauce
½ cup shredded cheddar cheese (and some for sprinkling on the top)
1 egg
1 tbsp parsley
1 tsp minced garlic
Pinch cayenne pepper
Salt/pepper
Red sauce (ingredients below)
½ lb ground sausage (jimmy dean type)
1 medium onion, thinly julienned
1 green pepper thinly julienned
1 ½ cup chicken broth
1 can tomato sauce
1 tsp minced garlic
¼ tsp crushed red pepper flakes (optional)
Olive oil
Salt/pepper

Directions:
Bring a large pot, with enough water to cover the head of cabbage, to a boil.  Remove the core of the cabbage head.  Boil the cabbage making sure it is immersed for about 13 minutes.  Drain.  Peel off 12 leaves being careful not to rip.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Combine remaining ingredients.  Portion the mixture into 12 approximately even portions.  Place portion in center of leaf and making a nice fully wrapped bundle.
In a 9x13 baking dish ladle the chunky red sauce (recipe below) to coat the bottom.  Load the 12 cabbage bundles into the sauce.  Pour the remaining sauce over the top of the bundles.  Sprinkle with ¼- ½ of cheddar cheese if desired.  Bake 35-40 minutes until inside is cooked.
Red Sauce instructions:
In a separate pot put just enough olive oil to coat the bottom of the pot and get it nice and hot.  Add the onions and peppers and a pinch of salt and pepper.  Add the sausage and cook till almost cooked but still just a little pink.  Add the garlic, pepper flakes, chicken broth and tomato sauce and simmer for 10-15 minutes until the liquid reduces by about a third and the sauce tastes great.  Add additional salt/pepper/red pepper flakes to taste if desired.

Submitter: 
laujm2
Description: 
Stuffed cabbage pillows topped with a sausage and pepper red sauce.  They are tender and flavorful.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
