URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63162941/fillet-mignon-perfection/
Title:
Fillet Mignon Perfection Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Amount of ingredients listed are for (1) one steak. Increase according to number of steaks you are preparing
Fillet Mignon steak, at least 1 inch thick & no more then 1 3/4 inches thick, good quality, AT ROOM TEMPERATURE
1/2 tsp sugar
1/4 to 1/2 clove garlic, minced (optional, but I like my steak with a bit of garlic flavor)
1 1/2 - 2 tsp olive oil
meat tenderizer such as Adolfs (optional)

Directions:
It is key that your steak is at room temperature before you begin cooking it!
Place a cooking rack in a shallow baking pan, such as a jelly roll pan.
Mix minced garlic with half the olive oil; set aside.
Rub remaining half of olive oil over both sides of the steak. If using, sprinkle both sides of steak lightly with meat tenderizer.
Move oven rack to middle position in oven. Preheat oven to 325.
Preheat a cast iron or heavy skillet for 5 minutes over medium high heat.
Sprinkle 1/4 tsp sugar over top of steak only. Place the seasoned & sugar side down in preheated skillet allowing the steak to sear for 2 minutes (DO NOT flip or move steak around or it will break the nice sear you are developing. This is what holds the moisture in the meat.) After 2 minutes sprinkle top of steak with 1/4 tsp sugar and using tongs flip steak over to sear for 2 minutes on this side. Immediately remove from skillet and place on cooking rack in baking pan. Spoon  garlic oil over top of steak. Place in preheated oven and roast 25 - 30 minutes, but no longer! Turn off the oven, leave steak in oven and crack open the oven door. Let steak rest in oven with door cracked for at least 5 minutes (no less). This will produce a medium to medium rare throughout the entire steak. A thicker steak will be more medium rare. If you prefer a more rare steak cut the roasting time to 20 - 22 minutes.

Submitter: 
FunwithFood
Description: 
Steaks do come out perfect with this cooking method. They are tender juicy and full flavored. I came across this years ago when searching for the beat way to prepare our New Years Eve steaks. This is supposedly a restaurant chef secret. But, quality of steak is also key. Can't expect a poor quality steak to be tender and juicy even when using this method.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
