URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63177166/hg-four-cheese-stuffed-silly-mushrooms/
Title:
HG Four-Cheese Stuffed-Silly Mushrooms Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
12 medium-large baby bella mushrooms (each about 2 inches wide)
1/2 cup finely chopped onion
2 tbsp. chopped garlic
1 1/2 cups roughly chopped spinach leaves
1/2 cup fat-free ricotta cheese
1/4 cup fat-free cream cheese, room temperature
1/4 tsp. nutmeg
1/4 tsp. salt
2 tbsp. shredded part-skim mozzarella cheese
2 tsp. reduced-fat Parmesan-style grated topping
1 tsp. garlic powder

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Spray a large baking sheet with nonstick spray and set aside.
Gently remove the stems from the mushrooms and set stems aside. Place the mushroom caps on the sheet, rounded sides down.
Bake in the oven for 12 - 14 minutes. (Afterward, do not turn the oven off.)
Meanwhile, chop mushroom stems. Bring a large skillet sprayed with nonstick spray to medium heat on the stove. Add mushroom stems, onion, and chopped garlic. Cook and stir until softened, about 2 minutes. Add spinach and continue to cook and stir until wilted. Set aside. If needed, pat dry.
Once mushroom caps are cool enough to handle, pat dry until free of excess moisture; set aside (still on the baking sheet). In a medium bowl, combine ricotta cheese, cream cheese, nutmeg, salt, and mozzarella cheese. Mix well. Add cooked veggie mixture, and stir until blended.
Evenly distribute the cheese-veggie mixture among the mushroom caps. They will be super-stuffed and the mixture will be piled on top!
In a small bowl, mix Parm-style topping with garlic powder. Sprinkle the stuffed mushrooms with this mixture.
Return sheet to the oven and bake until topping begins to brown, 8 - 10 minutes. Let cool slightly and enjoy!!!

Submitter: 
Shannon Campbell
Description: 
They're super-tasty
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
50
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
