URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63177171/hg-supremely-stuffed-pizza-fied-eggplant/
Title:
HG Supremely Stuffed Pizza-fied Eggplant Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup Fiber One bran cereal (original)
1 large eggplant
1 cup chopped onion
1 cup chopped red and green bell peppers
1 cup frozen ground-beef-style soy crumbles (like the kind by Boca or Morningstar Farms), slightly thawed
1/2 cup canned diced tomatoes, drained
1/4 cup fat-free liquid egg substitute (like Egg Beaters Original)
2 tbsp. tomato paste
2 tbsp. reduced-fat Parmesan-style grated topping
2 tsp. chopped garlic
1/2 tsp. Italian seasoning
1/4 tsp. salt
1/2 cup canned crushed tomatoes
2 sticks light string cheese, pulled into strings

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Using a blender or food processor, grind cereal to a breadcrumb-like consistency. Set aside.
Slice about 1 inch off the top (stem side) of the eggplant. Halve the eggplant lengthwise. Carefully cut along the inside of each half, about 1/2 inch from the skin. Scoop out the insides with a spoon, and chop them into small pieces. Place the hollow eggplant shells, cut-side up, on a baking sheet sprayed with nonstick spray; set aside.
Bring a large skillet sprayed with nonstick spray to medium-high heat on the stove. Add chopped eggplant, onion, and peppers. Stirring often, cook for 7 - 8 minutes, until soft. Transfer to a bowl and let cool slightly.
Add half of the cereal crumbs (about 2 tbsp.) to the bowl; place the remaining half in an airtight container or sealable plastic bag, and reserve for another time. Add all other ingredients except crushed tomatoes and string cheese to the bowl. Mix thoroughly. Equally divide between the eggplant shells, lightly packing down until even.
Bake in the oven for 35 minutes. Then remove but keep the oven on.
Spoon 1/4 cup crushed tomatoes evenly over the top of each stuffed eggplant shell, and lay string cheese pieces over the crushed tomatoes. Return to the oven for another 10 minutes, or until cheese has melted.
Let cool slightly and then cut each piece in half. Now enjoy!

Submitter: 
Shannon Campbell
Description: 
No, this isn't REALLY a pizza, but it is full of pizza-ish goodies. You will FLIP over how delicious (and tremendous!) it is. YAY!!!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
50
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
