URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63170028/naunies-pastera-leftover-pasta-bake-easter-pasta-bake-italian-baked-macaroni/
Title:
Naunie's Pastera ~ Leftover Pasta Bake ~ Easter Pasta Bake ~ Italian Baked Macaroni Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/815925.jpg
Ingredients:
Olive oil (not EVOO).
1 lb. Mixed Pasta (ziti, mafalda, linguini, spaghetti, Wagon Wheels, Bow Ties, Radiators, etc. type pasta).
1 doz. Jumbo Eggs, plus extra eggs as needed.
1 large handful grated Pecorino Romano cheese, plus more as needed (do not use Parmesan cheese as it not sharp enough in flavor).
Salt to taste.
Fresh ground black pepper about 1/4 to 1/2 tsp., plus more as needed  (need enough but not over powering).
1 lb Sweet Italian Sausage cut into 1/2 inch pieces and cooked until very crispy according to instructions below.

Directions:
Prepare 2 glass baking dishes (Prefer rounded "PYREX" clear glass  2 qt and 1 1/2 qt size bowls) by greasing with olive oil.
Add and 2 Tablespoons of olive oil to bottom of each baking dish. This oil is needed to give a browned outercrust to the pasta.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Cook pasta in salted water, drain and set aside to cool.
Place sausage pieces on a foil lined tray and bake in a pre-heated (350F) oven until browned, very crispy and cooked through, about 1/2 to 3/4 hour more or less.
Remove sausage from oven, drain fat and set aside.
Lower oven temperature to 325F.
Beat all the jumbo eggs with electric hand mixer until foamy.
Add grated cheese salt and pepper to beaten eggs.
Beat with electric mixer (high setting, as high as beater can go without splashing)until blended.
Add pasta to egg mixture. If mixture isn't soupy then add more beaten eggs seasoned with salt, pepper and cheese. Mixture should look like pasta is floating in the egg mixture.
Beginning with egg/pasta mixture, ladle egg/pasta mixture into the prepared glass bowls, adding cooked sausage pieces to the bowls alternately ending with egg/pasta mixture.
Be sure to have enough egg mix in each bowl. Egg mixture must cover pasta almost completely. be sure to have some pasta pieces sticking out of the mixture.
Drizzle top of pasta with olive oil.
Place filled baking dishes into the oven and bake 1 hour at 325F then raise heat to 350F and bake and additional 1 to 1 1/2 hrs.   At this time, the top pasta should be dark brown and very crispy.

Submitter: 
AllieGeekPi
Description: 
Ever wonder what to do with the small amounts of leftover dry pasta that are in your cupboard?  Once a year, at Easter, use them in this Italian baked pasta dish?
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
5 h
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
