URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63171612/essanayes-manicotti/
Title:
Essanaye's Manicotti Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
olive oil
1/2 cup chopped onion
12 cloves garlic, minced
1 lb sweet Italian Sausage
salt to taste
1 10 oz package frozen chopped spinach, cooked & drained well
1 package manicotti shells
15 oz ricotta cheese
2 eggs, beaten
1 jar of your favorite spaghetti sauce
2 tbs butter
1 tsp all purpose flour
2 tbs chicken bullion granules
2 cups half and half
1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley
2 tbs chopped fresh basil
1 cup fresh grated parmesan cheese
1/2 cup fresh grated mozzarella cheese

Directions:
saute onion until translucent, add garlic and cook for a few minutes, add sausage, and 1 tsp fresh basil and cook until meat is done.  Season with salt and remove from heat to cool
Bring large pot of water to boil and cook shells for exactly 3 minutes.  Immediately rinse with cold water to stop the cooking process.  Drain and lay shells out on parchment or wax paper and cover to prevent cracking.
To cooled sausage mixture, add cooked/drained spinach and ricotta cheese, and 1/2 cup mozzarella cheese and mix well.  Add beaten eggs and mix.
Pour about 1/3 of the spaghetti sauce into a 9x13 inch baking dish.  Distribute evenly.  Make a piping bag by cutting a 3/4 inch opening in one of the corners of a large ziplock bag, and load mixture.  Use thumb to block off one end of shell and pipe the mixture into shell, packing as well as possible without splitting the shell.  Place the loaded shells into the baking dish.
If you are cooking the dish immediately, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 C).  (The dish can be prepared and kept in the refrigerator until ready to bake).  Prepare the white sauce by melting the butter in a saucepan.  Add flour and chicken bouillon and stir until creamy.  Pour in half and half, 1/2 cup parmesan and mozzarella cheese and bring to a boil, stirring constantly.  Boil for one minute and remove from heat.  Stir in parsley, then ladle over stuffed shells in a uniform layer.  Sprinkle with chopped basil and then carefully cover white sauce with the remaining spaghetti sauce, being careful not to mix the two layers.  Cover tightly with foil and store or bake.
Cook for 40 minutes, then remove foil and sprinkle with more parmesan cheese,  continue baking uncovered for 10 more minutes.  Allow to stand for 10 minutes before serving

Submitter: 
Essanaye
Description: 
Takes a while to prepare, but it's worth the effort.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
