URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63172065/cheeseburger-empanadas/
Title:
Cheeseburger Empanadas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/814468.jpg
Ingredients:
1 package, lean ground turkey or beef (you'll only use HALF!)
1 box, pie crust (refrigerated, comes with two rounds of dough)
2 cups shredded Colby Jack cheese (pepper jack would be good too!)
1/2 cup cream cheese
1/2 white or red onion, diced
2 cloves garlic, chopped
3 Kosher dill pickles, chopped
ketchup
yellow deli mustard
worcestershire sauce
mayo
1 egg yolk (for browning pie crusts)
Seasonings:
salt & pepper
cayenne pepper
garlic salt
ground cumin
paprika
*steak seasoning as desired
Simple Burger Dipping Sauce:
4 T ketchup
3 tsp yellow mustard
1 tsp Worcestershire sauce
1 T mayo
*1 tsp red pepper jelly if you want a little kick!

Directions:
Let pie crusts & cream cheese come closer to room temp before handling.
Flour a flat work surface for working dough. Roll out pre-rounded dough into a slightly thinner, larger circle with rolling pin.
With large cookie round or mouth of wide glass, make smaller circles out of dough. (I did 3", but recommend doing larger 6" circles for meal size portions, so they can hold more cheese & filling!).
Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
In a skillet, cook 1/2 package of ground meat, onion, garlic, 1 tsp cumin, 1/4 tsp cayenne pepper, 1/2 tsp garlic powder and S&P to taste. (you can cook entire package, but you will need another box of pie crusts and double ratios above)
Also add about 3 T worcestershire sauce into the mix & cook completely.
Drain any fluid & put mix into bowl.
To still warm meat mix add the cream cheese, combining well. (it should melt around meat).
To this add 1/4 cup ketchup, 3 T mustard, shredded cheese mix, 2 T worcestershire, mixing well
To a mini dough round, wet entire edge with water (this will help seal into half-moon shape pies)
place a scoop of filling into center of round, carefully folding in half. pinch edges of half moon shaped dough, and crimp with fork (see pictures above as a guide!)
Repeat for each dough round.
Place empanadas on large baking sheet lined with parchment and sprayed with little oil.
In a small bowl combine egg yolk with 1 tsp water and mix.
Baste egg wash over top of each empanada and sprinkle with paprika
Bake on 400 for about 20 mins.
Cool slightly & serve with dipping sauce!

Submitter: 
Sanderson32
Description: 
Cheeseburger Empanadas, or April Fools Cheeseburgers! These mini, golden pies are stuffed with all the BBQ goodness of a burger, and perfect for an appetizer or make it a meal with some sides!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
