URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63173836/thin-mint-cupcakes/
Title:
Thin Mint Cupcakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/815167.jpg
Ingredients:
Thin Mint Filling:
26 Thin Mint cookies, finely crushed (I used a food processor)
4 1/2 ounces cream cheese, softened
Chocolate Cupcakes:
24 Thin Mint Cookies
1 (18.25 ounce) package devil’s food cake mix
1 (5.9 ounce) package instant chocolate pudding mix
1 cup sour cream
1 cup vegetable oil
4 eggs, lightly beaten
2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract
1 cup coconut milk
Chocolate-Mint Ganache:
2 1/2 ounces Andes Creme de Menthe baking chips
1 tablespoon heavy cream
Mint Buttercream Frosting
1-1/2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature
3 cups powdered sugar
3 tablespoons heavy cream
1/4 teaspoon peppermint oil
Green food coloring (optional)

Directions:
Thin Mint Filling
Blend crushed Thin Mints and cream cheese until fully mixed. Shape into 1" balls, place on a baking sheet, and refrigerate while making the batter.
Chocolate Cupcakes
Preheat oven to 350 F. Line 24 cupcake wells with paper liners. Place a Thin Mint cookie in the bottom of each liner.
Combine cake mix, pudding, sour cream, vegetable oil, eggs, vanilla, and dissolved coffee in a large bowl.
Fill cupcake liners 1/3 full with batter. Place Thin Mint truffle in the center of each and top with more batter until 2/3 full. Bake in preheated oven for 19-26 minutes or until tops of cupcakes spring back when lightly touched.
Cool in pan on rack for ten minutes, then remove from pan and transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.
While cupcakes are still warm, melt Andes baking chips and heavy cream in a saucepan over low heat until smooth. Spread a thin layer of chocolate on top of each cupcake or use to drizzle over frosted cupcake.
Mint Buttercream
1) In a large mixing bowl, cream butter for 45-60 seconds.
2) Add powdered sugar and beat until the mixture comes together.
3) Scrape down the sides of the bowl and add heavy cream, peppermint oil, and food coloring (if desired). Beat until combined and then beat an additional 45 seconds. If necessary, add more powdered sugar for desired consistency.

Submitter: 
DdAyWeN
Description: 
There's something about the Girl Scouts that just keep on giving...Thin Mint Cupcakes are to die for.  Everyone loved these at home and my husband asked if I would make them for him to take to work...which were a huge hit and people were asking if I had a business card!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
