URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63179882/pork-chops-with-roasted-chilean-grape-pecan-sauce/
Title:
Pork Chops with Roasted Chilean Grape-Pecan Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/817623.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups grapes
1/2 cup chopped pecans
4 3/4-inch-thick boneless pork chops (about 2 1/4 lb.)
1/2 tsp. salt
1/2 tsp. freshly ground pepper
3 Tbsp. olive oil, plus 1 tablespoon
1/4 cup finely chopped shallots
1 garlic clove, minced
1/2 cup white wine
1/2 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth
1 Tbsp. chopped fresh thyme
1 tsp. Dijon mustard
1 Tbsp. butter

Directions:
Preheat to 425°F. Place grapes on a rimmed baking sheet. Bake at 425° for 18 minutes, shaking the pan occasionally to turn the grapes.  Add pecans to pan; bake 7 minutes longer or until grapes are shriveled. Remove from oven, and gently combine the grapes and pecans (mixture will be sticky). Set aside.
Meanwhile, season pork chops with salt and pepper.  Heat 3 tablespoons of the olive oil in a large skillet; cook pork chops over medium-high heat 4 to 5 minutes or until browned; turn and cook 4 minutes longer (a meat thermometer inserted into thickest portion should register 150°). Transfer pork chops to a platter and keep warm.
Pour off the fat in the skillet and add the remaining 1 tablespoon of olive oil to pan. Add the shallot and garlic; cook over medium-high heat 1 minute or until shallot is tender. Add wine and bring to a boil; cook 2 to 4 minutes, scraping up the browned bits from the bottom of the skillet, until liquid reduces by half. Add the chicken broth, thyme, and mustard; reduce heat to medium and simmer 2 to 4 minutes or until sauce thickens slightly.  Remove pan from heat; stir in butter, grapes, and pecans.  Serve grape sauce over pork chops.

Submitter: 
Karen
Description: 
Roasting the grapes intensifies their sweetness. The roasted grape-pecan mixture is also terrific over baked ham slices.

Incorporating fresh fruit into savory recipes is a great way to get more healthy fruit in our diet. For more ideas and creative ways to cook with fresh fruit, visit www.chileanfruitonline.com
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
