URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63172196/chickpea-coconut-curry/
Title:
Chickpea Coconut Curry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/814509.jpg
Ingredients:
3 tbsp olive oil
3 cloves garlic, finely chopped
2-3 tsp of fresh grated ginger
2 1/2 tsp medium curry powder
1/2-1 tsp turmeric powder
3 tbsp chopped fresh cilantro
1/2 tsp paprika
3 small tomatoes (I used canned tomatoes)
3/4 cup vegetable stock (I used the juice from my canned tomatoes)
1 large white onion, peeled and finely chopped
8 oz white mushrooms, sliced (I used one small can of canned mushrooms)
1 large can of chickpeas (450ml), drained
4-6 oz creamed coconut (depending on how much you want to tame the heat of the curry)
3 tbsp chopped fresh cilantro plus extra unchopped for garnish

Directions:
In a large frying pan over medium heat, combine your olive oil, garlic, ginger, curry powder, turmeric, cilantro (just the first 3 tsp), and paprika. Lightly fry and be careful not to burn. Add your vegetable stock and tomatoes and continue to fry for another 2-3 minutes. Take your frying pan ingredients and transfer into a food processor and blend into a liquid until completely smooth.
In the meantime, fry up your onion for 3 minutes, then add your mushrooms and fry for another 3 minutes, then add back your now pureed frying pan ingredients and sauté for another 4 minutes. Add your chickpeas, and over a low-medium heat simmer for another 15-20 minutes. If you find you need more sauce, add a bit more vegetable stock (or in my case, tomato stock).
Turn off your heat, and add your creamed coconut. Feel free to add more or less, just add about 2 oz at a time, taste and add more until you get the taste you desire. Top with the last 3 tbsp of fresh cilantro, dish up & eat! This dish would be great served with naan bread as well.

Submitter: 
Sanderson32
Description: 
The perfect balance between spicy and savoury, this dish is packed with goodness, thanks to the chickpeas, fresh herbs and coconut milk. Considering you can make it basically out of canned food (which is great if you are in a time crunch), it’s surprisingly easy too.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
