URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63170580/mushroom-gorgonzola-ravioli/
Title:
Mushroom Gorgonzola Ravioli Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/830284.jpg
Ingredients:
...
Homemade ravioli pasta recipe (see my recipe for the complete directions)
...
Ravioli Filling
3 tbl Extra Virgin Olive Oil
1.25lb White or Brown Mushrooms, chopped
6oz Gorgonzola (preferably creamy or Dolce)
3oz Cream Cheese
1 Head Roasted Garlic
1.5 tsp Salt
3 tsp Fresh Cracked Pepper
2 tbl Fresh Grated Parmagiana Reggiano
...
Sauce
1 Garlic Clove, thinly sliced
1 Small Brown Shallot, finely chopped
1 tbl Extra Virgin Olive Oil
15oz Can Chopped or Crushed Tomatoes
6oz  Can Tomato Paste
1/4 cup Chicken Stock
1/2 cup Water
2 tbl Fresh Basil Leaves (torn or chopped)
1 tbl Dried Oregano
1.5 tsp  Salt
Fresh Ground Pepper To Taste

Directions:
For the ravioli filling, over medium heat, add oil to a large saute pan and then put mushrooms in the pan.  Sprinkle salt over the mushrooms and allow to saute, occasionally stirring, until the liquid has largely evaporated from the pan and the mushrooms have browned slightly.  Remove from heat.
In a medium mixing bowl, place the remaining filling ingredients and, using the back of a spoon, mix everything together.  Finally, add the mushrooms and mix thoroughly.
Place the filling mixture into the refrigerator for about 10 minutes, or until cool.
Put a tablespoon or so of the filling onto the center of each ravioli circle, and fold the circle in half, pinching and sealing the edge of the now semi-circle.  Using the back of a fork, use the tines to help seal and decorate the edge of each ravioli.   Allow ravioli to dry on a floured surface for 2-3 hours.
For the sauce, over medium heat, add oil to a sauce pan and then add garlic and shallot, frying until softened but not browned.  Add tomatoes and tomato paste, chicken stock and water, and bring to a boil stirring occasionally.  Allow to simmer 10 minutes and add basil and oregano, salt & pepper.
To construct the dish, bring 10 cups of water to a boil in a large pot, and add two tablespoons of salt if desired.  Reduce heat so that the water stabilizes at a gentle roll.  Add ravioli and allow to cook til al dente, approximately 5 minutes, or until ravioli floats to the surface.  Remove from water.
Place 3-4 ravioli on each warmed plate and spoon 1/2 cup of hot tomato sauce on top.  Garnish with parmagiana reggiano and 1-2 basil leaves.

Submitter: 
joechip
Description: 
Bold flavors and a rich combination of ingredients makes this a pasta dish that is out of the ordinary.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
