URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63177174/hg-2-cheese-sausage-n-portabella-skillet/
Title:
HG  2-Cheese Sausage 'n Portabella Skillet. Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 frozen meatless or turkey sausage patty with about 80 calories (like the kind by Morningstar Farms or Jimmy Dean)
1/2 cup sliced onion
1 large portabella mushroom, roughly chopped
2/3 cup frozen shredded hash browns
2/3 cup fat-free liquid egg substitute (like Egg Beaters Original)
1/2 tsp. chopped garlic
1 wedge The Laughing Cow Light Creamy Swiss cheese
2 tbsp. shredded fat-free cheddar cheese
Optional: salt, black pepper, chopped scallions

Directions:
Prepare sausage patty on the stove in a skillet sprayed with nonstick spray or on a microwave-safe plate in the microwave. (Refer to package instructions for exact temperature and cook time.) Once cool enough to handle, crumble or chop and set aside. ?
Bring a skillet sprayed with nonstick spray to medium heat on the stove. Add onion and, stirring often, cook until slightly softened, about 3 minutes.
Reduce heat to medium low. Add chopped mushroom and hash browns to the skillet with the onion. Stirring occasionally, cook until mushroom pieces have softened and hash browns are hot, 5 - 6 minutes.
Raise heat to medium. Add cooked sausage pieces to the skillet with the veggie-hash mixture. Add egg substitute, garlic, and cheese wedge, breaking cheese wedge into pieces as you add it. Scramble until egg substitute is just cooked, about 3 minutes.
Transfer mixture to a microwave-safe plate. Sprinkle with cheddar cheese.
Microwave for 30 seconds, until cheese has just melted. If you like, season to taste with salt and pepper and top with scallions. Dig in!

Submitter: 
Shannon Campbell
Description: 
A restaurant with both steak and shake in its name probably isn't going to be your number-one destination for a light breakfast. But boy do those morning skillet meals sound good! Luckily, we're bringing the flavor of this Steak 'n Shake dish to you and leaving the extra fat and calories by the fryolator...
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
30
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
