URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63177294/souffle-pancake/
Title:
Souffle Pancake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/816584.jpg
Ingredients:
7 large eggs
6 tbs salted butter melted and divided
1 1/2 cups milk
1 1/2 cups all purpose flour
1 tbs lemon juice
1/2 tsp vanilla
1 tsp salt
1 tsp baking soda
2 tbs sugar
5 - 10 fresh strawberries, sliced.  Can substitute other fruit (blueberries, bananas, etc...)
confectioner's sugar for garnish

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350.  Set rack on medium shelf.
Melt all the butter in 12" non-stick, high sided, oven-proof skillet on low heat.
Separate eggs with whites in one large size bowl, yolks in another medium size bowl.
Add flour, baking soda, milk, salt, vanilla, lemon juice and sugar to bowl with yolks.  Add half of the melted butter to batter mix.
Lightly mix into slightly lumpy batter to incorporate and then allow to rest while whipping egg whites.
Whisk egg whites into stiff peaks with wire whisk or mixer.
Gently fold batter into egg whites.
Turn heat up on skillet with remaining butter to medium-high heat.  Just before butter browns pour batter into skillet.
Allow to slightly set on medium-high heat, for 2-3 minutes, then lightly drop sliced strawberries into soufflé until they are mostly submerged.
After fruit is added, place skillet into oven.  Allow to bake until soufflé is set, and doesn't jiggle in center when lightly shaken.  This should take about 25 minutes.  Soufflé should be light brown when it's done baking.
Finish by turning broiler on low.  Leave rack in middle of oven.  Soufflé should be medium to dark brown color on top.
Slide onto plate and serve topped with sprinkled powdered sugar.  Serve with warm syrup and/or fresh fruit.

Submitter: 
Chrissi Guarnieri
Description: 
Light, fluffy, slightly sweet, and a hint of salt this Souffle Pancake has become our family favorite.  My husband combined a couple of different recipes and added his own twist.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
