URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63175493/chicken-rice-in-creamy-sauce/
Title:
Chicken, Rice in Creamy Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8 tablespoons butter, divided
8 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
20 ounces thick sliced bacon.
1/2 (5.375 ounce) condensed cream of chicken soup
1/2 (5.375 ounce) condensed cream of mushroom soup
3 cups heavy cream
Salt, Black Pepper, Garlic powder, Onion powder, Nutmeg to taste.
3-4 cups of Jasmine Rice

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C).
Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium high heat. Put the chicken in the skillet and season chicken with salt, pepper, garlic powder, onion powder and nutmeg to taste.
Once finished remove the chicken and let them cool for a few minutes before cutting it up into small strips/pieces.
Save the chicken drippings.
Cook the rice at the same time as the chicken is cooking.
When the rice is done, put a thick layer of rice as a bottom blanket layer in a 9x13 inch baking dish.
In a separate skillet, set to high heat and add the thick sliced bacon and cook to your liking.
In a different saucepan, set to high heat and add  the cream of chicken soup, the cream of mushroom soup, and the cream.
Let mixture simmer over medium heat until bubbly,
then bacon and its drippings and the saved drippings from the chicken and stir together.
Test taste and add additional seasoning to your liking.
Add cut up chicken to the 9x13 baking dish and pour
the bacon/soup/mushroom mixture over the chicken in the baking dish.
Cover and bake in preheated oven for 10 to 15 minutes.
Since all the rice will not be using in the backing dish, serve it as additional rice at the dinner.

Submitter: 
Bjorn Stacey
Description: 
A thick, creamy mushroom sauce served over golden brown chicken breasts and jasmine rice.
Easy and satisfying.Modified from: Chicken Danielle
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
