URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63172118/bbq-pulled-pork-cinnamon-rolls/
Title:
BBQ Pulled Pork Cinnamon Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/814494.jpg
Ingredients:
For the Dough
1 stick unsalted butter
1/2 cup whole milk
2 1/4 teaspoons active dry yeast
1/2 cup warm water (about 100 degrees, no warmer)
1/4 cup natural cane sugar
1 large egg
2 large egg yolks
1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt
4 cups all-purpose flour
For the BBQ Sauce
2 cups ketchup
1 cup spicy brown mustard
2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce
1/4 cup apple cider vinegar
1 cup dark brown sugar
1/4 cup light brown sugar
2-3 dashes Tabasco sauce
1 tablespoon garlic powder
1/4 teaspoon onion powder
2 teaspoons ground mustard
2 teaspoons smoked paprika
2 teaspoons chile powder
2 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt
1/4 teaspoon freshly cracked pepper
For Assembly
1/4 cup cinnamon sugar (mix 2 tablespoons natural cane sugar with 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon)
1 stick melted butter
1 pound pulled pork (make your own, or pick some up from your favorite bbq place!)

Directions:
For the BBQ Sauce
Combine all ingredients in a medium saucepan and place over medium heat, stirring often.
Bring the mixture to a simmer, and turn down to medium-low.  Allow the sauce to cook for 15-20 minutes, stirring frequently.
Transfer the sauce to a blender or a food processor and puree until smooth.
Pour the sauce into a clean, sterilized jar and allow to come to room temperature before placing the lid on.  The BBQ sauce will keep in the fridge for up to two weeks.
For the Dough
Place the butter and milk in a saucepan over medium heat. Heat the mixture until the butter is melted and the milk is steaming, stirring often. Remove from the heat and allow the mixture to cool.
Place the yeast in a small bowl and add the warm water. Allow to stand for 5 minutes.
Combine the sugar, egg, egg yolks, kosher salt, flour, yeast, and milk/butter mixture into dough.  Knead gently until smooth and elastic.
Place into a well-oiled bowl and cover the bowl loosely with a piece of plastic wrap. Place the bowl in a warm, draft-free spot in the kitchen and allow to double in size, about 1 to 1-1/2 hours.
When the dough has doubled in size, lightly press it down and turn it out onto a well-floured surface. Flour a rolling pin and roll the dough into a large rectangle, approximately 18" x 14" in size, with the long side facing you.
Brush the surface of the dough liberally with melted butter. Sprinkle the cinnamon sugar on top.
Arrange the pulled pork in a single layer spread over the dough, leaving about an inch border on the short sides of the dough.  Spread about 1/2 cup of BBQ sauce on top of the pulled pork.
(See more in footnotes)

Submitter: 
Sanderson32
Description: 
Yes. These bad boys are basically life-changingly delicious.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
