URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63180611/curry-gravy-base/
Title:
Curry Gravy Base Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/817969.jpg
Ingredients:
The Spice Mix:
1 tablespoon turmeric
1 tablespoon ground cumin
1 tablespoon ground coriander (seeds)
1 tablespoon  fenugreek seeds
1 tablespoon paprika (this is not hot, it mostly just gives color)
1 small 1" piece of cinnamon
3 cloves
1/4 tsp. ground nutmeg (optional)
2 green Cardamom pods- crushed
1 large bayleaf
Mix all spices together in a bowl.  Take a smell...they should smell a little pungent, but mostly good!  The smell will change a lot once they're added to the oil/ghee.  Set your masala mix aside.
Ingredients:
10 onions- baseball sized- sliced pretty thin
1 carrot - peeled and chopped (use 2 if you want!)
1 red bell pepper, sliced
10 cloves of garlic, finely minced
2 inch piece of ginger, minced
2 cups chopped tomatoes (I used Hunts brand canned tomatoes)
2 1/2 cups water
2 tbsp. vegetable oil
4 tbsp. ghee
salt/pepper to taste (I added a little salt, but left out pepper.  I can add this to the individual curries I make)

Directions:
Heat oil and ghee in a large pan, over medium high heat.  Once it's nice and hot, toss in your masala mix.  Fry the spices-being careful nothing burns.  Stir around a while until everything is nice and fragrant...and no longer raw.  Add the ginger and garlic.  Stir-fry for a minute or so, just until it lets off a nice smell.  Add the onions.  Mix everything together really well so that the onions are covered with the masala.
While the onions cook down, slice the red bell pepper and grate the carrot.  Once the onions have gone soft and translucent (they will also shrink quite a lot), add the bell pepper and carrot.
Cook the vegetables until they go soft (you could also toss in about a cup of shredded cabbage, if you want).  Once the vegetables have softened properly, add the tomatoes and water to the mixture.  Stir everything together, mixing well.
Bring the mixture to a boil.  Reduce heat, cover, and simmer for about a half hour.  Once it's well cooked and all the flavors have had a little time to mingle, pull out your blender.  Working in batches (I had to do three batches), blend the mixture into a smooth, creamy looking gravy.
Pour all the gravy back into the pan and simmer for about 15 to 20 more minutes.  You can taste the gravy---it'll be a little bland will desperately need salt.  Fear not!  This under-seasoned gravy will go on to become many, many  great curries!
Once you've let everything cool for a while, pour it into containers to freeze/use.  You can keep it in your fridge for a few days, but any longer you should freeze it.  It'll keep really well, I promise!

Submitter: 
Sanderson32
Description: 
This recipe is meant to be used as a base for creating amazing curries.  It is not meant to be eaten as a curry, itself---although you could...I guess. 

This recipe will yield approximately 11 cups, you could add more water to increase the amount of gravy---just don't water it down too much!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
