URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63189261/onion-tart-with-goat-cheese-and-olives/
Title:
Onion tart with goat cheese and olives Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
FOR THE DOUGH:
1 1/2 tsp. active dry yeast
180 grams (about 1 1/2 cups) whole wheat flour
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
2 tablespoons melted butter or olive oil
FOR THE ONION TOPPING:
2 tablespoons butter or olive oil
3 large onions (about 1 1/2 pounds), sliced 1/8-inch thick
Salt and pepper
2 garlic cloves, minced
2 teaspoons fresh thyme, finely chopped
4 ounces ( 1/4 pound) goat cheese
4 ounces pitted green olives
4 ounces crème fraîche.

Directions:
For the dough: In a mixing bowl, dissolve the yeast in 3/4 cup lukewarm water. Stir in 1/4 cup flour and let the mixture get bubbly, about 10 to 15 minutes. Add the kosher salt, butter or oil and remaining flour and mix to form a rough ball.  Knead the dough (with hands or stand mixer) for about 5 minutes, adding water as needed.  Let rise, covered with a damp towel or plastic wrap, until doubled in size, about 1 hour. (Or refrigerate in a zippered plastic bag and let rise several hours or overnight.)
For the topping: Heat 2 tablespoons butter or olive oil in large skillet over medium-high burner. Add the onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until wilted and lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Season generously with salt and pepper. Stir in the garlic and thyme. Let cool to room temperature.
Set oven to 375 degrees. Punch down the dough and knead into a smooth ball, then let it relax for a few minutes. Roll to a circle about 12 inches in diameter. Transfer to a 12- by 17-inch baking sheet lined with parchment. Stretch the dough to an elongated oval about 11 inches by 15 inches.
4. Mix the goat cheese with half the crème fraîche and dab spoonfuls of the mixture evenly over the dough. Spread the cooked onions over the dough, leaving a half-inch border. Top with the olives, scattered evenly. Drizzle the tart with the remaining crème fraîche.
5. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes, turning the baking sheet if necessary, until well browned. Cool on a rack for a few minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature.

Submitter: 
Susie
Description: 
From NY times
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
75 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
