URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63181331/chef-johns-pineapple-upside-down-cake/
Title:
Chef John's Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/4 cup butter
3/4 cup light brown sugar
1 tablespoon pineapple juice
1 tablespoon dark rum (optional)
1/2 small fresh pineapple - peeled, cored, and sliced
1/2 cup butter
1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
1/8 teaspoon ground cardamom
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 cup white sugar
1 egg
1/2 cup cold milk

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Grease and flour a 10" or larger plan. Melt 1/4 cup butter in a skillet over medium-low heat. Stir in brown sugar, pineapple juice, and dark rum. Cook over medium-low heat until sugar is dissolved and mixture is bubbling, about 5 minutes.
Remove from heat and spread pineapple slices in a layer over the brown sugar mixture, completely covering the mixture. Set skillet aside.
Melt 1/2 cup butter in small skillet over low heat until the butter begins to brown and release a nutty fragrance, about 5 minutes. Watch carefully, butter burns easily. Remove from heat and let cool for 10 minutes.
Whisk together flour, cardamom, salt, baking powder, and white sugar in a large bowl. Whisk in egg and cold milk until just combined. Pour in melted butter and stir to mix thoroughly.
Pour batter over the pineapple slices in the skillet; spread evenly to cover.
Bake in preheated oven until the cake begins to bubble around the edges, the top is browned, and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 30 to 35 minutes. Let cool in the skillet for 10 minutes.
Loosen the cake from the skillet by running a knife around the inside edge of the cake. Invert a large plate over the top of the pan and flip over, releasing the cake to show the pineapple slices on top.

Submitter: 
dfwenigma
Description: 
This iconic American dessert looks like a simple, rustic fruit cobbler when it comes out of the oven, all browned and bubbling, but a few minutes later, when it's turned over and that gloriously caramelized surface is revealed, it becomes so much more.Modified from: Chef John's Pineapple Upside-Down Cake
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
