URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63181989/martha-hall-foose-sweet-tea-pie/
Title:
Martha Hall Foose  Sweet Tea Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Ingredients
Crust:
6 ounces cream cheese, softened
1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened
2 1/2 cups unbleached all-purpose flour
Filling:
1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened
2 cups sugar
8 large egg yolks
3/4 cup strong steeped orange pekoe tea, cooled
1 teaspoon grated lemon zest
1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice
2 tablespoons unbleached all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons cornmeal
1/2 teaspoon salt
sweet tea- 4 tea bags and 1/4 cup sugar

Directions:
Directions
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.
For the crust: In a medium bowl, with an electric mixer, beat the cream cheese and butter until well combined. Add the flour and mix until the dough forms a ball. Pat the dough into a 9-inch pie pan. Chill until ready to use.
For the filling: In a medium bowl, with an electric mixer, beat the butter and sugar at medium speed until light. Add the yolks 1 at a time, beating at low speed until well incorporated. Slowly add the tea. Add lemon zest and lemon juice. Scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. Add the flour, cornmeal, and salt and mix well.
Pour the mixture into the prepared crust. Bake until set, about 45 minutes. Cool completely on a wire rack, and then chill for 2 hours before serving.
to make sweet tea
1 cup water and 1/4 cup sugar...heat on stove till sugar dissloves...4 large tea bags to brisk hot water...cool on counter not in fridge ( will make it cloudy if put in fridge to cool)2 guarts of water ..ice and mint

Submitter: 
Gina Lee Lafreniere
Description: 
Paula Dean Recipe courtesy Martha Hall Foose

Show: Paula's Best DishesEpisode: 4-12-2012 Dishin on Dishes
Cream cheese dough crust and sweet tea in the filling
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
3 hrs
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
