URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63182027/breakfast-in-a-cup-paula-dean/
Title:
Breakfast in a Cup Paula Dean Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the grits:
2 cups water
Salt
1/2 cup quick cooking grits
1 tablespoon butter
Half-and-half
For the scrambled eggs:
2 eggs
Salt and pepper
2 tablespoon water
1 tablespoon sour cream
For the poached eggs:
1 egg
Salt
1 tablespoon vinegar, see Cook's Note*
For the crumbled sausage:
1 pound ground bulk country sausage
Grated cheese, for topping
Chopped parsley leaves, for garnish

Directions:
For the grits:
Directions
Bring 2 cups of salted water to a boil. Slowly stir in 1/2 cup quick grits, stir immediately and reduce the heat, then bring back to boil. Add butter and stir. Reduce the heat and simmer. Let cook approximately 4 minutes, then stir in half-and-half to desired creaminess. Cook grits to taste, up to 30 minutes.
For the scrambled eggs:
Have pan heating on stovetop over medium-high heat. Crack 2 eggs into a bowl. Add salt and pepper, water and 1 tablespoon sour cream. Whisk together. Add butter to pan. Pour in egg mixture and use spoon to scramble.
For the poached eggs:
Have water boiling in a large pot on stove. Add a sprinkle of salt and 1 tablespoon of vinegar to water. Use spoon to swirl water and drop egg into the middle. Cook for approximately 3 minutes for an over-medium egg. Remove from water. Allow water to drain off the egg before serving.
*Vinegar helps the egg to hold its shape by causing the outer layer of the egg white to congeal faster.
For the crumbled sausage:
Prepare according to package instructions.
To assemble:
Spoon grits into mug, about 2/3 full. Spoon sausage on top of grits. Add poached or scrambled egg. Sprinkle cheese on top then garnish with parsley.

Submitter: 
Gina Lee Lafreniere
Description: 
complete breakfast in a coffee mug or tall glass cup..grits, sausage, eggs

Show: Paula's Home CookingEpisode: Breakfast Egg stravaganza 4-12-2012
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
45
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
