URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63188294/chipotle-chicken-with-spinach/
Title:
Chipotle Chicken with Spinach Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 to 3 chipotle chiles in adobo, finely chopped (about 2 tablespoons)
1 1/4 cups Thick Cream, whipping cream, or creme fraiche
4 medium-large (about 1 1/3 pounds) skinless and boneless chicken-breast halves
1/4 cup Homemade Chicken Stock, or low-sodium canned
6 cups (about 10 ounces) spinach, stems removed, well rinsed
Coarse salt

Directions:
Place the chopped canned chipotles and 2 tablespoons thick cream in a small bowl, and mix to combine.
Place the chicken in a large bowl, and pour the chipotle mixture over it, making sure to coat the chicken well. Cover with plastic wrap, and transfer dish to the refrigerator. Marinate the chicken 2 to 3 hours.
Heat the broiler. Place the chicken breasts in a baking dish (preferably earthenware) just large enough to accommodate them. Place the baking dish 6 inches away from the broiler, and broil chicken until deep brown in color, about 4 to 5 minutes.
Remove dish from broiler. Turn chicken breasts, and drizzle remaining 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons thick cream around the chicken. Return the dish to the broiler, and broil until chicken is deep golden and no longer squishy when you lightly press it with your finger, 4 to 5 minutes more.
Transfer the chicken breasts to a warm platter, and transfer platter to a warm oven.
Scrape the cream mixture from the baking dish into a medium-large saucepan. Add the chicken stock and the spinach. Bring the mixture to a boil over high heat, and cook, stirring constantly, until the spinach has wilted and the cream has reduced and thickened, about 3 minutes. Season mixture with salt, and serve creamy spinach with the broiled chicken.

Submitter: 
Nesto
Description: 
Chipotle Chicken with creamy spinach
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
