URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63187363/viryta-lithuanian-honey-liqueur/
Title:
Viryta (Lithuanian Honey Liqueur) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/916882.jpg
Ingredients:
3½ C bottled water
2 tsp ground nutmeg
25 whole cloves
4 tsp ground cinnamon
3 Tbsp caraway seed
1 Tbsp pure vanilla extract
3 C sugar
1 lb. Honey
2 pints clear grain alcohol
Peel of 1 lemon and 1 orange, dried for 24 hours prior

Directions:
Begin preparations the day before, by peeling your lemon and orange in a circular motion, making them as large as possible. Place peels in a warm, dry area to dry.
Combine 1c of bottled water, sugar, spices and honey to a LARGE pot (you will want to use a pot with a LOT of extra room, as the mixture will rise significantly while cooking).
Cook over high heat until mixture reaches a full rolling boil; then reduce heat and cook for a total of 45 minutes.
Add dried fruit peel, and continue to simmer for an additional 15 minutes.
Remove mixture from heat. Remove and discard fruit peels, and add the grain alcohol and remaining water, stirring with a large spoon to evenly mix.
Transfer liquor to a TIGHTLY-COVERED glass container (this is very important, as leaving the mixture uncovered during its "setting" period will allow much of the alcohol to evaporate).
Place in a cool location (out of direct sunlight), and allow to "set" for 1 week, gently swirling the container every few days to keep blended.
After setting for one week, strain mixture through a doubled layer of cheesecloth to remove sediment. Using a funnel, transfer mixture into individual glass bottles or decanters.

Submitter: 
FoodJunkie
Description: 
This is a sweet, VERY potent beverage that can be found at the Lithuanian festivals and Lithuanian social clubs in Baltimore...they usually pronounce it VIT-a-tis.  Viryta is usually homemade by descendants of Lithuanian immigrants, using recipes that have been handed down through the generations, and is a popular commodity around the holidays. It took me YEARS to finally get someone to teach me how to make it--most of the people around Baltimore who make it are very secretive about their family recipes! (I'd probably catch an earful if she knew I posted it online, lol...)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
24 hrs
Ready in:
8 d
Number of servings: 
36
Nutritional Facts:
NA
