URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63185628/bacon-cheeseburger-crescents/
Title:
Bacon Cheeseburger Crescents Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb extra lean ground beef (93% lean)
Sea salt and freshly cracked black pepper, to taste
California blend garlic powder, to taste
14 oz can of chicken broth
1/3 cup Coca-Cola (do not use Diet Coke)
¼ cup minced onion
4 strips of thick smoked bacon, crisply fried
4 oz plain cream cheese
2 each 8 oz tubes of refrigerated crescent rolls
4 oz shredded cheddar cheese, mild or sharp or a blend of Cheddar and Jack cheese
1 egg white

Directions:
Season the beef with garlic powder, salt and pepper and place in a large cold skillet. Add the ¼ cup minced onions at this time. Cook over medium heat till the meat is no longer pink, turning and crumbling it very often as it cooks. Stir in the broth and the Coke. Bring to a boil then lower the heat to a simmer. Simmer over low heat and stir occasionally for 30 – 45 minutes or till all of the liquid is absorbed. After 45 minutes, drain off the remaining liquid. Stir in the cream cheese while the beef is still hot and keep stirring till the cheese is melted. Remove the skillet from the heat and set aside.
Meanwhile pan fry the bacon over medium-low heat at this time till it is crisp tender, drain on paper towels and set aside.
Preheat an oven to 350°F.
Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper and unroll the crescent dough onto the parchment paper then divide it into 4 pieces containing 2 diamonds each. With floured fingers, lightly press the perforated lines of each section of dough together so to prevent separation when rolling them into packets.
Place an equal amount of beef/cheese mixture on each dough section. Crumble a slice of cooked bacon on top of each bundle then top with your choice of cheese. Fold the corners up on each packet and press to seal. Using a pastry brush, smear the tops of each packet with egg white. Bake for 20 - 25 minutes on the center rack in the preheated oven or till the top crusts are a light golden brown.
Serve immediately or allow them to cool to room temperature on a wire rack so to place them in individual freezer bags and freeze them.

Submitter: 
Dale
Description: 
Great tasting cheeseburgers that can be made in advance then frozen and reheated in the microwave for a quick meal. The recipe doubles nicely. The long simmer time of the meat mixture is needed so to impart the flavors fully. It’s surprising the flavor that chicken broth and Coca-Cola adds to ground beef. The egg white wash creates a really nice crust.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
60 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
