URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63182768/enchilada-casserole/
Title:
Enchilada Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/900078.jpg
Ingredients:
1 ½	Pounds ground turkey
3    to 4 tablespoons homemade or 2 packets store bought taco seasoning
2/3	cup water
1 ½	cups chopped onion
12	to 14 ounces Authentic Enchilada Sauce (recipe follows) or canned enchilada sauce
1 ½	to 2 bags shredded iceberg lettuce (1 to 1 1/2 heads)
2	cups fresh chopped  tomatoes
3	cups shredded sharp cheddar cheese, or more to taste
2	to 3 cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese, optional
15	corn tortillas cut in half
Authentic Mexican Enchilada Sauce.
29  	ounces tomato sauce
1/3	cup Gehardt chili powder (if using another brand please cut back to 1/4 cup, taste and adjust to your taste)
Enough water to make chili powder same consistency as tomato sauce.

Directions:
1.	In a large skillet over medium heat, stir and chop turkey, onion and half of the taco seasoning, until turkey is crumbly and no longer pink.  Stir in 2/3 cup water and remaining seasoning.  Stir to coat, cook stirring occasionally until water is gone, add 1 cup of enchilada sauce to turkey meat stir well.  Remove from heat.
2.	Preheat oven to 425.
3.	Spray a 3 quart casserole with cooking spray or olive oil.  Arrange ¼ of the tortillas evenly over bottom of casserole overlapping to fit.  Sprinkle with ¼ of the cheese evenly over the tortillas, then top with 1/3 of the turkey mixture, 1/3 of the lettuce, and 1/3 of the tomatoes, then top with ¼ of the remaining sauce, spreading over each level.  Repeat to make 2 more layers.  Top with one last layer of tortillas, and remaining cheese.
4.	 Bake 20 to 30 minutes or until the cheese is melted and browned.
Directions for the Sauce
1	combine all ingredients in a small saucepan and heat until hot.  Stirring well.  Remove from heat and set aside.  Easiest way to add to casserole is to pour into a condiment bottle so that you can use it to spray/squirt over layers and over top for serving.

Submitter: 
Semigourmet
Description: 
this casserole is especially good for those like myself that don't really care for canned enchilada sauce. it also freezes well, and can be assembled,  frozen then baked later.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
