URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63180038/mughlai-chicken-curry/
Title:
Mughlai Chicken Curry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/817667.jpg
Ingredients:
1 kilo chicken, cut into bite sized pieces
Marinade:
¼ cup plain yoghurt
1 teaspoon ground coriander
1 teaspoon garam masala (homemade is lovely!)
½ teaspoon ground cumin
½ teaspoon hot chilli powder (cayenne)
5 cloves garlic, grated to a paste
1 inch piece of ginger, grated to a paste
Salt to taste (around 1 teaspoon)
1 tablespoon vegetable or any unflavoured oil
Sauce:
Ground Spice Mix:
¼ teaspoon ground mace
¼ teaspoon grated nutmeg
¼ teaspoon ground cloves
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
5 green cardamom pods, seeds removed and crushed fine
1 black cardamom pod, seeds removed and crushed fine
1 teaspoon ground coriander
1 teaspoon garam masala
½ teaspoon ground cumin
Whole Spices:
5 whole cloves
5 whole green cardamom pods
2 inch stick of cinnamon or cassia bark
1 star anise
The rest of the sauce:
2 small onions, chopped
4 cloves garlic, chopped
1 inch piece of ginger, chopped
1 green chilly, chopped (optional)
2 cups chicken stock
1 tablespoon oil or ghee + an extra tablespoon
Around 25 g (¼ cup) blanched almonds
Around 25 g (¼ cup) unsalted cashew nuts
½ cup milk + 2 tablespoons extra
A generous pinch of saffron
½ cup heavy cream (optional)
To garnish:
A generous handful of raisins
A generous handful of unsalted cashew nuts
Large handful of fresh coriander (cilantro) chopped

Directions:
Whisk together the ingredients for the marinade. Rub into the chicken pieces and marinate for at least 4 hours or overnight.
Mix together all the spices for the ground spice mix in a small bowl.
Heat a tablespoon of oil in a pan. Add onion and fry for about 5 - 6 minutes, until soft and beginning to colour. Add the chopped ginger, garlic and green chilly (if using) and fry for an additional minute. Transfer to a blender and blend to a smooth paste. Keep aside.
Place a heavy pan on medium high heat, and add the marinated chicken pieces, reserving any leftover marinade. Fry the pieces, in a couple of batches, if necessary, until the chicken is brown all over and sealed. Transfer the chicken to a bowl and keep aside.
Add a tablespoon of oil to the same pan, and add the whole spices. Stir and fry for a minute, until fragrant. Add the onion paste to the pan, along with the ground spices, and any remaining marinade from the chicken pieces.
Fry together, stirring often, until the masala comes together in a sticky mass, about 5 - 7 minutes.
Add the stock to pan and simmer for about 10 minutes.
Taste and season with a little salt.
Add the fried chicken pieces into the sauce, and stir till the chicken is coated in the sauce. Simmer for about 10 minutes on a low heat.
Meanwhile, soak the almond and cashews in the ½ cup milk for about 10 - 15 minutes, then blend to a fine paste.
Heat the remaining 2 Tbsp of milk, and stir in saffron.
Stir nut paste and the slaked saffron into the chicken and its sauce.
Simmer covered for another 10 minutes. The chicken should be cooked all the way through. Taste and adjust the seasoning, adding a little salt at this stage.
(continued in footnotes)

Submitter: 
Sanderson32
Description: 
Excellent curry!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
