URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63198815/never-fail-cheesecake/
Title:
Never Fail Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/826649.jpg
Ingredients:
24 oz. cream cheese, ROOM TEMPERATURE
4 large eggs, ROOM TEMPERATURE
3/4 C. white sugar
2 tsp. almond extract
CRUST
1 3/4 C. graham cracker crumbs
1/3 C. melted butter
3 T. white sugar

Directions:
Move the oven-rack to the center of the oven and the second oven-rack directly beneath.  Fill a 9 x 9" baking pan with hot water and put it on the LOWER oven-rack.  Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.  Next, prepare the crust.  LIGHTLY spray a 9" spring form pan with non-stick spray.  In a small bowl mix the CRUST ingredients together and then press evenly in the bottom and about a 1/2" up the sides of the prepared pan.  Put the prepared crust into the freezer while you make the filling.  In a medium bowl beat the cream cheese until smooth.  Add the sugar and beat until well incorporated.  Add the almond extract.  Beat the eggs one at a time until smooth.  Pour the cream cheese mixture into the chilled crust.  Use a spatula to gently spread the filling evenly in the pan and then place on the middle rack of the oven OVER the pan of hot water.  BAKE @ 350, and after 40 minutes check the cheesecake by gently shaking the pan.  When the cake is set, the center should jiggle slightly, but not be watery.  Bake in 5 minute increments until desired consistancy.  When the cheesecake is properly set, shut off the oven and partially open the oven door and allow the cake to rest for about 10 minutes.  Remove cheesecake to a cooling rack and carefully and gently run a wet knife along the edge of the baked cheesecake.  Loosen the rim of the springform pan and remove.  Allow the cake to cool completely on the counter.  Refrigerate cooled cake.

Submitter: 
Sally Anne
Description: 
Few ingredients, great results.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
