URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63192345/fluffy-pancakes/
Title:
Fluffy Pancakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/823308.jpg
Ingredients:
3/4 cup milk
2 tablespoons white vinegar
1 cup all-purpose flour
2 tablespoons white sugar
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 egg
2 tablespoons butter, melted
1 teaspoon vanilla
cooking spray or vegetable oil
RECIPE FOR COMPOUND BUTTER: (Make at least 2 hours ahead)
Honey Vanilla Butter
Ingredients:
1/2 cup (1 stick)butter, room temperature
1/4 cup honey
1/2 cup powdered sugar
3/4 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
Directions:
Using an electric mixer, beat the butter, honey, sugar, cinnamon and vanilla together until smooth.
Dollop the mixture onto parchment paper in a log shape. Roll the paper tightly and twist the ends to seal. Chill in the fridge for at least 2 hours.
Use leftover compound butter for french toast, waffles, warm biscuits and great on baked sweet potatoes!

Directions:
Combine milk with vinegar in a medium bowl and set aside for 5 minutes to "sour".
Combine flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large mixing bowl. Whisk egg, butter and vanilla into "soured" milk. Pour the flour mixture into the wet ingredients and whisk until lumps are gone.
Heat a large skillet over medium heat, and coat with cooking spray or lightly with vegetable oil. Pour 1/4 cupfuls of batter onto the skillet, and cook until bubbles appear on the surface. Flip with a spatula, and cook until browned on the other side.  Serve with a dollop of honey vanilla compound butter and drizzle with real maple syrup.

Submitter: 
Dawn
Description: 
Light and fluffy pancakes are delicious served with honey vanilla compound butter (recipe follows) and real maple syrup or top with berries and whipped cream.  Recipe makes 8 smaller pancakes so double recipe if needed.  My husband and I can finish off a batch of these by ourselves!Modified from: Fluffy Pancakes
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
