URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63194739/mashed-potato-green-bean-casserole-vegan/
Title:
Mashed Potato & Green Bean Casserole (Vegan) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
. 8 russet potatoes
. 1 can french cut green beans
. 1 can of corn
. 1/2 onion, minced
. 2 cloves fresh garlic, minced
. 1/2 cup earth balance buttery spread
. 2 containers of french fried onions (aprox. 1.25 cups per container)
. better than chicken (no chicken base, vegan) boulion
. 2 packets of veggie boulion
. 2 tbsp corn starch
. 1 tbsp flour
. 4 cups water
. 1 tbsp earth balance buttery spread
. 1/4 tsp pepper

Directions:
Wash and peel potatoes, slice into cubes, then put in pot with boiling water, some olive oil and a dash of salt, and cook until mushy, or 12 min.
When potatoes are finished cooking, strain all water out and allow them to cool for 2 min. then place in large bowl and mash with spoon or fork with 1/2 cup butter, salt, and peppper.
Mince onions and garlic cloves.
Combine 1 tbsp earth balance buttery spread, and all veggies (corn, green beans, onions & garlic) into small bowl, then microwave for 30 seconds.
Combine the veggie mix with the potatoes and stir thouroughly, then set aside.
Combine 4 cups of water, veggie boulion and better than chicken boulion in small saucepan, once boulion is dissolved, add flour and corn starch and continue stirring until thouroughly mixed, let boil for 3 min. until mixture is thick like gravy, then take off burner.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
Grease two baking pans with oil or earth balance buttery spread.
Spread potato & veggie mixture into bottom of pan, then pour half of gravy onto the potatoes, after that sprinkle french onions over the casserole.
Repeat last instruction with another baking pan.
Cover baking pans with tinfoil and bake at 375 degrees F for 30 min.
Take out of oven and allow to cool for 5 min, then serve and enjoy!

Submitter: 
ishallbevegan
Description: 
This delicious vegan casserole is delicious and healthy! Feel free to add chicken and use real butter in the recipe if you're not vegan, and for those of you that are, enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1.5 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
