URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63196887/hungarian-beef-goulash-for-grass-fed-beef/
Title:
HUNGARIAN BEEF GOULASH FOR GRASS FED BEEF Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 - 4.5 pound grass fed beef roast, preferably chuck
4 large onions, chopped
12 oz bottle of roasted red bell peppers
1/3 cup Hungarian paprika
2 tablespoons tomato paste
5 carrots cut into 2 inch pieces
2 beets cubed
2 tsps sea salt
1 bay leaf
2 tsp vinegar
cooking oil for pan
1 cup beef broth
1/4 cup plain organic goat yogurt

Directions:
1.Cut your roast into stew sized chunks, salt, cover and set aside.
2.Blend the roasted red bell pepper, paprika, tomato paste, and vinegar in a food processor or blender and set aside.
3.Put a large cast iron on the stove over medium heat.
4.Add some cooking oil, add the onions, some salt and cook them for about 10 minutes. DO NOT let them caramelize. You're just sweating them. The paprika will bring all the smokiness you need.
5.Next add your blended mix of roasted peppers and paprika. Stir it in and cook the mixture for another 10 - 15 minutes until the sauce starts to stick to the bottom of the pot and form a gummy paste. This is creating flavor!
6.Add the uncooked beef to the pot. Notice, unlike most recipes, you do NOT sear or brown the meat first.
7.Add in the carrots, the beets and one bay leaf. Add some kosher sea salt, and then mix everything in. Cover with a lid and place in a 325 degree oven for 2 to 2.5 hours. Notice that we are not adding any liquid at this time. That's because the onions provide plenty of liquid as they slowly cook down.
8.After the 2 - 2.5 hours, remove from oven and add no more than 1 cup of beef broth. Mix it in, cover again and put it back in the oven for another 30 minutes.
9.Remove the pot from the oven, take out the bay leaf and then add 1/4 cup of plain goat yogurt and a splash of vinegar. Stir to mix thoroughly.
10.Serve this over potatoes or noodles. The color is vibrant and bold, but the flavor is surprisingly mild, yet rich. The first serving is great, but the leftovers are even better because the spice penetrate even further.

Submitter: 
glypnirsgirl
Description: 
Slow cooking grass fed beef in a rich sauce of roasted peppers, tomatoes, and paprika produce a deeply flavorful and tender dish that will satisfy a craving for beef.Modified from: Roasted Red Pepper and Tomato Soup
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
