URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63193179/gulab-jamun/
Title:
Gulab Jamun Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/823614.jpg
Ingredients:
For the jamuns:
¾ cup skim milk powder
3 tablespoons plain flour
½ tablespoon caster (very fine) sugar
A pinch of baking soda
2 tablespoons melted ghee or butter (+ 1 tablespoon extra)
Seeds from one green cardamom pod, crushed finely in a mortar and pestle
About 1/3 cup half and half (or whole milk) + a little extra *see notes
Enough oil for deep frying
For the sugar syrup:
¾ cup sugar
2 cups water
4 green cardamom pods, cracked, but left whole
2 teaspoons rosewater

Directions:
Sift the milk powder, flour, sugar and baking soda into a bowl. Add the finely ground cardamom seeds and stir.
Make a small well in the centre and pour in 2 tablespoons of the melted ghee or butter. Add the half and half or whole milk, little by little, until you have a very soft and sticky dough. Rest the dough for about 5 minutes.
Grease your palms well with the extra ghee. Shape the dough into 1 inch balls *see notes. This quantity of dough should make roughly 12 - 15 balls. Place on a greased plate.
Heat the oil for deep frying in a small pot *see notes. Gently lower the shaped jamuns into the hot oil, and fry until they are golden brown. This will take around 5 - 7 minutes. Fry a little longer if you want your jamuns darker in colour.
Gently take out the fried jamuns and drain for a few minutes on absorbent kitchen paper.
Meanwhile, make the sugar syrup. Place the sugar, water and cracked cardamom pods in a pan over a medium heat. When the sugar dissolves, turn up the heat, and bring to a boil, skimming away any scum that may rise to the surface. Boil for about 2 - 3 minutes, then turn off the heat. Stir in the rosewater.
Place the hot jamuns into the sugar syrup, and leave to soak. The jamuns will absorb the syrup.
Serve just warm or cold. This dessert goes well with a scoop of vanilla ice cream.

Submitter: 
Sanderson32
Description: 
Not diet food!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
