URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63195353/nigel-slaters-grilled-beef-vietnamese-salad/
Title:
Nigel Slater's Grilled Beef Vietnamese Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons juice from 2 limes
4 tablespoons Vietnamese or Thai fish sauce
1 to 2 tablespoon sweet chile sauce, or another chile paste such as sambal
2 teaspoons sugar
2 fresh red Thai chiles, stemmed, seeded, and minced
1 pound hanger, skirt, or other well-marbled steaks
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
2 tablespoons neutral oil, such as canola or vegetable
2 bunches watercress, tough stems removed
8 to 10 kaffir lime leaves, center stem removed, very thinly shredded (optional)
1/2 cup roughly chopped cilantro
1/2 cup roughly chopped mint leaves
1 (4-inch) piece cucumber, cut into matchsticks
2 medium carrots, cut into matchsticks
2 large tomatoes, seeded and cut into thin wedges

Directions:
Preheat a grill or broiler for the steaks.
While the grill or broiler heats up, combine the lime juice, fish sauce, chile sauce, and sugar in a small bowl. Stir well to dissolve the sugar, then add the minced red chile. Taste and adjust the levels of each ingredient as desired. It should be tart, sweet, and funky.
Season the steak generously with salt and pepper and rub with the oil. Grill, turning once, until well-charred but still rosy pink within, 5-8 minutes depending on the thickness. Allow them to rest at least 5 minutes after cooking, then slice against the grain into thin pieces.
While the steaks are grilling, combine the watercress, cilantro, mint leaves, cucumber, cucumber, carrot, and tomatoes.
When the steaks are done and sliced, add them to the salad and toss everything together with the dressing. Serve immediately while the steak is still hot.

Submitter: 
meghanmacrae
Description: 
Though I've ordered this type of salad at restaurants before, I've never tried it at home, and I was eager to play with Slater's proportions in the dressing: fish sauce for savory pungency, lime juice to brighten things up, sweet chile sauce for spiciness, and sugar to soften the edges. It's never made much sense to me at all how the flavor of that mixture can taste so round and balanced (though it's definitely pretty funky, so be warned). The list of ingredients, besides kaffir lime leaves, which can be omitted, was also not too difficult to procure.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
