URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63190789/duxbury-beach-stuffed-quahogs/
Title:
Duxbury Beach Stuffed Quahogs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 cups water
1 (16 ounce) package Portuguese linguica sausage links
12 large quahogs or chowder clams
1 large onion, coarsely chopped
1  (12 ounce) package chicken-flavored bread stuffing mix (such as Kraft® Stove Top®)
1/2 cup margarine
1/4 cup butter

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bring water to a boil over high heat. Add sausage links; reduce heat to medium and simmer for 10 minutes. Remove links from broth; reserve the broth. Remove casings from the sausage.
Bring the broth back to a simmer and add the quahogs; cook until they open, 5 to 10 minutes. Remove the quahogs; reserve the broth. Remove the cooked quahogs from the shells. Separate the shell halves. If necessary wash the shells.
Place the sausage and quahog meat into the bowl of a food processor; process until chopped, about 12 seconds, depending on your processor. Scrape mixture into a bowl. Add chopped onion to the processor; chop about 5 seconds. Stir in to the meat mixture.
Make the full container of stuffing according to package directions, using the margarine, and substituting the sausage/clam broth for water. There may be more broth than you need.
Mix together about 3/4 of the stuffing and sausage/clam/onion mixture. Reserve the rest of the stuffing for another time. Spoon filling into empty clam shell halves and top each with a small pat of butter (about a third of a teaspoon).
Place the shells on a baking pan; bake in the preheated oven until toasty brown on top, 15 to 20 minutes.

Submitter: 
GERRAUGHTY
Description: 
Large clam shells are stuffed with chopped clams,  linguica and bread stuffing in this wonderful variation on an East coast classic.Modified from: Tim O'Toole's Famous Stuffed Quahogs
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
