URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63209047/chocolate-souffle-for-two/
Title:
Chocolate Soufflé for Two Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/831319.jpg
Ingredients:
1/3 cup semisweet chocolate chips
1 tbsp unsalted butter
1/2 tsp vanilla extract
1 large egg yolk
1 tbsp warm water
2 tbsp and 2 tsp granulated sugar
2 large egg whites, room temperature
1/8 tsp fresh lemon juice
Pinch of salt
Pinch of cinnamon
Confectioners’ sugar for garnish

Directions:
Grease 2 ramekins with soft butter, then coat with sugar.
Place ramekins in the freezer and chill for at least 30 minutes.
Remove all items you will need and set on countertop.
Place an oven rack in lower third of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F.
Add the chocolate and butter to a Little Dipper crockpot and cover, or in a medium heatproof bowl placed over a saucepan filled with an inch of simmering water (not touching).
Stir the chocolate occasionally until melted and smooth.
Remove from heat and stir in vanilla extract and cinnamon. Set aside.
In a large bowl, add egg yolk and warm water and beat until frothy. Gradually add 2 tsp sugar, and continue beating about 5 minutes.
Gently fold the yolks into the chocolate mixture.
Remove ramekins from freezer.
Add egg whites to the bowl of a standing mixer with whisk attachment and add lemon juice and pinch of salt.
Beat on medium until frothy, then gradually add 2 tbsp of sugar and increase speed to high.
Beat until the whites hold a stiff peak then stop.
Gently fold about a third of the egg whites into the chocolate to lighten, then fold in remaining whites until just blended.
Carefully spoon the souffle mixture into the ramekins, and place on a baking sheet.
Bake until the soufflé rises and when the top is touched with your finger it springs back, about 18 to 20 minutes.
Remove from oven, dust with confectioners’ sugar and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Sanderson32
Description: 
Here are some tips to avoid getting sinking soufflés right out of the oven (what you DON’T want): 1) Make sure you don’t overbeat the egg whites-right when they become poofy, stop. 2) Do not overstir the egg whites into the chocolate…fold them in gently with a spatula until just blended. 3) Don’t underbake. I got lucky with this recipe, but as always practice makes perfect!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
