URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63203207/chicken-and-dumpling-bake-casserole/
Title:
Chicken and Dumpling Bake Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/828633.jpg
Ingredients:
3-4 cups of cooked chicken
1/4 cup (1/2 stick) of unsalted butter
1 cup self-rising flour
1 cup milk
2 cups chicken stock/broth
1 can Campbell's cream of chicken soup

Directions:
If you are using fresh, raw chicken, please see cook's notes at the bottom of the recipe. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Melt 1/2 stick of butter and pour into the bottom of a 9 x 13 inch baking pan. Shred the chicken and spread it on top of the butter. In a separate bowl, whisk together the milk and the flour and slowly pour that over the chicken taking care not to disturb the chicken too much. Do not stir. Whisk together the chicken broth and the cream of chicken soup. Slowly pour that over the flour and milk mixture. Do not stir.
Bake uncovered at 400 degrees F for 35 to 45 minutes, or until top is light golden brown.
~Cooks Notes~
Use rotisserie chicken, leftover precooked chicken, canned chicken or 3 to 5 pieces of raw chicken - chicken breasts, mixed chicken parts. Poach raw chicken in the chicken broth or stock in a medium sized saucepan. Cook on a low simmer for about 15 to 20 minutes or until chicken is mostly done. It will finish cooking in the oven. Remove the chicken and set aside to cool but reserve the stock. To substitute all purpose flour, use 1 cup of flour and add 1-1/4 teaspoon of baking powder plus 1/8 teaspoons of salt. Leftovers reheat nicely, but casserole does not freeze well.
Chicken Pot Pie Casserole: Several readers like to make this an all-in-one meal by adding drained canned mixed veggies, or cooked/steamed frozen or fresh veggies. Cook 2 sliced carrots, 2 sliced celery stalks, a diced potato and a chopped onion, in about 3 cups of chicken broth. Can season the water with bay leaf, herbs or other non-salt seasonings. When the veggies are tender, drain but reserve the broth. Put the veggies on top of the shredded chicken and add about 1-1/2 cups of frozen peas. Finished as above, using the reserved broth from the veggies.

Submitter: 
Lisa Robinson
Description: 
I got this recipe from deepsouthkitchen.com and it is so good and so easy I wanted to share. This may be the best chicken and dumplings I have ever had.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
