URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63205090/moms-cabbage-rolls-a-different-way/
Title:
Mom's Cabbage Rolls a Different Way Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/829446.jpg
Ingredients:
1 lg head cabbage
1 Tbsp butter
2 c long grained rice or long grain brown rice
1 tsp salt
4 c water
3 lb lean ground beef or 2 lb beef and 1 lb ground turkey
1 lg onion, chopped fine in food processor with garlic
4 clove garlic, minced
1 1/4 tsp seasoned salt
1/2 tsp freshly ground pepper
1/8 tsp freshly grated nutmeg (i use 1/2 a fresh nut)
1/2 c milk
2 c cooked cooled rice (from the rice above)
1 c flour for dredging rolls, divided use
2 Tbsp butter (start with 2 & add more as needed for browning)
2 Tbsp vegetable oil (start with 2 & add more as needed for browning)
4 cups beef broth (mom used 4 boullion cubes to 4 cups water)
1/2 tsp white pepper
1/8 tsp freshly grated nutmeg (1/2 a fresh nut)
2 Tbsp brown sugar

Directions:
Core and remove outside leaves of cabbage. Place core side down in 2 inches of water in a pyrex bowl & cover with plastic wrap. Steam in the microwave until outer leaves are simi soft and peel them off a few at a time & keep steaming until all are done. (about 10 minutes)
Heat 4 qt saucepan over medium heat. Add butter and rice. Cook and stir for about 3 minutes. Add salt & water, bring to a boil, reduce heat, cover and simmer for 20 minutes (35 min for brown rice). Fluff with a fork and set aside. Remove 2 cups to cool while making filling. Serve the cabbage rolls over the remaining rice.
Heat oven to 350 degrees. In a large bowl, mix ground beef, onions, garlic and seasonings. Stir in milk and the 2 cups of the cooled rice last. Mix well and stuff cabbage leaves. Trim off hard core parts and starting at the widest end place a few tablespoons of filling. Roll up but don't fold ends in. Push the cabbage ends into the ends of the roll to make a belly button. This works great to hold them together when browning. Mom always used toothpicks and I almost swallowed one several times. I learned the belly button trick from my Hungarian aunt. : )
When done making rolls, heat butter & oil in large heavy skillet over medium heat. Dredge each roll in flour and pan fry until browned. Remove to large lasagna baking pan or 2 smaller pans sprayed with pan coating.
To make gravy, add a little more butter to the skillet if necessary to make a roux. Scrape up browned bits. Add 2 tablespoons of leftover dredging flour and cook & stir for 1 minute. Whisk in beef broth until it makes a very thin gravy. Add white pepper and nutmeg. Pour gravy over cabbage rolls and sprinkle brown sugar over top. Cover with HD foil and bake for 1 hour. Serve over remaining cooked rice. Enjoy!!

Submitter: 
Dee Stillwell
Description: 
This is a very different cabbage roll since it contains no tomatoes. My Mom had a few specialty dishes and this was one of them. She learned how to make cabbage rolls with a sweet & sour sauce from her Hungarian sister-in-law. My Pop didn't like that sauce or tomato sauce on them. She creaated her own recipe to please him and it was always his favorite dish she made. Mom & Pop are gone now so this dish lives on thru me. These are the ultimate in comfort food and I guantaree you will love them. My son & grandson don't like cabbage so I make some without cabbage...like meatballs & gravy. Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
1 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
