URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63204342/wisweetps-best-gumbo-ever/
Title:
wisweetp's Best Gumbo Ever Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 pounds shrimp, peeled and deveined (thawed, if frozen--and please...US only
2 tablespoons oil, divided
1 teaspoon Cajn seasoning
1 teaspoon smoked paprika
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 pound Andouille sausage, sliced
1 green bell pepper, chopped (size is your preference)
1 onion, chopped
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 pound okra, sliced (thawed, if frozen, but fresh is really better if you can get it)
1/3 cup all purpose flour
1/3 cup canola oil
6 cups chicken broth or stock
1 14 oz can crushed fire-roasted tomatoes
2 tablespoons cajun seasoning (I use Penzey's)
1 tablespoon smoked paprika
1 teaspoon red pepper or cayenne pepper (I use Penzey's Black and Red Pepper)
Salt to taste
Cooked rice (I like brown basmati)

Directions:
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large heavy pot over medium high heat(I use an enameled cast iron pot).
Add sausage and cook until browned.  Using slotted spoon, remove from pan and place in large bowl.
Add peppers and onions to pan, and cook until they soft and beginning to brown a bit.
Add galic and cook for 5 minutes.
Remove vegetable mixture from pan, and add to bowl with sausage.
Add okra to pan, and cook, stirring frequently, until okra is beginning to soften and brown.  Remove okra from pan, and add to bowl with vegetables and sausage.
Reduce heat to medium.
Add flour and oil to pan, and cook, stirring contantly, until mixture is past the the color of peanut butter (color of milk chocolate is even better).
Add sausage/vegetable mixture, chicken stock, and tomatoes to pan, and stir well.
Add Cajun seasoning, paprika, and red pepper.
Cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, for 30 minutes.
While the gumbo is cooking, toss together the shrimp with the remaining tablespoon of oil and the 1 teaspoon of Cajun seasoning and paprika and 1/2 teaspoon salt.  Cook on a preheated grill (I prefer charcoal) until shrimp is just done but beginning to brown a bit (about 2 minutes or so per side if your grill is high heat).
Serve gumbo over cooked rice and topped with shrimp.

Submitter: 
wisweetp
Description: 
I have been working on a gumbo recipe for several years now and have finally perfected it for our tastes.  It's a very simply gumbo with grilled shrimp as the difference.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
