URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63209980/spaghetti-squash-mediterranean-style/
Title:
Spaghetti Squash Mediterranean Style Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 Spaghetti Squash
1 Zucchini (diced)
1 Red Pepper (diced)
1 Small Ripe Tomato (finely chopped)
2 Spring Onions (finely chopped)
3 Cloves of Garlic (minced)
2 TBSP Olive Oil
3 4-oz Italian sausage links
4-6 oz. crumbled Mediteranean feta cheese
1TBSP Italian Seasoning
Parsley garnish (optional)
Sea Salt
Lemon Pepper

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Cut squash in half, length-wise and place cut side down on baking sheet.
Bake for 45 minutes and then turn over and cook for five minutes longer.
Remove squash from oven and with a fork, gently scrape the spaghetti-like flesh away from the skin and into a bowl.
While squash is baking, chop and mince onions, garlic, zucchinni, red pepper, and tomato as indicated above in ingredients.
Add 1 TBSP olive oil to a medium pan over medium heat and squeeze sausage links into the pan out of their casing.
Cook sausage, while stirring occassionally, until they are browned and crumbly, about 5 minutes.
Set sausage aside.
Heat a large saute pan with 1 TBSP olive oil and then add garlic and onions.
While stirring, cook until onions are soft and opaque.
Add red peppers, zucchini and Italian seasoning and stir fry another 5 to 10 minutes until vegetables are soft.
Add sqaush and the feta cheese to vegetables  and cook 3 minutes, stirring, until everything is mixed together and cheese is melty.
Next add sausage crumbles to mixture and toss gently.
Transfer to serving dish and add tomatoes.
Season to taste with sea salt and lemon pepper and  parsley(optional) and you are ready to serve!

Submitter: 
Jenny's Kitchen
Description: 
A fun way to make spaghetti squash the main event in this unique and filling dish
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
