URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63207170/pork-chops-with-pineapple-fried-rice/
Title:
Pork Chops with Pineapple Fried Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/830975.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 whole Pineapple, Cut Into Spears And Skewered
2 cups White Or Brown Rice, Cooked
6 whole Pork Chops
1 Tablespoon Butter
1 Tablespoon Peanut Oil Or Canola Oil
1 whole Large Onion, Sliced
6 Tablespoons Soy Sauce (more To Taste, Or If More Liquid Is Needed)
1 Tablespoon Rice Wine Vinegar
2 Tablespoons Honey
1 Tablespoon Sriracha, Or Other Hot Sauce
Salt To Taste
3 cloves Minced Garlic
2 whole Eggs
1 jar (small) Drained Pimentos
1-1/2 cup Frozen Peas
2 Tablespoons Soy Sauce (additional)

Directions:
Cook rice according to package instructions. Set aside.
Grill or saute pineapple spears until they have good marks/color on the outside. Slice, then set aside.
(Note: soak wooden skewers in water for a few hours first.)
Heat butter and oil over medium high heat, then add the pork chops to the pan. Saute on both sides until they have nice color.
Throw in the sliced onions and work them into the crevices between the chops. Shake the pan and move the onions around and let them cook for a good couple of minutes.
When the onions are starting to soften, add soy sauce, rice wine vinegar, honey, and hot sauce. Shake the pan, stir it around, and let it cook and bubble up for a good couple of minutes until the pork chops are completely cooked and the sauce is thicker. Remove the pork chops to a bowl, then let the sauce bubble up and cook for another 30 to 45 seconds. Pour it over the pork chops. Set aside.
Add a small amount of oil to the same pan (without cleaning it) and return it to the stovetop over medium-high heat. Add garlic and stir it around, then crack in the eggs and immediately stir them to scramble them a bit. Add peas, pimentos, and a couple of tablespoons (additional) soy sauce. Add cooked rice and stir it around to cook for a couple of minutes.
To serve, pile rice on a plate, then top with a pork chops and onions from the sauce. Drizzle a little bit of sauce over the top.

Submitter: 
Ursula Blakely
Description: 
Pioneer Woman
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
