URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63202763/sugar-crusted-vanilla-bean-bundt-cake/
Title:
Sugar Crusted Vanilla Bean Bundt Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/828431.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cups all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 1/4 sticks unsalted butter, softened
1 3/4 cups granulated sugar
2 vanilla beans, halved lengthwise
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
4 large eggs
1 cup buttermilk
1/4 cup Superfine Sugar
Pam With Flour

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Generously grease a bundt cake pan (you can either use butter or spray well with Pam Spray with Flour). Sprinkle the Superfine Sugar all along the sides and bottom of the pan, until evenly coated. Dump out any extra sugar and set aside.
Mix flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt.
Beat the butter and sugar until fluffy.
Scrape out all the seeds from the vanilla bean pods and add into the butter and sugar mixture, along with the vanilla extract. Beat untl the vanilla is well incorporated.
Add eggs, one at a time, beating well.
Using wooden spoon, add flour mixture and milk alternately a little at a time, beginning and ending with flour mixture, mixing until just combined.
Pour the batter evenly into the pan ans tap gently on the counter or stove top to eliminate air bubble. Sprinkle the remaining Superfine sugar over the batter (you may add more Superfine sugar to completely coat, if you wish.)
Bake 1 hour, or until the cake is golden brown and a toothpick inseted into the middle comes out clean.
Cool until cake is warm and then invert on to a rack or plate and let the cake cool completely before you remove the pan.

Submitter: 
Brandilynn7
Description: 
This cake is delicious plain or topped with fresh strawberries and whipped cream. The outside has a sugar crust, that turns golden brown and sparkles, while the center of the cake remains light and moist.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
