URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63207014/basic-homemade-ravioli-pasta/
Title:
Basic Homemade Ravioli & Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups White Flour
1/4 tsp Salt
2 Jumbo Eggs
1 tbl Milk
1 tbl Extra Virgin Olive Oil

Directions:
Thoroughly mix eggs, milk and olive oil in a bowl.  Pour flour out onto a clean counter or large cutting board,  and make a well in the center.   Gradually pour the egg mixture into the well and mix together with the flour, using a fork or fingers to form a ball of dough.
Flatten and knead dough on a floured surface, folding dough in half and pressing dough away from you with the heels of your hands.  Turn the dough a quarter turn and continue folding and kneading.  Repeat for approximately five minutes, or until the dough is smooth and elastic.  Add more flour to prevent sticking or to dry the ball, and add more milk as necessary to create a supple, malleable dough.  Wrap dough in plastic wrap and allow to rest at room temperature for 20 minutes.
Unwrap dough and cut in quarters or thirds, and on a floured surface use a lightly floured rolling pin to roll dough to a 1/16 of an inch oblong.  Throughout the process, gently flip the dough, apply flour as necessary  to prevent sticking, and continue to roll to an even thickness.
Using a 3 inch diameter cookie cutter, or a similar sized glass, press circle shapes and if necessary use a sharp knife to cut out the circles for your ravioli.
Fill ravioli with a tablespoon of your favorite filling (see my recipe for Mushroom Gorgonzola Ravioli Filling), fold in half and seal, and allow to dry for approximately 1-2 hours.  After drying, bring 10 cups of water to a gentle boil and cook for 6 minutes, or until ravioli float to the top and are al dente.

Submitter: 
joechip
Description: 
A simple but delicious recipe for homemade pasta dough.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
2-3 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
