URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63205814/cake-pops/
Title:
Cake Pops Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 boxed cake mix (or a 13 x 9 baked from scratch cake), any flavor
Eggs, Oil or butter and water as called for on package
1 container of frosting, any flavor (or homemade)
Melting Chocolate/melting candies
Cookie sticks
Decorator icings or sprinkles
A styrofoam block for cooling and holding the pops.

Directions:
Bake the cake according to instructions and let cool completely. Once the cake is cooled, break the cake into very small pieces/crumbs.  There should be no large chunks left.
Mix in frosting well to the cake until the mixture is sticky but not too smooth.  It should be more the consistency of uncooked cake than the consistency of the frosting.  Chill in refrigerator for at least 30 minutes.
When chilled, remove from refrigerator and roll into 1-1/2 inch balls and place on a cookie sheet or plate.  Melt a handful of the melting chocolate or candies for 20 seconds at a time until fully melted, stirring between each setting.  Once fully melted, dip the cookie sticks one at a time into the melted candy about 1/2 inch and press each one into a cake ball.  Chill until set (15 minutes or so.)
When you are ready to decorate each pop, melt the remaining chocolate/candy in a deep/narrow bowl for 20 seconds at a time until melted.  Dip each pop into the candy one at a time and swirl quickly, then remove.  Place in the styrofoam holder.  Once all have been dipped, decorate as desired.
Wrap in plastic wrap and tie with a ribbon if sharing.

Submitter: 
Miss Amy
Description: 
Everyone loves cake pops!  They are simple to make and you can create anything for any occasion. They are also nice small bits of dessert instead of those large pieces of cake or pie. Can be made up in partial batches and the remaining ingredients stored for a few weeks.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 hr. 30 m
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
NA
