URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63218481/simple-sour-cream-chocolate-cake/
Title:
Simple Sour Cream Chocolate Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups all-purpose flour
2 cups white sugar
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup sour cream
2 eggs
1 cup butter
2/3 cup water
5 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder
1/3 cup Creme de Mente
1 teaspoon peppermint extract
6 tablespoons milk
5 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder
1/2 cup butter
4 cups confectioners' sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 cup chopped walnuts (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 13 x 9 inch pan.
Combine the flour, sugar, baking soda and salt.  Beat in the sour cream and eggs.  Set aside.  Melt the butter on low in a saucepan, add the water and 5 tablespoons cocoa.  Bring mixture to a boil then remove from heat.  Allow to cool slightly, then stir cocoa mixture into the egg mixture, mixing until blended.  Add the Creme de Menthe and peppermint extract.
Pour batter into prepared pan.  Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean.
For the icing:  In a large saucepan, combine the milk, 5 tablespoons cocoa and 1/2 cup butter.  Bring to a boil, then remove from heat.  Stir in the confectioners' sugar and vanilla, then fold in the nuts, mixing until blended.  Spread frosting over warm cake.

Submitter: 
kirklandcook
Description: 
This recipe is a wonderful minty base for chocolate style poke cakes.  I used it (minus the icing) for a Creme De Menthe cake.  Use all water instead of any Creme De Menthe for a plain chocolate cake (omit the peppermint extract as well.)  It can be baked in a 10 x 15 pan for about 20 minutes if you prefer a sheet style cake.  If used as a poke cake, you would not make the icing.Modified from: Texas Sheet Cake V
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
60 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
