URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63218697/homemade-yogurt/
Title:
Homemade Yogurt Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/835571.jpg
Ingredients:
2 quarts Whole Milk
6 TBSP plain yogurt - the REAL stuff with acidophilous - read the container
2 tsp Vanilla

Directions:
Heat 2 qts milk in saucepan to 180 degrees over medium low heat. Stir occasionally, and try not to agitate the milk too much. This will take from 20- 45 minutes
Remove to cooling rack and cool to 112 degrees.
Use a clean coffee mug to remove about 1 cup of the warm milk from saucepan. Add about 6 T plain yogurt and mix thoroughly with fork or small whisk. Add this mixture back into your warm milk in saucepan.
Next, remove 3/4 cup of mixture and pour into a clean container. This is your starter for next time. It will go into the warm oven along with the rest of the yogurt.
* If you are making basic (not Greek yogurt) and like your yogurt sweetened, add 1/2 cup sugar to mixture in saucepan (optional: add about 2 tsp vanilla) and stir until dissolved.
Pour into clean jars or plastic containers.
Preheat oven to 200, then turn off.
Place yogurt in warm oven, turn on oven light, and leave overnight. Your yogurt will need around 8 hours to incubate.
In the morning, you will have fresh yogurt! Chill, then serve.
VARIATION: GREEK YOGURT
Basically, you're just thickening your fresh yogurt by taking the following steps. This can be done immediately after your yogurt has "set" (basically, with warm, fresh yogurt) or after it's been chilled.
Line a colander with cheesecloth and place over a bowl. Dump yogurt into cheesecloth, fold ends over yogurt to keep it from drying out, and stack the whole contraption in your fridge.
Let sit for about 5 hours, or until it's at your desired thickness. If the texture needs to be more smooth, whip with a mixer.  Place in jars for storage. If you desire to sweeten your yogurt, add honey or maple syrup, or any of your favorite sweeteners.

Submitter: 
Stephanie Wentzlaff
Description: 
If you think the amount of directions seems challenging, keep in mind that it only takes about 20 minutes of actual work in the kitchen to make a full batch of yogurt. My yogurt ends up being about .50/quart, compared to at least $3/quart at the store, so it is definitely worth your time. Remember, every batch of yogurt will turn out differently.  Sometimes your starter can get worn out and you will need to buy some new plain yogurt to replace it.  It is very important that you use plain yogurt, because any sweetener or fruit flavor will distort the flavor of your fresh batch.
Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
