URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63218109/easy-thai-sweet-chili-sauce/
Title:
Easy Thai Sweet Chili Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/835363.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup rice vinegar (or substitute white vinegar)
1/2 cup + 2 Tbsp. white sugar
1/4 cup water
3 Tbsp. fish sauce
2 Tbsp. sherry (or cooking sherry)
3 cloves garlic, minced
1/2 to 1 Tbsp. dried crushed chili (1 Tbsp. makes spicy-hot sauce)
1+1/2 Tbsp. cornstarch dissolved in 3-4 Tbsp. cool water

Directions:
Place all ingredients - except the cornstarch-water mixture - in a sauce pan or pot. Bring to a rolling boil.
Reduce heat to medium and let boil for 10 minutes, or until reduced by half. (Note that the vinegar will be quite pungent as it burns off. Generally, I find rice vinegar less strong than regular white vinegar).
Reduce heat to low and add the cornstarch-water mixture. Stir to incorporate and continue stirring occasionally until the sauce thickens (about 2 minutes).
Remove from heat and taste-test. You should taste "sweet" first, followed by sour, then spicy and salty notes. If the sauce isn't sweet enough, add a little more sugar. If not spicy enough, add more chili.
Pour sauce into a small bowl or jar and serve as a condiment with chicken, fish, and seafood, or as a dip with finger foods such as chicken wings, shrimp, or spring rolls. Also makes an excellent marinade for grilled chicken, fish, or seafood. ENJOY!

Submitter: 
Davena
Description: 
Instead of buying sweet chili sauce, try making this easy recipe! It only takes a few minutes to put together, and you can find everything you need for it in your pantry or at your local supermarket. Thai sweet chili sauce makes a superb condiment for many Thai dishes - excellent with chicken and fish as well as seafood. Also wonderful as a marinade for grilling or as a dip for finger foods.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 m
Ready in:
17 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
