URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63212593/white-bean-calzone/
Title:
white bean calzone Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 large fennel bulb with fronds
5 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, more as needed
1 large white onion, halved root to stem and thinly sliced
1 1/2 teaspoons fennel seed
3/4 teaspoon kosher salt, more as needed
1/4 teaspoon black pepper, more as needed
1 3/4 cups cooked white beans, from a can or homemade
1/2 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest
All-purpose flour, as needed
1 8-ounce ball pizza dough, homemade or purchased
1/2 teaspoon flaky sea salt
Lemon wedges, for serving.

Directions:
Remove the stems from the fennel bulb. Chop 2 tablespoons of fronds and save the remaining fronds for another use. Halve the bulb lengthwise, remove the core, and thinly slice each half.
Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add 3 tablespoons oil, fennel bulb, onion and fennel seed. Cook, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are very tender and caramelized, about 25 minutes. Season with 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt and 1/8 teaspoon pepper.
In a small bowl, mash the beans with 2 tablespoons oil, lemon zest, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/8 teaspoon pepper until they form a chunky purée.
Heat the oven to 500 degrees. Lightly oil a baking sheet.Lightly flour a work surface, and stretch or roll the dough into a 12-inch round. Spread the bean mixture on half of the dough, leaving a half-inch border. Top with the fennel-onion mixture and sprinkle with fennel fronds. Brush the edges of the dough with water, and fold dough in half, over filling; pinch the edges of the dough together to seal.
Transfer calzone to baking sheet. Brush the top with olive oil, and sprinkle with flaky salt. Bake until crust is golden brown and firm, 15 to 20 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes before serving with lemon wedges.

Submitter: 
Susie
Description: 
Crunchy crust with soft, sweet filling.  Really tasty! Use whole wheat crust recipe.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
