URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63212556/awesome-straw-hats/
Title:
Awesome Straw Hats Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound chicken breasts, boneless and skinless
1 pound lean ground beef, I use 97 percent lean ground beef
1/2 cup chopped onion, perhaps omit the onions if only kids are being served
1 pound cooked pulled pork, homemade is best and it shouldn’t be spicy *
1 package of taco seasoning, divided
15 ounce can of black beans
2 cups shredded cheddar cheese
Large bad of Fritos Scoops® corn chips
Tomatoes, diced
Black olives, sliced
Avocados, sliced
Lettuce, shredded, I use hearts of Romaine lettuce
Salsa
Sour cream
Catalina dressing

Directions:
Preheat an oven to 200°F.
Cut the chicken into strips then sauté them in a little olive oil till almost done. Add ½ of the taco seasoning, some water and simmer for 5 minutes. Remove from the skillet and place it on a warm plate, shred the chicken and cover with foil. Place it in the oven to hold warm.
Using the same skillet, sauté the ground beef and the onions over med-low heat till there’s only a bit of pink in the meat. Crumble the meat with a spatula as it cooks. Add the remaining ½ of the taco seasoning, some water and simmer for 5 minutes. Remove from the skillet and place it on a warm plate, cover with foil an place it in the oven to hold warm.
Warm up the pulled pork in a small pot over the stovetop. At the same time warm up the black beans in another small pot over the stovetop and hold warm.
Set up a taco bar type of arrangement with all of the meats in separate containers, the beans left in the pot and the rest of the ‘add on’ ingredients in their separate containers.
*See my recipe for pulled pork on this website. It’s called “Dale’s Pulled Pork”.

Submitter: 
Dale
Description: 
This is a fun meal for kids. You just set up a taco bar style assembly area and everyone serves themselves. My grand-kids used to get this at school lunches but only with ground beef and it was their favorite. My daughter uses this to serve at her kids’ birthday parties. The parents love these Straw Hats also, especially with the chicken and the pulled pork.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
