URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63211267/golumpkis-cabbage-rolls/
Title:
Golumpkis (Cabbage Rolls) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/832326.jpg
Ingredients:
1 head of cabbage
2 lbs ground beef
3 cups cooked instant white rice
3 eggs
1 medium onion, diced
1 cup beef broth
1/4 cup ketchup
1/4 tsp pepper
2 tsp. soy sauce
1 1/2 tsp. minced garlic
2 large (family size) cans of tomato soup
2 cans tomato juice

Directions:
Preheat oven to 300 degrees.
Cut as much of the middle core of the cabbage out of the head as you can.
Pleace cabbage in a stockpot of water and boil. When the water begins to boil, the cabbage leaves will start to wilt and come off. With a pair of tongs remove the cabbage leaves from the boiling as the wilt. Place in a strainer and run cool water over them. Shave off some of the thickest part of the cabbage leaf (the stem).
In a large bowl mix the beef, rice, ketchup, onion, beef broth, pepper, garlic, soy sauce, and eggs.
In a large roasting pan spread a half a can of tomato soup in the bottom and pour a half a can of tomato juice on top.
Take a handful of the beef and rice mixture and place in the center of a cabbage leaf. Fold the sides in and roll the leaf around the meat and rice mixture. Place in the roasting pan, on top of the tomato soup and juice. Continue this process, until all the meat is used up. You may make multiple layers, if your pan is small, but please note that it may take longer to cook.
When all of the cabbage rolls are made and in the roaster, spoon a full can of tomato soup evenly on top and then pour the full can of tomato juice on top of this. Place any extra cabbage on top (this will prevent the cabbage rolls from burning and the extra cooked cabbage can be eaten with the cabbage rolls.) Spoon the other half a can of tomato soup and pour the other half a can of tomato juice on top of the excess cabbage.
Cover and bake for 3 to 4 hours, until cabbage is very tender when poked with a fork.

Submitter: 
Brandilynn7
Description: 
My family makes these a few times a year with a recipe that has been passed down from my great-grandma to my grandma to my mom to me. None of us works off of a written recipe, we just learned the recipe by helping the older generations over the years. These are the best cabbage rolls and people beg to be invited to dinner when the family makes them. They taste great leftover, and the recipe makes so many, you will be sure to have plenty for lunches or another dinner. We serve our cabbage rolls with mashed potatoes and fresh bread.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
