URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63215429/summer-corn-pasta-salad/
Title:
Summer Corn Pasta Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/843874.jpg
Ingredients:
4 ears corn, shucked
5 tablespoons unsalted butter
2 small containers red grape tomatoes
1 small container yellow grape tomatoes or       equivalent. ( I actually think they are called something else not grape tomatoes)
2 cloves garlic, minced
Freshly ground pepper
1 cup white wine
12 ounces mini bow tie or Corkscrew pasta
1 cup chicken broth
1 small bunch scallions, thinly sliced
3/4 to 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, plus more for topping
Salt and pepper

Directions:
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the corn and cook until slightly tender, about 5 minutes. Remove with tongs, reserving the boiling water to cook the pasta in. Let the corn cool slightly, then cut off the kernels.
Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the tomatoes, 2 teaspoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper and cook until the tomatoes soften, about 4-6 minutes. Add the garlic and cook 2 more minutes. Add the wine and cook until reduced by half, about 8 minutes.
Meanwhile, cook the pasta in the corn water as the label directs. Drain the pasta,( I add a smidgen of olive oil and mix up to keep it from sticking.) Add the chicken broth and corn kernels to the skillet and bring to a simmer.
Add the pasta to the skillet; add the scallions, Parmesan, the remaining 3 tablespoons butter and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Top with more Parmesan and viola.

Submitter: 
Michelle English
Description: 
This is one of the best pasta salads i have ever had. Makes a wonderful summer salad. Everyone i have given this to always wants the recipe and when i took it to a annual work picnic, i went back about 10 after putting it out to get some and it was gone!! I mean not even a corn kernel left lol.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
50
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
