URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63218345/homemade-corn-dogs/
Title:
Homemade Corn Dogs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/835436.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup Corn Meal
1 cup All Purpose Flour (To make these Gluten-Free, use Bob Reds Mill Gluten-Free All Purpose Flour instead)
Pinch Salt
Pinch Fresh Ground Pepper
¼ cup Sugar
1 tablespoon Baking Powder
1 Egg, Lightly Beaten
1 cup Milk
1 tablespoon Honey
About 16 Regular-Sized Hot Dogs, Cut in half
½ Gallon Canola/Vegetable Oil, For Frying
About 16 Lollipop Sticks (Large Toothpicks work great too)

Directions:
Heat the oil in large pot, or dutch oven, until it reaches 375 degrees.  Also, preheat the oven to 250 degrees F.  Line a cooling rack with paper towels and place on top of a baking sheet.  Place the cooling rack next to pot of oil.
In a medium bowl, whisk together the cornmeal, all purpose flour, salt, pepper, sugar, and baking powder.  Make a well in the center and add the egg, milk, and honey.  Mix until all the ingredients are fully incorporated and the batter is smooth.
Roll the hot dogs on a paper towel in order to get rid of the excess water.  Place a lollipop stick in the center of the cut-end of each hot dog.  Grab one hot dog by the lollipop stick and carefully dip it into the batter, making sure to cover the hot dog completely.  Carefully lower it into the hot oil.  Repeat with 3 more dogs, that way you have 4 hot dogs in the hot oil at once.  Allow the corn dogs to cook until they turn a golden brown, about 4-5 minutes – Make sure you carefully turn the hot dogs so they cook evenly in the oil.
Using a slotted spoon, carefully remove 1 corn dog at a time and place on the paper towels.  Repeat frying the corn dogs, four at a time, until you run out of hot dogs or batter.  Once you have finished drying all the corn dogs, place the corn dogs in the oven to quickly warm them up.  Serve immediately, with ketchup and mustard for dipping.
These last up to 1 week in a sealed container in the refrigerator.  To heat them up place the corn dogs in the oven until they are warm inside and out.
*You can make these as normal, full-sized corn dogs by following the same method as above just not cutting the hot dogs in half.

Submitter: 
Sanderson32
Description: 
The batter takes 2 minutes to throw together and all you do is dip the hot dog in the batter and then place it in the hot oil to fry.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
