URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63223708/coconut-almond-cookies/
Title:
Coconut Almond Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/837582.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 c	butter, softened
1/2 c	vegetable shortening
3/4 c	sugar
1 tsp	almond extract
1 tsp	vanilla extract
1/4 tsp	salt
2 1/4 c	flour
1 c	coconut, sweetened flaked
1 c	semi-sweet chocolate chips

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350.
In a large mixing bowl, cream together butter, shortening, and sugar.
Add vanilla and almond extracts and salt to mixture.
Gradually add flour, and thoroughly mix.
Stir in coconut until well blended with mixture.
Scoop out heaping tablespoons and roll into balls. (Optional: The cookie dough can be refrigerated for an hour prior to rolling into balls for ease of preparation.) Place onto parchment paper one inch apart.
Using the bottom of a glass dipped in flour, press down each ball until 1/4 inch thick.
Bake for 10 minutes at 350 degrees. When baking is complete, remove from oven. Allow to remain on cookie sheet to cool for a couple of minutes so the cookies harden.
While the cookies are cooling, in a small microwavable dish, heat 1/2 cup of the chocolate chips for 30 seconds. Remove from microwave. Stir. Repeat until chocolate is completely melted. Repeat all of these steps for the other 1/2 cup of chocolate chips.
Pour chocolate into a sandwich size plastic bag. Cut a small hole at one corner. Holding the sandwich bag like a decorating icing bag, squeeze the chocolate out onto cookie by zig zagging the chocolate across the top of each cookie (leave the cookies on parchment paper for easy cleanup). This can be done while the cookies are still hot.
Move cookies to cooling rack. Allow chocolate to harden. The hardening of the chocolate can be sped up by placing in the refrigerator for a few minutes.

Submitter: 
donnam
Description: 
I have four daughters, and my family has a big love of a certain candy bar. I was inspired to create a cookie that would satisfy the cravings! The result is a light and airy cookie that's crisp, packed with flavor, and addicting! It's hard to stop at one. You can switch out the semi-sweet chocolate with your favorite chocolate flavor or just leave the chocolate off altogether. Don't be fooled by the small amount of chocolate because this cookie packs a lot of flavor. These are super easy to make.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
22
Nutritional Facts:
NA
