URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63226276/penne-with-roasted-vegetables-and-prosciutto/
Title:
Penne with Roasted Vegetables and Prosciutto Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Salt
1 pound penne pasta
Vegetables:
Vegetable oil cooking spray
2 large zucchini, ends trimmed, cut in half lengthwise and then crosswise into 1-inch half-moon pieces (about 12 ounces)
3 medium summer squash, ends trimmed, cut in half lengthwise and then crosswise into 1-inch half-moon pieces (about 12 ounces)
1/2 small cauliflower, cut into 1/2-inch pieces (about 2 cups)
2 medium carrots, diced into 1/2-inch pieces
2 cloves garlic, roughly chopped
3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
Vinaigrette:
1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil
2 tablespoons red wine vinegar
1 tablespoon Dijon mustard
2 teaspoons honey or agave
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
8 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto, coarsely chopped
3/4 cup grated Parmesan

Directions:
Directions
For the pasta: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, 8 to 10 minutes. Place the pasta in a large serving bowl.
For the vegetables: Place an oven rack in the upper third of the oven. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Spray a heavy baking sheet with vegetable oil cooking spray. Arrange the zucchini, summer squash, cauliflower, carrots and garlic in a single layer. Drizzle with the olive oil and bake until light golden and tender, 20 minutes. Sprinkle with the salt and pepper.
For the vinaigrette: Whisk together the oil, vinegar, mustard, honey, salt and pepper in a small bowl until smooth.
To assemble: Add the vegetables, vinaigrette, prosciutto and Parmesan to the cooked pasta. Toss until coated, and season with salt and pepper.

Submitter: 
Gina Lee Lafreniere
Description: 
Penne with Roasted Vegetables and Prosciutto
Recipe courtesy Giada De Laurentiis

Show: Giada at HomeEpisode: Backyard Campout
food network 5-20-2012
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
55 min
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
