URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63229002/creamy-jasmine-and-rice-milk-rice-pudding/
Title:
Creamy Jasmine and Rice Milk Rice Pudding Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup uncooked Jasmine rice
2 cups rice milk, divided
1/4 cup white sugar
1/8 teaspoon salt -- just a few sprinkles
1 egg, beaten
1/2 cup raisins -- remove stems if you like, adjust amount as preferred
1 tablespoon vegan butter -- Earth Balance is what I use
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract -- gluten free variety

Directions:
Rinse jasmine rice once. Use a small-holed sieve under running water.
Mix jasmine rice and 2 cups water in a large saucepan. Bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer for 20 minutes.
Or, use a rice cooker, and remove the rice when it is done.
Remove stems from raisins if preferred, and soak in warm water for a few minutes. Drain the water when ready to use.
In a large saucepan, combine the cooked rice, 1 1/2 cups rice milk, and salt.
Cook over low heat, stirring frequently, until thick and creamy, 15 to 20 minutes.
Stir in the sugar, the remaining 1/2 cup rice milk, beaten egg, and the drained raisins.
Cook 2 to 4 minutes more, increasing heat to medium to cook the egg well, stirring constantly.
Add the vegan butter toward the end to help it melt: usually taken straight from the refrigerator.
Remove from heat.
Stir in the vanilla.
Put into pudding cups or small cups while warm so the mixture cools faster.
Refrigerate before the pudding reaches room temperature: refrigerate as soon as you can

Submitter: 
ZENNA
Description: 
Jasmine rice (cooked in a rice cooker is easy) is then cooked in a saucepan on the stove top with rice milk, sugar, raisins, and one egg. Vegan butter and vanilla are added at the end to the creamy rice mix.
The rice was so creamy before I added the egg, I will try this recipe with no egg the next time.
I would use a clean pan to make the pudding if cooking the rice in a pan vs. in a rice cooker: the rice can stick or char when cooked, and I don't want crusty things in my pudding!Modified from: Creamy Rice Pudding
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
