URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63223612/crab-stuffed-flounder-uncle-bubba/
Title:
Crab Stuffed Flounder Uncle Bubba Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 (10-ounce) flounder fillets
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper
Uncle Bubba's Crab Cake Mix, recipe follows
1/2 teaspoon paprika
Cooking spray
1 (1-inch) slice Crab Butter, recipe follows
Fresh parsley, for garnish

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.
Sprinkle flounder with salt and pepper. Using a fillet knife, carefully open the flounder by cutting along the left and right sides of the seam down the middle of the fish to make pockets. Lay the cut sides back.
Stuff the flounder with the Crab Cake Mix, and press the sides down to cover the filling. Sprinkle with paprika.
Crab Cake Mix:
Recipe courtesy Uncle Bubba
1 1/2 tablespoons butter
3 green onions, green tops, thinly sliced
1 clove garlic, minced
1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley leaves
1 small green pepper, finely chopped
1 egg
1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1/8 teaspoon garlic powder
3 tablespoons heavy cream
1 1/2 tablespoons spicy mustard
1/2 lemon, juiced
2 tablespoons mayonnaise
10 saltine crackers, crumbled medium to fine
1/2 pound lump crabmeat, picked clean of shells
1/2 pound claw crabmeat, picked clean of shells
Salt and freshly ground black pepper
In a medium skillet, melt the butter and saute the onions, garlic, parsley and peppers until soft. Let cool.
In a mixing bowl, combine the egg, cayenne pepper, garlic powder, heavy cream, mustard, lemon juice and mayonnaise together. Gently mix in the saltine crackers and crabmeat. Add salt and pepper, if needed. Set aside to stuff in flounder.
Coat a glass baking dish with cooking spray. Place the fish in the dish and bake for 20 minutes. Without removing the dish from the oven, turn the oven to broil and broil for 5 additional minutes. When the fish is done, remove it from the oven. Slice a medallion of crab butter and place it on top of the grilled fish. Sprinkle fresh parsley on top for added color.

Submitter: 
Gina Lee Lafreniere
Description: 
Crab Stuffed Flounder
Recipe courtesy Uncle Bubba

Show: Paula's Best DishesEpisode: Seafood Shack
food network 5-23-2012
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
