URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63225843/red-lentil-curry-ii/
Title:
Red Lentil Curry II Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cups red lentils, uncooked
1 large onion, diced
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
2 tablespoons curry paste (Patak's mild or hot)
1 1/2 tablespoon Indian curry powder
1 1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric
1 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin (cumin seeds, if you have them)
1 1/2 teaspoon chili powder (Indian not American)
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon minced garlic
1 teaspoon ginger root, minced
1 (14.25 ounce) can diced tomatoes
4 oz. canned tomato sauce
Cilantro to garnish
Cooked rice, optional

Directions:
Wash the lentils in cold water until the water runs clear (this is very important or the lentils will get "scummy"), put the lentils in a pot with water to cover and simmer covered until lentils tender (add more water if necessary), 10-20 min.
While the lentils are cooking: In a large skillet or saucepan, caramelize the onions in vegetable oil.
While the onions are cooking, combine the curry powder, turmeric, cumin, chili powder, and salt, in a mixing bowl. Mix well. When the onions are cooked, push to onions aside and add dry spices.  Cook over a high heat stirring constantly for 1 to 2 minutes, until the spices are fragrant.  Add the curry paste, garlic and ginger.
Stir in the tomatoes and tomato sauce and reduce heat, allow the curry base to simmer until the lentils are ready.
When the lentils are tender drain them briefly (they should have absorbed most of the water but you don't want the curry to be too sloppy). Mix the curry base into the lentils and serve immediately.
Serve over rice, if desired.  Garnish with cilantro.

Submitter: 
nascarrunner71
Description: 
The original recipe was wonderful, but the second time I followed a few tips from the reviews and it modifies the tastes enough to warrant a modification.

Don't skimp on the curry paste, chili powder or curry powder.  They are worth the investment.  (Check all the other spices in your spice cabinet and make sure they are not more than a year old.  Spice is everything in this recipe).  

Also, my lentils cooked quickly, so if you don't have everything set out in advance, consider starting the onions first.

My local Indian restaurant would call this medium.Modified from: Red Lentil Curry
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
