URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63239533/fancy-poached-eggs/
Title:
Fancy Poached Eggs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 fresh eggs
1 Tbsp. butter, divided
1 tsp. dried minced onion
1/2 tsp. dried rosemary
1/4 tsp. dried thyme
1/4 tsp. dried oregano
1/8 tsp. garlic powder
1/8 tsp. salt
1/8 tsp. pepper
4 slices bread, toasted
2 Tbsps. Cheddar Cheese, grated
2 Tbsps. Parmesan Cheese, grated
2 Tbsps. Provolone Cheese, grated

Directions:
Equipment required -- an egg poaching pan with poaching cups.
While bringing water to a boil in the poaching pan crush the rosemary and grate cheeses onto wax paper, keeping them separate.  Reduce heat to medium.  Melt 1/4 Tbsp. butter in each of four poaching cups.  Crack and add one egg to each cup.  Sprinkle the minced onion, rosemary, thyme, oregano, garlic powder, salt, and pepper over each egg equally.  Cover pan.
After the eggs have cooked for three minutes test eggs for near-desired doneness by gently pressing a fork or spoon on the yolk.  The firmness of the yolk is your preference.  Sprinkle a little of each of the grated cheeses over the eggs when they are nearly done.  Replace the cover and cook an additional minute or until eggs are done and the cheese has melted.  Slide the eggs out of the cups onto the toast so the cheese is face up.  Top with more cheese if desired.  Serve immediately.
Experiment with different types or ratios of herbs, spices, and cheeses to suit your palate.  I sometimes use mozzarella, feta, or other cheeses in lieu of one or more of the cheeses in the recipe in addition to changing the herbs and spices.  English Muffins (split and toasted) work as well as regular toast, maybe better.  Cut the eggs / toast into quarters if served for a party.  Put four toothpicks into eggs / toast BEFORE cutting.  This makes the dish more like finger food.  Use a warming tray for parties.

Submitter: 
jeyeiter
Description: 
We served this most recently at our Brunch Bunch Pajama Party and all enjoyed it.  It’s excellent while providing variety from the usual breakfast fare.  The recipe was created after being served something similar while at a Bed and Breakfast in the Texas Hill Country.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
