URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63239893/vietnamese-spring-rolls/
Title:
Vietnamese Spring Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/844780.jpg
Ingredients:
Vietnamese Spring Rolls:
1 lb. pork chops (prefer darker meat)
1 lb. raw shrimp, peeled, de-veined
double batch of nuoc cham (one for each meat)
~30 10-inch diameter spring roll wrappers (rice, tapioca, etc.)
1 lb. fresh mung bean sprouts
1 red bell pepper, cored and sliced thin
1 large English cucumber, cut into thin strips
large bunch of fresh herbs (mint, cilantro, Thai basil, regular basil), washed
large bunch of fresh lettuce leaves, washed
hoisin peanut dipping sauce
warm water in a large shallow bowl (large enough to accommodate a spring roll wrapper)
Hoisin peanut dipping sauce:
8 oz hoisin sauce
1/4 cup smooth peanut butter
1 tbsp rice vinegar
2 cloves garlic, crushed (I crush it into a paste)
1 tsp chili-garlic paste or 1 minced thai chili, to taste
warm water
Nuoc Cham marinade:
2 limes, juice of
2 tbsps brown sugar
4 tbsps fish sauce (I like Three Crabs brand)
8 cloves garlic, minced
chile-garlic paste to taste (or finely sliced hot chiles)

Directions:
For marinade, whisk all ingredients until sugar is dissolved, and set aside.
For dipping sauce, mix all ingredients together until combined. If sauce is too thick, add hot water and mix in until you achieve desired consistency.
Marinate the pork chops in a plastic bag with a batch of nuoc cham for a couple of hours. Marinate the peeled shrimp in a
ziploc bag with a batch of nuoc cham for an hour. Wipe metal skewers with vegetable oil (or soak bamboo skewers in water
for 30 minutes) and skewer the shrimp lengthwise to keep them straight. Grill the pork on high heat for 1.5 minutes per side
then cook over indirect heat (someplace on the grill with no flame under it - i.e. shut off one side) and cover. Cook for 4-7
minutes per side until an internal temperature of 145° to 150°F.* Let the pork rest for 5 minutes before slicing. Grill the
shrimp skewers on high heat for a minute or two. Flip and grill another minute or two until done.
Assemble the spring rolls by dipping one spring roll sheet into a shallow bowl of warm water for a second or two and setting
it flat on your plate. Layer lettuce, herbs, vegetables, and meat in a small strip about 1/3 of the way from the edge nearest
you. Roll from the edge nearest you and tuck in the sides as you go if you wish. Roll tightly, but not so tightly that you tear
the wrapper. Dip in the hoisin peanut dipping sauce and eat!

Submitter: 
Sanderson32
Description: 
Awesome fresh spring rolls with peanut dip.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
