URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63239927/coquito-traditional-puerto-rican-holiday-drink/
Title:
Coquito (Traditional Puerto Rican Holiday Drink) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/844785.jpg
Ingredients:
4 cups water
2 cups of white rum (optional)
2 (3 inch) cinnamon sticks
10 whole cloves
2 cans of unsweeted evaporated milk
2 cans of sweeten evaporated milk
1 teaspoon anise seeds
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 slice of fresh ginger
1 slice of sugar cane (optional)
1 coconut (with coconut milk inside)

Directions:
Extract coconut milk from inside coconut and drain into a container.
Peel brown skin off coconut.  Take a large coconut piece and grate it to equal about 1/2 to 1 cup worth of fresh coconut shavings.
For fresh coconut milk, combine 3 cups of water and grated coconut and place in a medium size pot over medium-high heat.  Once it has boil, cover, and set aside to steep for 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, for the spice tea, combine 1 cup of water, the extracted coconut milk, and 1 cup of rum (optional).  Place in a medium size pot over medium-high heat.  Add the cinnamon sticks, cloves, anise seeds, ginger, and sugar cane (optional).  Once it has boil, cover, and set aside to steep for 15 minutes.
Strain the freshly made coconut milk through a fine mesh sieve to remove the coconut shavings.  It’s okay if some of the shavings come through.
In a medium size pot over medium-high heat, combine the fresh coconut milk, 2 cans of unsweetened evaporated milk, and 1 can of sweeten evaporated milk .  Add the sweeten evaporated milk slowly and taste often for desired sweetness.  Stir often until it has come to a boil.  Cover and set aside for 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, strain the spice tea with a fine mesh sieve.
Combine your milk mixture, spice tea, 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract, and 2 oz of fresh coconut shavings (optional).  Stir.  Taste for sweetness (do not use regular sugar, use sweeten evaporated milk).
Pour mixture into a glass bottle or pitcher. Let it sit until cool.  Taste for rum.  If you like it with more of a kick to it add ½ to 1 cup of white rum.
Place in the refrigerator for two hours.
Note:  Must keep refrigerated.  This can be made with/without rum.

Submitter: 
Nande
Description: 
This is a Puerto Rican traditional Christmas drink, but without the eggs.  This is a very traditional/old fashion family recipe.  I hope you enjoy it!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
