URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63236174/tiramisu/
Title:
Tiramisu Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Topping
1 cup whipping cream
2 teaspoons sugar
2 tablespoons coffee liqueur
chocolate shavings and cocoa powder, for garnish
Cream Filling
1 cup whipping cream
1 tablespoon vanilla extract
5 egg yolk
1/2 cup sugar
1/3 cup Marsala wine
2 cups mascarpone cheese
Ladyfinger Base
1 1/2 cups coffee
1/4 cup rum
5 tablespoons sugar
1 package ladyfinger biscuits
1/2 cup grated chocolate

Directions:
Topping
Whip cream to soft peaks and stir in sugar and coffee liqueur. Chill until ready to assemble.
Cream Filling
Whip cream to soft peaks and stir in vanilla extract. Chill.
Place a pot with 2 inches of water on medium heat and bring to a simmer. In a metal or glass bowl, whisk together egg yolks, sugar and Marsala wine. Place over the pot of simmering water and whisking constantly until mixture has doubled and holds a ribbon design on itself when you lift the whisk. Remove from heat.
Whisk in mascarpone cheese and if still warm, chill until at least room temperature. Fold in vanilla whipped cream. Set aside until ready to assemble.
Ladyfinger Base
Mix coffee, rum and sugar until sugar has dissolved.
To Assemble
Dip ladyfingers in the coffee soaking liquid, just for a moment, to let it soak up the coffee (but not get soggy). Line the bottom of a trifle bowl, or decorative casserole dish completely with the soaked ladyfingers.
Spread a half of the Cream Filling over the ladyfingers and sprinkle with grated chocolate.
Repeat Steps 1 and 2. (If your trifle dish is quite tall, repeat Steps 1 & 2 again, using a third of the cream filling each time).
Spread whipped cream topping over Tiramisu, dust with cocoa powder and sprinkle with grated chocolate.

Submitter: 
TLF
Description: 
A trifle like this was made for serving a crowd. I favour a tiramisu that is not too sweet, so this recipe truly is a “pick-me-up” as the translation goes! Tiramisu can be made a day ahead of time and topped with its spiked whipped cream the day it is to be served.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
