URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63236631/baked-salmon-in-honey-ginger-sauce/
Title:
Baked Salmon in Honey Ginger Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2-3 salmon fillets or steaks
4 Tbsp. hoisin sauce (I used Lee Kum Kee Hoisin Sauce)
4 Tbsp. soy sauce
2 Tbsp.fish sauce
2 Tbsp. fresh lime juice
1 Tbsp. liquid honey
1/2 to 1 tsp. chili flakes, to taste (for sensitive stomachs, reduce to a pinch)
3-4 cloves garlic, minced
1 Tbsp. grated galangal OR ginger
2-3 green onions, finely sliced or chopped

Directions:
Briefly rinse salmon fillets or steaks under cool water. Shake off excess or pat dry and place pieces in a flat-bottomed baking dish (you will need a lid or foil to cover it).
In a separate bowl or container, combine the hoisin sauce, soy sauce, lime juice, honey, and chili flakes. Stir well to dissolve the honey. Add the ginger, garlic, and white parts of the green onion (save the green parts for serving).
Taste-test this mixture for spice, adding more chili if desired. If you'd like it sweeter, add 1/2 Tbsp. more honey; if too sweet for your taste, add a little more lime juice.
Pour over the salmon, turning pieces in the sauce to saturate. Cover and allow to marinate in your refrigerator at least 30 minutes or longer. When getting close to your desired cooking time, preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Spoon a little more sauce over each piece, then recover and bake at 350 degrees 20 minutes, or until sauce is lightly bubbling and salmon has firmed up (inner flesh turns from translucent to opaque when nicely cooked). If undercooked, cover and return salmon to oven for another 5 to 10 minutes.
Remove from oven and taste-test the sauce, looking for the following flavors: sweet followed by sour, then spicy-salty. If too sweet or too salty for your taste, add 1-2 more Tbsp. lime or lemon juice. If not sweet enough, add a little more honey. More chili can also be added. Stir well after each addition.
Serve salmon with some of the sauce spooned over each piece, topping with a sprinkling of reserved green onion. I like to serve this dish at the table so we can each spoon up as much sauce as we like (it's delicious over rice or even potatoes!). ENJOY.

Submitter: 
Ursula Blakely
Description: 
About Thai.com
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
