URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63236759/pico-de-gallo/
Title:
Pico de Gallo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/843311.jpg
Ingredients:
3 medium Roma tomatoes
1 smallish jalapeno pepper
1/2 small onion (white onions are traditional, but I love the color and flavor of red onions)
Juice of 1/2- 1 lime, to taste
1/4 cup chopped cilantro
Kosher salt, to taste

Directions:
Cut ends off tomatoes and then slice in half lengthwise. Under running water, gently run your finger under the membrane that contains the seeds. It’s okay if some seeds get in there, but if you have all of them, it’s going to get a little sloppy. Cut into small chunks. If you look at my pictures, I actually cut my tomatoes a little bigger than I really wanted them. I’m learning to let the little things go…Place in a small serving or mixing bowl or a really large cereal-type bowl.
Finely dice the onion. No one wants giant chunks of raw onion. Well, maybe some people out there do, but I don’t know any of them personally. Toss with the tomato mixture.
Finely chop the jalapeno, removing the seeds if desired (the seeds contain the majority of the heat, although the flesh is still pretty hot). I’m a pansy and absolutely don’t ever add seeds, but some of you are way braver than me, so this is totally up to you. Toss with the tomatoes and onions.
Add the fresh-squeezed juice of 1/2 of the lime. Taste. If you want to walk on the limey side, add a little more. I like to go easy on the heat and heavy on the lime, but I’m sure there are others out there who are the opposite.
Add your giant pinch of cilantro. Combine well. Add a generous sprinkling of Kosher salt, taste, and add more if desired. This is best if it stands for a few hours before you serve it, but it also may (okay, will) get a little wet in the bottom of the bowl, so you might want to strain it before serving it.

Submitter: 
The Wallace Clan
Description: 
Delicious when served with a southwestern cobb salad.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
