URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63234076/sesame-asian-tofu-stir-fry/
Title:
Sesame Asian Tofu Stir-Fry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 tsp garlic powder
1/4 tsp onion powder
6 tablespoons soy sauce
4 tablespoons rice vinegar
1 tablespoon Sriracha chili sauce
3 tablespoons honey
8 ounces extra-firm tofu, cut into 1/4-inch cubes
1/2 (14 ounce) box Whole Wheat Spaghetti
1 tsp sesame oil
1 Tbsp peanut oil
1 Tbsp chopped fresh ginger
2 cloves garlic, chopped
8 ounces bean sprouts
8 ounces shredded carrots
1 green bell pepper, thinly sliced
8 green onions, halved lengthwise
1 Tbsp sesame seeds

Directions:
Mix garlic powder, onion powder, soy sauce, rice vinegar, chili sauce, and honey in a bowl until incorporated.  Stir the tofu into the sauce. Cover and let marinate in fridge at least an hour.
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat. Once the water is boiling, stir in the spaghetti, and return to a boil. Cook the pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the pasta has cooked through, but is still firm to the bite, about 9-10 minutes. Drain well in a colander set in the sink.
Heat the sesame oil on medium heat in clean wok or large skillet; saute garlic and ginger until garlic just begins to change color.  Stir in the bean sprouts, carrots, green pepper, and green onions until the vegetables are bright in color and slightly wilted, about 5 minutes. Pour in the tofu with sauce and reduce heat to a simmer for 1-2 minutes before adding the pasta.

Submitter: 
JoeTheBaker
Description: 
A bright stir-fry of tofu, shredded carrots, bean sprouts, and thinly sliced green onions is served in a sweet tangy sauce with whole wheat spaghetti instead of rice. Sesame oil adds its nutty, savory flavor.Modified from: Sesame Asian Tofu Stir-Fry
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
