URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63235076/pan-seared-marinated-pork-cutlets-with-a-parmesan-garlic-crust/
Title:
Pan-Seared Marinated Pork Cutlets with a Parmesan-Garlic Crust Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb of pork tenderloin cutlets (thin cut)
3 tablespoons of olive oil
1/4 cup lemon juice
2 teaspoons of Italian Seasoning
1 teaspoon of kosher salt
1/2 teaspoon of ground black pepper
1 tablespoon of canola oil
For the crust:
1/4 cup of plain breadcrumbs
1/4 cup of grated parmesan cheese
2 cloves of garlic, chopped (more if you want a stronger garlic flavor)
1 tablespoon of olive oil
For the garnish:
sprigs of Italian parsley

Directions:
In a large dish or heavy duty plastic zip bag, combine the olive oil, lemon juice, Italian Seasoning, kosher salt, and ground black pepper.  Add the pork cutlets and turn to coat well.  Marinate in the refrigerator for four to eight hours.
When you are ready to cook, prepare the crust by mixing the bread crumbs, parmesan cheese, garlic, and olive oil in a small bowl.  Set aside.
Preheat the broiler to high.  Place an oven rack 5 inches from the broiler.
Heat the canola oil in a heavy bottomed, oven safe, large skillet over medium high heat.  (Cast iron works great here.)  Add the cutlets (reserve the marinade) and sear on one side for about two minutes.  Flip them over, add the rest of the marinade, and cook for an additional minute over high heat.
Using a small spoon, sprinkle the crust mixture evenly over the cutlets.  Transfer the pan to the oven  rack and broil for one to three minutes, until the crust is crisp and golden.
Garnish and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
toastyfrenchy
Description: 
Quick-cooking pork cutlets in a lemony marinade are topped off with a flavorful crust.  Easy and quick enough for a weeknight, fancy and flavorful enough for company!  Its Italianate flavors go well over a bed of your favorite pasta, or alongside a classic panzanella (bread salad) with fresh, seasonal tomatoes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
4 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
