URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63237804/mini-lemon-cup-candies/
Title:
mini lemon cup candies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/843815.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups (12-oz. pkg.) NESTLÉ® TOLL HOUSE® Premier White Morsels, divided
2 tablespoons plus 1 1/2 teaspoons  light corn syrup
42 1-inch paper liners
Rind of 1 lemon, grated
1 to 2 drops of yellow food coloring (optional)
Powdered sugar for kneading
2 teaspoons vegetable oil
Yellow decorator sugar

Directions:
MELT 1 cup morsels in small, uncovered, microwave-safe bowl on MEDIUM-HIGH (70%) power for 1 minute; STIR. Morsels may retain some of their shape. If necessary, microwave at additional 10- to 15-second intervals, stirring just until melted, as shown above.
Add corn syrup; stir until well combined. Mixture will be a little grainy. Gather up and form a ball as shown above. Wrap with plastic wrap and let stand for at least 1 hour or until cool. Do not skip this step!
PLACE paper liners on baking sheet.
KNEAD mixture, lemon peel and 1 to 2 drops food coloring on work surface lightly dusted with powdered sugar until zest and color are worked through and mixture is smooth. Plastic gloves can be worn to prevent food coloring from dying hands.
Shape into forty-two 3/4-inch balls and flatten slightly. Place one in each liner as shown above. Keep covered with plastic wrap to prevent drying.
MELT remaining morsels and vegetable oil in small, uncovered, microwave-safe bowl on MEDIUM-HIGH (70%) power for 1 minute; STIR. Morsels may retain some of their shape. If necessary, microwave at additional 10- to 15-second intervals, stirring just until melted.
Spoon 1/2 measuring teaspoon of melted morsels onto each filling as shown above.
Sprinkle lightly with sugar. Refrigerate for 20 minutes or until firm. Store in covered container in refrigerator.

Submitter: 
Gregg Hollander
Description: 
This “pucker up” fruit is packed with flavor inside and out. Lemon juice or zest adds a spark of flavor to many sweet or savory recipes and drinks. Refreshing and simple, just a thin slice of fresh lemon transforms an ordinary glass of water to another level. I would have to say the same for these Mini Lemon Cup Candies, but all you need is some lemon rind. These bite-size candies are perfect for a shower or a day that needs some sunshine!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
75 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
42
Nutritional Facts:
NA
