URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63243455/broiled-fish-with-shrimp-and-jalapeno-smoked-corn-beurre-blanc/
Title:
Broiled Fish with Shrimp and Jalapeno-smoked Corn Beurre Blanc Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup unsalted butter, softened
3 tablespoons seeded fresh jalepeno peppers, finely chopped
1/2 cup smoked corn kernels
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon white vinegar
2 to 3 drops hot red pepper sauce
1 pinch ground white pepper
4 (7-ounce) fish fillets, about 1/2-inch thick (recommended: sheepshead, redfish, striped bass)
4 teaspoons seafood seasoning
4 tablespoons clarified butter
1 cup seafood stock (or water)
12 large shrimp, peeled and deveined with the tail left on
2 tablespoons finely minced shallots
1/2 cup white wine (recommended: Sauvignon Blanc or Chardonnay)

Directions:
Preheat the broiler.
To make the Jalapeno-smoked corn butter: In a food processor, add the softened butter, jalepenos, smoked corn, salt, vinegar, hot red pepper sauce, and white pepper. Process until fully blended. Turn the machine off occasionally and scrape the sides of the processor bowl with a rubber spatula to insure that the ingredients are fully blended. Transfer the corn butter to a small bowl and refrigerate.
Season each fish fillet on both sides with the seafood seasoning. Season lightly and evenly. Place the fish fillets on a shallow baking pan and drizzle the top of each fillet with about 1 tablespoon of clarified butter. Add the seafood stock (or water) to the pan. Use just enough liquid to cover the bottom of the pan. Place the fish under the broiler and cook until done, 6 to 8 minutes. While the fish is cooking, make the sauce.
Heat 2 more tablespoons of the butter in a skillet over medium-high heat. Add the shrimp and cook, stirring constantly, just until the outside of the shrimp turns pink, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the shallots and cook, stirring constantly, for 20 to 30 seconds. Remove the skillet from the stove and carefully add the wine. Return the skillet to the stove and bring the mixture to a boil. Reduce heat to low. Add the smoked corn butter in small spoonfuls and cook, shaking the skillet constantly, just until the butter melts into the sauce. Remove from heat. To serve, place 1 fish fillet on each plate. Top each fillet with 3 shrimp and about 1/4 cup of sauce. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
goodeats
Description: 
Recipe courtesy Brigtsen's Restaurant, New Orleans
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40
Ready in:
55
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
