URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63247311/steak-tartare/
Title:
Steak Tartare Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/848265.jpg
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons frehly minced shallots
2 tablespoons minced capers
2 egg yolks (or 4 quail egg yolks, if making appetizer sized)
1lb very fresh beef tenderloin or sirloin
2 tablespoons qulaity extra virgin olive oil
1/4 teaspoon fine sea salt
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
a dozen slices of finely sliced Parmaggiano Reggiano cheese
to serve alongside:
French Dijon mustard
tabasco
salt
pepper
sliced baguette

Directions:
First do all the prep, that includes mincing the shallots and capers, getting all your accompaniments on the table (mustard, tabasco etc) and slicing your baguette. This recipe should be done "ala minute", meaning right before you serve it, until then leave your meat and eggs in the fridge.
Five minutes before you are ready to eat, Remove the meat to a clean cutting board. Trim any suspect edges and discard. With a very sharp knife cut the meat into approximetly 3/4 cm cubes. Place in a clean bowl and toss with the olive oil and small amount of salt and pepper. Taste it to make sure it is lightly and appropriately seasoned.
For two people, divide in half and arrange each in a round small mound on a plate, forming a light intentation in the center for the egg yolk. Divide the shallots and capers in half as well and top each portion of meat with the shallots and capers. Using very fresh eggs, seperate the egg yolks from the whites, and set aside the white to use for another purpose, place one yolk on the top of each portion of meat and top with freshly ground pepper. If using cheese, surround the meat with cheese. Serve each portion with a good amount of baguette.
For four people, follow the same instructions above, except divide the meat in four, the shallots & capers in four, and plate with quails yolks instead of whole yolks.

Submitter: 
Sanderson32
Description: 
It is of extreme importance when making steak tartare at home you use very fresh eggs and very fresh meat. Tell your butcher that you intend to serve it raw, and don’t just buy something that has been vacum packed at the supermarket. This is a very big portion for two people, so you could easily feed 3 or 4 people with this amount of meat, especially if you are serving it as an appetizer.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
