URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63249102/southwestern-stuffed-tomatoes/
Title:
Southwestern Stuffed Tomatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/849174.jpg
Ingredients:
1 c brown rice
1 c water
6 fist-sized tomatoes
1 large green bell pepper
1 shallot
1 small jalapeno pepper
1 1/2 c frozen cut corn
1 15.5-ounce can black beans
canola oil
To taste:
pepper
salt
cayenne powder
ginger (sparingly)
cilantro

Directions:
Combine the rice and water in a pot.
Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer, covering the pot.  Cook like this until the rice has absorbed all of the water, about 30-40 minutes.
Meanwhile, place your knife into a tomato about 1" from the center of the tomato's top.  Cut a circle around the top with this 1" radius.  Remove the top and set aside.  Using a grapefruit knife, cut out and remove the innards of the tomato.  Place these innards in a large frying pan, including all the juice.
Repeat the above step for all of the tomatoes.
Cut the green pepper into 1" long, 1/4" wide strips.  Place in the frying pan.
Mince the shallot and jalapeno.  Place in the frying pan.
Place the frying pan on high heat.
When the peppers and shallot are tender, add the corn and beans.  Add seasonings.  Remove from heat when everything is hot.
Mix the contents of the frying pan with the rice.  Fill each tomato with this mixture.  There will be leftovers.  Do not cut the non-tomato parts of this recipe because of that; there will be too much tomato innards if you do.
Coat the bottom of a pan with canola oil.  Place tomatoes in this, bottom down.  Place the tops on each tomato.  Place this tray on a grill until the skins of the tomatoes start to peel away.  Remove from heat and serve.

Submitter: 
stronglive1
Description: 
Spicy, filling stuffed tomatoes that go great with a tangy, sweet cucumber-mango salad or just sim0ple greens.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
