URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63243427/pan-seared-fish-pacific-halibut-or-cod-with-herbed-vegetable-ribbons-and-couscous/
Title:
Pan Seared Fish (Pacific Halibut or Cod) with Herbed Vegetable Ribbons and Couscous Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups water
1 cup couscous
1/2 cup sliced almonds, toasted
1/2 cup sliced dried apricots
2 teaspoons orange juice
1 teaspoon orange zest
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin
1 cinnamon stick
3 teaspoons salt
1/4 cup chopped parsley
3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
1 tablespoon butter
1 red onion, sliced thinly
2 zucchini, julienned
2 yellow squash, julienned
2 red peppers, julienned
2 yellow peppers, julienned
1/4 cup chopped mixed herbs, (chives, thyme, parsley, oregano)
1 teaspoon white pepper
4 to 6 (6-ounce) pacific halibut fillets or cod

Directions:
In a 2 quart saucepan, bring the water to a boil. Combine the couscous, with the almonds, apricots, orange juice, orange zest, ginger, cumin, cinnamon and 1 teaspoon of the salt. Pour the water over the couscous, cover the bowl with plastic wrap. Let stand for 10 minutes. Remove the plastic wrap and fluff the couscous with a fork. Add parsley, toss to combine, then taste and adjust seasoning if necessary. Cover and set aside to keep warm while you prepare the fish and vegetables.
In a 12-inch skillet, heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and the butter. When the pan is hot add the red onion, saute for 3 minutes until tender; add the rest of the vegetables. Cook over high heat, tossing frequently, until the vegetables are crisp-tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the herbs, 1 teaspoon of the salt and 1/2 teaspoon of pepper. Toss to combine then set aside to keep warm while you cook the fish.
Season the halibut fillets on both sides with the remaining salt and pepper. In a 12-inch skillet, heat the remaining olive oil over medium-high heat. When the pan is hot, add the halibut fillets and cook until golden brown and fish flakes easily, about 3 minutes on each side.
Serve the fillets over the couscous and spread the vegetables around the plate. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
goodeats
Description: 
Recipe courtesy Emeril Lagasse
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
