URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63241477/turkey-and-quinoa-meatloaf/
Title:
Turkey and Quinoa Meatloaf Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/4 cup quinoa
1/2 cup water
1 teaspoon olive oil
1 small onion, chopped
1 large clove garlic, chopped
1/2 lb 96% exra lean ground beef
3/4 lb extra lean ground turkey breast
1 tablespoon barbecue sauce
1 tablespoon hot pepper sauce
2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce
1/2 cup egg substitute or 4 egg whites
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
4 tablespoons brown sugar
4 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce
2 teaspoon water

Directions:
Bring the quinoa and water to a boil in a saucepan over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the quinoa is tender, and the water has been absorbed, about 15 to 20 minutes. Set aside to cool.
Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Heat the olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Stir in the onion; cook and stir until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for another minute; remove from heat to cool.
Stir the turkey, cooked quinoa, onions, tomato paste, hot sauce, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire, eggs, salt, and pepper in a large bowl until well combined. The mixture will be very moist. Combine the brown sugar, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire, and 1 teaspoon water in a small bowl. Mix half the mixture in the meat mixture.  Shape into a loaf on a foil lined baking sheet.  Rub the paste over the top of the meatloaf.
Bake in the preheated oven until no longer pink in the center, about 50 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C). Let the meatloaf cool for 10 minutes before slicing and serving.

Submitter: 
Occasional Cooker
Description: 
The secret ingredient in this flavorful turkey meatloaf is quinoa. Quinoa is nuttier than breadcrumbs and improves the texture of the meatloaf.Modified from: Turkey and Quinoa Meatloaf
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
