URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63244030/smokin-long-beach-turkey-chili/
Title:
Smokin' Long Beach Turkey Chili... Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/846630.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons Extra Virgin Coconut oil
1 onion, chopped
1/2 cup chicken stock
7 cloves garlic, minced
10 mini sweet peppers peppers, seeded and chopped (Costco)
1 habanero pepper, seeded and chopped
2 pounds lean ground turkey
2 tablespoons chili powder
1 tablespoon lemon pepper
2 teaspoons red pepper flakes
2 tablespoon  smoked paprika
1.5 tablespoon ground cumin
2 teaspoons dried oregano
2 tablespoon fennel seed
1 teaspoon celery salt
2 tablespoon curry
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 (1 ounce) envelope instant hot chocolate mix
2 teaspoons seasoned salt
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
2 teaspoon liquid smoke flavoring
2 (14.5 ounce) cans S&W; diced tomatoes, undrained
1 (15 ounce) can kidney beans, undrained
2 (15 ounce) can S&W; Black Beans undrained
1 (7 OZ) Herdez Salsa Verde
1/2 cup cheap beer
3/4 cup frozen corn
Optional Toppings: Sour Cream, Cilantro, Sarento 4 Mexican Cheese.

Directions:
Heat the coconut oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic, mini peppers, chicken stock, 1 tablespoon curry, 1 tablesoon fennel seed, 1 tablespoon lemon pepper and habanero pepper; 1 cook and stir until the onion is transparent and chicken stock has reduced. Set pan a side when done. In a seperate large pot, crumble in the ground turkey add 1 teaspoon liquid smoke, 1 tablespoon curry, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, cracked pepper, Cover, and cook for about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, or until the meat is no longer pink. Add the onion, garlic, mini peppers and stir everything together.
Season with chili powder, red pepper flakes, paprika, cumin, oregano, pepper, hot cocoa mix, seasoned salt and remaining spices. Stir in Worcestershire sauce, liquid smoke, diced tomatoes, black beans and kidney beans. Crack open a beer, and pour in about 1/2 cup. Drink or discard the rest. Partially cover the pan, and simmer over medium heat for about 50 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Remove from the heat and allow to cool for a few minutes before enjoying...
Optional you may add: sour cream, cilantro, Sarento 4 Mexican Cheese for topping!

Submitter: 
MsChristy
Description: 
This is a hearty and relatively low-fat chili recipe that is guaranteed to satisfy even the most sadistic spicy food lover...REAL FLAVORFUL HEALTHY FOOD. Many thanks for the inspriration to Smokin' Scovilles Turkey Chili!Modified from: Smokin' Scovilles Turkey Chili
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
