URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63252985/chicken-stuffed-poblano-peppers/
Title:
Chicken-Stuffed Poblano Peppers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/850288.jpg
Ingredients:
2 Large Boneless or Bone-In Chicken Breasts
1/2 Large Onion
3 Cloves Garlic
2 Cups Chicken Broth
1 12oz Mexican Beer (Preferably a dark beer)
1 Bay Leaf
4oz (half block) Monterey Jack Cheese
4 Poblano Peppers
1 Lime (for juice)
Kosher Salt
Black Pepper

Directions:
Put chicken breasts in a large saucepan (skin side down if bone-in with skin).
Peel and mince the garlic cloves.
Peel and thinly slice the onion.
Season chicken with 1 tsp of salt and pepper and all the 2 cups of chicken broth, beer, bay leaf, garlic and onion.
Add enough water to almost cover the chicken.
Turn on your burner to high heat until the broth begins to boil.
Once your water boils, you'll want to partially cover the saucepan and turn the burner down as low as it will go.
Cook on low for 7 minutes, then cover your saucepan completely and turn the burner off.
Let your chicken cool in the covered pan and broth for 30 minutes to 1 hour (This allows for it to cook slowly, resulting in some really tender chicken).
After the chicken cools in the broth, remove it to a plate and let it cool until you can handle it.
Meanwhile, pour your broth through a fine mesh strainer into a bowl. This is homemade chicken stock that you can use for Spanish Rice, and/or freeze to use for soups.
When the chicken is cool, remove the skin and, using your hands, shred the meat into a medium-sized bowl.
Grate your 4 oz of Monterey Jack cheese into the bowl of chicken, add the juice of 1 lime and about 1/2 a tsp of salt and pepper. Mix it all together with a fork and refrigerate.

Submitter: 
Nate Thee
Description: 
One of my favorite Mexican food restaurants is Lupe Tortilla in Houston, Texas. I always order the Poblano Chicken and this is my attempt at recreating that. It is a really yummy version of a chile relleno minus the deep frying. The tender chicken is key and this method really works. I prepared these on the grill but have included instructions for preparing these in the oven as well.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
1 1/2 h
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
