URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63250345/moroccan-lamb-breast-stew/
Title:
Moroccan Lamb Breast Stew Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/849323.jpg
Ingredients:
4 lbs. Lamb Breast (with rib bones)
2 medium onions (diced thick)
3 cloves of garlic (chopped)
3 large red potatoes (skin on - cut into bite-sized pieces) - should give you about 2 1/2 cups.
5 medium carrots (cut into bite-sized pieces)
1/2 cup parsley (chopped)
4 tbsp. Olive Oil (divided)
1 tbsp. Salt
1 tsp. Ground Pepper
1 tsp. Ground Turmeric
1/2 tsp. Ground Cinnamon
1/2 tsp. Paprika
14 oz. can of Beef Broth
28 oz. can of Diced Tomatoes (with juice)
1 cup Flour
1/2 cup Brown Sugar

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Prep lamb breasts (with ribs) by slicing off excess fat, and divide into portions of 4-5 ribs each. Combine Flour with Brown Sugar, and dust each piece of meat on all sides. In a large skillet (preferable iron), put 2 tablespoons of oil on medium heat. Brown each piece of lamb on all sides, and set aside when done.
In a LARGE Dutch Oven, put the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil, and place on medium heat. Once heated, add onions and garlic and allow to cook until translucent. Now, put in carrots, potatoes, parsley, beef broth, diced tomatoes (with juice), turmeric, cinnamon, paprika, bay leaves, salt, pepper, and stir gently until mixed. Increase heat slightly until contents begin to slightly boil and add lamb.
Bring to a light boil for 10 minutes, and place covered Dutch Oven into preheated oven for 1 1/2-2 hours. Stir contents about every 30 minutes (lightly) while cooking in oven. When the time is up, remove from oven and set on stove. **DO NOT STIR!**
Lamb should be at least 165 F, and vegetables soft. Since this cut of lamb can be rather fatty, using a deep ladle, remove the excess oil from the top.
The sauce will likely be a bit thin, so with 2 tbsp. Corn Starch mixed with 1/2 cup of cold water (in separate cup), slowly add the mixture to contents of stew and stir in gently over low stove heat. Be sure to avoid mashing up vegetables in the process.
Once thickened, allow to rest for 10-15 minutes with lid off. At this point you can separate ribs (if desired) or leave whole. Serve in large bowels with ribs on top.

Submitter: 
Seanzilla
Description: 
I have had people ask me about how to prepare lamb breast, and this one has been a real treat! This is a hearty stew recipe that I have put together in my experience of cooking a variety of ethnic foods throughout the years. It has flavors of both Moroccan and Middle Eastern lamb dishes, and is rather easy to prepare.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 min.
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
