URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63259677/sweet-and-spicy-bourbon-sauce/
Title:
sweet and spicy bourbon sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
marinade
1 1/4 cups (packed) dark brown sugar
18 garlic cloves, peeled, pressed
1 cup mild-flavored (light) molasses
3/4 cup tamari soy sauce (do not use low-sodium)
6 tablespoons unseasoned rice vinegar
3 tablespoons chili powder
2 tablespoons chopped peeled fresh ginger
1 tablespoon (or more) hot chili sauce (such as sriracha)
3/4 teaspoon coarse kosher salt
9 green onions, chopped
meats
2 racks meaty baby back pork ribs (about 5 pounds)
8 meaty beef short ribs (about 4 pounds), top membranes trimmed
8 chicken thighs with skin and bones
1 cup beef broth
2 tablespoons bourbon
Nonstick vegetable oil spray

Directions:
Place Sugar and next 8 ingredients plus 1 1/2 T of pepper for Marinade
Sprinkle pork, beef, and chicken on all sides very lightly with coarse salt and pepper. Let stand 30 minutes. Arrange pork rib racks in single layer on large rimmed baking sheet. Arrange beef short ribs in single layer in 13x9x2-inch metal baking pan. Arrange chicken in another 13x9x2-inch metal baking pan. Pour 3/4 cup marinade each over pork, beef, and chicken; turn to coat. Marinate 1 hour at room temperature. Cover, chill, and reserve remaining marinade for grilling.
Position 1 rack in top third and 1 rack in bottom third of oven and preheat to 350°F. Add beef broth to pan with short ribs; turn ribs, meat side down, in broth. Cover pork, beef, and chicken pans tightly with foil. Place pork on lower rack. Place beef and chicken on upper rack. Bake pork and chicken until tender, about 45 minutes. Remove both from oven; open foil. Continue to bake beef until tender, about 11/4 hours longer (2 hours total). Remove from oven; open foil.
Pour pan juices from pork, beef, and chicken into medium saucepan. Spoon off fat. Boil until reduced to scant 2 cups sauce, 25 to 30 minutes. Add bourbon; return sauce to boil, then remove from heat. Season with salt, pepper, and more hot chili sauce, if desired. DO AHEAD Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Rewarm before serving
Coat grill racks with nonstick spray and prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Cut pork racks between bones into ribs. Brush all meat with some of reserved marinade. Grill pork, beef, and chicken until slightly charred, brushing with more marinade and turning occasionally, 12 to 15 minutes.

Submitter: 
Zhora Autumn
Description: 
BBQ sauce for a mixed grill
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
d
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
