URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63254063/basque-eggs-with-crustini/
Title:
Basque Eggs with Crustini Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/850837.jpg
Ingredients:
1-2 tablespoons olive oil
1 onion, sliced
2 cloves garlic minced
1 large red pepper, cut into thin julienne
1 green bell pepper, cut into thin julienne
1 jalapeno pepper, chopped fine
4-5 medium tomatoes, chopped
salt and pepper
smoked paprika, to taste*
4 eggs
8-12 slices thinly sliced ham or prosciutto
1 baguette for making Crustini

Directions:
In a in a sauté pan, add a drizzle of olive oil and heat on medium heat. Add onions and cook till soft. Then add the garlic, red and green pepper along with jalapeno and cook on medium low till the peppers soften and become tender. Add the tomatoes and season with some salt, pepper, and the the smoked paparika*. Cover the pan and cook for about 10 minutes. You want everything to soften and release its juices. Remove the lid and continue cooking for a few more minutes or until most of the juices have evaporated.
Crustini goes in oven at this point. (see direction for making below)
With a wide spoon make a well in the center of the softened vegetables...up to the point where you can just see the bottom of the pan. Make sure you space the wells evenly among the vegetables. Crack the eggs into the wells you just made. Season the top of the eggs with a bit of salt and pepper. Cover, and cook until just done. You want the yolks to be runny....of course, if you don't like them runny cook them just the way you like them:).
On a plate arrange the ham or serano slices in a loose circe crumpled up a bit to form a nest for the tomato egg mixture.  Then nest should be about 5 to 6 inches wide.
When eggs are done to your liking using a large slotted spoon scoop out an section of your tomato misxture containing one egg and place it in the ham nest.
Add some crustini on the side and serve.
To make Crustini - Slice your baguette on an angle, coat with a bit of olive oil, lightly salt and pepper, and place on a baking sheet. place in oven set to 350 degrees.  These will take about 15 to 20 minutes to toast so you will want to place then in the oven about the same time you uncover the pan.  Turn once 1/2 through baking.

Submitter: 
doczues
Description: 
Poached eggs in a spicy tomato pepper mixture served in a ham nest, with crustini on the side.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min.
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
