URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63255343/hide-the-veggies-please-summer-squash-zucchini-corn-casserole/
Title:
Hide the Veggies Please! Summer Squash & Zucchini Corn Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/851455.jpg
Ingredients:
1 T vegetable oil (or oil of choice)
1/4 c chopped red onion
2 c chopped yellow summer squash
1 1/2 c shredded zucchini (this could also be chopped)
1 T garlic powder
1/8 t of black pepper (or black pepper to taste)
1/4 c grated parmesan
1 stick of margarine or butter (1/2 cup - I used light margarine)
1 block of cream cheese, softened
1 can of corn, drained
2 cans of creamed corn
2 7-oz boxes of corn muffin mix
2 eggs
1 T white sugar (or honey, or agave syrup - I've used each at different times)  ***Sugar is optional

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 375 degrees, and lightly oil or spray the sides of a 9x13 pan.
2. To a large saucepan add 1 T oil of choice and warm to med-high, then and the onion, squash, and zucchini.  As these begin to soften, add the garlic powder and black pepper.
3. Once your veggies have reached your desired tenderness (I prefer mine to be soft and without crunch - which would be about ten minutes - guestimate) add the 1/4 c parmesan and stir until incorporated.
4. Turn off the heat on the veggie mixture. Then add the margarine and cream cheese (break them up as you add them to the pan).  Remove pan from heat.
5. After the margarine and cream cheese have melded into the veggies, add ONE can of the creamed corn (put the other can aside) and the single can of drained whole kernel corn. Mix.  Leave this to cool.
6. In a large mixing bowl, add the two boxes of corn muffin mix, 1 can of cream corned, 2 eggs, and 1 T sugar of choice (if slight sweetness desired), stir until all ingredients are incorporated.
7. Add the cooled veggie mixture to the mixing bowl one or two cups at a time until all is mixed.
8. Pour mixture into 9x13 pan.
9. Bake in pre-heated 375 degree oven for 30-50 minutes, or until brown around the edges and bubbly, but firm on top.  Let cool for at least five minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Nep2nfly
Description: 
This recipe was created in response to a few picky veggie eaters in my household who love corn casserole, but aren't fond of some garden favorites.  This gets gobbled up every time! No one ever guesses at the amount of veggies inside this firm but creamy yumminess!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15-20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
NA
