URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63252352/homemade-chicken-potpie/
Title:
Homemade Chicken Potpie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 pie crusts (you can either buy them premade or make your own) I use a great pie crust recipe I found on the allrecipe website.
1.5 to 2 lbs chicken cooked and cut up
2 tsp poultry seasoning
1/4 tsp sage
1/4 garlic powder (for a nice kick)
salt and pepper to taste
1/2 cup carrots
1/2 cup peas, corn, green beans or any veggie mixture you like.
2 potatoes diced
1 onion diced
2 to 3 tbs cornstarch
salt & pepper to taste

Directions:
Put your chicken in a nice large pan with just enough water to cover it.  I normally buy whatever is on sale and then debone it after it's cooked.  Don't worry if you have to much chicken and stock you can freeze it and use it later. Then add your poultry seasoning, sage, garlic, salt and pepper when the water comes to a boil. Let the chicken simmer for about an hour.  Then remove the chicken from the stock and allow to cool before cutting up or deboning.
While your chicken is cooling cut up your veggies and prep your pie pan and preheat your over to 375 degrees.  Make sure you spay your pie pan with non-stick cooking spray before laying your bottom crust in.
Add your cut up chicken to your veggie mixture, stir and then put it all in your pie pan.
You will need about a cup of gravy made from your chicken stock.  Just boil a cup or so and once you've got it to a good boil add 2 - 3 tbs of cornstarch until you've got the thickness you want. Salt and pepper your gravy to taste.
Pour gravy into pie pan, over chicken and veggie mixture and cover with top crust.  Flute your edges and slit the top to vent.
Cook your pot pie at 375 degrees for 1 hour.  Remove and allow to cool for 5 to 10 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Sherri C.
Description: 
My family loves this recipe.  It's easy to do and you get a chicken pot pie that's way better than what you buy at the store.  A complete, homemade meal in 1 pie dish.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 1/2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
