URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63256625/the-original-donair-from-the-east-coast-of-canada/
Title:
The Original Donair From the East Coast of Canada Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound ground beef
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon onion powder
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon paprika
1 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1/2 tsp. cumin
1 (12 ounce) can evaporated milk
1/2 cup white sugar
1/4 cup white vinegar, or to taste
garlic powder or fresh garlic
6 large pita bread rounds

Directions:
In a bowl, thoroughly mix together the ground beef, black pepper, onion powder, garlic powder, salt, paprika, cayenne pepper, and oregano. Pack the spiced meat into a thick loaf shape, cover, and let rest in the refrigerator overnight.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place the meat loaf onto a baking sheet, and bake for 1 hour, flipping the loaf over halfway through cooking. Allow the meat loaf to cool so it holds together for slicing.
Mix together the evaporated milk and white sugar in a bowl, stirring until the sugar is dissolved, and then add the vinegar by teaspoons, mixing together after each addition, to taste. Refrigerate the sauce until serving.
Slice the meat loaf into 1/4-inch thick slices, and brown the slices in a skillet over medium heat until both sides are brown and crisp, about 5 minutes per side.
Sprinkle the pita bread rounds with a little water, and press each onto a heated skillet to warm up.
To serve, place several slices of meat into a warmed pita bread, and spoon about 2 tablespoons of sauce over the meat. Roll the pita bread into a cone shape, wrap in aluminum foil  to keep the sauce from dripping out, and serve.

Submitter: 
AnnInLondon
Description: 
Try this recipe when you find yourself too far away from a corner pizza place in Halifax. Slices of spicy beef loaf are served on pita bread with the creamy, sweet and tangy sauce you expect. Favorite garnishes are chopped onions and fresh diced tomatoes.Modified from: The Original Donair From the East Coast of Canada
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
9 h 50 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
