URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63259769/bbw-wing-sauce-5/
Title:
BBW wing sauce 5 Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup fresh peri peri chiles, cayennes, red serranos, or other hot fresh red chiles, stemmed and cut in half (for milder chicken, seed the chiles)
or 1/2 cup South African or Brazilian piri piri sauce, Crystal hot sauce or other hot sauce
6 cloves garlic, peeled
1 small onion, peeled and quartered
A 3-inch piece of fresh ginger, peeled and cut into 1/4-inch slices
1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro
1/4 cup vegetable oil
1/4 cup fresh lemon juice
2 teaspoons coarse salt (kosher or sea)
1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
3 pounds chicken wings
For the glaze:
1/2 stick (4 tablespoons) salted butter
3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro
2 cloves garlic, minced
3 tablespoon peri peri sauce or one of the other hot sauces mentioned above
2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice

Directions:
Make the marinade: If using a blender, add the chiles (or hot sauce), onion, garlic, ginger, cilantro, oil, lemon juice, salt, and pepper and puree until smooth. If using a food processor, puree the solid ingredients first, then work in the liquids. Transfer to a large nonreactive bowl or roasting pan.
Cut the chicken wings in half, discarding the ends. Stir them into the marinade and marinate for at least 6 hours, or as long as overnight-the longer, the richer the flavor-stirring every few hours.
Make the glaze: Melt the butter in a saucepan. Add the cilantro and garlic and cook over medium-high heat until sizzling and aromatic, but do not let the garlic brown, 2 minutes. Stir in the peri peri sauce and lemon juice and simmer for 2 minutes.
Set up your grill for indirect grilling and preheat to medium (350 degrees F). Brush and oil the grill grate. Arrange the chicken wing pieces on the grate, skin side up, and indirect grill until crisp and golden brown on the outside and cooked through, 30 to 40 minutes. Make a small cut in the thickest part of one of the wings: there should be no traces of red or pink at the bone.
Transfer the chicken wings to a platter and pour the hot glaze over them. Toss to mix and serve at once.

Submitter: 
MattyHam
Description: 
located: book 5, chicken, bbq, wing.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
12
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
