URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63259343/loose-meat-sandwiches---better-than-maid-rite/
Title:
Loose Meat Sandwiches - Better Than Maid-Rite Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound 85% lean ground beef
1/2 cup minced white onion
California blend garlic powder, several shakes of it
1 cup chicken broth
1/3 cup Coca-Cola
1 Tbsp Worcestershire sauce
1 Tbsp red wine vinegar
1 Tbsp spicy brown mustard.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Prepared yellow mustard
Thinly sliced dill pickle slices
American or cheddar cheese slices, optional
Hamburger buns or sandwich buns

Directions:
Heat a cast iron skillet over medium-low heat. Add the ground beef and the minced onions, sprinkle with garlic powder and sauté for a couple of minutes. Flip the meat mixture in the skillet and sprinkle again with more garlic powder. Break up the meat as much as you can with a spatula. Soon as the meat has lost most of its pinkness – remove from the burner.
In a 4 cup measuring cup, mix together the broth, Coca-Cola, vinegar, Worcestershire sauce and the brown mustard. Stir this mixture into the skillet and return the skillet to the burner. Bring to a boil, stirring often to break up the meat. Soon as the meat mixture reaches a boil, lower the heat to a simmer and continue cooking over low heat till the liquid has been absorbed, about 45 – 60 minutes. It is very important to slowly simmer the meat till all of the liquid is absorbed thus imparting all of the flavors into the meat.
Split the hamburger buns or sandwich rolls, smear some yellow mustard on the inside of the upper buns. Spread a couple of thin pickle slices on the lower half of the buns. Spoon equal amount of the meat mixture over the lower bun halves, top with an optional slice of cheese then place the bun top on top.

Submitter: 
Dale
Description: 
This is my version of the Maid-Rite Restaurant’s loose meat sandwiches. I searched the internet for various versions of this recipe, I ended up combining the ideas that I found and I put this recipe together. I hope that you agree that this recipe is better than the original Maid-Rite loose meat sandwiches and that you will enjoy these sandwiches.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
