URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63254101/corn-and-black-bean-empanadas/
Title:
Corn and Black Bean Empanadas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/850855.jpg
Ingredients:
Filling:
1 large slice hearty white sandwich bread, torn into quarters
2 tablespoons plus 1/2 cup low-sodium chicken broth
1 pound 85 percent lean ground chuck
3/4 teaspoon table salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 tablespoon olive oil
2 medium onions, chopped fine (about 2 cups)
1/2 cup frozen corn kernels
1/2 cup canned black beans, rinsed
4 medium garlic cloves, minced (about 4 teaspoons)
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1/4 teaspoon Cayenne
1/8 teaspoon ground cloves
1/2 cup packed cilantro leaves, coarsely chopped
2 hard-cooked eggs, coarsely chopped
1/4 cup pitted green olives, coarsely chopped
4 teaspoons cider vinegar
Crust:
3 cups (15 ounces) unbleached all-purpose flour, plus extra for work surface
1 cup (5 ounces) masa harina
1 tablespoon sugar
2 teaspoons table salt
12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes and chilled
1/2 cup cold vodka or tequila
1/2 cup cold water
5 tablespoons olive oil (for baking empanadas)

Directions:
in the bowl of a food processor, process bread and 2 tablespoons chicken broth until a paste forms, about 5 seconds, scraping down sides of bowl as necessary. Add beef, salt, and pepper and pulse until mixture is well combined, 6-8 1-second pulses.
In a 12-inch nonstick skillet over medium-high heat, heat oil. Add onions, corn, and beans and cook, stirring frequently, until beginning to brown, about 5 minutes. Stir in garlic, cumin, cayenne, and cloves; cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add beef mixture and cook, breaking apart meat with wooden spoon, until browned, about 7 minutes. Add remaining ½ cup chicken broth and simmer until mixture is moist but not wet, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer mixture to a large bowl and cool 10 minutes. Stir in cilantro, eggs, olives, and vinegar. Season with salt and pepper to taste and refrigerate until cool, about 1 hour. (Filling can be refrigerated for up to 2 days.)
To make the dough: in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the metal blade, process 1 cup flour, masa harina, sugar, and salt in food processor until combined, about two 1-second pulses. Add butter and process until homogeneous and dough resembles wet sand, about 10 seconds. Add remaining 2 cups flour and pulse until mixture is evenly distributed around bowl, 4 to 6 quick pulses. Empty mixture into a large bowl.
Sprinkle vodka or tequila and water over mixture. Using hands, mix dough until it forms tacky mass that sticks together. Divide dough in half, then divide each half into 6 equal pieces. Transfer dough pieces to plate, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until firm, about 45 minutes or up to 2 days.
(continued in footnotes)

Submitter: 
Sanderson32
Description: 
These empanadas freeze beautifully so you can enjoy fresh empanadas whenever the craving strikes. Just freeze the empanadas on a baking sheet until firm, tightly wrap in plastic wrap and place in a ziploc freezer bag. When you are ready to bake them, just brush the tops of the frozen empanadas with oil, place onto the hot oiled baking sheets and bake for 30-35 minutes until well browned and crisp.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
