URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63256000/baked-chicken-jerk/
Title:
Baked Chicken Jerk Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 chicken leg quarter
1 tablespoon Jamaican Jerk seasoning, or amount to taste
1 plantain (substitute a medium potato if you don't have plantains), cubed into bite sized pieces
1/2 of one medium onion, cubed into bite sized pieces
1 clove garlic
1 cup low sodium chicken stock
1/4 tsp salt
1/2 cup white wine (the sweeter, the better)
1/2 one scallion

Directions:
Wash and dry chicken leg quarter. Create a wide pocket under the skin on top and bottom by slipping your hand between skin and meat.
Rub jerk seasoning into the pockets and also on top of the skin. Cover and let sit in refrigerator at least over night.
Preheat oven on bake to 400 degrees.
Cube a plantain and your 1/2 an onion into bite sized pieces.
Heat pan on stove on medium-high heat. Place chicken into pan along with veggies and allow the chicken and veggies to brown. Then flip the chicken, stir the veggies and allow the other side to brown.
Take out chicken and put aside but leave in veggies. Pour in 1 cup of chicken stock.
Add 1/4 teaspoon salt and cook for one minute.
Deglaze pan with 1/2 cup of white wine.
Take off heat and return chicken to pan. Cover securely with aluminum foil and place in preheated oven for 40 minutes.
Test chicken for doneness by inserting an instant read meat thermometer in thickest part of thigh.
Set oven to broil.
Pour sauce into a separate, shallow pan. Don't allow the veggies and chicken to fall in the pan with sauce.
Place chicken and veggies back into oven to broil until they develop a toasty, brown color.
While the chicken and veggies are browning, reduce sauce on stove set to medium-high heat to your preferred thickness.
Chop 1/2 a scallion and throw them in the sauce the last minute of cooking.
Remove chicken and veggies from broiler and pour pan sauce over everything.  Enjoy.

Submitter: 
CaptMicha
Description: 
Chicken is marinated overnight with your favorite Jamaican jerk seasoning and then is baked with cubed onions and plantains the next day, with pan sauce for dipping. Succulent and moist.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
