URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63258403/apple-phyllo-cigars/
Title:
Apple Phyllo Cigars Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/4 cup sugar
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
2 Gala or Fuji apples, peeled, cored and diced
Small pinch salt
1 teaspoon lemon juice
1 teaspoon water
1 teaspoon cornstarch
4 sheets phyllo dough
Butter-flavored or plain cooking spray

Directions:
In a small bowl, stir together the sugar, cinnamon and nutmeg.
In a medium skillet over medium-high heat, toss the apples with 1 tablespoon of the sugar mixture and the salt. Saute until just tender, about 3 to 4 minutes.
In a small cup, mix together the lemon juice, water and cornstarch. Stir into the apples and cook for another 30 seconds, or until thickened. Remove from heat and allow to cool.
When ready to assemble the cigars, heat the oven to 400 F. Coat a baking sheet with cooking spray.
Evenly stack the 4 sheets of phyllo dough. With a paring knife, slice the stack in half lengthwise. Remove one half sheet from the stack and cover the rest with plastic wrap, then a damp, but not wet, kitchen towel.
Place the piece of phyllo dough in front of you and spoon 1 tablespoon of the apple filling across one of the short ends. Spritz the dough lightly with cooking spray and sprinkle lightly with about 1/2 teaspoon of the reserved spiced sugar.
Starting with the apple end, roll up the pastry sheet to create a log with the apples in the middle. Place the cigar on the prepared baking sheet, with the loose end down. Repeat with the remaining apple filling, sugar mixture and pastry sheets.
Spray the tops of the cigars lightly with cooking spray and sprinkle with a bit more of the sugar. Bake for 15 minutes, or until golden and crisp. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Nutrition information per cigar (values are rounded to the nearest whole number): 70 calories; 10 calories from fat (14 percent of total calories); 1 g fat (0 g saturated; 0 g trans fats); 0 mg cholesterol; 16 g carbohydrate; 1 g protein; 1 g fiber; 55 mg sodium.

Submitter: 
baileyt0216
Description: 
From Lbk AJ
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
