URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63253245/egg-pizza/
Title:
Egg Pizza Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/850405.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup (8 oz) whole wheat pizza dough
1 large egg
1/2 tsp Half and Half
2 tbsp shredded Parmesan Cheese
1/4 cup diced yellow onion
2 tsp shredded Mozzarella Cheese
1/4 tsp Garlic Powder

Directions:
Do not Pre-Heat the oven
First, stretch the dough on a floured surface. Constantly stretch the dough with your hands until It's fully- stretched into what appears to be a circle or square or any other shape.  You can also use a rolling pin if you want to make it easier. Just make sure that the dough is at least as big after your hands when you're finished rolling or stretching. Roll up a thick crust all around the dough because we don't want the egg mixture to over-flow (The crust serves as a barrier while the egg mixture is still liquid). Set the dough on a greased and floured pizza stone or baking sheet.
In a small bowl, beat the large egg with half and half until fully combined (Until the yolk and whites are fully mixed). Then, slowly and gently, pour the egg mixture on the pizza dough. Make sure the egg fills the whole pizza dough, but doesn't overfill.
Sprinkle the parmesan chefs over the entire pizza and egg mixture. Then sprinkle the diced onions on top of the parmesan cheese. Sprinkle mozzarella cheese on top of the onions. Finally, sprinkle half of the garlic powder on the actual pizza, and the other half on the crust.
As you put in the pizza, heat the oven to 375ºF. Then bake the pizza for about 30 minutes. After 30 minutes, bring the temperature down to 325ºF, and bake the pizza for five more minutes. Don't burn yourself while taking the pizza out! Cool the pizza for a few minutes
Eat!!!

Submitter: 
AccountKiller
Description: 
This is a great combo of eggs and pizza that goes well in any meal and any occasion. It doesn't take too long to make, and it's pretty easy. Pizza has pretty much been my favorite meal ever since I could chew solid foods, and it was really fun to put my own spin on it. Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
60 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
