URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63254955/chicken-peas-bowtie-pasta/
Title:
CHICKEN, PEAS + BOWTIE PASTA Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
5 qts	water
5 tsp	salt
1/8 tsp	black pepper
1/4 tsp	garlic powder
16 oz	uncooked farfalle (bowtie) pasta
.
1 pat	butter or 1 tsp olive oil
1/2 lb	pancetta, sliced about 1/8” thick and cut into matchsticks
.
2	large shallots, sliced thinly and diced
6 cloves	garlic, minced
.
3 lb	chicken breasts, thinly sliced and diced to about 1” pieces
1 cup	heavy cream
.	salt & pepper to taste
16 oz	frozen peas, thawed and drained
1 pkg	fresh sage leaves, chiffonaded and thinly sliced
12 oz	shaved Parm, divided

Directions:
To a large pot, preferably one fitted with a drainer insert, add the water, salt, pepper and garlic powder; bring to a boil.
While water is coming to a boil, heat a 2”-3” deep 12” skillet on high and add the oil or butter; sauté the pancetta in the butter.  When nearly done, drain the drippings into a heatproof bowl and return pancetta to the skillet; retain the drippings.
Add the chopped shallots to the skillet and sauté until translucent.
When the shallots are just about done, add the garlic and sauté for a minute or two more, stirring well; remove the pancetta mixture with a slotted spoon and keep warm.
In the same skillet, start sautéing the chicken in batches, using the pancetta drippings a teaspoon at a time as necessary.
When the water is boiling, add to it about 1 tsp of the pancetta drippings and stir in the uncooked pasta.  When water returns to the boil, cook the pasta on high for 10 minutes, or longer to taste; drain and set aside.
Return the chicken and pancetta mixture to the skillet and heat through, stirring well; stir in the heavy cream and adjust seasoning to taste.
When cream has cooked down for four minutes, stir in the peas and turn off the heat to keep the peas from turning dark.  Add 8 oz of the shaved Parm and the sage and stir lightly.
Pour the cooked farfalle into a large serving bowl and top with the chicken mixture.
Stir well and top with the remaining shaved Parm or serve it on the side.

Submitter: 
Fishwrap
Description: 
There's no getting around it--this is a rich, decadent recipe.  You can lighten it up easily for everyday dinners, but when you want a fabulous, pull-out-all-the-stops impressive company dinner, this one full-strength will do it!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
