URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63263126/banana-peanut-butter-cheesecakeakathe-elvis/
Title:
BANANA PEANUT BUTTER CHEESECAKE...AKA..."THE ELVIS" Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/854948.jpg
Ingredients:
CRUST
1 C. graham caracker crumbs
3 tbsp. butter, melted
3/4 tsp banana extract
3 tbsp. sugar
CHEESECAKE
1 C. peanut butter chips
1/4 C. half & half
3 8oz. cream cheese, room temperature
1/2 C. white sugar
3 eggs, room temperature
2 large banana's, mashed
1/2 tsp. vanilla extract
1/2 tsp. banana extract
1 tbsp. lemon juice

Directions:
350 degree oven
1.  lightly grease the bottom of an 8" or 9" cake pan and line with a wax paper cutout.  Set aside
2.  Combine crust ingredients and mix well.  Pour into cake pan and using another cake pan of the same size, press well.  Bake in oven for approx. 8 minutes and set aside.
3.  In a double boiler melt the peanut butter chips with the half & half until smooth set aside.
4.  Slowly mix your cream cheese on the stir setting of your stand mixer until smooth.  Incorporate the sugar and mix well.  Add eggs one at a time until fully incorporated.  Add the banana's, extracts and lemon juice.  Remember to stop your mixer occasionally to scrape the sides.  Stir in peanut butter mixture.
5.  Pour mixture into your crust to the top.  Bake cheesecake in a water bath for approx. 1 hour.  Turn off oven, open the door and let sit for 1 hour.  Remove from oven and refridgerate for 8 hours.
6.  To remove from pan, run a knife along the edge.  flip cake over onto a wire rack.  place a dishtowel over the bottom of the pan.  Using a hot tea kettle, rub lightly over the towel and slowly remove the pan.  Flip your cake back over.  Garnish the side with toasted coconut or make a chocolate ganache to pour over it for a garnish!

Submitter: 
Roland G. Mandish
Description: 
This is a combinations of some of my favorite cheesecake recipes.  I took this into work and it lasted 30 minutes.  The professional baker I work with called this cake restaurant quality.  I highly recommend a chocolate ganache to finish it off before serving(8 oz. semisweet chocolate combined with 1/2 cup hot whipping cream)spread over the top!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
8 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
