URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63263029/chocolate-cheesecake/
Title:
Chocolate Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/854836.jpg
Ingredients:
12 chocolate graham crackers
1/3 cup white sugar
6 tbsp butter, melted
2 (8 oz) pkgs cream cheese, room-temperature
1 cup white sugar
4 eggs, room-temperature
1 pint (2 cups) heavy whipping cream
12 oz semisweet chocolate

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350°F.
Grind graham crackers to small crumbs.  In a medium bowl mix the graham cracker crumbs with white sugar and melted butter.  Press this crust mixture into the bottom and 1" up the sides of a 9" spring-form pan.
Place the pan with crust in the preheated oven and bake for 15 minutes or until crust is golden brown.  Remove the crust lined pan from the oven and set it aside to cool.
Pour the cream into a double boiler and warm it until it is almost too hot to touch (about 130°F).  Then add the chocolate chunks to it and whisk gently until completely melted and combined.  Set aside the cream & chocolate mixture to cool.
Cut the cream cheese into quarters and warm in a microwave for 20 to 30 seconds on high.  Rotate each piece 180° then warm again for another 20 seconds on high, until very soft and warm to the touch.
In a medium bowl beat the cream cheese with an electric hand mixer or stand mixer until smooth and light.  Next add the sugar and mix until combined.  Add the eggs one at a time mixing well between additions.  Add in the cream & chocolate then mix until fully incorporated.  Pour this filling into the prepared crust.
Bake for 10 minutes at 350°F then turn the oven temp down to 250°F and continue baking for another 75 to 80 minutes.  Turn off the oven and leave the cheesecake inside while it cools for one hour to finish baking.  Remove to a cooling rack and wait for it to cool to room temp, then refrigerate for at least 8 hours before serving.
Garnish with whipped cream or shaved milk chocolate or ganache.

Submitter: 
Michael St. Laurent
Description: 
An intense chocolate experience.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
