URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63265966/whole-wheat-steel-cut-oats-bread---a-long-fermentation-bread/
Title:
Whole Wheat Steel Cut Oats Bread - A Long Fermentation Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1006796.jpg
Ingredients:
4 cups whole wheat flour
5 cups bread flour
2 cups steel cut oats (toasted in dry pan), or 9 grain cereal
2 tbsp. kosher or other coarse salt
2 tbsp. crushed flax (optional)
3 tbsp. vital wheat gluten (optional)
3/4 cup non-fat dry milk or dry bakers milk
6 tbsp. Coconut Palm sugar or other natural sweetener
3/4 tsp. instant yeast
6  tbsp. nut oil, MCT oil, or vegetable oil
3 tbsp. Braggs Apple Cider vinegar or other cider vinegar
5 cups warm water

Directions:
Mix dry ingredients well (make sure steel cut oats have cooled), and then add water, oil, and vinegar.
Mix on low with an electric mixer using the paddle attachment or mix by hand until all dry ingredients are moistened. Dough should be wet and sticky.
Mix on a medium-high speed in an electric mixer for 5 minutes, or by hand for 10-15 minutes to develop gluten.
Put dough into a clean, oiled bowl and cover with plastic wrap.
Let the dough raise for 1-2 hours on the counter.
Stretch and fold the dough 4-6 times to redistribute food for the yeast, and put the dough into the refrigerator for at least 16-18 hours, usually overnight.
Remove from the refrigerator at least 2 and up to 4 hours before baking. Pour the dough onto a well-floured surface, and sprinkle the top of the dough with flour.
Divide the dough into two equal parts.
Flatten and fold all four sides of each piece like an envelope, pressing the edges into the dough.
Turn the dough so the smooth side is on top, and shape into a loaf.
Place into 9 x 5 bread pans for final raise, and cover with a non-terry towel.
Let raise until the dough just crests above the top of the pan, usually 45 minutes to an hour.
While the dough is raising, preheat the oven to 500 degrees.
After the dough has raised, coat with an egg wash and sprinkle with rolled oats or your favorite topping if desired.
Bake uncovered for 15 minutes to brown. For the first 7-10 minutes, spray the oven sides with water at least 3 times at 5 minute intervals to produce steam. A pan with water can also be placed on the lower rack as the oven heats. Then cover with an aluminum foil tent and bake for an additional 45-60 minutes or until the internal temperature is 200 to 205 degrees.
Remove from oven and the pans, and cool on a cooling rack.

Submitter: 
judy2304
Description: 
This is a no knead bread recipe that I put together using ideas from other recipes and my own variations. During the long fermentation period, the grains soften and swell to give the bread a wholesome and satisfying flavor and texture. It has a chewy crust that is crispy when toasted and a soft crumb.
This bread is more convenient because it can be mixed one day and baked the next day when you have time. The long fermentation releases the nutrients of the grain, and enhances the flavor of the bread.
Makes 2 large 9” x 5” loaves
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
24 h
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
