URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63263356/cabbage-rolls/
Title:
Cabbage Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
12 cups uncooked long-grain rice
25 cups water
4 large heads savoy cabbage
6 cup water
12 onions, chopped
1 cup butter
4 cup uncooked long-grain rice
1 # 10 ground beef
3 rows of a case ground in robo coupe pork sausage
25 cloves garlic, minced
1/2 cup dill weed
1 tablespoon black pepper
1 tablespoon white sugar
3 of our kitchen cans of condensed tomato soup
2 cans of can whole peeled tomatoes, with liquid
8 bay leaves

Directions:
Cook only 1/2 rice. In the meantime, remove the core from the cabbages using a thin, long knife.  Place 1 cabbage in a microwave proof container with a lid with core side down. Pour 1/2 cup water into the container with the cabbage, cover and microwave or oven on HIGH (full power) for 10 minutes.  Carefully turn cabbage over and cook covered for an additional 10 minutes.  When cabbage is cooked, let sit until it is cool enough to handle.  Separate leaves carefully, removing any tough ribs. Cook the second cabbage in the same manner.
Divide chopped onions in half. Saute one half of the onions in 3 tablespoons butter; cook just until translucent (do not brown). In a large mixing bowl, mix together both the cooked and uncooked rice, cooked and uncooked onions, ground beef, pork sausage, garlic, dill weed, black pepper and sugar and mix well to blend.
Spoon about 2 tablespoons of mixture onto each cabbage leaf.  Bring one end of cabbage leaf over mixture, roll and tuck ends in to prevent any filling from falling out.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F Prepare two 9x13 inch casserole dishes by placing some left over cabbage leaves in bottom of each.  Arrange cabbage rolls in a single layer tight against each other.
In a robo, process condensed tomato soup and tomatoes.  Pour tomato mixture over the cabbage rolls until just covered.  Place 4 bay leaves on top of sauce in each dish.  Cover each dish tightly with aluminum foil.
Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F oven for 2 hours. Once cooked, remove the dishes from the oven and let cool for 15 minutes before removing aluminum foil. BATCH COOK. PREP ONE DAY AHEAD

Submitter: 
CrystalRE
Description: 
Savoy cabbage leaves are stuffed with ground beef, ground sausage and rice in this traditional dish.Modified from: Cabbage Rolls
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
75
Nutritional Facts:
NA
