URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63265927/dak-kang-jung-crispy-sweet-korean-chicken/
Title:
Dak Kang Jung (Crispy & Sweet Korean Chicken) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/856372.jpg
Ingredients:
20 chicken wings, cut apart at the joints (discard tips)
2 tsp salt
Freshly ground pepper
2 eggs
1/2 c flour
1/2 c corn starch
Vegetable oil
1 c water
1 c peeled, washed then thinly sliced ginger
2 tbsp soy sauce
1 c light corn syrup
1/4 c vinegar

Directions:
BREAD AND DEEP FRY:  Prepare 40 chicken wing pieces or chunks of chicken, rinse them off in cold water and drain them.
Transfer the chicken into a big bowl.
Add 2 tsp of salt, 1 tsp of ground pepper, 2 eggs and the mixture of 1/2 c flour and 1/2 c corn starch. Mix it by hand.
Deep fry the chicken wings in vegetable oil 2 times as about 350-380 degrees (about 5 minutes on each side x two).
SAUCE FOR THE COATING:  Prepare a big wok or pan.
Place 1 c of water in the wok and heat it up.
Slice 1 c of ginger thinly after peeling the skin off and washing, and add it into the boiling water.
Add 2 tbsp of soy sauce, 1 c of brown sugar, 1/4 c of vinegar and boil it over medium heat.
Five minutes after, add 1 c of corn syrup and keep boiling over low medium heat about 30 minutes to reduce.
Raise a spoon of the sizzling sauce above the wok in the air and drop it until the sauce begins stopping halfway.  Then turn off the stove.
MIX IT UP:  Reheat the sauce.
Add the deep fried chicken, 1 cup of almonds (or peanuts), 1/2 tbsp dried red hot chili pepper, and 1/2 c of toasted sesame seeds into the sizzling sauce and mix it with a spatula.
The amount of sticky sauce will decrease while you are stirring.  Then turn off the heat and you are done!

Submitter: 
NJHoffman
Description: 
Dak kang jung is a very popular traditional Korean dish and is usually made with chunks of chicken from a whole chicken.  Using wings in this recipe. Each piece of chicken wing is coated with sweet and crispy sauce.  Of the ingredients, thinly sliced ginger will turn into something like candy which has not only its own special chewy taste, but also influences the whole flavor of the chicken. Nuts turn it into an amazingly crispy snack!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45
Ready in:
80
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
