URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63266058/non-grilled-steak/
Title:
Non-grilled Steak Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 -1 1/2 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 boneless beef steak (1-1/2 pounds and cut 2-1/2 inches thick, New York or rib-eye cut)
garlic powder (optional)
freshly ground cracked black pepper (use as much as desired)
1 -1 1/2 tablespoon butter
salt (used only after cooking)

Directions:
Pat the meat dry using paper towels.
Season the steak/s with black pepper, then allow the meat to sit at room temperature for 1 to 1-1/2 hours.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
Heat the oil in a cast-iron skillet over medium-high heat or just until the oil begins to lightly smoke.
Cook/sear the steak in the heated skillet over medium-high heat until a dark crust has formed (about 5-6 minutes per side, reduce the heat if the meat is browning too quickly, if you prefer a lighter outside crust then reduce the time slightly).
After the 5-6 minutes cooking on each side you may lift the steak with tongs and brown the edges also.
Return the steak flat in the pan.
Transfer the skillet to the oven and cook until an instant-read thermometer reads to desired doneness (oven cooking time will be anywhere from 5-15 minutes depending on the desired doneness of your steak --- for medium-rare 140-145 degrees and for medium 155-160 degrees. please be aware that the temperature will continue to cook after removing the steak so it is advised to pull the pan out slightly before the desired doneness).
Transfer the steak to a plate using tongs (do not use a fork or the juices will run out).
Spread the top with butter then season lightly with salt.
Cover loosely with foil and allow to rest about 5-6 minutes.
Slice across the grain.

Submitter: 
BusyBeeTami
Description: 
Best steak ever...but you have to follow directions exactly
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 1/2 h
Ready in:
2 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
