URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63267590/mango-mojito/
Title:
Mango Mojito Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Mango Mojito:
1/8 of a lime
12-15 fresh mint leaves
1/8 to 1/4 of a fresh, cubed mango
1 to 2 shots of coconut rum
Ice
Club Soda
Minty Simple Syrup:
1 C. sugar
1 C. water
12 - 15 fresh mint leaves

Directions:
Minty Simple Syrup:
I first recommend making the minty simple syrup, because for best results it should be made ahead of time and cooled. All you simply do is add the sugar and water in a small pan. Turn heat on medium and whisk once the water starts to get warm to allow sugar and water to mix. Add the 12-15 mint leaves and let this come to a boil. Stir with whisk and let boil for 1 minute. Pull from heat and let cool. Can be stored in fridge for future mojitos.
Mango Mojito:
Muddle 1 lime wedge with 12 - 15 fresh mint leaves to extract the mint oils. Next add about 1/8 to 1/4 of a freshly cut and cubed mango (depending how mango-y you want it - I say the more the better!). Muddle this with the already muddled fruit till it gets all mushed up (sorry for lack of proper cooking terms!). Next add about 2 TBSP of the minty simple syrup (note - you can definitely substitute just regular simple syrup as well, if you prefer less of a mint taste - I myself LOVE the mint!). The amount of simple syrup will vary from person to person, so maybe start with a little less than 2 TBSP and gradually add. Next step - add 1 to 2 shots of coconut flavored rum, depending how strong and coconut-y you want it. Stir this around in the glass (or shake if you are using a mixer). Next, fill glass with ice. Last but not least, top with club soda. Give the glass one last stir and voila!!! One of the most fabulous mojitos ever made!! If you want to be real fancy, feel free to garnish glass with mint, lime, and/or mango.

Submitter: 
nelly
Description: 
This is a fun alternative to a standard mojito that I kinda came up with just playing around one day! Perfect drink for sipping by the pool, or chugging after a long day of work!! P.S. - Two major things I have realized to making any mojito, no matter if this one or any other kind - USE SIMPLE SYRUP (I have posted the simple syrup for this recipe below) and USE A GOOD MUDDLER!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
