URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63269696/colonial-stuffed-collards/
Title:
Colonial Stuffed Collards Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1-lb bunch collard greens
1 1/2-lb bunch watercress
29 oz canned white beans
10 oz frozen corn
3 cloves garlic
1 shallot
1 c walnuts
canola oil
salt
water

Directions:
Sort the collard greens, keeping leaves bigger than 8" and discarding the rest.
Cut off the non-leafy part of the stem on each collard green leaf.  Then on the underside of each leaf, slice off the raised part of the central vein.
Boil a pot with 2 to 3 inches of lightly salted water in it.
Place 2 collard leaves in it, on top of each other, start a timer, and press down until they begin to change color.  After one minute, move the leaf on the bottom to the top.  After two minutes, flip both leaves.  After three minutes, move the leaf on bottom to the top.  After four minutes, remove both leaves being careful not to puncture them, and repeat until all of the leaves are cooked.
Mince the shallot, garlic, and watercress.
Pour just enough canola oil in a pan to cover its bottom.
Combine the shallot, garlic, watercress, beans, and corn in the pan.  Place on medium heat and cook until everything is hot and the shallot is cooked, about 10 minutes.  Salt to taste
Place the bean mixture and the walnuts in a food processor.  Blend until pasty but not thoroughly smooth.
Place a large spoonful, about 1/2 cup, of this mixture on the middle of one of the cooked collard greens.  Fold in the side where the stem terminates over this mixture first.  Then fold in the side opposite it over it.  Then fold over the other two sides as to seal it.  Repeat for all of the leaves, finishing off the mixture.

Submitter: 
stronglive1
Description: 
While not truly a colonial dish, Independence Day was the inspiration for this meal.  I thought, what if I made a vegetarian spin-off of stuffed cabbage only using ingredients used in colonial America?  Serve this meaty meat-free dish with dinner rolls and creamed corn.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
