URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63261641/sensational-shepherds-pie/
Title:
Sensational Shepherds Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
-2.5 lbs of lean ground beef
- Boxed instant mashed potatoes
- Boxed Stuffing ( I use chicken )
- 1 can of corn - white, yellow, shoepeg, cream - they all work well
- 1 can of prepared brown gravy
- 1 medium yellow onion
- 6 slices of yellow or white american cheese or cheese you love, I find the creamier the cheese the better.
- 1/4 cup parmesan cheese
- 1/4 cup italian style bread crumbs
- 1 Tbsp of garlic powder
- 1 Tsp parsley, thyme, rosemary & onion powder

Directions:
Pre-heat oven to 350
Dice onion and place two pots of water to simmer on the stove for your mashed potatoes and stuffing according to package directions.
Crumble ground beef into skillet and sauté with diced onion until beef is no longer pink. If you don't use lean beef you will have to drain your beef mixture.
Prepare stuffing according to packe directions.
Prepare mashed potatoes according to package directions adding parsley and garlic powder to you mashed potatoes.
Open and drain canned corn, omit if you use cream style.
Open Gravy pour in a small bowl and add to it thyme rosemary and onion powder, stir to combine.
Prepare a 9x13 cake pan with a light mist of cooking spray, begin layering your pie with the prepared stuffing on the bottom, follow with the ground beef,  beef gravy, corn, and american cheese slices, take heaping spoonfuls of your garlic mashed potatoes and drop by spoonfuls on top, using a rubber spatula spread the mashed potatoes completely across your pie to the edges. Top with parmesan and breadcrumbs.
Place into your oven and bake approximately 30 minutes or until nice and bubbly, remember everything aside from the corn, gravy and cheese were precooked and should have still been hot, this does not take long in the oven, but can be left longer if need the top will crust up a bit but it's still fabulous.
Serve once heated through and enjoy!

Submitter: 
Tattooed&Cookin;
Description: 
This is my personal absolute favorite thing to eat, simply because it combines all my comfort food favorites into one dish from top to bottom. It's apparent my family loves it too as I never have leftovers. I conceived this dish on my own from someone once telling me about their shepherd pie. Their recipe called for leftover turkey, but how often is that readily available in most house holds, what is?  Ground beef!  Great, and even better everything else is made from prepackaged stuff you likely have around your home.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
under an h
Number of servings: 
9
Nutritional Facts:
NA
