URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63265763/best-blueberry-muffins-adapted-from-cooks-illustrated/
Title:
Best Blueberry Muffins (adapted from Cooks Illustrated) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/856265.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tsp sugar
2 c fresh blueberries = 5 oz each, separated into two one cup servings
1-1/2 c whole wheat pastry flour
1 c all purpose flour
2-1/2 tsp baking powder
1 tsp table salt
2 large eggs
1-1/8 cup sugar = 8 oz
4 tbsp unsalted butter
4 tbsp vegetable oil
1 c buttermilk
1-1/2 tsp vanilla extract
SUGAR CRUMB TOPPING:
1/4 cup light brown sugar
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
2 tablespoons skim milk
2 tablespoons flour

Directions:
Combine 1 cup (= 5oz) blueberries and 1 tsp sugar in a saucepan over medium heat.
Cook, breaking up berries, to reduce to 1/4c jam - takes about 6 minutes.
Whisk together and set aside; flour, baking powder and salt.
In separate bowl whisk together 2 eggs and white sugar for about 45 seconds incorporating air.
Add melted and slightly cooled butter, then vegetable oil.
Add vanilla and buttermilk.
Using a biscuit mixing (light hand)technique fold wet ingredients into dry ingredients with rubber spatula, working from outside to center - VERY lightly and VERY gently.  (Over mixing stimulates too much gluten which makes the muffins tough).
Fold in 1 c fresh berries gently.  Batter should stay lumpy.
Dip 1 tsp of jam in center of each muffin.  Swirl a couple times in figure 8 fashion with a chopstick.
Spray muffin tin with non-stick spray.  Scoop in batter.
SUGAR TOPPING: In a small bowl combine topping ingredients and mix well with a fork.
Sprinkle the tops of the muffins and very gently press down with your fingertips (just enough to get the topping to “adhere” to the batter).
Bake at 425 degrees for about 18 minutes on upper middle rack (to help tops brown), turning halfway through for even baking until tops are brown.
Cool in pan 5 minutes before removing to begin the eating.
Yeild:  12 large muffins.

Submitter: 
NJHoffman
Description: 
I substitute Red Hill whole wheat pastry flour to make these light and healthier.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25
Ready in:
45
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
