URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63269423/authentic-puerto-rican-sofrito/
Title:
Authentic Puerto Rican Sofrito Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/858009.jpg
Ingredients:
1 large yellow or white spanish onion
1 large green bell pepper or a large cubanelle pepper (italian frying pepper)
1 large red pepper or 1 roasted red pepper
25 garlic cloves
10 ajicitos dulces (sweet chili peppers) or 5 small italian sweet peppers
1 bunch of scallions
2 bunches of cilantro
2 bunches of culantro (spiny long leaf coriando - subsitute with another 2 bunches of cilantro if you cannot find the culantro)
5 large leaves of caribbean oregano brujo (substitute with 2 tbsps of fresh oregano or 1tbsp of dried oregano if unable to find the oregano brujo)
2 plum tomatoes (de-seeded) or 2 tsps of tomato paste
2 tbsp of capers
1/4 cup of pimiento stuffed olives
1/2 cup of olive oil plus extra
1/4 cup of water or vinegar

Directions:
Wash the bell peppers. Light brush with olive oil and roast over an open flame until evenly blackened. Place peppers in a zip bag for 15 minutes. After 15 minutes peel the peppers over running water. De-seed and chop into large pieces. Skip this step if you are using a cubanelle pepper and a roasted red pepper.
Chop onion into quarters. Trim the ends off of the garlic cloves.
De-seed the ajicitos dulces or the sweet peppers.
Rinse the scallions, cilantro and culantro leaves. Trim the ends.
Puree all of the ingredients in a food processor or blender utilizing the olive oil and water in between batches to ensure a chunky yet incorporated mixture.
Divide mixture amongst four 16 ounce containers and float 2-3 tbsps of olive oil on top of the mixture to keep it fresh. Freeze whatever portions will not be used within 2 weeks. Sofrito will keep about 3 months in the freezer. Sofrito mixture can also be frozen into cubes, just remember to float olive oil on top of the cubes as well. When frozen separate cubes and store in freezer bags.

Submitter: 
MKCortes (Latin Goddess)
Description: 
Sofrito is the secret to many hispanic caribbean recipes. Sofrito is a fragrant aromatic puree os peppers, onions, garlic, herbs and olive oil. The magic herb in this frgrant mixture is cilantro. My family's sofrito recipe produces a sofrito that is very flavorful, complex and oh so delicious! Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
5 m
Number of servings: 
32
Nutritional Facts:
NA
