URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63269542/flan-de-queso-y-guayaba-guava-and-cheese-flan/
Title:
Flan de Queso y Guayaba (Guava and Cheese Flan) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1½ cup of sugar
¼ cup water
1 can sweetened condensed milk
1 (12 ounce) can evaporated milk
4 large eggs
3 egg yolks
¾ cup guava paste
8 ounces cream cheese
½ tsp of salt
1 tsp of vanilla
1 tsp of red food coloring – optional

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Add sugar and water into a small saucepan. Stir until sugar is slightly dissolved. Place pan on stove over medium heat and cook to caramelize the sugar, without stirring, until sugar turns a golden brown color, about 10 minutes. Pour into a 9 inch cake pan with high sides (about three inches). Use an oven mitt to hold pan and swirl pan to coat bottom and sides with caramel. Cool to harden caramel.
Separate eggs. Beat the eggs and yolks with the can of evaporated milk until incorporated. Strain the mixture and set aside.
Meanwhile, place remaining ingredients in an electric blender. Blend until smooth. Mix in the egg/milk mixture and mix again until smooth. Strain the mixture once more and pour into the caramelized pan. Cover with aluminum foil if desired.
Set pan into a large shallow baking pan or bottom of broiler pan containing about 1-inch hot water. Bake 1 hour in the bain-marie until knife inserted in center comes out clean.
Remove pan from water bath and cool for two - three hours in the oven. Afterwards carefully loosen sides of custard from pan with a knife. Cover and refrigerate 4 hours or overnight until well chilled.  To unmold, invert pan onto a large shallow plate or pie dish. Garnish with fruit or whipped cream, if desired.

Submitter: 
MKCortes (Latin Goddess)
Description: 
I created this flan after a request from my mom for a sweet dessert. I scoured my cupboards and found a can of guava paste which I decided to incorporate into her favorite dessesrt - Flan de Queso (Cream Cheese Flan). The result was both beautiful and delicious!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
6 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
