URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63266969/german-pfeffernusse-cookies/
Title:
German Pfeffernusse Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/856888.jpg
Ingredients:
2 c sugar
1 c shortening (I use butter)
2 eggs
2 c white Karo syrup
1 c buttermilk
1-1/2 tsp baking soda
1-1/2 tbsp anise seed
1/2 tsp allspice
1 tsp cinnamon
1/2 tsp salt
9 c (or more) flour

Directions:
Mix sugar and shortening till fluffy.
Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each.
Add Karo syrup.
Add buttermilk
In separate bowl combine:
anise seed (I like to crush it a bit first to help release it's essence), allspice, cinnamon, salt and flour.
Dough will be stiff and sticky.
Set bowl of dough in cool place overnight, or refrigerate for a few hours.
Roll out in snake-like rolls (about 1/2 -3/4 inch in diameter) and cut into 1/2 - 3/4 inch size cookies.
Place on ungreased cookie sheet and bake for 10-12 minutes in 350-375 degree (F) oven until just barely golden brown on the bottom of the cookies.
Let cool and place in sealed plastic bags or container.  The spices will mellow and permeate and cookies will soften.
If you leave the in a container that is not air tight they will become very hard.  Some people like them soft and some like them hard (which make good coffee dunkers).
Optional ways of serving as shared by other German families:  Shake cooled cookies in a baggie of powdered sugar.  Tap off excess.
Or,frost with butter powdered-sugar frosting thinned with a little cream, half-n-half or milk.

Submitter: 
NJHoffman
Description: 
Gertrude Gertie Weber (a good friend of my mother's) submitted this recipe years ago to the Odessa, Washington Hospital Guild Cookbook.  In the Russian German settled farming community, this recipe became a cultural tradition.  It has passed down through 5 generations in our family who has European (including German) roots. We always bake these at Christmas but some of our youngest family members now lobby for them all year long.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
25
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
