URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63276685/french-bread-wonder-baguette/
Title:
French Bread Wonder Baguette Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/864790.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups bread flour (you can use all-purpose if you don't have bf)
3/4 cup + 1/4 cup warm water (see directions on how warm)
1 tsp sugar
2 1/4 tsp or 1 pkg instant yeast (or whatever dry yeast you have on hand)
1 tsp salt
1 tsp olive oil
1 tsp olive oil (later)

Directions:
Stick your finger under running warm tap water. When water is warm and almost feels like it's going to burn your finger but it doesn't, it's ready to use
Measure 3/4 cup of water
To water, add sugar and yeast
Stir just a little to wet the yeast. (No matter the type of yeast, soak it)
Put salt and flour in mixing bowl and mix a little.
After your yeast is bubbled and has about a 1" head on it, add to flour mixture
Add 1/4 cup water to the cup that had your yeast mixture, swish, and put aside
For mixer kneading*:  Mix on medium to get it going.  Lower mixer speed if flour is flying out of bowl. Add most of the 1/4 cup water to your dough. Once a nice ball is formed, mix at medium-high speed for 5 minutes checking for consistency. Dough should not stick to bottom of bowl and should not be in more than one ball. When you touch the dough and pull your hand away, you should get just a little back on your finger.  If your finger sticks to the dough ball, add 1 T of flour, mix, and retest. If your finger is totally dry, add a few drops of water and mix, until it passes the test. Mix for a couple minutes more once you have the right consistency.
For hand kneading: stir with a spoon.  Once the ball is mostly formed, put the dough on a lightly floured work surface.  Knead the dough 8-10 minutes (longer than the mixer) until you have the same consistency as mixer directions
Remove from mixer
Form dough into ball w hands and lightly coat w 1 tsp oil in bowl
Cover bowl w plastic wrap and put in warm area 30 minutes or til dough doubles in size (I use the garage)
Preheat oven to 425
Punch down dough
Form loaf
Bake on baguette pan or cookie sheet lined w parchment paper 10-12 minutes or until hollow sounding when thumped.
Try to contain yourself, let cool 5min, eat

Submitter: 
Wonder Becky
Description: 
This easy to make bread goes well with any meal and requires few ingredients.  Everyone is always impressed by fresh baked bread.  If you follow my directions, they'll think you're an amazing chef, but you'll know just how easy it was.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1.25 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
