URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63275968/chocolate-daisies/
Title:
Chocolate Daisies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 stick real butter, no substitutes, softened
1/2 c white sugar
1 c flour
Frosting:
1/2 stick butter, no substitutes, softened
3 T cocoa
2-3 c powdered sugar
1 tsp vanilla extract
A few Tablespoons half and half cream

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325. Using electric mixer, whip butter until soft; add sugar and continue beating on low speed until fluffy.
Add flour, stir gently with spoon or spatula to combine, finishing with hands to mix well and form into a ball of dough.
Roll into 1 inch balls; place on cookie sheet and flatten balls with fingers to about 1/4 in thick. (Edges of dough will break apart and form "petals" - leave these as is).
Bake for 6 min; turn cookie sheet around and bake for 4-5 more min. Pull out of oven and use fingers or back of spoon to make an indention in the center of each cookie. Return to oven for 1-3 more min, or just until edges barely begin to show some color.  Let rest on cookie sheet 2-5 min before removing with a spatula.
Make frosting while cookies bake:
Place softened butter in large mixing bowl and beat with mixer until fluffy.  Add cocoa, vanilla, 2 c powdered sugar and 2 T half and half.  Mix on low speed until incorporated. More powdered sugar, cream, and/or cocoa, may be added as desired to achieve preferred texture, chocolate depth, and thickness for frosting. (My preference is soft frosting, medium chocolate, not too stiff, but enough to hold it's shape).
When cookies are completely cool, use pastry bag to pipe a large star of frosting in center of cookie, or a faster method is to use two teaspoons to spoon a large dollop of frosting onto center of cookie.  Let set 20 min before eating.... that is, if you can keep your family and guests out of them :)

Submitter: 
B L
Description: 
My version of a chocolate frosted shortbread cookie.  Super easy and very addictive.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 min
Ready in:
20 min
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
NA
