URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63275537/hg-eggnog-puddin-pie/
Title:
(HG) Eggnog Puddin' Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Crust
1 cup Fiber One Original bran cereal
2 sheets (8 crackers) low-fat honey graham crackers, broken into pieces
3 tbsp. Splenda No Calorie Sweetener (granulated) ?
1/2 tsp. cinnamon
1/4 cup light whipped butter or light buttery spread (like Brummel & Brown)
Filling
2 cups fat-free milk
1 small (4-serving) box Jell-O Sugar Free Fat Free Vanilla Instant pudding mix
1 tsp. rum extract
1/2 tsp. vanilla extract
1/4 tsp. ground nutmeg
2 dashes cinnamon
2 cups Cool Whip Free, thawed and divided
Optional: additional cinnamon, for topping

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Spray a large pie pan lightly with nonstick spray and set aside.
To make the crust, place cereal and graham cracker pieces in a blender or food processor, and grind to a breadcrumb-like consistency. Transfer to a medium bowl. Add Splenda and cinnamon, and set aside.
In a small microwave-safe bowl, combine butter with 2 tbsp. water. Microwave until just melted. Add to the medium bowl and stir contents until thoroughly mixed.
Evenly distribute crust mixture along the bottom of the pie pan, using your hands or a flat utensil to firmly press and form the crust. Press it into the edges and up along the sides of the pan.
Bake crust in the oven until firm, about 10 minutes. Set aside to cool.
To make the filling, pour milk into a large bowl. Add pudding mix, rum extract, vanilla extract, nutmeg, and cinnamon. Whisk until smooth, about 2 minutes. Gently but thoroughly fold 1 cup Cool Whip into pudding mixture. Allow to thicken in the fridge for at least 5 minutes.
Once crust has cooled and filling has thickened, evenly spread filling into the crust. Spread remaining 1 cup Cool Whip over the filling. Refrigerate until completely chilled and set, at least 1 hour.
If you like, just before serving, sprinkle the top of the pie with a few dashes of cinnamon. Cut into 8 slices and enjoy!

Submitter: 
Shannon Campbell
Description: 
this pie is SOOO delightful...
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
1.5 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
