URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63275195/grilled-tamarind-and-orange-glazed-chicken/
Title:
Grilled Tamarind and Orange Glazed Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/4 cup olive oil
2 tbsp herbs de provence (or fresh basil)
2 large garlic cloves, chopped
Salt and pepper, to taste
4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts
1 can low-sodium chicken broth
3/4-1 cup freshly squeezed orange juice and zest
1/4 cup granulated sugar
2 tbsp unsalted butter
2 tbsp tamarind concentrate (paste)
1 tbsp grated fresh ginger
3-4 drops Sriracha sauce, to taste
Salt and pepper, to taste

Directions:
In a medium bowl, whisk together olive oil, herbs, garlic, salt, and pepper. Add chicken to the marinade and mix until the chicken is coated. Cover and refrigerate for 1 to 6 hours, turning occasionally.
In a large saucepan, whisk together chicken broth, orange juice, orange zest, sugar, butter, tamarind concentrate, and ginger. Bring the mixture to a boil over medium-high heat and cook, whisking frequently, until the mixture is reduced to 3/4 cup and the glaze coats the back of a metal spoon, 25 to 30 minutes. (The glaze should remain at a vigorous boil for the entire time to ensure quick reduction.)
Remove from the heat and add several drops sriracha sauce, as well as salt and pepper, to taste.
Spray grill [pan] with nonstick cooking spray and heat grill to medium-high heat.
Pour a portion of the glaze into a small bowl to be used for basting. Reserve the rest of the glaze.
Transfer the chicken to the grill and discard the marinade. Grill until the chicken is cooked through, about 4 minutes per side, basting with the glaze on both sides of the chicken.
Spoon the reserved glaze over the chicken and enjoy!

Submitter: 
Sarah
Description: 
Bring some life to your usual chicken dinner. Tamarind concentrate is so easy to use and this recipe is the perfect introduction to it. *Note: I found my tamarind concentrate at Wegmans in the Asian foods aisle.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
