URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63277104/woobies/
Title:
Woobies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/861457.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cups water
3 hot dogs
2 cups all-purpose flour
4 teaspoons baking powder
2 teaspoons sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1/2 cup butter
1/2 teaspoon shortening
1 egg
1/3 cup milk
1 tablespoon of soft butter spread (melted)

Directions:
Line your crock pot/cookie sheet with tin foil
Preheat the crock pot/oven to 450 degrees F
Heat three cups of water in a saucepan. Cut your hot dogs into fifths. After a minute or two, add the hot dogs to the water.
Bring the water to a rolling boil. Allow water to boil for one minute, and then remove from heat. Cover and let sit off to the side.
Begin to prepare your blanket dough. In a small bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, garlic powder, sugar and salt. Cut in butter and shortening with a fork until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Beat egg with milk; stir into dry ingredients just until moistened.
Take your hot dogs from the saucepan and drain them in a strainer. Dry with paper towels.
Take a hand full of flour and put it on a plate. Dust hands with flour.
Pick up a small amount of biscuit dough, pat with flour and insert one piece of cut up hot dog. Roll the hot dog in the dough to make a round ball. Repeat with remaining hot dog bits.
Spray your foil with non-stick baking spray. Put the "woobies" in your preheated crock pot/oven and brush with melted butter spread and bake for 10-12 minutes or until the tops of the biscuits no longer squish under your finger.
Turn off the crock pot, turn over your woobies and let sit while it's still warm.
Remove woobies, top with favorite toppings, and enjoy!

Submitter: 
acatcalledmoo
Description: 
I make this when I'm low on hot dogs but still want to make pigs in a blanket. Most pigs in a blanket recipes use canned biscuit dough, but this dough is homemade. I used the Fluffy Biscuits Recipe as the base for the blanket dough. When my oven is broken I use a 5 qt crock pot.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
