URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63278799/asian-chicken-salad/
Title:
Asian Chicken Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the Dressing:
1/4 cup  reduced-sodium soy sauce
3 tablespoons  rice-wine vinegar
1 1/2 tablespoons  brown sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons  sesame oil
1 1/2 teaspoons  chile-garlic sauce (see Ingredient notes)
3 tablespoons  canola oil
1 tablespoon  minced fresh ginger
2 cloves  garlic, minced
1 tablespoon  tahini paste
3/4 cup  reduced-sodium chicken broth or reserved chicken-poaching liquid
For the Salad:
2 tablespoons  sesame seeds
8 cups  shredded napa cabbage (1 small head; see Ingredient notes)
1 1/2 cups  grated carrots (2-3 medium)
5   radishes, sliced (about 1 cup)
1/2 cup  chopped scallions
3 1/2 cups  shredded skinless cooked chicken (about 1 1/2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breast) You can also use cooked left-over chicken.

Directions:
FOR THE DRESSING:
Combine soy sauce, vinegar, brown sugar, sesame oil and chile-garlic sauce in a glass measuring cup; stir to blend. Heat canola oil in a small saucepan over medium-high heat. Add ginger and garlic; cook, stirring, until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the soy sauce mixture to the pan; bring to a simmer. Whisk in tahini and broth (or poaching liquid); cook until reduced slightly, 3 to 4 minutes. Let cool.
FOR THE SALAD:
Heat a small dry skillet over medium-low heat. Add sesame seeds and cook, stirring, until lightly browned and fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer to a small plate to cool.
Combine cabbage, carrots, radishes, scallions and chicken in a large shallow bowl. Stir dressing to recombine and drizzle over the salad; toss to coat. Sprinkle the sesame seeds on top.

Submitter: 
Sudie B
Description: 
An Asian-themed main dish salad--good for a hot summer day when you don't want to heat up the kitchen
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
