URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63271417/straight-up-deviled-eggs/
Title:
Straight-Up Deviled Eggs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 dozen large eggs
1/3 cup mayonnaise (I prefer Hellmann’s)
4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened
1/4 cup strong Dijon mustard (such as Amora or Maille)
Zest of 1/2 lemon
1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice
Pinch garlic powder
2 to 4 shakes hot sauce
Salt
Smoked paprika or minced fresh chives

Directions:
Fill a large bowl with cold water.
Place the eggs in a large saucepan or stockpot and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil, cover, then turn off the heat. Let the eggs sit for 15 minutes. Drain the eggs, then transfer them to the bowl of cold water. Let them sit for about 10 minutes, or until cool to the touch.
Carefully peel the eggs, keeping the whites intact. Cut in half across the middle or lengthwise, depending on your desired final presentation. Use your fingers or a small spoon to gently scoop out the yolks into a medium bowl. Set the whites aside on a platter or deviled egg plate, then cover and refrigerate.
Use a fork to mash the yolks until all large pieces are broken up and smooth. Add the mayonnaise, butter, mustard, lemon zest and juice, garlic powder and hot sauce. Stir well. Taste and season with salt. Transfer the mixture to a pastry bag or plastic zip-close bag and refrigerate overnight.
Just before serving or leaving for a summer event, snip off the tip of the piping bag (or one of the bottom corners of a zip-close bag) and squeeze the deviled egg mixture into the egg whites. Alternatively, you can use a small spoon to fill the egg white “boats” with the yolk mixture, but the presentation is less attractive.
Sprinkle the eggs with smoked paprika for classic eggs, or chives for a fancier version. Serve chilled.
Nutrition information per half egg (values are rounded to the nearest whole number): 70 calories; 45 calories from fat (64 percent of total calories); 5 g fat (2 g saturated; 0 g trans fats); 95 mg cholesterol; 2 g carbohydrate; 3 g protein; 0 g fiber; 80 mg sodium.

Submitter: 
baileyt0216
Description: 
from lubbock aj

Start to finish: 30 minutes (plus overnight chilling)

Makes 24 halves
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
