URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63271318/classic-meatloaf-sort-of/
Title:
Classic Meatloaf (Sort of) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Meatloaf Ingredients:
1/2 onion, coarsely chopped
1/2 bell pepper, coarsely chopped
3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped
2 jalapeno peppers (seeds removed)
3 roma tomatoes
2 1/2 pounds ground chuck
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
1 egg, beaten
1 teaspoon dried Italian herbs
2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1 cup Italian bread crumbs
1 teaspoon olive oil
Glaze Ingredients
see:  Spicy Ketchup recipe

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.
Place the  onion, bell pepper, mushrooms, tomatoes, jalapena and garlic in a food processor, and pulse until very finely chopped, almost to a puree. Place the minced vegetables into a large mixing bowl, and mix in ground chuck, Worcestershire sauce, and egg. Add Italian herbs, salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper. Incorporate vegetables and egg into the meat. Pour in bread crumbs. With your hand, mix in the crumbs with your fingertips until combined. Brush pan bottom and sides with (pre-prepared)Bill's Spicy Ketchup. After putting the meatloaf into pan, add spicy ketchup to the top.  Cut the meatloaf down the middle with a knife so the center will cook evenly.
Bake until the loaf is no longer pink inside, 45 minutes to an hour (depending on size of meatloaf pan). An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the loaf should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C).

Submitter: 
Bettie S
Description: 
The secrets to this meatloaf are fresh, very finely diced vegetables that give it moisture and flavor -- Bill's Spicy Ketchup, as a glaze,
 really gives it a zing.  Plain ketchup will do for those who don't like any heat.  (The jalapenos with seeds removed just add flavor.)Modified from: Classic Meatloaf
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
