URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63273733/crepes-with-normandy-caramel/
Title:
Crepes with Normandy Caramel Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Crepes:
1 cup all-purpose flour
2 eggs
1/2 cup milk
1/2 cup water
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoons butter, melted
Caramel:
1/2 cup salted butter
1/2 cup heavy cream
1 cup granulated sugar
1/2 cup water
pinch sea salt

Directions:
To make the crepes:
Process all the ingredients in a blender until smooth.
Let the batter rest in the refrigerator for at least 20 minutes
Melt a little butter in a crepe pan or large skillet over low-medium heat.
Add 3 tablespoons of batter to the pan and swirl until the bottom of the pan is covered with batter.
Cook the crepe for 1 minute, or until the crepe is slightly moist on top and golden underneath.
Loosen the edges of the crepe, slide the spatula under it, and then gently flip it upside down into the pan.
Cook for 1 minute and transfer the cooked crepe to a plate to keep warm.
To make the caramel:
In a saucepan set over medium-low heat, melt the butter in the heavy cream.
Immediately remove from the heat and set aside.
Place the sugar in a separate saucepan set over medium heat. Sprinkle the water over the sugar and allow it to dissolve over the heat without stirring. As the sugar begins to caramelize, occasionally shake and swirl the pan to evenly distribute the color.
When the caramel is a rich golden color, remove the pan from the heat and carefully add the hot cream and melted butter to the caramel.
Be careful, the hot caramel will bubble up the sides of the pan.
Return the caramel to the lowest heat setting, whisking constantly.
Cook and stir the salted butter caramel for 2 minutes over the low heat.
Remove from the heat and season the sauce with the sea salt
stir until it is dissolved completely.
To assemble the crepes:
Spoon 2 teaspoons of the caramel sauce down the center of a warm crepe and roll into a cylinder.
Garnish with creme fraiche or whipped cream.
Drizzle the crepes with additional caramel sauce, if desired.

Submitter: 
Wonder Becky
Description: 
Normandy, France is the home of salted butter caramel.  This dish combines the treat with another French favorite
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
