URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63288709/five-spice-turkey-cheeseburgers-over-mashed-sweet-potatoes/
Title:
Five Spice Turkey Cheeseburgers over Mashed Sweet Potatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 large sweet potatoes
1/2 cup almond flour or dried coconut (try this instead of bread crumbs!)
1 egg white
1 tablespoon diced white onion
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger root
1 teaspoon sea salt
3 tablespoons coconut sugar (or maple syrup)
1/2 teaspoon + 1/2 teaspon (divided)Chinese five-spice powder
1/4 teaspoon ground ginger
1/8 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 pound ground turkey
4 slices Gouda cheese
1/2 cup fresh spinach leaves  (optional)
4 pineapple rings

Directions:
Peel and cut sweet potatoes into large chunks and boil till soft.
Meanwhile, whisk together the bread crumbs, egg white, onion, soy sauce, minced ginger, five-spice powder, ground ginger, and pepper in a large bowl. Mix in turkey until just combined. Shape turkey mixture into four patties.
Mash sweet potatoes with butter, salt, coconut sugar, and 1/4 tsp five spice; cover and keep warm.
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat, and lightly oil the grate.
Cook on the preheated grill until the patties are no longer pink in the center, about 5 minutes per side for well done. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 160 degrees F (70 degrees C). Place a slice of gouda cheese on each patty; continue grilling until cheese has melted, about 1 minute. While the turkey patties are cooking, place the pineapple rings on the grill until softened, 2 to 3 minutes per side.
Assemble the burgers by placing a small mound of potatoes on plate. Divide the spinach leaves evenly among the potatoes, then top each serving with a turkey patty and grilled pineapple slice.

Submitter: 
Angela Sackett  Superhotmama
Description: 
Grilled pineapple, ginger, and Asian five-spice seasoning lend an almost Hawaiian quality to these delicious burgers topped with gouda cheese. They use turkey as an alternative to ground beef. (An adaptation of the original recipe to make it carb-friendly.)Modified from: Five Spice Turkey Cheeseburgers
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
