URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63284514/white-chocolate-raspberry-cheesecake/
Title:
White Chocolate Raspberry Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup chocolate graham cracker or Oreo cookie crumbs
3 tbsp white sugar
¼ cup butter, melted
1 (10-12 oz) package frozen raspberries
2 tbsp white sugar
2 tsp cornstarch
½ cup water
2 cups white chocolate chips
½ cup heavy cream
3 (8 oz) packages cream cheese, room-temperature
½ cup white sugar
3 eggs, room-temperature
1 tsp vanilla extract

Directions:
In a medium bowl, mix together cookie crumbs, 3 tablespoons sugar and melted butter.  Press mixture into the bottom of a 9 inch spring-form pan.
In a saucepan combine raspberries, 2 tablespoons sugar, cornstarch and water.  Bring to boil and continue boiling 5 minutes or until sauce is thick.  Strain sauce through a mesh strainer to remove seeds.
Preheat oven to 350°F.
In a double boiler scald the heavy cream (bring almost to a boil) then add the white chocolate chips and whisk until melted and smooth.  Remove from heat and set aside to cool.
Cut the cream cheese into quarters then warm in a microwave for 20 to 30 seconds.  Rotate each piece 180° then warm again for another 20 seconds or until very soft and warm to the touch.
In a large bowl beat the cream cheese with an electric hand or stand mixer until smooth and light then add the sugar and mix until combined.   Beat in eggs one at a time mixing well between additions.  Blend in vanilla and melted white chocolate/cream mixture.  Pour half of batter over crust.  Spoon 3 tablespoons raspberry sauce over batter.  Pour remaining cheesecake batter into pan and again spoon 3 tablespoons raspberry sauce over the top.  Swirl batter with the tip of a knife to create a marbled effect.
Bake for 10 minutes at 350°F then lower oven temp to 250°F and continue baking for another 75 to 80 minutes.  Turn off the oven and leave the cheesecake inside to finish baking for one hour.  Remove from oven and allow to cool for at least one hour.  Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for a minimum of 8 hours before removing from pan.
Serve with remaining raspberry sauce.

Submitter: 
Michael St. Laurent
Description: 
This makes an excellent cheesecake, similar to one you would get in a restaurant. Great for special occasions! Garnish with white chocolate curls if desired.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
10 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
