URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63283482/gooey-philadelphia-german-butter-cake/
Title:
Gooey Philadelphia German Butter Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/4 cup granulated sugar
1/4 cup butter flavored shortening, or 1/4 cup butter, room temperature
1/4 tsp. Salt
1 large egg
1 package active dry yeast
1/2 cup warm milk
2 1/4 cups flour
1 tbsp. Vanilla
Topping:
1 cup unsalted butter
2/3 cup flour
2 cups superfine sugar
2 extra large eggs
4-5 tbsp. Milk
1 tsp. Clear vanilla, optional

Directions:
Cream sugar, butter and salt in a bowl. Add egg and beat together for one minute. Dissolve yeast in warm milk. To the egg/sugar mixture, add flour, then yeast mixture and vanilla, beating about 3 minutes with a dough hook, or by hand. Turn dough onto a lightly floured board and knead for one minute. Place in a lightly greased bowl, cover with a clean towel, and let stand in a warm place to rise 1 hour, or until doubled. To make the topping, cream butter in a mixer. In a separate bowl, combine flour and sugar and gradually beat into nutter. Add eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add vanilla. Gradually add just enough milk to bring mixture to a spreading consistency, being careful to make sure it is not too runny. Set aside until dough is doubled and ready formuse. When dough is doubled, punch it down and divide it into two sections. Roll or pat halves into the bottoms of two well greased 8 inch square pans, or a 9X13 inch pan. Crimp edges half way up sides to hold topping. Prick dough with a fork to reduce bubbling. Spread topping evenly over the dough. Let stand 20 minutes. Heat oven to 375 degrees. Bake 30 minutes for 9X13, or 20 minutes in the two smaller pans, or until top is just golden and crusty, nut still gooey. Do not over bake.

Submitter: 
Julie Rehagen
Description: 
A rich, gooey German butter cake.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
100 m
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
