URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63280448/butternut-spinach-ravoli/
Title:
Butternut Spinach Ravoli Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 teaspoon olive oil
2 tablespoons water, or more if needed
2 eggs
2 cups all-purpose flour, or more if needed
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup mashed, roasted butternut squash (roast in olive oil and salt and pepper at 425 for 40 min)
1 C cooked spinach, chopped ans excess liquid squeezed out
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 pinch cayenne pepper
1/2 cup mascarpone cheese
1 egg yolk
1/3 cup grated Parmesan cheese
3 TB butter
2 Tb finely chopped green onion

Directions:
Place cooked squash and spinach into a mixing bowl. Add salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper. Stir in mascarpone cheese, egg yolk, and 1/3 cup Parmesan cheese, mixing until the filling is smoothly combined.
Whisk together 1 teaspoon olive oil, water, and whole eggs in a bowl until evenly blended; set aside. Combine flour and salt in a separate large bowl, and make a well in the center. Pour the egg mixture into the well and stir just until combined. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth, 5 to 10 minutes, adding more flour or water as needed. Wrap dough tightly with plastic wrap, and set aside to rest.
Roll the pasta dough out to about 1/16 inch thick. Cut 3 to 4-inch circles using a large cookie cutter. Roll each circle out as thin as possible. Working with one circle at a time, brush the pasta lightly with the egg white. Scoop about 1 heaping tablespoon full of the mushroom filling onto the center of the pasta, then cover with a second piece of pasta, pinching the edges to seal. Cut the sealed ravioli with the cookie cutter once more to create a uniform shape. Place the finished ravioli on a floured baking sheet, and repeat the process with the remaining pasta and filling.
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat. Once the water is boiling, stir in the ravioli and return to a boil. Cook until the pasta floats to the top, 3 to 4 minutes; drain.
To make sauce: Melt butter in a skillet over high heat, cooking and stirring until browned, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in 1 1/2 teaspoons chives. Serve over hot ravioli.

Submitter: 
Noelleinaboot
Description: 
Yum
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
