URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63284679/foolproof-never-fail-wonder-pie-crust-and-pastry-dough/
Title:
Foolproof, Never Fail, Wonder Pie Crust and Pastry Dough Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/885898.jpg
Ingredients:
4 cups all-purpose flour
1 3/4 cups shortening or lard
1 tablespoon sugar
2 teaspoons salt
1 tablespoon vinegar
1 egg
1/2 cup very cold water

Directions:
Add flour, shortening or lard, sugar, and salt to a large bowl.
Mix flour and shortening or lard with a pastry cutter until it looks nice and crumbly. In a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, egg, and water. Add to the flour mixture, stirring in till well-moistened. Knead lightly to mix in all the flour then shape it into a great, big, wonderful ball of pastry dough. (Don’t overhandle.)
Admire it for a moment and think about how proud the little old church ladies are going to be.
And about how wonderful it is to live in a world that includes pie.
Then divide the dough into four equal portions.
Shape each portion into a ball; wrap with plastic and refrigerate for at least 15 minutes before using. Or, if you want to use it faster, stick it in the freezer for 5 minutes. (You can keep this pie crust dough in the refrigerator for a week before using, or in the freezer for a couple of months. It freezes well–place dough balls in sealed freezer bags for storage.)
To use, sprinkle some flour on waxed paper. Sprinkle some more flour on top of the pastry dough then roll out, adding more flour if necessary to keep it from sticking to your rolling pin. Place in a greased pie pan. I like to just up-end the rolled crust right off the waxed paper on top of the pie pan. Peel off the paper then crimp the edges.
For double-crust pie, repeat the same procedure, venting the top.
This recipe makes two 9-inch double-crust pies or four single-crust pies. This is a great pastry for tarts and pot pies, etc, as well as standard dessert pies.

Submitter: 
Wonder Becky
Description: 
This is the flakiest, tastiest, most foolproof pie crust I've ever made or eaten.  You can't overwork it like some.  You don't have to pre-chill it and hope it doesn't shrink like others.  There is a secret ingredient that you'd never guess.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
32
Nutritional Facts:
NA
