URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63284703/beer-can-chicken/
Title:
Beer Can Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 twelve ounce can of beer
1 whole chicken (3-1/2 to 4 lbs)
2 tbsp basic BBQ rub (recipe to follow)
BASIC BBQ RUB
1/4 c firmly packed brown sugar
1/4 sweet paprika
3 Tbsp black pepper
3 Tbsp coarse salt
1 Tbsp hickory-smoked salt or more coarse salt
2 tsp garlic powder
2 tsp onion powder
2 tsp celery seeds
1 tsp cayenne pepper
Combine all rub ingredients  in mixing bowl.  Use your fingers to break up any lumps of brown sugar and mix the spices. Store in airtight jar away from heat or light.  It will keep at least six months.  Yields about 1 cup.

Directions:
Pop top off of beer can.  Using a church key style can opener make a few more holes in the top of the can.  Pour out half of the beer.  (If using wood chips to add smoke to the chicken, use this to soak the chips).  Set the half full can aside.
Set up the grill for indirect grilling and preheat to medium.
Remove the giblets and other parts from the body of the chicken.
Remove and discard the fat just inside the body and neck cavities.
Rinse the chicken inside and out under cold running water.  Drain and blot chicken dry with paper towels.
Sprinkle 2 tsp of the rub inside the body and neck cavities.  Coat the outside of the bird with another 2 tsp. Spoon remaining  2 tsp of rub through the holes into the beer can.  (Don't worry if it foams up; this is expected).
Insert the beer can into the body cavity of the chicken and spread out the legs to form a sort of tripod.
Tuck wing tips behind the chicken's back.
Stand the chicken up on the grill, not directly over the coals or gas flame.
Cover grill and cook chicken until skin is dark golden and very crisp and the meat is cooked through, about 1-1/4 to 1-1/2 hours.
Using tongs carefully transfer the chicken in its upright position on the beer can to a platter.
Let rest 5 min then carefully remove chicken fro the beer can.  Carve and serve.

Submitter: 
NJHoffman
Description: 
Recipe since 2001 (Spokesman Review) that we like the most.  Have shared this recipe multiple times after serving it.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
