URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63284093/fillet-of-beef-with-sour---cream-sauce-svickova-na-smetane/
Title:
Fillet Of Beef With Sour - Cream Sauce (Svickova Na Smetane) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/864482.jpg
Ingredients:
3 pounds fillet of beef or eye round, rolled and tied securely at 1-inch intervals
1/2 pound onions, sliced
1 cup diced celery
2/3 cup diced carrots
1 cup diced parsnips
1/4 cup diced bacon
8 peppercorns
4 whole allspice
2 bay leaves
1 teaspoon salt
Freshly ground black pepper
1/4 teaspoon thyme
1 tablespoon melted butter
2 cups beef or chicken stock, fresh or canned (plus 1/2 cup if needed)
THE SAUCE
1 tablespoon lemon juice
2 cups sour cream
2 tablespoons flour

Directions:
1. Place the beef in a 4- or 5-quart casserole or saucepan and add the onions, celery, carrots, parsnips, bacon, peppercorns, allspice, bay leaves, salt, a few grindings of pepper and the thyme.
2. Dribble the melted butter evenly over the meat and vegetables. It is customary to marinate the meat in this mixture for at least 24 hours. However, this step may be omitted.
3. Preheat the oven to 450°F. Bake the fillet, uncovered, in the middle of the oven for 25 to 30 minutes, or until the vegetables and meat are lightly browned, turning the meat once during this time. Lower the temperature to 350°F.
4. Pour 2 cups of stock, first brought to a boil in a saucepan, into the casserole and bake for 1 hour longer, turning the meat occasionally.
5. Add more stock only if the liquid seems to be cooking away too rapidly. Arrange the finished beef on a platter and keep it warm in a 200°F oven while you make the sauce.
THE SAUCE:
1. Pour the contents of the casserole through a sieve, pressing hard on the vegetables with a wooden spoon before discarding them, then return the stock to the casserole. Bring the sauce to a simmer over medium heat.
2. In a mixing bowl, add 2 tablespoons of the sauce to the sour cream, then beat in the flour with a wire whisk. Stir the mixture into the casserole. Cook for 3 or 4 minutes without boiling.
3. Add the lemon juice. Taste for seasoning. Serve the beef sliced and the sauce separately

Submitter: 
canadagirl
Description: 
a very warm a delighting dish
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
