URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63288975/spicy-chicken-chow-mein-noodles/
Title:
Spicy Chicken Chow Mein Noodles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/639557.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pkg (1/2 if large pack) Thin spaghetti Noodles
3-4 Boneless Skinless Chicken Breasts
6 tbsp vegetable oil
5-6 tbsp Soy Sauce
1/2 - 3/4 bottle of VH General Tao stir fry sauce (or any stir fry sauce you prefer)
1/2 cup of Water
1 cup Coleslaw mix (white and red cabbage,
1 tsp Cayenne Pepper
1 tsp Black Pepper
1 tsp Garlic powder
1 tsp ginger
Dash of sugar

Directions:
Bring a large pot of water (add salt and a bit of vegetebale oil) to a boil. Cook noodles until tender, about 2-5 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water; set aside.
Meanwhile, wash Bean Sprouts, Snow Peas, Corn and set aside.
Clean and thinly slice chicken breasts. Season with the Black pepper, Cayenne and Seasoning Salt and approx 1 tsp of the General Tao sauce.
In large wok or skillet, heat half the vegetable oil over med heat; stir-fry chicken mixture for 2-3 minutes or until cooked. Add the 1/2-3/4 bottle of VH General Tao stir fry sauce, 1/2 cup of Water, Snow Peas and Corn to the chicken and let cook for another 2-3 minutes. Let sit on low heat while you move to last step.
In the large pot used to boil water, heat 1 tbsp vegetable oil over med-low heat, add drained noodles and the 4-5 tbsp Soy Sauce and stir until noodles are a med brown colour (you may need to add a bit more soy sauce depending on how much noodles you used). Throw in the Chicken and vegetable mixture and toss to combine. Add the Bean sprouts and a coleslaw last and stir. I prefer adding sprouts and slaw last so that it has a bit of a crunch. If you prefer less crunchy then just cover mixed chow mein for about five minutes.

Submitter: 
Kelly
Description: 
A DELICIOUS and easy spicy chow mein noodle recipe.Modified from: Spicy Chicken Chow Mein Noodles
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15-20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
