URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63287602/bbq-tri-tip-roast-with-santa-maria-dry-rub/
Title:
BBQ Tri Tip Roast with Santa Maria Dry Rub Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 Tri Tip roast abt, 1 to 1.5 lbs
1-2 TBS Good Olive Oil
Santa Maria Dry Rub:
5 Tsp. Kosher or Sea salt
2 Tsp. Black Pepper
2 Tsp. White Pepper
1 Tsp. Onion Powder
3 Tsp. Granulated Garlic
* To add more heat, add 1/2 tsp Cayenne Pepper or Red Pepper flakes.
Your favorite BBQ sauce (We like KC Masterpiece for this bc it seems to add a nice sweetness to compliment the spiciness).
4-6 Good quality rolls or tortillas

Directions:
Rub a good olive oil onto the meat surface prior to seasoning, doing this will allow the dry rub to adhere better and dissolve even more quickly.
Mix dry rub ingredients and save in a good quality plastic bowl w/ tight seal.
Rub meat all over with 1-2 TBS dry rub. Allow rub to sit on meat for several hours to overnight.
Use HI TEMP grill to start and sear meat on all sides.
Reduce heat to 1 burner on LOW HEAT and place meat on opposite side to complete grilling. Turn once after abt 20 min.
Figure 15 min/pound bc this IS beef, so it will be done rather quickly, for medium rare.
For last 5-7 min., baste generously with a favorite BBQ sauce to finish over 2 medium burners for a nice crust.
Let roast sit lightly covered on a warmed platter, about 10 minutes for juices to settle before slicing.
Place your cutting board in a cookie sheet to catch juices. We slice it thin for sandwiches w/ extra BBQ sauce and cheese (American, Smoked Gouda, whatever your pleasure). Place meat in serving platter and pour juices over meat. Serve at once!

Submitter: 
Joyce Janezic Gagnon
Description: 
Tri Tip roast and Dry Rub for meats/ BBQ. Use for BBQ sandwiches, or as fajitas, etc. Company loves this for a great cookout. Be careful though, bc the aromas seem to draw the neighbors from everywhere!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 min
Ready in:
1 hr 30 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
