URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63284108/heathers-homemade-biscuits/
Title:
Heather's Homemade Biscuits Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
•	8 cups all-purpose, unbleached flour, plus extra for your board and cutter
•	2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons baking powder
•	2 tablespoons kosher salt
•	2 tablespoons sugar
•	2 teaspoons baking soda
•	3 cold sticks unsalted butter
•	3 cups cultured buttermilk

Directions:
Preheat your oven to 400 degrees F. Meanwhile, gather the flour, baking powder, salt, sugar and baking soda into your large mixing bowl and whisk together until fully incorporated. Now cut your butter into small cubes with your bench knife or straight edge knife and place into the bowl. Using your pastry cutter, cut the butter into the dry mixture in a downward twisting motion until you reach a sandy texture. At this point, your dry mix should feel like beach sand, but if there are some slightly larger pieces of butter remaining this is okay. Those pieces will create the flaky effect when the biscuits begin to cook.
Now, create a well in the center of your bowl of dry ingredients. Pour the buttermilk into the center of the bowl. Using your hands (this will feel funny and get messy), incorporate all the ingredients until the dough begins to come together and become one. Now put a small amount of flour on a flat surface and continue to bring the dough together, making sure not to knead the dough or overwork it. Use some of that extra flour to bring it all together and get the dough off your fingers too. Now spread out and flatten the dough so it's about the height of your flattened hand. Using your biscuit cutter (dip it in some flour to keep any dough from sticking to it), cut out 24 biscuits, reworking the dough if need be. Place a piece of parchment paper on your cookie sheet and line up the cut biscuits, 4 by 6. Place the biscuits into the oven and cook until golden brown, about 20 minutes. Remove the biscuits and let cool for about 5 minutes before handling. These biscuits are great for breakfast with eggs and bacon, or alone as a snack.

Submitter: 
canadagirl
Description: 
very good and flakey
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
45 min
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
