URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63286146/carrot-cake-with-lemon-pineapple-filing/
Title:
Carrot Cake with lemon pineapple filing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/865375.jpg
Ingredients:
2 C. All purpose flour
1 1/2 tsp. Baking Powder
1/2 tsp. Baking Soda
1 tsp. Ginger
1 tsp. Cinnamon
1/4 tsp. Cloves
3 Eggs
1 C. Granulated sugar
1 C. Pineapple yogourt
1 C. grated carrots
1 C. walnuts (chopped)
Filling:
1 C. Pineapple chunks (diced finely)
2 Lemons (juice and zest)
3 Tbsp. Flour
3 Tbsp. Cornstarch
1 C. Granulated sugar
1 1/2 C. Boiling water
3 Egg yolks
Icing:
2 C. Icing sugar
1/2 C. butter (softened)
1/2 tsp Vanilla (optional)
2 Tbsp. Milk

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 F ( 176 C)
Grease 2 (9" round cake pans lined with parchment paper)
In a small mixing bowl combine flour and spices together and set aside
Break the eggs into a large mixing  bowl along with sugar and beat with an electric mixer until light and frothy
Stir grated carrots and chopped walnuts into egg mixture until light and fluffy
Starting with the dry ingredients add alternately to the first mixture along with the pineapple yogourt
Pour batter into prepared cake pans lined with parchment paper
Bake in preheated oven for 25 minutes
When cakes have cooled cut off top portions to make a smooth fit when placing cake layers on top of one another
Filling:
Juice and zest 2 lemons and set aside
Drain juice from pineapple and dice finely
In a saucepan combine sugar, cornstarch and flour together then add lemon juice, pineapple and zest
Pour boiling water over mixture in saucepan and cook over medium heat until nicely thickened
Remove mixture from heat and add a small amount of mixture to egg yolks and stir well
Pour egg yolks into stirred mixture and return to heat for a few minutes until mixture is thick and then cool over a bowl filled with ice cubes until cooled then spread between cake layers
Put cake in refrigerator to completely cool and then ice with butter icing.

Submitter: 
Cheerios
Description: 
A very moist cake with carrots, walnuts and pineapple yogurt in the cake and luscious lemon pineapple filling in the middle to give the cake a soft center.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
