URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63290020/bobbys-caramel-cake/
Title:
Bobby's Caramel Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the cake:
1 cup (2 sticks) butter, at room temperature
2 cups granulated sugar
4 eggs
3 cups sifted self-rising flour
1 cup milk
1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
For the filling:
1 cup (2 sticks) butter
2 cups packed light brown sugar
1/4 cup milk
1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract

Directions:
For the cake:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Grease and flour 3 (9-inch) cake pans.
Using an electric mixer, cream butter until fluffy. Add granulated sugar and continue to cream well for 6 to 8 minutes.
Add eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition.
Add flour and milk alternately to creamed mixture, beginning and ending with flour.
Add vanilla and continue to beat until just mixed. Divide batter equally among prepared pans.
Level batter in each pan by holding pan 3 or 4-inches above counter dropping it flat onto counter. Do this several times to release air bubbles and assure you of a more level cake.
Bake for 25 minutes or until golden brown.
For the filling:
While cake is baking, in a saucepan, combine butter, brown sugar, and milk.
Cook and stir over medium heat for 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in vanilla.
Remove cake layers from oven and allow cake to remain in pans as you prepare to stack and fill. Remove first layer and invert onto cake plate.
Pierce cake layer with a toothpick over entire surface.
Spread 1/3 of filling mixture on cake layer.
Top with second layer, repeat process.
Top with last layer and repeat process again.
*Cook's Note: As I stack layers together, I stick them with toothpicks to prevent cake from shifting.
Frost with Bobby's Caramel Cake Frosting.

Submitter: 
Terri Myers
Description: 
Recipe courtesy Paula Deen, 2007.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
