URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63298694/darlas-delicious-strawberry-shortcakes/
Title:
Darla's Delicious Strawberry Shortcakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/870483.jpg
Ingredients:
Ingredients for Red & Blue Berry Sauce
3 cups water
2 1/2 cups white granulated sugar
1 tsp pure vanilla extract
1 tbsp cinnamon
12 oz bag of mixed frozen berries
Ingredients for Craisin Biscuit
2 cups flour
3 tsp baking powder
1 tsp salt
6 tsp shortening or butter
2/3 cup water
Ingredients for Homemade Whipped Cream
1 cup heavy whipping cream
1 tsp pure vanilla extract
1 tsp confectioner's sugar

Directions:
Directions for Craisin Biscuits
Preheat oven to 450'F.  Mix all ingredients in a medium-size mixing bowl. Add enough flour to knead easily.  Mix together for about 5 minutes. Use a tablespoon to spoon dough onto greased cookie sheet.  Bake for 10 to 12 min. Let cool down for 20 minutes before cutting and serving.
Directions for Homemade Whipped Cream
In a large bowl, whip cream until stiff peaks are just about to form. Whip in vanilla and sugar until peaks form. Make sure not to over whip; cream will then become lumpy or butter-like. Refrigerate for at least 30 Minutes, DON'T FREEZE!!!!
Directions for Red & Blue Berry Sauce
In a medium sauce pot add; water, sugar, vanilla extract, cinnamon, and mixed frozen berries. Bring to a boil and reduce heat, stirring occasionally.  Add heat every five minutes then reduce again.  Repeat for about 20 to 30 minutes. Let sauce cool down in refrigerator for 20 minutes, NOT the freezer. Once all items have cooled, cut biscuits in half. Spoon whipped cream on one half of the biscuit, then top with fruit sauce.  Place other half of biscuit on top and sprinkle with confectioner's sugar. Enjoy!!!!

Submitter: 
L'amore il Cibo
Description: 
This is my Fourth of July Sweet Escape for my American Fusion Cuisine! It was rainy, dreary and humid in Arizona this year, so we stayed inside. I thought, what better way to celebrate The Fourth than by making a traditional dessert with a small twist; as always. Instead of shortcake, it's made with a Craisin biscuit!!!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
50
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
