URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63292450/rockins-latino-inspired-chicken-and-rice/
Title:
Rockin's Latino Inspired Chicken and Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 gloves garlic peeled and chopped
1 Tbls cider vinegar
1 Tbls Adobo seasoning (found in the grocers ethinic food section)
4-5 skinless boneless chicken thighs*
4 skinless boneless chicken breast halves(*I buy in bulk at the local warehouse store)
1/3 cup vegetable oil
1/3 cup olive oil
1 medium onion sliced
2 small mild banana peppers, seeded and diced (can sub with any pepper 3/4 cup diced)
1/4 cup recaito (found in the grocers ethinic food section)
1 cup tomato sauce
1 12oz can beer
3 cups short grain rice
3.5 cups boiing chicken broth
1/2 cup green pimento stuffed olives drained and roughly sliced (not thin slices)
2 teas salt
1 teas pepper
1 cup cooked peas, corn and carrots for garnish

Directions:
Combine garlic, vinegar and Adobo.
Smather the garlic mixture on the chicken pieces, cover and refrigerate at least an hour or over night.
In a large skillet heat vegetable oil and saute the chicken pieces 3 minutes on each side. Drain and set aside.
Heat olive oil in the skillet and saute onions and peppers.
Add recaito, tomato sauce and beer. Stir to combine.
Add chicken pieces back to the skillet pushing them into the veggy mixture and cook an additional 5 minutes on medium low.
Stir in the rice, chicken broth, oives, salt and pepper and bring to a boil.
Reduce the heat to low, stir well, cover and cook for 20 minutes or until liquid has absorbed.
Serve on a beautiful platter with the cooked peas, corn and carrots sprinkled over top.

Submitter: 
Rhonda Holtz Hill
Description: 
If you like comfort, flavor and one dish meals this little ditty will fit the bill. I might add that it has alot of nutrional value and my family loved it! It is in our Do-Over file!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
60 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
