URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63299681/bon-appetits-hoisin-glazed-meatloaf-sandwiches/
Title:
Bon Appetit's Hoisin-Glazed Meatloaf Sandwiches Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
HOISIN GLAZE
3/4 cup hoisin sauce
1/2 cup unseasoned rice vinegar
1 1-inch piece ginger, peeled, minced
1 garlic clove, minced
MEATLOAF
Nonstick vegetable oil spray
2 cups 1/2-inch cubes day-old crustless white bread (from 2 slices)
1/2 cup low-salt chicken broth
4 slices bacon, minced
1 1/3 cups thinly sliced scallions (dark green parts separated)
3 celery stalks, minced (about 1 cup)
1 4-inch piece ginger, peeled, minced
7 garlic cloves, minced
1 pound ground beef
1 pound ground pork
2 large eggs, beaten to blend
3 whole star anise, finely ground in a spice mill (about 2 teaspoons ground), or 1 teaspoon Chinese five-spice powder
2 teaspoons kosher salt
1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
SALAD (optional)
1 cup each matchstick-size pieces peeled carrots, cucumbers, and radishes
3/4 cup unseasoned rice vinegar
Pinch of kosher salt
Pinch of sugar
4 teaspoons (or more) vegetable oil, divided
12 thick slices white sandwich bread, toasted
1 cup chopped fresh cilantro

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375°. Coat the bottom and sides of loaf pan with nonstick spray and set aside. In a large bowl, soak bread cubes in chicken broth, stirring frequently, until liquid is absorbed and bread is beginning to fall apart, 4–5 minutes. Cook bacon in a large heavy skillet over medium heat until fat is rendered and bacon is starting to crisp. Add scallions (white and pale-green parts only), celery, ginger, and garlic; cook, stirring often, until vegetables begin to soften, 3–4 minutes. Let cool in pan for 5 minutes.
Combine scallion and bread mixtures in a large bowl. Add 2 Tbsp. hoisin glaze, remaining scallions (dark-green parts), beef, pork, and remaining 4 ingredients. Using your hands, work all ingredients together until very well incorporated and mixture is beginning to get sticky. Pack mixture into prepared pan, pressing to eliminate any air pockets and mounding in center. Cover with foil. Line a rimmed baking sheet with foil; place loaf pan on top.
Bake meatloaf for 30 minutes. Uncover and spread 2 Tbsp. hoisin glaze over top. Bake until an instant-read thermometer registers 165° when inserted into center of meatloaf, about 1 hour longer.
Let meatloaf rest for 20 minutes. Using flexible spatulas, transfer meatloaf to a platter or cutting board.
Toss vegetables, next 3 ingredients, and 2 tsp. oil in a medium bowl to coat. Cover and chill, tossing occasionally, for 1 hour or up to 1 day ahead.
Cut meatloaf into 12 slices. Fry meatloaf slices until browned in spots and heated through, about 2 minutes per side.
Place toasts on plates; brush with hoisin glaze and top with a meatloaf slice. Drain salad, if using; mound on top of meatloaf, dividing equally. Garnish with cilantro.

Submitter: 
Gregg Hollander
Description: 
Delicious on its own, this thoroughly modern meatloaf takes on a terrine-like texture when chilled overnight, just right for deluxe open-face sandwiches with a banh mi-like flavor profile.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
a while
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
