URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63293077/changs-copy-cat-mongolian-beef/
Title:
Chang's Copy Cat Mongolian Beef Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tsp vegetable oil
1/2 tsp ginger, minced
1 tbsp garlic, chopped
1/2 soy sauce
1/2 cup water
3/4 cup dark brown sugar
vegetable oil, for frying (about 1 cup)
1 lb flank steaks
1/4 cup cornstarch
2 large green onions

Directions:
Make the sauce by heating 2 tsp of vegetable oil in a medium saucepan over med/low heat.
Don't let the oil get too hot.
Add ginger and garlic to the pan and quickly add the soy sauce and water before the garlic scorches.
Dissolve the brown sugar in the sauce, then raise the heat to about medium and boil the sauce for 2-3 minutes or until the sauce thickens.
Remove it from heat.
Slice the flank steak against the grain into 1/4" thick bite-size slices (tilt blade 45 degrees).
Dip the steak pieces into the cornstarch to apply a very thin dusting to both sides of each piece of beef.
Let the beef sit for about 10 minutes so that the cornstarch sticks.
As the beef sits, heat up one cup of oile in a wok (or skillet).
Heat the oil over medium heat until it's nice an hot, but not smoking.
Add the beef to the oil and saute for just two minutes, or until beef just begins to darken on the edges.
You don't need a thorough cooking here since the beef is going to be cooked more.
To cook evenly, stir around a little.
After a couple of minutes, use a large slotted spoon to take the meat out and put on paper towel, then pour  oil out of wok.
Put the pan back over the heat, dump the meat back in and simmer for 1 minute.
Add the sauce, cook for one minute while stirring, then add all the green onions.
Cook for one more minute, then remove the beef and onions with tongs to serving plate.
Can leave the excess sauce behind or eat over rice.

Submitter: 
jodygreiner
Description: 
Great homemade version of Mongolian beef.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
90 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
