URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63298994/mamma-christys-special-mouth-full-butt-kickin-slow-cooked-beef-stew-with-veggies-lots-of-luv/
Title:
Mamma Christy’s special mouth-full butt-kickin’ slow cooked beef stew with veggies’ & lots of luv! Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/870606.jpg
Ingredients:
1lb boneless top sirloin choice beef loin (bite size chunks)
1 can 10 ¾ oz Campbell’s creamy mushroom soup
1 envelope Lipton recipe secrets beefy onion soup mix
1 can 14.5oz S&W; organic diced tomatoes (undrained)
1 can 14.5oz S&W; diced tomatoes with green chilies & spices (undrained)
1 can 4oz diced green Ortega chilies (undrained)
2/3 cup red wine
10 oz petite carrots
2 green bell peppers (chopped)
8 baby blue potatoes or red potatoes (chopped)
1 large sweet maui onion (chopped)
8oz baby bella mushrooms (sliced)
7 garlic clove (minced)
¼ cup organic raw coconut flour or all purpose flour
1 tbsp organic extra virgin coconut oil
1 tsp liquid smoke
1 tbsp organic curry powder
1 fresh habanero pepper, diced (without seeds)
1 tsp organic whole thyme leaves
1 tbsp Simply Asia - sweet ginger garlic seasoning
1 ½ tsp ground ginger
2 tbsp fennel seed
1 tsp celery salt
1 tbsp smoked paprika
Sour cream (optional)
Salt & cracked pepper to taste

Directions:
Heat the extra virgin coconut in a large skillet over medium heat.
Coat beef with coconut flour, add the beef to the skillet with 1/3 cup red wine, liquid smoke, ground ginger, smoked paprika  and brown the beef on all sides (you’re not looking to fully cook it through, only brown the outsides).
Remove the beef from the skillet, reserving the juices, and season it with salt and pepper to taste.
Next add the minced garlic in the skillet (add additional coconut oil if necessary) Cook and stir the mixture for about 2 minutes or until tender. Turn off the heat and season the curry powder.
Place the onion in the bottom of a slow cooker (creating a bed of sorts) and layer the top of the onion bed with the browned beef, pour rest of red wine. Scoop the skillet garlic mixture into the slow cooker on top of the beef and add in the rest of vegetables, spices, onion soup mix and cans of goodness.
Cover, and cook 6 to 8 hours on the Low setting. (Meantime go to work, or life’s the beach)!
Serve with dollop of sour cream, salt & cracked pepper to taste & enjoy with a glass of red wine!

Submitter: 
MsChristy
Description: 
Love to make my family & friends have a healthy & hearty dish...(my boyfriend actually indulges for breakfast too)!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
