URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63296713/darlas-coconut-red-curry-chicken-and-fish-dinner/
Title:
Darla's Coconut Red Curry Chicken and Fish Dinner Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/869741.jpg
Ingredients:
1 can beef broth
3 tbsp red curry paste
2 tbsp cayenne pepper
4 tbsp peanut butter
1 can coconut milk
3 red chile peppers
2 tbsp vegetable oil
1 bone-in, skin-on chicken breast
1/2 chopped red onion
1/4 diced thickly daikon
2 cups rice
3 1/2 cups water
1 fillet of white fish
3 tsp flour

Directions:
Start by combining the beef broth, red curry paste, cayenne, peanut butter, coconut milk, and chile peppers  in a large pot. Use a wire whisk to stir together evenly, cover and bring to a boil. Heat oil in skillet, add chicken when oil is HOT.Sear Chicken on all side till golden, then add to broth. . Cover pot and cook for 15 more minutes. While it heats, slice and dice your red onion and daikon to bite size, set aside. Add water and rice to pan and bring to a boil.  Reduce heat to medium-low and cover, leave the lid slightly angled.  When craters form in rice, reduce heat to low and cover tightly with lid.  Cut fish into cubes and set aside. Add red onion, daikon, and white fish 4 minutes before done cooking. Take 3 cups of broth in sauce pan heat on medium high heat; use wire whisk and beat while adding flour very slowly to make thickened curry.

Submitter: 
L'amore il Cibo
Description: 
Darla's Thai-American Fusion Heatwave,WARNING HEAT ADVISORY

  So this little number is one of my favorites to make for those who say they like heat. Now it's going to knock your socks off, but you can calm it down for you everyday medium heat people - just cut the spices in half.  For the rest of you, I am proud of the HEAT and FLAVOR because you get BOTH in this dish!!!Now  that I've warned you, let's get right into this 20 minute delight.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5
Ready in:
20
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
