URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63302873/darlas-refreshing-spanish-pork-blueberry-and-watermelon-salad/
Title:
Darla's Refreshing Spanish Pork, Blueberry, and Watermelon Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/872173.jpg
Ingredients:
Salad Ingredients
2 boneless pork chop
2 tbsp Spanish chili powder
pinch of sea salt
1 tsp red pepper flakes
1 lime
1/2 cup blueberries
1 cup sliced grapes
4 stalks scallions
2 cups cubed watermelon
1 bag of mixed spring greens
Dressing Ingredients
1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and coarsely chopped
1 clove garlic
3/4 tsp minced fresh ginger root
1/4 cup lime juice
1/3 cup honey
2 tsp vinegar your choice
1/4 cup packed cilantro leaves
1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil
sea salt to taste

Directions:
Start by heating up your foreman grill.  Season boneless pork chop with chili powder, sea salt, and red pepper flakes. Place on grill and close grill for 4  minutes. Cut lime and squeeze over meat, let pork chops rest for 5 minutes before slicing.
Add jalapenos,garlic,ginger,lime juice,honey, vinegar, cilantro, olive oil to food processor and pulse to desired consistency.  Add salt and blend one more minute.
Chop up grapes, blueberries, scallions, and cube watermelon.  Wash your spring greens and dry. Add spring greens, grapes, blueberries, watermelon, and scallions. Drizzle dressing and toss salad. Place on serving dish, add sliced pork chops, and enjoy!!!

Submitter: 
L'amore il Cibo
Description: 
After coming home from a nine day road trip I was in need of some REAL food and something refreshing! I also wanted to try something new and I had always known chili and watermelon went together because I grew up around Latin culture. So when I found out my fiance had taken out pork chops to defrost; I knew right away I wanted to try this out! It came out just the way I had hoped; filling, a little spice, and refreshing!!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
20
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
