URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63309904/nuff-said-maple-bacon-fudge/
Title:
'Nuff Said Maple Bacon Fudge Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3/4 c. milk
2 sq. Bakers' unsweetened chocolate
2 c. sugar
3 tbsp. butter cut into 3 squares
2 tbsp. vanilla
1 lb maple bacon (smoked if possible)

Directions:
Remove bacon from the package, and slice cross-wise into 1/4" pieces.  Don't worry about them being stuck together, they'll release when you cook them.  Place in a hot pan, and cook until crispy, then drain on a paper towel.  If you refrigerate this, make sure you let it come to room temperature before adding to the fudge.
Combine milk and chocolate over med. high heat until well blended (about 2-3 min) while stirring.
As soon as it is blended, add all of the sugar at once.  Stir with spatula or whisk, ensuring to clean the sides of the pan as much as possible.
Place your candy thermometer on the pan, and continue cooking and stirring until the mixture has reached 236 - 238 degrees (F), then immediately remove from heat.
Add the bacon, and mix in until it has been thoroughly coated (don't worry about it sinking to the bottom; it will be fine).
Place butter squares on top of the mixture, and pour vanilla on top.
DO NOT DISTURB this mix until it has reached 110 - 115 degrees (F).
Prepare an 8" x 8" pan by lining with foil, and coating the bottom with butter.
Once cooled to 110 - 115 degrees, mix thoroughly until the butter and vanilla have been incorporated into the mixture.  Pour out into pan, and place in the refrigerator for 30 min.
After 30 min, remove and score the top for 5 even sections.  Place back in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours.
Cut, then serve & enjoy!

Submitter: 
DWCarlson
Description: 
We all love fudge.  We all love bacon!  This tasty treat combines two of the best foods on the planet into one delicious delicacy that will be sure to turn into your friends' legendary stories of your culinary prowess.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
25
Nutritional Facts:
NA
