URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63303301/cheesy-good-breakfast-tartlets/
Title:
Cheesy-Good Breakfast Tartlets Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup egg substitute
8 small square wonton wrappers
2 slices extra-lean turkey bacon
1 cup chopped mushrooms
1/3 cup chopped scallions
1 wedge The Laughing Cow Light Original Swiss cheese, room temperature
2 T fat-free cream cheese, room temperature
48 sprays I Can't Believe It's Not Butter! spray
1/4 tsp sea salt
Optional: additional salt, black pepper

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Spray 8 cups of a 12-cup muffin pan with nonstick spray and set aside.
On a clean, dry surface, spread out wonton wrappers. Spray each one with 3 sprays of butter, and use your fingers to spread butter evenly over each wrapper. Gently flip wrappers and repeat on the other sides.
Carefully transfer wonton wrappers to the muffin pan, placing each in a muffin cup and pressing it in to form the cup shape. Bake for 10 minutes, until wonton cups are firm and brown.
Prepare bacon slices according to package directions. Once cool, chop bacon into small pieces and set aside.
In a small bowl, combine egg substitute and salt and whisk until blended. Stir in the scallions. Set aside.
In a small microwave-safe dish, combine cheese wedge and cream cheese. Stir until blended. Warm in the microwave for 15 seconds, and then stir again. Set aside.
Bring a medium pan sprayed with nonstick spray to medium heat on the stove. Add mushrooms, and cook and stir for 2 minutes.
Add egg mixture to the pan. Scramble as you would ordinary eggs. Once solid bits being to form, slowly fold in cheese mixture, one spoonful at a time. Continue to cook until solid.
Remove from heat and mix chopped bacon into the pan immediately. Evenly distribute egg mixture among baked wonton cups. Serve warm. If you like, season with salt and pepper.

Submitter: 
HurdBird
Description: 
These are overflowing with cheesed-up egg, turkey bacon, and more.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
