URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63306277/sweet-and-sour-wonder-pork/
Title:
Sweet and Sour Wonder Pork Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound pork butt, cut into 1 inch cubes
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon white sugar
1 teaspoon soy sauce
1 egg white
2 green onions, chopped
1 quart vegetable oil for frying
1/2 cup cornstarch
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
3 stalks celery, cut into 1/2 inch pieces
1 medium green bell pepper, cut into 1 inch pieces
1 medium onion, cut into wedges
white sugar to taste
salt to taste
1 cup water
1/4 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup white sugar
1/3 cup apple cider vinegar
1/4 cup ketchup
1/2 teaspoon soy sauce
1 (8 ounce) can pineapple chunks, undrained
2 tablespoons cornstarch
1/4 cup cool water

Directions:
Place cubed pork in a medium bowl, and season with salt, sugar, and soy sauce. Mix in the egg white and green onions. Cover, and place in the refrigerator at least 1 hour.
Heat 1 quart oil to 365 degrees F (185 degrees C) in a large, heavy saucepan or deep fryer.
Coat the pork with cornstarch, and fry in the heated oil about 10 minutes, until evenly browned. Drain on paper towels.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a wok over medium heat. Stir in the celery, green bell pepper, and onion, and cook until tender. Season with salt and sugar. Remove from heat, and set aside.
In a small saucepan, mix water, salt, sugar, apple cider vinegar, ketchup, soy sauce, and pineapple juice. Bring to a boil.  Mix cornstarch and cool water in a small bowl. Add cornstarch mixture to ketchup mixture.  Add the cooked pork and pineapple chunks to celery mixture. Add sauce mix.  Return to boil, and stir until well blended.
Serve with rice.

Submitter: 
Wonder Becky
Description: 
Cubed pork and stir-fried vegetables are coated in a mouthwatering sweet and sour sauce prepared with simple ingredients.Modified from: Sweet and Sour Pork III
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
