URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63306507/korean-extra-crispy-fried-chicken/
Title:
Korean Extra Crispy Fried Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/873685.jpg
Ingredients:
24 chicken wings
canola oil, for frying (peanut oil if available)
4 cloves garlic (or garlic powder)
2-inch piece peeled ginger (or ginger powder)
4 tbsp soy sauce
1 tbsp rice vinegar
2 tbsp brown sugar
1 tbsp sesame oil
1 tbsp honey
1, 2 tbsp ketchup
1 tsp red chili garlic sauce (or red chili peppers)
1 1/2 cup cornstarch
1 cup water
1/2 tsp salt and pepper
sesame seeds & scallions (garnish)

Directions:
1. Remove the tip of each chicken wing and cut in half at the joint to create 2 pieces. Rinse pieces under cold water and set to dry for at least 10 minutes. In a heavy pot such as a dutch oven, pour in canola or peanut oil to a depth of 2 inches. Heat over medium-high for about 7, 8 minutes or check for a deep-fry thermometer reading of 350°F.
2. In the meantime, combine sauce ingredients of soy, vinegar, sugar, honey, ketchup, sesame oil, red chili garlic sauce, and the powder seasoning (or adding the pulsed fresh ginger and garlic) in a small sauce pan. Boil until sauce slightly thickens and set at low heat. Adjust the spiciness of the sauce by slowly adding the red chili garlic sauce/red chili peppers and tasting for desired taste.
3. In a large mixing bowl, mix 1 cup cornstarch and salt and pepper. Individually coat each chicken wing pieces with the cornstarch and set aside.
4. In another bowl, whisk the remaining 3/4 cup cornstarch, and 3/4 cup water together to make a runny, liquidy batter. Add each chicken wing one at a time and coat well. Shake off excess batter and fry the chicken in batches for about 10~13 minutes, until golden brown, then drain on paper towels. Do not overcrowd the pan when frying each batch.
5. Fry half of the chicken wings without the sauce and plate. For the flavored wings, simply coat chicken pieces with a brush or by tossing together in a mixing bowl. Transfer to a serving plate and garnish with sesame seeds and thin green onions slices. Enjoy and eat while hot!

Submitter: 
mykoreaneats
Description: 
Here is another super-crispy fried chicken recipe that we made recently along with a sweet n tangy soy-based sauce. We wanted to do a double-fry technique that Korean fried chicken is known for, giving the wings an extra crispy texture and a crackle that's unforgettable to those who have never experienced Korean fried chicken......full recipe at
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
50
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
