URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63303907/poor-boy-po-boy-wonder-buns/
Title:
Poor Boy / Po' Boy Wonder Buns Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/872629.jpg
Ingredients:
2 1/2 cups bread flour
2-1/4 tsp dry yeast
1 tsp Sugar
1 tsp Salt
1 T Nonfat Dry Milk
1 cup Hot Water (120-130 F)
(or use 1 cup warm milk)
1/2 T Butter
cold water in spray bottle

Directions:
Mix together 2 cups flour, yeast, sugar, salt, and dry milk (if using).
Pour in the hot water (or milk) and butter, mix well (2 min with beater blade) then add remaining flour 1 T at a time. Switch to dough hook near the end of flour.
Add additional flour if needed to get to a shaggy elastic but not sticky mass.
Cover and rest for 10 minutes.
Knead on speed low to medium speed for about 5-10 minutes checking for consistency. Dough should clean sides of the bowl, adjust flour accordingly.  Press your finger into dough.  A little dough should stick to your finger.  If none at all, add more water by drops.  If too much, add more flour by Ts.
Manually form a ball from dough.  Roll around dough ball in a lightly oiled bowl with at least 2-1/2 times the capacity and cover with plastic wrap. Let rise in a warm spot* until doubled (about an hour).
Punch down and turn out onto a lightly floured surface. Knead briefly to de-gas. Divide into 2 pieces, preshape into a loose rectangle and cover loosely with plastic wrap, rest 10 minutes.
Press and roll into a 6"x10" rectangle. Using fingers, roll up into a jelly roll. seal the seam and ends.
Roll and stretch to 6-10" (a little shorter than the finished bun) and place on parchment lined baking sheet. Cover loosely with plastic wrap and set for 45-60 minutes in a warm place. The dough should double easily in 45 min.
Pre-heat oven to 400F 20 minutes before bake time.
Spray dough with cold water, slash, spray oven to steam and bake for 10 Minutes. Rotate sheet for even color.
Spray again with water.  Bake 5 minutes.  Check and spray every 5 minutes until buns are nice and brown and the bottoms are hollow when thumped.
Cool on a rack.
Split in half lengthwise, and fill with your favorite Po' Boy toppings

Submitter: 
Wonder Becky
Description: 
My Wonder title on this one sounds fabulous! ;)  Poor Boys / Po' Boys are Cajun sub sandwiches.  To make these buns, be sure to spray your loaves and the oven with water to steam.  This will give you a nice crust on the outside with the chewy inside.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2.5 h
Ready in:
2.5 h
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
