URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63301835/larb-gai-nikki-style/
Title:
Larb Gai Nikki Style Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/871713.jpg
Ingredients:
1 Lb ground turkey
1 Clove garlic, minced
1/2 Medium-size red onion, thinly sliced
1 Carrot, shredded or julienne
1/2 Cup chestnuts, diced
3 Thai peppers, sliced
3 Stalks scallions, sliced
1/4 Cup mint leaves, chopped
1/3 Cup Thai basil, chopped
2 Tablespoons cilantro, chopped
3 Tablespoons roasted rice powder ?
2 Tablespoons Thai chili flakes
Dressing
2-3 Tablespoons fish sauce
1 Tablespoon rice vinegar
1 Teaspoon sugar
1 Tablespoon cayenne
1 Teaspoon lemon zest
Juice from 2 lemons
Juice from 1 lime

Directions:
Whisk together all dressing ingredients. Set aside.
In a large skillet, spread the ground turkey in a thin layer. Add garlic.
Pour enough water into the skillet to submerge the turkey. Bring to a boil. With a fork, break up the turkey into large, crumbly pieces. Continue to boil until the turkey is done, without any traces of pink. Watch carefully. Don't overcook. Drain. Place the turkey in a large glass bowl.
Tip: Boiling the turkey instead of stir frying it keeps it moist and helps the turkey absorb all the beautiful flavors that is Larb Gai,
Add the rest of the ingredients, except rice powder and Thai chili flakes, to the turkey. Drizzle the dressing on top. Toss until thoroughly mixed.
Place the mixture in the refrigerator and chill for about 30 minutes.
Sprinkle the rice powder and Thai chili flakes.  Toss and serve with any type of greens or lettuce... romaine, Boston, endives, arugula, etc. You can even serve it with rice. I prefer brown.
Happy eating!

Submitter: 
yobodish
Description: 
Bad haircuts make me crazy. Literally. I turn into a 3-year-old, crying, sniffling, ranting things like, “My hair will never grow back!”

So, when I met Nikki over a decade ago, I’ve stuck to her like how Bon Jovi groupies have stuck to the oh so fab Jon. 

On my recent visit with Nikki, I learned that not only is she an ace stylist, she apparently is the keeper of Thai cooking secrets. I’m usually dozing when Nikki is doing her hair magic… the reason why I didn’t know this sooner.

Any way, Nikki shared how her mom’s ground chicken cooking technique for Larb Gai. Hope you enjoy it.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
