URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63305481/handmade-body-moisturizer-recipe/
Title:
Handmade Body Moisturizer Recipe Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup filtered water, cold brewed tea, orange blossom water, or rose water
¾ cup oil such as olive, almond, unrefined coconut, or avocado
3 tablespoons grated beeswax
Optional: a few drops of essential oil of your choice, for fragrance

Directions:
Set up a blender and pour in the water. Prepare clean, dry glass jars for packaging and have them nearby.
Put the oil and the beeswax in a Pyrex measuring cup. Place the cup in a pan or small pot and pour in water to reach about halfway up the cup. Bring the water to a gentle boil, and heat the oil and beeswax until the beeswax melts. You’ll know when the wax is melted because you won’t see it anymore. As soon as the wax is melted, remove the cup from the water and let the oil cool for 2 minutes.
Turn on the blender and start blending the water at medium speed. Remove the stopper in the blender lid so you can pour the oil through the top while blending. Slowly pour in the oil and the mixture will begin to emulsify. If there is still some water on the surface, turn up the blender and blend the mixture 30 seconds to a minute longer. If you’re using essential oil, blend it in now.
With a clean rubber spatula, transfer the cream to the glass jars. Cover the jars with cheesecloth for an hour, or until they’ve reached room temperature. Placing the lid on the jar when this is warm will cause condensation to form under the lid, which will water down the lotion and form bacteria. When the lotion is cool, screw on the jar lids. Store at room temperature for up to 3 months, or in the refrigerator for 6 months.

Submitter: 
Cindy in Pensacola
Description: 
Found on Pinterest and didn't want to lose this recipe :)  Like fresh food, this will go bad after a certain period of time. If you don’t think you’ll use it within three months, store it in the refrigerator.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
3 hrs
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
