URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63310615/hg-spaghetti-swap-meatballs/
Title:
(HG) Spaghetti Swap & Meatballs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Meatballs
6 oz. raw extra-lean ground beef
2 tbsp. fat-free liquid egg substitute
(like Egg Beaters Original)
1 tsp. dried parsley
1/2 tsp. chopped garlic
1/8 tsp. each salt and black pepper
Sauce
1/2 cup finely diced onion
1/2 cup finely diced carrot
1 tsp. chopped garlic
1 1/2 cups canned crushed tomatoes
1/4 cup chopped fresh basil
2 tbsp. tomato paste
1 tsp. Italian seasoning
1/4 tsp. red pepper flakes, or more to taste
1/4 tsp. ground cumin
4 tsp. reduced-fat Parmesan-style grated topping

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
Microwave whole squash for 3 - 4 minutes, until soft enough to cut. Halve lengthwise; scoop out and discard seeds. Fill a large baking pan with 1/2 inch water and place squash halves in the pan, cut sides down. Bake until tender, about 40 minutes.
Spray a baking sheet with nonstick spray.
Thoroughly mix meatball ingredients in a large bowl. Evenly form into 6 meatballs and place on the baking sheet, evenly spaced. Bake until just cooked through, about 10 minutes.
Use a fork to scrape out squash strands. Place in a strainer to drain excess moisture. Blot dry, if needed. Transfer to another large bowl and cover to keep warm.
Bring a medium pot sprayed with nonstick spray to medium-high heat. Cook and stir onion and carrot until slightly softened, 6 - 8 minutes. Add garlic and cook until fragrant, 1 - 2 minutes. Add all remaining sauce ingredients except Parm-style topping; stir to combine. Add meatballs and bring sauce to a low boil. Reduce heat to low. Gently stirring occasionally, simmer until veggies have softened and meatballs are hot, about 8 minutes.
Add sauce to spaghetti strands and stir to coat. Serve topped with meatballs and Parm-style topping!

Submitter: 
Shannon Campbell
Description: 
Spaghetti squash = one of the best pasta swaps EVER! Say buh-bye to unnecessary starchy calories...
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
