URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63315892/peaches-supreme/
Title:
Peaches Supreme Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
12-14 peaches (any good canning variety)
1 cup fresh raspberries, crushed
1 1/2 cups sugar
1 cup white wine vinegar
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg

Directions:
Yield:  2 Quart Jars
Shelf Life:  6 Months
Processing Method:  Hot pack; hot-water bath.
Head Space: 1/2 inch
Processing Time:  25 Minutes
Method:
Wash and drain the peaches.  Bring 2 quarts of water to a boil in a large saucepan.  Place the peaches in a wire basket, and dip them into the boiling water.  Allow the peaches to remain in the pot for 2 minutes.  Remove the basket, plunge the peaches into a pan or sink of cold water, then drain. When the peaches are cool enough to handle, slip off the outer skins, cut in half, and remove the peach seed.  Place the peach halves in a colander, and rinse quickly.  Set aside to drain while preparing the pickling solution.
In a medium saucepan, bring the raspberries, sugar, wine vinegar, and nutmeg to a boil.  Allow the mixture to bubble for 2 - 3 minutes.  Lower the heat while packing the peaches, but remember to keep the liquid very hot.
Gently spoon the peaches into hot sterilized jars (with an optional peach seed).  Pour the hot raspberry liquid over the fruit, leaving 1/2 inch of headroom.  Release the air bubbles.  Apply the lids and adjust the caps.  Processin a hot water bath for 25 minutes.  Remove and set aside to cool in a draft-free spot before storing.

Submitter: 
Thisni Caza
Description: 
Add the cast of a summer sunset to your table, and a refreshing aftermath to dinner, with peaches supreme.  This recipe blends fresh peaches with crushed raspberries and a touch of nutmeg.  While the process does take a little more time than most pickles, the results are well worth the effort.  As an option, place one peach seed at the bottom of each jar before packing.  The flavor will be memorable.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
lots
Ready in:
h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
