URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63315633/citrus-fried-chicken-pollo-frito-con-limon/
Title:
Citrus Fried Chicken (Pollo Frito con Limón) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/877312.jpg
Ingredients:
8-10 pieces of bone in Chicken (thighs and drums) or 1 fryer Chicken cut into 8 parts and skinned
For Brine: Optional
½ cup of kosher salt
¼ cup of sugar
3 garlic cloves minced
6 whole peppercorns
Juice of 2 lemons (or 1 lemon and 1 lime)
For Marinade:
1 cup of buttermilk
2 tbsps of adobo
1 packet of sazón
1 tsp of kosher salt
2 tsps of lemon pepper
1 tsp of paprika
3-4 cloves of garlic minced
2 tbsps of sofrito
1 tsp of dried italian herb seasoning or dried oregano
1 tsp of dried parsey
For Flour coating:
2 cups of self rising flour (if not in hand substitue with 2 cups of all purpose flour mixed w/ 1 tbsp of baking powder and 1 ½ tsps of salt)
1 tsp  of kosher salt
1 tsp of lemon pepper
1 tsp of paprika
1 tsp of dried italian seasoning or oregano
1 tsp of dried parsley
For Frying:
2  cups of canola oil
2 cups of peanut oil

Directions:
Wash chicken. Make 2 slits to the bone on each chicken piece to allow salt brine to penetrate. Place chicken in a deep glass or plastic bowl. Heat 2 quarts of water and dissolve salt and sugar in it. Add minced garlic, peppercorns and juice. Allow to cool. When cool place chicken in brine for 4-6 hours or overnight in the refrigerator. Add more water if necessary to ensure that chicken is submerged in the brine.
Remove chicken from brine and rinse well. Pat dry. Mix all ingredients for marinade and pour over chicken. Marinade for 1-2 hours at room temperature.
If not brining, marinade chicken for 4-6 hours or overnight to ensure tender chicken. Remove from refrigerator one hour before cooking and allow to come to room temperature.
Mix ingredients for flour coating in a zip bag.  Remove chicken from marinade and drop into zip bag 2 at a time. Coat generously. Place chicken in a wire rack for 15 – 30 minutes prior to cooking to allow coating to adhere to chicken prior to frying.
Heat oil until hot over medium heat. Drop chicken pieces into oil and fry 3-4 at a time for 12-15 minutes turning over half way. Fry until golden and serve immediately w/ lemon and lime slices.

Submitter: 
MKCortes (Latin Goddess)
Description: 
This fried chicken recipe produces a very moist and juicy chicken with a hint of citurs and a latin caribbean flair. The brining step is optional as the chicken can also be marinaded in the buttermilk overnight.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
7 h minimum
Ready in:
8 h
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
