URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63311177/world-class-new-england-clam-chowder/
Title:
World Class New England Clam Chowder Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8 strips of thick cut bacon, diced
3 tablespoons butter
3 ribs celery, diced
2 onions, diced
1 clove garlic, minced
3 8oz bottles of clam juice
5 medium potatoes, peeled and diced to ½"
1 teaspoon dried tarragon
1 teaspoon seasoned salt
2 bay leaves
5 6½oz cans chopped or minced clams, juice reserved
½ teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
¾ cup of sherry
½ teaspoon dill
4 cups heavy cream
½ cup all-purpose flour
salt and ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
In a stockpot over medium-high heat cook the bacon until rendered.  Add the butter and stir until melted then add the celery, onion, and garlic.  Cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions are translucent and the celery is softened (about 10 minutes).
Next add the bottled clam juice, reserved clam juice, potatoes, tarragon, seasoned salt and bay leaves.  Bring to a boil then reduce heat to medium and cover.  Simmer until potatoes are tender (about 30 to 40 minutes depending on altitude).
Stir the clam meat into the soup then add the Worcestershire sauce, sherry and dill.  Add half of the cream to the pot then combine the flour and remaining cream by whisking together in a mixing cup.  Add the mixture in while stirring.
Bring to a boil then cook another 7 minutes uncovered stirring occasionally.
Remove the pot from heat and allow to cool for five to ten minutes uncovered, stirring occasionally.  Remove and discard bay leaves.  Add salt and ground black pepper to taste.

Submitter: 
Michael St. Laurent
Description: 
Not satisfied with any of the existing Clam Chowder recipes I could find I decided to put together one of my own.  The result is a dish that is in my own opinion, world class.  A wonderful comfort food sure to satisfy and inspire a smile on any cold day.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
