URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63313918/gulaab-jaamun/
Title:
Gulaab Jaamun Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/876601.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cup powdered milk
2 cup flour
2 tbsp rosewater
3 tbsp melted butter
1 tbsp cardamom powder
2 tsp baking soda
FOR THE SUGAR SYRUP:
3 cup sugar
6 cup water
Oil for frying

Directions:
Make the dough by combining the milk powder,flour,baking powder and  butter . Add just enough whole milk to make a medium, hard dough.
Divide the dough into 20-25 portions. Make balls by gently rolling each portion between your palms into a smooth ball. Place the balls on a plate. Cover with a damp yet dry kitchen towel.
Heat the oil in a large and deep pan. Slip in the balls into the hot oil from the side of the pan. One by one.
They will sink to the bottom of the pan but do not try to move them. Instead, gently shake the pan to keep the balls from browning on just one side. After about 5 minutes, the balls will rise to the surface. The gulab jamun should rise slowly to the top if the temperature is just right. Now they must be gently and consistently agitated to ensure even browning on all sides.
If the temperature of the oil is too high then the gulab jamun will tend to break. So adjust the temperature  to ensure that the gulab jamuns do not break or cook too quickly. The balls must be fried very slowly under medium temperatures. this will ensure complete cooking form inside and even browning.
PREPARING SYRUP FOR GULAAB JAAMUN:
The syrup should be made earlier and keep warm. to make the hot sugar syrup add mix the 3 cups of sugar and 6 cups of water. Add cardamom powder, add saffron and rosewater and mix well. Mix with a spoon and then heat at medium heat for 10-12 minutes, until sugar is dissolved in water. Do not overheat that will caramelize the sugar.
Transfer this hot syrup into a serving dish. Keep warm on stove. Add the fried gulab jamuns directly into the warm syrup. Leave gulab jamun balls in sugar syrup overnight for the best results.

Submitter: 
Remsha
Description: 
Why do I love this dessert or sweet is 'cause it is Pakistani and also my grandfathers sister taught me.It is good when you serve it at room temperature.It is sweet and awesome.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
35-37 m
Number of servings: 
25
Nutritional Facts:
NA
