URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63320651/vegetable-melt/
Title:
Vegetable Melt Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/879236.jpg
Ingredients:
1 eggplant, about ¾ pound
Kosher salt
4 large firm ripe tomatoes, about 1 pound
4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
1 cup thin lengthwise-cut sweet onion
5 oz. baby spinach leaves
1 teaspoon minced garlic
1 tablespoon finely chopped pitted kalamata olives
Freshly ground black pepper
4 large fresh basil leaves, cut into chiffonade strips
¼ pound fresh mozzarella cheese

Directions:
Cut the eggplant into 8 slices about ½” thick. Sprinkle both sides of each slice lightly with salt and layer them in a colander set over a plate. Place a second plate on top to weigh them down and let stand for 1 hour. Rinse the slices well; pat dry with paper towels.
Preheat oven to 425F. Halve the tomatoes and squeeze gently to remove seeds and excess pulp. Arrange the tomatoes, cut-side up, in a 9” square baking pan and drizzle with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Arrange the eggplant on a baking sheet and, using 1 tablespoon oil, brush both sides of each slice. Place both pans in the oven. Roast the eggplant for 10 minutes; using a wide spatula, turn and continue to roast until lightly browned & slightly soft, about 5-10 minutes longer. Remove from the oven. Meanwhile, roast the tomatoes, turning them so the tomatoes cook evenly, until the skins are shriveled and caramelized, 35-45 minutes. Remove from the oven, cover with aluminum foil, and let the tomatoes cool. Uncover and peel off any skins that are loosened from the flesh.
Place a large skillet over medium heat. Add 1 tablespoon of the olive oil and the onion and toss to coat. Sprinkle with 2 tablespoons water, cover, reduce heat to low, cook until the onion is wilted and tender, about 8 minutes. Meanwhile, rinse and drain the fresh spinach. Uncover the pan, stir in the minced garlic, and cook for 1 minute. Add the still-damp spinach leaves and toss. Re-cover and cook until the spinach is wilted, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the olives, a pinch of salt, and a grind of pepper. Stir to mix.
Take the roasted eggplant, top it with a tomato half, spinach, basil and mozzarella. Slip the pan into the broiler about 4” from the heat & broil until the cheese is hot & bubbly, about 4 minutes. Serve at

Submitter: 
Robin Seidel
Description: 
This is a delightful side dish that I paired with grilled hanger steak topped with salsa verde. Tastes decadent, but is actually quite healthy, particularly if you use low-fat mozzarella rather than fresh. See my notes for creating it on the grill rather than in the oven.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
