URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63326250/bills-low-sodium-sloppy-joemanwich/
Title:
Bill's Low Sodium Sloppy Joe/Manwich Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 Tablespoons of olive oil
1 Medium onion (I like white onions in this)
1 Medium green pepper
1 Medium red pepper
1 Teaspoon of Mrs. Dash No Salt Table Blend (others change the flavor so I always use Mrs. Dash)
5 Garlic cloves
1 Cup water (I prefer Pacific Organic Low Sodium beef broth, it has less than 50mg of sodium, Imagine Organic Low Sodium is 55-60mg, you can use other low sodium beef broth, but, adds about 600mg additional sodium to the recipe)
1/2 Teaspoon celery seed
1 Teaspoon chili powder
1/2 Teaspoon mustard powder
1-2 Teaspoons freshly ground black pepper
1 Tablespoon sugar (I prefer brown sugar or pure cane sugar)
3 8 oz. cans of no salt tomato sauce
1 15oz. bottle of no salt ketchup
2 lbs. ground beef
1 Teaspoon minced garlic
1/2 Teaspoon onion powder
1 Teaspoon black pepper

Directions:
Finely chop the onion, green pepper, red pepper and garlic cloves.  In a dutch oven, pour the water, or beef broth, into the pan, add the diced onion, pepper, garlic, celery seed, about a teaspoon of ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon of olive oil and Mrs. Dash.  Bring to a boil and simmer for 20-30 minutes or until vegetables are fairly soft.
Start browning the hamber in a skillet, add some garlic, onion or onion powder, black pepper and remaining olive oil.
Once the vegetables are soft, add the tomato sauce, chili powder, mustard powder and sugar.  Bring to a boil and continue to simmer for 10-15 minutes.
Stir in the ground beef and ketchup, simmer for an additional 15 minutes.  Season to taste and serve on a bun.  I like to use Mozarella cheese slices, but, thats me.

Submitter: 
Bill Falk
Description: 
This is an incredible flavored sloppy joe with very low sodium, absolutely no added salt!!!  Just lots of flavor!!  Tastes almost like a manwich... but, much better for you!!

Try it with a tablespoon of low sodium worcestershire sauce!!!!  It really tastes like a manwich!!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
