URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63327057/shredded-beef-enchiladas/
Title:
Shredded Beef Enchiladas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Ingredients:
3 pounds beef chuck roast
1/4 cup water
1 1/2 cups beef broth
3 tablespoons red wine vinegar
1 tablespoon chili powder
1 tablespoon ground cumin
1 large onion, chopped
1 cup oil for frying
20 (6 inch) corn tortillas
1 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese
1 19 oz can LA VICTORIA® Red Enchilada Sauce (mild)

Directions:
Directions:
Place roast in a large saucepan that has a tight-fitting lid. Pour in water, cover, and simmer on low for 30 minutes. Increase heat to medium/high, and brown the roast on all sides.
Once the water has boiled away, pour in the beef broth, vinegar, chili powder and cumin. Cover tightly and reduce heat to low. Simmer for 1 1/2 to 2 hours or until the beef falls apart when you try to pick it up. Shred the beef, using 2 forks or your fingers. Place shredded beef back into the saucepan with all the juices, and let cool to room temperature.
In a large skillet, sauté onion until just soft, not browned. Add LA VICTORIA® Red Enchilada Sauce to heat and set aside.
In a large heavy skillet, heat the olive oil. Using tongs dip the tortillas, one at a time, into the oil for 30 seconds each side. Drain on paper towels.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Spread 4 tablespoons of LA VICTORIA® Red Enchilada Sauce down the center of the tortilla. Top with about the same amount of beef. Roll up and place seam side down in one or two 8×11 inch baking dish. Repeat for each tortilla. Continue until you are out of filling. Top with remaining LA VICTORIA® Red Enchilada Sauce and sprinkle with Monterey Jack cheese. Bake in a pre-heated oven for 30 minutes or until cheese is melted and bubbling. Yields 10 servings.

Submitter: 
Jill Sander
Description: 
From La Victoria Brand
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
