URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63328519/citrus-marinated-grilled-chicken/
Title:
Citrus Marinated Grilled Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 to 6 pound whole chicken
1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil
2/3 cup lemon juice
1 teaspoon lemon zest
1/2 cup orange juice
1 teaspoon orange zest
8 cloves garlic, minced
1 tablespoon oregano or Italian Herbs blend, dried
3 tablespoons soy sauce
1 tablespoon honey
1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper (cayenne), ground
1 teaspoon salt

Directions:
Remove the giblets from the chicken then wash and pat dry.  Place in a marinating bowl which is as tight a fit to the chicken as you can manage.  Set aside.
In a small mixing bowl gently whisk together all the remaining ingredients until combined then pour over the chicken.
Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 6 to 12 hours.
Discard marinade and prepare the chicken for cooking.  Two methods of cooking are presented below.  Grilling and Baking.
To Grill:  Preheat grill and set for indirect heat cooking.  Brush the grill surface with olive oil or non-stick cooking spray.  Place the whole chicken on the indirect heat section of the grill, breast side up, then close the cover and cook for 40 minutes.  Rotate chicken to breast side down orientation then close cover again and cook for another 40 minutes.  Rotate chicken back to breast side up orientation and check for beast temp.  When breast temp reaches 160°F remove from heat, cover with aluminum foil and rest for 15 minutes.  Serve.
To Bake:  Move a rack to the center position and preheat oven to 425°F.  Place the chicken in a roasting rack and roast at 425°F for 20 minutes.  Reduce heat to 375°F and continue roasting until internal breast temp reaches 160°F (about 30 minutes more).  Remove from oven, cover with aluminum foil and allow to rest for 15 minutes.  Serve.

Submitter: 
Michael St. Laurent
Description: 
Delicious results comparable to the crazy chicken.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
7 to 14 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
