URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63324438/barbecue-pork-shepherds-pie/
Title:
Barbecue Pork Shepherd's Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
pulled pork
2 pounds pork (chops or roast)
1 cup barbecue sauce
2-3 cups water
Pie
1 deep dish frozen pie crusts (2 for smaller pies)
1 small bag frozen mixxed veggies (2 for smaller pies)
2 package of dried mashed potato flakes
gravy
2 tablespoons butter
2 tablespoons flour
1/2 cup barbecue sauce
leftover juice from the pork

Directions:
pulled pork
In a slow cooker add the water and the barbecue sauce. Mix well and add the pork. Let cook on LOW for 8-12 hours then remove the meat from juices to a cutting board. (Turn your slowcooker off so it starts to cool for later.) Use a for to shread the pork.
Pie
Make the mashed potatoes as directed and set aside.
Put the pork into the still frozen pie crust, layer the frozen mixed veggies over the top of the pork (this should have the pie crust slightly over full remember the veggies will shrink some as the heat up). Spoon the mashed potates over the veggies and smooth to even out over the pie.
bake in the oven at 350 degrees ferinheight for 30-45 minutes or until the mashed potatoes are slightly brown on to and the edge of the pie crust golden brown.
let cool while making the gravy.
Gravy
In a sauce pan melt the butter and add the flour stir together making a roux, cook untill bubbly. Slowly whisk in the left over juices from the slowcooker and extra barbecue sauce. Whisk continuously as to prevent chunks. Heat till slightly thick. Turn off and remove from heat.
Slice pie, serve, smother with gravy, and ENJOY!!!

Submitter: 
victoria koontz
Description: 
This Pulled pork stuffed pie is an easy to make meal that even the pickiest eater wont be able to get enough of!!! It can be made ahead or made just intime for dinner!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
8-12 hrs
Ready in:
13hrs
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
