URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63329045/chocolate-tres-leches-cake/
Title:
Chocolate Tres Leches Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/887404.jpg
Ingredients:
For the cake:
1 18 ounce box Duncan Hines Swiss Chocolate cake mix (or other chocolate flavor)
1 1/4 cups chocolate milk
1/2 cup canola oil
3 large eggs
1 teaspoon espresso powder
For the soaking milk:
1 (14 oz.) can sweetened condensed milk
3/4 cup half and half
3/4 cup evaporated milk
3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder
For the chocolate whipped cream:
3 cups of whipping cream
1 cup powdered sugar
1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 350°F. Prepare a 9"X13" pan with non-stick spray or grease with butter and flour.
2. Mix cake mix, chocolate milk, oil, eggs and espresso powder in a large bowl at low speed until moistened. Beat at medium speed for 2 minutes. Pour batter into prepared pan and bake for approximately 35 minutes or until a toothpick tests clean.
3. While cake is baking, mix together sweetened condensed milk, half and half, evaporated milk and the cocoa powder. The cocoa will not completely mix in and will float on top. This is okay.
4. Remove your cake from the oven and allow it to cool in the pan until it is no longer hot. Leave the cake in the pan and while the cake is still warm, poke lots of holes all over the cake with a small skewer or a fork.
5. Pour the milk mixture over the cake. You may need to do this in a couple of stages as not to spill the milk mixture over the edges.
6. Let the cake cool completely.
7. Once the cake is cooled, prepare the chocolate whipped cream by sifting together the powdered sugar and cocoa. You must sift in order avoid lumps in the whipped cream. Whip cream using a mixer on medium speed for about one minute. Add the sugar and cocoa mixture in two batches and increase the speed to medium-high. Whip until the cream reaches soft peaks and is thickened and spreadable. Spread chocolate whipped cream on the cake. This makes enough whipped cream for a nice thick layer on your cake. You may cut the whipped cream recipe down if you'd like.

Submitter: 
MrsFisher0729
Description: 
A chocolate version of a Mexican classic. This moist and delicious cake tastes like you spent all day in the kitchen but a boxed mix makes it so easy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
NA
