URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63325177/omas-potato-plum-dumpling/
Title:
Oma's Potato Plum Dumpling Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/880874.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 - 2 dozen Italian prune plums (this will vary with the size of the plums)
4 or 5 medium sized potatoes, peeled and quartered
2 egg,
2 cups of flour, sifted may need more
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup bread crumbs
1/2 cup butter
1/4 cup sugar

Directions:
1)  Scrub potatoes, and place them into a large pot with enough water to cover. bring to a boil, and cook until tender. Drain, and cool. When potatoes are cool enough to handle, peel & hand mash in a large bowl. Set aside to cool.
2)In a large bowl, mix together the prepared potatoes, salt, eggs, and 1 tablespoon of butter until well blended. Gradually stir in the flour. If dough is still wet, more flour can be mixed in. Turn dough out onto a floured surface, and knead until smooth, about 5 to 10 minutes.
3)On a floured surface, roll out the dough to 1/4 inch thickness. Cut into twelve 3 inch squares. Place one plum into each square, and bring the corners around to the top. Pinch together all of the seams to seal.
4)Bring a large pot of water to a slow boil. Place about 4 dumplings into the water at a time. Once they float to the surface, continue to cook them for about 5 more minutes. Transfer cooked dumplings to a covered bowl, and keep warm.
5) Melt the remaining 1/2 cup of butter in a small skillet over medium heat. Stir in bread crumbs, and 1/4 cup of sugar. Continue to cook and stir until browned. Remove the bread crumbs to a plate, and roll warm dumplings in the mixture until entirely coated. 6)To serve, place a dumpling or two on a plate, sprinkle with a little sugar and a little extra melted butter, if desired.

Submitter: 
Monica Loew
Description: 
This was a recipe handed down from generations
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min.
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
