URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63322921/perfect-scrambled-eggs/
Title:
Perfect Scrambled Eggs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/880128.jpg
Ingredients:
8 L eggs plus
2 L yolks
1/4 C half-and-half
Salt and pepper
1 TBSP unsalted butter, chilled

Directions:
1. Beat eggs, yolks, half-and-half, 3/8 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper with fork until eggs are thoroughly combined and color is pure yellow; do not overbeat.
2. Heat butter in 10-inch nonstick skillet over medium-high heat until foaming just subsides (butter should not brown), swirling to coat pan. Add egg mixture and, using rubber spatula, constantly and firmly scrape along bottom and sides of skillet until eggs begin to clump and spatula just leaves trail on bottom of pan, 1 1/2 to 2 1/2 minutes. Reduce heat to low and gently but constantly fold eggs until clumped and just slightly wet, 30 to 60 seconds. Immediately transfer eggs to warmed plates and season with salt to taste. Serve immediately.
It's important to follow visual cues, as pan thickness will affect cooking times. If using an electric stove, heat one burner on low heat and a second on medium-high heat; move the skillet between burners for temperature adjustment. If you don't have half-and-half, substitute 8 teaspoons of whole milk and 4 teaspoons of heavy cream. To dress up the dish, add 2 tablespoons of chopped parsley, chives, basil, or cilantro or 1 tablespoon of dill or tarragon to the eggs after reducing the heat to low.

Submitter: 
CorkiDeCat
Description: 
From ATK
Season 12
It's important to follow visual cues, as pan thickness will affect cooking times. If using an electric stove, heat one burner on low heat and a second on medium-high heat; move the skillet between burners for temperature adjustment. If you don't have half-and-half, substitute 8 teaspoons of whole milk and 4 teaspoons of heavy cream. To dress up the dish, add 2 tablespoons of chopped parsley, chives, basil, or cilantro or 1 tablespoon of dill or tarragon to the eggs after reducing the heat to low.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
15
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
