URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63327117/very-veggie-stuffed-green-peppers/
Title:
Very Veggie Stuffed Green Peppers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8 green bell peppers
1 onion, chopped
2 pounds lean ground turkey
1 cup cooked brown rice
1/2 cup egg beaters
1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley
salt and pepper to taste
1/3 cup vegetable oil
2 large onions, chopped
10 oz frozen corn
1 medium zuchinni, chopped
2 (28 ounce) cans whole peeled tomatoes
3 whole peppercorns
3 whole allspice berries
1/2 teaspoon ground allspice
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon dried marjoram
sea salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
OR substitute Heart healthy condensed tomato soup in place of the whole tomatoes.
1 cup non fat sour cream

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Cut tops off of peppers, and remove seeds and membranes from inside.
In a skillet over medium heat, saute 1 chopped onion until tender. In a large bowl, combine ground beef, sauteed onion, corn, zuchinni,cooked rice and egg beaters. Season with parsley, salt and pepper. Mix well, and stuff into peppers. Place in a large roasting pan.
Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat, Saute 2 chopped onions until soft and translucent. Stir in tomatoes. Season with peppercorns, allspice berries, ground allspice, oregano, marjoram, salt and pepper. Cook on medium heat for 15 to 20 minutes. Pour over peppers in roasting pan.
Cover, and bake in preheated oven for 1 1/2 hours. Remove peppers, and transfer sauce to a blender, or use a hand blender. Puree sauce until smooth. Pour sauce back into pan, and reheat. Whisk in sour cream just before serving.

Submitter: 
empebi
Description: 
Delicious stuffed pepper recipe with corn and black beans to up the vegetable amount.  Serve with a yummy creamy tomato sauce, or in a hurry, substitute Heart Healthy condensed tomato soup.Modified from: Czech Stuffed Green Peppers
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
