URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63325253/hummus-with-pita-bread/
Title:
Hummus with Pita Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 pita breads
1 16 oz. can garbanzo beans, chick peas
1/4 cup olive oil, divided
2 tablespoons tahini
4 cloves garlic, minced
2 tablespoons lemon juice
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon pepper
2 teaspoons chopped parsley
24 baby carrots, (optional)
4 celery stalks, (optional)

Directions:
Preheat broiler.  Cut pita breads into quarters.  Broil until toasted on top, about 3 minutes.  Turn and broil the other side.
Drain chick-peas (garbanzos), RESERVING 1/4 CUP LIQUID.  Combine 3 tablespoons olive oil, chick-peas, Tahini, garlic and lemon juice in a blender or food processor.
Process, scraping down sides, until mixture is smooth and well-blended, about 3 minutes.  Add a little reserved chick-pea liquid if mixture seems too dry .
Add salt and pepper.  Blend until well mixed.  Spoon into a serving bowl.  If desired, drizzle with remaining oil (I skip this step).  Sprinkle with parsley.  Serve with pita bread and fresh vegetables.
VARIATIONS:  You can use an equal amount of white beans instead of chick-peas.
You can prepare the hummus up through blending up to 24 hours in advance.  Refrigerate, covered, until ready to serve.
If you are in a hurry, you can use a packaged hummus mix available in the international section of some grocery stores.  Be sure to add fresh lemon juice to the mix to make it taste homemade.

Submitter: 
Jennifer Hanson
Description: 
Tahini is a thick nut butter made of ground sesame seeds and used extensively in Middle Eastern cooking.  To save some money, you can use natural peanut butter instead for a similar texture and nutty flavor. Our family purchases Tahini at the Cedars Deli on Sheridan near 41st in Tulsa, OK, but you can find it in any large grocery store possessing an ethnic section that includes foods from the Orient/Middle East.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
10 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
