URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63330860/roast-beef-subs-with-balsamic-onions-and-brie-cheese/
Title:
Roast Beef Subs with Balsamic Onions and Brie Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb top round of beef or similarly lean cut of beef
2 tsp Montreal seasoning
1 Tb. Worcestershire sauce
1 tsp canola oil
2 small or 1 1/2 medium sweet onions
1 Tb. extra virgin olive oil
1/4 tsp. salt
1/4 tsp. cracked black pepper
1/3 c. Balsamic vinegar
6 oz. Brie Cheese roughly chopped or torn into bits
4- 6 to 8" Sub or French Baguette cut into 6" portions
* Appetizer option- see notes below

Directions:
Cut the top round into 1" pieces, trimmed of fat, and toss with Montreal seasoning and Worcestershire sauce in a bowl.  Set aside.
Peel and slice onions.  Saute them in the olive oil on a high flame, stirring occasionally.  After 15 minutes, they are usually golden brown.  Add salt, pepper, and balsamic vinegar and reduce heat to a low simmer. Cook until there is very little liquid remaining in the onions.  The onions should be syrupy, but not wet.
Preheat Oven to 400 degrees.
Grill or saute top round pieces tossed in canola oil until browned on all sides.  If you are sauteing, drain the beef pieces briefly with a slotted spoon.  A large extremely hot saute pan will be necessary for this as well so that they are not too crowded in the pan and are able to brown easily.  I prefer the beef to be a rare or medium-rare (they will continue to cook later in this recipe), so I only grill them for 4 to 6 minutes on very high heat, turning them twice.  Remove from heat and set aside for assembling the subs.
Either toast sub rolls in the oven briefly to warm them up or serve them at room temperature.  Slice open and place balsamic onions in the bottom, then lay beef on that, and finally the bits of brie (roughly a quarter of the total onions, beef, and brie per roll).  If any juices from the beef or onions remain, pour them gently over the subs.
Lay them on a sheet pan and place in the oven to melt the cheese for about 5 minutes.  Serve immediately

Submitter: 
Karen Barris Calabro
Description: 
This was one of my most popular dishes offered at my restaurants.  It is surprisingly simple and quick to make.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
40
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
