URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63335741/peach-bourbon-barbecue-sauce/
Title:
Peach-Bourbon Barbecue Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
7 large peeled and pitted white peaches (or nectarines)
1 large sweet onion- peeled
3 bell peppers- halved, seeded and stems removed
10 cherry peppers- halved, seeded, and stems removed
5 jalapenos peppers- halved, seeded, and stems removed
5 large tomatoes (any kind is fine, but I use both yellow and red beef eaters) stems removed
4 cloves garlic- peeled
1 Tb mustard seeds
2 tsp celery seeds
1/2 tsp ginger
1/2 tsp cinnamon
1 Tb salt- canning is best
1 Tb cracked black pepper
2 cups sugar
1 cup apple cider vinegar
2 Tb liquid smoke or hickory smoke seasoning
2 Tb Bragg's seasoning (optional)
1 can tomato paste
6 sterile pint jars with clean dry lids

Directions:
Halve and remove seeds from all the chilies and peppers.  There is no need to chop anything beyond that.
Throw all ingredients into a large stock pot and simmer on a fairly high boil for 1 hour, scraping up the bottom of the pot frequently to keep it from scorching.   Once this starts to happen more often, turn the heat down to simmer and cook for an additional 30 minutes.
Take it off the stove. Puree the mixture with a hand blender.  Using a fine mesh strainer, run portions of the sauce through it, pressing it with a ladle to remove the fibrous portions of tomato skin or seeds.
The resulting sauce should be glossy & thick and still warm.  Add the tomato paste and blend or whisk together.
Have a large hot water bath deep enough to immerse pint jars completely underwater ready by the time the sauce is completed.  Have jars bathed and drained in hot water before filling.  Pour sauce into each jar with a funnel within 1/4" from the top and seal with dry clean lids.  Have them in boiling hot water bath for no less than 30 minutes before removing.  Allow them to cool completely before checking seals and labeling for storage.

Submitter: 
Karen Barris Calabro
Description: 
Sweet & Spicy, this is a whole bunch tastier than your normal bottled barbecue sauce.  I make this from late summer harvested fruits and vegetables and can it for use throughout the year and for holiday gifts.  It is very mild, but that can be tweaked if you're so inclined.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
48
Nutritional Facts:
NA
