URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63333867/hot-cherry-pepper-relish/
Title:
Hot Cherry Pepper Relish Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
40 - 50 ripe red cherry peppers, halved and seeded
1 large sweet onion- minced
1 1/2 cup white vinegar
1 1/2 cup sugar
1 tsp celery seed
1 tsp mustard seed
1 tsp canning salt
3 sterile hot half pint jars with dry lids

Directions:
Wearing vinyl gloves, cut each cherry pepper in half and remove seeds with either a small spoon (a demitasse spoon) or melon baller.  You will keep the gloves on for the next step, too.
You can select to mince the cherry peppers by hand OR you can use a food processor, chopping it in small batches, pulsing it by hand and scraping the sides down several times.  I choose the latter.
In a saucepan, heat vinegar, sugar, and seasonings and bring to a boil.  Add minced onion and cherry peppers to this and simmer on a low heat for 1 1/2 hours or until it is about half the original volume (see the markings on the side of the pot).
If canning, use sterile half pint jars that have been heated in the hot water bath and drained.  Using a funnel, portion roughly a third for each jar, filling it up to 1/4" from the top.  Dry the very rim of the jars and place dry lids on top.  Simmer covered in a hot water bath for 30 minutes.  Remove and allow to cool completely, check seals and label before storing items.

Submitter: 
Karen Barris Calabro
Description: 
This is the traditional hots that New Englanders love on their subs and sandwiches.  Made exclusively from cherry peppers and onions, it has sweetness, heat and loads of flavor.  Because I grow these lively peppers, it is a canning tradition that can clear the kitchen for an hour or two to save the family from the fumes!  It's not really that bad, but who's going to question the chef?
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
36
Nutritional Facts:
NA
