URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63335518/new-england-clam-chowder--parkerhouse-recipe/
Title:
New England Clam Chowder- Parkerhouse Recipe Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 to 5 lbs Quahog clams scrubbed clean & purged
1 Qt water
3 Tb butter
4 Tb flour
2 oz salt pork- diced very small
1 medium onion- small dice
4 to 5 ribs celery- small dice
4 to 5 large peeled Maine "chef" potatoes- small dice
1 Qt milk
1 pint heavy cream
1 tsp salt (or to taste)
1/2 tsp white pepper
1/2 tsp black pepper
pinch nutmeg
3 bay leaves
1 tsp Bay Seasoning (optional)
1 tsp Worcestershire Sauce
Oyster Crackers
Tabasco Sauce

Directions:
Start by melting 2 Tb. butter in a saucepan on a very low flame.  Add flour in portions and whisk frequently to keep the flour and butter from browning.  Continue until the fragrance resembles nuts or until the flour/butter mixture is a very bright white (indicating it is cooked through).  This is your roux- a thickening agent that should be cooled when using, so remove it from the heat and set it in a cool place.
In a sink, rinse and scrub clams.  Toss them in baking soda in a colander and allow to rest for 15 minutes minimum.  This "purges" them of dirt, though I've often skipped this step if the clams were fairly clean and from a reputable fishmonger.  IF however, you have dug them up yourself, I take this step for no less than an hour.
In a large stock pot, bring clams and water to a boil and cover.  Cook them until all the clam open.  Discard any that do not open after 15 minutes.  They are dead and you risk food-borne illness to eat them.
Remove the bodies from the shells and reserve the liquor.  Chop the bodies into small pieces and return to their liquor.
In the same stock pot, turning up the flame, cook the salt pork until a lot of fat is rendered. Add onions and celery and saute until soft for about 5 minutes.  Add clams & liquor, milk, and seasonings, and bring to a low boil/simmer.  Cook for about 45 minutes.  Add roux, whisking it in well (no lumps!) Add chopped potatoes and simmer for 15 minutes or until potatoes are cooked through.  Keep the chowder at a low heat and continue to simmer until thick, scraping the bottom of the pot carefully from time to time to keep it from scorching.  Serve immediately with oyster crackers & Tabasco sauce on the table.

Submitter: 
Karen Barris Calabro
Description: 
While I was the Executive Banquet Chef at the Parkerhouse Hotel, this is the recipe we served to thousands over the generations.  This version is reduced to serve a large family, rather than made in a massive steam kettle.  As America's oldest hotel, it is home to two famous original recipes: Parkerhouse Rolls and Boston Creme Pie, which I will NEVER share.  But this Chowdah is equally famed.  No changes in well over a hundred years....  A must recipe if you're clamming in the Cape and need to cook your treasures!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
