URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63337993/brown-sugar-graham-crackers/
Title:
Brown Sugar Graham Crackers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/885735.jpg
Ingredients:
7 oz all-purpose flour, plus extra for rolling
6 oz graham flour
1 tsp baking soda
1/2 tsp Kosher salt
1 cup (16 tbsp) unsalted butter, at room temperature
2/3 cup dark brown sugar, packed
3 tbsp honey
2 tbsp granulated sugar
1 1/2 tsp ground cinnamon

Directions:
Dough:
1. In large bowl, whisk together flours, baking soda, & salt; set aside.
2. In bowl of stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat butter, brown sugar, & honey on medium-high until light & fluffy, abt 2 mins, scraping down sides of bowl as needed.  Add flour mixture and mix on low speed until the dough comes together, about 30 secs.  The dough will look crumbly but when squeezed between your fingers, it will form together.  Transfer dough to a piece of plastic wrap, form it into a 7×7-inch square, wrap tightly, & refrigerate for at least 2 hours.  This can be done up to 5 days in advance.  Before proceeding, allow dough to sit at room temperature for at least 20 mins before attempting to roll.
Cookies:
1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Position oven racks in upper & lower thirds of the oven. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. In small bowl, combine the granulated sugar and cinnamon; set aside.
2. On lightly floured surface, roll out dough 1/8-inch thick and using a pizza cutter, cut the dough into 3×3-inch squares.  Transfer cut dough to baking sheets, spacing each 3/4-inch apart; keep dough chilled before baking to prevent spreading.
3. With lightly floured fork, prick the tops of each piece a few times to prevent them from puffing up, then sprinkle tops with sugar-cinnamon mixture. (Leftover mixture can be stored in an airtight container for future use.)
6. Bake for 15-18 mins, rotating sheets after 10 mins, until graham crackers are dark golden brown and firm to the touch.
Cool on the sheets on wire racks for 2 mins then transfer them to the racks to cool completely; the graham crackers will crisp as they cool.  Store in an airtight container for up to a week.

Submitter: 
Jeff Harrell
Description: 
Feel free to cut the graham cracker dough into any shape you want – this would be a crazy-fun project with kids using a variety of different cookie cutters.  If you want to make large rectangular, authentic graham crackers, cut the dough out in your desired size and right before baking, gently score across the center of the dough horizontally with a knife or stainless dough scraper.  The graham crackers will break easily and cleanly in half at the scored mark once cooled.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
3*-4 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
