URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63338011/giant-smores-stuffed-chocolate-chip-cookies/
Title:
Giant S’mores Stuffed Chocolate Chip Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/885747.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups plus 2 tbsp all-purpose flour
½ tsp baking soda
½ tsp salt
12 tbsp unsalted butter, melted and cooled until warm
1 cup brown sugar, packed
½ cup granulated sugar
1 large egg plus 1 egg yolk
2 tsp vanilla extract
1 ½ cups semi-sweet chocolate chips

Directions:
For cookie assembly:
1 cookie dough recipe, at room temperature
8 graham cracker squares, broken into halves
4 marshmallows, snipped in half lengthwise
1 full-size Hershey’s bar, divided between each of the prospective cookies
To make the cookie dough:
1. Whisk the flour, baking soda, & salt together in medium bowl; set aside. In bowl of stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, or by hand, mix butter & sugars until thoroughly combined. Beat in the egg, yolk, and vanilla until combined. Add dry ingredients and beat at low-speed just until combined – the batter should look a little lumpy.  Stir in chocolate chips.
2. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.  Line two baking sheets with parchment paper.
To assemble and bake:
1. Lay half the graham crackers out on baking sheets – two crackers per sheet.  Top each cracker with 3-4 pieces of chocolate then top with two marshmallow halves, laying them side-by-side. Lay remaining graham crackers on top of the assembled s’mores. Sandwich the s’mores between two large spoonfuls of cookie dough & use remaining dough to wrap around eachs’more; the result should resemble a small cookie brick.
2. Space cookies at least 4 inches apart on two baking sheets. Bake for 20-24 minutes or until the tops and edges are lightly browned & edges just lift off the pan with a spatula. (While baking, the s’mores will press down under the weight of the cookie dough & will sink further while cooling. Don’t worry if the cookies don’t end up completely covering the s’mores – it only adds to the charm here.) Transfer baking sheets to wire racks & cool cookies on the sheets for at least 5 minutes. Transfer cookies to wire racks & cool another 5-10 minutes before serving. Serve warm or at room temperature.

Submitter: 
Jeff Harrell
Description: 
You can make your own graham crackers for these s’mores stuffed cookies, or you can use store-bought crackers if you’re pressed for time. You’ll need 4 approximately 1 1/2? by 3? pieces which for store-bought graham crackers means half of a graham square.  If you decide to make your own graham crackers, cut them to fit.  This recipe yields 4 gigantic cookies.  You can double the recipe and/or make smaller cookies by using smaller graham crackers and just half of a marshmallow for each cookie.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
