URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63332473/the-fusco-family-lasagna/
Title:
The Fusco Family Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 pound ground beef
1 large onion, diced
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 28-ounce can tomato sauce
1 6-ounce can tomato paste
28 ounces water
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes
1 tablespoon white sugar
1 cup Parmesan cheese, divided
1 16-ounce package lasagne noodles
2 pounds whole milk ricotta cheese
16 ounces whole or part-skim mozzarella cheese, shredded
1 tablespoon dried parsley
1 teaspoon salt
1 large egg

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325 degrees.
In a large Dutch oven, cook ground beef, onion, and garlic in vegetable oil until beef is no longer pink.
Add tomato paste, tomato sauce and water and stir to combine.
Add basil, oregano, salt, red pepper flakes and sugar and stir well.
Add 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese, stir, cover, and simmer on low for approximately 1-1/2 hours.
Remove from heat and let cool slightly.
Cook lasagna noodles in boiling, salted water for approximately 10 minutes until al dente.  Drain and let cool slightly to handle.
Mix ricotta, parsley, salt, and egg in a separate bowl thoroughly.
In the bottom of a 9 x 13 lasagna pan, ladle 1 cup of sauce to cover.
Place 3 lasagna noodles over sauce.
Top with 1/2 of the ricotta mixture.
Place 3 lasagna noodles over cheese mixture.
Using a slotted spoon, cover noodles with meat from the prepared sauce.
Sprinkle with 1/2 the mozarella cheese.
Place 3 noodles, remaining ricotta, 3 noodles, meat from sauce, and remaining mozzarella.
Sprinkle with remaining Parmesan cheese.
Cover with foil (non-stick is best) and bake for approximately 1 hour.
Remove from oven and let set for 15-30 minutes before uncovering and serving.
Heat remaining sauce to spoon over served lasagna.

Submitter: 
Judy in Delaware
Description: 
I've had this lasagna since I was a child, and got the recipe from my mother, who got it from my aunts.  It serves many people, since it's so rich and hearty.  Easy to make...does take a little time....but so worth it.  Great for a Sunday dinner during half-time!  Serve with a salad and crusty Italian bread, and you're good to go.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
