URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63333843/crispy-cherry-pepper-chicken-legs-with-roasted-crimini-mushrooms-onions-olives/
Title:
Crispy Cherry Pepper Chicken Legs with Roasted Crimini Mushrooms, Onions, & Olives Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 large chicken legs
1 Tb extra virgin olive oil
1/2 lemon- juice only
3 Tb hot cherry pepper relish (hots)
2 tsp cajun seasoning or similar rub seasoning
1 lb crimini mushrooms
1/2 lb pearl onions- peeled and stemmed kept whole
1/2 cup pitted Kalamata olives

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees.  Rub chicken legs with the oil, lemon juice, cherry pepper relish and cajun seasoning, which can be homemade or store bought.  Roast in a large casserole pan or 9 x 12" pan for 20 minutes.  Reduce temperature to 300 degrees and without opening the door and cook an additional 30 minutes.
Gently lifting chicken legs, toss the mushrooms, onions*, and olives in the juices and lay the legs back on top and cook an additional 20 to 30 minutes at 300 degrees or until internal thermometer reads 160 degrees (in thigh portion away from the bone).
*IF not using frozen onions, it will be necessary to parboil fresh raw pearl onions in water for 5 minutes, and then quickly dropping them in ice water to cool.  Cut off stem & roots and peel the outer skins off of each.
Place one quarter of the vegetables which form the side dish on each plate and prop the chicken leg against it, drizzling the pan juices over the top.  Serve immediately with a crusty bread and a side salad or complimentary vegetable.

Submitter: 
Karen Barris Calabro
Description: 
Intense Mediterranean flavors and a rich side dish that makes bread with dinner a must.  I've served this for years in my restaurants, but admittedly, it is a labor of love if not using a few quick tricks such as canned or frozen pearl onions.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
75 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
