URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63334101/arizona-roadhouse-chili/
Title:
Arizona Roadhouse Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb ground 90% lean beef
1 lb pinto beans soaked overnight in hot water
1 1/2 Qt water
2 large sweet onions- small dice
3 cups celery- small dice
3 carrots- peeled small dice
5 to 7 cloves garlic- minced
2 red bell peppers- small dice
4 jalapenos- seeded and minced
2 Anaheim chilies- seeded and small dice (or canned)
2 poblano chilies- seeded and small dice (or canned)
1 Qt diced tomatoes (canned is fine)
2 Tb ground Guajillo and/or Ancho chili powder
1 1/2 Tb ground cumin
1 tsp dried oregano
1 tsp ground coriander
1/4 tsp ground cinnamon
2 Tb hot sauce
1 Tb beef base
2 tsp salt
Optional: 2 Tb masa harina (fine ground corn meal is fine, too) used to thicken if necessary

Directions:
Brown beef in a large stock pot until fat is rendered.  Drain off the fat and add all remaining ingredients EXCEPT beef base, salt, and masa harina. Simmer on medium-low flame for 4 to 6 hours, adding water as needed to keep beans and vegetables completely immersed in liquid.  If you're cooking this in a crock pot, keep heat on high and cook uncovered for 8 to 10 hours instead. Add beef base in the final hour if desired.  It is not necessary, but I always use it.
When beans are very tender and disintegrate easily, the chili is done.  If it is too thin, you may add the masa harina at this point and simmer an additional 15 to 20 minutes.  Add salt right before serving.

Submitter: 
Karen Barris Calabro
Description: 
The best thick hearty chili recipe you'll ever need.  In 25 years of restaurant cooking, this is my classic chili recipe; loved by thousands.  Vary the amount of green chilies and hot sauce if you're an Easterner unused to fiery Western foods, but don't change anything else.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
