URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63333056/grilled-peppercorn-steak-caramelized-pecan-salad-with-cabernet-cherry-vinaigrette/
Title:
Grilled Peppercorn Steak & Caramelized Pecan Salad with Cabernet-Cherry Vinaigrette Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb top round, sirloin, or ribeye of beef trimmed of excess fat and cut into 4 portions.
1 Tb olive oil
1 Tb whole grained brown mustard
1 Tb minced fresh garlic
1 tsp salt
2 tsp cracked black pepper
2 Tb port wine
Pecans:
1 cup pecan pieces
1 Tb water
1 Tb sugar
1/4 tsp salt
Dressing:
2 cup Cabernet (old turned red wine or new works)
1/2 cup dried cherries
1/4 tsp salt
1 tsp sugar
1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil
Salad makings:
7 oz mesclun greens with spinach and/or arugula
4 radishes- thinly shaved
1 carrot- peeled and shaved

Directions:
Marinate the steaks in the following six ingredients for no less than one hour, but as many as 5 days before grilling.
Reduce wine with the cherries in a small pot until it is roughly a third its original volume.  Add remaining dressing ingredients and allow to cool completely.  This can be done in advance and stored in the refrigerator.
Toss pecans in water, sugar, and salt and lay out on a well-greased sheet pan.  Toast in the toaster or the oven at 350 degrees for 15 to 20 minutes. While these are cooking, you can grill the steaks. Remove from the pan immediately with a wooden or metal spatula after cooking to keep them from sticking to it.  It is an extremely hot candy, so be very careful while handling and make sure they are transferred to a non-paper plate or they will stick to it.  This can be made in advance as well, but must be stored in an air tight container to prevent them from getting stale or damp from humidity.
Grill steaks on an extremely high heat turning only once to desired temperature (internal temperature on a thermometer will read 125 very rare, 135 medium-rare, 145 medium-well, and 150+ for well-done). Allow steaks to sit for 5 minutes before slicing thinly with a very sharp carving knife.  Set into 4 portions.
Assembly: Toss mesclun greens with radish and carrots and distribute them evenly onto 4 large dinner plates. Lay out sliced beef in a radial pattern on top, sprinkling the tops with the pecans.  Drizzle the dressing over the top, making sure that the cherries are shared between each plate (not all on the last plate).  Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Karen Barris Calabro
Description: 
This is a summer favorite that I served in many restaurants, inspired by my oops, the Cabernet wine has turned again in the heat, moments.  A simple dish, easily made by any level cook, it is stylish, beautiful, and delectable entree salad fit for company.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
35
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
