URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63330150/oktoberfest-barbeque-sauce/
Title:
Oktoberfest Barbeque Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 bottles Sam Adams (or any) Oktoberfest beer
1 1/4 c. roasted banana peppers (can substitute any similar mild sweet pepper), peeled with seeds removed
1 1/4 c. chopped sweet onions
3 c. chopped fresh tomatoes
2 1/2 c. ketchup
1 c. black strap molasses
2 c. dark brown sugar
1 Tb. dry mustard
1 tsp. celery seeds
1 tsp. black pepper
1 Tb. salt
1/4 tsp dry ginger
1/4 tsp cloves
2 tsp liquid smoke or hickory smoke seasoning
1 can tomato paste
7 half pint jars or 3 pint jars and 1 half pint jar

Directions:
Using a 4 quart or larger saucepan, reduce the beer until it reaches a quarter its original volume- use the lines on the side of the saucepan to judge the degree to which it has reduced.
While this is reducing, you may roast or grill the banana peppers until well-charred.  Remove skins and seeds.
To the saucepan, add all remaining ingredients except the tomato paste and reduce on moderate heat, stirring occasionally until it is bubbling or spattering up violently when it is scraped up from the bottom (make sure nothing remains stuck to the bottom or it will increase the bitterness of the sauce).
Add the tomato paste and whisk in while hot. Using a hand blender, puree the mixture.  It should be fairly thick, but if it isn't, you may lower the heat and simmer further until it reaches the consistency of pizza sauce.  Keep it hot if canning.  Allow to cool completely before refrigerating or freezing unused sauce.  It keeps for 3 weeks refrigerated.
To can, pour hot sauce into hot sterilized pint sized jars (this should make 3 pints) until it is 1/2 inch from the top.  Place dry, clean lids onto the top and seal.  Cook covered in a hot water bath for 30 minutes and remove.  Check lids for seals after they have cooled and label for storage.

Submitter: 
Karen Barris Calabro
Description: 
As a chef, I find that beer lends a natural flavor to sauces meant for meats.  This is a sweet & tangy barbecue sauce made from a reduction of Sam Adam's Oktoberfest beer, garden vegetables & common kitchen condiments.  It takes a bit of time, but is worth the extra effort to make a hearty, thick, smoky barbecue that goes well with any meat or sandwich.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
7
Nutritional Facts:
NA
