URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63331103/homemade-fried-chicken-rings/
Title:
Homemade Fried Chicken Rings Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/880349.jpg
Ingredients:
1lb. boneless chicken breast or chicken tenders
1 cup all purpose flour
2 cups seasoned bread crumbs
1 beaten egg
1 cup buttermilk
1-1/2 cups canola oil
1/2 olive oil
Toothpicks

Directions:
If using chicken breast cut into thin stips you can get about 5 strips from one chicken breast cuttting  the long way.
Take chicken strip and insert a toothpick in one end form chicken into circle and attach it to the other end of the toothpick that you have already inserted into strip, now you have your first chicken ring.  Do that with all the chicken and set aside.
Next, put the flour in a shallow dish or pie pan.  In a seprate bowl, crack egg, add buttermilk to egg and beat together.
Last, put the seasoned bread crumbs in a shallow dish or pie pan.  Now, that we have our breading station set-up we can start breading the chicken rings.
Take your first chicken ring and put it in the flour
shake off excess, next drop the ring in the egg mixture, when completely wet take it out and drop it in the bread crumbs when fully coated shake of excess and put on plate. When all rings are coated you can get your oil ready.
Heat a medium skillet and add the olive oil and canola oil together, you can check it by dropping a few bread crumbs in the oil,  if it sizzles it is ready. Put enough rings in the pan to cover the bottom, do not put too many they will not cook properly.  Once they are golden brown on one side (about 4 minutes) turn over the ring and cook until other side is golden brown,  they take about 8-10 minutes per ring to cook.  When all the rings are cooked, carefully pull out the toothpicks and serve.

Submitter: 
Lori J Brandt Taylor
Description: 
Crispy Fried Chicken Rings made from chicken tenders or chicken breast sliced into strips.Modified from: Fried Chicken Rings
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
45-60 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
