URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63331544/autumn-roast-chicken-vegetables/
Title:
Autumn Roast Chicken & Vegetables Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Large stewing hen (7 - 9lbs)
1 Tb kosher salt
2 tsp cracked black pepper
1 Tb minced fresh sage or 1 tsp dried sage
1 Tb minced rosemary or 1 tsp dried rosemary
1 Tb minced garlic (or more if you're a fan of garlic)
1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil (don't skimp here)
5 - 6 c. red bliss potatoes, chopped into 1" chunks
2 large sweet potatoes- chopped into 1" chunks
1 large onion- chopped into 1" chunks
8 carrots- peeled and cut into 2" lengths
8 parsnips- peeled, cored, and cut into 2" lengths
4 large beets- peeled and cut into 1" chunks
1 cup diced tomatoes, tomato sauce, or marinara (leftover spaghetti sauce is fine)
1/2 cup white wine (dry sherry is a good alternative)
3 cups chicken stock or water with a dash of salt
2 Tb flour
1 tsp salt
1/2 tsp cracked black pepper

Directions:
Pre-heat oven to 350 degrees.
Prepare the herbs, salt, and pepper and generously rub the chicken with half of them.  Place the bird in the center of a very large roasting pan.
Prepare the root vegetables and toss with the olive oil and remaining herbs and seasoning while you are preparing them.  Parsnips and potatoes, in particular, have a tendency to oxidize and blacken very quickly.  Olive oil will prevent this, so make sure that they are quickly covered while you are chopping so this doesn't happen.  Roasting tends to make any oxidation more visible, so controlling this is crucial.  Place these vegetables around the chicken in the roasting pan.
Roast at 350 degrees for 15 minutes and without opening the oven door, reduce the temperature to 200 degrees.  Continue roasting this for an additional two hours or until a thermometer reads 140 degrees (placed in the thigh portion away from the bone).
Turn the oven up to 350 degrees and remove the roast from the oven.  Using a wooden spatula, scrape up the vegetables from the bottom of the roasting pan (they have a tendency to stick) without moving the chicken.  Add remaining ingredients (tomatoes, stock, and seasonings) to the vegetables and gently stir together.  Cook for an additional 30 minutes.
Allow to rest outside the oven for about 10 minutes before attempting to carve into portions.  I remove the backbone completely and place portions of chicken on top of the vegetables on a large serving platter, but keep the sauce aside in a gravy boat to be poured separately.  The sauce might need additional chicken stock or water to thin it if it is too thick, and definitely requires skimming off the chicken fat from the surface.

Submitter: 
Karen Barris Calabro
Description: 
I'm a lazy chef who prefers simple food, well made, and loads of flavor.  This is one of those throw-it-in-the-oven-and-forget-about-it meals, which when combined with an arugula-Parmesan-lemon tossed salad and some great Tuscan bread, makes a meal fit for company.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
