URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63340255/fish-tacos-with-honey-sauce-and-chipotle-slaw/
Title:
Fish Tacos with Honey Sauce and Chipotle Slaw Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/886945.jpg
Ingredients:
Fish marinade:
1 pound tilapia or halibut or other firm white fish
1/2 cup fresh lime juice
Sauce:
1/3 cup fresh lime juice
2 Tbsp honey
1 Tbsp grape seed or canola oil
1 tsp ground cumin
Chipotle Mayo:
1/2 cup mayonnaise
2 chipotle chilies in adobo sauce with 1 Tbsp of the sauce
1/8 tsp cayenne pepper
Breading for fish:
1/3 cup flour
2 eggs, slightly beaten
2 cups panko crumbs
salt and pepper to taste
1 cup vegetable oil for frying
Slaw:
2 cups of coleslaw
1/2 cup minced fresh cilantro leaves (optional)
To assemble:
8 flour or corn tortillas, 7 inch, warmed

Directions:
Cut the fish into chunks.  I make mine about 1 1/2 inches square. Place in a glass dish and pour 1/2 cup of lime juice over them.  Refrigerate for at least 4 hours.
Make the honey sauce by whisking together 1/3 cup lime juice, honey, oil and ground cumin.  Set aside.
Make the mayo by combining the mayonnaise, chilies, adobo sauce, and cayenne pepper in a a food processor or blender.  Pulse until smooth.  Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.
To bread the fish, place the flour, eggs, and panko crumbs in separate shallow dishes.  Remove the fish from the lime marinade and discard any leftover liquid.   Dip the fish pieces in the flour, then eggs and finally the panko crumbs.  This is messy but necessary!  Set the prepared fish aside on a plate.
Pour oil into a skillet until 1/4 inch deep.  Heat the oil over medium heat until 365 degrees.  Add the fish pieces a few at a time. Cook them, turning as required until brown on all sides - about 7 minutes depending upon the size of your pieces.  Drain on a paper towel.  Place on a plate and brush the fish with the honey sauce.   If needed, you can put the cooked fish in a warm 150 degree oven until all the fish is cooked and you are ready to eat.
Set aside 1/4 cup of the chipotle mayo.  Mix the coleslaw, cilantro and remaining mayo until combined.
Spread the warmed tortillas with a tablespoon of the reserved chipotle mayo.  Divide the fish among the tortillas and top with the slaw.  Fold as desired and enjoy!

Submitter: 
Cathryn Aune
Description: 
This recipe takes time to prepare, but BOY is it worth it!  I have tried many and this one is the one that I keep coming back to.  There are three parts to prepare: the fish, the honey sauce, and the chipotle mayo for the slaw.  Once they are combined in a tortilla they are simply delicious - you must try them!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
4 hr (fish) + 20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
