URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63347834/green-posole-with-spicy-jalapeno-chicken-sausage/
Title:
Green Posole With Spicy Jalape単o Chicken Sausage Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/891492.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (12 ounce) package Al Fresco fully cooked Spicy Jalape単o chicken sausage
1 teaspoon olive oil
1 large onion, chopped
1 tablespoon minced garlic (about 3 cloves of garlic)
2 teaspoons ground cumin
1 teaspoon dried oregano (preferably Mexican oregano, but regular will be fine)
1/2 teaspoon black pepper
1 (32 ounce) carton chicken broth
1/2 (16-oz) jar (or 1 cup) green salsa
1 (4 ounce) can green chilis
2 (15 ounce) cans white hominy, drained and rinsed
1/2 cup fresh cilantro, chopped

Directions:
Slice the sausage into thin slices.
Heat a large skillet over medium heat and add the olive oil.
Place the sausage in a large skillet and cook for about two minutes on each side until browned.
Add the chopped onions into the skillet and cook about 5 minutes until the onions are soft.
Add the garlic to the sausage and onions and cook for about 1 minute.
Add the sausage, onions, garlic and remaining ingredients into a large slow cooker.
Cook on low for about 8 hours or on high for 4 hours.
Garnish with fresh cilantro or any of your favorite toppings.

Submitter: 
Occasional Cooker
Description: 
As an AllRecipes AllStar, I was given the opportunity to create a unique recipe using one of the products of their Brand Partner, Al Fresco All Natural Chicken Sausage.  I selected the Al Fresco Spicy Jalape単o Chicken Sausage and decided to make a posole, a mexican soup.  Usually made with pork, this posole I decided to lighten up and spice up with the Al Fresco Spicy Jalape単o Chicken Sausage with roasted red peppers.  It turned out to be easy, healthy, and delicious.  A great combination.  I hope you enjoy it as much as we do.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
