URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63348117/mousaka/
Title:
Mousaka Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Veggies:
2 large eggplants (about 2 3/4 pounds), unpeeled and cut lengthwise into 1/2-inch slices (I used 2 peeled rosa bianca eggplants)
1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
2 pounds potatoes cook and sliced into 1/4-inch slices (I used Yukon gold)
.
Meat Sauce:
1 1/2 lbs. ground lamb (I used 1.25lbs lamb + .25 lbs ground beef round)
2 large onions, finely diced
2 cloves garlic, minced
1/2 cup red wine (I used merlot)
1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
1/4 tsp. ground allspice
1 cup tomato puree or crushed tomatoes (I used crushed)
2 tbsp. tomato paste
1 tsp. sugar
salt & pepper to taste
.
Béchamel Sauce:
5 tbsp butter
5 tbsp all-purpose flour, preferably wondra
2 1/2 cups milk
Few grains of nutmeg ~ several pinches fresh grated to taste
Salt, as needed
White pepper, as needed
2 egg yolks
1/2 cup Parmesan cheese
.

Directions:
Eggplant & Potatoes:
Peel the eggplant if you wish and slice the eggplant to the required thickness. Place the slices in a colander and put the colander in a large bowl. Sprinkle the slices liberally with kosher salt and let them rest until the salt begins to draw moisture to the surface, about 20 minutes (preferably 60 minutes).  Rinse the eggplant thoroughly, let drain, and blot dry.
Bake the eggplant: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (Convect bake cycle). Brush the eggplant slices on both sides with the oil and lay on 2 small or 1 large foil-lined baking sheet. Season with salt and pepper. Cover with foil and bake until the eggplant is soft, about 21 minutes. Set aside covered.
Boil potatoes in jackets for 15 minutes or until cooked but firm.  Let cool.  Peel and slice into 1/4-inch slices.
Meat Sauce:
In a large sauté pan, brown the ground lamb (and/or beef)  until the pink color disappears. Add onion and sauté until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute.
Add wine to pan and allow it to simmer and reduce a bit before adding cinnamon, allspice, parsley, tomato paste, crushed tomatoes, and sugar. Allow the sauce to simmer uncovered for approximately 15 minutes so that excess liquid can evaporate. It should be a drier, chunkier, tomato sauce. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
SEE FOOTNOTES FOR REMAINING INSTRUCTIONS

Submitter: 
AllieGeekPi
Description: 
Lamb Mousaka with potato layer and béchamel sauce.  This Mousaka has an extra potato later for potato lovers.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
