URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63342999/best-ever-apple-cranberry-crisp/
Title:
Best Ever Apple Cranberry Crisp Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6-7 cups mixed variety apples (combination of softer and firmer flesh)
1 cup dried cranberries
1 cup Grand Marnier (or other orange liquer)
1 vanilla bean, split - seeds only
1 1/2 cups brown sugar, divided
1 cup rolled oats
1/2 cup whole wheat flour (sub. white is fine)
2 tsp. cinnamon, divided
1 tsp. nutmeg
1 tsp. all spice
2 teaspoons ground flax (optional)
1/2 tsp. salt
1 stick unsalted butter, slightly melted
juice from half a lemon

Directions:
Pre-heat oven to 375F degrees.
Place dried cranberries and Grand Marnier in a microwave safe bowl. Heat on high for 1 minute. At the same time in a separate bowl, place stick of unsalted butter and semi-melt (about 30 seconds). Set aside.
Prepare topping by combining oats, 1 cup of brown sugar, flour, flax, cinnamon, salt, nutmeg & allspice.
Set aside until ready to assemble.
Peel, core and slice apples. place in a large bowl and squeeze lemon juice on to apples to prevent browning.
In a small fry pan heated to high, place cranberries with Grand Marnier and add 2-3 tbsp of brown sugar. heat on high until liquid is quite reduced and sugar is melted. The berries will look slightly candied.
Split vanilla bean and add seeds to apples.  Add warm cranberries to apples, remaining brown sugar and cinnamon - mix all ingredients together.
Place apple mixture in a large baking dish.
add the semi-melted butter to the dry ingredients and cut in with a pastry cutter or fork until well combined.
Place crumbled mixture on top of apples, pressing down slightly.
Bake at 375F for approximately 30-35 minutes or until top is golden and apples are cooked.
Cool for 15 minutes and server with vanilla ice cream or cinnamon whipped cream.
Cool completely and refrigerate up to 5 days.

Submitter: 
Ellen Violet-Muir
Description: 
I love to experiment with crisps.  This version uses dried cranberries brought to new life with orange spirits!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min.
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
