URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63343244/vegan-apple-crisp-glutenfree/
Title:
Vegan Apple Crisp (Glutenfree) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Vegan Apple crisp
Serves 4-6
Ingredients
Filling ingredients
2 pounds (about 4 ) granny smith apples,  cored, quartered and cut in 1/4 inch slices
fresh juice of 1/4 a lemon
1/2 tablespoon arrowroot powder (corn or potato starch would be an ok substitution)
2 teaspoons cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
1/4 teaspoon allspice
tiny pinch cloves (about 1/8 teaspoon)
1/4 cup sweetener (your choice, can use low glycemic, wet or dry)
1/3 cup raisins (optional)
Topping Ingredients
3/4 cups rolled oats, briefly processed in food processor to achieve crumb state
1/6 cup coconut flour
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/8 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoons olive oil (add more as necessary to achieve crumbly texture)
1 tablespoon sweetener (your choice)
1 teaspoon vanilla

Directions:
Directions
Preaheat oven to 350. In a large bowl squeeze lemon juice over sliced apples. Add the arrowroot and spices making sure all apples are coated. Move apple mixture to the baking dish and drizzle the sweetener over it. Cover with tin foil and bake for 35 minutes.
Meanwhile prepare the topping. Sift dry ingredients together, and in a separate bowl, mix wet ingredients well. Fold wet into dry mixing with a fork as you go along, until well coated and crumbly.
When apples are done baking, remove from oven and toss, then flatten them evenly with the back of a spatula or wooden spoon. Sprinkle the topping evenly over the apple mixture and bake uncovered for 25-30 minutes, or until top feels crispy. Serve warm with vegan ice cream.

Submitter: 
Rebecca Friedman
Description: 
This recipe is glutenfree if prepared with GF oats, and is free of dairy or eggs so vegans can enjoy.  It crisps nicely and tastes wonderful.  Enjoy!  I modified this recipe from many years of making crisps and any number of online versions of apple crisp.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
90 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
