URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63341724/whole-wheat-bagels/
Title:
Whole Wheat Bagels Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/887430.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup water
2 Tbsp honey
4 tsp vital gluten
1 tsp salt
3 cups whole wheat flour
1 3/4 tsp yeast
2-3 quarts of water
2 Tbsp sugar
1 Tbsp cornmeal (optional)
1 egg white (optional)
Your choice of toppings

Directions:
Place ingredients in the bread maker in the order listed.  Select "dough" setting.
When dough is ready, remove from the bread maker and "punch it down" on a clean surface, lightly floured.
Cut the dough into 8 equal sections and pat into balls, pushing your thumb through to make the hole.  Try to make the bagel hole slightly larger than your thumb and shape the bagel as round as possible.  If preferred, you can roll each section into a rope and make a circle that way.  Whatever works.
Set the bagels aside under a clean towel for a 15 minute rest.
Meanwhile, turn on the oven to 375  (Convection oven 350)
Put 2-3 quarts of water in a large pot on the stove.  Bring the water to a boil and add the 2 Tbsp sugar.
When the resting period is over, add the bagels to the boiling water, 2 - 4 at a time depending upon the size of your pot.  Boil them 1 minute, turning half way through.
Remove from the water with a slotted spoon and drain on a clean towel.
Once all the bagels have been boiled,  place them on a non-stick pan or sprinkle 1 Tbsp of cornmeal on a regular pan.
If you want to add toppings, brush the bagels with egg white and sprinkle on dry roasted garlic, pepper, or other spices.  I like mine plain.
Bake in the oven for about 15-20 minutes or until nice and brown.  Times will depend upon the size of your bagels (for example if you make 4 giant ones it will take longer to cook).  Watch carefully that they don't burn.
When baked, remove from the pan to a cooling rack.  Wait as long as you can, then enjoy!

Submitter: 
Cathryn Aune
Description: 
These yummy bagels can be made starting in the breadmaker and are so simple you will wonder why you haven't been making your own bagels all along.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1.5 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
