URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63345104/gluten-free-waffles-with-mixed-berry-sauce/
Title:
Gluten Free Waffles with Mixed Berry Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
WAFFLE BATTER:
3-3/4 cups almond flour
1-1/2 cup potato starch
6 teaspoons baking powder
1-1/2 teaspoon sea salt
6 tablespoons granulated sugar
3/4 cup unsweetened applesauce
6 tablespoons oil
1-1/2 cup coconut milk
MIXED BERRY SAUCE
1 15-ounce package frozen mixed berries (or fresh, if you have them)
1/8 cup maple syrup
Whipped cream (optional)

Directions:
WAFFLE PREPARATION
Whisk together your dry ingredients.
Whisk together the applesauce, oil, and coconut milk. Pour the dry ingredients into the wet, and stir. Add more liquid slowly (I do it by the tablespoon so as not to pour too much) until you've reached the consistency of a thick batter. Always start with less liquid and test the batter on one pancake or waffle first. If it's too thick, you can add more liquid, but you can't take liquid away once you've added it!
To make waffles, make sure to oil the iron frequently and keep the batter thick. It won't spread on the iron, but you can use a spoon to spread the batter out evenly on the iron. If the batter is too thin, it is much more likely to stick.
To make pancakes, you can use a little more liquid than with waffles (about 2-4 tablespoons more), depending on how thick you prefer your pancakes.
MIXED BERRY SAUCE PREPARATION:
Place mixed berries in small sauce pan. Add maple syrup. Heat over medium heat, mashing berries with potato masher to desired consistency. When berries are heated, pour over waffles and top with whipped cream.

Submitter: 
Betsy B
Description: 
I found this recipe on thedailydietribe.com when I needed to put together a gluten-free brunch. It's so much better than standard waffles made with white flour!  I added the mixed berry sauce instead maple syrup to keep it lighter.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
