URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63340056/frankenbean-stew/
Title:
FRANKENBEAN STEW Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/886505.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tblsp olive oil
1 large onion diced
3 stalks of celery diced
2 carrots diced
1 tblsp of fresh minced garlic
1  28fl oz can of diced tomatoes
4  14fl oz cans of pork n beans in tomato sauce
4 cups of chicken broth (or vegetable broth if you prefer)
6 smokies diced into small bite size cubes
3 large potatoes peeled and cut into small bite size cubes
1 tsp dill
2 tsp roasted garlic peppers
1 tsp mrs. dash
1 tsp black pepper
1 bottle of v8 jucie (just a regular drink size not the large ones)
1/2 tsp salt ( or more if you prefer. I prefer to omit salt all together due to using chicken broth which can be salty depending on the brand you use. I use presidents choice.)

Directions:
In a large heavy pot, on medium heat, add your oil, then add onions, celery, carrots, garlic, dill, roasted garlic peppers, mrs. dash, and pepper and mix well. Cook until the onions become semi-transparent. Stir frequently as this can burn quickly without the stock added.
Once the onions are semi-transparent, add the Tomatoes, beans, chicken broth, and smokies and v8 juice. Bring to a boil then let simmer for 1 hour on low heat. Once the liquid has reduced a bit, add the potatoes and continue to simmer on low heat for another hour.
Simmering is the key to this very delicious stew. Once it is done simmering, if you find it too thick you can add more v8 juice to thin it up a bit or have it thick like I do and many of our guests as well. Please feel free to send me any comments on how to improve this recipe as I am always open to meet new chefs and cooks alike :)

Submitter: 
Chef Krumm
Description: 
I find the taste of this particular soup brings back memories of being a little boy and eating pork and beans on the farm so I created that flavor and added a twist and turnd this into a nice stew that is great for having on those cool days. The name FRANKENBEAN was a combination of the idea and my favorite movie monster, Frankenstein... yes I have a warped sense of humor... This is one of our best selling soups at our restaurant. I hope you enjoy it.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
