URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63345098/matts-marinated-chicken-spinach-pizza---quick-pourable-crust/
Title:
Matt's Marinated Chicken Spinach Pizza - Quick pourable crust Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/888729.jpg
Ingredients:
Optional spices for chicken:
1/2 tsp smoked paprika,
1/2 tsp black pepper
1/4 tsp cayenne or red pepper flakes
Initial toppings:
3 oz (84 g)chicken breast cut to 1/4 thin strips
1/2 pound (225 g)very thinly sliced Roma tomatoes
1 ounce (28 g) Portabella mushroom -diced
3/4 cup (60 g)Frozen spinach leaves - broken to small pieces
1 tsp minced garlic
1/4 tsp black pepper
1/8 tsp crushed red pepper
8 or more Sprays of olive oil on pizza crust surface
Dough:
2-1/3 cups (186 g) Rolled oats - old fashioned
1 cup Skim Milk
1-1/2 tsp Oregano - dried or fresh
3 tbsp (39 g)extra virgin olive oil
2 egg whites or 1/4 cup (46 g) egg beaters
1/8 tsp Anise seeds - optional
1/2 tsp minced garlic
Cool down phase toppings:
1/2 ounce (14 g) fresh Basil leaves
1 to 3 oz (28 to 84 g) of Cheddar or Pepper Jack 50% fat free cheese - Cabot brand

Directions:
Marinated chicken overnight(optional)with your favorite spices (like smoked paprika, black pepper and cayenne or red pepper flakes)
Using a 15" pizza stone or cookie baking stone: use marker to outline non-stick pan lining parchment paper.
Adjust oven rack to lowest level. Place stoneware on that lowest rack without the parchment pan lining paper.
Place parchment paper on additional pan for rigidity when transferring pizza to oven heated stone
Preheat oven to 450 F.
Cut up all "initial toppings" as described and place on large plate.
Put oats alone in blender and turn it on high so oats turn into a flour.
Add the rest of the dough ingredients into blender.  Dont let is sit in the blender too long or it will "thicken" and or it won't be not so easy to pour out. Pour on parchment paper.  Spread with large spoon to marked edges on the paper.
Spray on additional olive oil.
Place "Initial toppings" on dough. (arrange chicken strips in "wagon wheel spoke" pattern)
Cook for 10 minutes.
While protecting hands from heat, keep pizza in oven and quickly place "Cool down phase toppings" on pizza in order shown - then shut oven door.  Turn off oven.
Let final toppings "melt" for about 5 minutes.
Leaving stoneware in oven, transfer parchment paper and pizza to other pan or move with pizza peel.  Cut into eight pieces and separate by one inch.. this will make edge moisture evaporate and all edges become crispy.
Variations:  add tomato sauce or puree' to pizza dough after it is spread on parchment paper if you want more of a "sauce" texture. Also, add Bel Giosloso mozzarella pearls here and there as an initial topping.

Submitter: 
Matt
Description: 
This is quite an easy crust to make - no waiting for the dough to rise... simply pour and spread on parchment paper... with beautiful and delicious toppings described here.  Add salt for taste as desired because this is an initially low sodium pizza. The healthiest, closely authentic Italian crispy-thin crust pizza you'll find. Ummmmm...say that fast! :)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
35
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
