URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63340609/chimichurri-steak-sandwich/
Title:
Chimichurri Steak Sandwich Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/886820.jpg
Ingredients:
FOR THE CHIMICHURRI SAUCE:
1-½ cup Parsley
½ cups Cilantro
2 cloves Garlic
1  Lemon
1 teaspoon Ground Cumin
¼ teaspoons Cayenne Pepper
½ cups Olive Oil
Salt And Pepper
FOR THE SANDWICH:
2 Tablespoons Butter
½  Yellow Onion
2  Cube Steaks (approximate Size Of Rolls)
2  Ciabatta Rolls
4 Tablespoons Chimichurri Sauce
2 ounces, weight Fresh Mozzarella Cheese
½  Vine Ripened Tomato
1 cup Arugula
Salt And Pepper

Directions:
Combine the first six chimichurri sauce ingredients in a food processor. Blend while slowly adding olive oil. You may find that you need to add more oil to make the sauce a pourable consistency. Add salt and pepper to taste. Transfer to a small bowl or pitcher, cover tightly with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until use.
Heat 1 tablespoon butter in a skillet over medium heat. Thinly slice onion and add it into the skillet. Cook until soft and browned. Remove onions from the skillet with a slotted spoon and set aside.
Add remaining tablespoon of butter into the skillet and increase heat to medium-high. Season both sides of each steak with salt and pepper. Add steaks into the skillet with the butter and cook 3-4 minutes on each side, according to your desired doneness.
Meanwhile, slice warm ciabatta rolls in half and spread 1 tablespoon chimichurri sauce (see recipe below) on each half. Slice mozzarella and tomatoes as thinly as possible.
When the steaks are cooked, place one on the bottom half of each ciabatta roll. Add the rest of the ingredients onto the sandwich in the following order, mozzarella, onions, tomatoes, arugula, and the top half of the ciabatta. Serve immediately along with red wine.

Submitter: 
Rebekah
Description: 
A succulent steak sandwich with caramelized onions and tangy South American sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
