URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63343217/creamy-vegan-corn-chowder/
Title:
Creamy Vegan Corn Chowder Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/888092.jpg
Ingredients:
2 teaspoons extra virgin olive oil
1 onion, chopped fine
3 ribs celery, chopped fine
3 carrots, chopped fine
4 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and chopped into small dice
1 head cauliflower, cut into bite-sized pieces
2 bay leaves
1/2 tsp dry thyme
1/2 tsp dry oregano
8 cups sweet corn, fresh or frozen thawed
2 quarts vegetable broth
1 cup cashews
1/3 cup nutritional yeast
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Heat oil in a large pot. Add the onion, celery, and carrot and cook over medium heat until softened, about 5-7 minutes.
Add potato and cauliflower, along with bay leaves, thyme, and oregano and cook for a few more minutes to release flavors.
Add 6 cups of the corn (reserving two cups) along with the vegetable broth. If not all vegetables are covered, add a little water. Bring mixture to a boil and then reduce heat and simmer until all vegetables are tender, about 35-40 minutes. Remove bay leaves.
Place reserved 2 cups of corn, cashews, and nutritional yeast into the blender. Add a few ladles of the cooked soup mixture and broth, or until the blender container is mostly to capacity. Keep the lid well vented and cover with a dish towel. Blend on high until ingredients are thoroughly pureed and smooth. Add the mixture back to the soup pot and stir to combine. Taste for seasoning and serve.

Submitter: 
allisonmdickson
Description: 
The base of this soup used to be a roux-thickened chicken broth with milk and cheese added. However, since becoming vegan, I had to adapt, and I'm proud to say that this version is thicker and creamier than the original, and it was all achieved without a drop of flour or milk. It's not only the best vegan corn chowder recipe I've had, but it's just plain the best corn chowder ever. Even my non-vegan family loves it, and they request it regularly. This recipe makes a lot, but it keeps and freezes very well.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
