URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63345295/best-ever-thick-and-chewy-chocolate-chip-cookies/
Title:
Best-Ever Thick and Chewy Chocolate Chip Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 1/2 cups unbleached all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon kosher salt
2 sticks (16 tablespoons) European-style unsalted butter, room temperature
1 3/4 cups sugar
2 eggs
1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
2 cups dark chocolate chunks

Directions:
In a small mixing bowl, whisk together flour, baking soda, and salt until well combined.
In a stand mixer, using the paddle attachment, cream the butter with the sugar on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 3-5 minutes. Add the eggs one at a time, mixing between additions and scraping down the bowl as needed. Add the vanilla extract and mix. On low speed or by hand, stir in the dry ingredients until just combined. Stir in the chocolate chips, mixing until just incorporated. Do not over-mix. Scrape down the bowl as needed.
Using a cookie scoop, ice cream scoop, or two spoons, form dough balls and place on prepared cookie sheets with a few inches of room in between. Refrigerate overnight.
Preheat the oven to 375 F with rack in the center. Line cookie sheets with parchment or silicone baking mats.
Bake for 10-13 minutes (depending on the size of your dough balls), until they are golden brown around the edges and puffy in the center. Let cookies cool a few minutes on baking sheets before transferring to wire racks to cool completely.

Submitter: 
Gina Lee Lafreniere
Description: 
adapted from Baking at Home with the Culinary Institute of America 
The cookie is golden crisp at the edges, an inch-thick, and soft--blissfully almost undercooked--with melty dark chocolate chunks inside. I've eaten a lot of chocolate chip cookies in my day, but this one balances near the top of the heap.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
24 hrs
Ready in:
24 hrs
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
