URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63353650/surf-n-turf-cajun-pasta/
Title:
Surf n Turf Cajun Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 whole 6-ounce Beef Filet Steaks 1 1/2 Inches Thick (or Any Small/petite Steak)
Cajun Seasoning
2 Tablespoons Butter
3 Tablespoons Olive Oil
1 pound Jumbo Shrimp, Deveined & Shells Removed
1 whole Small Red Onion, Halved And Sliced
1 whole Green Bell Pepper, Seeded, Halved, And Sliced
1 whole Red Bell Pepper, Seeded, Halved, And Sliced
3 cloves Garlic, Minced
1/2 cup White Wine
1-1/2 cup Low-sodium Chicken Broth (more To Taste)
3/4 cups Heavy Cream
1/2 cup Parmesan Cheese, Grated
2 whole Tomatoes, Diced
Minced Parsley, To Taste
1 pound Fettuccine, Rigatoni, Or Other Noodle

Directions:
Cook pasta according to package directions. Drain when pasta is still al dente; do not overcook!
Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
Season steaks generously with Cajun spice. Melt 1 tablespoon butter and 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Sear the steaks until dark golden brown on both sides. Remove to an oven-safe plate or dish. Place in the oven and continue cooking until medium rare, about 12 minutes.
Add additional 1 tablespoon butter and another tablespoon olive oil to the skillet and allow to melt/get hot. Season shrimp liberally with Cajun spice and throw into the skillet. Cook until opaque and deep golden brown. Remove to a plate and set aside.
Throw in onion and bell pepper, then cook for a couple of minutes until golden brown and color but still somewhat crisp. Add garlic and cook around for 30-45 seconds. Remove veggies to a plate and set aside.
With the pan over high heat, pour in the wine and chicken broth. Cook on high for 3 to 5 minutes, scraping the bottom of the pan to deglaze. Reduce heat to medium-low and pour in cream, stirring/whisking constantly. Cook sauce over medium-low heat for a few minutes, until cream starts to thicken the mixture. Add Parmesan and stir to melt. Taste and adjust seasonings as needed.
Finally, add vegetables to the sauce, making sure to include all the juices that have drained onto the plate. Stir and cook for 1 to 2 minutes, until mixture is bubbly and hot. Add drained fettuccine, minced parsley, and toss to combine. Splash in more chicken broth if it needs more liquid.
Mound pasta on plates and nest a warm steak in the middle. Arrange shrimp around the edge of the plate. Sprinkle with a little more minced parsley and serve!

Submitter: 
Ursula Blakely
Description: 
Pioneer Woman
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
