URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63357245/dsfs-carne-asada-tacos/
Title:
DSF's Carne Asada Taco's Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/893671.jpg
Ingredients:
3/4 lbs. flank steak
1/3 cup white vinegar
1/2 cup soy sauce
4 cloves garlic, minced
2 limes, juiced
1/2 cup olive oil
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon ground white pepper
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon chili powder
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon paprika
1 white onion, chopped
1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro
1 lime, juiced
2 large tomatoes, chopped
2 jalapeño peppers, chopped & de-seeded
1 pinch salt and pepper to taste
1 package corn tortillas
1 cup shredded Mexican cheese blend
1 lime, quartered
Sour Cream for taste

Directions:
Lay the flank steak in a large glass baking dish.
In a medium bowl, whisk together the vinegar, soy sauce, 4 cloves of minced garlic, juice of 2 limes, olive oil, salt, black pepper, white pepper, garlic powder, chili powder, oregano, cumin and paprika. Whisk until well blended, then pour over the steak in the dish. Turn over once to coat both sides.
Cover with plastic wrap, and marinate for 1 to 8 hours.
In a small bowl, stir together 1 chopped white onion, cilantro, and the juice of 1 lime. Set aside to use as a relish for the tacos.
Cut the marinated flank steak into cubes.
Heat vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.  Add the chopped tomatoes and jalapeños, and cook until the tomatoes are soft and mushy.
Add the cubed flank steak to the mixture, stirring constantly, until the meat is cooked through and most of the liquid has evaporated.
Warm the tortillas in a skillet for about a minute on each side to make them pliable (tortillas may also be warmed in a microwave oven).
Arrange two or three tortillas on a plate, and lay a generous amount of beef over them. Top with a sprinkle of the onion relish, add as much cheese as you like, and if you like, add sour cream.
Garnish with lime wedges, and serve.

Submitter: 
DrSeussFreak
Description: 
My wife and I enjoy taco night 2-3 times a month, and after nailing down our recipe, I decided to share what we do to make, what we think, are awesome, homemade tacos!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
0 hr 25 min
Ready in:
0 hr 35 min
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
