URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63355659/grilled-shrimp-linguini-with-lemon-wine-sauce/
Title:
Grilled Shrimp Linguini with Lemon-Wine Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/895007.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup of white wine
2/3 cup of lemon juice (freshly squeezed)
1 lb of asparagus (chopped in 1 inch length)
1/2 cup chopped green onions
3 tbsp of unsalted butter
2 tsp garlic salt
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
1/2 cup of grated Parmesan cheese (optional)
1 lb uncooked dried linguini
1 lb raw shrimp (peeled, deveined, tails on)

Directions:
Bring a large pot of water to boil for the pasta as per the directions on the packaging. After you've prepped the asparagus, set it aside. You will add the asparagus to the cooking pasta during the last 2 minutes of cooking. Drain the pasta and asparagus, set aside. Add 1 tbsp to prevent sticking. Add pepper and garlic salt to taste to flavor the pasta. Add chopped green onions to pasta, mix well.
While the pasta is cooking, heat a medium sauce pan on medium. Add and melt 1 tbsp of butter to pan. Add lemon juice, wine, 1 tsp of salt, and 1/2 tsp of pepper. Increase to medium high heat to gentle boil until sauce is reduced by half about 2-3 minutes. Remove from heat and add 1 tbsp on butter, swirl until melted. Set sauce aside.
While the pasta is cooking, heat grill/grill pan to medium high heat. Put shrimp in a small bowl, add 1 tsp of salt and pepper, add 1 tbsp of olive oil, mix well. Add shrimp to grill cool for 2-3 minuts per side or until shrimp is pink and opaque.
After you've cooked and seasoned the pasta. Add to serving bowls/plates, spoon over sauce, add shrimp. Toss lightly. Sprinkle Parmesan cheese.

Submitter: 
DeniseB
Description: 
This is a refreshing and lighter pasta. It is made with a lemon-wine reduction sauce, grilled shrimp, chopped asparagus and green onions. It is very easy and quick to make.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
