URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63353492/pan-con-pollo/
Title:
Pan con Pollo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/891876.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tbsp oregano (dried)
1 tbsp calabasa seeds (pumpkin seed)
1 tbsp sesame seeds
2 medium white onion
7 garlic cloves
½ head of cabbage (shredded)
6 dried california chiles (dried, top stems removed)
10-15 chile de arbol (dried)
4 cloves
1 tbsp Parsley
½ cup chopped cilantro
1-2 Whole Romaine Lettuce Leaves
1 Red bell pepper
9 Large tomatoes
2 medium cucumbers (peeled & sliced)
1 cup sliced radishes
5 Tomatillos
½ cup white vinegar
¼ cup lemon juice
Salt to Taste (preferably kosher)
3 Tbsp Mustard
1/3 cup white wine
2 tbs butter
4 lbs Chicken (Breasts & Thighs)
12 Pan de Bolio
Mayo & Mustard

Directions:
Chicken: Place chicken in large bowl. Add 3 tbsp mustard, white wine, & 1 tsp salt. Mix & marinade chicke. Set aside.
Heat large skillet/grill on medium high heat. Place white onion & 7 tomatoes on grill. Let cook until vegetables are soft & darkened, about 20-30 minutes. In last 10 minutes add 4 garlic cloves, roast until darkened in areas. Add to blender.
Meanwhile, heat a small sauté pan on medium high heat. Add California chilies, sesame seeds & calabasa seeds. Heat until chilies start to darken & seeds start to brown. Add to blender.  Add red bell pepper, 3 cloves, 1 tbsp oregano, 1 tbsp parsley, & 2 tsp of salt to blender. Blend until smooth. Add sauce to a large pot, set on low heat.
In skillet that was used for roasting, warm skillet to high heat. Add 2 tbsp of butter; add the chicken pieces, brown on both sides, about 5 minutes on each side. When chicken pieces are done browning, add them to pot. Set pot on medium-low heat, cook for 30 minutes.
Salsa: Meanwhile, bring a small pot of water to boil, add the tomatillos, cook for about 10 minutes until tomatillos are soft. Add to blender, set aside. Add remaining tomatoes, ½ cup cilantro, garlic cloves, 10-15 chilies de arbol, & salt to taste. Blend until mixture is smooth. Pour salsa in a bowl, place in fridge to cool.
Curtido: Place shredded cabbage in large bowl, add vinegar, oregano, 1/ 4 cup lemon juice, sliced onions, radishes, cucumbers, and salt & pepper to taste. Mix ingredients thoroughly, set aside. 7. For Sandwiches: Take a bread, slice nearly in half on the side, so as to stuff the sandwich. Spread with mayo & mustard, add lettuce, add curtido, add a spoon of salsa.Chicken should be taken out onto a plate to be shredded out in pieces for the sandwich. Add chicken & sauce to sandwich.

Submitter: 
DeniseB
Description: 
Classic Sandwich Dish from El Salvador. This recipe is my grandmother's and it's famous in our family. It takes some work but its well worth it. I've added some pictures to help. Some of this recipe's ingredients can be found at a Latin market, or maybe in your ethnic food isle. This sandwich has a delicious combinations of flavors and textures. The bread, the cruchy vegetables, spicy salsa for a kick, roasted tomato sauce, and tender chicken. This is 100% Authentic Salvadorean!Modified from: Panes con Pollo
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1h
Ready in:
2h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
