URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63359015/homestyle-quiche/
Title:
Homestyle Quiche Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/894383.jpg
Ingredients:
1 C. Carrots (chopped finely)
1 Onion (chopped finely)
1 C. Fresh mushrooms (sliced)
2 Tbsp. Butter
1 C.  Monterey Jack Cheese (grated)
1 C.  All purpose flour
1/2 C. Whole wheat pastry flour
1/2 tsp. Salt
1/2 C.  Lard (chilled)
9 to 10 Tbsp. Ice water
1 C. Milk
1/2 C. All purpose flour
1 tsp. Baking Powder
3 Eggs

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 (190 C) degrees Fahrenheit
Prepare carrots, onions and mushrooms in a frying pan and saute them until nice and tender and set aside.
In a medium size mixing bowl put flours and salt together and stir until well mixed  and then add chilled lard to the mixture and cut into the flour with a pastry blender until mixture is about the size of a pea.
While stirring mixture with a fork add ice water a Tablespoon at a time and continue to mix until dough comes together to form a ball.
Place dough on a lightly floured counter space and roll out to fit a 9" pie plate.
Pick the dough up at the edges and lay half of dough back and then place into pie plate cutting the remaining overhang and then with your forefinger and thumb  press dough together to make a fluted edge.
Pre bake the crust until lightly browned and then take out and set aside for a few minutes
When  cooled add the vegetables and spread them over the bottom of the baked pastry shell.
Add grated cheese on top of vegetables covering the first layer
In a large mixing bowl pour in milk, eggs and Baking Powder and stir with a wire whisk until nice and smooth
Pour over the layers in the pie plate and let set for a few minutes and then place in oven for about 30 minutes or  until nicely browned on top.

Submitter: 
Cheerios
Description: 
A very down to earth taste with the  goodness of carrots and mushrooms with added onions to make it a very nutritious choice for your dinner table this Fall season and is great for breakfast.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
