URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63352380/mommas-sketti-and-meatballs/
Title:
Momma's Sketti and Meatballs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/891533.jpg
Ingredients:
FOR SAUCE:
1 Lg chopped onion, chopped
1 Lg chopped green bell pepper, chopped
1/8 c olive or vegatable oil
4 cloves crushed garlic, minced
1 Lg c whole peeled tomatoes
1 Lg c tomato sauce
1 sm c tomato paste (italian style)
3 bayleaf
1 Tbl Italian seasoning
1/2 tsp oragano
1/4 tsp black pepper
1/2 tsp salt
1 lb sliced mushrooms
FOR MEATBALLS:
1lb Ground Beef
1/2 sm onion
1/2 tsp red pepper flakes
1/2 tsp salt
1/2 tsp oragano
1 Tbl Italian seasoning
2 whole garlic cloves
couple dashs hot sauce
1 Tbl Worcestershire Sauce
1/8 c half and half (or milk)
1/4 c fresh grated parmesan cheese
1/2 c fresh bread crumbs

Directions:
SAUCE: In a heavy dutch oven saute onion, bell pepper and garlic in oil until onion becomes slightly translucent.  Stir in tomato paste, sauce and tomatoes, breaking tomatoes in half while stirring.  Add seasonings and bring to a simmer, lower heat and cover.
Continue cooking at a slow low simmer 2 - 3 hours. The longer the better.  Be sure to stir, scraping bottom and sides of pot every 25-30 min to prevent scorching. Halfway through cook time and before adding meatballs, use a potato masher to break down the vegatables to desired consistancy or leave chunky as is.
Finally add mushrooms and meatballs to cook in the sauce during the last two hours. Continue cooking low and slow. Remove the lid during the last hour of simmering to allow the sauce to cook down to thick deliciousness.
Choose your favorite pasta, top with sauce, meatballs and Parmesan cheese.  Add a salad and your favorite bread to complete the meal!
MEATBALLS: Preheat oven to 325 and line a cookie sheet with foil.
Break apart ground beef in a large mixing bowl. Using a food processor (minichoper) finely mince or pulverize onion and garlic. Add remaining seasonings and sauces to processor, pulse to well combine, pour over beef. Mix lightly but thoroughly with a large fork.
Add cheese and bread crumbs, sprinkle with milk. Combine well without over-mixing. Shape into 1 1/2 inch balls and place on cookie sheet.  Bake for 20 minutes. Set aside for sauce.

Submitter: 
MA McBridges
Description: 
Long slow simmering is the key to this lucious sauce :) and hearty meatballs take it over the top. Made with lots of love and patience it'll be one of your family's favorites for sure!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
