URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63353640/greek-diner-meat-and-spinach-pot-pie/
Title:
Greek Diner Meat and Spinach Pot Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Filling:
1 tablespoon EVOO
2 pounds ground lamb, beef or chicken
3 tablespoons butter
1 tablespoon lemon zest
1 1/2 teaspoons dried Greek oregano or marjoram, half a palmful
4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced or chopped
2 medium onion, chopped
Salt and freshly ground black pepper
1/2 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves and dill combined, finely chopped
2 round tablespoons flour
About 2 1/2 cups chicken stock
Juice of 1/2 lemon
One 10-ounce package organic chopped frozen spinach, wrung dry in kitchen towel
1 cup feta crumbles
Puff Pastry Topper:
1 sheet puff pastry
Flour, for rolling
1 egg, lightly beaten with splash of water

Directions:
For the filling:
Heat the EVOO in a Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add the meat, brown and crumble. Remove the meat and drain off the fat. Melt the butter in the same pot and add the zest, oregano, garlic, onions and some salt and pepper. Cook to tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Then add the fresh herbs, stir. Add the flour, stir a minute or so and then whisk in the stock. Cook to thicken a little. Add the meat back in along with the lemon juice and spinach. Combine. Turn off the heat, cool and store for a make-ahead meal. Reheat over medium heat until hot. Stir in the feta crumbles just before serving.
For the puff pastry topper:
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Flour a work surface and lightly roll out the puff pastry. Cut the size and shape of 1 large casserole or up to 6 individual bowls or large ramekins, using sharp paring knife. Place the dough on a nonstick baking sheet and wash with egg. Bake until evenly puffed and deep golden brown in color.
Serve the hot filling in a casserole dish or individual bowls topped with the pastry.

Submitter: 
Ursula Blakely
Description: 
Rachael Ray
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
