URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63350589/le-quiche-with-spinach-and-mushrooms/
Title:
le quiche with spinach and mushrooms Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/890908.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tbsp olive oil
1 medium size onion, chopped
2 or 3 garlic cloves, minced
3 cups sliced mushrooms
2 cups fresh spinach leaves
2 medium tomatoes, thickly sliced
quiche crust
1.5 tbsp dijon mustard
6 eggs, room temperature
1 cup sour cream
salt and pepper

Directions:
Pre-heat the oven to 175°C (350°F) degrees.
Grease a deep pie tin, or baking dish and line it with your crust.
Poke holes with a fork all around the bottom.
Line the crust with aluminum foil, and cover with pastry weights, or dried beans or rice, then mark crust in your pre-heated oven for about 15 minutes. Remove the foil and weights, and bake uncovered for about 5 more minutes, or until starting to brown.
Remove from oven and let cool until you’re ready to fill it. While the crust is baking you can prepare the mushrooms and egg filling.
Sautee the onion in olive oil over medium heat until it starts browning, about 3 – 4 minutes.
Add the garlic and sautee for a couple minutes more.
Increase the heat to medium high, add the mushrooms and sprinkle generously with salt and pepper.
Stirring frequently, cook until most of the liquid is evaporated and mushrooms have halved in size, about 10 minutes.
Place in a strainer, and let drain and cool until you need them.
To make the egg filling, beat the eggs with the sour cream and salt and pepper with a whisk until completely combined, about a minute.
Spread the dijon mustard on the bottom of the pre-cooked dough.
Add the drained mushrooms and spread evenly around the bottom.
Add the fresh spinach pushing it down slightly to pack it tighter.
Pour the egg mixture over the spinach, making sure to cover it all.
Pat the tomato slices with a paper towel, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and arrange on top of the quiche, pushing down slightly to make sure the egg covers them partly.
Bake the quiche in the oven for about 30 – 40 minutes, or until puffed up and set.

Submitter: 
comfortablefood.com
Description: 
Quiche is one of my favorite things to make, it’s so easy, and made well it can be outstandingly delicious.

I adapted my quiche base from Madame Quiche’s recipe, and it works for basically any type of quiche you want to make.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
