URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63350101/black-n-pinto-bean-veggie-lasagna/
Title:
Black N Pinto Bean Veggie Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/890658.jpg
Ingredients:
3/4-cup (79g) pictsweet seasoning blend (It's in the freezer section)
2-Tablespoons minced garlic
1-30 oz can Teasdale pinto beans drained and rinsed
1-29 oz can Teasdale Black Beans drained and rinsed
36-Vlasic Jalapeno slices
300 ml- Pace Picante Sauce
1-Large Baking Potato approx 400g thinly sliced raw with peel
2-Medium Tomatoes approx 360g sliced raw with peel
1-Large Zucchini approx 375g sliced raw with peel
1-Cup (226g) Low Fat Cottage Cheese
1-Cup finely shredded fiesta blend cheese

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly Coat 9" X 13"    baking dish with cooking spray
2. Wash the potato, tomato, and the zucchini and then thinly slice each one, cutting each slice of the tomato in half
3. Saute the Pictsweet seasoning blend and the two tablespoons of garlic, and then lightly coat the bottom of the baking dish with the mixture. Place about 6 of the jalapeno rings in various locations
4. Open and pour both cans of beans into a strainer and rinse, then pour them into a large mixing bowl. Pour the Pace Picante sauce into the beans and toss 24 jalapeno rings into the mix and then stir the mix together.
5. Starting with a layer of the vegetables layer generously, only has to cover the dish twice and a few pieces for decoration on top. Then approximately half of the beans and salsa mixture spread across the layer of vegetables, then 1/2 cup cottage cheese spread sparingly across, then repeat with vegetables and bean mixture one more time using the last of the cottage cheese, use the remaining vegetables and any remaining bean mix as decoration for the top and the last 6 jalapenos as well. Top with cheese
6. Cover with foil and place into preheated oven for 60 minutes, and then remove foil and bake an additional 30 minutes.

Submitter: 
Val's Mom
Description: 
I saw a picture of a veggie bake and this is what my mind turned it into for me. I told my roommate I was making a vegetarian lasagna and he said go ahead, I can make my own chicken patty! Guess who loved the vegetarian lasagna. It is such a low calorie dish that you almost have to have bread and salad to go with it just to bulk up the calories, could add just about any meat I imagine to make it non-vegetarian. I wasn't aiming vegetarian when it started out it just happened.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
