URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63356119/stuffed-chicken-with-roasted-broccoli-and-sweet-potatoes/
Title:
Stuffed Chicken with Roasted Broccoli and Sweet Potatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 hamburger buns, cut into 1-inch pieces
3 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil
1/2 medium red onion, diced small
2 celery stalks, diced small
2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced
Coarse salt and ground pepper
1 large egg, lightly beaten
1 bunch broccoli (1 pound), cut into florets
1 sweet potato, cut into 1-inch wedges
1 lemon, quartered
1 whole chicken (3 1/2 to 4 pounds), patted dry

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425 degrees. On a rimmed baking sheet, arrange bun pieces in a single layer. Bake until dry and light golden, about 5 minutes; transfer to a medium bowl and let cool. Meanwhile, in a medium skillet, heat 1 teaspoon oil over medium. Add onion, celery, and garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are softened, about 8 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and transfer to bowl with bread. Add egg and 2 tablespoons water and toss to combine.
On rimmed baking sheet, season chicken inside and out with salt and pepper. Loosely fill cavity with stuffing and tie legs together with kitchen twine. Roast chicken 25 minutes. In a large bowl, toss broccoli and sweet potatoes with 2 teaspoons oil; season with salt and pepper.
Remove sheet from oven and place vegetables and lemon around chicken. Roast 30 minutes, turning vegetables halfway through, until chicken is golden brown and juices run clear when chicken is pierced between breast and thigh (an instant-read thermometer inserted in the thickest part of a thigh, avoiding bone, should read 165 degrees). Let chicken rest 10 minutes; scoop out stuffing and carve bird. Refrigerate 1 cup broccoli for another use. Serve chicken with stuffing, lemon, and remaining vegetables.

Submitter: 
Pam English
Description: 
Looks yummy and fast.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
