URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63353620/fleur-de-sel-caramels-caramel-candy-adapted-from-barefoot-contessa-cookbook/
Title:
Fleur de Sel Caramels (Caramel candy) (adapted from Barefoot Contessa cookbook) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
* Vegetable oil (I used Olive oil)
* 1½ cups sugar
* ¼ cup light corn syrup
* 1 cup heavy cream
* 5 tablespoons unsalted butter
* 1 teaspoon fine fleur de sel (sea salt), plus extra for sprinkling
* ½ teaspoon pure vanilla extract

Directions:
Line a square baking pan with baking paper, then brush the paper lightly with oil, allowing the paper to drape over the sides.
In a deep saucepan, combine ¼ cup water, the sugar, the corn syrup and bring them to a boil over medium-high heat. Boil until the mixture is warm golden brown. Don’t stir - just swirl the pan to mix. In the meantime, in a small pan, bring the cream, butter, and 1 teaspoon of sea salt to a simmer over medium heat. Turn off the heat and set aside.
When the sugar mixture* is warm golden colour, turn off the heat and slowly add the cream mixture to the sugar mixture. Be careful - it will bubble up, but that is ok. Stir in the vanilla with a wooden spoon and cook over medium-low heat for about 10 minutes (or until the mixture reaches 248 degrees). Carefully pour the caramel into the prepared pan and refrigerate over night or until firm.
When the caramel is cold, remove the sheet from the pan onto a cutting board. Cut the sheet in half. Starting with a long side, roll one piece of the caramel tightly into a long log. Repeat with the second piece. Sprinkle both logs with fleur de sel (if you wish, but you don’t have to), trim the ends, and cut each log in 8- 10 pieces. Cut the baking paper into square pieces and wrap each caramel individually, twisting the ends. Store in the refrigerator and serve the caramels chilled.

Submitter: 
Caroline Ashwood
Description: 
yum
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
