URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63365201/pecan-crusted-salmon-with-sauce-gribiche/
Title:
Pecan-crusted salmon with sauce gribiche Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the topping:
3/4 cup whole pecans
1 teaspoon minced garlic
3/4 teaspoon salt
3/4 teaspoon dried dill
3 tablespoons salted butter, melted
For the salmon:
1 (2-pound) boneless skinless salmon fillet
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 recipe Sauce Gribiche
For the sauce:
2 tablespoons minced shallots
1 1/2 teaspoons mined garlic
2 tablespoons capers
1 1/2 teaspoons Dijon mustard
1 1/2 teaspoons lemon juice
2 tablespoons red wine vinegar
2 hard-boiled eggs
1/4 teaspoon dried tarragon
2 teaspoons chopped parsley
1 teaspoon chopped chives
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon cracked black pepper
1/8 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/4 cup olive oil
1/4 cup vegetable oil

Directions:
Preparation
For the salmon:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Combine the pecans, garlic, salt, dill and melted butter in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a metal blade and process them until they resemble coarse crumbs.
Season the salmon on both sides with the salt and black pepper. Spread the pecan mixture evenly on top of the seasoned salmon fillet and place the salmon on a large baking sheet. Bake it for 10 to 11 minutes, until it is cooked through but still rare, and then serve it hot with sauce gribiche.
For the sauce:
NOTE: This sauce must be made the day before you serve it. Don't even taste it until after you have let it sit covered in the refrigerator for at least 24 hours.
In the bowl of a food processor fitted with a metal blade, combine the shallots, garlic, capers, Dijon mustard, lemon juice, red wine vinegar, hard-boiled eggs, tarragon, parsley, chives, salt and the cracked and ground black pepper.
Process these ingredients until the mixture is thick and fully pureed, about 2 to 3 minutes.
While the processor is still running, add the oil slowly in a steady stream, through the feed tube of the processor, making sure that the oil is incorporated fully. The sauce should be almost like a vinaigrette in its consistency, luxurious and fully emulsified.
Serving Size
Serves 8 to 10 peop

Submitter: 
Joyce
Description: 
Found on the following website:
www.klgandhoda.com
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
24n hrs for sauce
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
