URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63360845/basic-cake-balls-and-cake-pops/
Title:
Basic Cake Balls and Cake Pops Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/895169.jpg
Ingredients:
18.25 oz. box cake mix
9 x 13 cake pan
Large mixing bowl
16 oz. container ready-made frosting
Large metal spoon
Wax paper
2 baking sheets
Plastic wrap
32 oz (2 lbs) candy coating
Deep, microwave-safe plastic bowl
Toothpicks
Resealable plastic bag or squeeze bottle

Directions:
Bake the cake as directed on the box, using a 9 x 13 cake pan. Let cool completely.
Plan for over an hour of work.
Crumble the cooled cake into a large mixing bowl. You should not see any large pieces of cake.
Add 3/4 of the container of frosting. Mix it into the crumbled cake, using the back of a large metal spoon, until thoroughly combined. If you use the entire container, the cake balls will be too moist.
The mixture should be moist enough to roll into 1 1/2 inch balls and still hold a round shape. After rolling the cake balls by hand, place them on a wax paper-covered baking sheet.
Cover with plastic wrap and chill for several hours in the refrigerator, or place in the freezer for about 15 minutes. You want the balls to be firm but not frozen.
Place the candy coating in a deep, microwave-safe plastic bowl. These bowls make it easier to cover the cake balls completely with candy coating while holding the bowl without burning your fingers (may be easiest to work with 16 oz. at a time).
Melt the candy coating, microwaving for 30 seconds at  a time, stirring with a spoon in between. You can also use a double boiler.
Take a few balls at a time out of the fridge to work with. If they're in the freezer, transfer the rest of the balls to the fridge, so they are firm but not frozen.
One at a time, dip about 1/2 inch of the tip of the lollipop stick into the melted candy coating, and then insert the lollipop stick straight into a cake ball, pushing it no more than halfway through.
Holding the lollipop stick with cake ball attached, dip the entire cake ball into the melted candy coating until it is completely covered, and remove it in one motion. Try not to submerge more than once.
Hold the cake pop in one hand and use the other hand to gently tap the first wrist.

Submitter: 
The Wallace Clan
Description: 
A fun change for parties and special occasions.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
