URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63365570/easy-shepherds-pie/
Title:
Easy Shepherd's Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/897110.jpg
Ingredients:
- 1 lb ground beef (or turkey, lamb, leftover roast)
- 1-2 cups fresh veggies (diced carrots, corn, peas)...I just use carrots and sometimes peas
- 1 cup beef broth
- 1 teaspoon (or to taste) Worcestershire sauce
- 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
- Salt, pepper, other seasonings of choice
- 1 packet brown gravy mix (can substitute cornstarch) to thicken beef base
- 2 lbs potatoes
- 1/3 cup milk
- Butter
- 1/4 Shredded cheddar (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
Peel & quarter potatoes, boil in salted water until tender (about 20 min)
Brown ground meat in skillet until just brown. Drain & return to medium heat. Add onions & carrots and cook until onions start to turn clear.
Add beef broth, gravy mix (or cornstarch) cinnamon, salt, pepper and any other seasonings of choice, and bring to boil over medium high heat.
Lower heat and simmer for about 5-10 minutes.
Drain potatoes and mash in bowl with milk, butter, salt and pepper to taste. Set aside.
Transfer meat to a LARGE pie pan or medium casserole dish and spread evenly.
Distribute mashed potatoes evenly on top and smooth out nicely. Add cheese on top if desired.
Cook uncovered in the middle of the oven @ 400 for 30 minutes. Set on broil for the last couple minutes to brown the top nicely.
Let set for about 10 minutes. It doesn't really matter though as the gravy is usually pretty well set right out of the oven...most times :)

Submitter: 
Mark Bender
Description: 
This is a very easy, kid & family friendly recipe.  You will get just about everyone to eat some onions & carrots with this meal.  The secret ingredient that makes the dish so irresistible is the slight amount of cinnamon.  It can be omitted, but you really cannot tell it is there.  Most will just wonder how you created such an amazing, aromatic, heavenly Shepherd's Pie. 

Don't worry...it'll be our secret!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
