URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63379065/green-tomato-relish-by-memom/
Title:
"Green Tomato Relish" by MeMom Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5742875.jpg
Ingredients:
5  Lbs. Green Tomatoes
5  Lbs. Sweet Onions
2  Large Heads Cabbage
3  Jalapeno Hot Peppers
3  Pods Hot Peppers (Habinaro) if you prefer hot
(either green, yellow or orange)
Use whatever kinds of peppers you have or prefer
3  Green Bell Peppers
3  Red Bell Peppers
3  Orange Bell Peppers
10 Cups Apple Cider Vinegar
8  Cups Granulated Sugar
2  T. Tumeric
2  T. Celery Seed
1  t. Prepared Mustard
1  t. Allspice
2  T. Pickling Spice
3  T. Mustard Seeds
1/2 Cup Pickling Salt

Directions:
Prepare Canning Jars, make sure clean...have new seals.  You can reuse bands if not rusted.
Chop all vegetables coarse, not fine, in food processor. I use a big wash tub to mix all together I bought at Dollar General Store. It was cheap, light weight plastic and has handles.  When you start to mix, I use my hands, it is the best way. I wear gloves, because the hot peppers will burn your hands. I chop all of one vegeatable, then go to the next.  Don't over fill your food processor each time or it will process too long & the vegetables will be too fine.
When all vegetables are chopped & mixed well, pour 1/2 cup pickling salt over and let set over night.
Next day, drain off all liquid & set vegetables aside. In a large heavy duty pot bring your vinegar, sugar & all spices to a boil. Drop vegetables in & boil for 10 minutes.
Pack your canning jars. I keep my cold packer full of hot boiling water and drop my canning jars in right before I fill them with the hot mixture.  Fill to 1/2 inch to top rim of jar. Run a case knife down around inside of each jar to release all air bubbles. Add more mixture if needed at this point. Wipe each jar rim with wet rag before putting lid on and sealing tightly. I use a rubber jar opener to seal tightly. Then I turn my jars upside down for 30 minutes to get a good seal.
After several hours, press down on your lid to see if jar sealed.  If, by any chance you ever have a canning jar that did not get a good seal, just pop it in the refrigerator & eat it first.

Submitter: 
GA Hole In 1 GAL
Description: 
Just made it again
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 hrs
Ready in:
3 weeks
Number of servings: 
100
Nutritional Facts:
NA
