URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63378982/derralds-tex-mex-chili/
Title:
Derralds Tex Mex chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/4 cup rendered bacon fat or olive oil
2 large yellow onions, peeled and coarsely chopped (about 4 cups)
8 medium garlic cloves, peeled and minced
8 fresh jalapeño, stemmed and minced
1 1/2 lb. chili-grind beef
1 1/2 lb. well-marbled beef chuck, trimmed of most external fat and cut into 1/2-inch cubes
2 teaspoons salt
5 Tablespoons mild, unseasoned chili powder
2 Tablespoons ground cumin, from toasted seeds
2 Tablespoons dried oregano (preferably Mexican)
2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, or to taste
1 can (28 ounce) Italian plum tomatoes, crushed and well drained
4 cups beef stock or canned beef broth
2 cans (16 ounce each) dark red kidne beans, rinsed and drained

Directions:
Warm the bacon fat in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions, garlic, and jalapeños, lower the heat slightly, and cook, stirring once or twice, until very tender (about 20 minutes).
Meanwhile, set a 5-quart heavy flameproof casserole or Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the chili-grind beef and cubed chuck, season with salt, and cook uncovered, stirring often, until the meat is evenly crumbled and has lost all pink color (about 20 minutes).
Scrape the onion mixture into the casserole with the beef. Stir in the chili powder, cumin, oregano, and cayenne pepper and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes and beef stock and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer uncovered, stirring occasionally, for 1 1/2 hours.
Taste, correct the seasoning, and continue to simmer, stirring often, for another 30 minutes, or until the meat is tender and the chili is reduced to your liking. Stir in the kidney beans and simmer for another 5 minutes.
9 hours ago · Like

Submitter: 
George. P. Cooper
Description: 
nice and hot but doesn't kill you
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
