URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63377051/northern-italian-cauliflower-gratin/
Title:
Northern Italian Cauliflower Gratin Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 large head of cauliflower broken into peices
Sauce:
2 Tbs butter
3 Tbs flour
2 large garlic cloves minced
2 1/2 cups milk
1 cup heavy or whipping cream
1/4 tsp salt
pinch nutmeg
pinch white pepper
1/2 cup grated Parmesan
2 oz. grated Fontina or Asiago cheese

Directions:
Begin by steaming cauliflower in a pasta cooker or similar steaming vessel for two to three minutes until very al dente (not cooked completely through).
Blanch the hot cauliflower pieces in ice water and allow to drain well before making casserole.
While cauliflower is steaming you can begin the sauce by melting butter in a sauce pot on a low heat and adding garlic until fragrant and soft.  Add flour to this and with a whisk, stir well to avoid browning.
After a minute or two, add milk and cream.  Bring this mixture to a low simmer at a higher heat, but continue to whisk regularly to avoid scorching on the bottom.  When it begins to boil, keep a close eye on it for the final 5 minutes of cooking.
Add cheese and seasonings to this mixture, cook for one minute more, whisking vigorously to completely melt cheese into the sauce.  Remove from heat after this and set aside for the casserole assembly.
In a casserole dish, layer a cup of sauce on the bottom, then arrange cauliflower on top.  Drizzle remaining sauce over the cauliflower, coating each piece.
Bake at 350 degrees for 10 minutes more or until bubbling and/or lightly browned on top.  Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Karen Barris Calabro
Description: 
Served Bubbling hot in a savory garlic and cheesey cream sauce, this side dish can take the center stage if paired with a risotto or semolina gnocchi. In the Autumn, this dish makes a regular appearance at our dinner table as we harvest it straight from the garden.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 m
Ready in:
30
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
