URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63378331/italian-fig-cookies/
Title:
Italian Fig Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/939634.jpg
Ingredients:
FIG COOKIE FILLING:
4 fig rounds; rounds are typically 14oz a piece
1 8oz package of pitted dates
1 cup chopped walnuts
1 1/2 cups of raisins
Zest from 3 large oranges
2 heaping teaspoons cinnamon
1/2 heaping teaspoon of ground clove
3/4 cup granulated sugar
2 sticks of soft margarine (I use Parkay)
FIG COOKIE DOUGH:
7 level cups of all purpose flour
3 heaping tablespoons baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 stick regular Crisco
1 stick margarine
2 cups granulated sugar
5 eggs
Zest of 1 large orange
1/4 cup orange juice
1/4 cup whole milk
1 teaspoon vanilla
FROSTING;
3-4 cups powdered sugar
1/4- 1/2 cup of milk
small amount of orange juice

Directions:
Remove stems from figs.  I simply cut the stems using a pair of kitchen scissors.
Grind the figs, dates, raisins and walnuts together using either a hand-held grinder or a food processor.  I use an old fashioned hand held grinder.
Add orange zest to mixture.
Using your hands, blend in cinnamon, clove, sugar and margarine. Add nuts.  This is the fig mixture that you will use to put inside your fig cookie.  It can be made ahead of time and placed in frig.
COOKIE DOUGH:
Mix flour, baking powder, salt and sugar together.  Add in orange zest. Blend in both Crisco and margarine using your hands. Dough will be crumbly.  In a seperate bowl, using an electric blender, blend together eggs and vanilla until foamy.
Add this mixture along with milk and orange juice to the flour/sugar/crisco mixture.  Knead dough with hands until thourougly mixed.  This dough is thick and you will need to put some umph into your kneading. Dough should not be sticky and should not stick to your hands.  If dough is sticky add a little flour.
Roll dough out into sheets approximately the same thickness as when you are making a pie. With pizza cutter cut into sheets (apprx. 24" X 3"). Roll the fig filling into logs about the thickness of your ring finger and about a foot long. Place the fig log on top of the dough.  Roll dough around filling; encasing the filling in dough.  Cut diagonally into cookie size.  Put two or three deep diagonal slits in top of cookie dough.  Bake on ungreased sheets at 350 for 12-14 minutes. Cool completely; frost.
FROSTING:
Mix powdered sugar and milk to form thick consistency.  Add small amount of orange juice for taste. Dip cooled cookie upside down into bowl of frosting.  Place cookie right side up on cooling rack.

Submitter: 
LMV5853
Description: 
These traditional cookies are delicious but a lot of work.  I make them once a year at Christmas and never have enough.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2-3 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
120
Nutritional Facts:
NA
