URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63378272/italian-chocolate-cookies/
Title:
Italian Chocolate Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/939644.jpg
Ingredients:
7 level cups all purpose flour
3 heaping tablespoons baking powder
1 tsp salt
1 heaping teaspoon cinnamon
1 heaping teaspoon clove
1 heaping teaspoon allspice
3/4 heaping cup of hersheys cocoa
2 cups granulated sugar
1 stick of regular Crisco
1 stick of margarine ( I use Parkay)
1/2 cup chopped walnuts
5 eggs
Zest from one large orange
1/4 cup orange juice
1/4 cup whole milk
4 oz (half a stick) cream cheese
FROSTING:
3-4 cups Powdered Sugar
1/4-1/2 cup whole milk
small amount of orange juice

Directions:
Mix together flour, baking powder, salt, sugar, spices and cocoa.  Add in orange zest.
Using your hands, blend in both the crisco and margarine until the mixture is crumbly.
In a seperate bowl, beat eggs and vaniilla with an electic blender until foamy.
Add this mixture to the flour/sugar mixture.
Add milk and orange juice.  Using your hands, knead together.  This dough is thick and you will need to really put some umph into your kneadjng.  I have tried using electric blenders but this dough is too heavy and too thick for anything that I own.  Once the dough is completely kneaded it will be thick and will not stick to your hands.  Add in cream cheese.  Again, knead with hands until all cream cheese is mixed in and you cant tell its there.  Knead walnuts into dough.
Roll dough into small round balls about the size of a swedish meatball.  Bake at 350 degrees on an ungreased cookie sheet for 12-14 minutes.  Let stand and cool completely on a drying rack before frosting.
Make frosting.  In a small bowl using an electric blender add in powdered sugar and a small amount of milk and orange juice.  Mix together.  This frositng should be thick.  It should drizzle off a spoon held up in the air slowly.  Add milk to get the right consistency.  I also use a little bit of orange juice.  If the frosting is too thin, much of it will drizzle off the cookie.  If this happens, you can go back and refrost after the first frosting dries.
Turn individual cookie upside down and dip into frosting bowl covering the top of the cookie.  Turn cookie right side up and place on drying rack.  A good amount of frosting will drip off the cookie even when the consistency is correct.  Let dry overnight.

Submitter: 
LMV5853
Description: 
I make these cookies each year at Christmas.  They are a favorite of family and friends.  This recipe makes approximately 120 cookies.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30-45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
120
Nutritional Facts:
NA
