URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63386105/classic-caesar-salad/
Title:
Classic Caesar Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the Croutons
2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted
1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil
1 loaf rustic Italian bread (8 to 10 ounces), crusts removed, cut into 1/4-inch cubes
2 teaspoons salt
1/4 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
For the Salad
2 garlic cloves
4 anchovy fillets
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice
1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard
1 large egg yolk
1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil
20 ounces romaine lettuce, outer leaves discarded, inner leaves washed and dried
1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese or Romano cheese, or 2 1/2 ounces shaved with a vegetable peeler

Directions:
Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Combine the butter and olive oil in a large bowl. Add the cubes of bread, and toss until coated. Sprinkle with salt, cayenne pepper, and black pepper; toss until evenly coated. Spread the bread in a single layer on a 12-by-17-inch baking sheet. Bake until croutons are golden, about 10 minutes. Set aside.
2. Place the garlic, anchovy fillets, and salt in a wooden salad bowl. Using two dinner forks, mash the garlic and anchovies into a paste. Using one fork, whisk in the pepper, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, mustard, and egg yolk. Whisk in the olive oil.
3. Chop the romaine leaves into 1- to 1 1/2-inch pieces. Add the croutons, romaine, and cheese to the bowl, and toss well. If you wish, grate extra cheese over the top. Serve immediately.
Note: Raw eggs should not be used in food prepared for pregnant women, babies, young children, or anyone whose health is compromised.
Cook's Note
If you prefer not to use the raw yolk in this recipe, substitute 1 tablespoon store-bought mayonnaise.

Submitter: 
Pam English
Description: 
I absolutely love this recipe
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
