URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63383762/stuffed-grape-leaves-w-olive-oil/
Title:
Stuffed Grape Leaves w/ Olive Oil Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/906714.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound grape leaves
4 onions, 4 cups thinly sliced
1 cup olive oil
1 cup short grain rice
3/4 cup pine nuts, or broken slivered almonds
2 teaspoons tomato paste
2 teaspoons currants, or raisins, (optional)
2 cups minced parsley
1 teaspoon dried mint
1 teaspoon sugar
1 teaspoon dried dill weed
6 tablespoons lemon juice
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon black pepper
1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper
3 cups water

Directions:
Rinse grape leaves in running hot water and remove the stems.  Set aside.
To prepare the filling, in a heavy skillet, saute the onions in the olive oil for about 15 minutes.  Stir in the rice and cook 10 minutes longer.  Add all of the remaining ingredients EXCEPT the grape leaves and water.
Place about 1 tablespoon of filling along the stem end of each leaf. Fold over the sides, and roll from the stem up to form a sausage-like roll.
Cover the bottom of the pan with leaves to prevent burning when cooking.  Arrange the stuffed leaves side by side, seam side down, in the pan, layer by layer.  Put some leaves on the top layer.  Place a heavy plate over the top to keep the grape leaves in place while cooking.
Pour in the 3 cups water.  Bring to a boil over high heat.  Reduce to low.  Taste the cooking liquid for salt.  Add more if necessary.  Cook about 30 minutes or until done.  Drain any remaining liquid, but keep the plate in place until the rolls are cool to prevent discoloration and hardening of the leaves.
Serve cold, garnished with lemon slices.  This dish can be made the day before, covered,  and refrigerated.

Submitter: 
Jennifer Hanson
Description: 
These take a while to put together, but SO worth the effort!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
60
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
30
Nutritional Facts:
NA
