URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63382008/mini-tacos/
Title:
Mini Tacos Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb ground beef
1 small onion
1 package of taco seasoning mix
1/2 cup of cheese, Mexican blend or cheddar
1/2 cup of cooked quinoa
12 corn tortillas
2 Tbsp vegetable oil
(optional) 1 mini muffin cup worth of pureed spinach and sweet peas - To make this in advance, cook 2 cups of spinach, cool and puree well. Add 1 cup of sweet peas and puree again.  Freeze in mini muffin cups.

Directions:
1. Start quinoa or rice in rice cooker.
2.Brown ground beef with onions.  Drain, add taco seasoning and 2/3 c water.
3. Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
4. Bring meat to a boil, then simmer until most of the moisture is absorbed.
5. If you want to, add 1/4 cup or less of pureed spinach and sweet peas at this point.  Start with a small amount to make sure it doesn't look to dark and "weird" or the kids won't eat it.
6. Put meat mixture into a food processor and pulse briefly (just enough to chop the ground beef into small, even pieces.  My kids seem to tolerate this texture better.  It's more like a fast food restaurant would serve.)
7. Lightly brush one side of a corn tortilla then turn it over and fill the other side with a large spoonful of taco meat, 2 tsp of cheese (to taste) and quinoa/rice.  Fold it in half and place it on a cookie sheet.  (I used a wire grid sitting on top of a cookie sheet to get maximum air flow and crispness)
8. Repeat with remaining corn tortillas.
9. Back for 11-15 minutes or until the tortillas are crisp and just starting to darken.
10. Cool slightly and serve with your favorite taco sauce, guacamole, salsa or ranch.

Submitter: 
Lea Nerby
Description: 
Corn tortillas filled with taco meat, cheese, and quinoa with extra healthy ingredients hiding inside, then baked to a crispy finish.  Both kids ate them and even asked for more!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25
Ready in:
40
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
