URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63384294/pumpkin-swirl-brownies/
Title:
pumpkin swirl brownies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/906984.jpg
Ingredients:
for the pumpkin cream cheese:
3 ½ ounces (100 grams) cream cheese, softened
1 tbsp butter, softened
½ cup sugar
1 egg
1½ cup canned pumpkin or fresh pumpkin, pureed smooth
1 tsp vanilla
3 tbsp maple syrup
1 tsp ground cinnamon
½ tsp ground ginger
2 tbsp all-purpose flour
for the brownies:
? cup good quality cocoa powder
½ tsp instant espresso
½ cup plus 2 tbsp boiling water
2 ounces (60 grams) unsweetened chocolate, finely chopped
4 tbsp (115 grams) unsalted butter, melted
½ cup plus 2 tbsp vegetable oil
2 large eggs
2 large egg yolks
2 tsp vanilla extract
1½ cups sugar
1¾ cups all-purpose flour
1 tsp salt
6 ounces (170 grams) bittersweet chocolate, cut into ½-inch pieces

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325 F (160 C).
Grease a large baking pan, line the bottom with aluminum foil - leaving about a 1 inch overhang on all sides, then grease the foil.
In a medium mixing bowl, beat the cream cheese and butter on high speed for about 30 seconds, until well combined, then add the sugar and beat well.
Beat in the egg, the pumpkin puree, vanilla, syrup, cinnamon, nutmeg and ginger and combine, then stir in the flour and set aside.
Whisk together the cocoa, espresso powder and boiling water until smooth.
Add the unsweetened chocolate pieces, and whisk until melted, then whisk in the butter and the oil.
Add the eggs, yolks, and vanilla and whisk until mixture blends and comes together, then mix in the sugar.
Stir in the flour and the salt, and fold in the chocolate pieces.
Spread the chocolate mixture on top of the aluminum foil in the pan and spoon the cream cheese mixture in several mounds on top of the chocolate batter.
Using a kitchen knife, gently swirl the cream cheese mixture into the chocolate batter.
Bake for almost an hour, or until center is very set, and an inserted toothpick comes out clean.
Cool the brownies in their pan on a wire rack then use foil to lift uncut brownies out of pan, and slice.

Submitter: 
comfortablefood.com
Description: 
I wanted to make some kind of sweet pumpkin dessert, so I went searching on-line and found several different pumpkin/chocolate combinations.

I decided on pumpkin brownies – I had never had that combination before, and it turns out it’s delicious.

These brownies are very dense and rich and sweet, so be warned.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
