URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63386095/andrews-new-carrot-and-shrimp-soup/
Title:
Andrew's New Carrot and Shrimp Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 bunches (about 1 pound each) new carrots, trimmed and peeled (or 1 bunch new carrots and 1 cup carrot juice)
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
3 medium shallots, peeled and sliced
1 half-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and sliced
1 clove garlic, sliced
1 teaspoon Madras curry powder
Fine sea salt and freshly ground white pepper
2 cups Homemade Chicken Stock Homemade Chicken Stock, or low-sodium canned
6 ounces unsweetened coconut milk
4 large shrimp, peeled and deveined and cut crosswise into thirds
Fresh cilantro leaves, thinly sliced, for garnish

Directions:
Cut one bunch of carrots crosswise into thin slices. Juice the second bunch to yield 1 cup juice; set aside.
2. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add shallots, and cook until tender and translucent but not brown, about 10 minutes. Stir in carrots, ginger, garlic, and curry powder. Season with salt and pepper. Cook for 3 minutes more. Stir in chicken stock and coconut milk, and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook until carrots are tender, about 15 minutes.
3. Working in several batches, transfer soup to the jar of a blender along with carrot juice, being careful not to fill more than halfway; cover lid with a kitchen towel, as hot liquid will expand when blended. Puree until smooth. Pass through a fine-mesh sieve into a clean saucepan. Place over medium heat to keep warm.
4. Meanwhile, heat remaining tablespoon oil in a medium skillet. Add shrimp, season with salt and pepper, and cook, just until opaque, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Remove from pan.
5. Arrange three shrimp pieces in each of four soup bowls. Ladle soup around shrimp. Garnish with cilantro. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Pam English
Description: 
I want to try this recipe.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1 h, 10 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
