URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63386930/vanilla-cream-or-sauce/
Title:
Vanilla cream or sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2.5 cups milk, divided into 2 cups and 1/2 cup
2 TBSPS cornstarch for a creamy result; only 1 TBSP cornstarch for a saucier consistency
1/3 cup sugar
2 egg yolks
1 tsp vanilla extract

Directions:
In a heavy medium saucepan, heat 2 cups whole milk just to a simmer on low/medium heat. It takes some patience but do not heat in on high. In a small bowl, pour the remaining 1/2 cup milk, and sprinkle the cornstarch on top. Whisk (by hand) to dissolve. Add the sugar and the egg yolks and whisk (by hand) until combined.
Pour the milk/sugar/yolks/starch combination slowly into the simmering hot milk, whisking gently as you go. Simmer the mixture on low for 3 minutes, stirring frequently, until thickened. Remove from heat, stir in the vanilla extract.
If you wanted to make the sauce but your mixture is too thick, just stir in some room temp milk or half and half, a little at a time until you have the consistency you like.
Press the mixture through a wire mesh sieve. This step makes a difference; you'll get a velvety smooth texture, removing any cornstarch lumps that like to emerge while cooling.
To cool, put a piece of saran wrap on the custard/sauce, making sure it touches completely; this will prevent a skin from forming. Let it cool about 20 mns on the counter and then put it in the fridge. Serve chilled over warm or cool desserts, or just eat it on its own as a custard.

Submitter: 
Northstar
Description: 
This is really delicious on its own, but I use it mainly to serve alongside brownies, bread pudding, apple pie, berries, or poached pears. You can either make this as a thicker cream, or as a sauce. I love it as a cream for berries, poached pears or brownies, and as a sauce over apple pie or bread pudding.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
15 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
