URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63383578/no-boil-gluten-free-lasagna/
Title:
No Boil Gluten Free Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 32 ounces spaghetti sauce
(I used one 24-ounce jar plus another 8oz from an open jar)
1 3/4 cups water
1 1/2 lbs lean ground beef
1 tablespoon butter
1-2 tablespoons olive oil
1/2 small onion, finely chopped (add more if you prefer)
3 cloves pressed or minced garlic
1 egg, lightly beaten
2 cups ricotta cheese
1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese
8 uncooked gluten free Tinkyada lasagna noodles
2 Cups shredded mozzarella cheese
1 tablespoon Italian seasoning

Directions:
Turn oven to 400 degrees, then spray a 9×13 glass dish with gluten free non-stick spray.  Have a box of foil at hand.
In a large saucepan, combine spaghetti sauce and water.  Turn burner to medium heat until the mixture bubbles, then turn down to low.  Allow the sauce to simmer while doing the next step.
In a large skillet brown the ground beef, drain and set aside.  Melt butter and add olive oil, then add chopped onion.  Cook for 3-4 minutes.  Add pressed (minced) garlic and cook another minute or until garlic becomes noticeably fragrant.  Immediately remove onions and garlic from heat and add to spaghetti sauce mixture.  Add ground beef, stir, and turn off the heat under the sauce.
In a medium bowl, combine egg, ricotta, and parmesan cheese.  Spread 2 cups of the spaghetti meat sauce mixture over the bottom of the dish.  Layer four uncooked lasagna noodles across the top (Tinkyada noodles are narrower than some wheat flour lasagna noodles).  Dot half of the egg cheese mixture on top of the lasagna noodles.
Layer with another 2 cups of the meat sauce, 4 more noodles, and the remaining egg cheese mixture.  Pour the remaining meat sauce over everything, being careful to moisten all the dry noodles.  Cover tightly with foil and bake at 400 degrees for 30-35 minutes.  Mix the shredded mozzarella and Italian seasoning while the lasagna bakes.
Remove the foil, and if the lasagna noodles are not quite soft, cover and put it back in for another 5-10 minutes.  When the noodles are soft, sprinkle the seasoned mozzarella over the top and broil (watch carefully!) for a few minutes until the cheese gets brown and bubbly.

Submitter: 
Nikki Paling
Description: 
Mmmmmmmm
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
about 20 m
Ready in:
15 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
