URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63381257/shredded-beef-chimichangas-t-style/
Title:
Shredded Beef Chimichangas (T Style) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 pounds boneless beef chuck roast, trimmed of fat
1/4 cup water
1 1/2 cups beef broth
3 tablespoons red wine vinegar
2 tablespoons chili powder
1 teaspoon ground cumin
4 (8 inch) flour tortilla
3 tablespoons butter, melted
1 cup salsa
1/2 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese
1/2 cup sour cream
1/2 tomato
1/2 onion
2 cloves garlic
Salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Place beef in a crock pot over hight heat. Pour in water (maybe try leaving this out? Not sure you really need it) and, In a medium bowl, combine beef broth, red wine vinegar, chili powder and cumin. Pour over beef.  Saute the onions in olive oil until softened and then add the garlic to them and cook for a minute or so. Add to the crock pot. Chop half a tomato and add that as well. After reaching a good heat, reduce to low and let cook all day (or night). Cook until meat is very tender, and pulls apart easily, about 8 or even more hours. Allow to cool, then shred and mix with pan juices.
Preheat oven to 500 degrees F (260 degrees C).
Brush both sides of each tortilla with melted butter. Spoon shredded beef filling down center of each tortilla, add a pinch of the shredded cheese. Fold ends over filling, then fold sides to center to make a packet. Place chimichangas, seam side down, in a 9- by 13-inch baking pan (grease this pan lightly or things can stick something fierce).
Bake in preheated oven for 12 minutes, or until golden brown. Serve with shredded cheese, sour cream and salsa.

Submitter: 
TANNEHILLS
Description: 
Usually deep fried, chimichangas can also be oven-fried with less mess, fuss, and fat. Use the filling in burritos as well. You may also deep fry, if desired.Modified from: Shredded Beef Chimichangas
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
12 m
Ready in:
8+ h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
