URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63385778/minute-muffin-mix/
Title:
Minute Muffin Mix Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 Cups garfava bean flour
1 Cup sorghum flour
4 Cups cornstarch
4 Cups tapioca flour
5 tsp baking soda
6 Tbsp baking powder
4 tsp salt
2 Tbsp egg replacer
1-1/3 Cups sugar
2 rounded Tbsp powdered vanilla  (if you can't find this, just add 1 tsp. liquid vanilla to the recipe
Variations:
Nut or fruit muffins:  Add 4 Tbsp raisins, nuts, mashed banana, kiwi, chopped dates, or fresh grated apple.
Lemon muffins:  Add 2 Tbsp lemon zest to the dry ingredients.  Use 3 Tbsp lemon juice as part of the liquid.
Lemon-Poppy Seed Muffins:  Add 1 tsp lemon zest and 4 tsp poppy seeds to the dry ingredients.
Blueberry Muffins:  Add 4 Tbsp fresh blueberries to the dry ingredients.
Almond-Banana Muffins:  Add 2 Tbsp almond meal to the dry ingredients.  Use water for the liquid and, after the mix is beaten, fold in 1 banana, chopped.
Apple-Spice Muffins:  Add 1-1/2 tsp apple pie spice to the dry ingredients.  Use apple juice for the liquid, and after mixing, fold in 2 Tbsp chopped fresh apple.
Apple-Pecan Muffins:  Add 4 Tbsp almond meal and 4 Tbsp chopped pecans to the dry ingredients.  Use apple juice for the liquid.

Directions:
Muffin Recipes Using Minute Muffin Mix -- makes 12 muffins
Basic Recipe:
2 Cups Minute Muffin Mix
2 eggs plus 2 whites or 2/3 cup liquid egg substitute (I usually just use 3 eggs)
4 Tbsp oil or melted butter or margarine
1 Cup buttermilk, milk, nondairy liquid, fruit juice, or carbonated drink
1 tsp vanilla if you didn't add powdered vanilla to the mix
Grease muffin tins or line with paper cups and spray lightly with vegetable oil spray.  Preheat oven to 375.
Place the muffin mix in a bowl.  In another bowl, beat together the eggs (or the liquid egg substitute), oil (or melted butter or margarine), and the liquid (and liquid vanilla, if using).
Pour the liquid mixture into the flour mixture and beat until smooth
Spoon into the prepared muffin tins and bake for 12-15 minutes.
The amount in the bowl above is a double batch of the basic recipe.  I wanted several different varieties so that I could freeze some, so I divided the above into four bowls (about 1-1/4 cups of batter in each), and then added the ingredients to each bowl for the first four variations below.  That way I ended up with 6 each of 4 different kinds of muffins!

Submitter: 
Pam English
Description: 
This gluten free recipe is wonderful to give my system a break from digesting gluten.  Just make up the mix in a large jar and then make any variety in a snap.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
