URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63387434/black-forest-cake/
Title:
Black Forest Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Cake:
1 c buttermilk
1 3/4 c cake flour
2 c sugar
3/4 c unsweetened Dutch processed cocoa powder
1 tsp baking powder
2 tsp baking soda
1/2 tsp salt
2 eggs
1/2 c vegetable oil
1 c strong brewed coffee
1 tsp vanilla
Cherry Filling:
2 - 14 ounce cans sweet dark cherries in heavy syrup
2 tablespoons Kirsch
1 tablespoon Amaretto
2 tablespoons corn starch
Syrup:
3/4 c water
1/2 c sugar
1 1/2 tablespoons Kirsch
1 tablespoon Amaretto
1/2 cup semi sweet chocolate chips (good quality)
1 pint (16 ounces) heavy whipping cream, well chilled
1 T fine sugar
1 t vanilla

Directions:
Make syrup by bringing water and sugar to boil. Remove from heat, stir in Kirsch and Amaretto; cool completely.
Make cherry filling by draining cherries reserving juice. Set cherries aside. Whisk together cornstarch, Kirsch and Amaretto; set aside. Heat juice in heavy sauce pan to boil. Reduce heat to simmer, whisk in the cornstarch mixture. Continue whisking over heat until thickened; remove from heat, mix in cherries. Set aside to cool completely.
While syrup and cherry filling is cooling prepare cake. Preheat oven to 350. Grease and flour 3-8 inch round cake pans. In bowl sift together the cake flour, sugar, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda and salt; set aside. In mixing bowl whisk eggs. Add vegetable oil and vanilla, whisking in well. Stir in coffee, then buttermilk. Gradually whisk in the flour mixture whisking well after each addition. Batter will be thin. Divide batter evenly between the 3 prepared cake pans. Bake for 25 to 35 minutes until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Allow to cool 15 minutes and remove from pans to cake rack. Cool cakes completely.
Whip heavy cream with sugar and vanilla until stiff peaks form. Place in refrigerator to chill.
In small microwave proof bowl melt chocolate chips on 50% power for 1 minute. Stir and heat again at 50 % power at 30 second intervals until melted and smooth. Set aside. Place 1 cake layer on cake plate. Using pastry brush brush top of cake layer with 1/3 of the syrup. Using 1/2 the chocolate gently spread a thin layer over cake layer. Spoon 1/2 the cherry filling evenly over chocolate. Spread 1/4 of the whipped cream over cherry filling. Place 2nd layer cake on top and repeat layers. Top with 3rd cake layer and brush top with remaining syrup. Frost top and sides of cake with whipped cream. Chill

Submitter: 
FunwithFood
Description: 
Traditional Black Forest Cake has cherry liquor in it, however, I wanted to kick it up a notch. My family loves my chocolate covered Amaretto cherries so I decided to add Amaretto to my version of this cake.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
60 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
