URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63383951/jasons-famous-seafood-stuffed-fish/
Title:
Jason's Famous Seafood Stuffed Fish Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Stuffing:
1/2 lb crab meat (lump)
1/2 lb shrimp, chopped
3 tbl spn mayonnaise
1 egg
1/2 cup chopped green onion (sweet yellow can be used)
1/2 cup chopped celery
1/2 cup chopped red, yellow, or orange bell pepper
2-3 cloves minced garlic
salt & pepper to taste
1-2 tbl spn worchestire sauce
1/2 tsp ground red pepper (can be omitted or reduced by half to taste)
wheat crackers, crumbled
Wash:
1 egg
1 tbl spn mayonnaise
2 tsp fresh-squeezed lemon juice
~8 fish fillets
1/4 cup chopped parsley
1 tsp paprika
Optional:
White wine, beer, or hard cider

Directions:
Heat the oven to 400 degrees.
Melt butter in small-medium sauté pan.
Sauté onion, celery, bell pepper, and garlic, seasoning with salt and pepper to taste.
When vegetables are softened, remove from heat and allow to cool slightly.
While vegetables are cooling, mix the mayo, egg, Worchester sauce, parsley, red pepper, and paprika in a medium mixing bowl.
Add vegetables to the mix, followed by the crab and shrimp, gently mixing until the stuffing starts binding together.  Add crumbled wheat crackers as needed to help bind the stuffing.
Butter a lipped baking pan or spray with cooking spray.  Feel free to line the pan with aluminum foil to speed up clean-up prior to preparing with butter or spray.
Place fish in pan, then pile on stuffing.  If using liquid, place pan in oven, then add liquid to fill the bottom of the pan.  Do not overfill - don't let the liquid touch the stuffing.
Bake for 15 minutes.  While the fish is baking, mix up the wash.
After 15 minutes, raise the oven temperature to 450 degrees, and liberally brush the stuffing with egg wash, and sprinkle with paprika and parsley.
Bake for an additional 6-8 minutes, checking to make sure the wash is set and the fish is nice and flaky.  Be careful not to slosh the hot liquid when moving the pan!

Submitter: 
Cori
Description: 
This is a family favorite!  Flakey, baked fish served with a delicious seafood stuffing.

Optionally, add white wine, beer, or hard cider to the pan before baking the stuffed fish.

Adjust items, like the kind of onion, and quantities of garlic and red pepper, to best suite your tastes.  The stuffing is also delicious without shrimp.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10-15 min
Ready in:
30-38 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
