URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63383754/baklava/
Title:
Baklava Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/906707.jpg
Ingredients:
4 cups walnut halves, (one pound)
1/2 cup sugar
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
1 teaspoon grated orange peel
1 teaspoon grated lemon peel
28 pieces filo, 8 1/2 x 12 1/2 about 3/4 lb.
1 1/4 cups butter or margarine, melted
HONEY ORANGE SYRUP
1 cup honey
3/4 cup granulated sugar
2/3 cup orange juice
1 stick cinnamon
1 tablespoon lemon juice

Directions:
FOR SYRUP: Combine honey, sugar, orange juice and cinnamon.  Heat to a full rolling boil, stirring until sugar dissolves.  Remove from heat and stir in lemon juice.  Cool throughly before spooning over the pastry.  Remove cinnamon stick when cold.
FOR BAKLAVA: Grind, grate or finely chop walnuts.  Mix walnuts with sugar, cinnamon, orange and lemon peels.
Cut filo to fit 9 x 13 inch pan.  Cover with plastic film or damp cloth while working to prevent drying.
Brush bottom of pan with melted butter.  Place one sheet of filo on pan and brush with butter.  Cover with second sheet and brush with butter.  Repeat, making a layer of five sheets for bottom of pastry.
Sprinkle with 3/4 cup walnut mixture, patting it to an even layer.
Cover with 3 sheets of filo, brushing each with butter.  Repeat layers until filling is used (should be about 7 layers of filling).
Top with 5 layers of filo, buttering each as before  With sharp knife or razor blade. carefully cut lengthwise through top layers of file, making 5 strips.  Make a second row of cuts on the diagonal, forming diamonds.  Bake above center of oven in preheated 325F oven for 1 hour or until golden brown.
Let Baklava stand about 10 minutes, then spoon the cold syrup over the hot Baklava.  Let stand over night to absorb syrup before serving.

Submitter: 
Jennifer Hanson
Description: 
From a newspaper clipping from childhood . . . best made when the syrup is made the night before and allowed to set up before baking the baklava.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
60
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
