URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63384772/chocolate-orange-cupcakes-with-pistachio-buttercream/
Title:
Chocolate-Orange Cupcakes with Pistachio Buttercream Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/907209.jpg
Ingredients:
FOR THE CAKE
1 1/2 cups all purpose flour, sifted
1 cup sugar
3 tablespoons cocoa
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup olive oil
2 tablespoons orange juice
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 cup cold water
1 tablespoon orange zest
FOR THE ICING
1 stick unsalted butter, softened
2/3 cup powdered confectioner's sugar, sifted
2 tablespoons pistachio instant pudding mix
2 tablespoons cold water
1 small bar of dark chocolate for garnish

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350°
Place the flour,sugar,cocoa,baking soda,and   salt in a large bowl or stand-mixer bowl.
On medium-low speed, beat in the olive oil, orange juice, vanilla extract, and water.
Beat for 2 minutes, add the orange zest until just blended.
Using a paper towel, wipe inside of muffin pan with shortening, dust with flour (skip this step if using cupcake liners or silicone pan)
Pour the batter into the pan, filling each cake ¾ full.
Bake for 20 minutes until cake is firm, and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean.
Let cool completely, at least 30 minutes.
Make the Icing
Place the butter in a mixing bowl and beat at medium speed until fluffy, about 1 minute. Slowly add the powdered sugar and beat on medium-high for 2 minutes. Add pudding mix. Add the water 1 tablespoon at a time until the desired consistency is reached. (add more sugar to thicken, more water for a thinner consistency.) Ice the cupcakes when they are cool. Garnish with grated chocolate.

Submitter: 
Pietime
Description: 
Easy,fool-proof cupcakes inspired by the colors of Halloween. I wrote this recipe for a food-writing class! The olive oil in the batter makes them moist, and instant pudding mix gives the buttercream a hint of pistachio.
Makes 1 dozen cupcakes
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min.
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
