URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63396999/pasta-with-tomato-sausage-and-mushroom-sauce/
Title:
Pasta with Tomato, Sausage, and Mushroom Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/4 lb fresh mushrooms
1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil
1 onion, chopped
2 large cloves of garlic, finely chopped
1 large carrot, chopped
1 small celery stalk with leaves, chopped
2 tsp dried parsley
1 tsp fennel seeds
1/2 lb sweet Italian sausage, crumbled
2 tbsp tomato paste
1/2 cup water
1/2 cup dry red wine
2 cups fresh or canned plum tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and finely chopped
1/2 tsp salt, or to taste
1/2 tsp black pepper, or to taste
1 lb pasta shells, or your favorite pasta
1/4 cup Parmesan cheese, or to taste

Directions:
1.  Remove any dirt from the mushrooms with a soft cloth.  Trim the stems.  If they are large, cut them into halves or quarters.  Set aside.
2.  Warm the olive oil in a large pan.  Add the onion, garlic, carrot, celery, and parsley, and stir well.  Saute the mixture over medium-low heat until the vegetables soften, about 10 minutes.
3.  Add the mushrooms, fennel seeds, and sausage meat to the pan, breaking the sausage up with a spoon.  Saute gently until the sausage loses most of its pink color and the mushrooms sweat, about 5 minutes.  Do not overcook the sausage or it will toughen.
4.  Stir in the tomato paste and water.  Let the mixture come to a simmer.  Add the wine, tomatoes, salt, and pepper.  Simmer the sauce over low heat, partially covered, until thick and aromatic, about 45 minutes.
5.  Bring 4 quarts of water to a boil and add the pasta and 1 1/2 tbsp salt.  Cook the pasta until done.  Drain the cooked pasta and transfer to a serving bowl.  Add the sauce to the bowl, toss well, and serve with Parmesan cheese.

Submitter: 
Shannon Jones Williams
Description: 
A rich, earthy dish that is wonderfully simple to make!  My family loves it!  It looks like a lot of ingredients, but several of them are things you probably already have on hand.  If not, it's still a very frugal dish!  We usually double the recipe and have leftovers for a few days, but we are a family of three.  :-)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
