URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63396521/slow-cooker-brunswick-stew/
Title:
Slow Cooker Brunswick Stew Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/913194.jpg
Ingredients:
1-2 pounds boneless skinless chicken breast
(partially frozen is fine)
3 medium sized potatoes (russet or yellow) diced
1 large yellow onion, diced
1 16 oz bag frozen sweet corn
1 16 oz bag frozen baby lima beans
1 28 oz can crushed tomatoes
1  6 oz can tomato paste
1/2 C white vinegar (I actually use the "juice" from a jar of jalapenos)
1/4 C ketchup
1/4 C BBQ sauce (I use Sweet Baby Ray's)
2 T Worcestershire
1 tsp. Texas Pete hot sauce (or whatever brand you prefer)
1 T Salt (or more, depending on your preference)
1 T Black Pepper
32 oz. Low Sodium Chicken Broth (add a little at a time, until you reach desired thickness)

Directions:
Get out your Slow Cooker, turn it to High.
Rinse and trim chicken if needed, then add to slow cooker.
Rinse and dice potatoes and onion if you have not already done so, set aside.
Add all of the liquid ingredients EXCEPT the broth to the cooker, and mix together.
Add potatoes and onion to cooker, and stir.
Add corn and lima beans to cooker, then add enough chicken broth to cooker to cover the beans and corn.
Add salt and pepper, give a final stir and put the lid on.
Cook for 8 hours on low, or 4 on high and 2 on low (my preferred method).
After 4-6 hours, remove chicken breasts, shred with 2 forks, and return to cooker, and stir. This would be a good time to taste test, add more salt and pepper if needed, or more chicken broth.

Submitter: 
Ashley Ritchie
Description: 
My family has always loved Star's brand Brunswick Stew, and I could no longer find it in the grocery store, so I came up with this recipe. It's been tweaked until it tastes almost exactly like Star's.
We eat our stew in big ramekins with Ritz crackers!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
6-8 h
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
