URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63391620/shrimp-blt-crostinis/
Title:
Shrimp 'BLT' Crostini's Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/910596.jpg
Ingredients:
2 teaspoon minced garlic - divided in 1/2
1/8 cup extra virgin olive oil
3 tablespoon dry sherry
1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon pepper
25 shrimp (26 to 30 in a lb.)
1 package morning star veggie bacon (or regular)
1 cup mayonnaise
2 teaspoons of adobo sauce from a can of 'chipotle in adobo sauce'
3 medium avocados, smashed
1/2 lemon, juiced
3 - 4 Roma tomatoes, sliced and halved
baby romaine lettuce
2 loaves French bread baguettes, sliced and lightly toasted
chives, optional

Directions:
Combine 1 teaspoon garlic, oil, dry sherry, red pepper flakes, salt and pepper in a ziplock bag. Add shrimp and place in refrigerator. Marinate for 15 minutes.
Combine mayonnaise with 1 teaspoon of garlic and adobo sauce. Set aside.
On a microwave plate, spray with cooking oil and place bacon over to cover. Try not to overlap. Cook for approx. 5 minutes on high, or until lightly browned.
Place avocados in small bowl and smash. Add a good squeeze of lemon juice and stir well.
Drain shrimp well and sauté in hot skillet over high heat until just pink, turning constantly. Do not overcook. Drain well. Place on cutting board and slice in half long ways to create two equal flat pieces. Put shrimp halves in a ziplock bag and place in refrigerator until ready to use.
To assemble, spoon a nice amount of chipotle/mayo on crostini then lettuce and tomato. Place a very small dab of chipotle/mayo down just so the bacon will stick. Add a dollop of smashed avocado and finish with a shrimp on top with the pink color side up.
If desired, slice chives 1-1/2" in a bias and place 2 pieces on top to form an X.

Submitter: 
Cari
Description: 
This is one of my favorite appetizer recipes! Everyone loves these. They will disappear right in front of your eyes every time! DELICIOUS!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
25
Nutritional Facts:
NA
