URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63390437/southern-style-turnip-greens/
Title:
Southern Style Turnip Greens Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
5 lbs Turnip Greens
5 Turnips, peeled and cut into thick slices
4 inch by 4 inch piece of Streak-of-Lean, rinsed
1 Yellow Onion, medium size
2 Garlic Cloves, crushed
White Vinegar (amount depends upon bitterness of greens)
Sugar (amount depends upon bitterness of greens)
Water

Directions:
Cleaning the Turnip Greens-
Wash each leaf of the turnip green under a steady stream of water.  Repeat this for each side of the leaf.  This will remove most of the grit and/or any insect activity.  Fold each leaf along the stem, begin at the bottom and tear the leaf away from the stem, discard.  Be careful to leave some of the steam on.  Exam each leaf and tear out any discolored or damaged portions. These steps can be performed together.  Take the entire bunch of greens and soak them in warm water for 5 minutes.  Use your hands to swish the leaves around.  (You can use a sink, large pot, or a large dishpan for this.)  Pull the leaves out of the water and place them in another large vessel.  Repeat this again with a new batch of warm water.  Examine the second water and look for grit.  If you see anything give them another soak.  The final water should have a green color free of grit.  Take the clean greens and tear them into hand-sized pieces.
Place the streak-of-lean into a large stock pot with 3 cups of water.  Bring to a boil and simmer for 30 minutes.  There should be fat in the water.  Add the onion, garlic, and turnip greens.  If needed, add more water until the greens are covered.  Bring to a boil, then simmer.  Add the turnips.  Cover.  After 15 minutes, taste your cooking liquid to see if it is bitter.  If bitter, add 1 tbsp of sugar .  If the taste is mild add 1 tbsp of vinegar.  Adjust the balance of vinegar and sugar to meet your tastes.  Stir the greens, cover, and cook for 40 minutes.  Use a fork to pull the skin off of the streak-of-lean, discard.  Use two forks to pull the meat apart and add it back to the pot of greens.  Cool for 15 minutes, and enjoy.

Submitter: 
KERYNE
Description: 
Turnip Greens are a delicious and nutritious vegetable that make a great side dish for a variety of menus.  It is very versatile, tasting best when cooked with meat for seasoning.  My recipe uses salt pork better known as streak-of-lean. This recipe is good for family gatherings or everyday cooking.  Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
