URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63399583/glamour-queen-pasta/
Title:
Glamour Queen Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 13oz. pkg wheat linguine (barilla my favorite)
6 finely diced roma tomatoes
1 small red onion, finely diced
1 9 oz. bag baby spinach (or more.  spinach cooks down to almost nothing)
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 8 oz. pkg feta cheese, bought block style, then crumbled (yes it makes a difference!)
1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil
1 tsp balsamic vinegar
1 tbsp red wine vinegar
1/2 tbsp garlic powder
1 tsp dried oregano
1 tsp dried basil
1/4 tsp lemon zest
1 pinch dried ground thyme
1 pinch ground white pepper
1 pinch sea salt (or to taste)
1 pinch fresh cracked black pepper (or to taste)

Directions:
1. Boil pasta according to package instructions.
2. While boiling, chop veggies and assemble other ingredients.
3. Add EVOO to a large skillet, warm to medium-high heat.
4. Add tomatoes, onions and garlic, simmer til just slightly soft.
5. Add herbs and spices, balsamic and red wine vinegar.
6. Add spinach, flip several times to coat.
7. Drain pasta, add plain pasta to serving platter or plates.  Top with the veggie/evoo sauce.  Finish with a liberal sprinkling of crumbled feta cheese.
(If adding sausage or chicken, cook first in just a little olive oil so it browns, then add the rest.  Another variation: using whole garlic cloves, cook them in the 1/2 cup oil until well browned, then add other veggies and continue with recipe.  The roasted garlic adds a wonderfully mellow zing!)

Submitter: 
Kris Swiggum
Description: 
Like the title: very beautiful, but with little 'substance', the way we view most vegetarian dishes here in the country where meat is king.  This can be remedied with the addition of a spicy sausage (andouille) or grilled chicken.  And surprise!  My 2 y/o loves it, spinach and all!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 min
Ready in:
15 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
