URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63399711/cream-cheese-pancakes-with-smoked-salmon/
Title:
Cream Cheese Pancakes with Smoked Salmon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup All-purpose Flour
1-1/4 teaspoon Baking Powder
1/4 teaspoons Kosher Salt
1 Tablespoon Fresh Chopped Chives
1 ounce, weight Cream Cheese, Softened
1 Tablespoon Butter, Softened
1 whole Egg
3/4 cups Whole Milk
1/2 cups Sour Cream
1 teaspoon Horseradish
1/4 teaspoons Kosher Salt
6 ounces, weight Cold Smoked Salmon
Fresh Chopped Chives, For Garnish

Directions:
In a medium bowl whisk together the flour, baking powder, salt, and chives.
In a small bowl cream together the cream cheese and butter until smooth. Add the egg and whisk until completely incorporated. Whisk in the milk.
Pour the wet ingredients into the dry and whisk until just incorporated and no large lumps remain. Do not over-mix.
Heat a non-stick skillet over medium heat. Spray lightly with non-stick spray then scoop the batter by the tablespoon into the pan. Cook for one minute on the first side, flip, then cook for an additional thirty seconds, or until the cakes are golden brown and spring back when gently pressed in the center. Remove to a plate to cool while you prepare the rest.
While the cakes cool prepare the sour cream sauce by adding the sour cream, horseradish and salt to a small bowl. Whisk to combine then let stand ten minutes.
To prepare, spoon a heaping 1/4 teaspoon of the sauce onto the center of the cakes. Top with a piece of the salmon. Garnish with the chives. These can be assembled up to one hour in advance. Serve at room temperature.

Submitter: 
Celeste
Description: 
From: Tasty Kitchen- Kelly @ Evil Shenanigans 
Fluffy cream cheese pancakes are topped with horseradish sour cream and cold smoked salmon for an elegant, and EASY, appetizer!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
