URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63393991/arroz-con-pollo/
Title:
Arroz  Con Pollo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/911792.jpg
Ingredients:
1 Whole Chicken cut into pieces
Corn oil or similar light oil
Salt and Black Pepper
Paprika
1 Cup diced Chirizzo
1 Cup Onion diced
1 Cup  Bell Pepper  diced
1 Hot Chile Pepper Diced fine Optional
4 to 5 Garlic Cloves minced
An equal amount of ginger minced
A pinch of dried oregano
1/4  White Wine
1 7 Oz Can  Chipotle Peppers In Adobo Sauce Sliced
1 Pinch of saffron
About 5 Cups Chicken Broth or Stock
1 15 Oz Can Black Beans Cuban if possable
2 Cups Long Grain Rice

Directions:
Wash and dry the chicken and season with salt paprika and black pepper. Heat a large heavy pot and lightly coat the bottom with oil. Brown the chicken an all sides and set aside for later.
Brown the sausage  until crisp.
Then saute the onion and the bell pepper  season very lightly with salt and pepper. When the pepper and onion begin to soften add the garlic and the ginger. When you begin to smell the aroma of the garlic. Add the Oregano And add the wine allow the wine to evaporate.
Add the rice, sprinkle a pinch of saffron and mix so to coat all the rice with the saute in the pot. Add the chipolte peppers.  Allow the rice to absorb some of the oils of the saute.
Add just enough stock to cover the rice and constantly mix. Continue this process until 4 cups of stock is absorbed into the rice. Taste and adjust with seasoning if need.
Then add the beans with about 1/2 of the juice from the beans. Add just enough stock to  lightly cover the rice and mix well. Bed the chicken legs and thighs in the rice on a medium low heat and cover for 10 minutes.  Remove the cover add the breasts and cook additional 20 to 30 minutes until all is cooked.

Submitter: 
Buon Appetito
Description: 
One pot meal with a lot of flavor.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1/2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
