URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63391909/bills-chicken-pot-pie-low-sodium/
Title:
Bill's Chicken Pot Pie (Low Sodium) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Cooked Chicken:
3 bnls sknls chicken breasts chopped into 1/2 inch cubes
3 Tblspn olive oil
1 Tsp minced garlic
1 Tsp minced onion
1/2 Tsp fresh ground black pepper
1 Tsp Mrs. Dash Table Blend (I like this flavor over the others)
Vegetables:
3 large Yukon gold potatoes (cubed 1/2 inch)
30-40 baby carrots (sliced thinly)
2 stalks celery diced finely (my daughter doesn't like celery to be visible
1/2 onion chopped finely
1 Cup frozen peas
Chicken sauce:
1 qt low sodium chicken broth (I use Pacific Organic, and, if I can't find that Imagine Organic.  These have the lowest sodium content I have seen without making my own)
1 cup table or heavy cream
1/4 cup organic unbleached wheat flour
2-3 Tblspn parmesan/romano cheese
4 Tblspn unsalted butter
Crust:
1 9" pie crust
1 egg
2 Tblspn table/heavy cream

Directions:
In a skillet dutch oven (or 4-5 quart pan), heat olive oil, mince onion and mince garlic until they start to brown slightly, add in the chicken and cover and cook for 15-20 minutes until tender, about 15-20 minutes.  Once chicken is done, add 2 cups of the chicken broth, butter, then the potatoes, then the onion, then the celery, then the carrots.  Increase heat to bring back to a boil, cover and simmer for 15-20 minutes until vegetables are starting to get soft.  While this is cooking, heat another cup of chicken broth in a bowl, add the flour slowly whisking to insure no lumps, stir into the vegetable chicken mixture.  Preheat the oven to 400.  Add the remaining chicken broth and simmer on medium/low heat until sauce starts to thicken.  Add the cheese and cream, blend well and simmer to desired thickness, adding more flour if needed.  Stir in frozen peas and turn off the heat.
Pour the mixture into a 3-4 quart baking dish, I prefer to use a round dish since the crust is round already.  Lay the crust over the top, tuck the edges into the top of the baking dish and crinkle design the edges as you tuck. Whisk the cream and egg until well blended and paint the entire top of the crust.  Cut slits across the top in a nice design patter to vent.  Bake at 400 for 25-30 minutes, reduce the heat to 375 and bake an additional 20 minutes (until the crust is golden brown and the mixture is bubbling.  Remove from oven, serve hot!!!

Submitter: 
Bill Falk
Description: 
This is an awesome low sodium recipe that doesn't taste like one!!!!  As good as any pot pie I have ever tasted!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
