URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63400861/lasagna-roll-ups/
Title:
Lasagna Roll-ups Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1039723.jpg
Ingredients:
1 16 oz box of lasagna noodles
3 lbs. Whole milk Ricotta cheese
2 eggs
8 oz part skim Mozzarella, shredded
4 oz. Asiago, shredded.
1 small bunch Italian parsley, chopped
6 large leaves fresh Basil, chopped
1 tsp. black pepper, fresh ground
2 Tbs. Olive oil
1 medium onion, diced
2-3 cloves garlic, crushed and rough chopped
1 28 oz can Crushed Tomato
1/2 cup good, red wine (Ripasso)
1-2 bay leaves
8 - 10 leaves of fresh Basil, chopped
1/2 tsp crushed pepper flakes (optional)
salt and pepper to taste
2 cups of mozzarella, shredded
1/2 cup Parmesan, shredded
1/2 cup Asiago, shredded

Directions:
Cook the lasagna according to package directions.
Meanwhile, in a large bowl, combine ricotta, eggs, mozzarella, asiago, parsley, first addition of basil and 1 tsp. of black pepper. Set aside.
By now the noodles should be done. Drain them in a colander, rinse in cold water. Set aside.
In a saucepan, sweat the onions and garlic in olive oil. Saute for several more minutes. When the onions and garlic are softened, but not yet brown, add the crushed tomatoes, the wine and the bay leaves. Bring to a simmer and then add the basil, salt and pepper and the red pepper flakes, if desired. Allow this to simmer, until you are ready to bake. If you plan on baking all of the roll-ups, you must double the amount of sauce you make.
Preheat oven to 375F (190C or gas mark 5).
Lay out a lasagna noodle on a flat surface. Cover the noodle in about a 1/4" layer of filling from left to right. The last 3 inches on the right side should only have a very thin coating of filling. Fold about 2 inches of the noodle over itself from the left to the right and repeat until the noddle is rolled up. Place on a greased cookie sheet with seam side down. Continue to roll up the noodles and filling until the sheet is full, about 12 roll-ups. These roll-ups can be frozen for later use. In a 9 x 13 baking dish place a thin coat of the sauce. Continue to make roll-ups and place them in this 9 x 13 baking dish. There should be six roll-ups. If you need to, you can take roll-ups from the cookie sheet to make up the number of roll-ups you need for the baking dish. Next, put a large spoonful of sauce over each roll-up in the baking dish. This should use up the remaining sauce. Sprinkle the shredded cheeses over the tops of each roll-up. Bake for 30 minutes, or until the cheese begins to brown.

Submitter: 
Doc Simonson
Description: 
Roll-ups provide an easy way to portion out a serving of lasagna. This recipe uses a simple sauce that is light and fresh to contrast the rich filling.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
