URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63409505/yummy-stuffed-peppers/
Title:
Yummy Stuffed Peppers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 Green Bell Peppers
1 tbsp olive oil
1/2 cup rice
1 beef boullion cube
1 package shredded cheddar cheese
1/4 cup parmesan cheese
1 lb ground beef
1/4 tsp onion powder
1/4 tsp garlic powder
1/4 teaspoon ground oregano
1 can diced tomatoes
1 tbsp olive oil
1 white onion (diced)
2 garlic cloves (minced)
1/2 cup ketchup
1/2 cup worcestershire sauce
1/4 cup water

Directions:
1. Cut peppers in half lengthwise, clean the seeds out and place skin side up on a cookie tray. Rub the tbsp of olive oil on the outside of the peppers to coat then stick in the broiler for 10 minutes.
2. Cook rice in 1 cup of water with beef boullion cube. Once the peppers have been removed from the broiler set the oven to 350 degrees.
3. Saute onions & garlic in 1 tbsp olive oil over medium heat until soft and clear (about 10 minutes).
4. Add ground beef, onion powder, garlic powder, and oregano. Cook over medium heat until the meet is browned.
5. Add diced tomatoes, parmesan cheese, cooked rice, and 1/2 the package of cheddar cheese, mix in until cheese is melted.
6. In a small bowl combine the ketchup, worcestershire sauce, and water and stir until thoroughly mixed.
7. Place roasted peppers skin side down in baking dish. Put a spoon full of the ketchup mixture into the bottom of each pepper, then a layer of the rice mixture, another spoon full of the ketchup mixture, a layer of the rice, then the ketchup, then top off with a sprinkle of cheddar cheese. Do this to the remaining peppers then cook the peppers for 45 minutes.

Submitter: 
Procrastigirl
Description: 
This recipe is a combination of a recipe I found online, my sister's recipe, and my mother's recipe. They all had things I loved about them that I combined to make  my favorite stuffed peppers ever.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
