URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63401048/sweet-potato-cupcakes-with-toasted-marshmallow-frosting/
Title:
Sweet Potato Cupcakes with Toasted Marshmallow Frosting Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/914939.jpg
Ingredients:
Cupcakes:
1/2 cup butter, room temperature
1 1/2 cups brown sugar
2 eggs, room temperature
1 teaspoon vanilla
2 cups unbleached all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 teaspoon ground ginger
1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
1 cup mashed cooked sweet potatoes
1/2 cup milk
Frosting:
1/3 cup sugar
1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar
pinch salt
2 egg whites
3 tablespoons cold water
1 teaspoon vanilla
1/2 cup marshmallow fluff

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Fill 12 muffin cups with cupcake liners.
Cream the butter and brown sugar until light and fluffy. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well until fully incorporated. Stir in the vanilla. Mix in the sweet potatoes. Combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, and cloves in a bowl and whisk until blended. Add half the flour, stirring just until incorporated. Blend in the milk and the remaining flour.
Scoop the batter into prepared cupcake pan and bake in preheated oven until the tops spring back when touched lightly with a finger and a toothpick inserted in the center of a cupcake comes out clean, 18 to 22 minutes. Cool on rack.
To make the frosting, combine the sugar, cream of tartar, egg whites, and cold water in a heatproof mixing bowl. Set the mixing bowl over a pan of simmering water and beat with an electric mixer until the mixture is very hot to the touch and stiff peaks have formed, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove the bowl from the heat and beat 1 minute more. Add the vanilla extract and marshmallow fluff and beat until combined.
To frost the cupcakes, you can pipe mini marshmallow-shaped dots with a large plain tip, or you can just use a knife and frost them generously.
Preheat the oven's broiler and set the oven rack about 6 inches below the heat source. Place 3 or 4 cupcakes on a baking sheet and place them in the oven. Toast until the frosting has started to brown, about 90 seconds (check every 20 seconds and rearrange the baking sheet, if necessary). Store any leftover cupcakes in the refrigerator.
If you have a handheld creme brulee torch, you can use that instead of the broiler.

Submitter: 
Doughgirl8
Description: 
These spiced fall cupcakes are a riff on the classic Thanksgiving casserole.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25
Ready in:
1.5 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
