URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63404867/sweet-and-spicy-sweet-potato-soup/
Title:
Sweet and Spicy Sweet Potato Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 T olive oil or butter
4 shallots, sliced (or 2 leeks, white part only)
2 T finely grated fresh ginger (or 2 tsp. ground ginger)
1/4 t. red pepper flakes (or more!)
1/4 t. Cayenne pepper(or more!)
1 lb tart apples, cored and sliced into 1/4 pieces.  Peeling is optional.
2 cans sweet potato
2 quarts chicken broth
2 limes, 1 juiced and zest separated; 1 cut into wedges
1/2 tsp Salt, to taste
Garnish (optional)
Sour Cream
Cilantro, finely chopped
Sweet and Spicy Nuts (prepackaged or make your own!)
*Granny Smith or Macintosh work well

Directions:
Saute the shallots (or leeks) in oil on medium heat until they begin to soften, but not brown, approximately 3 minutes.
Add the sliced apples, grated ginger, lime zest, red pepper flakes, and Cayenne pepper to the shallots.  Saute the fruit and shallots until the apples are very soft, approximately 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, heat up the chicken broth and canned sweet potatoes in a heavy pot.  Stir well.
When the fruit has softened, add the contents of the pan to the sweet potato and chicken broth.  Cover and cook on medium heat until the mixture begins to boil, about 15 minutes.
Puree with an immersion blender until very smooth.  Alternatively, carefully blend in a blender or food processor.
Add the juice of one lime. Stir. Taste and adjust seasonings to your taste.
Serve the soup with lime wedges, sour cream, cilantro, extra red pepper flakes, and sweet and spicy nuts. Let everyone garnish their soup how they like it.

Submitter: 
Julie Julie
Description: 
An easy, creamy fall soup that's easy to make any time of year.  The earthiness of the sweet potato is balanced with tart apples, spicy ginger, and touch of zesty lime.  Serve with a dollop of sour cream, cilantro, and the sweet and spicy nuts.  A Thanksgiving favorite that's a kid favorite year-round.  Freezes well!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5
Ready in:
45
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
