URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63401383/vegan-seitan-and-tofu-turkey/
Title:
Vegan Seitan and Tofu “Turkey” Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Dry Mix
2 c. vital wheat gluten
1/2 c. garbanzo bean flour
1/2 c. nutritional yeast flakes
2 tablespoons granulated onion
1 tablespoon powdered garlic
1/2 teaspoon white pepper
Wet Mix
1 package firm or extra firm tofu, drained and crumbled
1 1/2 c. water
2 tablespoons Better Than Bouillon “No Chicken” soup base
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 tablespoon poultry seasoning
(If using canned broth, simmer until reduced at least 25%-50% and use in place of the water. Let cool before using as it could start to cook the gluten prematurely if hot.)
Basting Broth
1 cup water
2 teaspoons Better Than Bouillon “No Chicken” soup base
1 tablespoon olive oil
2 cloves garlic, crushed
1 teaspoon poultry seasoning
(If using canned broth, use in place of the water and skip the bouillon.)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350º.
Mix all the dry ingredients in work bowl of Kitchen Aid (or other mixer) or mixing bowl. Give it a quick whisk to incorporate.
Combine all the wet ingredients in blender. Blend for 30 seconds or until completely smooth. You want the tofu to be fully broken down. It should look like a smoothie.
Pour the wet ingredients into the dry and mix together. Dough will be wet. Turn out onto a cutting board and knead for about 5 minutes. Shape into loaf, put in oiled bread pan and let stand for another 5 minutes.
Make basting broth by combining all ingredients. Use hot water or warm slightly on stove.
When dough is finished resting, baste with one or two baster squeezes of broth. Put in oven.
Baste again at :30 minutes. (You’ll have broth left over.)
Bake 1 hour. Dough will feel firm to the touch and nicely browned. Broth should be completely absorbed. Let cool for :15 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Jamie Lang
Description: 
tofu & seitan vegan turkey, vegan style
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
75
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
