URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63404455/green-bean-casserole/
Title:
Green Bean Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 Pounds Fresh Green Beans, Ends Cut Off
4 Slices Bacon, Cut Into 1/4 Inch Pieces
3 Cloves Garlic, Minced
1/2 Whole Large Onion, Chopped
4 Tablespoons Butter
4 Tablespoons All-purpose Flour
2-1/2 Cups Whole Milk
1/2 Cup Half-and-half
1-1/2 Teaspoon Salt, More To Taste
Freshly Ground Black Pepper, To Taste
1/8 Teaspoon Cayenne Pepper
1 Cup Grated Sharp Cheddar Cheese
1 Jar (4 Ounce) Sliced Pimentoes, Drained
Extra Milk For Thinning If Necessary
1 Cup Panko Bread Crumbs or 1 Can of Fried Onions

Directions:
Heat salted water or chicken broth til boiling.
Cut green beans in half if you like pieces to be a little smaller.
Blanch the green beans: drop them into lightly salted boiling water or chicken broth and allow green beans to cook for about 3 to 4 minutes. Remove them from the boiling water with a slotted spoon and immediately plunge them into a bowl of ice cold water to stop the cooking process. Drain beans once they're cool and set aside.
Add bacon pieces to a skillet over medium heat. Cook bacon for two minutes, then add diced onion and garlic and continue cooking for 3 to 5 minutes, or until bacon is done (but not crisp) and onions are golden brown. Remove from heat and set aside.
In a separate skillet or saucepan, melt butter over medium heat. Sprinkle flour into the pan and whisk immediately to evenly mix it into the butter. Cook for a minute or two, then pour in milk and half and half. Continue cooking, whisking constantly, while sauce thickens, about 2 minutes. Add salt, pepper, and cayenne then add the grated cheddar. Stir while cheese melts. Turn off heat.
Add pimentos to pan, then add bacon/onion mixture. Stir to combine. Pour over green beans and stir gently to combine. Pour into a baking dish and top with panko crumbs or fried onions.
Bake at 350 degrees for 30 minutes or until sauce is bubbly and panko crumbs are golden.

Submitter: 
Cori
Description: 
Cheesy, bacony green bean casserole - what's not to love?
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
