URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63406887/lava-hot-stir-fry/
Title:
Lava-Hot Stir Fry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/917794.jpg
Ingredients:
1.25 cups of (dry) rice
4 eggs
1/2 inch (a few sprinkles) of diced ginger
1-stick butter (1/2 cup)
1 bunch of green onions (thinly sliced/diced)
~ 5 fluid ounces Soy Sauce (really measure to taste)
36 ounces of Meat (Shrimp, Beef or Chicken)
1 large onion (Sliced)
9 jalapeno peppers (Mild - Substitute Green Bell Peppers)
9 Fresno (Red) peppers (Mild - Substitute Red Bell Peppers)
9 Habanero Peppers (Substitute Orange Bell Peppers for mild or more Habaneros for super-hot)

Directions:
Cook the rice (Makes a heaping bowl full).
Take half of the jalapeno's and Fresno peppers and make slices down the short side.  Take the other half and make slices down the long side (for variety of texture).
Quarter slice the habanero peppers.
Sift the eggs & diced ginger together in a bowl.
Put 2/3 of the stick of butter in a large pan, or even better on a 4 burner grill and melt.  Pour the egg mixture onto the grill and butter.  Cooking in a thin layer.
6.) Use a spatula to cut the thin cooked egg layer into a lot of small separate rectangular shapes.
Pour the green onions on the eggs and mix them together (egg should be completely cooked before doing this)
Dump the rice on top of the green onion & egg mixture and mix them all together (as they continue to cook).  Quickly add soy sauce to taste.  I'd say about 3 ounces worth.  If the rice still taste's bland, add more soy sauce until it tastes great.
Move stir fried rice to a low heat.
Saute (for a few minutes) the remaining butter (1/3 stick), the onion and the meat adding soy sauce to taste and to prevent burning.
Add all three types of peppers to the meat and onion mixture and add soy sauce to taste for a few minutes.
(Optionally) mix the vegetables and the stir fry rice together and saute a little longer.  I do this because I think the rice holds the flavors better from the soy sauce.
Add remaining soy sauce to taste while sauteing.  Mix.  Should not be bland.
Eat.  Optionally eat or do not eat the orange habanero pieces.  You can treat them the same way you would dried red peppers by picking them out of the cooked dish.  Or if you are adventurous, you can eat them in the dish.

Submitter: 
Brad G Reynolds
Description: 
This is for people who love Stir Fry insanely hot.  This is meant for those ready to walk on the inside of the volcano.  Substitution suggested below for those with more sensitive palates.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
