URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63405028/crock-pot-low-fat-pumpkin-bread-pudding/
Title:
Crock Pot Low-Fat Pumpkin Bread Pudding Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
•6 cups whole grain bread, chopped into 1" cubes (about 6 slices)
•1 cup low-fat milk
•2 tablespoons unsweetened applesauce
•1 1/2 tablespoons Sucralose sweetener (Splenda)
• 1/4 cup packed, dark brown sugar
•1 large egg
• 1/2 cup egg substitute
• 1/2 tablespoon vanilla extract
• 1/2 tablespoon pumpkin pie spice
•1 cup canned, organic, unsweetened pumpkin puree
•1 cup vanilla Greek yogurt
• 1/4 cup crushed raw almonds
•1 tablespoon orange zest

Directions:
1.In a large mixing bowl, combine milk, applesauce, Splenda and sugar. Whisk until combined.
2.In a separate mixing bowl, combine egg, egg substitute and vanilla. Whisk until eggs are smooth and combined. Pour the egg mixture into the milk mixtures and stir together.
3.Add the pumpkin pie spice and canned pumpkin. Whisk until all ingredients are smooth and combined.
4.Spread the bread cubes into the bottom of a slow-cooker or crock pot. Pour the custard mixture over the bread cubes to evenly coat the bread.
5.Cover the mixture and cook on high for about 2-21/2 hours, until the custard is set all the way through. Allow the pudding to cool for about 10 minutes before serving. If you'd like to cook it in the oven instead, spray a glass baking dish with cooking spray, heat the oven to 350 degrees and cook for about 30 minutes or until the custard is set in the center.
6.Serve and top with vanilla Greek yogurt, crushed almonds and orange zest.

Submitter: 
Shannon Campbell
Description: 
This recipe has 230 per serving vs. 394 calories per serving in a regular Pumpkin Bread Pudding, and only 3.5 grams of fat vs. 14.6! I topped mine with some vanilla Greek yogurt, a little crushed almond and some orange zest. It was so flavorful, I couldn't stop eating it!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
