URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63416879/mushroom-and-leek-homemade-stuffing/
Title:
Mushroom and Leek Homemade Stuffing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups hot water
1/2 ounce dried porcini mushrooms*
1 cup (2 sticks) butter
1 pound fresh shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, caps sliced
1 pound button mushrooms, sliced
1 1/2 cups chopped leeks (white and pale green parts only)
6 garlic cloves, chopped
2 cups dry white wine
1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme
1 1/2 8-ounce French-bread baguettes, halved lengthwise, cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick slices
1 large egg, beaten to blend

Directions:
Combine 1 1/2 cups hot water and dried porcini in small bowl.
Let stand until mushrooms soften, about 30 minutes.
Using slotted spoon, transfer mushrooms to work surface; chop finely.
Pour mushroom soaking liquid into small bowl, leaving any sediment behind, and reserve.
Melt butter in heavy large pot over medium-high heat.
Add shiitake and button mushrooms; sauté 10 minutes.
Add leeks and garlic; sauté 5 minutes.
Add wine, thyme, and porcini mushrooms.
Cook until almost all wine evaporates, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. (
Transfer mixture to very large bowl.
Mix bread into mushroom mixture. Season with salt and pepper; mix in egg.
Preheat oven to 350°F. Generously butter 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish.
Add enough reserved mushroom soaking liquid to stuffing to moisten (3/4 cup to 1 1/4 cups). Transfer stuffing to prepared dish. Bake uncovered until heated through, about 40 minutes.

Submitter: 
meggerz802
Description: 
A really great stuffing as a side dish, it doesn't cook well in the turkey though.  You can add sausage to it if you'd like to make it more of a casserole type meal. 

If you can't find or don't like porcini mushrooms, any dark mushroom will do.  But the porcini really makes an earthly flavor to it.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
