URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63412559/cheeseburger-deluxe-macaroni-and-cheese/
Title:
Cheeseburger Deluxe Macaroni and Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/920721.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound wagon wheel or cavatappi pasta
1 quart milk
1 stick unsalted butter, plus 1 more tablespoon
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 medium red onion, chopped
1 pound lean ground sirloin
2 cups shredded cheddar-jack cheese
1 cup extra sharp cheddar cheese
16 slices deli style american cheese, cut into pieces
1/2 cup ketchup
1/3 yellow mustard
1 1/2 tablespoons fresh dill
3/4 pound fresh tomatoes (about 4 small)
1 cup panko breadcrumbs
1 cup regular potato chips, crushed
1/4 cup shredded parmesan cheese
1 1/2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus a little more
black pepper

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.
Drizzle about 1/2 tbsp oil into a large pot of salted, boiling water. Add the pasta and cook according to the directions on the package, making sure not to overcook. Drain well in a strainer.  Rinse and wipe the pasta pot so you can reuse it to make the sauce.  I like to minimize on dishes for easy cleanup! :)
In a skillet, melt 1 tablespoon of butter over medium heat, and add the red onion.  Let cook until the onion starts to get soft, then add the ground sirloin, break it up, and cook until brown all the way through.  Season the mix with salt and pepper, and set aside.
Meanwhile, heat the milk in a small saucepan on stove, but make sure it doesn't boil. Melt 8 tablespoons of butter in the pot and add the flour. Cook over low heat for 2 minutes, stirring with a whisk. While whisking, add the hot milk and cook until thickened and smooth. Off the heat, add American, sharp cheddar, and cheddar-jack cheese, 1 tablespoon salt (sounds like a lot, but it's perfect), some black pepper to taste, and pinch of nutmeg. When cheese is melted into sauce, add ketchup, mustard, and fresh dill.  Then add cooked macaroni and ground sirloin/onion mixture, stirring everything together well.  Pour into a large baking dish.
Slice the tomatoes and arrange on top.  Season them with salt and pepper.  In a large ziploc bag, combine the bread crumbs, crushed potato chips, parmesan cheese, and 1 tablespoon of extra virgin olive oil.  Seal bag and shake everything together well until evenly coated with the oil.  Sprinkle bread crumb mixture over top of tomatoes.   Bake for 30 to 35 minutes, or until the sauce is bubbly and the bread crumb mixture is browned on the top.  Enjoy!
*A green salad, or a Caesar salad, is a great accompaniment for this d

Submitter: 
Amy Dunshee
Description: 
I love to play around with mac and cheese flavors to make them taste like classic dishes that we all love!  This one tastes exactly like a big, juicy, All-American cheeseburger with lots of melty cheese, grilled onions, pickles, ketchup, and mustard.  If you shut your eyes and take a bite, you'll be amazed!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
