URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63416676/garlicky-mashed-potato-and-stuffing-pierogi/
Title:
Garlicky Mashed Potato and Stuffing Pierogi Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/922615.jpg
Ingredients:
Dough:
4 cups all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup non-dairy sour cream
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 cup + 1-2 tablespoons water
Filling:
2 peeled and cubed russet potatoes
¾ cup vegetable broth
1½ teaspoons garlic salt
1½ cups unflavored dry stuffing mix
2 tablespoons olive oil
½ cup chopped celery
½ cup chopped white onion
1 cup chopped mushrooms
1 teaspoon dried rubbed sage
½ teaspoon dried rosemary
¼ teaspoon dried thyme

Directions:
For the dough, mix together flour and salt in a bowl; set aside. In a separate large bowl combine sour cream and olive oil; beat until thoroughly incorporated. Add dry ingredients and stir until mixture becomes crumbly. Slowly add water, 1 cup, then 1 tablespoon at a time, and stir just until mixture comes together into a non-sticky ball.
On a lightly floured work surface, knead dough until elastic and slightly firm, approximately 5 minutes. Cover with plastic wrap and allow to rest for 30 minutes while preparing the filling.
For the filling, place cubed potatoes in a large pot of water. Bring to a boil over high heat and cook for 15-20 minutes, or until potatoes are tender when pierced with a fork. Drain, discarding water.
In a large bowl, combine cooked potatoes, vegetable broth and garlic salt, mashing until smooth. Fold in dried stuffing and set aside.
Heat olive oil in a frying pan over medium heat. Add celery and onion, and cook for 5 minutes. Add mushrooms, sage, rosemary and thyme, and continue cooking for an additional 5 minutes, or until vegetables are tender. Add to potato mixture and stir to combine; set aside.
On a clean, flat, lightly floured work surface, roll out dough until approximately 1/8-inch thick. Using a circular cookie cutter or drinking glass, cut out 3-inch circles. Place a tablespoon of filling into the center of each circle, allowing at least 1/2-inch of dough around. Moisten the outer edge of each circle with water, and fold dough in half over the filling. Using the rim of a glass or a fork, crimp the rounded edge of each circle to seal the pierogi.
Boil pierogi for 7-9 minutes, or until all pierogi float to the top. Remove pierogi with a slotted spoon and allow to cool slightly. Drizzle with gravy and serve.

Submitter: 
megmeister
Description: 
This Thanksgiving recipe encompasses many people’s favorites: garlicky mashed potatoes and stuffing, enveloped in a fresh pasta shell, then drizzled with a savory brown gravy. These freeze well too!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
90
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
