URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63418647/greens-gratin/
Title:
Greens Gratin Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Greens Gratin
Ingredients:
1 bunch of collard greens, chopped
1 bunch of kale, chopped
1 bunch of mustard greens, chopped
1 large white onion, small diced
4 garlic cloves, minced
1 Cup bacon, diced
2 Cup milk
3 Tbsp all-purpose flour
1 Tsp chili flake (optional)
1 Cup gruyere
1/2 Tsp nutmeg
extra virgin olive oil
salt and pepper to taste
1/2 Cup bread crumbs
1/3 Cup parsley, chopped

Directions:
Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.
Bring a large pot of water to the boil, then season generously with salt.
Working in batches, cook each green separately until tender. Remove to a fine mesh strainer and press out all the liquid.
Chop all the greens.
In a medium-sized saute pan over medium heat, add the bacon. Render out the fat until the pancetta is crispy.
Once the bacon is golden brown, remove from the pan with a slotted spoon.
In the same pan, add the onions and garlic and toss to coat in the rendered fat. Season with salt and pepper. Add the chili flake. Cook the mixture until it is soft, about 5-7 minutes.
Add olive oil if the pan seems dry.
Stir in the flour and cook for about a minute.
Slowly add the milk, whisking constantly. Season with nutmeg.
Cook the milk until it begins to thicken. Once it is the consistency of a thick sauce, add 1/2 of the gruyere. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper.
Remove from heat.
In a large mixing bowl mix the bechamel with the cooked greens & put in buttered casserole
Mix together the remaining gruyere, the parsley and bread crumbs.
Top the dish with this mixture.
Place on a sheet tray in the oven and cook for about 25 minutes, or until the gratin is bubbly and golden.

Submitter: 
Jen Cooks For Fun
Description: 
A cheesy vegetable gratin recipe from The Chew.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
30 min
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
