URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63418991/sourdough-dinner-rolls/
Title:
Sourdough Dinner Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/923543.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup sourdough starter
1 1/2 cups warm water
1 tablespoon yeast
1 tablespoon salt
2 tablespoons white sugar or 2 tablespoons brown sugar
2 tablespoons olive oil
5-6 cups flour (do not use bread flour, the rolls will be too tough)
butter, melted

Directions:
Make Dough
In a large bowl, stir together sourdough starter, warm water, yeast, salt, sugar, and oil. Add flour, 1/2 cup at a time, stirring after each addition, until the dough is dry enough to knead (it should still be slightly sticky). Turn out the dough onto a heavily floured surface and knead for 5-10 minutes, until the dough is tacky but not sticky and reaches a temperature of 78-80 degrees. Place the dough in a clean large bowl sprayed with non-stick cooking oil, cover the bowl with a kitchen towel or plastic wrap and let the dough double in size.
Bake the Rolls
When the dough has doubled, punch it down with lightly floured hands. Divide the dough into rolls, each approximately the size of a tennis ball. Lightly oil a 9x13 pan. Set the rolls into the pan and let them rise until doubled. Pre-heat the oven to 375 degrees with a rack in the middle. Once the rolls have doubled place them in the oven and bake for 20 minutes. During the last 5 minutes of baking, brush the tops with melted butter and return them to the oven. The rolls are done when they are lightly brown on top.

Submitter: 
Jeff Harrell
Description: 
This is a simple recipe which comes together quickly (aside from the rising time), and results in an iconic dinner roll with the added benefit of an underlying sourdough tang. When the warm rolls are pulled apart a fluffy interior begs for a pat of butter, a drizzle of gravy, or even a smear of raspberry jam. If you are faced with a volcano of sourdough starter or just want to add a special homemade twist to traditional dinner rolls, these sourdough dinner rolls are an easy solution.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
