URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63417659/green-bean-and-pasta-casserole/
Title:
Green Bean and Pasta Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/922937.jpg
Ingredients:
2 Tbsp. Canola oil
2 Medium chicken breasts, (cooked and diced)
2 C. Dry rotini noodles
2 Tbsp. Butter
2 Onions,  halved and sliced finely
1 C. Fresh mushrooms,  sliced
1  14 oz can of cut green beans
1  8 oz can of Tomato sauce
1 1/2 C.  Farmers cheese (grated)
1 C. MIlk
1/4 C. butter
1/2 tsp.  Ginger
1/2 tsp.  Mustard
1/2 tsp.  Curry Powder
Toasted bread crumbs for topping
Reserve 1/2 cup of cheese for topping

Directions:
Saute chicken breasts in light oil until nicely browned and set aside
Cook Pasta according to package directions and then rinse well under cold running water
Place cooked pasta in a 1 1/2 qt casserole dish and spread over bottom of dish
Cut up cooked chicken breast meat into small chunks and saute lightly in frying pan to mix with  the spices and then add to the pasta
Saute onion slices in butter along with mushrooms until onion is translucent and tender and mushrooms have turned a light brown colour
Drain can of green beans and add the beans to the pasta and chicken
Mix vegetables with pasta in casserole dish and add tomato sauce to the mixture spreading the sauce evenly among the vegetables. pasta and chicken
Prepare cheese sauce by making a roux from flour, butter and milk in a small saucepan over medium heat until thickened adding enough milk to make a nice thick sauce then add 1 cup of grated cheese and stir to dissolve the cheese into the sauce
Pour the sauce over the mixture in the dish and then add the toasted bread crumbs on top of the cheese and bake for approximately 15 minutes or until cheese is melted nicely on the top of casserole

Submitter: 
Cheerios
Description: 
A tangy pasta and green bean casserole with chunks of spiced chicken breast throughout the casserole with onions and mushrooms to make supreme dinner casserole for your weekday meals.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
