URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63414020/lindas-favorite-sour-cream-apple-pie/
Title:
Linda's Favorite Sour Cream Apple Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
CRUST:
2-1/2 cups unbleached all-purpose flour
5 Tbsp granulated sugar
3/4 tsp salt
3/4 tsp ground cinnamon
6 Tbsp sweet butter ,chilled
6 Tbsp shortening, chilled
4 to 6 Tbsp apple cider or juice, chilled
FILLING:
5 to 7 tart apples
2/3 cup dairy sour cream
1/3 cup granulated sugar
1 egg, lightly beaten
1/4 tsp salt
1 tsp vanilla extract
3 Tbsp unbleached flour
TOPPING:
3 Tbsp brown sugar
3 Tbsp granulated sugar
1 tsp ground cinnamon
1 cup shelled walnuts, chopped

Directions:
CRUST:
Sift flour, sugar, salt, and cinnamon into a bowl.  Cut in butter and shortening with fork or pastry cutter until mixture resembles rolled oats.
Moisten with just enough cider, tossing ingredients lightly with a fork, to permit the dough to be formed into a ball.  Wrap and refrigerate for 2 hours.
Cut off 1/3 of the dough and return it to the refrigerator.  Roll out the other 2/3 between 2 sheets of wax paper.
Line a 9 inch pie pan with the dough.  Trim over hang and crimp decoratively.
Preheat oven to 350*F.
FILLING:
Peel, core and thinly slice apples. Drop slices into a mixing bowl.
Whisk together sour cream, egg, salt, vanilla and flour in a small bowl.
Pour mixture over apples and toss well to coat.
Spoon apples into pastry lined pie pan.
TOPPING:
Mix sugars, cinnamon and walnuts together and sprinkle evenly over apple filling.
Roll out remaining pastry between sheets of wax paper to form a 10" circle.  Cut into 1/2" strips and arrange these lattice fashion over apples.
Trims ends of strips and crimp edge of crust decoratively.
Set pie on middle rack of the oven and bake for 55 to 65 minutes.  If crust browns too quickly, cover loosely with foil.  Pie is done when juices are bubbling and apples are tender.
Serve warm or cool, topped with whipped cream or vanilla ice cream.

Submitter: 
Bill Alexander
Description: 
Linda loves to make this pie and serve it up for special occasions like Thanksgiving.  This recipe is from the Silver Palette Cook Book.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1-1/2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
