URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63418553/nut-rolls-the-best/
Title:
Nut Rolls, the best Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Nut Roll Dough recipe:
2 packs dry yeast
1/2 cup warm water
2/3 cup sugar
1 1/2 cups milk scalded & cooled (add sugar to hot milk to dissolve)
1 teaspoon salt
4 eggs, slightly beaten
2 sticks oleo, melted
all purpose flour, approximately 1 cup shy of 3 pounds (=9 cups)
Nut Mixture recipe:
8 cups (2 pounds)ground walnuts
2 cups sugar

Directions:
Dissolve yeast in warm water. Let sit aside.
Add to the yeast mixture the 2/3 cup sugar, 1 1/2 cups cooled scalded milk, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 lightly beaten eggs & 2 melted sticks of oleo.
After all liquids are well stirred, start adding flour until dough can be handled.
Knead on floured surface.
Place in a greased bowl; greasing top then set aside to rise until double (1 hour or so).
Meanwhile, combine nut mixture (ground walnuts and 2 cups sugar).  Divide into 8 small bowls (one portion for each nut roll).  Set aside.
Then once dough has risen, divide dough into 8 equal parts.
Roll out one at a time to a thin 10x12inch rectangle. (do-not roll on floured surface, put oil on the surface)
Spread 1/8 nut mixture evenly over dough.  Press down nuts with palm of hand.
Roll up long sides into long nut roll shape.
Prick each nut roll several times with a toothpick.
Set aside to rise for an hour or so.
Bake at 350 degrees for 35 minutes.  After baking about 20 minutes cover nut rolls with damp *brown paper sack* to slow down burning.
After taking out of oven, brush with melted oleo.
Transfer to a cooling rack to cool.
When nut rolls are completely cool, slice to serve.
You can wrap and freeze the whole nut roll by covering in good quality plastic wrap, then wrap tightly in foil.  Place one or two wrapped nut rolls into an empty bread bag, twist bag to tie closed, place in freezer.

Submitter: 
Sue's recipes
Description: 
This nut roll recipe is a family Easter and Christmas breakfast treat from Terrys grandma & her sister Aunt Ann Shefcheck.  ...............> 

Note*: This recipe calls for oleo which was used more in their days of cooking and baking.  During baking, we covered with damp paper sacks from the grocery stores that they put our groceries in.  Paper sacks are sometimes hard to find, pick some up to keep on hand anytime you can find them.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
4 h
Ready in:
1 d
Number of servings: 
80
Nutritional Facts:
NA
