URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63419685/winter-squash-festive-dip/
Title:
Winter Squash Festive Dip Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 winter squash (about 2 pounds), such as butternut or turban, unpeeled, seeded, and cut into 3-inch pieces
Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling
Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste
2 heads garlic, tops cut off to expose cloves
1 1/4 sticks (10 tablespoons) unsalted butter, room temperature
8 scallions, white and pale-green parts only, sliced 1 inch thick
2 chipotle chiles (canned in adobo sauce)
2 cups (16 ounces) sour cream
8 ounces cream cheese, room temperature
1 1/4 cups grated Parmesan cheese (about 4 ounces)
4 teaspoons fresh lemon juice
Paprika, for sprinkling
Turban squash or ornamental pumpkin, for serving.

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
2. Place squash on a rimmed baking sheet single layer. Drizzle with oil, season with salt and pepper.
3. Place garlic in aluminum foil, drizzle with oil, and bunch/wrap loosely around it. Place on baking sheet with squash.
4. Bake until squash is soft and golden brown, about 50 minutes. Let cool but not get tough.
5. While squash is cooking, melt 4 tablespoons butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add scallions, and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 4 minutes.
6. Scoop cooked squash out of skin, and transfer to a food processor. Squeeze garlic from skins, and add to squash. Add scallions and chipotles, and pulse until smooth. Add remaining 6 tablespoons butter, the sour cream, cream cheese, Parmesan, and lemon juice, and pulse until just combined but not smooth. Season with salt and pepper.
** Pour into a hollowed-out squash or a serving bowl. Refrigerate for 1 hour. Sprinkle with paprika and whatever garnish you choose.  Makes 6 , one cup servings.

Submitter: 
meggerz802
Description: 
I make this dip and then use either an ornamental pumpkin or turban squash that I've hollowed out and put it in it.  It's super pretty as a center piece and it keeps people out of the kitchen while you are cooking Thanksgiving dinner.  We have nut allergies so I don't do this, but a friend who uses this recipe adds pine nuts and pecans on the top as a garnish .
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
