URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63411905/ratatouille/
Title:
Ratatouille Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/920448.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 onion, finely chopped
2 garlic cloves, very thinly sliced
1 cup tomato puree (such as Pomi)
2 tablespoons olive oil, divided
1 small eggplant
1 small zucchini
1 small yellow squash
1 long red bell pepper
Few sprigs fresh thyme
Salt and pepper
Few tablespoons soft goat cheese, for serving

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
Mix tomato puree, onion, garlic and 1 TBSP of olive oil together, season with salt and pepper then pour into a 10x13 inch baking dish.
Trim the ends off the eggplant, zucchini and yellow squash. As carefully as you can, trim the ends off the red pepper and remove the core, leaving the edges intact, like a tube.
On a mandoline, cut the eggplant, zucchini, yellow squash and red pepper into very thin slices, approximately 1/16-inch thick.
Arrange slices of prepared vegetables starting at the outer edge of the dish and working into the middle, alternating the slices.
Drizzle the remaining olive oil over the vegetables and season them with salt, pepper and thyme.
Cover dish with a piece of parchment paper cut to fit inside the dish.
Bake for approximately 45 to 55 minutes, until vegetables have released their liquid and are clearly cooked. They should not be brown at the edges, and you should see that the tomato sauce is bubbling up around them.
Serve with a dab of soft goat cheese on top, alone, or with some crusty French bread or atop rice or a grain such as couscous.

Submitter: 
Dianna Jacobs-Fresh
Description: 
An old French classic made popular again by the movie Ratatouille. This version (As envisioned by Smitten Kitchen) is cooked completely in the oven and like in the movie everything is slices and placed nicely instead of the French chopped veggie version.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20-25
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
