URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63418419/curry-pot-pie-with-thai-green-curry-chicken/
Title:
Curry Pot Pie with Thai Green Curry Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/923329.jpg
Ingredients:
1 14 oz can coconut milk (I prefer the light milk)
2 tbs Thai green curry paste
3 tbs fish sauce
3 tbs brown sugar
2 tbs soy sauce
1 lb boneless chicken, cut into 1/2" cubes
1 cup Thai baby eggplants, halved
1 cup Asian long beans, cut into 1 1/2" lengths
1 cup chopped onion, or peeled pearl onions (available frozen)
1/2 cup whole peeled garlic cloves
1 cup baby bok choy, chopped
1 8 oz can sliced bamboo shoots
1 8 oz can sliced water chestnuts
10-20 leaves fresh basil
2-5 Thai dragon chili peppers, chopped or whole, raw or pickled (or both!)
1 2-pack Ready-to-go refrigerated Pie Crust

Directions:
Remove the pie crusts from the fridge and allow to thaw to room temperature.
In a large saucepan, put the curry paste and turn the heat to medium high. Once it starts to sizzle, break the paste up and pour in about a quarter of the can of coconut milk and allow it to heat up. Whisk until blended.
Add the chicken and stir to coat. Simmer for a couple minutes and then pour in the rest of the coconut milk. Add the fish sauce and brown sugar, stir until blended. Turn the heat down to med-low and simmer for 30 minutes. Allow to cool a bit.
Add the veggies and basil. Increase heat until it begins to boil, then reduce heat again and simmer another 30 minutes.
Pre-heat oven to 375 degrees. Unroll the pie crusts and use one to completely line the inside of an ungreased 2 quart 8.5" diameter round baking dish.
Carefully transfer the curry into the crust-lined baking dish. There should be at least half inch or so of dough extending up beyond the top of the curry.
Moisten the dough that's extending up beyond the curry. Lay the second pie crust on top and fold excess dough over the top and pleat to make it look nice. Press firmly into the moistened dough below. Cut a few slits in the top to ventilate.
Bake in the oven for 45-60 minutes, until the top is a nice golden color. Wrap the rolled-over edges of the crust in foil after the first 15 minutes.
Remove from oven, allow to cool before serving.

Submitter: 
Phinneas Stone
Description: 
An Asian-inspired twist on the old American standard.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
2 hrs, 20 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
