URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63429509/coras-chocolate-crunch/
Title:
Cora's Chocolate Crunch Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
[Note:  Each dessert is made individually in a sauce dish or small cereal bowl.  Amount used for each layer is determined by the creator of the dessert while she is making it.]
- Crushed cookies or crackers (ex: Ritz, peanut butter crackers, Oreos, etc.)
- Peanut butter
- Semi-sweet chocolate chips
- Chopped nuts or nut slivers (ex: honey-roasted almond slivers, chopped peanuts)
- Chocolate syrup
- Whipped cream

Directions:
You will need zip-lock bags for this recipe.  Also have sauce dishes ready for individual servings because the dessert is made one-at-a-time.
Put some cookies or some crackers – or whatever you want that crumbles well – into a zip-lock bag.  Seal the bag, making sure that the air is pressed out of it.  Smash them.  You can use your hands or a rolling pin or a spoon or any flat and heavy thing to crush the cookies or crackers into crumbs.
Place or pour the crumbs into an individual-serving sauce dish and make a flat surface.
Scoop out some peanut butter, as much as you want, and put it on top of the crumbs.
Put some of the cookie or cracker crumbs on top and pat it some (this is to get rid of the peanut butter stickiness).
Stick some chocolate chips into the peanut butter.
Put any kind of chopped nuts or nut slivers on top.
Put some chocolate syrup on it.
Then serve the dessert… carry to the table and place above the dinner plate.
And, then, as a surprise, put some whipped cream on top when everybody is done eating their other food.
Enjoy!

Submitter: 
JoAnn Hague
Description: 
This dessert was created by Cora Kramer (age 5).  She compiled it for our family's Thanksgiving meal in November 2012.  It is easy to make and DELICIOUS.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 m per person
Ready in:
5 m
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
