URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63423228/basic-beef-stock/
Title:
Basic Beef Stock Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/925608.jpg
Ingredients:
10 pounds beef scraps, meat bones, and joint bones
1 1/2 large onion
5 large carrots
1/2 cup water
4 stalks celery, including some leaves
2 large tomato
2 medium potato
8 whole black peppercorns
4 sprigs fresh parsley or 2 tbsp. dried parsley
3 bay leaf
1 tablespoon salt
1 tablespoon dried thyme
4-5 cloves garlic
1/3 cup apple cider vinegar
16 cups water or more to cover bones

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Trim root end off onion. Peel and quarter the onion. Scrub carrots and chop into 1-inch chunks. In a large shallow roasting pan, place soup bones, onion, and carrots. Bake, uncovered, about 1 hour or until the bones are well browned, turning occasionally.
Drain off fat. Place the browned bones, onion, and carrots in a large soup pot or Dutch oven. Pour 1/2 cup water into the roasting pan and scrape pan. Pour this liquid into soup pot.
Scrub the potatoes and chop into chunks, peel and all. Chop the celery stalks into thirds. Add celery, tomato, potato, peppercorns, parsley (including stems), bay leaf, salt, thyme, and garlic to the pot. Pour in the 16 cups (or more) of water.
Bring mixture to a boil. Skim of any scum that comes to the top. Reduce heat. Simmer for 5 hours.(Should see little to no bubbles but movement under the surface). Strain stock, once with fine strainer and once with cheesecloth. Discard meat, vegetables, and seasonings.
To clarify stock for clear soup: In order to remove solid flecks that are too small to be strained out with cheesecloth, combine  1/4 cup cold water, 1 egg white, and 1 crushed eggshell. Add to strained stock. Bring to a boil. Remove from heat, and let stand 5 minutes. Strain again through a sieve lined with cheesecloth.
Let cool to room temperature and then refrigerate. Fats (tallow) will raise to the top and solidify so it can easily be removed in pieces.

Submitter: 
judy2304
Description: 
The meaty beef bones and vegetables are oven roasted before beginning this rich hearty beef stock seasoned with black pepper, bay leaf and thyme.Modified from: Basic Beef Stock
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
24-72 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
