URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63425802/slovak-perohy-perogie/
Title:
Slovak Perohy (Perogie) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/927042.jpg
Ingredients:
8 medium Red Potatoes (about 3.5 - 4 lbs) pealed and cubed for mashing
2 x 8 oz Longhorn style Colby Cheese cut in small pieces or shredded
6 Cups A/P Flour (more for dusting)
6 Large Eggs  beaten
1 1/2 C water
3 teaspoons Kosher salt (more for potatoes to taste)
1 teaspoon ground Nutmeg (fresh)
4 sticks of butter, browned (one stick per 20 perohies)
Diced onions (optional)

Directions:
Boil potatoes until they are mashable. Drain, add cheese and mash until well blended. Salt to taste and let cool.Blend the rest of the DRY ingredients until well mixed. Add beaten eggs and mix. Slowly add water and continue to mix until a ball forms. (It will be a bit sticky). Flour a clean surface and kneed dough around 15-20 minutes adding more flour as necessary. Form into a ball, wrap in plastic wrap and let rest 30 minutes.
Cut dough into 4 pieces and wrap 3 in plastic to prevent drying.
Roll out 4th piece of dough on slightly floured surface, thin about 1/8". You will cut into 2" x 2" squares (about 3 fingers wide is 2"). I prefer a 1 1/2' long by about 6" wide. If dough retracts when rolling out, let it rest 10 more minutes and try again.
Cut the dough into approximately 2" x 2" squares with pastry cutter. (the end pieces can be used but wont be in the same shape.) The dough will stick to the surface and you should use a pastry board scrapper to pull one piece off at a time. Spoon some potato mixture into the center (the side of the dough that is scrapped from the board is usually the stickiest and is the side you should put the potato into); fold  over like a hot dog in a bun and pinch the dough to seal. Dust one side of the perohy lightly  with flour  & place on parchment paper so it wont stick. Repeat with remaining squares of dough until all are made. Unless you plan to cook all of these at the present time, you can lay them flat in the freezer, be sure they do not touch each other as they will stick together. Then repeat process with remaining three pieces of dough.

Submitter: 
gregoryz
Description: 
This is my grandmother's recipe. She was Slovak and Hungarian and spelled them perohy. She and my mom would make a huge batch and it would take them most of the day. It was an event and my brothers and sisters and I would be so excited knowing we would have some tasty perohies at the end of the day! This recipe can easily be halved or quartered.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
4 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
