URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63426053/ham-rivlet-soup/
Title:
Ham Rivlet Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 gal.ham stock
6-8 med. potatoes (diced)
2 med. onions (diced)
1 stick butter
Salt and pepper
1/2 gal. milk
2 c. flour
1/2 tsp. salt
3 eggs

Directions:
To make the ham stock,after cooking a large ham and cutting off all the edible meat, keep the remains in the pan and add water enough to almost cover the bone and whats left of the ham. Add a couple cloves, whole black pepper corns, a cut onion with the peel on and celery stalk and leaves. Boil for about an hour or two until the color is a rich redish brown. Strain the liquid into a bowl and chill overnight, then scoop the fat from the top. The stock will be jelly like, that's good stuff!
For the soup: Cover potatoes and onions with ham stock. Add butter. Cook until tender. Do not drain. Add milk and bring to a boil.
For rivlets (aka little dumpling like noodles): Stir together flour and salt. Beat eggs in a small bowl. Then drop in teh center of the in flour mixture. Slowly mix eggs into the flour just until all the flour is clumped into little mishaped dough balls. The rivlets shouldn't be much bigger then a thumbnail. All the pieces should be floury. Dribble into boiling soup. Cover and cook 12 to 15 minutes.
Add salt and pepper to taste before serving.

Submitter: 
Sweet_CarolineS
Description: 
This is a recreation of my grandmother's rivlet soup, a comfort food for my mom when she was a child.  This is a great way to fully use your Christmas ham that will make the home smell wonderful and keep bellies warm. The rich broth and hearty potatoes and ham make this a satisfying dinner and can feed a large house full of guests (and is quite inexpensive). The rivlets are my favorite part, they are like snowflake shaped dumplings.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
40
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
