URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63424780/sticky-buns/
Title:
Sticky Buns Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Dough:
1 cup scaled (then cooled) whole milk
1 1/2 pkg active dry yeast
6 TBSP softened butter
6 TBSP white sugar
1 1/2 tsp salt
6 cups all purpose flour
1 egg (beaten)
Caramel:
1 1/2 cup brown sugar
3/4 cup butter
3 TBSP light Karo Syrup
5 cups broken pecans
1 cup cinnamon/sugar mixture

Directions:
In a large mixing bowl combine softened butter, sugar, salt, scaled milk, 2 cups of flour and beaten egg.  Mix well on high with dough attachment for 4 minutes.  Add 2 cups of flour and knead until thoroughly mixed.  Add an additional 2 cups of flour and knead until stiff.  Place in greased bowl, turning ball to cover with grease.  Cover with damp towel and let rise in warm location for at least 30 minutes.
While dough is rising combine brown sugar,  3/4 cup butter and Karo in saucepan.  Heat until sugar dissolves, then boil hard for 1 minute.  Pour caramel evenly into 4 pie plates (dark glass work best) and sprinkle broken pecans pieces on top.  Set aside.  This step can be done up to a day in advance.
Once the dough has risen, punch down and divide in halves.  On a floured surface roll each half (one at a time) into a 9 x 12 rectangle.  Spread softened butter on the dough and generously sprinkle on cinnamon/sugar mixture.  Roll dough along the long axis tightly.  Seal the ends by pinching.  Cut off the short ends and then cut 1 inch thick slices.  Place slices on top of caramel and pecans in the pie plates (6 to each plate).  Cover with damp cloth and let rise in warm place for at least 30 minutes.
Bake in preheated over at 350-375 degrees for 15 minutes.  Do not let the caramel burn and the buns are done when the tops are golden brown and the caramel turns dark brown.  Remove plates from oven and allow to cool for 3 minutes and then then place heavy duty paper plate on top of pie place and carefully flip the pie plate over and lift the pie plate off the buns.  Rearrange pecans while caramel is still hot.  Set on cooling racks to cool.

Submitter: 
Bmlove
Description: 
These are melt in your mouth goodness.  Sweet buns topped with caramel and pecans...

All the teachers love getting these as their holiday presents.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m plus rising
Ready in:
2.5 hrs
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
