URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63424350/lemon-blueberry-pull-apart-bread/
Title:
Lemon Blueberry Pull Apart Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 batch sweet roll dough (from Betty Crocker Cookbook)
1/2 cup granulated sugar
3 tablespoons finely grated lemon zest (3 lemons)
1 tablespoon finely grated orange zest
2 ounces unsalted butter, melted
1 cup fresh blueberries
Tangy Cream Cheese Icing
3 ounces cream cheese, softened
1/3 cup powdered sugar
1 tablespoon whole milk
1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice

Directions:
make lemon sugar first.  Mix sugar, lemon zest and orange zest. and set aside.
preheat oven to 350 F.  Grease a 9x5 loaf pan.
Roll the dough into a 20x12 rectangle. Using a pastry brush, brush the melted butter liberally over the dough.  Using a pizza cutter, cut the dough into 5 strips, about 12x4 inches each.  Sprinkle 1 1/2 tblsp. of the lemon sugar over each of the strips.   Stack the strips one on top the other until you have a stack of 5 buttered, sugared strips.
Slice the stack crosswise into 6 equal rectangles.  Carefully transfer the stacks into the loaf pan, side by side, cut sides up.  Gently place a few blueberries between each slice of dough.  Loosely cover the pan with plastic wrap and let the dough rise in a warm place until almost doubled in size, 30 to 50 minutes.
Bake until golden brown, about 30-35 minutes.  Transfer to a wire rack and let cool in the pan for 10 minutes.
Make cream cheese frosting:  Beat the cream cheese and powdered sugar in a medium bowl until smooth.  Then add the lemon juice and milk.  Stir until creamy and smooth.  Carefully release the loaf from the pan.  Frost with the cream cheese frosting.  Sprinkle with remaining blueberries.

Submitter: 
craftmomma
Description: 
adapted from a recipe found at lepetitbrioche.blogspot.com
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
3 hrs
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
9
Nutritional Facts:
NA
