URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63420533/ellie-mays-homemade-pizza-dough/
Title:
Ellie May's Homemade Pizza Dough Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 envelope dry yeast
1/2 teaspoon white sugar
2/3 cup hot water at 115 degrees
1-3/4 cups bread flour + 1/4 cup
1/4 cup cornmeal + sprinkle for pizza stone
1-1/2 teaspoons coarse salt (kosher or sea, not commercial salt)
2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, room temperature.

Directions:
Combine sugar, water and yeast in small bowl; stir, let sit until foamy (10 minutes).
In warmed, large bowl: combine 1-3/4 cups bread flour, cornmeal, salt and oil. Add yeast liquid. Knead in bowl, or use heavy-duty mixer dough hook, for 4-5 minutes to mix until smooth and elastic.
Turn dough out on lightly floured surface. If dough is very sticky, add scant amount of flour: dry dough makes a crispier crust. Knead by hand 2 minutes, form dough into rough ball.
Warm a fresh, large glass bowl, coat lightly with olive oil. Place dough in bowl; turn to coat with oil.
Cover bowl with a clean, hot, wet hand-towel and set in draft-free warm place (80-85 degrees) to rise.
Check after 1 hour: push 2 knuckles deep into dough. If impressions remain and you hear a whoosh when you push, it is ready (doubled).
Place on lightly floured surface; let dough rest for 10-15 minutes.
Chop dough in half for two 10 inch pizzas.
Quickly form 1 dough piece into rough ball, and roll out from the middle, moving dough in circles to keep uniform thickness and shape until about 10 inches in diameter. (Fold edge over for small lip, if sauce will be used, to corral liquid.)
Place your new pizza crust on a waxed-paper sheet and repeat rolling instructions with other dough piece.
Keep 2 pizza crusts separated by wax paper; place in refrigerator if not using immediately. If freezing, refrigerate 1 hour first.
When ready to assemble, bring crusts to room temperature.
Place pizza stone in oven and set for 500 degrees.
Sprinkle pizza peel with additional cornmeal. Place crust on peel. Assemble toppings onto crust. Slide pizza from peel to heated pizza stone.
Bake pizza at 500 degrees on stone for 10-12 minutes or until cheese in middle is bubbling.

Submitter: 
ellie may
Description: 
Easy step-by-step details for the yeast-novice! 
Pizza dough preferences are personal. This one is for those who appreciate New York City Thin and Crispy Crust, with the emphasis on the toppings rather than a doughy crust. A pizza stone is a great investment if you want the best results! Make sure you let the stone pre-heat WITH the oven. A wooden pizza peel is nice too, you can assemble the pizza on the peel with a little cornmeal on the bottom, then easily slide it off onto the pizza stone; this makes me feel like an expert.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
