URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63420769/chile-rellenos-w-roasted-tomato-salsa/
Title:
Chile Rellenos W/ Roasted Tomato Salsa Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/924380.jpg
Ingredients:
For Chiles:
3 Poblano Chiles
3/4 Cup flour
1 Tspn season salt
1 Tspn pepper
3 egg white
3 egg yolks
1-1/2 Cups of Shredded cheese Blend (I used monterrey jack and queso fresco)
I cup vegetable oil
Roasted tomato salsa:
6 roma tomatoes, cut in half
1/2 green bell peppers sliced into strips
1/2 white onion, quartered
6 garlic clove minced
1 jalapenos, sliced in half and seeds removed
1 Tablespoon Chopped cilantro
1 Tspn cumin
1/2 Tspn salt or to taste
1/4 Tsp cayenne
2-3 Tablespoons olive oill
1 chicken Boullion Cube
1-1/2 Cups of water

Directions:
Chiles:
First take the Poblano Chiles and roast them on a cormal or griddle until the skin turns black and bubbly on all sides (you may broil them if you dont have a griddle). Once the skins are charred and black on all sides place them on a plate and set it in a paper bag for about 10 minutes. While they are cooling take pour about 3/4 cup flour into a bowl/dish to start with, add a little salt and pepper and mix then and set it aside.
Turn oven to broil. On a baking sheet set tomatoes, onion, jalapeno, bell peppers and garlic; coat them with the olive oil. Place them into the oven and roast them until fragrant and tender, you will have to watch them because the onion, bell peppers, jalapeno and garlic will be done before the tomatoes. While there broiling In a pot add 1 cup of water and chicken bouillon cube, bring to boil. Place them into the blender as there done roasting. Then roast tomatoes until there charred, then place them into the blender. Add cilantro and 1/2 cup of water, cumin cayenne and salt; belnd until smooth. Then pour mixture into pot with chicken boiullon and water Simmer until thickened, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat and cover until ready to use.
Then take a bowl and put 2 egg whites only in it and whip with blender until it is white and fluffy (5minutes, about) then keep whipping it and add the yolk in there one at a time, whip those in a couple more minutes. In a frying pan heat about 1 cup of vegetable oil on med heat.
See notes for rest of directions (not enough room).

Submitter: 
Sherbear1
Description: 
This is a traditional meal in Mexico. Roasting everything may be a little time consuming but worth it in the end. I like to serve mine with rice and some queso fresco sprinkled on top.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
45
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
