URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63429854/chicken-and-dumplings--its-comfort-food-made-with-love-very-simple--hardest-part-is-dumplings-but-so-much-better-than-using-store-bought-biscuits-or-jiffy-mix/
Title:
Chicken and Dumplings- It's comfort food , made with love! Very simple- hardest part is dumplings but so much better than using store bought biscuits or Jiffy mix! Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/928970.jpg
Ingredients:
1 Whole Fryer Chicken
2 16 oz cans Chicken Broth
1 Cup of Buttermilk
2 Cups of Self Rising Flour
Salt and Pepper to Taste
Optional:
Chopped Onion and or Celery, 1/2 - 1 cup each

Directions:
Place whole chicken in 8 qt Stock Pot and fill with water till covered.
Bring to a boil and reduce heat to low for 1 1/2 hr
Remove chicken to cool and reserve liquid broth in pot.
When chicken has cooled, 20-30 minutes, de-bone and place meat back into pot.
Add the 2 cans of broth and optional ingredients, if desired, and seasoning ( salt and pepper ) to taste and bring back to low boil/simmer while you make the dumplings.
On a large counter surface, place a small pile of all the flour and use your finger to make a small depression in the center. Pour in half the buttermilk and push flour into liquid from sides as it is absorbed and dough starts forming. As you mix, continue to drizzle remaining buttermilk over flour until it is all absorbed then knead dough until smooth. Spead some additional flour on the counter the size of a large pizza with dough in center and start rolling it out until it is as thin as you can get it- the thickness of an egg noodle or so. It should be the size of a large pizza when done. Be generous with the flour to keep dough from sticking to counter and rolling pin. Then use a knife or pizza cutter and cut the dough into strips about an inch or so wide and then cross ways a couple of inches long.
Bring pot back to a med boil and slowly start adding the dumpling pieces, a few at a time, and gently stirring into your stock pot. The liquid will start being absorbed by the dumplings and thickening as you stir. Cook for an additional 30 minutes or so at a low boil/simmer until the desired consistency is reached. It will continue to thicken over time- especially any leftovers. Serve with salad and/or corn bread. Ladle into bowl or onto plate depending on how thick or thin you like it. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Ron Turner
Description: 
This is a recipe handed down from my Mom who grew up on a farm in Arkansas. It's comfort food- good for a cold winter day. I like to serve it with corn bread and a garden salad with home made Ranch Buttermilk Dressing.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
