URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63427219/chocolate-cream-pie/
Title:
Chocolate Cream Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Crust:
1/3 cup melted butter
1 1/2 cup crushed graham crackers (10-12)
1/4 cup white sugar
Pie:
2½ cups half-and-half
Pinch salt
1/3 cup granulated sugar, divided
2 tablespoons cornstarch
6 egg yolks, at room temperature
6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cold and cut into 6 pieces
6 ounces semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped
1 ounce unsweetened chocolate, finely chopped
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Topping:
1½ cups heavy cream
4½ teaspoons granulated sugar
½ teaspoon vanilla extract

Directions:
To make the crust, preheat the oven to 375.  Melt the butter in a small bowl.  Process the graham crackers in a food processor into fine crumbs.  Add to the butter and sugar; Press into a 9 inch pie plate and up sides.  Cook 8-10 minutes, or until slightly brown.  Remove to cool while making filling.
Bring the half-and-half, salt and 3 tablespoons of the sugar to a simmer in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon to dissolve the sugar. Stir together the remaining sugar and cornstarch in a small bowl. Whisk the yolks thoroughly in a medium bowl for about 30 seconds, until slightly thickened. Add the cornstarch mixture and whisk until the mixture is glossy and the sugar has begun to dissolve, about 1 minute. When the half-and-half reaches a full simmer, drizzle about ½ cup hot half-and-half over the yolks, whisking constantly to temper; then whisk the egg yolk mixture into the simmering half-and-half. Return to a simmer, whisking constantly, until 3 or 4 bubbles burst on the surface and mixture is thickened and glossy, about 15 seconds longer.
Off the heat, whisk in the butter until incorporated; add the chopped chocolate and whisk until melted, scraping the bottom of the pan with a rubber spatula to fully incorporate. Stir in the vanilla, then immediately pour the filling through a fine-mesh sieve set over a bowl. Using a spatula, scrape the strained filling into the baked and cooled crust. Press plastic wrap directly on the surface of the filling and refrigerate the pie until the filling is cold and firm, at least 4 hours or overnight.

Submitter: 
Paula Todora (Paula T)
Description: 
I added this to my Thanksgiving pie list this year, and it was gone before any other pie was-so creamy and wonderful.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
