URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63420194/grilled-bacon-wrapped-scallops/
Title:
Grilled Bacon-Wrapped Scallops Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup Captain Morgan's Spiced Rum
1/3 cup honey
1/3 cup fresh lime juice
1 teaspoon sea salt
1 lb. large sea scallops (10-12 IU)
10-12 thick slices smoked bacon
freshly cracked black pepper to taste

Directions:
Mix rum, honey, juice and salt in a non-reactive bowl until salt crystals dissolve and honey is well mixed. Rinse and pat dry scallops. Add scallops to marinade,  cover and refrigerate. Marinate for at least 1 hour but no longer than 2 hours, stirring and flipping scallops, twice or more.
Soak toothpicks, 2 per scallop.
Remove and dry scallops onto a paper towel, and discard marinade.
Wrap a slice of bacon around each scallop and secure with soaked toothpicks. Preheat grill to medium-high heat.
Place scallops directly onto hot and oiled grill grate, bacon side to the fire. Rotate quickly until bacon is crispy all the way around: this will take no longer than 2 minutes total.
Then place scallops flat on grill each side for 1 minute or until slightly firm to the touch. Total cooking time is about 5-6 minutes.
Plate scallops with a small twist of freshly cracked black pepper on top.

Submitter: 
ellie may
Description: 
Originally known as Apostles on Horseback; this recipe comes from Steve Raichlen, but I tweaked ingredients to create a personal fave around my house. The rich flavor does not need additional spices; this is one of the few recipes that I DON'T add garlic! As written, you can serve as appetizers for four or dinner for two; there is plenty of marinade if you want to grill 2 lbs. of giant sea scallops to create a meal for four. Just make sure you have enough bacon slices to wrap all the scallops!Modified from: Grilled Bacon Wrapped Scallops
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
up to 2-1/2 h.
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
