URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63434662/pumpkin-cream-oreo-cupcakes/
Title:
Pumpkin-Cream Oreo Cupcakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/930952.jpg
Ingredients:
FOR THE CRUST:
32 whole Original Oreo Cookies
8 Tablespoons Butter, Melted
FOR THE FILLING:
24 ounces, weight Cream Cheese, Softened
1 can 15 ounce 100% pure Pumpkin
1 cups Granulated Sugar
1 teaspoons Vanilla Extract
1/2 teaspoons Ground Cinnamon
1/4 teaspoons Ground Nutmeg
FOR THE CREAM:
1 cup Heavy Cream
6 Tablespoons Granulated Sugar
1/2 teaspoons Vanilla Extract
Chopped And Toasted Walnuts, For Garnish (optional)

Directions:
For the crust, in a food processor, the entire oreo cookies. Pour in melted butter and pulse to mix. Spoon mixture into muffin cups that you place in muffin tin and press mixture down into bottom.  Place into the refrigerator.
Remove muffin cups from tin and place on pan or into two 13 x 9 baking dish (this will make it easier to plate when you serve)
For the filling, in a large bowl, whip cream cheese until smooth. Stir in pumpkin puree, sugar, vanilla and spices. Whip 1 minute on high. Scrape sides and mix again another 15 seconds or so until smooth. Divide mixture evenly between muffin cups and smooth the tops. Return to the refrigerator.
For the cream, whip cream with sugar and vanilla until stiff peaks form. Divide evenly between the muffin cups and spread over top. Sprinkle with toasted walnuts. Store in the freezer until ready to serve, remove 1/2 hour before serving.

Submitter: 
A Healthy Life For Me
Description: 
I served these at our Thanksgiving party.  To say they were a hit would be an understatement.  One guest said it was an orgasm in his mouth (he even moaned a few times), I wasn’t sure what to say but there was a rush to the dessert tray and my other poor cupcakes were quickly overlooked.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
