URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63432037/homemade-flour-tortilla-chips/
Title:
Homemade Flour Tortilla Chips Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 cups all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoons baking powder
2 tablespoons shortening
1 1/2 cups water
2 tablespoons oil
coarse salt for seasoning chips

Directions:
1. In a medium sized mixing bowl, whisk together 4 cups flour, 1 tsp. salt, and 2 tsp. baking powder until well mixed. Using your hands combine shortening with flour mixture until it is the consistency of corn meal. Using a faucet, bring water to warm and slowly mix in with the flour mixture. Mix until the dough all comes together.
2. Next, place dough on a lightly floured surface and knead for a few minutes. Divide dough into 24 equal pieces and place on a spare plate and cover with a slightly dampened towel
3. Heat a medium sized skillet to medium high heat.
4. On a floured surface, take each dough ball and flatten out with a well floured rolling pin. Should be paper thin! Transfer to hot skillet and cook until slightly browned, will bubble. Flip and cook both sides Approx. 30-45 seconds per side.
5. Keep in a warmed tortilla container or warm plate. Until ready to use as tortilla or to begin making chips.
6. Once all of your tortillas are ready, preheat oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit.
7. On a cutting board, use a pastry brush to lightly brush oil onto each tortilla, stacking as you go. Once you have about 10 stacked, using a sharp knife, cut through the tortillas making 4 cuts to make 8 even chips.
8. On a large baking sheet, arrange cut tortilla chips in a single layer. Season with coarse salt. Bake for 11-13 minutes until they begin to turn slightly golden brown on the edges. Let cool and repeat for remaining tortillas.
9. Serve with salsa, cheese dip, guacamole, hummus, or one of my favorites…sun-dried tomato & feta cheese dip!

Submitter: 
Vincent Appel
Description: 
A modified flour tortilla recipe makes awesome chips. Serve with salsa, cheese dip, guacamole, hummus, or sun-dried tomato & feta cheese dip.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35 mins.
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
