URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63433956/candied-jalapenos/
Title:
Candied Jalapenos Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2886350.jpg
Ingredients:
3 pounds Firm, Fresh Jalapeno Peppers, Washed
(you can use sliced nacho Jalapenos as long as they are not pickled in vinegar)
1 or 2 red bell pepper for color
2 cups Cider Vinegar
6 cups White Granulated Sugar
½ teaspoons Turmeric
½ teaspoons Celery Seed
3 teaspoons Granulated Garlic
1 teaspoon Ground Chipotle Pepper

Directions:
Clean, wash, and slice the peppers into uniform 1/8-1/4 inch rounds. Set aside.
In a large pot, bring cider vinegar, white sugar, turmeric, celery seed, granulated garlic and chipotle pepper to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 5 minutes.
Add the pepper slices and simmer for exactly 4 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to transfer the peppers, loading into clean, sterile canning jars to within 1/4 inch of the upper rim of the jar.
Turn heat up under the pot with the syrup and bring to a full rolling boil. Boil hard for 6 minutes.
Use a ladle to pour the boiling syrup into the jars over the jalapeno slices. Insert a cooking chopstick to the bottom of the jar two or three times to release any trapped pockets of air. Adjust the level of the syrup if necessary. Wipe the rims of the jars with a clean, damp paper towel and fix on new, two-piece lids to finger-tip tightness.
You can store them in the fridge or can them.
To can, place jars in a canner and cover with water by 2-inches. Bring the water to a full rolling boil. When it reaches a full rolling boil, set the timer for 10 minutes for half-pints or 15 minutes for pints. Add 1 additional minute for each additional 1000 feet of altitude above sea level.
Allow to mellow for at least two weeks, but preferably a month before eating.

Submitter: 
Tomas Weaver
Description: 
these are great on everything from Burgers to appetizers. Very easy to make and are great gifts. A nice change from Jellies and Jams.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
2 weeks
Number of servings: 
150
Nutritional Facts:
NA
