URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63433939/sweet-potato-corn-bread-gluten-free/
Title:
Sweet Potato Corn Bread Gluten Free Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 large organic free-range eggs
1/2 cup extra light olive oil or vegetable oil
3/4 cup sweet potato puree
3/4 cup organic light brown sugar, packed
1 teaspoon bourbon vanilla extract
1 cup Bob's Red Mill gluten-free stone ground cornmeal
1 cup Pamela's Ultimate Baking Mix - (or your own flour mix with 1/2 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, and a good pinch of sea salt added)
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon GF Pumpkin Pie Spice blend
Sea salt, to taste

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350ºF. Grease the bottom of a 8-inch cake pan and dust it with cornmeal. I used a Springform pan.
In a large mixing bowl, whisk the eggs until foamy; add the oil; whisk again to combine. Add in the sweet potato puree and mix well. Add the light brown sugar, and bourbon vanilla extract, and mix to combine.
In a separate mixing bowl whisk together the dry ingredients: cornmeal, gluten-free flour mix, baking powder, cinnamon, Pumpkin Pie Spice blend, and sea salt.
Using a rubber spatula or wooden spoon, add the dry ingredients into the wet; and stir by hand just enough to make a smooth batter.
Pour the batter into the prepared cake pan.
Bake on a center rack in the preheated oven for about 45 minutes or so, until the cornbread is firm to the touch and golden. Check with a wooden pick, if necessary; if it emerges clean, the cornbread is done. [Remember, Dear Reader, I bake at high altitude, so please use your own tried-and-true guidelines for baking times.]
Cool the cornbread in the pan- on a wire rack- for ten minutes. Remove from the pan and continue to cool.
Serve slightly warm with a dab of your favorite butter or buttery spread.

Submitter: 
Keep it Tasty
Description: 
This is so moist and tasty with your favorite chili or even puttenesa sauce.  Yummy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
60 min.
Ready in:
1 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
