URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63436660/chipotle-barbacoa/
Title:
Chipotle Barbacoa Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/931826.jpg
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons lime juice
4 chipotle peppers in adobo sauce
1 serrano pepper chopped (optional)
1/3 cup apple cider
4-6 cloves garlic (peeled)
4 teaspoons cumin
2.5 teaspoons oregano
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground cloves
1-2 tablespoons cayenne pepper (optional)
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
2-3 lbs chuck roast
1 cup chicken broth
1 small onion finely chopped
3 bay leaves

Directions:
In a food processor or blender combine lime juice, chipotle peppers, serrano pepper, apple cider, whole garlic cloves, cumin, oregano, black pepper, garlic powder, salt, ground cloves and cayenne pepper. Blend until smooth. Reserve for later.
Trim excess fat off of chuck roast. Cut into 4-6 smaller pieces.
In a frying pan heat oil gradually to medium/high heat. When I say gradually I mean start at low heat and work your way to medium/high heat so your oil does not begin to burn and smoke up your whole house. (Don't ask how I know this). When your pan is ready sear the beef chunks for 5-10 seconds on every side.
Dump beef into a slow cooker and pour reserved chipotle marinade over the meat. Pour chicken broth over meat and add chopped onions and bay leaves.
Cook meat in slow cooker for 6-8 hours.
Before serving shred meat with 2 forks. You can either continue to heat on low or serve with corn or flour tortillas.
Serve with lime cilantro rice (from this website), black beans, pico de gallo, guacamole, cheese, lettuce, and sour cream.
Garnish with cilantro.

Submitter: 
Dani_Dizzle
Description: 
This is as close to 'Big Chain' barbacoa meat I have ever made! It is full of intense flavors such as garlic, cayenne, and sweet, smoky chipotle. Make sure you scale down on the cayenne and serrano if you can't handle heat because this recipe is packin' lots of it!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
