URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63443507/authentic-shrimp-and-egg-gumbo/
Title:
Authentic Shrimp and Egg Gumbo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/934838.jpg
Ingredients:
2 quarts salted chicken broth
4 quarts water
1/2 cup green onion bulbs (white only), finely chopped
2 1/2 tsp salt
1/2 tsp black pepper
1/2 tsp red pepper
1 1/2 cup vegetable oil
1 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1 1/2 large onions, diced
1/2 bell pepper, chopped
1 stalk celery, chopped
2 cloves garlic, minced
2 lbs small-medium shrimp
2 Tbs fresh parsley, chopped fine
12 hard boiled and peeled eggs
1 cup green onion tops (greens only), finely chopped
12 cups steamed white rice
filé powder - optional
Tabasco - optional

Directions:
Prepare all ingredients before starting to cook.
In a large 3-4 quart gumbo or soup pot, bring to a boil water, chicken broth, green onion whites, salt, and peppers.
To make the roux:
On high heat, in a heavy castiron skillet, heat oil to hot  (CAUTION:  VERY, VERY HOT).  Carefully stir in flour and cook on medium-high heat - (flour has moisture which will release steam when added to the hot oil. Careful of steam burns).
Stir constantly as roux thickens and becomes the color of an old penny (~6-8 minutes).
Remove from heat, then immediately stir in onions, bell pepper, celery, and garlic,letting onions continue to fry in hot roux for about 2 minutes more.
Add garlic and stir until fragrant (~30 seconds).
Thoroughly stir roux mixture into the broth mixture.  Simmer on LOW for 30-45 minutes.  Stir occasionally to keep bottom of pot from sticking.
Raise heat to medium high.
Stir in the shrimp.  Cook for 10 minutes.
Add parsley, eggs, and half of the green onions.
Turn heat off and let pot cool for about 5 minutes to allow grease float to the top.  Skim off and discard grease.
Serve gumbo over rice like a soup.
Garnish with green onions.
Add filé powder and Tabasco if desired.

Submitter: 
Wonder Becky
Description: 
I make my husband's favorite gumbo when it gets cold outside. Traditionally served with potato salad on the side.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
2 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
