URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63442908/ellie-mays-loaded-brownies/
Title:
Ellie May's Loaded Brownies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup real butter
4 squares unsweetened baking chocolate
1 and 3/4 cup white sugar
4 large eggs
2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract
1 cup all-purpose flour
2 cups Ghirardelli Bittersweet Chocolate 60% Cacao Baking Chips
1-2 cups chopped walnuts/pecans

Directions:
Butter a 13 x 9 glass baking dish.
In a small bowl, whisk eggs and vanilla lightly. Set aside to come to room temperature (about 1/2 hour).
In medium saucepan over very low heat, stir butter and baking squares together until just melted. Remove from heat.
Immediately add sugar to chocolate/butter saucepan and stir well until mixed; it will be grainy. Set aside until at room temperature (about 1/2 hour).
In the meantime, preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Add egg/vanilla mix to chocolate/butter/sugar mix in saucepan, and stir hard to make a full-bodied batter, for 30-60 seconds.
Add flour, mix well for 60 seconds, scraping sides.
Add chocolate chips and nuts, mix until just stirred.
Pour and smooth batter into 13 x 9 buttered baking dish.
Bake at 350 degrees for 30-35 minutes.
Turn off oven and leave brownies inside for 5 minutes. Do not open oven door.
Cool well before cutting.

Submitter: 
ellie may
Description: 
I have had many recipes in the past 3 years that I have submitted. Only once has a recipe made it thru the Kitchen Approval. I was one of the first you contacted when you needed help, but since I was not able to use processed food in my recipes, I was dumped from the Ambassador Program. I do not cook for kids, I do not use Chicken Breast Stumps in my cooking, nor any other crappy cans, soups, and processed food; Sorry! 
Can you maybe take a look at what I have submitted and finally approve or toss?
I would appreciate your consideration.
Thanks,
Elaine Schramm
Ellie May
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h.
Ready in:
2 h.
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
