URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63445687/butternut-squash-soup/
Title:
Butternut Squash Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 oz. bacon
1 yellow onion, chopped
1 tsp. sugar
1 clove garlic, minced
1 sprig fresh sage leaves
3-1/4 c. chicken broth
1 medium (about 2 pound) butternut squash, organic if possible
1-1/2 Tbs. Marsala wine or cooking sherry
salt and fresh ground pepper
1/4 c. heavy cream
Sour cream for garnish

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees,
Split squash into two halves and remove seeds.  Bake, cut side down, in a pan with 1" of water in the bottom.  The pan should be large enough to allow both halves to lie flat.  Cook until squash is soft when pierced with a knife, 30 - 45 minutes.  Remove from the oven and cool.  Once the squash has cooled, scoop pulp from skin with a spoon and set aside.  This step can be done well in advance.
In stockpot over medium heat, cook bacon until the fat is rendered out and the bacon is crispy.  Remove bacon and drain on paper towel; if desired crumble for later use as garnish.  You should have 1 to 1-1/2 Tbs of bacon fat remaining in stockpot; remove any excess.
Add onion and sugar to bacon fat and cook until tender, stirring occaisionally,8-10 minutes.  Add garlic and sage sprig and cook, stirring, 1 minute.  Add broth and reserved squash; simmer 10-15 minutes.
Remove sage sprig and discard.  Reduce heat and add Marsala or cooking sherry; season with salt and pepper as desired.  Simmer 3 minutes and remove from heat.
Using immersion blender, puree until smooth, then whisk in cream.  Ladle soup into warm bowls and garnish with sour cream and if desired bacon bits.  Serve with fresh bread for a light meal.

Submitter: 
Chris D. Williams
Description: 
This squash soup is so delicious that I keep a sage plant for this recipe alone.  With a loaf of fresh bread, it makes a great fall meal, especially if you are able to get organic or farmstand squash.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
