URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63445573/apricot-glazed-turkey-with-fresh-herb-gravy/
Title:
Apricot Glazed Turkey with Fresh Herb Gravy Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
TURKEY
1 16lb Turkey
1 Tablespoon canola Oil
1 lemon, halved
6 cloves garlic, crushed
6 large thyme sprigs
4 large rosemary sprigs
4 large sage sprigs
1 fresh bay leave
GLAZE
3/4 cup apricot ham
1.5 tablespoons fresh lemon juice
2 teaspoons grated lemon zest
1.5 tablespoons finely chopped sage
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
GRAVY
3 cups turkey, chicken or low-sodium chicken stock
4 tablespoons unsalted butter
1/4 cup all purpose flower
2 tablespoons chopped parsley
1 tablespoon finely chopped sage
1 teaspoon finely chopped thyme
Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper

Directions:
MAKE THE TURKEY
Remove the turkey from the refrigerator at least 30 minutes before roasting.
Preheat the oven to 350.
Pat the turkey dry.
Rub the turkey all over with oil and season it inside and out with salt and pepper.
Stuff the cavity with the lemon halves, crushed garlic, thyme, rosemary, sage and bay leaf.
Cover turkey in cheese cloth.
Place turkey down down on a V-shaped rack in a large roasting pan.
Roast turkey for 2.5 hours, until an instant read thermometer placed between the leg and thigh registers 165.
MAKE THE GLAZE
In a small bowl, mix the apricot jam, lemon juice, lemon zest, sage, and season with salt and pepper.
Microwave glaze until slightly thinned slightly, about 20 seconds.
Remove cheese cloth from turkey, and turn turkey breast side up, leaving it in the rack.
Brush the turkey with half of the glaze and roast for 15 minutes, until the skin is mahogany-colored.
Brush turkey with remaining glaze and roast for about 15 minutes longer, until the skin is deep mahogany and an instant-read thermometer inserted between the leg and thigh registers 175.
Tilt the turkey to drain the juices into the roasting pan.
Transfer turkey to a carving board and let rest for 45 minutes before carving.
MAKE THE GRAVY
Skim the fat from the drippings in the roasting pan.
Set the roasting pan over high heat and bring to a boil
Add the stock and scrap pan
In a medium sauce pan, melt butter and add the flour to make a rue.
Cook rue over moderate heat for about 2 min.
Slowly strain 3.5 cups from roasting pan into sauce pan, pausing as needed to whisk until blended.
Bring gravy to a simmer over moderately low heat, whisking until slightly thickened (~5min). Stir in parsley, sage, thyme, salt and pepper.
Transfer gravy to small pitcher to se

Submitter: 
doch83
Description: 
The gorgeous mahogany color or this roasted turkey comes from the glaze of lemon-infused apricot jam. (From Food & Wine Magazine - Nov 2008)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
