URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63448754/spring---spring-chicken-ragu---martha-stewart/
Title:
Spring - Spring Chicken Ragu - Martha Stewart Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 whole chicken breasts (1 3/4 pounds), bone in, split and skinned
Salt and freshly ground black pepper
2 teaspoons olive oil
1 3/4 cups Homemade Chicken Stock, or canned low-sodium chicken broth, skimmed of fat
4 canned plum tomatoes, seeded and quartered
12 baby carrots, peeled and trimmed
1/2 pound asparagus, trimmed and cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces
1 leek (about 6 ounces), cut into 1/4-inch rounds, well washed
1 cup shelled peas, preferably fresh
Fresh flat-leaf parsley, for garnish (optional)
Directions
Season chicken breasts with salt and pepper. Heat olive oil in a large skillet, add chicken, and cook over medium-high heat until golden brown on both sides, about 7 minutes total.
Add stock and tomatoes, bring to a boil, and cover. Cook on medium-low heat for about 20 minutes; remove chicken, and set aside.
Add carrots to skillet, and cook, covered, until almost tender, about 5 minutes. Add asparagus, leeks, and peas, and cook until all the vegetables are tender, about 5 more minutes.
Meanwhile, pull chicken from bone, and shred into large bite-size pieces. Return chicken to skillet, and cook until heated through, about 2 minutes. Garnish with sprigs of parsley, if desired

Directions:
Season chicken breasts with salt and pepper. Heat olive oil in a large skillet, add chicken, and cook over medium-high heat until golden brown on both sides, about 7 minutes total.
Add stock and tomatoes, bring to a boil, and cover. Cook on medium-low heat for about 20 minutes; remove chicken, and set aside.
Add carrots to skillet, and cook, covered, until almost tender, about 5 minutes. Add asparagus, leeks, and peas, and cook until all the vegetables are tender, about 5 more minutes.
Meanwhile, pull chicken from bone, and shred into large bite-size pieces. Return chicken to skillet, and cook until heated through, about 2 minutes. Garnish with sprigs of parsley, if desired

Submitter: 
Pam English
Description: 
What to have for Dinner series.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
