URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63444444/chocolate-chip-cookies/
Title:
Chocolate Chip Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup (2 sticks) salted butter, softened
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1-1/2 cups packed brown sugar
2 eggs
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
2-3/4 cups (12oz) all-purpose flour
3/4 teaspoon coarse sea salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
1-1/2 teaspoon baking powder
2-1/4 cups (about 12oz) chocolate chips

Directions:
Preheat oven to 360 degrees F.
Cream the butter, granulated sugar and brown sugar until fluffy (about 3 minutes on medium-high speed in a K-5 mixer).
Add both eggs and vanilla to mixing bowl and beat for an additional 2 minutes.
Add baking soda, baking powder, salt and flour to mixing bowl and beat until fully incorporated.  The dough should be fairly thick and will hold together well when at the proper consistency.
Add the chocolate chips and beat on low speed just long enough for them to be well distributed.
Line a cookie sheet with parchment baking paper.
Eyeball about 2 tablespoons of dough (or use a medium cookie scoop if you like more precision) and plop the dollop onto your parchment.
Continue this process, forming rows and columns, leaving at least two inches clearance between each mound of dough.
Place in oven and bake for 12-14 minutes, at which point the edges should become an attractive golden brown.
Remove from oven and keep the cookies on the sheet for an additional 2 minutes.
Carefully slide the parchment paper off of the baking sheet and onto a cool non-porous surface such as a counter-top.
Allow the cookies to cool there for a minimum of 3 minutes before serving.
Once the cookies have become cool and firm keep them in zip-lock bags to preserve freshness.
Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Michael St. Laurent
Description: 
Modified from a recipe by Alice Currah for Savory Sweet Life.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
