URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63442777/stuffed-red-pepper-with-quinoa-and-chickpeas/
Title:
Stuffed Red Pepper with Quinoa and Chickpeas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/934264.jpg
Ingredients:
2 Large Red Bell Peppers
2/3 cup Quinoa
1 (16 oz) can Garbanzo beans (Chickpeas) drained and rinsed
1 (16 oz) can Stewed tomatoes (I used Del Monte original recipe with onions, celery and green peppers)
¼ cup walnut pieces
½ cup golden raisins
½ tsp chili powder
¼ tsp garlic powder
1 pinch cinnamon
¼ tsp dried mint leaves
½ lemon, juiced
4 tbsp goat cheese (with honey is especially good in this), crumbled
1 bunch green onions, sliced and divided into white stems and green fronds

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 350.
2. Slice peppers lengthwise so that you have 2 long halves. Keep the stem in tact but remove the ribbing and seeds to maintain a bowl shape.
3. Cook Quinoa according to package instructions.
4. While Quinoa is cooking, pour the chickpeas into a medium size bowl. Then stir in the stewed tomatoes, lemon juice, walnut pieces, golden raisins, chili powder, garlic powder, cinnamon, mint leaves, and the chopped white stems of the green onions.
5. Stir the cooked quinoa into the medium bowl with the chickpea mixture.
6. Spread a thin layer of olive oil or cooking spray along the bottom of a large baking dish.
7. Place the 4 halves of the red pepper alongside each other with the hollow side facing up. Spoon the quinoa/chickpea mixture into the red peppers evenly. Bake for about 30 minutes, or until the red peppers are tender.
8. There will be drippings at the base of the pan. Remove the stuffed red peppers from the oven, spoon a few teaspoons of the drippings onto each one, and garnish each red pepper with 1 tbsp of crumbled goat cheese and sliced green onion. Enjoy!!

Submitter: 
Katherine
Description: 
This is a very healthy, vegetarian main course with lots of protein from the chickpeas and quinoa. The flavors in this recipe are a blend of Persian and Mediterranean. Very easy to make and super satisfying!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
