URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63447875/sargento-cheddar-stuffed-deep-fried-pickles-on-a-stick/
Title:
Sargento Cheddar Stuffed Deep Fried Pickles on a Stick Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/936515.jpg
Ingredients:
8 oz Cream Cheese
2 oz Diced Pimentos diced
1 Tsp. chopped Cilentro
2 oz mild green chilis diced
Salt and Pepper to taste
8 oz Sargento Off the Block Sharp Cheddar Shredded Cheese
10 whole med sized dill pickles
20 Large pimento stuffed Olives
10 wood 5 inch wood corn skewers

Directions:
Put Cream Cheese, Pimentos, cilantro, green chilies, mayonnaise in a mixing bowl and mix on High speed until creamy and fluffy add 1 whole 8 oz package of Sargento Off the Block Sharp Cheddar Shredded Cheese and fold it in careful to keep the texture of the creamy and the shredded cheeses distinct but well blended. Place cheese mixture into a pastry piping bag or a plastic zip lock bag with a corner snipped off.
Attach a 9/16 Drill bit to your battery power hand drill and hollow out 10 whole medium sized dill pickles being carful not to go completely through to the opposite end pickle. Place a large olive on the wood skewers and run the skewer all the way through the closed end of the pickle. Fill Pickle with cheese mixture and finish off with another olive on the skewer closing the cheese in the pickle leaving you with a large olive on both ends being held in place with the skewer and a dill pickle stuffed with this wonderful cheese.
Use a deep fried pickle batter recipe from AR. Dip and coat the pickles in batter and deep fry at 375 degrees for 5 to 7 minutes until golden brown, drain on paper towel, sprinkle with fresh ground sea salt and serve with ranch dressing or your favorite dipping sauce.

Submitter: 
Terry E.
Description: 
Would could be better for the Big Game than a Fried Pickle on a Stick!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
30
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
