URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63440660/homemade-mexican-chocolate-blend/
Title:
Homemade Mexican Chocolate Blend Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/933528.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound (about 2 1/2 cups) raw, dried cocoa beans
1 pound (2 cups) superfine sugar
1 tablespoon freshly ground canela (Mexican cinnamon 1" of 1 stick)
Tools
A molcajete (Mexican mortar and pestle) or a metate y mano
Heavy skillet or comal
Escobeta or wooden spoon
Food processor
Molinillo (for preparation)

Directions:
1. Roast and prepare the beans
Use your comal or a heavy (cast iron is best) skillet large enough to hold all the beans in one single layer. Use two skillets if necessary. Place the pan(s) over medium-low heat and roast the beans slowly for 40 minutes, stirring constantly with the escobeta or a wooden spoon. This long roasting time brings out the cocoa butter and produces a rich flavor. When the beans are properly roasted the medium-brown skins will become brittle and turn a lighter brown with darkened spots. Remove the toasted beans to a large heatproof bowl; when they are just cool enough to handle, peel off the skins by rubbing between the palms of your hands. They are easier to peel when they are still warm. (The beans can be kept warm in the preheated 175 degree oven if needed).
2. Grind the beans
Heat the blade and the workbowl of a food processor by rinsing it in very hot water for a few minutes. Dry very thoroughly before assembling the machine. Place the beans in the workbowl and process for 2 minutes, until the beans are finely ground. You should see the powder beginning to darken and look oily, a sign that the cacao butter is starting to separate; if not, continue to process for another 20 to 30 seconds. With the motor running, add the sugar and canela through the feed tube, a little at a time and process until everything is evenly combined.
If you have no mortar and pestle, the mixture will probably remain too crumbly to hold together. This is perfectly acceptable. Let cool complete and store as room temperature in a tightly covered container.

Submitter: 
Jeff Harrell
Description: 
This recipe was developed by Zarela Martinez in her book The Food and Life of Oaxaca. This blend can be used to make your own Mexican cocoa drinks such as Champurrado (chocolate Atole) or just hot chocolate.

Read more from GourmetSleuth.com:
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
40
Nutritional Facts:
NA
