URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63440133/dons-caramel-apple-pie/
Title:
Don's Caramel Apple Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/933315.jpg
Ingredients:
5 or 6 Granny Smith apples
1 Teaspoon Cinnamon
1 Teaspoon Vanilla
½ Teaspoon Nutmeg
1 Stick of Butter
3 Tablespoons Flour
½ Cup White Sugar
½ Cup Brown Sugar
¼ Cup Water

Directions:
Peel and slice the apples. Add the cinnamon, Vanilla, and nutmeg to the apples and toss to coat. Put the seasoned apples into your prepared pie crust. You can use a ready made Pillsbury crust or make your own.
The carmel sauce: In a saucepan melt 1 stick of BUTTER. (Please notice that I did NOT use the term ‘margarine’.) Add 3 Tablespoons of flour to the hot melted butter. Stir it in and then add ½ cup of white sugar, ½ cup of brown sugar and ¼ cup of water.
Bring this to a boil, reduce the heat slightly, and boil it for an additional 5 minutes. Be certain to continuously stir the caramel mixture the entire time it is cooking!
Half on the Pie: Pour 1/2 of the caramel sauce of the apples in your pie pan. Save the other half.
Top Crust: Make a lattice crust of the tope of your pie by slicing another pie crust into approximately one inch strips. Weave them together by placing vertical strips then folding alternate ones back and placing the horizontal strip. Lay the first strips back in place and lift the other alternate strips to place the next horizontal one. Easy.
Remainder of the sauce
Pour the remainder of your caramel sauce over the top of your pie letting it drip back down in through the holes in your weave. Then trim and crimp the edges.
Ready to bake: Put the pie into your preheated 425 degree oven for 15 minutes. Then reduce the heat to 350 for an additional 30 to 45 minutes.
You may want to put a cookie sheet on a lower rack under the pie as the sauce can sometimes boil over and drip off of the pie.

Submitter: 
Susan Murdoch
Description: 
This is one tasty and beautiful pie. It will be a hit with the whole family.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20-30 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
