URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63448561/rachels-baked-potato-soup-i/
Title:
Rachel's  Baked Potato Soup I Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
9 large baked potatoes, peeled and cubed
12 slices of bacon
1/3 cup & 2 tsp margarine
6 cups of milk
1 pint heavy whipping cream
1 cup of potato flakes
1 can of chicken broth
1 small yellow onion
2 celery stalks
1 carrot
4 green onions, chopped
1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese
1 cup sour cream
Salt to taste
ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Rinse the 9 potatoes and stab them with a fork three or four times on each side. Melt a 1 teaspoon of butter and glaze each potato with the butter. After they are glazed roll the potato in sea salt until it is lightly covered. Place a cookie sheet or foil on the rack below where you are going to place the potatoes. Place potatoes in the oven on 350 degrees for 1 hour. After the potatoes are done let them cool for about a half an hour or so. So you can handle them.
Meanwhile, Place bacon in a large, deep skillet. Cook over medium heat until browned. Drain, crumble, and set aside.
Peel the skin off of the potatoes. Cut the potatoes into chunks.
Cut yellow onion into small chunks. Saute it in 1 tsp of butter.
Meanwhile, shred one carrot and dice 2 stalks of celery into small chunks.
Then in a stock pot mix milk, cream, 1/3 cup of butter, and broth together.  Heat the mixture on low heat. Once the butter is melted. Stir in potatoes,carrots, celery and yellow onion. After all ingredients are mixed well add one cup of potato flakes. Salt and pepper the soup.Heat the soup over medium heat. Do not boil or it will scorch the milk. Keep a close eye on the soup stirring frequently. Let the soup simmer for about 10 minutes or so. Then turn the soup down on low. The soup will thicken up on its own.
Mix in cheese and sour cream.
Use the crumbled bacon pieces to top your soup and add some green onion too or any baked potato dressings you like.

Submitter: 
Rachel McGie
Description: 
This is a great soup to warm up with on a cold winters day.Modified from: Rachel's  Baked Potato Soup
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 h and 30 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
