URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63450595/nancys-no-knead-rolls-cinnamon-rolls/
Title:
Nancy's No-Knead Rolls / Cinnamon Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 c miilk
1 tbsp salt
3/4 c sugar
1 c butter
2 pkg yeast
1 tbsp sugar
1/8 tsp salt
3 eggs (room temperature), beaten
9 c flour

Directions:
Heat milk,  1 tbsp salt, 3/4 c. sugar and butter over medium heat until butter is melted.  Set aside to cool to warm.  Combine 1 c warm warer, 1 tbsp sugar, 1/8 tsp salt.  add yeast and let set to proof.  Add yeast mixture and beaten eggs to milk mixture in large mixing bowl (Kitchen Aid mixmaster with dough hook works great with this recipe).  Add flour gradually beating on med low speed until soft sticky dough forms a ball in the mixing bowl.  turn out on flowered surface and knead 5-10 times just to coat the dough ball so it won't stick.  Place in large greased bowl, cover and set in warm draft free place to rise toll doubled.  this dough can be formed into dinner or cinnamon rolls on cookie sheet.  Cover and let rise tilldoubled..  Bake at 350 degrees F for 15-20 minutes.
Shortcut: This saves some time.  Place  half the flour in mixing bowl.  Add the dry yeast and mix well.  For milk mixture:  combine all salt and all the sugar listed above with the milk and butter.  Heat as above.  remove from stove and add 1 cup cold water (this cools the milk mixture down faster.  Add beaten eggs.  Slowly pour all the warm milk mixture into the flour-yeast mixture and mix on med speed till smooth.  Add remaining flour until soft sticky dough ball forms and complete as above.

Submitter: 
NJHoffman
Description: 
Tender soft rolls.  This basic recipe is so versatile.  I have been making this family favorite for over 30 years.  Every Christmas I make cinnamon roll tea rings, garnished with powder sugar butter frosting, dried cherries or cranberries and sliced almonds. Baked on a foil pizza pan, wrapped in celephane and tied with wired Christmas ribbon make this an edible wreath gift family and friends love.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
