URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63458244/broccoli-rice-casserole-no-canned-soup-crockpot-recipe/
Title:
Broccoli-Rice Casserole (No Canned Soup) Crockpot Recipe Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb fresh broccoli
Juice of ½ lemon
1 small sweet yellow onion
2 cloves garlic
1 stalk celery
2 tablespoons butter
1 small package of mushrooms
1 tablespoon flour
12-ounce can 2% or regular evaporated milk (plus 2 oz since it will be standing for so long)
½ teaspoon salt
? teaspoon white pepper
2 cups Velveeta cheese (can use any cheese you like here, like cheddar, smoked Provolone or Gouda if available)
2 cups cooked rice

Directions:
Steam or microwave (about 3 minutes on HIGH) chopped broccoli until tender but still bright green. (only a minute or so)
Squeeze lemon over broccoli.
Mince broccoli stems, onion, celery, and mushrooms in food processor.
Melt butter in skillet. Add broccoli stems, onions, celery, and mushrooms and saute until softened. Add in garlic, and cook for another couple of minutes.
Stir in flour and cook about one minute to take away the raw flour taste. Whisk in milk and continue whisking until slightly thickened. Season with salt and pepper. Add 1½ cup cheese and stir to melt.
{[Microwave directions for Step 2] Add butter, onions, celery and mushrooms to 2 quart batter bowl. Cover and microwave on HIGH for 5 minutes. Add flour to vegetables and stir. Whisk in milk and cook uncovered on HIGH for 6-7 minutes. Whisk after 4 minutes and once a minute thereafter to even out the cooking. Season with salt and pepper. Add 1½ cup cheese and stir to melt. Sauce will thicken more as it sits.}
Combine broccoli, rice, and cheese sauce. Turn into a small crockpot dish prepared with non-stick spray. Heat on low until bubbly.

Submitter: 
Cori
Description: 
A more home-made take on a retro dish, made for the crockpot to free up oven space.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
