URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63458268/joan-nathans-world-famous-brisket/
Title:
Joan Nathan's World Famous Brisket Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 tsp Salt
1 tsp Pepper
1 tsp Garlic Powder
1/5 lb Brisket
2 Tbsp vegetable oil
3 large onions peeled and coarsely chopped
1/14 oz can crushed tomatoes
1/6 oz can of toamato paste
3 cups of cheap red wine
1-1/2 cups water (optional see cooking instructions)
4 stalks of celery with leaves
2 bay leaves
2 sprigs of fresh thyme
2 sprigs of fresh rosemary
6 - 8 large carrots peeled and sliced on diagonal
8 white potatoes cut into large chunks (optional: serve with potatoes only if you aren't serving latkes).

Directions:
Liberally sprinkle brisket on both sides with salt, pepper and garlic powder.
Sear the brisket in the oil and then place fat side up on top of the chopped onions in a large baking dish or dutch oven.
Pour wine and tomatoes & tomato paste over the brisket and place the celery, bay leaves, thyme and rosemary on top of the brisket.
Cover and bake for 3 hours in a preheated 325* oven.
Periodically check that the tomato sauce isn't thickening up to the point where it begins to burn.  If necessary, add up to an additional 1-1/2 cups of water a 1/2 cup at a time to make sure the tomato sauce stays liquid enough.
At the end of 3 hours, Remove brisket from the baking dish, cover with aluminum foil and allow to air cool, then place in the refrigerator until the beef is chilled all the way through.
Add potatoes to tomato sauce and cook for an hour.  Make sure there is adequate liquid in the tomato sauce to cover the potatoes.
Add the carrots and cook covered for another 30 minutes.
Place carrot, onion, tomato mixture in a large bowl, cover and allow to air cool.  Then place in the refrigerator.
Once brisket is thoroughly chilled, remove from refrigerator and thinly slice against the grain and place sliced brisket back into the baking dish.
Remove the carrot mixture from the refer and skim off the congealed fat and separate the carrot mixture from the gravy.
Place the carrot,onion and tomato mixture into the same baking dish, keeping the carrots separate from the brisket if possible.
Pour the reserved gravy over the sliced brisket.
Cover the baking dish and reheat brisket and carrots for 45 minutes in a preheated oven at 350*
When brisket is thoroughly re-heated, remove from oven and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Bill Alexander
Description: 
This is the brisket recipe I've been using for years.  I serve brisket for special family occasions and especially during Hannukah.  The brisket is a big hit when served along with hot potato latkes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
4-1/2 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
