URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63456378/authentic-greek-baklava/
Title:
Authentic Greek Baklava Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/940019.jpg
Ingredients:
Syrup:
1 1/2 c sugar
1 c water
1 thick slice of orange
1 cinnamon stick
1 shot of Whiskey or Orange Liqueur (optional)
Main Ingredients:
1 pkg Filo Dough
1/2 lb of Walnuts, raw
1/2 lb of Almonds (toasted, unsalted, no skin)
** Or 1 lb of walnuts
2 tsp Cinnamon
2 tbsp Sugar
1 stick Salter Butter, melted

Directions:
THAW Filo Dough completely before using. Leave in the refrigerator overnight or out on your counter for 1-2 hours. If you try to unroll it while frozen, it will crack.
Add water, sugar, orange slice, and cinnamon stick to small sauce pan. Bring to a boil and simmer on low until thickened, should reduce by about 25%. After the the sauce has thickened, remove from heat, add optional whiskey or liqueur, and let cool to room temperature.
Finely chop the walnuts and almonds. In a large bowl, toss nuts with cinnamon and sugar.
Preheat oven to 325. Thoroughly butter bottom and sides of a glass 9x13 baking dish.
Unroll one package of filo dough on to a cutting sheet or board. There are usually two packages in one box. Cover the dough with a very lightly dampened paper towel. This will keep the dough soft and pliable while working.
Lay down 10 sheets of filo dough in your pan. Brush the last sheet thoroughly with butter. Using a tablespoon, sprinkle your nut mixture down to make a fine layer. 2-3 tablespoons should do it.
Next, put down two layers of filo dough, butter lightly, then sprinkle more nut mixture. Continue this pattern until There are 5-6 sheets of Filo dough left.
For the top, layer 5-6 sheets of filo dough, lightly buttering EACH layer. Thoroughly butter the top layer.
With a very sharp knife, carefully cut down the long way of the pan. Then make diagonal or square cuts across the short side. Be careful not to tear the top layer of dough. Buttering the knife will help it slide through the dough more easily if you have trouble.
Bake at 325 until the top later is golden brown,  about 1 hour depending on your oven. Pour cooled sugar syrup over the top. Keep Baklava refrigerated to maintain freshness.

Submitter: 
luvs2ride1979
Description: 
This recipe was handed down to me through my grandmother, who was born in Kalamata in 1906 and immigrated to the USA in the 1920s. It is as authentic as you can get and better than any Baklava you can buy. It's a time consuming dessert to make, but worth every minute!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
