URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63466802/two-day-borshch/
Title:
Two-day Borshch Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For Broth (day one):
Beef soup bones.
Water
1 carrot
1 celery stalk
1 onion, halved
1 bay leaf
Salt to taste, rock or sea is best
Cheesecloth
For soup (day two):
1.5 lb. beef stew meat, cut into bite sized pieces
1 large beet or 2-3 small beets
3-4 potatoes, depending on size
2-3 carrots, depending on size
1 onion
1/2 head cabbage, shredded
3-6 cloves of garlic, to taste
Sour cream
Fresh Dill

Directions:
Day One:
Peel carrot and onion. Cut celery, carrot and onion in half and put in crock pot. Add soup bones, bay leaf and salt. Add water to fill pot about 2/3rds full, or to cover bones.  This recipe is for a 4-5 quart crockpot.
Cook on low for 8 hours or high for 4 hours.
Let cool, then remove all solids. You may want to strain broth through a cheesecloth.
Refrigerate overnight.
Day Two:
Take broth out and remove fat, which should be congealed on top. Place in slow cooker.
Lightly brown stew meat on stove top.  Then place in crockpot
Peel potatoes, and cut into bite-sized chunks. Place in crockpot
Peel carrots and beet and place whole in crockpot
Mince garlic and place in crockpot
Cook on low for 7.5 hours or on high for 3.5 hours
When cooking time is done, about 30 minutes before serving, you will need to remove the carrots and the beet.  Add the shredded cabbage and set on high for 30 minutes, or until cabbage is done.
Let carrots and beat cool, then shred both in food processor or by hand. Do the carrots first, because the beets will turn everything purple.
Return both to pot just before serving.  Be sure to put the shredded beets in last or they will turn brown instead of the beautiful purple color they are supposed to have.
Serving Instructions:
Garnish the soup with fresh dill weed.
Have sour cream in the table and add a spoonful to each bowl of soup, if desired.

Submitter: 
bookwurm70
Description: 
According to my Russian friends, Borshch takes 2 days to make. Day one is about making the beef broth, so it is a very easy day and worth it for the homemade broth base. I adapted this for a crockpot because I love crock pot cooking and it can cook while I'm at work.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
90 m
Ready in:
2 d
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
