URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63465577/spinach-and-mozzarella-strata/
Title:
Spinach and Mozzarella Strata Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/943899.jpg
Ingredients:
3 tbsp. unsalted butter
1½ cups yellow onion, finely chopped (can substitute 2-3 shallots or leeks, minced)
2 (10 oz.) packages fresh spinach (I got the "steam in the bag" ones from Giant and steamed them in the microwave and then threw it in at the appropriate time. Next time I will probably do 3 packages, as spinach cooks down so much)
Salt
Pepper
A few dashes of Herbs de Provence
8 cups cubed French or Italian bread, cut into 1-inch cubes (I used one Italian loaf from Whole Foods, found in the bakery section)
1 to 2 cups reduced-fat mozzarella cheese, shredded
9 large eggs
1 cup skim milk

Directions:
Melt the butter in a medium skillet over medium heat.  Add the onions to the pan and sauté until soft, about 5 minutes.  Add salt, pepper, and the herbs de Provence, and continue to cook for 1 minute more.  Stir in the spinach, remove from the heat and set aside.
Spray the inside of a 3 quart (13x9 inch) baking dish with cooking spray (I used a butter flavored cooking spray I have).  Layer the bottom of the dish with one third of the bread cubes.  Top with one third of the spinach mixture and one third of each of the cheeses.  Repeat these layers twice more with the bread, spinach and cheese.
In a medium bowl, combine the eggs, egg whites, milk, a little salt and pepper.  Whisk together until blended.  Pour the mixture evenly over the bread and spinach layered in the baking dish.  Cover with plastic wrap and chill for at least 8 hours or up to 1 day.
Remove from the refrigerator 30 minutes before baking to allow pan to get to room temperature.  Preheat the oven to 350° F.  Bake uncovered until puffed, golden brown and cooked through, 45-55 minutes.  Let stand at least 5 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Sarah
Description: 
This make ahead breakfast/ brunch dish has cheese, eggs, and nutritious value from spinach.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
