URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63467801/sausage-mushroom-cottage-pie/
Title:
Sausage & Mushroom Cottage Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/944904.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tbsp olive oil
1 leek, thinly sliced (pale green and white parts only)
1 yellow onion, thinly sliced
6 Pork Sausage links (about 1 1/2lbs, use a well-seasoned sausage of your preference)
1/2 cup of water
1/2lb red potatoes, quartered
1/2lb yukon gold potatoes, quartered
1/2 head cauliflower, separated into florets
4oz cream cheese
1Tbsp ranch seasoning
1/4cup heavy whipping cream
1 cup sliced wild mushrooms (use a mix of shitake, oysters, and portobello)
2 tbsp butter
5 tsp all purpose flour
2 tbsp dry white wine
1 tbsp fresh thyme, chopped
2 cups beef broth (from base)

Directions:
Heat olive oil in a heavy skillet over medium high heat. Add leeks, onions, and sausage links, and cook until links are browned.
Add water and reduce to medium low heat. Cover and let simmer until sausage is fully cooked.
While sausage cooks, place potatoes and cauliflower in a large stock pot. Cover with water and boil until potatoes are fork tender. Drain and mash.
Mix in cream cheese and ranch seasoning to the potato-cauliflower mash adding cream to desired consistency.  Set aside.
Remove fully cooked sausage from skillet. Add mushrooms to skillet and cook until water is mostly gone.
Remove mushroom mix from skillet.
In the same skillet, melt butter and add flour. Stir constantly until flour turns golden. Add thyme, wine and return mushroom mix to skillet, cook until most of the wine evaporates.
Add beef broth and slowly reduce until thickened. Preheat oven to 375F
Slice sausage and mix in with mushroom mixture.
Place sausage and mushroom mixture into a 9" pie dish. Spread potato cauliflower mash over top. Bake 15 minutes or until crust is heated through.

Submitter: 
Jose Napoleon Cuasay Artiaga I
Description: 
Sausage and wild mushrooms in an onion and leek gravy baked under a crust of mashed potatoes and cauliflower.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30-45 m.
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
