URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63463022/gluten-free-gingerbread-with-lemon-sauce/
Title:
Gluten Free Gingerbread with Lemon Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
CAKE:
3 cups Bob's Red Mill Gluten Free Flour
1 1/2 teaspoons xanthan gum
1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon sea salt
2 teaspoons ground ginger
2 teaspoons cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon allspice
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
1/2 cup sugar
1/2 cup packed brown sugar
1/4 cup molassas
1/3 cup maple syrup
1 teaspoon GF vanilla extract
1 stick (1/2 cup) + 1 Tablespoon melted butter
1 large egg at room temp, beaten
1 cup warm/hot water
LEMON SAUCE:
1 cup confectioners sugar
1/4 cup fresh lemon juice
1 Tablespoon grated lemon peel

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350. Grease and flour a 9X9 inch baking pan and set aside.
In a large bowl combine the flour, xanthan gum, baking soda, baking powder, salt and spices and set aside.  In the large bowl of your upright mixer (this can be done with a hand mixer but once you add the dry to the wet, it's hard on the mixer) add the sugars, molasses, maple syrup, vanilla, egg and melted butter. Mix on med. for about 2 mins.  In small batches until all incorperated, add your dry ingredients. Remember to be scrapping down the sides.  Mixture will be lumpy.  Then while mixer is still running slowly add the hot water and mix well for about 2 min. Pour into the prepared pan and bake for 35 min.
While cake is baking, wash the outsides of 2-3 lemons then grate the peels to equal 1 Tbls. Then slice in half and juice, remembering to strain seeds and pulp. In a med. bowl mix confectioners sugar, lemon juice and grated peel. Set aside.
After timer goes off, check cake with toothpick inserted in center of cake. The first time I made it it was done, the second time it needed 5 more mins.  Remove from oven and set pan on wire rack to cool a bit.  After about 5 mins, using a paring knife or a chopstick, poke hold in the cake about 1 inch apart.  Then spread the top of the cake with the lemon sauce and serve.  My family likes this cake with a dollop of fresh cinnamon whipped cream (see notes).

Submitter: 
Mary P.
Description: 
This cake has become one of our family favorites.  We often serve it with hot chocolate and coffee on Christmas morning while opening our gifts!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
