URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63465585/spicy-linguine-and-clams/
Title:
Spicy Linguine and Clams Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/943910.jpg
Ingredients:
Ingredients
1 pound linguine pasta
2 tablespoons unsalted butter
1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley
Salt
Freshly ground black pepper
Sauce:
3 tablespoons olive oil
3 medium shallots, sliced
Salt
Freshly ground black pepper
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 cup white wine (I used a Chardonnay for more body)
1-6.5 oz can of minced clams (recommend Cento brand), drained and reserve clam juice
1 1/4 cup vegetable broth
1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes
50 count bag of littleneck clams, scrubbed and double rinsed

Directions:
Pasta:
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and transfer to a large serving bowl. Add the butter and parsley and toss until coated. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.
Sauce:
In a large skillet or saucepan, heat the oil over medium-high heat. Add the shallots and season with salt and pepper.
Cook, stirring frequently, until soft, about 3 to 4 minutes.
Add the garlic and cook for until aromatic.
Add the wine and simmer until the liquid has reduced by half, about 2 minutes.
Add minced clams and cook for 1 minute.
Stir in the broth and red pepper flakes. Season with salt and pepper.
Bring the mixture to a simmer.
Add littleneck clams. Cover the pan with a tight-fitting lid and cook until all the shellfish have opened, about 5 to 8 minutes. Discard any unopened shellfish.
Assembly:
Using tongs, remove the shellfish from the pan and reserve. Season the cooking liquid with another dash of salt and pepper.
Pour the shellfish cooking liquid over the pasta and toss well.
Arrange the reserved shellfish on top of the pasta and serve.

Submitter: 
Sarah
Description: 
Uses both fresh and canned minced clams. Recommend using a good, full-bodied Chardonnay as the white wine.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
