URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63479964/almond-jelly-roll/
Title:
Almond Jelly Roll Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Cake:
3/4 cup sugar
1/4 cup almond paste
2/3 cup plus 2 tsp. flour
1 tsp. baking powder
1/8 tsp. salt
4 large eggs
1 tsp. vanilla
1/4 cup powdered sugar
Remaining ingredients:
2/3 cup seedless raspberry jam
1/2 cup whipping cream
1/4 cup powdered sugar

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350.
Combine granulatedsugar and almond paste in a blender or food processor and process until well blended.
Coat a 15x10 cookie sheet with cooking spray.
Line treated pan with waxed paper and spray with cooking spray then dust with 2 tsp. flour. (Do not skip this step because almond paste makes the dough sticky)
Spoon remaining 2 tsp. flour into a bowl and add baking powder and salt, stirring to mix.
In another bowl, beat 4 eggs on high speed until pale and fluffy, about 4 minutes.
Gradually add almond mixture and vanilla to eggs, beating at medium speed until smooth.
Sift half of flour mixture into eggs and fold in. Repeat with remaining flour mixture.
Spread batter into prepared pan and bake for 10 minutes or until cake springs back when touched lightly in the center.
Loosen cake from sides of pan then turn onto a linen dishtowl sprinkled with 2 tbsp. powdered sugar.
Carefully peel off waxed paper.
Sprinkle cake with 2 tbsp. powdered sugar and cool 1 minute.
Starting at short end, carefully roll cake and towel together.
Place seam side down on a wire rack and cool completely, about 30 minutes.
Carefully unroll cake, remove towel and spread jam over cake, leaving a 1/2 inch margin around edges.
Re-roll cake and place seam side down on serving platter.
Place cream and 1/4 cup powdered sugar in a bowl and beat on high speed until stiff peaks form.
When serving, top with whipped cream and raspberries.

Submitter: 
katipa
Description: 
Dessert
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
60 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
