URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63473666/lentil-snacks/
Title:
Lentil Snacks Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup red lentils
2 1/2 cups salted water
1/2 cup fine-grained bulgur
1 1/2 tsp tomato paste
1 large onion
2 tbs olive oil
2 cloves garlic
1 tsp coriander
1 tsp cumin
1 tsp cardamon
1 tsp curry powder
crushed red pepper to taste
lemon juice

Directions:
Put 1 cup hulled red lentils (red dal) in a saucepan with 2 1/2 cups of salted water. Bring to a boil over high heat and skim off the foam that collects on the surface. Turn the heat to low and simmer until the lentils are yellow and very mushy, 20-30 minutes.
Meanwhile, put 1/2 cup of fine-grain bulgur (see above) in a sizeable bowl.
Stir in 1 1/2 teaspoons of tomato paste (I like to buy the kind that comes in a metal tube) and the same amount of hot red pepper paste (there is a Hungarian brand of "paprika mix" in a jar that I've been using). Turn the heat back up to high and bring this mixture to a boil. Once it's boiling, turn off the heat and pour it over the bulgar. Stir well and set aside for half an hour.
Meanwhile, chop one large onion quite fine and saute it in two tablespoons of olive oil. When it begins to get golden brown, add all spices. Cook about two minutes more.
Once the bulgur and lentils have sat for their full half hour, add the contents of the skillet, oil and all. Mix very well, kneading everything together. Add a little lemon juice. Mix again and adjust for salt.
Preheat the oven to 350. Use wet hands to pick up something about 3/4 the size of a golf ball. Shape each piece into an oval and arrange these on a baking sheet. You only need to leave a tiny bit of space between them.
Bake for 10-15 minutes. They shouldn't get brown, just form a bit of a firmer crust. Let them cool on the sheet, then transfer to a plate. Make sure they are completely cool, then cover with plastic wrap and store in the refrigerator.

Submitter: 
Sasha Harlow
Description: 
These taste samosas, but are healthier and easier to make.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
