URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63478529/paleo-classic-creamy-chicken-pot-pie/
Title:
Paleo Classic Creamy Chicken Pot Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Mirepoix:
2 cups sliced or chopped carrots
1 cup sliced or chopped celery
1 cup diced onion
4 Tbls olive oil or oil of choice
5 garlic cloves minced  (about 3 Tbls)
2 cups packed chopped cooked chicken. (roasted, boiled, leftover)
2 cups sliced or chopped zucchini (sub 1 cup zucchini for 1 cup green peas if you can have them)
1/2 cups unsalted chicken broth
2 tsp coarse salt or more to taste (omit if using a pre-salted broth)
Cracked pepper to taste
Gravy:
2 Tbls olive oil or oil of choice
5 large garlic cloves, minced (about 3 Tbls)
4 large shallots, minced
1 cup raw cashews (soaked for 4 hours or overnight and drained)
2 cups unsalted chicken broth or more if needed for consistency (sub 1/2 cup white wine if you like)
1 1/2 tsp coarse ground salt or more to taste (omit if using a pre-salted broth)
Cracked pepper to taste
Crust:
2 1/2 cups Honeyville* blanched almond flour
1/4 tsp salt
2 Tbls coconut oil,
softened or liquid
1 egg

Directions:
gravy:
Preheat a frying pan over medium to medium high heat. Add the prepared garlic and shallots. Cook the mixture till onions are soft, translucent and starting to brown or caramelize. Remove from heat.
In a blender, combine the onion mixture (and any remaining oil in the pan), cashews and chicken broth (wine). Blend the mixture till it is smooth and creamy.
Transfer the gravy back into the frying pan and carefully cook over medium heat, stirring constantly for about 5 min. If it thickens too much add more broth. Season with salt and pepper to taste. It should darken slightly.
filling:
In a large frying pan or wok, over medium heat fry the mirepoix (celery, carrots & onion) and the garlic in the olive oil for 2-3 min.  Add the chicken, zucchini and broth. Continue cooking, stirring periodically until the vegetables are cooked al dente and all the broth is gone.
Remove from heat and add the gravy. Mix well.
crust:
In a medium size bowl, combine the almond flour and salt. Add the oil, blend well. Add the egg, mixing it in till well combined.
Split the dough into 6 to 8 rounds (depending in the size of you ramekins)
Press the rounds out on parchment paper into circles slightly larger then the top of your ramekins. As  you press out, also keep drawing the sides in so that the outside of the circle is smooth and not broken or jagged. You can use a little almond flour as bench flour if needed.
Top each ramekin with a circle of dough, pressing down on the edges slightly to seal it.
Bake in a 350 degree oven for around 25 min or until golden brown. Watch that it does not burn. Let cool for 5 min. before serving.

Submitter: 
hlschoeppner
Description: 
Yummy
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25
Ready in:
1
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
