URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63484030/thanksgiving-turkey/
Title:
Thanksgiving Turkey Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Turkey
Turkey or Vegetable Stock
Crockpot/Slow Cooker
Olive Oil
Potatoes
2 cans of broth
Carrots
Celery
Onions
Garlic -stab garlic into turkey
Mushrooms

Directions:
Step 1
Dry Rub: Don't forget to season your turkey inside and out. Use your favorite seasonings and don't forget salt and pepper. Traditional poultry seasonings like sage, thyme and marjoram are the easiest way to go, however a popular trend for turkey has been Cajon seasonings. Rub on a layer of olive oil and follow with the dry rub. Season the turkey 24 hours in advance.
Step 2
Veggies: Chop the vegetables up into large chunks. If you make them too small, they will disappear and you will not be able to serve them as a side dish. Lightly toss the vegetables in olive oil and season them with salt and pepper. Place a layer of vegetables in the pot and pour in the turkey or vegetable stock. The stock is mostly to produce a small amount of steam so a lot is not necessary. Add more or less depending on the size of the pot.
Step 3
Place turkey in Crock pot. Fill around the sides of the turkey with any extra vegetables you have.
Step 4
Cook: Start it in the morning, on high, early if it's a big bird. It should be done by dinner. Check the temperature periodically with a meat thermometer. It's done when it reaches 180 degrees. If it gets done early, turn the pot on low and leave it covered until it is time to serve.
Step 5
Baste: No basting is necessary. As long as you don't open the pot very often, the turkey should come out very moist. However, if you want it nice and crisp on top, baste it once or twice with whole cream or egg whites.
Step 6
Serve: Carefully remove the turkey from the pot and carve as desired. For a nice display, serve it half carved on a bed of hearty greens. Place the cooked vegetables the platter around the turkey.

Submitter: 
Jessica Jackson
Description: 
crockpot
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
