URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63482626/white-fish-pie/
Title:
White Fish Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 Tbls butter, divided
1 and 1/2 lbs haddock or cod fillet
1 and 1/2 cups milk
1/2 teaspoon sea salt or to taste
1/2 teaspoon fresh ground pepper or to taste
1 teaspoon fresh thyme
1 med. onion chopped
2 sticks celery chopped
1 carrot grated
1 clove of garlic, minced
juice of half a lemon
1/4 cup flour
4 cups mashed potatoes or frozen shredded hash browns
1 cup shredded cheddar cheese

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350.
Melt 1 Tbls butter in a large skillet over med. heat. Add milk and lay fish in the milk to poach.  Sprinkle with sea salt, pepper and thyme and cover pan. Over med heat bring milk to a very low boil and poach fish for about 7 mins.  Remove fish to plate and break up into bite sized chunks with a fork.  Pour milk into a bowl and set aside.  Melt second Tbls of butter in the skillet, add vegetables and saute until soft, about 5 mins.  Add minced garlic and saute 1 min more.  Turn heat to low and scrape the veggies to the side of the skillet and then add last 2 Tbls of butter and the lemon juice to the empty spot.  Sprinkle flour over melted butter and make a rue.  Combine the veggies back in with the rue and add the milk and fish back into the skillet.  Gently toss together.  Remove from heat.
Spray casserole with cooking spray and add half of the fish mixture then top with 2 cups of the mashed or hashbrown potatoes and then repeat the layers.  Sprinkle the top of the casserole with cheese and bake for 35 mins until cheese is golden brown on top.  Serve with a crisp green salad and a good bottle of pinot grigio.

Submitter: 
Mary P.
Description: 
This is my grandfathers recipe, and we grew up eating White Fish Pie.  It is simple and delicious. Good comfort food.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
