URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63489010/pancetta-wrapped-haddock-with-lemon-aioli-roasted-asparagus/
Title:
Pancetta Wrapped Haddock with Lemon Aioli & Roasted Asparagus Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 lb filleted Haddock cut into 4 pieces (cod, sole, or similar white fish works equally well)
9-12 oz pancetta thinly sliced (have deli place wax paper in between batches)
splash of extra virgin olive oil
2/3 cup White Wine or Dry Sherry
1 Tb lemon zest
1/2 tsp cracked black pepper
1/2 tsp crushed rosemary
juice from 1 lemon
2 cloves minced garlic
1/2 cup real mayonnaise
large bunch of asparagus, 1" bottom ends cut off
sea salt

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
Season fish pieces with rosemary, a splash of olive oil, grind of cracked black pepper.
Using a 13 x 9" glass baking dish, wrap each piece loosely with roughly 1/4 of the pancetta so that the skinned side is facing downward, and the seam of the bacon pieced together around each is facing downward as well.  You should have the upward side with at least 1/2 covered with bacon. Pour wine or sherry around the pieces in the pan.
In a small bowl, combine the remaining seasonings, garlic, and mayonnaise and mix well.  Allow to refrigerate and meld flavors (do this in advance if desired).  Thin with warm water at service until it pours more easily (similar to a white sauce).
On a separate baking dish or sheet pan, place asparagus in a row.  Spray with pan coating and sprinkle with salt.
Bake fish on a middle or lower rack for 15 to 18 minutes or until pancetta turns a golden color and appears cooked through.  Halfway through the cooking, place asparagus on the upper rack and cook for no less than 7 minutes or until lightly browned on the tips.
Remove both from the oven and on each plate, pour a portion of the aioli sauce, place the fillet on that and arrange a quarter of the asparagus in a fan on the opposite side of the plate which should help keep the aoili in a boundary near the fish.

Submitter: 
Karen Barris Calabro
Description: 
An easy and simple dish that is dressy enough for company or the Holidays.  It never fails to please guests, but keeps your deli person busy with the wax paper!  The hardest part of this dish really is just wrapping the fish, which does not require any culinary skill whatsoever.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
