URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63488501/mommys-meatloaf/
Title:
Mommy's Meatloaf Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2lbs meatloaf mix (ground pork, veal, beef)
1 egg slightly beaten
1/4 cup milk
1/4 cup italian bread crumbs
1/4 cup oatmeal
1 large onion- diced
2 garlic cloves- minced
2 carrots- shredded
1 tbsp Worchestershire
1 packet McCormick Meatloaf Seasoning
Ketchup
1 package bacon
2-4 pieces of bread (optional)
Brown Sugar Glaze:
1 tbsp Worchestershire
1/2 cup kethcup
1/4 cup light brown sugar

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
2. Prepare the brown sugar glaze by mixing the worchestershire, light brown sugar, and ketchup together and set aside.
3. Beat 1 egg in a large bowl. Add in the meat, bread crumbs, oatmeal, onions, carrots, worchestershire, garlic, milk, and McCormick seasoning. With your hands (it is also nice to use disposable gloves) mix all the ingredients together.
4. After it is mixed, squeeze a large squirt of ketchup into the mix. Proceed to mix the ingredients together again, until well blended.
5. Form meatloaf mixture into 1 large loaf, or 2 smaller loaves. (With a large loaf, it will take longer to cook!)
5. Place bread on foil lined pan, if you are not using a meatloaf pan. Place the meatloaf on top of bread. (The bread will help absorb the grease from the meatloaf.
6. Brush the prepared brown sugar glaze on top of the meatloaf.
7. Cover the meatloaf with a layer of bacon.
8. Place in oven at 350 for 1 hour and 15 minutes if cooking 1 loaf, or 1 hour if cooking 2 loaves.
9. Check meatloaf after 1 hour. Enjoy once the juices are run clear.
*Optional, baste the meatloaf with another layer of the brown sugar glaze after 30 minutes of cooking.

Submitter: 
Candace Sullivan
Description: 
This was my Mommy's meatloaf recipe! Everyone who has tasted this meatloaf, asks for the recipe and raves about how flavorful it is! Tastes delish served hot, and just as good cold the next day!!! You will love our meatloaf!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
