URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63489311/healthy-spinach-cheese-calzone/
Title:
Healthy Spinach-Cheese Calzone Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 Whole Wheat Pizza Bread Dough (frozen or thawed from grocery store works great!)
1 can of your favorite marinara (I use my own canned and add extra garlic)
1/2 lb grated part skim milk mozzarella
1/4 cup grated Parmesan qnd/or Romano mixed
1 cake tofu (firm or extra firm) drained well
2 lbs of frozen chopped spinach- thawed and drained well (squeeze out excess water)
1 Tb extra virgin olive oil
1 sweet onion- thinly sliced
2 Tb minced garlic
juice of 1/2 lemon
1/2 tsp salt
1/2 tsp cracked black pepper
1/2 tsp dried dill weed
(optional- egg wash of 1 part egg yolk and 1 part water)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees
In a hot saute pan, cook the sliced onions in olive oil until golden brown.  Add minced garlic and cook briefly until they are just soft, but not browned.  Remove from the heat.
In a large mixing bowl, mix spinach, onions, tofu, mozzarella, parmesan, lemon juice, and seasonings until well combined.  Taste to correct seasonings if necessary.
On an oiled sheet pan press out the bread dough into an oblong disc (roughly 10 x 15 on a large sheet pan).  Place filling into a long cylinder and fold dough over and tuck in the ends so that the seam is on the bottom.  If you have leftover spinach filling that does not fit into the dough easily, just use as much as you need- it freezes well.  With a sharp knife, cut small slits perpendicular to the length of it every 4" to allow for venting the steam.
Bake in the middle of the oven for 30 minutes or until bread is golden brown.  For effect, five minutes before it is complete, you can brush the dough with an egg wash for a professional bakery (glazing) look.
Serve immediately with warmed marinara sauce ladled on top.

Submitter: 
Karen Barris Calabro
Description: 
To sneak tofu into my family's food has never been the objective, but reducing fats and expensive dairy items are.  My vegan version of this omits the cheeses entirely and simply adds salt and minced Kalamata olives.  I love this dish on a cold winter night with loads of marinara to sop up the leftover bread crust in!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
