URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63489184/pasta-inverno-winter-vegetable-pasta/
Title:
Pasta Inverno (Winter Vegetable Pasta) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb whole grain pasta (ziti, penne, bowties, etc)
1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil
2 cups winter squash (acorn, butternut, or hubbard, but not spaghetti) peeled with peeler, seeded, and cut into small cubes
1 red bell pepper- diced in similarly sized squares
1 sweet onion- medium dice
1 cup green beans- tipped and sliced into 1" lengths
1/2 cup pitted kalamata olives
2 Tb minced garlic
bunch of fresh spinach (about 3 cups torn) or bag of frozen chopped spinach
1 15oz can of diced tomatoes (or 2 fresh tomatoes diced)
1 Tb minced basil (squeeze tubes of prepared is fine)
1/2 cup red wine vinegar
3 Tbs sugar
1/2 tsp sea salt or to taste
1/2 tsp cracked black pepper or to taste
1/2 cup shaved or grated parmesan

Directions:
Boil water and add pasta, cooking 8 to 9 minutes until al dente.  Drain in a colander until ready to toss in the finished sauce.
While bringing water to a boil, in a large saute pan on high heat, brown winter squash, onions, and pepper in olive oil (8 to 10 minutes).  Using a spoon to keep the vegetables from scorching, scrape up the bottom as best you can.  Once this is almost cooked through, add garlic, olives, and tomatoes and reduce heat to a simmer.
When the vegetables are relatively soft, add the spinach, basil, sugar, vinegar, and seasonings and stir together for one minute.
Add pasta and simmer until pasta is cooked through.  Toss well with Parmesan cheese and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Karen Barris Calabro
Description: 
A delicious and economical twist on a Pasta Primavera, this winter dish has been a favorite of vegetarian clients for years.  It was born from a Sicilian side dish for Pumpkin Agrodolce ( literally sour and sweet), taught to me by one of my first master chefs, but this is a meal that stands alone.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
