URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63495487/crock-pot-paleo-italian-meatballs/
Title:
Crock Pot Paleo Italian Meatballs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
¼ cup (1 cup) chopped of Italian Parsley
1.5 (6 lbs) pounds of lean ground beef (I always use 90-96%)
4 slices (16 slices/ 1 package) of smoked raw bacon, diced (I tried using turkey bacon once and it was good but not the same as the good stuff. And in my opinion if you are using lean meat I think you can splurge on the real bacon)
¼ (1 cup) cup of grated Parmesan cheese [OMIT IF YOU ARE PALEO]
2 eggs (8 eggs)
2 tablespoons (8 TBL) of dried minced onion flakes
1 tablespoon (4 TBL) of garlic powder
½ teaspoon (2 tsp) of kosher or sea salt
½ teaspoon (2 tsp) of ground black pepper
Additional ingredients used during preparation:
1 cup Almond flour (I used to use whole wheat flour to roll out the meatballs but now I use almond flour and they are pretty tasty. Feel free to chose your flour of choice)
Additional ingredients used for each gallon size bag you make and put into your crock pot:
2 cups chicken broth (I use warm water and half a bouillon cube)
1 (6-ounce) can tomato paste

Directions:
In the biggest mixing bowl you have, combine the chopped parsley, ground beef and diced bacon. Add in Parmesan cheese, eggs, and the dried spices and COMBINE WELL. Don’t be afraid to get your hands dirty.
After the meat is mixed thoroughly, roll meat into golf size balls.
Once you have the meatballs all rolled out, go ahead and roll the meatballs into the almond/ whole wheat/ or plain flour. What I did was just pile them all up on my cutting board and then divide them into your gallon size bags and put into the freezer for a rainy (or busy) day! Again, if you want to make the meal the day of just put one serving in the freezer and freeze for 2-3 hours before putting it in the crock pot. If you are saving them for a rainy day then keep the meatballs in the freezer for up to 3 months.
When you are ready to cook the meatballs, place the frozen meatballs in your crock pot.
Mix the 2 cups of broth with the tomato paste and pour over the meatballs and cook for 8-10 hours on low. Prepare to be wowed!

Submitter: 
hlschoeppner
Description: 
Yes
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
9 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
