URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63495471/paleo-crock-pot-balsamic-and-cranberry-pork-tenderloin/
Title:
Paleo Crock Pot Balsamic and Cranberry Pork Tenderloin Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pork tenderloin (about 1½ lbs)
1 cup of chicken broth
¼ cup of balsamic vinegar
1 cup of dried cranberry, cranraisins, cherries, etc
1 tablespoon of olive oil
1 tablespoon of dried rosemary
2 heads of fresh cauliflower, chopped or 2 bags of frozen cauliflower
4-5 cloves of garlic
1 tablespoon of olive oil
2 tablespoons of almond milk (or your choice of dairy creamer)
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Add your olive oil to an already hot frying pan and brown your pork tenderloin on both sides. It should take a few minutes on each side. Don’t rush this step. Although I usually loathe recipes that ask me to brown meats first (which is due solely to pure laziness because I do not have a crock pot that browns inside the crock pot and I am forced to clean another pan when I have to brown), browning locks in a lot of the juices in the protein and the meats ALWAYS comes out so tender. So after the fact, I usually realize that the extra pan to clean is so worth it. But hey a girl can complain on the internet, right? If not what else are we good for? Kidding!
Put the browned pork tenderloin in the bottom of the crock pot and pour all the remaining ingredients under the “For the Pork Tenderloin in the Crock Pot” list above.
Cook on low for 8-10 hours. That’s it folks, it doesn’t get much simpler than that.
For the accompaniment, about 15 -20 minutes before you are ready to serve dinner, steam your cauliflower for about 10 minutes until tender.
Once cauliflower is soft throw it in your food processor with the whole garlic cloves, olive oil, almond milk and salt and pepper and blend that baby up! Your result will be beautifully, whipped cauliflower that will stand any taste test and most people will think they are mashed potatoes!
Serve pork with cranberry sauce over the mashed cauliflower and prepare to be wowed!

Submitter: 
hlschoeppner
Description: 
Yummy
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
8 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
