URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63498216/mole-de-olla-con-pollo---chicken/
Title:
Mole De Olla (Con Pollo - Chicken) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/954876.jpg
Ingredients:
4 Boneless Skinless Chicken Breasts (approx. 2-1/2 lbs)
3 Bay Leaves
2 - 32 oz Containers of Low Sodium Chicken Broth (or homemade)
1 - white onion cut in half , half quartered and other half diced
2 - dried chile anchos
6 - dried pasilla chiles
1 - teaspoon epazote (or about 4 fresh )
1/2  teaspoon ground cloves
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/2 teaspoon sea salt
6 cloves garlic , minced
2 tomatoes
2-1/2 ears corn , husks removed and cleaned , cut in 3 , last one in 2
5 small potatoes , peeled cut into quarters
3 carrots, peeled, and sliced
1 zucchini , ends removed amd sliced, then halved
1 large handful greenbeans , approx 4-6 oz , ends removed
Salt to taste
Garnish:
Cilantro , chopped
Lime, quartered
Avocado, cored and chopped

Directions:
Pour broth into stock pot, over medium heat.  Place chicken breast into broth, cover and let simmer for 90 minutes .
Remove chicken and place onto cutting board. Put tomatoes into broth and let simmer. In a bowl place your dried chiles. Pour broth from stock pot to cover them, place a plate or lid over bowl , let stand 10-15 minutes until chiles are soft. Shred chicken while waiting. Once tomatoes become tender, approx 5 minutes,  remove them and place them into blender , add the half of the onion that is quartered (save remaining diced half) , add cloves, cinnamon, salt and pepper to blender. Once chiles are ready, remove the stems and seeds , place them into the blender. Blend until smooth.
Place potatoes intp small pot and cover with water, bring to boil and simmer until their soft. Drain and set potatoes aside.
Place shredded chicken back into stock pot along with the remaining diced onion and bay leaves. Turn heat to low. Once chile puree is smooth use a mesh strainer and pour into chicken stock. Use a spatula and chicken broth to get the most of the puree , discard chile remaining in the strainer. Turn heat back to medium, add carrots, simmer approx 7 minutes. Add corn, simmer 2 more minutes, then add potatoes, zucchini and green beans. Simmer approx 5 minutes. Remove from heat, let stand five minutes.
Divide evenly amoung bowls and garnish with lime, avocado and cilantro.

Submitter: 
Sherbear1
Description: 
My ex-mother in law taught me how to make this. It can be made with beef or pork in placeof the chicken . Also feel free to change out the vegetables. Enjoy on a cold winter day to warm up!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
3 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
