URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63490380/pumpkin-parsnip-lasagna/
Title:
Pumpkin Parsnip Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Lasagna ingredients:
1 package lasagna noodles
1 Tbsp olive oil
1 bunch kale, de-stemmed and thinly sliced
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 small onion
1 Tbsp minced fresh sage
1 tsp salt
1/4 tsp fresh ground pepper
2 large parsnips, peeled and shredded
2 cups shredded vegan mozzarella cheese (1 package Daiya shreds)
Pumpkin cream sauce ingredients:
1 15-ounce can pumpkin puree
2 cup cashews, soaked for 3 hours and drained
1 cup plain, unsweetened almond milk
2 Tbsp nutritional yeast
1 tsp salt
1 Tbsp fresh lemon juice

Directions:
Cook the lasagna noodles according to package instructions- it helps to add a little oil to keep the noodles from sticking, and to boil the noodles in batches. After boiled til tender, drain the noodles, and rinse in cold water.
Preheat the oven to 375F and lightly grease a 9 x13 glass baking dish with a little oil. ( Even better, line the bottom of the baking dish with parchment paper.)
Heat olive oil in large pan and add onion & garlic, sauteing for a minute. Add kale, sage, and salt, and cover for a few minutes to wilt a bit. Continue sauteing until kale is fully cooked. Add a little pepper to taste.
To prepare the sauce, add all ingredients to a food processor and process until smooth, about 7 minutes. Scrape the sides as necessary.
Assemble the lasagna by starting with noodles, followed by 1 cup of sauce to thickly cover the noodles, sprinkle on parsnip, sauteed kale, and mozzarella. Repeat layers until all ingredients are used. Top with 1/3 cup of cheese.
Cover the pan with tin foil and bake for 50 minutes. Remove foil and set on broil for 5 minutes.
Let cool for 10-15 minutes, then slice and serve!

Submitter: 
Momi
Description: 
This lasagna is rich with the flavors of fall. It is an extravagant holiday dish for the vegan in your life and will be enjoyed by everyone with good taste.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
