URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63505807/bibimbap/
Title:
Bibimbap Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/957802.jpg
Ingredients:
3/4 lb. beef, sliced thin against the grain (I used rib-eye steak)
1 kiwi, peeled and quartered
1/2 yellow onion, peeled and quartered
2 cloves garlic, peeled
1 inch nub of ginger, peeled
1/2 cup soy sauce
1/4 cup sugar
1/4 cup rice wine vinegar
2 tbsps sesame oil
1/2 tsp ground black pepper
1 tsp vegetable oil (or more)
3 cups mung bean sprouts (I love this stuff, I highly recommend cooking more)
dash of sesame oil
salt to taste
sesame seeds
1 lb. spinach
sesame oil to taste
salt to taste
3 medium zucchini, cut into 2-inch long medium matchsticks
1 tsp vegetable oil
2 cloves garlic, minced
salt to taste
steamed rice
2 carrots, peeled and shredded (Ellie preps these properly, I’m a bum and leave them raw)
kimchi
yellow pickled radish (daan moo ji), sliced into matchsticks
gochujang (I didn’t have any, so used Sriracha)
sesame oil
egg(s), poached or fried (just make sure the yolk is runny, because that is liquid gold, people!)

Directions:
The galbi: If you have leftover galbi or bulgogi, use that. If you don’t, then find a cut of beef (flank steak, rib-eye steak, whatever) and freeze it halfway (or thaw it halfway if it is frozen) to make slicing it easier. In a food processor, combine the kiwi, onion, garlic, and ginger and pulse into a purée. Pour the contents into a ziploc bag and add the soy sauce, sugar, rice wine vinegar, sesame oil, and black pepper. Seal the bag, moosh it about to mix. Then open the bag and pile in the sliced beef. Seal the bag, moosh it about some more to make sure all of the beef is marinating properly. Place in the refrigerator for 8 hours. When you are ready, pour a little vegetable oil in a frying pan and set on high heat. Place the beef on the pan in a single layer and let it brown (caramelize). Remove from pan.
The sprouts: Blanch the sprouts in boiling water for 1 minute. Drain and toss with sesame oil, salt, and sesame seeds.
The spinach: Blanch the spinach in boiling water for 1 minute. Drain and squeeze the water from the spinach. Chop the spinach and toss with sesame oil and salt.
The zucchini: Heat the vegetable oil in a pan on high. Toss in the garlic and stir a few times before tossing in the zucchini. Season with salt and stir-fry until the zucchini is wilted.
Assembly: Place the steamed rice in a large bowl (some recipes do a quick pan-fry of the rice into a sort of cake with crispy edges – I didn’t this time) and arrange the beef, sprouts, spinach, zucchini, carrots, kimchi, and pickled radish on top of the rice. Add a good dollop of gochujang and a dash of sesame oil. Set the egg on top in the middle. Serve.

Submitter: 
Lori Rowley-Sipple
Description: 
From Use Real Butter.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
60
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
