URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63505206/pumpkin-and-yellow-pepper-soup-with-smoked-paprika/
Title:
Pumpkin and Yellow Pepper Soup with Smoked Paprika Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon olive oil
3 1/2 cups chopped yellow bell pepper (about 2 large)
1 1/2 cups chopped carrot (about 2 medium)
1 cup chopped onion (about 1 medium)
1/2 teaspoon Spanish smoked paprika
2 garlic cloves, chopped
5 cups fat-free, less-sodium chicken broth, divided
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 (15-ounce) can salt-free pumpkin puree
2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice
2 tablespoons unsalted pumpkin-seed kernels, toasted
1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley
Just pumpkin soup?  chicken stock, pumpkin puree, onion, thyme, garlic, 1/2c heavy whipping cream and pepper
sweet version: ginger, cinnamon, brown sugar, vanilla, apple carrots, celery

Directions:
Heat oil in a Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add bell pepper, carrot, and onion; cook 10 minutes or until tender, stirring occasionally. Add paprika and garlic; sauté 1 minute. Add 3 cups broth and black pepper; bring to a boil. Cover, reduce heat, and simmer 20 minutes or until the vegetables are tender.
Place one-third of vegetable mixture in a blender. Remove center piece of blender lid (to allow steam to escape); secure blender lid on blender. Place a clean towel over opening in blender lid (to avoid spills). Blend until smooth. Pour into a large bowl. Repeat procedure with remaining vegetable mixture.
Return pureed vegetable mixture to Dutch oven; stir in remaining 2 cups broth and pumpkin. Cook over low heat for 10 minutes or until thoroughly heated, stirring frequently. Remove from heat; stir in juice. Ladle 1 cup soup into each of 7 bowls; top each serving with about 1 teaspoon pumpkinseeds and about 1/2 teaspoon parsley. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Jessica Jackson
Description: 
Mildly sweet, creamy, with a touch of smokiness describes this luscious soup that's made with pumpkin puree, yellow bell peppers, carrot, and onion, and topped with toasted pumpkin seed kernels.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
7
Nutritional Facts:
NA
