URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63501378/beef-and-beer-stew-with-thyme/
Title:
Beef and Beer stew with Thyme Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 tablespoon butter
1 lb beef stew, cubed (I used a top chuck)
¼ cup flour
salt and pepper
1 small white onion, roughly chopped
2 garlic cloves, minced
1 teaspoon fresh thyme
1 tablespoon tomato paste
1 bottle beer (I used a Shiner Bock)
3 cups beef broth, divided
1½ cups water, divided
1 tablespoon Worcestershire Sauce
½ teaspoon kosher salt
lots of fresh ground black pepper
2 large carrots, chopped
2-3 small red potatoes, quartered
grind of parmesan cheese (optional)
1 tablespoon cornstarch, mixed with 1 tablespoon water

Directions:
In a large dutch oven or stock pot, add olive oil and butter and place over medium-hight heat. Dry beef cubes with paper towels to promote browning. Flour the meat and season with lots of salt and pepper. Once the butter begins to foam, add the cubes of meat in one single layer. You may have to do multiple batches in order to avoid crowding the meat. Brown the first side of the cubes until it is easy to pull away the meat (about 3-4 minutes), flip and cook the other side until browned (2-3 minutes). Remove meat to plate once cooked.
There should be lots of brown bits and fat in your pan. This is going to give your vegetables flavor. Add onion and cook until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and thyme and cook an additional minute. Add tomato paste and cook for one minute.
Add beer and begin scraping the brown bits from the pan. Add your 2 cups of stock, 1 cup of water, and Worcestershire Sauce. Continue mixing and scraping the pan. Season with salt and pepper and lower heat to medium. Simmer for 1½ to two hours. (You may need to add more liquid. I added an additional cup of broth and ½ cup of water)
Add potatoes, carrot and parmesan rind, if using. Mix in cornstarch and cook for an additional 30 minutes. Mix, remove parmesan rind and serve with crusty bread and a good beer.

Submitter: 
Carolyn Sheppard
Description: 
This is a great way to warm up on a cold winter's night. This has become a family tradition in our home. Carrots and potatoes in a beefy beer broth  , how does it get any better.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
