URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63502033/grilled-shrimp-pea-shoot-bok-choy-salad-with-asian-reduced-fat-dressing/
Title:
Grilled Shrimp, Pea Shoot, & Bok Choy Salad with Asian Reduced Fat Dressing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb raw jumbo shrimp- shelled, deveined
1 tsp canola or grapeseed oil (high temp oil)
1 medium or small eggplant- diced
pan coating
5 cups bok choy sliced thinly (one large)
1 1/2 cups or 1 container of pea shoots
1 cup shredded carrots
1/2 cup thinly sliced cucumber (seedless or pickling)
1/4 cup chopped cilantro
1/4 cup chopped mint
1/4 cup chopped roasted peanuts
1/4 cup chopped green onions
Dressing:
1/2 cup fish sauce
juice of 1 lime (2 to 3 Tb)
1 cup grapes- puree in blender
1 1/2 Tbs minced garlic
1/2 tsp salt (may need more to taste later)
1 Tb sweet chili sauce

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
Make dressing first.  Place about 2 Tbs or so in a bowl with the shrimp and oil and allow to marinate chilled.
Dice eggplant and place on a roasting pan.  Spray with pan coating and roast for 15 minutes until browned.  Remove immediately and place in marinade.
While shrimp is marinating and eggplant is roasting, prepare the remaining vegetables for the salad.  Do not toss in dressing, but keep chilled.
On an extremely hot grill, mark the shrimp on one side for 3 minutes or until visibly pink on the bottom.  Turn over and allow to cook on the other side for 4 to 5 minutes until cooked through, but not dry.  Remove and allow to rest briefly before assembling the salad.
In a large bowl, toss all the ingredients together, including the hot shrimp and with tongs, arrange the greens and shrimp in large bowls for serving immediately.  You may want to garnish with additional green onions and chopped peanuts, but I find that placing the shrimp on the top is garnish enough.

Submitter: 
Karen Barris Calabro
Description: 
This is the tastiest shrimp salad without any guilt: no sugar and only a trace of oil makes it perfect for serving any dieter or low-carbohydrate lifestyle enthusiast.  If you want to lose weight or just feel healthy, but enjoy your food, this is the salad for you.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
35
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
