URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63508576/braised-tofu-with-eggplant-and-mushrooms/
Title:
Braised Tofu with Eggplant and Mushrooms Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/4 cup peanut oil
1 cup sliced mushrooms (shitakes, button, or portobello)
1 tablespoon chopped garlic
1 tablespoon peeled and minced fresh ginger
1/2 jalapeno, finely mined
1-1/2 lbs eggplant, trimmed, cut into 1-1/2" chunks
1 medium onion, quartered and halved
1 - 2 tablespoon chili paste or red curry paste
1 cup vegetable or chicken stock
1 - 2 tablespoons soy sauce (optional)
1 lb extra firm tofu cut into 3/4" cubes
1 tablespoon sesame oil for garnish
Chopped fresh cilantro for garnish
1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds for garnish
2 tablespoons minced green onion for garnish

Directions:
In a medium skillet, place 2 tablespoons of oil and heat over a medium heat.  When hot add the tofu.  Saute the tofu for 15 minutes till brown on both sides.  Set aside.
In a deep skillet, place 2 tablespoons of oil and heat over medium heat.  When hot, add the mushrooms and cook stirring until the mushrooms are crisp, 5 to 10 minutes.  Remove with a slotted spoon and set aside.
In the same skillet, add 2 tablespoons of oil and the garlic, jalapeno and ginger.  As soon as they sizzle, add the eggplant and onion.  Cook stirring occasionally for 10 minutes or until eggplant browns.
Add the chili paste or red curry paste along with the stock.
Cover & cook stirring occasionally until eggplant is really tender, about 10 - 15 minutes more (add more water if necessary).
Stir in the tofu and soy sauce until tofu is heated through.
Stir in the mushrooms and serve immediately with garnishes.

Submitter: 
Bill Alexander
Description: 
This is a recipe from Mark Bittman's How to Cook Everything Vegetarian that I have modified to my taste with jalapeno and onion.  A more or less traditional Sichuan preparation, creamy and delicious with soft cooked eggplant made crisp by the addition of browned tofu and mushrooms.

Substitute green beans for eggplant if you like.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
