URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63509030/vegetarian-mexican-inspired-stuffed-peppers/
Title:
Vegetarian Mexican Inspired Stuffed Peppers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/958559.jpg
Ingredients:
1 TBSP salt (for boiling)
½ cup chopped onion
1 TBSP olive oil
2 cups cooked rice
14 ½ ounces chili style diced tomatoes
15 ounces black beans, drained
1 tsp chili powder
½ tsp cumin
½ tsp salt
1 tsp garlic salt
4 large green bell peppers (use more if smaller peppers are used)
8 oz package of Sargento Authentic Mexican shredded cheese

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Fill a large pot with enough water to cover peppers.
Add 1 TBSP of salt to water, and heat until boiling.
Cut tops off of peppers.  Remove seeds and membranes.
Boil peppers in boiling water for 3 to 4 minutes to slightly tenderize them.
Drain peppers and set aside.
Saute onion with olive oil in a pan until onion is transparent and soft.
In a large bowl, stir together rice, diced tomatoes, and drained blacked beans.
Add onion and stir until well distributed.
Add chili powder, cumin, salt, and garlic salt.  Stir until blended into the mixture well.
Stir 1 ½ cups of Sargento Authentic Mexican shredded cheese into mixture.
Stuff each pepper to the top, and place in a prepared pan that fits the pepper size.
Sprinkle remainder cheese over the top of each pepper.
Bake in oven for 30 minutes.

Submitter: 
donnam
Description: 
I created this so it's not too spicy, but is packed with flavor.  My kids loved it!  Sargento's Authentic Mexican shredded cheese takes it over the top.  For variety, add corn or other vegetables or switch to other chopped tomato varieties (chilies, jalapenos, etc.). Follow the boiling method prior to baking if you don't want a crispy bell pepper.  If you have small peppers, use more of them for this recipe.  They taste great with a dollop of sour cream on top.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
