URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63508738/salmon-with-lemon-sauce/
Title:
Salmon with Lemon Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 Salmon filet (for 4 portions), skinned
1 Lemon, grated zest and juice
1 tsp fresh Basil leaves, chopped
1 tsb fresh Mint leaves, chopped
1 tsp fresh Cilantro leaves, chopped
1 tsp fresh Parsley, chopped
1/4 tsp freshly ground Black Pepper
1/4 tsp Sea Salt
3/4 cup hot milk
1 chicken bullion cube
2 tbsp flour
2 tbsp olive oil
1 tbsp butter
1 tsp dijon mustard
Salt and Pepper, if desired, to taste

Directions:
In a small bowl, mix together 1 tbsp Olive Oil, Basil, Mint, Cilantro, Parsley, Lemon Zest, Sea Salt and Black Pepper. Separately, dissolve the bullion cube in the hot milk.
Dry the Salmon Filet with paper towel, coat the underside with the mixed herbs.
Bring a frying pan to a medium-low heat with 1 tbsp Olive Oil and Butter. Gently place the Salmon, herbside down in the simmering oil. Cover and allow to cook for 8-10 minutes, or until all the edges appear cooked and only the top is still raw. Firmly slide a fish slice under the filet, and gingerly turn, taking care not to break it apart. Cook uncovered for a further 5 minutes. Remove from pan and leave to rest.
Remove pan from heat, turn burner to low. Put the flour in the pan and cook, mixing briskly with a whisk to form a paste. Add the honey and the mustard, continuously mixing. Slowly add the lemon juice, then the milk-bullion mix, mixing all the while and alternating on and off the burner, until sauce is creamy. Add Salt and Pepper if desired, to taste.
Return the Salmon to the pan and coat in the sauce, bringing the sauce to serving temperature. Portion the filet in the pan.
Serve with choice of Rice or Mashed Potatoes and vegetables. Spoon sauce over Salmon when plated.

Submitter: 
Oisín Ó Searcóid
Description: 
The honey balances the tangy lemon perfectly. This is simply delicious!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
