URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63504609/amazing-apple-crostata/
Title:
Amazing Apple Crostata Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/957547.jpg
Ingredients:
Crust
1-3/4 cups all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
2 tbsp sugar
3/4 cups (1-1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into small pieces
2 tbsp ice water (or 1 tbsp ice water, 1 tbsp lemon juice)
Filling
6 small gala apples, peeled and thinly sliced
1 large lemon, halved
1/2 cup sugar
1/2 tsp ground cinnamon
2 tsp sugar to garnish

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F
For Crust:
In a mixer stir flour, salt, and sugar to combine. Cut in butter until mixture resembles coarse meal. With mixer running running, add 2 tbsp ice water 2 tsp at a time, scraping edges of bowl as you go, just until dough holds together (use more water if necessary). Test dough by pinching a small amount; if it is still crumbly, add a tsp more ice water, a little at a time. Do not overmix. Wrap in plastic wrap and set aside to chill in fridge for 20-30 minutes. Once chilled remove from plastic wrap and roll out on a sheet of parchment paper to a round shape 1/4 - 1/2 cm in thickness. Should be 12-16 inches in diameter.
Filling:
Once apples are peeled and sliced squeeze half of the lemon over the apples to keep them from browning.
Combine 1/2 cup sugar, and cinnamon. Set aside.
With rolled out dough arrange apples 2 layers in the center of the dough, leaving 1-1/2 - 2 inch border free of apples along the edges of the dough. With edges of dough, fold over and place on top of apples creating pleats as needed. Do this for the entire border of the dough. With sugar/cinnamon mixture sprinkle over apples being careful not to get it on the folded over dough. Squeeze remaining lemon half over apples. Sprinkle 2 tsp sugar over crust.
Transfer parchment paper to cookie sheet. Bake in preheated over for 50-60 minutes until crust is golden brown.

Submitter: 
ANGELSTAR
Description: 
There's an italian restaurant famous for their family style eating. You'd think something as simple as apple pie wouldn't be as decadant or exotic as this, but you would be very, very wrong. I'm not a desert lover but I took one of these home and ate it even after it was all soggy from melted ice cream and savored every morsel. There are no words for how good this is. This crust is to DIE for!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
