URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63505802/thai-coconut-curry-soup/
Title:
Thai Coconut Curry Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/957799.jpg
Ingredients:
2 14 ounce cans premium coconut milk
1 heaping Tablespoon Thai curry paste
1 bunch cilantro roots, rinsed well
2 chicken breasts, thinly sliced
2 cups chicken broth
1 carrot, shredded
4 or 5 lime leaves
2 stalks lemon grass, halved lengthwise, woody leaves removed
2 tablespoons fish sauce
2 limes zest and juice
a small knob frozen ginger
a handful bean sprouts
8 ounce package rice noodles
1 bunch cilantro leaves, rinsed well
2 or 3 green onions, thinly sliced
a sprinkle or two salt or soy sauce

Directions:
Scoop the thick coconut cream from the top of just one of the cans into a large stockpot set over a medium-high heat.
Melt the cream, add the curry paste and stir for a few minutes until they begin to sizzle.
Add the cilantro roots and chicken and sauté until the chicken is cooked through, about 5 minutes.
Add the coconut juice from the first can and all the contents of the second can along with the chicken broth, carrot, lime leaves, lemon grass, fish sauce and lime zest and juice. Grate the frozen ginger into the broth with a Microplane grater or standard box grater. Simmer for 20 minutes or so.
Stir in the bean sprouts. Add the rice noodles, gently pushing them beneath the surface of the broth. Turn off the heat and let stand until the noodles soften, about 5 minutes. Rice noodles don’t need to simmer like pasta to cook; they simply need to rehydrate in the hot liquid.
Stir in most of the cilantro leaves. Remove the lemon grass stalks. Taste and season with a touch more salt (or soy sauce) as needed. Ladle into large bowls and garnish with the green onions and remaining cilantro leaves.

Submitter: 
Lori Rowley-Sipple
Description: 
Chef Michael Smith's recipe.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
40
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
