URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63502049/lasagna-special/
Title:
Lasagna special Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
250g lasagna pasta
1 large onion chopped thinly
1 medium size carrot chopped thinly
250g ground mince beef
pinch mixed spice
1/2 a level teaspoon curry
2 large eggs
200g grated parmesan cheece
3 fresh sheep cheeselettes
pinch salt
pepper
2 tbps vegetable oil
2 tbps warm water
1 tbps tomato puree'
200ml tomato sauce(without chunks)
3 portions of frozen spinach
100ml whole milk
good quality dry red wine
for the white sauce;
you will also need
30g margerine
3 tbps flour
300ml whole milk
pinch nutmeg to taste(optional)

Directions:
In a saucepan heat 2 table spoons of vegetable oil.
Chop the onion and carrot really thin. Add the onion and after a minute add the carrot. Stir and cook for another minute.
Now add the mince beef ,season  with salt and pepper . Add also the mixed spice and curry,stir again and cook for a couple of minutes until the beef looks well cooked.
Now add the tomato puree' and tomato sauce.stir and add a splash of red wine.let it simmer for 20 min on medium heat. You may need to add some warm water to delute your sauce after 10 min.
For the white sauce:in a small saucepan melt the margerine , add the milk and a pinch of nutmeg. When the milk is warm start adding the flour slowly, whisking  the milk at the same time. Add the flour a little at a time to avoid lumps.When the sauce starts to thicken switch the heat off and continue to whisk until you get a creamy texture and there you go,easy white sauce for your home made lasagna.
In a bowl break the fresh cheecelets with a fork and add spinach,grated parmesan,2 well beaten eggs and pepper.combine all the ingredients all together and put aside.
In a rectangular lasagna dish spread a small amount of the meat sauce, place the lasagna pasta and again red sauce,on that a layer of the cheece mix and top with grated parmesan and pepper. Repeat the same layers respectively and finsh with white sauce on top. Finish with grated parmesan and papper to taste. Finally add 100ml of milk from a corner of the dish to keep your lasagna moist while cooking.Cook for 30 min.You may need to cover it up with tin foil for the first 10 min.

Submitter: 
vanillavalley.yam
Description: 
Home made lasagna made with love
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
