URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63501606/delicious-oatmeal-cookies---orange-craisin-mini-chocolate-chip/
Title:
Delicious Oatmeal Cookies - Orange, Craisin, Mini Chocolate Chip Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/955987.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 C (1 stick) margerine
6 Tbsp Butter Flavored Crisco
3/4 C packed brown sugar
1/2 C granulated raw sugar (can substitute granulated white sugar)
2 large eggs
1 tsp vanilla
1 1/2 C Bob's Red Mill 10 Grain Flour or All purpose flour
1 tsp baking soda
1 tsp cinnamon
dash of ground nutmeg
dash of ground cloves
2 C Old Fashioned Oats
1 C Bob's Red Mill Five Grain Rolled Cereal (or just use 3 C old fashioned oats)
Zest of one orange
1 C Ocean Spray Craisins
1 C Mini Toll House Morsels

Directions:
Preheat your oven to 350 degrees F.  In a large bowl, combine butter, shortening, and sugars together until fluffy and creamy.
Add in eggs and vanilla; returning it to a fluffy mix.
Add in baking soda, cinnamon, ground nutmeg, and ground cloves.  The gradually add in flours, half cup at a time until smooth.
Stir in the oats, half cup at a time, until your dough is well mixed.
Zest one orange into cookie batter and mix well.  Drop one dozen onto cookie sheet, in rounded tablespoon size balls (or use cookie scoop), sprayed with cooking spray, and bake for 8-12 minutes depending on oven and cookie sheet used.  Watch for the edges to turn golden brown and the tops of the cookies to not shine.
Add in Craisins and mix well.  Drop another dozen onto cookie sheet, coated with cooking spray, and put into oven after first dozen is done cooking.  Bake for 8-10 minutes.
Add in the mini chocolate chips and mix well. (mini chocolate chips blend better into the batter and don't overpower the other flavors)  Drop another dozen onto prepared cookie sheet, and again, bake after second batch comes out.    (You should have a dozen or so left in the bowl you will need to cook the same)

Submitter: 
Amy Bowker
Description: 
This is a favorite recipe I hacked and made healthier.  With the progressive cookie recipe, you're able to make three different but cohesive flavors from one dough, just adding another ingredient into the final dough.  It's always a hit and the extra hint of spice and orange, delight taste buds!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
48
Nutritional Facts:
NA
