URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63516406/buffalo-chicken-mac-and-cheese/
Title:
Buffalo Chicken Mac and Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/960307.jpg
Ingredients:
1 lb macaroni noodles
1 rotisserie chicken
6 T butter
6 T flour
3 c milk (I use 1% but anything will work. More fat=richer flavor)
2 c shredded cheddar cheese
2 c shredded monterey jack cheese
½ c blue cheese of choice (I prefer Gorgonzola)
½ c Frank’s Red Hot Sauce or more to taste
pepper

Directions:
Boil the macaroni in generously salted water until al dente.  Drain.
Remove the wings and legs from the chicken.  Save the breasts and remainder of carcass for another use.  Skin the chicken parts, then remove the meat from the bones and chop or shred into bite-size pieces.  You can dice some of the white meat as well for this if you want more chicken, but I find using only dark meat enhances the “buffalo chicken” flavor.  Set aside.
Melt the butter over medium heat in a large dutch oven or saucepan.  Using a whisk, gradually add the flour, making a roux.  Cook the roux for about a minute, whisking the whole time.  Add the milk and continue to whisk.  This will start to bubble and thicken.  Continue to cook until it is smooth and is “saucy”, about a minute.  Turn heat to low and add pepper to taste.
Add the cheddar and monterey jack.  Stir until melted and combined.  Add the hot sauce and taste.  Ideally, this will make it taste like buffalo wings with just a hint of spice.  You can add as much as you like to kick up the flavor.  For more heat, you can add cayenne pepper.  There’s a limit to how hot the Frank’s will make the sauce by itself.  Once you are happy with this, add the blue cheese and stir in.  Finally, add the chicken and macaroni and mix.  Serve immediately with celery sticks and beer.  Huzzah!

Submitter: 
Matt R
Description: 
I saw my local ballpark was introducing buffalo chicken mac and cheese and thought it was a great idea!  This is what I whipped up.  Let me know what you think.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
