URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63519093/runzas/
Title:
Runza's Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Dough:
2 pkg. Active Dry Yeast
2 Cups warm milk
1/2 cup sugar
1/2 t. salt
2 eggs beaten
1/2 cup shortening, margarine or butter
7-8 cups all-purpose flour
Filling:
2 lbs ground beef
1 Head of cabbage-finely shredded
Lots of salt and pepper

Directions:
Dough:
PUt yeast and milk in a bowl. Let sit for 5 minutes. Add sugar salt, eggs and softened butter. Mix. Gradually add flour while mixing. Add flour until dough pulls together into a ball. Knead for 4-5 minutes or until dough is smooth. (This really works best with a free-standing mixer with a dough hook).
Put in a greased bowl,cover with a towel and allow to rise until double.
Punch down and let it rise again.
Remove dough from bowl and divide into thirds. On a floured surface, roll one portion of the dough to 1/4" thickness. Cut inot 5" or 6" squares.
Give each square and extra roll with the rolling pin before filling.
Filling:
Brown ground beef. Add shredded cabbage and cook over medium heat until cabbage is softened. add salt and pepper to taste.... it takes a lot!
Start about half way through the second rise of the doug. Set aside until dough is ready.
Making Runzas: Pul a lare mound of filling on the cneter of each dough square. Pull opposite two corners together and use your fingers to pinch all edges together to seal in filling. Turn Runza over and put ona cookie sheet lined with parchment paper.
Space Runzas about 1" appart. When cookie sheet is full put a towel over it an let it rise for 15 minutes.
Bake Runzas at 350 for 15-20 minutes-until they are deep brown.
Remove from oven and rub butter on the top of each Runza.
Cool on cooling rack or eat them now!

Submitter: 
Robyn Dye
Description: 
Runza's speak for themselves.... Yumm Yumm
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
2 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
