URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/63519/fried-frog-legs-with-creamy-onion-mushroom-gravy/
Title:
Fried Frog Legs with Creamy Onion-Mushroom Gravy Recipe
Image:
https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.media-allrecipes.com%2Fuserphotos%2F1131454.jpg
Ingredients:
1 ½ pounds meaty frog legs
1 cup milk
1  eggs, lightly beaten, divided
1 teaspoon garlic powder
½ teaspoon onion powder
1 cup all-purpose flour
¼ cup fine dry bread crumbs
2 tablespoons yellow cornmeal
½ teaspoon baking powder
2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper
1 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1 teaspoon paprika
½ teaspoon dried oregano
½ teaspoon ground thyme
¼ teaspoon cumin
1 teaspoon dried parsley
½ cup olive oil
3 tablespoons butter
1 small onion, diced
5 large mushrooms, diced
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 cup milk
1 cup evaporated milk
1 teaspoon instant chicken bouillon granules
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Rinse frog legs and pat dry. Separate the legs at the joint if desired. Set aside. In a medium bowl, mix together 1 cup milk, half of the beaten egg (about 1 tablespoon), garlic powder, and onion powder. Place the frog legs into the mixture, cover and refrigerate for about one hour, stirring occasionally.
In a large bowl, stir together 1 cup flour, bread crumbs, cornmeal, baking powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, cayenne, paprika, oregano, thyme, cumin and parsley. Mix well and set aside.
Heat the olive oil and butter in a large skillet or electric skillet set to medium heat. For an electric skillet, set to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Dip each frog leg portion into the flour and spice mixture, packing on as much of the dry mixture as you can. Place the coated frog legs into the pan so they are close but not touching. Cook for about 15 minutes, until browned and crispy, turning often to prevent burning.  Take care, they will become more fragile as they cook. Remove from pan, and place on paper towels to drain.
Add the chopped onion and mushrooms to the skillet, and sprinkle them with chicken bouillon. Cook, stirring frequently until onions and vegetables are soft. Sprinkle the last 2 tablespoons of flour into the skillet, and stir to blend in. Cook, stirring constantly until the flour is browned. Mix together the remaining 1 cup milk, evaporated milk, and the other half of the beaten egg. Gradually mix into the skillet. Whisk or stir constantly until the gravy is thick and bubbly. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Add the frog legs, and serve them smothered with gravy.

Submitter: 
NCwriter
Description: 
The delicate flavor of frog legs, enhanced with savory spices and sauteed until crispy, then served with a delicious, creamy onion gravy. Mouth wateringly delicious! The gravy can be served over rice or potatoes, or you can put the frog legs back into it to serve them smothered in gravy.
Categories:
NA

Number of ratings:
9 Ratings
Number of stars:
4.33
Prep time: 
1 hr
Ready in:
1 hr 30 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
Per Serving:
789 calories
46
g fat
52.2
g carbohydrates
41.5
g protein
163
mg cholesterol
1641
mg sodium.
