URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63515013/chinese-chicken-with-noodles-recipe/
Title:
Chinese Chicken with Noodles Recipe Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb thin spaghetti or angel hair
½ cup soy sauce
¼ cup sesame oil
1/3 cup sugar
3 green onions (thinly sliced)
¼ cup sesame seed
¼ cup soy sauce
¼ cup teriyaki sauce
2 garlic cloves (minced)
¼ cup brown sugar
1 teaspoon fresh ginger (chopped)
4 boneless skinless chicken breasts (sliced into 1 inch chunks)
sesame oil (for sautéing)

Directions:
In a large bowl mix together ¼ cup soy sauce, ¼ cup teriyaki sauce, garlic, ¼ cup brown sugar, and ginger.  Mix well and make sure the sugar has dissolved. Add the chicken and coat the chicken with the sauce. Cover and place into the refrigerator for 2-3 hours.
To prepare sesame noodles—bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook noodles according to package directions. Drain and rinse the noodles. In a jar or sealable container add ½ cup soy sauce, ¼ cup sesame oil, and 1/3 cup sugar. Shake until well blended and the sugar has dissolved. Pour sauce over the pasta and toss to combine. Cover and set aside while the chicken is cooking.
Remove the chicken from the marinade and discard the marinade. Heat sesame oil in a large fry-pan or wok. Add the chicken and stir-fry in batches for about 10 minutes or until the chicken is fully cooked (the internal temperature has reached 165 degrees). Add more sesame oil as needed.
Remove the chicken from the pan and serve the chicken over the sesame noodles. Garnish with sesame seeds and sliced green onions.

Submitter: 
Terri Myers
Description: 
Like most Chinese recipes, this dish is very easy to prepare and most of the work comes from prepping the sauce and chopping the ingredients. This recipe includes a marinated teriyaki flavored chicken with noodles that have a delicious sesame flavor.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
3 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
