URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63513231/arroz-con-camarones/
Title:
Arroz con Camarones Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 lbs raw shrimp, shells on, deveined
2 tsp cumin
4 garlic cloves, crushed
4 garlic cloves, minced
2 tbs canola or sunflower oil
2 cups uncooked rice
3 tbs butter
1 red onion, diced
1 bell pepper, diced
2 tomatoes, peeled and seeded, diced
3 tbs parsley, finely chopped, plus more to garnish
1 tsp ground achiote or annatto
½ cup of white wine
Salt and pepper

Directions:
Marinate the shrimp with salt, pepper, 1 tsp of cumin, and the crushed garlic, let rest for an hour.
Bring water to boil in a large pot, add the shrimp and boil for about 2 minutes.
Remove the shrimp from the water and reserve 2 ½ cups of the water they cooked in to prepare the rice.
Remove the shells and tails from the shrimp; leave the tails on a few of the shrimp that will be used as a garnish. Chop about half of the shrimp in half and leave the other half whole.
Heat the oil in a large saucepan or pot, add the minced garlic, cook for about 2-3 minutes on medium heat.
Add the rice to the garlic and oil, mix well until the rice is coated with oil.
Add the 2 ½ cups of water that was used to boil the shrimp. Bring to boil and reduce heat to low.
In the meantime, melt the butter over medium heat in a large sauté pan; add the onions, peppers, tomatoes, parsley, ground achiote, salt, pepper, and remaining 1 tsp of cumin. Cook for about 10 minutes, stirring often.
Add the white wine to the vegetable mix and continue cooking for another 5 minutes, until the onions and peppers are tender.
Mix in the sautéed vegetables and chopped shrimp with the rice, which should still be cooking, and cook on low heat until the rice is tender.
Add the remaining shrimp during the last minutes and mix well.
Taste and add salt and pepper if needed.
Sprinkle with chopped parsley and garnish with shrimp with tails on.
Serve with avocado slices, tomato and onion curtido salad, lime slices, and of course some good aji or hot sauce.

Submitter: 
Sasha Harlow
Description: 
Arroz con camarones or shrimp rice is a classic Ecuadorian and South American dish from the coastal areas consisting of rice cooked in a shrimp broth and mixed with shrimp, sautéed onions, peppers, tomatoes, garlic, cumin, achiote and parsley.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
