URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63522156/eggs-chilaquiles---simple-quick-mexbreakfast/
Title:
Eggs Chilaquiles - Simple Quick MexBreakfast Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 tbsp canola oil
2 fresh small corn tortillas
2 eggs
A good salsa verde or roasted tomato salsa
2% sharp cheddar
50% Less Fat Bacon Bits (Hormel)
Butter spray
1 can refried beans
1 avocado
1 sprig cilantro

Directions:
Heat a flat griddle that will do four pancakes or more (size) to a medium heat
Open your can of beans and get all ingredients into place.
Slice the avocado into slices and set aside.
Pull a couple of leaf stems from the sprig of cilantro and set aside for garnish.
Have a rigid plastic spatula (metal scratches most griddles), knife and spoon handy.
Pour the oil into a small plate.  Quickly coat both sides of the tortillas and place on the griddle.
Spray the butter spray or pan release, break each egg separately on the griddle and fry sunny-side up.
After about a minute, turn the tortillas over. Gently punch down any air bubbles with the spatula.
Holding the tortilla with the edge of the spatula, "butter" the tortilla with a thin layer of refried beans.
Take the spoon and top the refried beans with a few drips of the salsa.
Place a little of the shredded cheese on.
Put a layer of avocado, reserving one or two for garnish.
As soon as you finish, take the fried egg and put it on top of the corn tortilla. Remove from the griddle to a plate.
Drip a little more salsa around the egg yolk.
Sprinkle with a pinch of bacon bits.
Sprinkle cheese around the top lightly
Place the slice of avocado and the sprig of cilantro on to garnish it. Serve!

Submitter: 
The Jazz Chef
Description: 
A fabulous quick breakfast item that adds a little fun kick to normal egg breakfasts. Simple to do, it has a lot of pop that will impress someone for a brunch for two!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
10-15 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
