URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63524634/lemon-cream-pie-by-lisa-toney/
Title:
Lemon Cream Pie by Lisa Toney Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/962336.jpg
Ingredients:
•	2 Pie Crusts. You can buy graham or shortbread foiled ones or the pastry ones and PRECOOK/COOL.Or, of course, you could make your own pastry crust! MMMmm. Make sure it is cooled b4 use.
•	16 oz of Cream Cheese. Room temperature only not chilled. Do not attempt to rush this part! It won't blend well if it's warmed up too fast! I know from experience!
•	1/2 cup Lemon Juice. I use the bottle but feel free to squeeze! You can use 1/4 if you prefer.
•	2 tsp Lemon Extract. May use a bit more or less!
•	7 oz Sweetened Condensed Milk. I have used more of this when I use more of others. Customize! I keep wanting to try LIME juice and add white chocolate to top! HAVE fun!
•	8 oz Whipped Topping-thawed. I tend to use Cool Whip. You can use 16 oz w/o harming recipe! I have! Do use 16oz if you use more milk/juice.

Directions:
1.	Prepare crusts. Set aside ready to be used. Get a large mixing bowl, mixer, and a few teaspoons because you must have a taster to get it "right." Make sure that cream cheese is not cold.
2.	Put cream cheese in bowl. Mix on low; then whip until smooth and lighter.
3.	Add lemon juice. I usually use 1/2 cup as is. It does not make it too tart at ALL! If you plan to use 16 Oz of whipped topping, do be sure to use 1/2 cup. Blend it with cream cheese.
4.	Blend in Sweetened condensed milk. IF you use more, be sure to use more topping! We want it firm.
5.	Blend in a teaspoon of lemon extract. You want the flavor a bit strong as the topping will dilute it. Taste! It should taste as strong as lemon iced box pie at this point. I like mine a bit more-I use Tablespoon at least!
6.	Blend well. Gently FOLD in the thawed whipped topping. Do not use mixer! Taste again.
7.	It should taste LIGHT. Split between the two crusts and enjoy the extra! :)
8.	Chill a couple of hours in refrigerator. Done! YES! It IS that easy! Hope you and yours enjoy!

Submitter: 
Lisa Ann Toney
Description: 
by lisa ann toney of Carolina Cotton Company

My original recipe combines several you already know! Easy! Quick! It is smooth and light with creamy yet deep flavor and pleases the multitudes! Hope you enjoy it! I use it ALL the time! Feel Free to copy/paste and share if you keep my link! ;)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
