URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63526696/cheesy-chipotle-chicken-quesadillas/
Title:
Cheesy Chipotle Chicken Quesadillas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/963352.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil
4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, cut into cubes
1 package taco seasoning (or 2 tablespoons homemade taco seasoning)
1 teaspoon chipotle chile powder (add more or less according to taste)
Salt and Pepper to taste
1 onion, chopped
1 green bell pepper, chopped
1 red bell pepper, chopped
8 flour tortillas
2 cups Sargento Artisan Blends Shredded Authentic Mexican Blend
1 cup pico de gallo salsa, drained (or any other thick and chunky type salsa)
1/2 cup sour cream (optional)

Directions:
Sprinkle chicken with salt, pepper, taco seasoning, and chipotle chile powder.
Heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat.
Place chicken breasts in skillet and cook for about 5 to 6 minutes on each side, until cooked through and no longer pink.
Remove chicken from skillet and set aside.
Add one more tablespoon of olive oil to the skillet and add the onions and red and green bell peppers. Cook until the onions and bell peppers are softened.  Remove from skillet and set aside.
While onions and peppers are cooking, cut the chicken into cubes.
Place 1 flour tortilla in the skillet.  Sprinkle with 1/8th of the cheese.  Add 1/8th of the cubed chicken.  Top with 1/8th of the sautéed onions and bell peppers, and finally with the pico de gallo salsa.
Sprinkle more cheese.  (Can't have too much cheese!)
Top the quesadilla with the other tortilla.   When the cheese has started melting, flip the quesadilla to cook on the other side.  When cheese has melted, remove from the skillet and place on a plate.  Cut into four slices.
Repeat the process with each quesadilla until all are done.
Top each quesadilla with a dollop of sour cream and a tablespoon of pico de gallo.

Submitter: 
Occasional Cooker
Description: 
We love quesadillas here in Texas.  The gooey melted cheese combined with the spicy chicken and sautéed onions and peppers tastes awesome.  This recipe adds chipotle chile powder to give it that little extra kick.   Top with your favorite toppings such as sour cream, guacamole, extra cheese or pico-de-gallo for a great appetizer or main meal.  The best part is that it is so quick and easy to make.  We hope your family enjoys it as much as ours.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
