URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63525379/fair-day-fried-mac-cheese-balls/
Title:
Fair Day Fried Mac & Cheese Balls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/962488.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound elbow macaroni
2 tablespoons unsalted butter
2 tablespoons all purpose flour
2 cups warmed milk, plus 2 tablespoons for egg wash
1 pound Sargento Chef's Blends Shredded 4 State Cheddar
1 pound grated smoked Gouda
Salt & Pepper, to taste
2 eggs
3 cups seasoned Panko crumbs
Vegetable oil for frying
Your choice of dipping sauces like Marinara, Alfredo or Ketchup

Directions:
Cook the macaroni per package instructions. Drain and rinse with cold water to stop the cooking. Drain again and set aside.
In a saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Sprinkle the flour into the butter and stir it with a whisk. Cook for 2 minutes. Whisk the warmed milk into the flour mixture, working out any lumps. Cook until the roux thickens, about 2-3 minutes. Add cheeses, and stir until cheeses begins to melt. Remove from heat and keep stirring until completely melted and smooth; season with salt and pepper. Fold the cheese sauce into the macaroni. Pour the mac and cheese into a shallow pan and refrigerate until cold, at least 2 hours.
Shape the cold mac and cheese into meatball-sized balls and place them onto a waxed paper-lined tray. Freeze overnight or until completely frozen.
To bread the mac and cheese balls, beat the eggs and 2 tablespoons milk together in a shallow bowl. In another shallow bowl, add seasoned Panko crumbs. Remove mac and cheese balls from freezer, dip the balls into the egg wash and then into the Panko crumbs. If not frying immediately, put the balls back into the freezer until you're ready to fry.
Heat oil in a deep-fat fryer to 350 degrees F. Fry the mac and cheese balls until they're golden brown and the center's hot, about 4-5 minutes. Serve hot with your favorite dipping sauce, Marinara, Alfredo, ketchup or all for dipping.

Submitter: 
MariaTheSoaper
Description: 
Perfect finger food, these Fried Mac & Cheese balls just scream summer time Fair fun. Its not really healthy, but oh-so delicious and cheesy, what else do you need? The initial prep is worth the gooey goodness! Again if you're not into deep-fried foods, you'll want to skip this recipe, its all about the unhealthy decadence.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m + overnight
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
