URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63524301/grilled-cheese-quick-bread/
Title:
Grilled Cheese Quick Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/962238.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cups whole wheat flour
1 tbsp baking powder
1 tsp baking soda
¼ tsp cayenne pepper
¼ tsp black pepper
½ tsp paprika
1 tsp mustard powder
1 tsp salt
1 ¼ cup buttermilk
4 tbsp melted butter
1 egg
½ cup mayonnaise
1-2 dashes of Worcestershire sauce
1 bag of Sargento Chef Blends Shredded 4 state cheddar cheese
1 tsp. dried or 1 tbs. fresh parsley (optional)
¼ cup of Sargento Artisan Blends Shredded Parmesan  (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350.  Butter a 5 x 9 nonstick loaf pan.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda, cayenne pepper, black pepper, paprika, mustard powder, and salt.  Stir to combine.
In a separate medium bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, butter, egg, mayonnaise, and Worcestershire sauce until smooth.
Pour liquid mixture on top of the dry ingredients, and mixed until just combined.
Gently fold in entire bag of Sargento Chef Blends Shredded 4 State Cheddar into the dough.  It will be a little thick.
Scrape batter into the loaf pan and even out the top with a rubber spatula.
Sprinkle Sargento Artisan Blends Shredded Parmesan and dried or fresh parsley on top if desired.
Bake on the middle rack for about 45-50 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the loaf comes out clean.  Remove from oven and let rest in loaf pan for about five minutes, then invert the loaf onto a wire rack and let cool about 15-20 more minutes.
Cut into slices and serve!

Submitter: 
Jennifer C. Martin
Description: 
This quick bread combines all the flavors of grilled cheese into one loaf.  Goes great with all kinds of soup - or you could go crazy and make grilled cheese sandwiches with the grilled cheese bread!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
