URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63520666/dusk-till-dawn-big-game-savory-pulled-pork-bbq/
Title:
Dusk till Dawn Big Game Savory Pulled Pork BBQ Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Large pork shoulder roast 8-10 lbs.  1 tsp each: sage, oregano and thyme.  At least 2 tsp granulated garlic (or garlic cloves). 2 tsp olive oil. 1/2 tsp each salt and fresh ground pepper(or to taste). 2 18oz bottles of your favorite BBQ sauce.  1 cup Marsala wine (NOT cooking wine) or sherry or whatever YOU like.  1 cup cider vinegar.  6 cans or bottles of your favorite beer (heavier is better).  4 tbs of "red" hot sauce (brand doesn't matter). 2 large onions, chopped.  1 or 2 large Habanero peppers.  12 or more soft rolls of your choice.

Directions:
At 8PM (Dusk)get out your large slow cooker, you know the BIG one.  Set the beast into it, fat side up, after you spray with nonstick.  Cut 10-12 DEEP slits into the top.  Mix the oil, garlic, sage, oregano, thyme and s&p to make a paste.  Spoon (or use your fingers) the paste into the slits so it is literally into the meat.  Fill whatever space is left in the pot with beer, maybe one or two.  Set the crockpot on low and the timer to 12 hours. You've done well so far, have a couple beers now and go watch Sons Of Anarchy, American Horror Story or something else fun.
8 or 9AM (Dawn), pull the beast out of the crock pot and let cool a bit if you want.  Ditch all the bones and "gooey" stuff and separate with forks or your fingers if you see fit.  Taste it.  You might want to stop here or at least set some of this savory pork aside 'cause it's awesome right now!  Save the juice that's in the crockpot aside if you want a great base for gravy (ditch the fat first) or put it back in.  All the meat goes back into pot.  Add 1 bottle of the BBQ sauce, then the vinegar, red hot sauce, chopped onions and wine. Stir a bit.  Grind up the Habanero(s) if they're dried, or chop fine if fresh. Sprinkle on top.  Set the timer for 1 hour, turn on high. Check and stir.  Now 2 hours low. Check and stir occasionally and add beer if it starts to get dry or it you like it "juicier".  After the 2 hours on low, turn on "Keep Warm" and start watching the pre-game 'cause it should be about noon or so.  Have another beer while your friends start to show up.

Submitter: 
watchtime
Description: 
I've NEVER had pulled pork I liked till this.  Easy and awesome.  You can't stop.  You'll put it on crackers and chips.  Spicy and Savory.  Hot isn't just a word, it's a state of mind.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30-45 mins
Ready in:
15 h
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
