URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63529129/french-garlic-soup/
Title:
French Garlic Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/963648.jpg
Ingredients:
4 garlic heads
large glass olive oil
enough flour to absorb the oil
1 quart hot water or stock
fresh thyme
the thinnest bought noodles you can find
salt and pepper and add a pinch of freshly cut parsley

Directions:
Cut each garlic head in half but don't peel.
Pour a large glass olive oil inside an ovenproof dish and place each half garlic head flat in the oil.
Roast the oven for about an hour or until the garlic is soft throughout and nicely browned. When ready, you'll be able to lift the top halves of each garlic head like a hat and free the remaining half-cloves (The bottom halved will require some help with a pointed half to free the half garlic cloves)..
Place all the garlic cloves in large pot.
Mop the oil remaining in the dish with the flour. It is infused with delicious garlic flavor and would be a pity to waste. Place oil, garlic and flour in the pot and mash with a potato ricer.
When the flour is thoroughly mixed with the oil, and not before, turn the heat on and fry for a minute.
Add 1 liter/ 1 quart hot water or stock. It is imperative that you have a smooth oil-garlic-flour mixture before doing so, as it is the basis of the soup's thick consistency. If you miss this step you'll end up with a floury and very thin soup.
Flavor with a few herbs such as fresh thyme and simmer for 20 minutes or so.
Break the thinnest bought noodles you can find into little pieces, and add them to the soup. Simmer just enough for the noodles to be cooked.
Finally, rectify the seasoning with salt and pepper and add a pinch of freshly cut parsley.
Serve with toasted garlic bread.

Submitter: 
Mark Kowitz
Description: 
I found this healthy French garlic soup in the Larousse de la cuisine des familles, presented as a family recipe from a Provence mama. Wicked way of roasting whole garlic heads.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
