URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63531238/hot-and-sour-soup-unique/
Title:
Hot and Sour Soup Unique Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 dried mushrooms, such as wood ears or shitake, may also use 4 fresh shitake mushrooms
1 tablespoon olive oil
½ inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and grated
½ cup canned bamboo shoots, chopped
1 cup cooked pulled pork
2 tablespoons soy sauce
2 tablespoons rice vinegar
½ teaspoon sea salt
1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper or white pepper
Pinch sugar
1 cup chicken broth + 3 cups hot water + 3 tsp chicken bouillon granules
2/3 cup bean sprouts, rinsed
¼ pound large sized raw shrimp (not jumbo prawns), shelled and deveined
1½ tablespoons cornstarch mixed with water
Chopped green onions, for garnish
Sriracha® hot sauce

Directions:
Put the dried mushrooms, if using, in a small bowl and cover with cold water. Let stand for 30 minutes so to reconstitute. Slice the mushrooms into thin strips, discarding the stems, and reserve the soaking water to add to the broth. If using fresh mushrooms, remove and discard the stems from the fresh shitake mushrooms and slice the fresh mushrooms into thin strips.
Pour the reserved water from the mushroom soaking dish, if used, into a 4 cup measuring cup and add the choice of chicken broth into the cup to equal 4 cups liquid.
Heat the oil in a wok or large pot over medium-high flame. Add the ginger, mushrooms  bamboo shoots, and pork; cook and stir for 1 minute to infuse the flavor. Combine the soy sauce, vinegar, salt, pepper, and sugar in a small bowl, pour it into the wok and toss everything together and cook for 1 more minute. Pour in the Chicken broth, bring the soup to a boil, lower the heat and simmer for 10 minutes. Add the bean sprouts and the shrimp and cook for 2 minutes.
Dissolve the cornstarch in the water and stir until smooth thus making a slurry. Mix the slurry into the soup and continue to simmer until the soup thickens. Remove the soup from the heat and stir in 1 direction to get a current going then stop stirring. Slowly pour in the beaten eggs in a steady stream and watch it spin around and feather in the broth (it should be cooked almost immediately.) Garnish the hot and sour soup with chopped green onions before serving. Offer Sriracha ® hot sauce to diners to spice their servings of soup.

Submitter: 
Dale
Description: 
This soup is unique in that uses bean sprouts in place of tofu and the addition of shrimp.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
