URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63534217/stress-free-pressure-ginger-pork/
Title:
Stress Free Pressure: Ginger Pork Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 lbs. boneless pork ribs
1 Tbsp. vegetable oil
1 Tbsp. soy sauce
2 tsp. grated fresh ginger
fresh pepper to taste
1 Tbsp. vegetable or olive oil
1/4 cup onion, sliced
1/2 med. carrot, diced
4 large cloves garlic, peeled and crushed
1 tsp. tomato paste or ketchup
1 cup chicken broth
1 Tbsp. honey
2 Tbsp. cider vinegar
1 Tbsp. butter

Directions:
Heat a 4 or 6 quart pressure cooker over high heat. Add vegetable or olive oil. Heat until wisps of smoke appear. Pat pork dry using paper towels and salt lightly on all sides. Place pork into pressure cooker without crowding and brown thoroughly on each side.
Add onion, carrot and garlic and stir together for 1 minute. Add remaining ingredients reserving the butter and stir to deglaze the pan.
Seal pressure cooker. Bring to 15 lbs. pressure, lower heat and cook for 20-25 minutes, using the longer time for thicker cuts.
Use the natural pressure release. Remove pork to warm platter, cover and set aside. Reduce sauce over high heat for 3-5 minutes. Thicken if desired using 1 Tbsp. corn starch dissolved in 1 Tbsp. cold water, add to hot stock, stirring well return to boil and boil for one minute. Taste and add salt and pepper to taste. Add butter and stir gently to melt.
Slice pork across the grain, tasting and seasoning, if desired, prior to serving, and serve with sauce.

Submitter: 
janet7th
Description: 
Using a pressure cooker allows you to cook delicious, tender pork in 15-20 minutes. The rapid cooking preserves flavor and nutrients, saves energy and allows you to serve a full meal while heating the kitchen only minimally. Serve this with mashed potatoes, a green vegetable and apple sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
