URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63536379/buffalo-chicken-twice-baked-potatoes/
Title:
Buffalo Chicken Twice baked potatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 Large baking potatoes
4 boneless skinless chicken breasts (or you can buy a large rotisseri Chicken at the grocery store)
3 cups shredded cheese (I use mild cheddar)
1 1/2 cups Texas Pete Buffalo sauce (I get extra mild all depends on how spicy you want them)
1 Stick butter or Margarine
salt and pepper to taste
Sour cream for topping
Buffalo sauce for topping

Directions:
Bake potatoes in a 350 degree oven for 1 1/2 to 2 hours depending on their size
(I buy LARGE potatoes, so they take 1 1/2 to 2 hours). Check after 1 hour then check every 15 minutes.
OR
bake them in the microwave to get done faster
Cook chicken - You can cut it up into small pieces and brown in a pan, stick it in the oven on a cookie sheet the last 30 minute the potatoes are cooking. However you choose - just make sure the chicken is well done.
Once potatoes are done cut each potato in half and scoop all the potato out of the skin into a large bowl add the stick of butter and mix until butter is melted and mixed in.
Add salt and pepper to taste
If chicken is not cut up or you are using a rotisserie, cut the chicken into small bite size pieces add to the potato mixture
Add 2 cups of the shredded cheese and 1 1/2 cups of buffalo sauce to the potato mixture.
Mix well - you can mix it to the consistency you want. I like mine lumpy so I get chunks of potato. Others may want the potato like mashed potatoes.
Scoop the mixture into the empty potato skins, top with shredded cheese. Bake at 350 about 20 minutes.
Until the inside is hot and the cheese is melted.
Serve with sour cream and buffalo sauce as desired.

Submitter: 
Karencuts
Description: 
This is a recipe I thought of on a COLD saturday night! I wanted baked potatoes and had a craving for buffalo chicken too. I just combined the two. These are GREAT! My whole family loves them!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 - 20 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
