URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63534091/easy-cinnamon-apple-jelly---with-applesauce-bonus/
Title:
EASY Cinnamon Apple Jelly - With Applesauce Bonus Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/965294.jpg
Ingredients:
1 Container of Simply Apple (Juice) - I love the
flavor of unfiltered pure apple juice and this
really does make the difference.
1 Container of Frozen Tree Top 100% juice concentrate
4 Large Fiji Apples (or personal preference)
4 Cinnamon Sticks
1 t Ground Cinnamon
8 Cups of Sugar
1 tube of liquid pectin

Directions:
Pour all juices n large heavy pot, cut and core apples place in pot(leave on peel) - throw in Cinnamon's (Ground and Sticks) bring to a boil, to cook the apples through. - Take out apples with a spoon into food processor, process well and put back into pot, cook for another 15 minutes. Use a FINE wire strainer to strain out apples, place the apples in a container and refrigerate to eat later - (the best applesauce!!) Strain juice again using many layers of cheese cloth... In my case I used very clean (doubled) flour sack type kitchen towel (2 x's). Pour the liquid back into the pot (putting cinnamon sticks back in as well) add sugar and pectin, bring to a rolling boil and a half a pat of butter just before it boils (butter keeps it from foaming - little trick my mom taught me and it works!) ladle in to jars placing a stick of cinnamon in each jar. Place the seals and lids on each jar, making sure to clean the rim of any syrup that may have gotten on the mouth of the jar. You can then either place them in refer - or process them in a caner (boil each jar for 20 minutes to kill all the bugs) Place them inverted (upside down) on a towel for 45 min, then turn them over and wait for them to set - inverting the jar this way helps the lids to seal, when you tap the lid it should not "pop" if it does you do not have a good seal.

Submitter: 
HappyAZGirl
Description: 
My husband LOVES Apple Cinnamon Jelly and we just could not find anything he liked at the big box grocer, so I came up with this - I have to say that the Applesauce bonus is one of the great things about this recipe...it's GREAT -
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
6 h
Number of servings: 
50
Nutritional Facts:
NA
