URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63534977/chocolate-cake-with-raspberry-filling/
Title:
Chocolate cake with raspberry filling Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For Cake:
3 oz fine quality semisweet chocolate
1 1/2 cups hot brewed coffee
3 cups sugar
2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
1 1/2 cups unsweetened cocoa powder (not dutch process)
2 TSP baking soda
3/4 TSP baking powder
1 1/4 TSP salt
3 large eggs
3/4 cup vegetable oil
1 1/2 cups well-shaken buttermilk
3/4 TSP vanilla
For ganache frosting
1/2 pound fine quality semisweet chocolate
1/2 cup heavy cream
1 TBS sugar
1 TBS light corn syrup
2 TBS unsalted butter
2 10 inch round cake pans or 2 9 inch pans and cook a bit longer
Rasp Filling
2 20 oz bag frozen rasp, thawed
1/2 cup sugar, zest 1 lemon
2 TBS cornstarch

Directions:
Make cake layers:
Preheat oven to 300 degree and butter pans, line bottoms with parchment paper, butter again and coat with cocoa power.
Chop Chocolate and combine in a bowl with hot coffee. Stir occasionally until chocolate is melted and mixture is smooth.
In a large bowl sift together sugar, flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder and salt
In another bowl beat eggs until slightly thickened and lemon colored. Slowly add oil, buttermilk, vanilla,and melted chocolate mixture to eggs, beating until well combined. Add sugar mixture and beat on medium speed until just combined well.
Divide batter, bake 60 to 70 minutes until tester inserted in center comes out clean. Cool completely in racks in pans. Invert layers onto racks
Ganache Frosting:
Chop chocolate. In small sauce pan bring cream, sugar and corn syrup to boil over low heat, whisk until sugar dissolved. Add chocolate, whisk until melted. Cut butter into pieces and add to frosting whisk til smooth. Let it cool until spreadable.
Raspberry filling:
Puree rasp in food process, press through a fine mesh strainer w/back of spoon. Heat w/sugar and cornstarch until boil. Stir in zest at end.
Split layers in half to make 4 layers,  spread 1/3 raspberry filling onto 3 layers and put top layer onto cake. Spread frosting from center of top layer down the sides of cake

Submitter: 
Soccercoach
Description: 
Great cake, I'm truly a novice but it has turned out well each time I've baked it
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
