URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63536608/austrian-stuffed-collard-greens-with-sweet-sour-sauce-vegan/
Title:
Austrian Stuffed Collard Greens with Sweet & Sour Sauce (Vegan) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 bunch collard greens- Save 12 of the largest leaves
2 Tb Extra Virgin Olive oil
1/2 sweet onion- diced
1 cup basmati rice
1 Tbs pine nuts
3 cups water
1 cup ground beef substitute (plain)
1 tsp salt
1/4 tsp dill weed
1/4 tsp black pepper
1/2 lemon- juiced
Remaining Collard greens- shred.
Sauce:
1/2 cup raisins
1/2 cup chopped prunes
1/2 sweet onion chopped
1 seeded red or green pepper- small dice
2 small or 1 large diced tomato
1 cup ketchup
1 Tbs minced ginger
1 Tbs minced garlic
1/2 tsp black pepper
1/2 tsp salt
1/4 tsp mustard seeds
1 - 2 tsp minced lemon zest
1 cup water

Directions:
Filling:In a very hot saucepan, heat oil and saute rice and onions, stirring constantly for 5 minutes until fragrant and rice is white, but not browned.  Add garlic and pine nuts and cook for an additional minute.  Add ground beef substitute, water, dill, salt, and pepper, and allow to simmer on medium heat until the water is absorbed.  Cover with a lid and cook for an additional 10-15 minutes on very low heat. Stir in the shredded collards and lemon juice to this and allow to sit uncovered while it cools.
Sauce: Combine all ingredients in a small saucepan and simmer for 20-25 minutes or until there is a thicker nappe to the sauce (coats a spoon evenly).
Assembly & Cooking: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Remove the stem on each of the largest leaves, cutting a V into the leaf.  The remaining leaf will have a cut away at the bottom, but it is important to remove the thickest part of the stem to more easily wrap the filling into a proper roll.  Place 1/3 to 1/2 cup of filling in the center of each leaf, folding over each of the sides and rolling it. Arrange each roll seam-side down in a 9 x 13" casserole pan. Pour sauce over the top of the rolls and bake uncovered for 20- 25 minutes.  Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Karen Barris Calabro
Description: 
This recipe was originally made by my Austrian Great Grandmother with cabbage leaves, which are very tricky to prepare.  I've since adapted it to make it vegan, for health reasons, and changed it to collard greens which are far easier to prepare and more nutritious.  Other than these changes, the rest remains the same and is a family favorite for a post-sledding day winter meal.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
