URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63546833/colorado-style-beef-enchiladas/
Title:
Colorado Style Beef Enchiladas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/4 lb. lean ground beef
3/4 cup diced onion
3 Tbsp taco seasoning
1/2 tsp salt
1/4 tsp pepper
4 oz. can mild green chiles, chopped
6 oz green chile salsa
1/4 cup water
12 corn tortillas
1 lb cheddar cheese
Sauce:
15 oz can mild red chile enchilada sauce
15 oz can medium green enchilada sauce
1/3 cup sour cream
3 Tbsp milk

Directions:
Cooking Day:
Brown meat and diced onion in skillet on medium heat.  While meat is browning, prepare sauce (see below).  Drain meat and return to pan; add dry taco seasoning, salt, pepper, green chiles, green chile salsa, and water.  Mix well, cover, and simmer on very low heat or 15 minutes.  Check meat mixture to see if most of the water has been absorbed.  The meat should remain moist.  Adjust seasonings if desired, cover and keep warm.
For sauce:  In a medium bowl, combine red and green enchilada sauces, sour cream and milk  Whisk together until well blended and smooth.  You can add more sour cream or milk if you prefer a less intense sauce.
In a smaller pan, add 3-4 Tbsp oil and heat over medium heat until hot.  Using metal tongs, work quickly and dip each side of a corn tortilla in hot oil (not more than 1-2 seconds per side).  Promptly place tortilla on plate lined with paper towels to drain excess oil.  Repeat with remaining corn tortillas, adding extra oil to pan as needed.
To assemble:  In lined 13 x 9" casserole dish, pour 3/4 cup sauce on bottom of dish to cover.  Place a a single layer of cor tortillas on sauce.  Top with a layer of half the meat mixture then sprinkle with cheese.  Repeat tortilla, meat and cheese layers.  Pour remaining sauce over layers and top with cheese.  Cool enchiladas completely.  Freeze.
Serving day instructions
Thaw completely.  Bake at 350 degrees for 18-20 minutes or until cheese is bubbly and heated through.  Serve with shredded lettuce and diced tomatoes and top with sour cream and/or guacamole.

Submitter: 
Ciara Gavin
Description: 
Designed as a make-ahead meal, to be frozen and served later.  Recipe from the book, Don't Panic, Dinner is in the Freezer, p 127-8.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
