URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63544387/thekrusers-shrimp-etouffee/
Title:
thekruser's Shrimp Etouffee Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 recipe thekruser's Creole Rice
1 1/2 c thekruser's Shrimp Stock
2 lb good quality shrimp (31/35 size count), peeled and deveined (save the heads, shells, and tails to make thekruser's Shrimp Stock)
3/4 c fresh tomatoes, diced
1/2 c onion, finely chopped
1/2 c green onion, thinly sliced
1/4 c celery, finely chopped
1/4 c bell pepper, finely chopped
1/4 c flour
1 stick unsalted butter
1 bundle fresh thyme
3 T minced Italian parsley
2 T minced garlic
2 T Creole (or Cajun) seasoning
2 t Worcestershire sauce
1 1/2 t freshly ground black pepper
1 t cayenne pepper
1 t hot sauce (I prefer Crystal or Louisiana Gold)
1/2 t salt

Directions:
Season the shrimp with 1 T of the Creole seasoning.
Melt 4 T butter in a large (preferably cast iron) skillet, add the onion, bell pepper, and celery.
Sauté until onions are translucent.
Whisk in flour to make a blonde roux, stirring constantly appx 3-5 minutes.
Stir in the remaining Creole seasoning and a small amount of the shrimp stock to form a paste.
Add the remaining stock gradually, whisking constantly.
Bring to a boil, and then reduce to a simmer.  You may need to add a little more stock, but the desired thickness should be that of brown gravy...not to thick, not too thin.
Add tomatoes, garlic, thyme, Worcestershire, hot sauce, salt, black pepper, and cayenne.
Simmer 20-30 minutes.
Add shrimp, green onions, and parsley.
Simmer for 10 min, or until the shrimp are cooked through.
Add remaining butter.
Add salt, pepper, and Creole seasoning to taste.
Serve over thekruser's Creole Rice.

Submitter: 
Adam Thekruser Kruse
Description: 
This is my variation of one of the most famous Creole dishes, destined to make it into your recipe box.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15-20 min
Ready in:
1h to 1h 15m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
