URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63543541/trial-swedish-meatballs/
Title:
Trial Swedish Meatballs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Meatballs:
2 tablespoons butter
1/2 yellow onion, finely chopped
1 1/2 teaspoons fine salt
1 cup milk
2 large eggs
1 cup plain bread crumbs
spash Worcestershire
3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/4 teaspoon ground allspice
1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste
2 1/2 pound ground beef chuck
1/2 pound ground pork
Gravy:
4 tablespoons butter
4 T flour
2 cups beef broth
1/2 cup heavy cream
splash Worcestershire
1/2 teaspoon white sugar
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
cooking spray
Sour Cream
Parsley
Homemade Noodles

Directions:
Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir onion and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt in butter until onion begins to turn translucent, about 6 minutes.
Transfer onion mixture to a large bowl. Add milk, eggs, bread crumbs, black pepper, nutmeg, allspice, and cayenne pepper to the breadcrumb mixture; stir to combine.
Mix beef and pork into the bread crumb mixture. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour.
Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat; whisk flour into butter and cook until golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes.
Slowly whisk beef broth into butter mixture.
Increase heat to medium-high, whisk cream into mixture and bring to a simmer. Stir sugar and Worcestershire sauce into gravy. Simmer until slightly thickened, 6 to 7 minutes. Season with salt and black pepper. Remove from heat and set aside.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and lightly coat foil with cooking spray.
Roll 2 to 3 tablespoons meatball mixture into a ball using wet hands; repeat with remaining meatball mixture. Place meatballs on the prepared baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until browned, about 20 minutes.
Transfer meatballs to the gravy and cook over medium-low heat until warmed through, about 5 minutes.

Submitter: 
KARINKAY
Description: 
Serving as an appetizer with large noodles from the crock pot.Modified from: Chef John's Swedish Meatballs
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
