URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63547700/almond-peach-cornbread-with-fresh-whip-cream/
Title:
Almond Peach Cornbread with Fresh Whip Cream Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4-5 fresh peaches
1/2 cup brown sugar
1/4 cup unsalted butter
1/4 tsp salt
8 oz. Heavy whipping cream
1 tsp. almond extract
2 tbs sugar
1/2 cup almond slices
Marie Callendar's original cornbread mix (1 lbs. bag)
cooking oil spray

Directions:
Whip cream:
In a glass or metal bowl add heavy whipping cream, sugar and almond extract. Use mixer to beat until peaks form and is nice and fluffy. Cover and refrigerate.
Peach Cornbread:
In a bowl, make cornbread to packages instructions and set aside. Preheat oven based on Marie Callendar's instructions.
Spray cooking oil in 2 Qt. glass baking dish including sides.
Sprinkle almond slices evenly on bottom of dish.
Bring a pot of water to boil.
Cut an X on bottom of peaches and place in water.
Leave in boiling water for 30 seconds and then remove with a slotted spoon.
Let peaches cool slightly then cut in half.
Peel skin off and remove seed. Slice peaches 1/2" wide.
Place peach slices in a colander in your sink to drain excess juice.
In a large pan over medium heat add butter, salt and brown sugar.
Once brown sugar is dissolved add peaches and stir.
Let mixture thicken and peaches tendarize, usually around 7-10 minutes.
Pour peach mixture gently over almond slices.
Pour cornbread mixture gently over peaches. With a spatula, smooth batter evenly to cover all peaches.
Place in oven on middle rack and bake based on cornbread's instructions. should be golden brown on top.
Let cool for 5 minutes. Cut in squares.
Using a spatula take square and flip over onto serving dish so that the peaches are on top.
Top with whip cream and serve

Submitter: 
Sabrina Sperry
Description: 
This is a delicious dessert!! If you like cobblers and cornbread then you will love this hybrid. Pretty simple and not a whole lot of measuring needed. The textures and flavors are so good, and yummy served warm! Reheats great also.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
