URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63548262/cauliflower-crust-pizza/
Title:
Cauliflower crust pizza Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/969359.jpg
Ingredients:
1 head cauliflower
2 large eggs
2 teaspoons dried parsley
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon cayenne pepper
3 cloves garlic, minced (divided)
1 teaspoon sea salt
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
1 bag fresh baby leaf spinach
2 chicken or pork sausage, (sweet or spicy) casing removed
Olive Oil or Coconut Oil,for saute

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F
Cut cauliflower into small size florets, rinse well. (all the same size
In a large pot add about 2 inches of water and add cauliflower, boil for about 20 minutes. Test the cauliflower with a fork for a softness. Drain and put in a bowl to cool down
When cook put cauliflower in through a ricer or use afood processor and grind until it looks like rice. Put cauliflower back in the bowl and add eggs, parsley, basil, cayenne pepper,1 clove of garlic, salt and pepper. Mix well
Form cauliflower mixture on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. You may want to pour about a tablespoon of olive oil on the paper but it is not necessary. Form into your desired pizza shape and bake for 25 minutes, take out of oven.
In a skillet over medium heat add olive oil or coconut oil. Saute sausage for about 7-10 minutes and break into pieces. Put on a plate and set aside. Using the same pan some olive oil or coconut oil and saute the spinach. After about 2 minutes add the remainder 2 garlic cloves and finish in the skillet for another 3-4 minutes. Put spinach in a bowl
Add a layer of spinach and the sausage to the cauliflower crust and put back in the oven for another 15 minutes.
Let sit for a few minutes then slice.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
Enjoy a Paleo Pizza for dinner with a cauliflower crust. You can add any of your favorite toppings! Don’t you just love paleo recipes..
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1
Ready in:
1
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
