URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63546189/italian-stuffed-meatloaf/
Title:
Italian Stuffed Meatloaf Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 lbs ground beef
1 cup breadcrumbs
1 tsp. salt
1 tsp pepper
3 cloves garlic, minced
1/2 cup onion, diced
1/4 cup celery, diced
1 tsp Italian seasoning
1/2 tsp basil
1/4 cup parmesan cheese
2 eggs
1/4 tsp Worcestershire sauce
1/4 tsp hot pepper sauce
milk, if needed
Filling
1 cup low-fat ricotta cheese
1 cup parmesan cheese
1 Tbsp fresh parsley
1 cup mushrooms, sliced (optional)
1-2 Tbsp olive oil (optional)
2 Tbsp sun-dried tomatoes, rehydrated (optional)
1-2 cups tomato or spaghetti sauce

Directions:
Freezer Meal Preparation
Cooking day
Meat mixture:  In a small bowl, mix breadcrumbs, salt, pepper, garlic, onion, celery, Italian seasoning, basil and cheese.  Set aside.  In a large mixing bowl, break up beef and make an indentation in the center.  Break the eggs into this well, add Worcestershire sauce and hot pepper sauce.  With a fork, quickly beat the eggs and sauces together in the well.  Using either your hands or a large spoon, mix eggs and meat together until well combined.  Pour the breadcrumb mixture into the meat mixture in 2-3 installments, mixing each time until well incorporated.  If mixture seems too dry, add a little milk or one more beaten egg to the meat mixture.
For filling:  In a mixing bowl, combine ricotta cheese, shredded cheese and parsley. Mix together and set aside.  If using mushrooms, heat 1 Tbsp of olive oil over medium heat.  Pour sliced mushrooms into pan and saute for 3-4 minutes until tender.  Remove from heat and cool.
To assemble:  Divide meat mixture into 4 equal parts.  Line two loaf pans, press 1/4 of meat mix into each loaf pan.  Pressing down with your fingers or the back of a spoon, create a shallow ditch down the middle of the meat mixture.  Spread 1/2 of the ricotta filling mixture into each ditch, leaving about a 1 1/2 inch border of meat all around.  If using tomatoes and mushrooms, divide and layer over the ricotta filling.  Press a second 1/4 of meat mixture onto each loaf pan, pushing down around the outside edges to help seal in the filling.  Freeze, using foil and plastic wrap method.
Serving Day
Thaw.  Preheat oven to 350 degrees.  Bake meatloaf for 30 minutes, then spoon off any excess grease.  Pour 1-2 cups of your favorite tomato or spaghetti sauce on top of the meatloaf and bake for an additional 25-30 m

Submitter: 
Ciara Gavin
Description: 
This is a delicious variation on regular meatloaf that can be made ahead and frozen.  Recipe from the book, Don't Panic, Dinner is in the Freezer.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
1 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
