URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63543215/modernist-caprese-salad/
Title:
Modernist Caprese Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/967913.jpg
Ingredients:
Balsamic Caviar:
100 gm of balsamic vinegar (about 7 oz)
1.5 gm of agar agar
1 cup of fridge cold olive oil
Basil Film:
1 cup fresh basil leaves
50 gm of water (about 3.5 oz)
1 gm of agar agar
1 Heirloom tomato
3 oz fresh mozzarella cheese
2 oz olive oil
salt and pepper

Directions:
Balsamic Caviar: Place vinegar and agar agar in a small sauce pan over medium heat. Whisk vigorously or blend with an immersion blender. Bring to a boil. Set aside to cool for 5 minutes. Meanwhile pour cold olive oil into a tall thin vessel (I use a skinny flower vase). Once the vinegar has cooled a little, slowly add it to the olive oil drop by drop with a turkey baster. Hold the baster about 3 to 6 inches above the oil so the drops form spheres before they hit the oil. Your caviar can then be recovered by pouring the oil through a fine strainer. Refrigerate until ready to use.
Basil Film: Puree the basil with a food processor or mortal and pestle. Add water and agar agar to a small sauce pan, whisk to blend and over medium heat bring just to a boil. Allow this mixture to cool for a few minutes and then whisk in the basil puree. Pour the mix onto a rimmed dinner plate and allow to set for 15 minutes. Cut the film into 1" squares (or triangles or circles or whatever you think is fun), and use a spatula to gently peel off the plate. Store in fridge until ready to serve.
Once the film and caviar are ready, slice the tomato into 1/4 inch slices and further cut the slices into serving sized shapes (I find triangles easy and visually appealing). Add a strip of sliced mozzarella cheese to each piece, followed by a slice of the basil film and finally a tsp of the caviar. Drizzle with olive oil and then season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Scootir
Description: 
This was my first attempt at Modernist Cuisine, and it turned out surprisingly well. Merely a fun twist on an old classic, but the bold visual style and unique textures created with the technique add a little wow factor to the dish. Served it at a small dinner party and 4 plates of it vanished before I could set them down.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
