URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63552035/tex-mex-cajun-asian-chipotle-bbq-chicken-tacos/
Title:
Tex-Mex Cajun Asian Chipotle BBQ Chicken Tacos Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/970834.jpg
Ingredients:
1 medium onion, chopped
1 1/2 lbs chicken breast halves, cut into small cubes
1 teaspoon cajun or creole seasoning (if homemade, not too spicy)
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
salt and pepper to taste
3 cloves garlic, minced
1/2 red bell pepper, diced small
1 (6 ounce can) sliced water chestnuts, drained and chopped (optional)
1/4 cup tangy barbecue sauce (not too sweet)
1/4 cup hoisin, Chinese barbecue sauce
1/2 - 1 chipotle pepper in adobo sauce, chopped (depends on how spicy you like)
1 teaspoon adobo sauce
6 corn tortillas
shredded lettuce or cabbage
1 cup pico de gallo salsa, drained
3 green onions, chopped

Directions:
Add the chicken cubes to a bowl and sprinkle the cajun / creole seasoning over the chicken.
In a separate small bowl, stir together the barbecue sauce, hoisin sauce,  chipotle pepper, and adobo sauce.
Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat, and add the chicken to the skillet.  Brown the chicken, turning after about 5 minutes, and cook until the chicken is no longer pink and the juices run clear.
Add the chopped onions and bell peppers to the skillet and cook until soft, about 5 minutes.  Add the minced garlic and stir.
Add the sauce and water chestnuts to the skillet once the vegetables are soft.
Place the corn tortillas between paper towels on a plate in the microwave and microwave on high for about 30 seconds.
Place a small amount of chicken on each tortilla.  Top with the lettuce or cabbage, pico de gallo salsa and green onions.
Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Occasional Cooker
Description: 
Smoky, spicy chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, normally found in Tex-Mex cuisine, are combined with a slightly sweet Chinese barbecue sauce called hoisin sauce and a tangy Texas style barbecue sauce to make the sauce for these delicious Tex-Mex-Cajun-Asian fusion barbecue chicken tacos.  A little cajun seasoning nicely spices the chicken in addition to the sauce for the tacos.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
