URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63556309/edamame-and-roasted-corn-succotash-along-with-lemon-pepper-kale/
Title:
Edamame and Roasted Corn Succotash along with Lemon Pepper Kale Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
½ cup fresh corn kernels
1 cup water
¾ cup shelled edamame
1 Tbsp. extra-virgin olive oil
½ medium shallot, diced
½ medium red bell pepper, diced
¼ medium red onion, diced
1 Tbsp. rice vinegar
2 Tbsp. fresh lime juice
2 Tbsp. chopped fresh cilantro
Himalayan salt (to taste; optional)
Herbal seasoning blend (to taste; optional)
Directions
1.Preheat oven to 400° F.
2.Arrange corn kernels in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake for 10 minutes, or until they caramelize and begin to brown, but before they harden. Remove from oven and set aside.
3.While corn roasts, bring water to a boil in a small saucepan over medium heat; Add edamame; cook for 5 to 7 minutes. Drain. Set aside.
4.Heat oil in medium skillet over medium heat. Add shallot, bell pepper, and onion; cook, stirring frequently, for 10 minutes, or until soft.
5.Add corn and edamame; cook, stirring frequently, for 5 minutes. Remove from heat. Add vinegar, lime juice, and cilantro, plus salt and seasoning blend (if desired). Mix well.

Directions:
Directions
1.Preheat oven to 400° F.
2.Arrange corn kernels in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake for 10 minutes, or until they caramelize and begin to brown, but before they harden. Remove from oven and set aside.
3.While corn roasts, bring water to a boil in a small saucepan over medium heat; Add edamame; cook for 5 to 7 minutes. Drain. Set aside.
4.Heat oil in medium skillet over medium heat. Add shallot, bell pepper, and onion; cook, stirring frequently, for 10 minutes, or until soft.
5.Add corn and edamame; cook, stirring frequently, for 5 minutes. Remove from heat. Add vinegar, lime juice, and cilantro, plus salt and seasoning blend (if desired). Mix well.

Submitter: 
Michael J Moody
Description: 
Found this recipe online.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
