URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63551242/slow-cooker-mexican-chocolate-cake/
Title:
Slow Cooker Mexican Chocolate Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup of sugar
1 1/2 cups of flour
5 tablespoons of powdered cacao, divided into 3 and 2 tablespoons
2 teaspoons of baking powder
1 teaspoon of cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon of salt
1/2 cup of milk
2 tablespoons of melted butter
1/2 teaspoon of vanilla extract
1 1/2 cups of semi-sweet chocolate chips
3/4 cup ground Mexican chocolate
1/2 cup of chopped nuts
1 3/4 cups boiling water
Vanilla ice cream, if desired
Sweet cherries, if desired

Directions:
In a bowl, combine sugar, flour, 3 tablespoons of cacao, baking powder, cinnamon and salt.
In another bowl, combine milk, butter and vanilla. Add this mixture to the dry ingredients and mix very well.
Apply nonstick spray to a 3 quart slow cooker dish. Make sure all the sides are covered. Pour mixture into slow cooker bowl, and then sprinkle the chocolate chips into it.
In another bowl, combine the Mexican chocolate and the remaining 2 tablespoons of cacao powder, as well as the chopped nuts. Add boiling water to mixture. Pour this chocolate and nut mixture on top of the mixture already in the slow cooker, but do not blend it together.
Cover the pot and cook on high for approximately 4 to 4 1/2 hours. Test it to see if it is done by inserting a toothpick into the mix. If it comes out clean it is done.

Submitter: 
Jeff Harrell
Description: 
Easy to make desserts are the best, especially when you’re talking about desserts made with Mexican chocolate and semi-sweet chocolate chips! It’s a regular dream come true for a chocolate lover, oh so easily prepared in a slow cooker! This dessert makes a perfect end to a weekend family get-together. Eat it warm and a la mode with some vanilla ice cream for a special treat. It will soon become one of your family’s favorite sweets!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
5 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
