URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63555273/mint-chocolate-chip-cake/
Title:
Mint Chocolate Chip Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/971379.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups white sugar
1 3/4 cups all purpose flour
3/4 cup unsweeted cocoa powder
1 1/2t baking soda
1 1/2t baking powder
1t salt
2 eggs
1 cup milk
1/2 cup vegetable oil
1t vanilla extract
1t peppermint extract
1 cup boiling water
--
1 cup butter, softened
2lb bag powdered sugar
1t peppermint extract
1/2 cup milk
1 cup mini semi sweet chocolate chips
1/2t green food coloring gel
--
1/2 cup butter, softened
10 (1 ounce) squares semisweet chocolate

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.  Grease one 9x13 baking dish
In a medium bowl combine sugar, flour, cocoa, baking soda, baking powder, and salt.  Add the eggs, milk, oil, and vanilla and mix until smooth.  Stir in the boiling water by hand and pour batter into prepared pan.
Bake in preheated oven for 30-35 minutes until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out with only a few crumbs attached.  Allow cake to cool before inverting onto wire racks to cool completely.
While cake is cooling, prepare frosting by creaming the butter until smooth.  Add the powdered sugar and peppermint extract/milk mixture alternately while beating.  Add green food coloring until frosting reaches the desired color.  Once all ingredients are incorporated, whip frosting for 2-3 additional minutes on high.  Divide frosting in two bowls and stir chocolate chips into one half of the frosting by hand.
Once cake is cool, frost top of cake with pure mint frosting.  Place cake in refrigerator while making the ganache.
Combine butter and semisweet chocolate squares in a double boiler and stir until melted thoroughly.  Remove from heat and stir vigorously to ensure a smooth consistency.
Remove cake from fridge and cover entire cake and sides with ganache.  Return cake to fridge and allow to set completely.  Once set, remove cake from fridge and frost sides of cake with the mint chocolate chip frosting.

Submitter: 
mrs.embee
Description: 
Don't be intimidated by the long ingredient list - this recipe includes the cake, frosting, and ganache in one place!  This impressive cake presents well and is great for a crowd as a small piece goes a long way.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
