URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63552684/spinach-cheese-lasagna-cotti/
Title:
Spinach Cheese Lasagna-Cotti Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (15 ounce) container low fat ricotta cheese
1 cup ricotta
1 (12 ounce) package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry
1 tsp onion powder
1/2 cup egg beaters
2 teaspoons minced fresh basil
1/2 teaspoon pepper
1 teaspoon minced garlic
freshly ground pepper
1 1/2 cups shredded reduced fat mozzarella cheese, divided
1/2 cup grated reduced fat Parmesan cheese, divided NOT CANNED--get fresh from dairy aisle.
2 (26 ounce) heart healthy jars spaghetti sauce with mushrooms.
1 8 oz can tomato sauce with water added to make 1-1/2 cups
dash red pepper, or pepper flakes to taste, if desired
1 (8 ounce) package manicotti shells

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a large bowl, combine both ricottas, spinach, onion powder and egg. Season with basil, pepper and minced garlic. Mix in 1 cup mozzarella and 1/4 cup Parmesan. In a separate bowl, stir together spaghetti sauce, tomato sauce and water.
Spread 1 cup sauce in the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish. Stuff uncooked manicotti shells with ricotta mixture, and arrange in a single layer in the dish. Use the left over cheese mixture to put spoonfuls between the mannicotti. Cover with remaining sauce. Bake for 45 to 55 minutes in preheated oven til bubbling. Sprinkle with remaining mozzarella and Parmesan and bake an additional 10 minutes till middle of dish is bubbling and mozzarella is melting and noodles are soft.

Submitter: 
empebi
Description: 
It can be made ahead and kept in the refrigerator overnight up to step three and I think it is better if you do it that way. My husband doesn't ask where the meat is with this dish. It is very satisfying and filling and doesn't need much else but a salad, and some breadsticks or garlic bread with a nice red wine.Modified from: Spinach Cheese Manicotti
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
