URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63555504/ginger-glazed-pork/
Title:
Ginger glazed pork Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2242195.jpg
Ingredients:
4 pounds boneless pork loin roast (center cut)
6 ounces ginger preserves (jar)
1 small shallot, chopped
Juice from 2 lemons
3 tablespoons olive oil
1/3 cup mustard Dijon Mustard
1 teaspoon sea salt
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
Fresh sage leaves, garnish
Roasted Asparagus Salad with Arugula
Ingredients
3 pounds fresh asparagus, trimmed
1/4 cup olive (and more for coating pan)
2 garlic cloves, minced
1 small red onion, sliced paper thin
Bag of Arugula cleaned
Dressing
1/4 cup olive
1 tablespoon cider or red wine vinegar
1 tablespoon Dijon mustard
1 teaspoon lemon juice
1/2 teaspoon sea salt
1/8 teaspoon freshly ground pepper

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F
On a clean board take the pork roast and pat down with a white paper towel. Season with salt and paper.
Take a roasting pan and line the bottom with foil (for easy clean up) and place the pork on the roasting rack. Let sit for a few minutes.
To make the glaze, In a medium bowl combine ginger preserves, shallot, lemon juice, olive oil, and mustard. Take half of the mixture and put into a small sauce pan.
Using the half remaining ginger mixture from the bowl take a brush and coat the pork loin roast.
Put in oven for 25 minutes then reduce heat to 335 degrees F for about 1 hour. (Timing will depend on the size of the pork loin roast). The temperature of the pork loin should register at 145 degrees F.
6.Remove from the oven and cover loosely with foil for at least 10 minutes. (This will allow the juices to redistribute evenly)
7.While the roast is resting warm the remaining glaze over medium heat and bring to a simmer. Remove from heat and put in a bowl, slice roast and garnish with sage leaves.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F
Take a 13×9 baking dish and brush olive oil to coat. In a small bowl combine olive lace asparagus in a 13-in. x 9-in. x 2-in. baking dish coated with olive oil. In a small bowl combine oil and garlic; pour over asparagus and turn to coat. Bake, uncovered, for 20 minutes or until tender, rotating asparagus in the pan after 10 minutes. Cool completely.
Combine dressing ingredients in a small bowl
To serve, place asparagus on platter, add red onion and arugula and pour dressing over the top.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
This is another great pork loin recipe. The flavor with the ginger glaze just makes this dish amazing! This recipe also follows the paleo diet.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1
Ready in:
1
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
