URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63559674/chef-johns-minestrone-soup/
Title:
Chef John's Minestrone Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil
4 ounces chopped pancetta
1 onion, diced
1 cup diced celery
4 cloves garlic, minced
4 cups chicken broth
2 cups water, plus more as needed
1 (28 ounce) can plum tomatoes, crushed fine
1 cup canellini beans, drained & rinsed
2 cups chopped cabbage, or more to taste
1 (15 ounce) can garbanzo beans, drained
1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, or to taste
1 teaspoon Italian seasoning
2 teaspoons salt
1 bunch Swiss chard, chopped
1-1/2 cups ditalini pasta (cooked separately)
salt and ground black pepper
1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil, for drizzling
1/4 cup finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese
1/4 cup chopped fresh Italian flat-leaf parsley

Directions:
Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in large stock pot over medium-high heat. Add pancetta; cook and stir until it begins to brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in onions and celery; cook and stir until onions start to turn translucent, about 3 minutes. Stir in minced garlic and cook for another minute.
Pour chicken broth, water, and plum tomatoes into the pancetta and onion mixture. Bring to a simmer.
Stir cannellini beans, cabbage, garbanzo beans, red pepper flakes, Italian seasoning, and 2 teaspoons salt into broth mixture. Bring to a simmer and cook , adding more water as needed if the soup becomes too thick, about 45 minutes.
Stir in Swiss chard and simmer until softened, about 15 minutes. Season with salt and black pepper to taste.
Stir in pasta and cook until heated. Ladle into bowls and top with extra virgin olive oil, Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, and Italian parsley.

Submitter: 
Jean
Description: 
A great Italian soup that incorporates a wide variety of vegetables and is topped with flavorful Parmesan cheese.Modified from: Chef John's Minestrone Soup
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
