URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63557349/triple-quiche/
Title:
Triple Quiche Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/3 cup cooked bacon
1 (10 ounce) package frozen chopped spinach, thawed
1 (8 ounce) container sour cream
salt and pepper to taste
3 (9 inch)  unbaked pie crusts
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 onion, finely diced
1 red pepper, diced
1/2 pound fresh mushrooms, finely diced
2 cups finely diced smoked ham
8 ounces Monterey Jack cheese, shredded
8 ounces Cheddar cheese, shredded
4 ounces Parmesan cheese, grated
14 eggs
2 cups half-and-half cream
1 tablespoon dried parsley
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C). Place bacon in a large, deep skillet. Cook over medium-high heat until evenly brown. Drain, crumble, and set aside. Cook spinach according to package instructions. Allow to cool, then squeeze dry.
Heat olive oil in skillet over medium heat. Saute onions until soft and translucent. Stir in mushrooms and red pepper, and cook for 2 minutes, or until soft. Stir in ham and cooked bacon. Remove from heat.
In a large bowl, combine spinach, sour cream, salt and pepper. Divide, and spread into pie crusts. Layer with bacon mixture. Mix together Monterey Jack, Cheddar and Parmesan, and sprinkle over pies. Whisk together eggs, half-and-half and parsley. Season with salt and pepper, and pour over pies.
Place pies on baking sheet, and bake on middle shelf  in preheated oven for 40 minutes. The top will be puffed and golden brown. Remove from oven, and let stand for 5 to 10 minutes.

Submitter: 
The-Baby-Bow-Lady
Description: 
This recipe is excellent served for breakfast with fruit, or at lunch or dinner with a salad. This recipe makes two 9 inch pies. The reason for this is because if you only make one you will hate yourself the next day when there are no leftovers. Bacon, ham, and spinach and mushrooms are layered with 3 cheeses in this rich delicious egg dish.Modified from: Clark's Quiche
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
