URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63553405/thai-curry-potato-bake-a-la-beth/
Title:
Thai Curry Potato Bake à la Beth Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb ground beef
6 cloves garlic
1 medium onion
1 bell pepper
4 medium skinned potatoes
1/2 eggplant
1 tbs Penang curry paste (or another kind)
1 can light coconut milk
3 tbs fish sauce
3 tbs brown sugar
1/2 cup fresh basil leaves
Hot chili paste, to taste

Directions:
Fry up a pound or so of ground beef with some chopped garlic and chili paste. I had half a bell pepper running out of time in my fridge, so I chopped it up small and put it in too. After that has cooked through, scoop it into a holding bowl with a slotted spoon, keeping the yummy evil boiling cow fat in the pan.
Lower the heat to med-high and add a tablespoon of whatever curry paste you want. Break up the curry paste and fry it gently in the tears of the cow. As it smooths out, start pouring in half a can of light coconut milk. Add in the fish sauce, sugar, and basil leaves (quantity to your taste) and slowly whisk until smooth. Now add back in the ground beef and the rest of the coconut milk. Stir and set to a low simmer.
Now bust out the food processor. Using that (or a knife, cutting board, and wayyyy too much time) slice up the potatoes, the long way, and set aside. Slice up an onion and set another side. Since I made a Penang curry I sliced up half an eggplant too since those two go together traditionally.
In a 9x13 casserole dish, lay out a layer of potatoes, overlapping just a bit. Then a layer of eggplant. Then using a big spoon, scoop up some of the sauce (not the meat) from the curry and ladle it over the layers until it thinly covers. Add another layer of potatoes. Now take a slotted spoon and start scooping out a layer of just seasoned meat. Use all of it, but leave the sauce. Then do a layer of onions. Then another layer of potatoes, which should cap it off. Now take the rest of the sauce and whatever meat is left still in the pan and spread if over the top of everything.
Cover in foil and bake at 400 for an hour. Then take it out, let it cool a bit, and enjoy!

Submitter: 
Phinneas Stone
Description: 
This was inspired by the Thai curry pot pies I used to make a lot and the new food processor I finally got recently. It also happens to satisfy the dietary requirements of my no-wheat, no-dairy, no-soy, and no-corn friend Beth. It could also be easily adapted for vegetarian/vegan.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
about 1 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
