URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63562615/key-lime-pie-cheesecake/
Title:
Key Lime Pie Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Crust:
5 graham crackers
1 cup vanilla cupcake Goldfish
8 Tbsp (one stick) of butter, melted
Filling:
3 8oz cream cheese, softened
3/4 cup sugar
1/2 tsp salt
3 eggs + 1 egg yolk
1/4 cup sour cream
1 Tbsp key lime zest
1/3 cup key lime juice
1/3 cup lemon juice
2 Tbsp flour

Directions:
Make sure the cream cheese is sitting out at room temperature to soften it.  It will get stuck in the beaters if it's not softened.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees.
For the crust: Pulse graham crackers and goldfish in a food processor until fine.  Combine well with butter.  Press the mixture on the bottom and 1 inch up the sides of a 9 inch springform pan.  Bake at 325 for 8-10 minutes (until fragrant).  Cool on a wire rack.
For the filling:  In a large bowl, using an electric mixer (you can use a hand mixer), beat the cream cheese on low speed for about 1 minute until smooth.
Gradually add sugar and beat until creamy, for about 1-2 minutes.
Add eggs and egg yolk one at a time, beating slowly until combined.
Add sour cream, key lime zest, juice, and lemon juice.  Beat slowly to combine, for about 1-2 minutes periodically scraping down the sides of the bowl.
Using a spatula, fold in the flour.  The batter should be well mixed, but not over beaten.  Pour the filling into the cooled crust.
Bake for 50-60 minutes, or until set.  The cheesecake should still jiggle in the center, so be careful not to overcook.  Cool on a wire rack for 1 hour, cover loosely, and chill in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours.  Remove sides of the springform pan and serve with whipped cream.  Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Zest to Impress
Description: 
Key lime pie and cheesecake join forces.  With an interesting crust and sweet and sour notes in the batter, it's a satisfying treat.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
5 h 30 mins
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
