URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63562839/shredded-beef-colorado-with-spanish-rice-black-beans/
Title:
Shredded Beef Colorado with Spanish Rice & Black Beans Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Beef Colorado:
3 lbs stew beef (chuck, butt, bottom round)- trimmed of excess fat
1 large sweet onion- thinly sliced
2 poblano chilies- seeded and stem removed, sliced thinly
1 red pepper- seeded and stem removed, sliced thinly
2 Tbs ground Ancho and/or Guajillo Chili Powder (substitute regular chili powder if not available)
1 Tbs ground cumin
1 Tbs sea salt
1 Tbs garlic- minced
2 cups water
2 Limes- juiced
Spanish Rice & Black Beans:
3 1/2 cups long grained rice
1 small sweet onion- diced
2 Tbs olive oil
1 tsp ground dried New Mexico chilies (not guajillo)
1/2 tsp ground cumin
1 1/4 tsp sea salt
1 large tomato- diced
8 cups water
1 small can of black beans- drained and rinsed

Directions:
Shredded Beef Colorado: Preheat oven to 250 degrees.  In a large stew pot, layer onions, chilies, and peppers on the bottom.  Rub beef with chili powder, cumin, salt, and garlic, and place on top of vegetables.  Pour water over the top and cover with a lid.  Cook covered in oven for 5 hours or until beef can be easily pulled apart.  Allow roast to cool and with a fork, pull apart until it is entirely shredded. Mix in with vegetables and lime juice. If it is too dry, add water.
Spanish Rice with Black Beans: In a large stock pot, heat olive oil on medium-high flame.  Add rice and onions and saute until soft and fragrant.  Add chili powder, cumin, and salt and saute for one minute more.  Add water, salt, and tomato and simmer for 15 minutes on a low boil.  Mix in the black beans.  Cover with a lid and continue to cook on very low flame for another 15 minutes.  Turn off the heat and keep covered on the burner for another 10 minutes.  Serve with Shredded Beef and warmed flour tortillas.

Submitter: 
Karen Barris Calabro
Description: 
While at first glance, this meal appears to time consuming, it is very easy to both cook and assemble.  Whether you serve it unadorned or wrapped in tortillas, this is a classic Mexican dish that is as versatile as it is delicious.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
