URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63566176/shortcut-but-still-homemade-chicken-noodle-soup/
Title:
"Shortcut, but still homemade" Chicken Noodle Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 Roasted Chicken from the deli (or roast your own)
1-2 T olive oil
2 onions
5-6 (or more) celery stalks, organic
small bunch of carrots, organic
12 or more cups of spring water, plus more to taste
1 t dried parsley
1 t dried thyme
1 bay leaf
12 peppercorns
1 t sea salt
1-2 T garlic paste (or to taste)
1-2 heaping T "Better Than Bouillon" chicken flavor
4 c egg noodles, cooked
sea salt
ground black pepper

Directions:
Pick all the meat from the roasted chicken and  refrigerate. Cut the chicken carcass in quarters; saute with skin in olive oil in a large pot for a few min, or until sizzling.
Add 1 diced onion, 2-3 celery stalks + 2-3 carrots, cut in chunks. Saute 3 min or until onion begin to soften.
Add water. Pot should be at least 1/2 full. Add parsley, thyme, bay leaf, peppercorns, 1 t salt, and garlic paste. Cover, bring to boil over med-high heat, then reduce heat to low, and simmer covered 2 hrs.
Shred chicken, and return to refrigerator.
Strain broth; discard solids. Return broth to pot. Add 1 or 2 large T "Better than Bouillon"; stir, and taste for seasoning. Add more salt, cracked pepper, and garlic to taste. Add more water if broth is too rich. Heat over med heat, and add 1 diced onion, 3 or more diced celery stalks, and 3 or more diced carrots. Bring to a boil, them reduce heat and simmer, covered, until carrots are just tender, about 12-15 min.
Meanwhile, cook noodles to tender, according to package directions, and drain.
Add noodles and shredded chicken to pot. Taste for seasoning again; add salt & pepper, or more water or garlic as desired.

Submitter: 
B L
Description: 
This is my version of quicker but still from scratch, wholesome chicken noodle soup. Guaranteed to cure what ails you.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
2.5 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
