URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63578959/homemade-yogurt-2/
Title:
Homemade Yogurt 2 Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 cups milk (white: skim, 2%, or whole)
2 Tbsp plain yogurt with live cultures, fresh as possible (Called Starter Yogurt)
3 cups ice
Equipment:
Two large glass bowls
One small glass bowl
Heating pad that does not shut off automatically
Large pot
Wire whisk
Tea towel

Directions:
Pour milk into one glass bowl and keep at room temperature at least 1/2 hour.
Place the other large glass bowl onto the heating pad.  Plug the heating pad in and set to medium.  Put starter yogurt into a small glass bowl. Set the small bowl in the large bowl on the heating pad.
Fill kitchen sink with about 3 inches of water and add ice.
Pour the milk into the pot on the stove top.  Cook on medium high until the milk is very frothy and lightly boiling, whisking constantly.  (A thin layer of cooked milk may form on the bottom; do not worry about this, but do not scrape it with the whisk.)
Remove pot from stove top and place entire pot in cold sink water.
Stir milk constantly with wire whisk. When steam is lighter, begin to test the temperature on wrist.  When the temp is at just warm; not cold, not hot, remove the pot from the sink.
Remove the small bowl of starter yogurt from the larger bowl; dispose of any thin liquid that has separated.  Pour milk from the pot into the large bowl. Pour starter yogurt into milk and lightly whisk.
Set the heating pad to High. Cover the bowl with a tea towel.  Leave undisturbed at least 7 hours.  Small pools of a thin greenish liquid appear at the surface when yogurt has been achieved and the thickness of the liquid will be just thinner than pudding.  Whisk, pour into containers and let chill in coldest part of refrigerator about 12 hours.

Submitter: 
Noel Keen
Description: 
When visiting Europe, I fell in love with their much thinner yogurt and decided to make my own.  After 2 years of adjustments, this recipe yields a yogurt that is mild and wonderful!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 min
Ready in:
20 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
