URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63573503/extra-umami-chicken-soup/
Title:
Extra-Umami Chicken Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3/4 cup diced onion
3/4 cup diced carrots
3/4 cup diced celery
3 tbsp chicken fat (or butter)
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper
1/4 teaspoon white pepper
1/4 teaspoon dried thyme
1/4 teaspoon dried sage
1 bay leaf
2 32 oz. boxes chicken broth
2 boneless skinless chicken breasts
1 cup water
1 carrot, chopped into large pieces
4 medium Russet potatoes, chopped into 1/2 inch wide pieces
1 handful fresh basil, chopped (optional)

Directions:
Melt 2 tbsp chicken fat or butter in large NOT non-stick pot over medium high heat. When it's sizzling, add diced onion, diced carrots, and diced celery. Give a quick stir so the veggies are all coated with the fat. Add the salt, ground pepper, white pepper, thyme, sage, and bay leaf. Cook and stir the veggies for about 8 minutes, until the onions are translucent and the carrots are getting a little bit soft. NOTE: The sage and other spices may form a little crust on the bottom of the pan, but that's ok, they are roasting and getting big flavor. The crust will come off when you add the broth. Add the broth, bring to a boil, then turn the heat to low, cover, and simmer for 20 minutes. Now, add the remaining 1 tbsp butter or chicken fat to a non stick saute pan or skillet over medium high heat. When the fat is sizzling, add the chicken breasts and brown on each side, about 2 minutes each. Add the water and bring to a simmer. Cover with foil and turn heat to low so the water is still simmering. Cook for 10 minutes and remove. 20 minutes should have passed now with the soup, so add the potatoes and carrots and simmer until you can slide a knife through them, about 10 minutes. =

Submitter: 
Seth Kolloen
Description: 
My girlfriend was sick and wanted chicken soup. The sage and thyme roasted on the bottom of the pan while the mirepoix was cooking and gave it EXTRA UMAMI FLAVOR. Yums.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
