URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63579237/oatmeal-bread/
Title:
Oatmeal Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/3 cups raw old-fashioned rolled oats OR
2/3 cups raw steel-cut oats
2 cups boiling water
1 Tbsp salt
2 tsp active dry yeast
1/2 cup warm water
3 Tbsp honey
1/4 cup oil (optional)
5 cups finely ground whole wheat flour (white winter wheat)
1/2 - 2 cups warm water

Directions:
Cook the oatmeal in the water until it begins to thicken (see note); add the salt and set aside for several hours or overnight. (If you use leftover oatmeal, bring 2 cups to room temperature and add 2 3/4 tsp salt.
Dissolve the yeast in the 1/2 cup water.
Mix the honey and oil into the oatmeal, and add it and the yeast to the flour. Even if the dough seems very stiff, don't add more water just yet: the flour will absorb water from the oatmeal very slowly, so the dough softens as you work. Knead the somewhat stiff dough for about ten minutes (by hand), and if it still seems stiff then, add water (1/2 to 2 cups) gradually by wetting your hands and kneading until the dough has taken in as much water as it requires to become soft and supple. If you use leftover oatmeal that is fairly thin, you may find that you need to add flour on the board instead of water.
Form the dough into a ball and place it smooth side up in the bowl, Cover and keep in a warm, draft-free place. After about an hour and half, gently poke the center of the dough about 1/2 inch deep with your wet finger. If the hole doesn't fill in at all or if the dough sighs, it is ready for the next step. Press flat, form into a smooth round, and let the dough rise once more as before. The second rising will take about half as much time as the first.
Press the dough flat and divide in two. Shape it into balls and let them rest, covered until very much softer. Shape gently into a loaf, sprinkle well greased (with shortening) loaf pans with rolled oats before placing the shaped loaf on or in them. For a fancy touch, brush the tops of the loaves with warm milk and then sprinkle with more rolled oats that have been soaked in the warm milk.
Let rise once more in a warm place and bake about 45 minutes at 350 degrees F

Submitter: 
Apron Appeal
Description: 
Cooked oatmeal makes up the liquid in this recipe. When the porridge is made with rolled oats, the bread is light and bright with a rich creamy flavor. When you use steel-cut oats the loaves are not so spectacularly high, but the flavor is even better and the bread has outstanding keeping qualities.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45
Ready in:
4.5 h
Number of servings: 
40
Nutritional Facts:
NA
