URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63589030/herbed-brisket/
Title:
Herbed Brisket Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
5-7 lb brisket
Extra virgin olive oil
4 onions, diced
5 carrots, carrots, peeled & sliced into 1-inch pieces
5 celery stalks, peeled and sliced into 1-inch pieces
10 sprigs thyme
2 sprigs rosemary
2 bay leaves
8 cloves garlic
1 qt beef broth
Kosher salt
Black pepper
Potato starch (optional)
Fresh chopped parsley (optional, for garnish)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Rinse the brisket and pat dry. Rub both sides of the meat with black pepper and kosher salt.
Heat roasting pan over a medium flame on the stovetop. Drizzle a few tablespoons of olive oil into the pan. Brown the brisket on both sides—it will take about 4 minutes per side.
Remove brisket from the pan. Drizzle a little more olive oil in the pan and saute the diced onions, carrot slices and celery chunks. Remove to a bowl.
Pour beef broth into the bottom of your pan till covered. Scrape up any remaining brown bits on the bottom of the pan as the broth heats up.
When broth is hot, add half your vegetables back into the pan spread out across the bottom. Place your brisket back into the pan, fatty side facing up. Place garlic cloves on top of the meat, evenly spaced. Add the remaining veggies to the pan, spreading them on top of the brisket to cover. Place herbs on top of the brisket and in the broth, evenly dispersed.
Pour more beef broth into the pan until it goes halfway up the sides of your brisket. Cover roasting pan tightly with foil and place in the oven.
Let it roast undisturbed for 5 to 7 hours. It will take about 1 hour per pound of meat (leaner cuts of meat may take longer—test for doneness). Brisket is ready when it flakes tenderly. You can let it cook even longer for a soft, shredded texture (my favorite!).
Let brisket rest 30 min. Make gravy from strained liquid (fat removed) thickened with potato starch or with pureed vegetables.
Cut fat cap from brisket. Slice and place in serving dish. Pour gravy over brisket and serve.

Submitter: 
meghanmacrae
Description: 
Shiksa in the Kitchen brisket.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
