URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63590139/veggie-pizzadillas/
Title:
Veggie Pizzadillas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2836619.jpg
Ingredients:
4 Soft Taco size Flour Tortillas
2 Tablespoons Olive Oil
1 Medium Onion, thinly sliced
Salt, to taste
Black Pepper, freshly ground, to taste
1 Medium Poblano Pepper, diced
1 Medium Red Bell Pepper, diced
2 Cloves Garlic, minced
1 15 ounce can Black Beans, rinsed and drained
1 cup Frozen Corn, thawed
1/4 teaspoon Oregano
1/4 cup Mild Enchilada Sauce, from can or homemade
1 cup Mexican Quesadilla (melting) Cheese
1/4 cup Sour Cream for garnish
1/2 cup Mexican Fresco (crumbling) Cheese, for garnish
1/4 cup Cilantro, chopped, for garnish
Dash of bottled Hot Sauce, your preference, optional

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Place tortillas on baking sheet covered with foil, lightly brush with olive oil and prick all over with fork. Bake for 5-6 minutes, until they are puffed and golden. Remove from oven and allow to cool on cooling rack.
In a large skillet, heat remaining olive oil over medium heat. Add the sliced onions and peppers to the skillet and saute, stirring occasionally, until translucent and slightly caramelized (about 8-10 minutes). Add the minced garlic and stir briefly then add the drained black beans and thawed corn kernels. Season with oregano and salt and pepper to taste. Continue to stir until mixture is heated through.
Return baked quesadillas to foil-lined baking sheet and spoon ~2 tablespoons of enchilada sauce onto each baked and cooled flour tortilla. Top each with a quarter of the veggie/bean mixture and a quarter of the shredded Quesadilla cheese. Place back into 400 degree F oven and bake for 5-6 minutes or until the cheese has melted. Remove from oven and divide the sour cream, Fresco cheese and cilantro evenly among the Pizzadillas for garnish. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
innermuse
Description: 
I make this for Meatless (Lacto-Ovo) Monday Meals. It is a big hit! The flavor profile is complex and savory and you can add a dash of hot sauce to spice things up even more.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
