URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63590495/tricolor-fusilli-pasta-primavera/
Title:
Tricolor Fusilli Pasta Primavera Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/998681.jpg
Ingredients:
12 ounces tricolor fusilli
4 cups broccoli florets
3 carrots, thinly sliced
1 red bell pepper, cut into thin strips
1 cup frozen peas
2 tablespoons grapeseed or olive oil
2 tablespoons cold, unsalted butter
2 garlic cloves, minced
1 cup low-sodium vegetable broth
Freshly ground pepper to taste
1/2 cup grated parmesan cheese, plus more for topping
2 tablespoons chopped, fresh parsley
Juice of 1/2 a lemon

Directions:
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook according to package directions. Add the peas during the last 3 minutes of cooking. Remove 1 cup cooking water, then drain the pasta and peas and set aside.
Meanwhile, steam broccoli and carrots in the basket of a steamer according to manufacturer recommendations. Heat oil in a large, non-stick skillet over medium-high heat and saute the bell peppers until tender, about 8-10 minutes. Add garlic and saute until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the vegetable broth, salt and pepper to taste and bring to a simmer and cook until slightly reduced, about 3 minutes. Whisk in the butter until melted and the sauce is thickened.
Add the steamed broccoli and carrot mixture and the pasta and pea mixture to the skillet and toss to coat. Add the cheese, parsley and lemon juice. Cook over low heat, stirring, until the cheese melts, adding enough of the reserved pasta water to moisten the dish, if necessary. Season with salt and pepper to taste and top with additional grated cheese, if desired.

Submitter: 
innermuse
Description: 
I made this for a Meatless (Lacto-Ovo) Monday Meal. It was a big hit with the kiddos and they helped prepare it. Also delicious with sliced, grilled chicken!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
