URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63595374/aunt-josies-easter-bread/
Title:
Aunt Josie's Easter Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 packet, active yeast
1/2 C. warm water (115 to 120 degrees)
1/2 C. sugar
4 to 5 C. flour
1/2 tsp. salt
3 room temperature eggs, beaten
1/2 C. scaled whole milk
1 T. butter
1 T. shortening
2 T. whiskey
1 C. diced dried apricots
1 C. sliced almonds, chopped
1 C. powdered sugar
2-3 T. milk
1/2 tsp. vanilla extract
*Colored hard boiled eggs

Directions:
In a small bowl, mix water and yeast. After 10 minutes, stir in the sugar and set aside.  Scald the milk over medium heat. Shut off heat and add the butter, shortening and whiskey; allow mixture to cool to room temperature.  In a large bowl add 1 C of flour & the salt.  Stir in the yeast and milk mixtures until smooth.  Add flour, 1 C at a time, stirring until the dough forms a loose ball and does not stick to the sides of the bowl.  Turn the dough onto a floured surface and allow to rest 5 minutes.  Knead the dough for about five minutes, adding flour until the dough does not stick to your hands.  Sprinkle the apricots and almonds on top of the dough and continue kneading until the dough is elastic and smooth.  Spray a large oven proof bowl with non-stick cooking spray.  Turn the dough once over in the bowl, so the dough is coated.  Spray a sheet of plastic wrap with non-stick spray and cover the bowl and add a damp, cotton tea towel over the plastic wrap.  Allow to rise in a very low (110) oven or warm place for 45 to 60 minutes.  When the dough is doubled, remove, lightly punch down the center and turn onto a lightly floured surface.  Divide the dough in half and form two 14 to 16" ropes.  Twist the ropes of dough together and then form the twist into a ring.  Place on a large round baking stone.  Spray the entire ring evenly and lightly with non-stick spray, cover with a damp tea towel and allow to rise until doubled in size and light.  Bake at 350 for 25 minutes until the ring is gold brown and sounds hallow when tapped your knuckle.  While the bread bakes, mix powdered sugar, milk and vanilla.  Drizzle icing over hot bread.  *After the braiding process, you may separate the dough and place colored hardboiled eggs into the dough, bake as directed.

Submitter: 
Sally Anne
Description: 
A rich egg bread, sweetened with a little sugar, dried fruit and finished with a powdered sugar glaze.  An Easter favorite growing up in an Italian family.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
60 to 70 minuutes
Ready in:
95 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
