URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63591269/buttermilk-fried-chicken/
Title:
Buttermilk Fried Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
FOR THE BRINE:
1 gallon water
1 cup kosher salt
1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons honey
12 bay leaves
1 head of garlic, halved
2 tablespoons black peppercorns
About 1/2 ounce (1 large bunch) thyme sprigs
About 2 ounces (1 large bunch) flat leafed parsley sprigs
5 lemons, halved
Two-2 1/2 pound chickens, each chicken cut up in 8 pieces
10 cups peanut oil
--------------------------------------
FOR THE COATING:
3 cups all-purpose flour
2 tablespoons garlic powder
2 tablespoons onion powder
2 teaspoons paprika
2 teaspoons cayenne
2 teaspoons kosher salt
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 quart buttermilk
Kosher salt

Directions:
For the brine: Combine all the ingredients in a large pot, cover, and bring to a boil. Boil for 1 minute, stirring to dissolve the salt. Remove from the heat and cool completely before using.
Rinse the chickens and place the chickens in the cold brine and refrigerate overnight or for up to 12 hours. Remove the chicken from the brine and pat the chicken dry, removing any herbs or spices sticking to the skin.
Bring the peanut oil to 340 degrees F. in a 6 quart saute pan.
Mix the coating ingredients together in a bowl and place the buttermilk in a second container. Just before frying, dip each piece of chicken into the coating, patting off the excess, then into the buttermilk and back into the coating. Place the chicken on a parchment lined sheet tray.
When the oil has reached the proper temperature, carefully lower the pieces of dark meat into the oil. The temperature of the oil will decrease. Adjust the heat as necessary to bring the oil to proper temperature. Fry the dark meat for about 13 minutes, to a deep golden brown, cooked throughout and very crisp. Remove the chicken to a tray lined with paper towels and sprinkle with salt.
Carefully add the white meat to the oil and fry for 6 to 7 minutes until cooked.
Remove to the tray, sprinkle with salt and turn off the heat under the oil. Let the chicken rest for a few minutes to cool slightly. It is very hot when it comes out of the oil.

Submitter: 
Levi Lambert
Description: 
I'm now a brine chicken convert.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30min
Ready in:
12hrs
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
