URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63599042/healthy-protein-morning-glory-muffins/
Title:
Healthy Protein Morning Glory Muffins Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1001196.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups whole wheat flour
1 cup all purpose flour
1.5 tsp baking soda
1.5 tsp baking powder
1 tsp salt
3 tsp cinnamon
1 dash nutmeg
1 tbsp coconut oil
1 cup apple sauce
3 eggs
1/2 cup sugar
3 tsp vanilla
1 cup nonfat Greek yogurt
JUICE
4 carrots
3 medium zucchini
1 ripe pineapple
1 cup cooked quinoa (will need 1 cup dry initially)
1/2 cup hemp seed hearts
1/2 cup raisins

Directions:
1) Preheat the oven to 350 degrees
2) Remove the tops of 4 carrots and non-edible portions of the whole pineapple. Cut both carrots and pineapple into manageable pieces to be juiced. Using an electric juicer: juice the carrots and the pineapple, making sure to keep the dry pulp that remains. Place the juice in a separate container and allow it to settle. Next juice the 3 zucchini. Place the pulp of the carrots, pineapple and zucchini in a bowl and mix until combined. Dispose of the zucchini juice.
3) Cook 1 cup quinoa in 2 cups carrot and pineapple juice (following the directions on the quinoa package). If there is not enough juice for two cups, make up the difference in water. Once all liquid has been absorbed, remove one cup cooked quinoa and set to the side to cool.
4) Combine all dry ingredients into a medium bowl: whole wheat flour, all purpose flour, baking soda, baking powder, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg. Mix these thoroughly (you may use a sifter to ensure complete mixing)
5) In a separate large bowl combine eggs, vanilla, sugar, stevia, coconut oil, nonfat greek yogurt and apple sauce. Once wet ingredients are combined, add dry ingredients to the mixture being sure to stir between small additions of the dry mixture.
5) Next add 1 cup cooked quinoa (which was set to the side to cool), raisins, hemp seeds, and the carrot-pinapple-zucchini pulp mixture. Mix thoroughly, and let batter sit.
6) Grease reusable large silicone muffin molds and place on a cookie sheet. Place a heaping 1/3 cup amount of the batter into each muffin mold.
7) Bake muffins for 23-27 minutes, making sure that top middle of muffins are fully cooked. Once removed, allow muffins to partially cool before removing them from muffin molds. be sure to grease molds with each use.

Submitter: 
FBULGAR
Description: 
GREAT recipe I made up using my juicer. Natural sugars from veggies and fruit reduce the need for large additions of sugar. Creates large moist delicious muffins that are less than 250 calories with a good amount of fiber (5g) and protein (8g). My friends love these muffins! Perfect for breakfast, brunch, or a fulfilling snack.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
2.5 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
