URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63599793/roman-potato-gnocchi-with-pancetta-mushrooms-peas/
Title:
Roman Potato Gnocchi with Pancetta, Mushrooms & Peas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Gnocchi ingredients:
2 cups cooked potatoes (not mashed potatoes)
1 1/3 cup all-purpose flour
2 oz egg beaters or 2 whole eggs
1/4 tsp sea salt
extra flour for dusting on board
Sauce:
1 oz pancetta- diced very fine
1 Tbs extra virgin olive oil
2 cloves garlic minced
1 lb sliced button mushrooms
1/2 cup white wine
5 vine-ripened tomatoes- puree with a food processor
1/4 ts cracked black pepper
1/4 tsp sea salt
1 Tbs minced basil leaves (or 1 tsp dried)
1 cup frozen peas
1/2 cup grated Parmesan and/or Pecorino Cheese

Directions:
Sauce: It is best to have this simmering very slowly while creating the gnocchi.  Begin by browning the pancetta peices in the olive oil in a sauce pan on medium-high heat. Reduce the heat to medium and throw mushrooms and garlic in the pan.  Using a spoon, stir frequently until the mushrooms soften(about 3 to 5 minutes).  Turn the heat up to medium-high and immediately deglaze the pan with white wine and reduce until it is gone (4 minutes). Add remaining ingredients, except the peas and cheese, and simmer on very low heat until you're ready to assemble the dish.  Add the peas at this time.
Gnocchi: In a food processor, chop up potatoes until very fine.  Add remaining ingredients and process until it forms a solid ball in the processor.  Stop processing immediately at that point and remove to a floured board.  The consistency should be similar to an ear lobe (soft and squishy). In small segments, roll into long ropes, roughly 3/4" in diameter.  Cut into 1" segments and using a fork, Press these segments into the fork, rolling as you press until the reverse side has a rippling design.  Continue until all the dough is made into these dumplings.  In a large stock pot of boiling water, cook in batches of 15 - 20 dumplings at a time until they rise to the surface and then continue to boil for another 2 minutes.  Remove with a slotted spoon and place in iced water.  When all are cooked, drain from iced water for final assembly.
Assembly: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Layer a portion of the sauce in a glass/pyrex 13" x 9" casserole dish.  Place gnocchi on top of this and pour remaining sauce on top.  Sprinkle the top with the cheese and bake for 20 - 25 minutes

Submitter: 
Karen Barris Calabro
Description: 
My kids LOVE to help me make the dumplings!  Who cares if they're perfectly ridged and round?  Whenever I have a few extra boiled or baked potatoes, I will make a quick batch of gnocchi and freeze them.  The dumplings lend themselves to any Italian sauce, really, so feel free to explore other combinations.  This, however, is an authentic Roman dish taught to me by a master chef in my earliest years of apprenticeship.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
