URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63596110/summer-citrus-salmon-penne/
Title:
Summer Citrus Salmon Penne Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups dry penne pasta
2 large oranges
Juice and flesh of one small meyer lemon
1 cup fresh diced pineapple
1 cup fresh orange juice
1 cup fresh pineapple juice
12 sprigs fresh thyme
1 dried cayenne or chipotle pepper
1.5 cups heavy whipping cream
3 large cloves of garlic, minced
1 leek, soaked, cleaned and sliced in thin strips
1 cup small crimini mushrooms, quartered, not sliced
1/2 cup roasted red peppers, diced
2 cups arugula, packed
zest of one small meyer lemon
1.5 cups grilled, flaked salmon
1/4 cup white wine
salt and pepper to taste
2 tbsp olive oil
1/4 cup sliced green onions
freshly grated parmesan, for garnish

Directions:
Zest oranges, peel, then slice roughly.  Combine half the zest and all the orange slices in small pot with pineapple, juices, lemon, fresh thyme and dried pepper.  Bring to a boil, and simmer until juice is reduced by almost half.  Discard pepper. Process remainder in blender until smooth.  This is the citrus reduction base for your sauce.
Boil pasta according to package directions.
Warm up the EVOO in a large skillet to med-high heat.  Add garlic, mushrooms, leeks, red peppers, salt and pepper.  Saute until garlic and leeks are soft. Deglaze with white wine.
Add remaining orange and lemon zest, 3/4 cup citrus reduction, cream.  Bring to a boil, reduce to desired consistency.
Add cooked pasta, flaked salmon, and arugula.  Toss until arugula wilts, and serve.  Top with green onions and parmesan.  Serve with garlic bread and salad.

Submitter: 
Kris Swiggum
Description: 
Ran this at my restaurant one night, just throwing together all the leftover bits and pieces from the past couple of nights.  Sold out in less than an hour.  Its deceptively light, but filling.  Great summertime pasta.  Serve with garlic toast and salad.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
