URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63601842/chicken-bacon-and-angel-hair-pasta-bake/
Title:
Chicken, Bacon and  Angel Hair Pasta Bake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
½ cups Prepared italian Salad Dressing
4 whole Boneless Skinless Chicken Breasts Halves
4 slices Bacon
3 Tablespoons Butter
1 whole Onion, Diced
8 ounces, weight Mushrooms, Sliced
3 Tablespoons Flour
3 cups Chicken Broth
1-½ cup Heavy Cream
1 teaspoon Kosher Salt
¼ teaspoons Pepper
2 Tablespoons Fresh Lemon Juice
1 cup Gruyere Cheese, Grated
¼ cups Fresh Parsley, Minced, Plus More For Garnish
2 cups Fresh Tomatoes, Diced
1 pound Angel Hair Pasta

Directions:
Marinate chicken breasts in Italin dressing for at least 3 hours, up to overnight.
Cook bacon until crisp, remove from pan and drain off all but about 2 tablespoons of the fat. Heat pan to medium-high heat.
Remove chicken from marinade and cook in bacon fat until well browned. You don’t have to cook the chicken through, just get some color on it. Remove chicken from pan and place in a 9×13? casserole dish.
Drain off all the bacon fat from the pan and add butter. Once melted, stir in the onion and mushrooms. Cook until soft and starting to caramelize, 5-7 minutes.
Stir flour into the onions and mushrooms and cook for 1 minute. Stir broth and cream into the flour mixture and bring to boil, constantly stirring, for 2 minutes. Remove from heat.
Stir in salt, pepper, lemon juice, cheese, and parsley and pour over the chicken in the casserole dish. Top with fresh tomatoes and bake at 350°F, uncovered, for 30 minutes or until the sauce is bubbly and chicken is cooked through.
While the chicken is baking, cook angel hair pasta to al dente on the stovetop and drain.
Remove chicken from the oven, stir pasta into the sauce and serve topped with crumbled bacon and more fresh parsley.

Submitter: 
Angela Naumann
Description: 
This recipe is the perfect comfort food.  It is rich and creamy with a moist flavor filled chicken.  Instant family favorite.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
