URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63606267/cheesecake-supreme/
Title:
Cheesecake Supreme Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups finely crushed graham crackers
1/4 cup finely chopped walnuts
1 tablespoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon (optional)
1/2 cup melted butter
3 8oz packages of cream cheese, softened
1 cup sugar
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon vanilla
1/4 cup milk
3 eggs, slightly beaten
1/2 teaspoon finely shredded lemon peel (optional)

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 375 degrees.  For crust, in a bowl combine crushed graham crackers, walnuts, the 1 tablespoon sugar and if desired cinnamon (I didn't use).  Stir in melted butter.  Press the crumb mixture onto the bottom and about 2 inches up the sides of a 8 or 9 inch springform pan.  Set aside.
2. For filling, in a large mixing bowl beat cream cheese, the 1 cup sugar, the flour, and vanilla in an electric mixer until combined.  Beat in milk until smooth.  Lightly beat eggs and add to this mixture.  Add lemon peel if desired (I didn't).
3. Pour filling into crust-lined pan.  Bake for 40-45 minutes for the 8 inch pan, 35-40 minutes for the 9 inch pan - or until a 2 1/2-inch area around the outside edge appears set when gently shaken.  (This was how I determined it was done, as my spring-pan was not traditionally shaped).  (It looked wetter than I expected but was done)
4.  This worked well for me to remove from pan in a easy manner.... Cool in pan on a wire rack for 15 minutes.  Then using a sharp knife, loosen the crust from the pan sides.  Do nothing more and leave to cool for another 30 minutes.  Then remove the sides of the pan.  Cool completely on a wire rack.  Cover and chill for at least 4 hours before serving.  I chilled for 1 day.

Submitter: 
Lindsay
Description: 
This is the most amazing cheesecake ever.  So creamy and silky.  Will be making only this one from now on.  It's simple to make, and gives wonderful instructions for cooling so that it comes out of the pan easily. recipe from Better Home and Gardens Cookbook.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
