URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63608426/herdez-mexican-pasta-with-meatballs/
Title:
Herdez Mexican Pasta with Meatballs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1003903.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound ground beef
1 large egg
½ cup bread crumbs
1 clove garlic, minced
1 large sweet onion
1 teaspoon cumin
2 teaspoons sage
1 teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon ground black pepper
1 sweet yellow pepper
1 12-oz jar Herdez Roasted Pasilla Chile Cooking Sauce
1 14.5-oz can diced tomatoes, undrained
1 cup water
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 pound pasta (Rotini, Penne, Rigatoni, Campanelle, or similar)
8 ounces Mexican Blend shredded cheese
Sour cream (optional)

Directions:
Dice half of the large onion.  In a mixing bowl, combine the diced onion, ground beef, egg, garlic, cumin, sage, salt and black pepper.  Mix well and shape into balls about golf-ball size.  Heat oil in skillet and fry meatballs until browned on all sides.  Transfer to a medium-sized saucepan, retaining oil in skillet.
Chop remaining half of onion into 1-inch chunks.  Chop yellow pepper into one-inch chunks.  Quickly sauté onion and yellow pepper in hot oil until slightly softened, about 5 minutes.  Transfer to saucepan, discarding any remaining oil.
Strain the Herdez cooking sauce through a sieve and add to saucepan.  Add water and diced tomatoes.  Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer, cover, and cook for 2 hours.  If sauce is too thin, uncover during last half hour of cooking.
Cook pasta according to package directions.  Drain well.  Top with sauce, meatballs and a sprinkling of shredded cheese.  If desired, top each serving with a tablespoon of sour cream.

Submitter: 
Judy in Delaware
Description: 
Need a change from regular old spaghetti and meatballs?  This pasta dish is mildly spicy and full of flavor using a new cooking sauce from Herdez.  The meatballs are flavored with Mexican spices rather than Italian.  Use your favorite pasta shape, serve with garlic biscuits and a salad.  Dinner is served!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2.5 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
