URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63605788/dinner-rolls/
Title:
Dinner Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1003214.jpg
Ingredients:
4 cups of All Purpose Flour
¼ oz Package of Rapid Rise Yeast
1/3 cup of Granulated Sugar
1 tsp of Salt
1 cup of Milk, slightly warm
1/3 cup of Unsalted Butter, Softened
3 Tbsp of Unsalted Butter, melted, to brush on top when they are finished baking

Directions:
In a small saucepan heat butter and milk to 120 degrees. In standing mixer bowl with a dough hook, add the warm butter and milk mixture and sprinkle the yeast over the top. Let it sit for 5 minutes. To the yeast mixture, add the flour, sugar,  and salt. Mix 5 to 7 minutes. Once the dough is nice and smooth, form into a ball and place it seam side down oiled bowl and grease the top and sides of the dough with a little oil as well. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and place it somewhere warm for about an hour. Dump the dough onto your work surface, (flour it a little if necessary) and deflate it. Cut the dough into 12 equal pieces. Cover the dough pieces with a kitchen towel as you work with one piece at a time. Lightly grease a 9X13” baking dish with either butter or cooking spray. Take each piece of dough and roll it in a smooth ball, place the ball seam side down in the greased baking dish, cover the baking dish with a kitchen towel so that the formed buns won’t dry out. Once you have all the rolls in the baking dish, cover them with plastic wrap and allow them to sit in a nice warm place for about an hour or until they are about one and half times bigger than the original size. Once the rolls have risen, bake them at 350 degrees for 25 minutes or until golden brown. Brush them with melted butter immediately when they come out of the oven and enjoy!

Submitter: 
Lori Simolke
Description: 
10 mins prep
2 hours rising time
25 mins bake
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 mins.
Ready in:
2 h rising time
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
