URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63609897/guajillo-crab-cake-salad/
Title:
Guajillo Crab Cake Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1004176.jpg
Ingredients:
Crab cakes:
1/2 egg, beaten
1 Tbsp mayonnaise
2 Tbsp Herdez red guajillo chile sauce
1/2 tsp ground cumin
1/4 tsp dry ground mustard
1/2 tsp Worcestershire sauce
8 oz lump crab meat (not imitation)
3 Tbsp plain Panko bread crumbs
2 Tbsp grape seed oil
4 Tbsp butter
Salad:
Mixed spring greens
Julienned carrots
1/4 cup chopped, roasted pecans
4 oz mandarin oranges, drained and patted dry
Goat cheese, cut into medallions - if desired (I lightly coated mine w/ a mixture of dried herbs)
Dressing:
3 Tbsp freshly prepared ranch dressing - chilled
2 Tbsp Herdez red guajillo chile sauce

Directions:
Crab Cakes: Mix the first six ingredients together, add the crab, and bread crumbs. Mix well. Shape into four crab cakes. Refrigerate for 2 hours.  Line a baking sheet with paper towels. In a skillet over medium high heat, melt the butter with the grape seed oil. Fry the crab cakes, turning once, until crisp and golden brown, 5 to 6 minutes per side. Using a slotted spatula, transfer the crab cakes to the prepared baking sheet to drain.
Salad dressing: Prepare ranch dressing according to package directions.  Chill.  Mix the ranch and guajillo chile sauce together, refrigerate until ready to serve.
Salad: Place salad greens on individual plates, top with carrots, pecans, and oranges. Drizzle w/ the guajillo ranch dressing. Place one cooked crab cake on top of each salad, and place a goat cheese medallion on the side.

Submitter: 
thedailygourmet
Description: 
Take crab cakes on a trip south of the border, in this easy to make salad.  The mandarin oranges lend a bright burst of sweetness, the crunchy pecans add a hearty texture, and the salad dressing provides some zing with zest!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
