URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63607899/turkey-and-zucchini-enchiladas-with-tomatillo-verde-sauce/
Title:
Turkey and Zucchini Enchiladas with Tomatillo Verde Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1003730.jpg
Ingredients:
Cooking spray
1 lb. package of ground turkey (93/7)
1 cup diced onion
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 tsp. ground cumin
1/2 tsp. salt
1-4oz. can chopped, peeled green chiles
dash of cayenne (optional)
2 cups shredded zucchini
2-12oz. jars Herdez® Tomatillo Verde Mexican Cooking Sauce, divided
8 flour tortillas
2 cups shredded monterey jack cheese
For Garnish: chopped onion, cilantro, sour cream

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.  Spray a 13"x9"x2" casserole dish with cooking spray.  Take 1 cup of Herdez(r) Tomatillo Verde Mexican Cooking sauce and spread it evenly on the bottom of dish.  Set aside.
For enchilada filling: In large non-stick skillet sprayed with cooking spray, saute onions and garlic until onions are translucent (about 5 minutes).  Add in the ground turkey and cook until browned. Next add in ground cumin,salt, chopped green chiles, cayenne (if using), salt, zucchini and 1/4 cup Herdez(r) Tomatillo Verde Mexican Cooking Sauce.  Mix well and take off heat.
To assemble enchiladas: Take one flour tortilla and in the center, put about 1/3 to 1/2 of the meat/zucchini mixture down the middle in a strip. Place 2 TBS of cheese on top of meat/zucchini mixture and roll up.  Place in prepared 13"x9"x2" dish with seam side down.  Repeat with remaining tortillas, placing each finished one side by side.
Pour the second jar of Herdez(r) Tomatillo Verde Mexican Cooking Sauce on top of the enchiladas, coating them evenly with the sauce.  Sprinkle with remaining cheese. Cover with foil.
Bake for 30-35 minutes or until the sauce is bubbly and the enchiladas are warmed through.  Garnish with chopped onion, cilantro, and sour cream, if desired.

Submitter: 
ReneePaj
Description: 
A delicious healthy twist on enchiladas.  Beef is replaced with ground turkey and zucchini is used in the filling to bulk it up without sacrificing any flavor.  The addition of Herdez® Tomatillo Verde Mexican Cooking Sauce makes this dish easy and takes the flavor over the edge.  Your family will never know they are eating healthy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
