URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63604306/pineapple-lemon-meringue-pie/
Title:
Pineapple Lemon Meringue Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1002719.jpg
Ingredients:
2 Lemons, juice and zest
1 Tbsp. Fresh ginger, chopped
1/2 C. Crushed pineapple, drained
1/3 C. Reserved pineapple juice
1 C. Granulated sugar
1 C. Boiling water
4  Tbsp. Cornstarch
4 Tbsp. All purpose flour
4 Eggs, separated
1 C. All purpose flour
1/2 C. Whole wheat pastry flour
1/2 tsp. Salt
1/2 C. Chilled lard
8 Tbsp. Ice water
3 Tbsp. Granulated sugar

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees Fahrenheit
In 2 separate bowls put the juice and zest of both lemons and grated ginger and put aside.
Drain juice from crushed pineapple and measure 1/3 cup of juice and put aside with pineapple
Separate the egg yolks from the whites and put in a small bowl and set aside the whites in a large mixing bowl
To make the crust put flour, chilled lard and salt together mixing with a fork while stirring in ice water a Tablespoon at a time until mixture comes together to form a smooth ball of dough
On a lightly floured surface roll out the dough to a 9" circle and then place in a 9" pie plate and bake for 15 minutes until crust is lightly browned
Remove from oven and let cool on the counter space
In a saucepan on the stove combine flour, cornstarch, sugar, lemon zest, juice, pineapple with reserved juice and mix together with boiling water and stir over medium heat until nicely thickened and let cool slightly
Take a small amount of cooled mixture and add to slightly beaten egg yolks and stir together to form a smooth mixture and then add back to the lemon pineapple mixture and cook until mixture is nicely thickened
Pour mixture into pre baked pie shell and let cool in the refrigerator until mixture has set firmly
Beat egg whites adding 3 Tablespoons of granulated sugar and then mix on high speed with an electric mixer until stiff peaks form but not dry
Spread whites over lemon and pineapple mixture and bake meringue in oven for 10 minutes
Remove from oven when meringue is nicely browned on top
Cut into wedges when cooled

Submitter: 
Cheerios
Description: 
A nice fruit combination of pineapple and lemon with some added fresh ginger  make this pie a bit different from the regular lemon meringue pie
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
