URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63603446/baked-cheesy-chicken-penne/
Title:
Baked Cheesy Chicken Penne Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 tablespoons butter, plus more for baking dishes
• kosher salt and black pepper
•1 pound penne rigate (I used a 14.5 oz box of Ronzoni Smart Taste Penne Rigate)
•1 teaspoon olive oil
•2 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves (about 8 ounces each), halved horizontally (I used some leftover cooked chicken)
• 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons flour
•6 garlic cloves, finely minced
•6 cups whole milk
•10 ounces white or cremini mushrooms, trimmed and thinly sliced (I used 8 oz of button mushrooms)
• 1 cup sliced oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes, drained
•1 1/2 cups shredded provolone (6 ounces) (I used an italian blend that had provolone in it)
•1 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan (about 6 ounces)

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 400. Butter two shallow 2-quart baking dishes. If you’re going to freeze one, use a disposable foil pan.  In a large pot of boiling salted water, cook pasta 3 minutes short of al dente; drain pasta and set aside.
2. While pasta is boiling, heat oil over medium-high heat in a large skillet. Season chicken with salt and pepper; cook until opaque throughout, 3 to 5 minutes per side. Halve each piece lengthwise, then thinly slice crosswise.  While chicken pan is still hot, toss the mushrooms in and saute until golden brown (3-4 minutes).  Use a little extra olive oil if needed.(Since I used left over chicken, I just cooked the mushrooms in the olive oil)
3. In a 5-quart Dutch oven or heavy pot , melt butter over medium. Add flour and garlic; cook, whisking, 1 minute. While whisking constantly, gradually add milk; bring to a simmer.  Keep whisking frequently as sauce thickens, about 1 minute more. Add mushrooms and tomatoes; cook 1 minute. Take the pan off the heat and and gradually stir in provolone and 1/2 cup Parmesan.
4. Add chicken and pasta to pot; season with salt and pepper to taste. Divide pasta mixture between baking dishes.  If freezing, place remaining parmesan cheese in a zip-top baggie.  If cooking, sprinkle on top.
5. Bake, uncovered, until top is golden and bubbling, about 25 minutes. Let stand 5 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Gina Lee Lafreniere
Description: 
taste like Olive Gardens Chicken Pene
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
45 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
