URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63603922/sopes-de-pollo-with-roasted-pasilla-chile-sauce/
Title:
Sopes de Pollo with Roasted Pasilla Chile Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Sopes:
1 cup Maseca® Instant Corn Masa Flour
2/3 cup water
1/8 teaspoon salt
Oil for frying
Filling:
1 cup cooked and shredded chicken
1/4 cup Herdez® Roasted Pasilla Chile Cooking Sauce.
1 cup refried beans
Garnish Options:
Limes
Chopped onion
Minced cilantro
Chopped lettuce or cabbage
Mexican blend shredded cheese or cotija cheese
Crema or sour cream
Sliced radishes
Chopped avocado
Diced tomatoes
Diced jalapenos

Directions:
Sopes: Preheat ungreased griddle or comal (flat skillet) on medium-high heat. Combine instant corn masa flour with salt and water. Mix thoroughly for about 2 minutes to form soft dough. If dough feels dry, add more water (one tablespoon at a time). Divide dough into 8 equal balls and cover with a damp cloth to keep them moist. By hand press each ball into a 3 inch round approx 1/4 inch thick patty.  Cook each sope on the griddle for 1 minute on each side. Working on the side that was heated first, pinch the edges of the patty up to form a lip approximately 1/2 inch (the masa is still hot so work quickly). Keep sopes covered with a cloth and allow to cool. Fry each sope in 1/2 inch of oil until golden brown and drain on paper towels.
Filling: Combine shredded chicken and sauce in a pan and simmer until heated throughout. In a separate pan or microwave heat refried beans. To assemble, spread refried beans around the bottom of each shell then top with the chicken/sauce mixture. Serve immediately with garnishes of choice.

Submitter: 
bd.weld
Description: 
Easy to make sopes that are topped with ingredients that deliver a delicious authentic taste. The Roasted Pasilla Chile sauce is mild in heat yet rich in flavor. I make everything but the sopes in advance and just heat the chicken and beans before serving.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
