URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63601612/couscous-with-olives-and-sun-dried-tomato/
Title:
Couscous with Olives and Sun-Dried Tomato Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1001988.jpg
Ingredients:
Couscous:
2 cups uncooked Israeli couscous
1 1/4 cups vegetable broth
1/14 cups hot water
Pinch of salt
Pine Nuts:
3 T olive oil
1/2 cup pine nuts
Sauce & Garnish:
2 T olive oil
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 shallot, minced
1/2 cup sliced, pitted back olive
1/3 cup chopped sun-dried tomato, packed in oil
1 cup vegetable broth
4 T chopped flat-leaf italian parsley

Directions:
Prepare the couscous: Bring 1 1/4 cups water and 1 /14 cups vegetable broth to a rolling boil. Add 2 cups Israeli couscous. Add a pinch of salt and pepper to taste. Cook 8 to 10 minutes or per package instructions.
Roast the pine nuts: Heat 3 T olive oil over medium-high heat. Add 1/2 cup of pine nuts. Stir frequently until all pine nuts are toasted to a golden brown color.
Prepare the sauce: Mince 4 cloves of garlic and 1 shallot. Heat 2 T olive oil over medium-high heat. Add minced garlic and shallots and simmer until softened (about 2 minutes). Next, add the olives and drained, chopped sun-dried tomatoes. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. Slowly add the vegetable broth and heat the mixture to boiling. Reduce heat and simmer 8 to 10 minutes or until the sauce has been reduced to a creamy, chunky texture.
Combine and Serve: In a large mixing/serving bowl, add the prepared couscous and the sauce and mix together. Add chopped parsley and serve.

Submitter: 
Erin C. David
Description: 
A delicate, flavorful dish that will satisfy vegans and carnivores alike! Inspired by my family's deep Coptic Orthodox Christian tradition, this is a great meal alternative during strict fasting times. It contains no animal products or fats, but has enough flavor and visual impact to make you feel like you're not sacrificing a thing! I hope you will enjoy this recipe. God Bless.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
