URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63600257/pumpkin-celery-root-and-carrot-salad/
Title:
Pumpkin, celery root and carrot salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1001607.jpg
Ingredients:
Celeriac or celery root raw -  1 cup shredded
Carrots raw- 1 -2 mid sized carrots
Pumpkin raw - 1 cup
Olive oil - 2 tablespoons.
Salt/pepper per your taste and wish.

Directions:
Nutrition:
Herbs: lemon basil or parsley per your taste and wish
Same as celery, celeriac is a great source of vitamin K and Vitamin C , Vitamin A and vitamin B6. . It is also a very good source of fiber and phosphorus. It is a fair source of potassium and this, unattractive at first. root may prevent certain cancers.
Pumpkin , another main ingredient is also very useful: it is rich in antioxidants, such as vitamin-A, vitamin-C and vitamin-E Pumpkin is also an excellent source of many natural poly-phenolic flavonoid compounds such as ?, ß carotenes, cryptoxanthin, lutein and zea-xanthin. Carotenes convert into vitamin A inside the body. Zea-xanthin is a natural anti-oxidant which has UV (ultra-violet) rays filtering actions in the macula lutea in retina of the eyes. Thus, it helps protect from "age-related macular disease" (ARMD) in the elderly.
Do you feel more inspired now? I bet you are. Eating daily  salad with one of these components should support your health and make you look radiant!
Preparation:
Preparation of this dish is very very simple. Shred all the ingredients (peeled and washed of course)
When shredded, mix the ingredients well, then add some salt/pepper if you wish. Add olive oil and your breakfast is ready. You can add some sesame seeds on top for a special taste.
Enjoy your salad!
And Stay Healthy, Stay Beautiful

Submitter: 
helenscooking
Description: 
Helen Koval from Helen's Cooking shares her recipe of healthy vegan breakfast: celery, pumpkin and carrot salad. Simple and very easy to cook nutritious and healthy
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
3 min
Ready in:
03 min
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
