URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63614805/tomatillo-and-shredded-pork-eggs-benedict/
Title:
Tomatillo and Shredded Pork Eggs Benedict Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1005458.jpg
Ingredients:
1 lb pork shoulder
1 jar Herdez Tomatillo Verde Mexican Cooking Sauce, divided
2 Tbsp chili powder
1 Tbsp garlic powder
1 Tbsp onion powder
1 Tbsp hot sauce, such as Valentina
2 egg yolks
1 can green chilis
3 Tbsp cold butter
1/4 tsp salt
1/4 tsp black pepper
4 whole eggs
2 Tbsp white vinegar
4 english muffins
4 oz shredded Mexican-style cheese
1/2 C diced tomato (optional)

Directions:
Place pork shoulder in crock pot.  Add 1/3 jar cooking sauce, chili powder, garlic powder, onion powder, and hot sauce.  Add enough water to cover meat.  Cook on high until cooked through, approximately 3 hours.
Remove pork from crock pot.  Shred pork and return to cooking liquid in crock pot.  Heat on low for another 2 hours.  Drain before serving.
Just prior to serving, cook egg yolks in saucepan over medium heat.  Whisk briskly for 1 minute as yolks thicken.  Add remaining 2/3 jar of cooking sauce, chiles, butter, salt, and pepper.  Whisk until heated through and combined. Continue to whisk occasionally over low heat.
Toast english muffins and keep warm until ready to serve.
In a small saucepan, heat several inches of water to simmering.  Add vinegar.  Break eggs individually into ramekins and gently drop into water, cooking only one at a time.  Cook for 3-5 minutes until done.  Remove from water with slotted spoon and drain on paper towel.
To serve, top each muffin half with a sprinkling of cheese and a drizzle of sauce.  Top with shredded pork, another sprinkling of cheese, poached egg, and more sauce.  Top with diced tomato if desired.

Submitter: 
SunnyDaysNora
Description: 
A delicious Mexican-inspired twist on a brunch favorite that's great for breakfast, dinner, or any time in between!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
