URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63615840/roasted-chili-verde-with-pork/
Title:
Roasted Chili Verde with Pork Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 C. Flour
2 tsp. seasoned salt
1 tsp. black pepper
1 tsp. Cumin
1 (3 pound) boneless pork shoulder roast, trimmed of excess fat and cut into 1-inch cubes
2 T. olive oil (or more if needed)
2 T. butter
1 Large onion chopped
4 cloves garlic chopped
1 C. baby carrots chopped
1/2 C. fresh Tomatillos chopped
2 fresh Serrano Peppers chopped
4 mild Anaheim Peppers roasted peeled and chopped
1 Roasted clove garlic
1 tsp. dried oregano
1 tsp. dried Marjoram
1/2 C. fresh cilantro chopped
4 C. water
4 tsp. chicken bouillon
1/2 tsp salt or to taste
3 T. sour cream

Directions:
Roast the chilies and garlic- line a cookie sheet with aluminum foil. place chilies and unpeeled garlic clove on cookie sheet, place in the oven on the top rack under the broiler turning the chilies till all sides have browned (not black/burned), and the garlic is slightly browned on both sides. Pull out of the oven. Set aside the garlic and wrap the chilies completely in the aluminum foil to sweat, set aside to cool about 20 minutes.
Chop all the veggies(except the chilies) and cube the meat.
In a separate bowl add flour, seasoned salt, pepper, cumin and mix.
Dredge the meat in flour mixture and save any leftover flour mix for later.
Heat the olive oil in a large, heavy pan or Dutch oven over medium-high heat until the oil simmers. Working in batches if necessary, place the meat into the hot pan in a single layer and Brown on all sides, about 15 minutes. Remove the pork to a bowl, and cover to keep warm.
Uncover,peel and chop the chilies, discard the stem and add chilies and any juice left over to the veggies in next step.
add butter to the heavy pot the meat was cooked in, till butter is melted and simmers, add all the vegetables, oregano, marjoram, cilantro, and salt stirring till the onions and garlic become fragrant about 2-3 minutes. Add water and bouillon till dissolved. Then add the meat and left over flour mixture, cover and reduce heat to medium low for 1 hour or till meat is tender and falls apart easily. then add the sour cream and stir till mixed in.
place in bowls, Garnish with cilantro, sour cream, avocado and/or cheese. Can serve over rice, or use for enchiladas and sauce over top. Great for tostadas or anything you want. Note-if refrigerated for 24 hours the flavors infuse and is even better reheated.

Submitter: 
Jamie Jensen
Description: 
This is a great recipe, the time invested to roast the  chilies is worth every bite! one of those recipes that gets better with time and can be used in many different ways.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
