URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63619615/comfort-chicken-and-dumplings/
Title:
Comfort Chicken and Dumplings Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1006715.jpg
Ingredients:
FOR SOUP:
2	whole chickens
8 md	carrots
2 md	sweet onion
8	stalks of celery
water (enough to cover chickens)
2 Tbsp	poultry seasoning
2 Tbsp	garlic powder
2 Tbsp	old bay seasoning
2	bay leaves, dried
1 tsp	salt
2 tsp	black pepper
4-5 dash(es)	hot sauce (franks red hot sauce)
1/4 c	chicken bouillon (best bouillon brand)
1	savory chicken cube (knorr brand)
1/2 c	instant mashed potatoes (optional)
FOR DUMPLINGS:
4 c	flour
4 tsp	baking powder
2/3 c	butter
1 c	milk (skim, 2% or whole, even canned is ok)
2 tsp	old bay seasoning

Directions:
In a big stock pot cover chickens w/water (if the giblets are in a bag, remove from bag & put the giblets back in the pot). Add 4 carrots(roughly chopped), 1 onion(roughly chopped), & 4 celery stalks(roughly chopped). Add poultry seasoning, garlic, old bay, bay leafs, salt, pepper, hot sauce, chicken bouillon & Savory cube.
Bring to a boil. Once it has come to a rolling boil, cover, turn down to simmer & cook until chicken is cooked through, approx. an hour(if chicken was thawed).
Once the chicken is done, remove the chicken & let it cool. Turn chicken stock to low heat. Pull out the veggies and giblets.
To make the dumplings. In a large bowl add flour, baking powder, & old bay, mix well. Cut in butter till the mixture looks crumbly, add milk to make a stiff dough.
Roll dough out on a well floured surface to a 1/8-1/4 inch thickness (I prefer 1/4 inch). Cut into 1" strips and then into 1" squares. Perfection not required.
Make sure the dumplings have a good coating of flour (this will help thicken the soup), let them rest while you deal with the chicken.
When chicken is cool enough to handle, clean the bones of meat, make sure you cut any large pieces into at least 1" cubes,drop in the broth.
Add the rest of the veggies (chopped in bite size pieces) in the pot. Bring the soup to a boil.
Once it comes to a boil start adding the dumplings one at a time, making sure that they don't stick together.Let the dumplings cook for 15-20 minutes. If the broth is not thick enough you can add the optional instant mashed potatoes.

Submitter: 
Lori Rowley-Sipple
Description: 
This is a Lori original. After cooking chicken n' dumplings for years, and not liking EVERYTHING about any of them. I put this beauty together. Makes a TON...so feel free to cut the recipe in half. Hope you enjoy :)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
30
Nutritional Facts:
NA
