URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63617899/red-chile-braised-beef-over-mashed-sweet-potatoes/
Title:
Red Chile Braised Beef over Mashed Sweet Potatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1006275.jpg
Ingredients:
For Red Chile Braised Beef:
2 tablespoons vegetable oil, or as needed
2-1/2 pounds beef stew meat (or chuck roast cut into small cubes)
1/2 cup chopped onion
1 teaspoon smoked paprika
1 teaspoon oregano
1/2 teaspoon cumin
1/2 teaspoon salt, or to taste
1/2 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper
1 cup beef broth
1 (12 ounce) jar Herdez Red Guajillo Chile Mexican Cooking Sauce
2 tablespoons tomato paste
Chopped green onions, for garnish (optional)
For Mashed Sweet Potatoes:
2 large or 3 small sweet potatoes
1 tablespoon butter
1/3 cup light sour cream
Salt, to taste

Directions:
Place sweet potatoes in a large pot or Dutch oven with a cover. Add enough water to the pot to cover the sweet potatoes. Cover pot and place over high heat. Bring the water to a boil then reduce heat to medium-low and simmer at a low boil for about 40 to 45 minutes or till sweet potatoes are tender all the way through when pierced with a sharp knife. Remove sweet potatoes with a slotted spoon and allow to cool.
While sweet potatoes are simmering, combine the smoked paprika, oregano, cumin, salt and pepper in a small bowl and set aside.
Coat the bottom of a large saute pan with vegetable oil and place over medium-high heat. Add the beef to the hot oil and sprinkle with the seasoning mix. Cook, stirring as needed, until browned on all sides, approximately 10 minutes. Cook in batches if necessary to avoid overcrowding. Transfer browned beef to a plate and set aside. Add a little more vegetable oil to pan if necessary and add the chopped onion. Cook and stir for a few minutes until softened. Add the beef broth, Herdez Red Guajillo Chile Mexican Cooking Sauce, and tomato paste to the pan. Cook and stir until the sauce it is well combined and warmed through. Add the cooked beef to the sauce, bring to a low boil then lower heat to low. Simmer, covered for one hour.
When sweet potatoes are cool enough to handle, remove and discard skins using a paper towel to pull them off. Place sweet potatoes in a large mixing bowl and add butter, light sour cream, and salt. Using a hand mixer, beat the mixture until smooth and creamy.
To serve, spoon individual portions of sweet potatoes on to plates and top with a heaping spoonful of the beef mixture and sauce. Garnish with chopped green onions, if desired.

Submitter: 
Valerie Brunmeier
Description: 
Stew meat braised in a rich, mildly spicy red chile sauce till fork tender and served over mashed sweet potatoes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
