URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63618963/cajn-baked-tilapia-with-herdez-guajillo-chile-shrimp-etouffee/
Title:
Cajn Baked Tilapia with Herdez ® Guajillo Chile Shrimp Etouffee Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1006543.jpg
Ingredients:
3 Tbs. Canola oil, butter, Extra Virgin Olive Oil, or Vegetable oil
3 Tbs. AP Flour
2 Stalks of celery, sliced
1 Onion, chopped
3-4 Garlic Cloves, minced
3-4 cups seafood broth
1 jar Herdez®Guajillo Chile Cooking Sauce
4 oz. Tomato Paste
Cajun Seasoning(recipe on AR site), to taste
Salt and Pepper, to taste
1 lb. shrimp, tails off
4 Tilapia filets
1 Tbs. Cajun Seasoning
Cilantro, sprigs or chopped for garnish
1 Lime, cut into wedges

Directions:
Pre heat oven to 350 F
Using a large, deep frying pan or Dutch oven. Make a roux (do not skip this step) by mixing the oil and flour together in pan, over med hi heat stirring constantly until the mixture becomes a nice brown color. DO NOT let this burn, or you'll have to start all over again.
Add Celery, onion and garlic and cook for about 5 minutes or until they are soft, adding broth to keep it from drying out.  Add remaining broth, 1 jar of Herdez(r)Guajillo Chile Cooking Sauce and Tomato Paste. Bring to boiling, reduce heat and let simmer 10-20 minutes adding some water a little at a time until desired consistency. Season to taste with Cajun seasoning and salt and pepper.
While sauce is simmering, sprinkle 1 Tbsp. Cajun Seasoning on both sides of Tilapia filets.
Bake Uncovered for 4-5minutes on each side ( depending on thickness of filets)until fish is light and flakes easily. Let sit for 1-2 minutes to rest.
This is the perfect time for you to add in the shrimp to sauce.  Let simmer until shrimp turns a beautiful pink color.
Place one filet on each plate, and spoon Etouffee sauce over the fish.
works great if served over a bed of Cilantro-Lime Rice also from AR site. Garnish with sprigs of cilantro and a few lime wedges. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Tracey Ferrari Posner
Description: 
An tasty and interesting fusion of Cajun and Mexican Etouffee.  Makes a lot and goes a long way.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
15 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
