URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63617905/eggs-benedict-french-mex-style/
Title:
Eggs Benedict French-Mex Style Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1006259.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup refried beans, heated
4 tablespoons Herdez Traditional Chipotle Mexican Cooking Sauce
1 lb of your favorite bulk chorizo
4 english muffins, split, toasted and lightly buttered
2 ripe avocado, cut into thin slices
8 eggs, poached
1 batch of Chipotle Hollandaise Sauce (see below)
cilantro, for garnish
lime wedges, for garnish
Chipotle Hollandaise:
2 egg yolk, beaten
4 tablespoons Herdez Traditional Chipotle Mexican Cooking Sauce
1 cup butter, melted
1/2 teaspoon salt
Juice of 1/2 lemon

Directions:
Heat the refried beans with 4 tablespoons chipotle sauce.
Portion the chorizo into 8 patties and cook thoroughly.
Split, toast and butter the english muffin halves.
Slice the avocados into roughly 6 slices each half.
Poach the eggs and hold warm until assembly.
For the Chipotle Hollandaise Sauce:  Combine the beaten egg yolks and the cooking sauce in a heatproof bowl over a double boiler or pan of barely simmering water.  Do not allow the bowl to touch the water.
Whisk the egg/sauce mixture until it becomes frothy, 2-4 minutes.  Very slowly drizzle in the butter while continuously whisking the mixture. Continue until all the butter is incorporated into the egg mixture.  If it begins to get too thick, you can add a bit of the lemon juice to thin it out.
Once the butter is incorporated, add the salt and lemon juice and combine.  Taste the sauce and adjust the seasonings.
Hold the sauce over  the double boiler on a very low flame to keep it warm while preparing any remaining ingredients.
Build the Benedict: Spread the toasted muffin with the refried beans.  Top with a cooked chorizo patty. Arrange 2-3 avocado slices on top of the chorizo to make a "nest" for the poached egg.  Place the poached egg on top of the avocado.  Dress the dish with the Chipotle Hollandaise and garnish with cilantro and lime.

Submitter: 
Cookin Up A Storm
Description: 
The brunch staple Eggs Benedict gets kicked up with some help from a spicy, earthy Chipotle Hollandaise, a bit of Chorizo and some spicy refried beans in this fantastic fusion of French tradition and the flavors of Mexico.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
