URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63617135/supreme-guajillo-quesadillas/
Title:
Supreme Guajillo Quesadillas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1006215.jpg
Ingredients:
1 lb. lean hamburger
1 cup chopped onions
1/2 tsp. of cumin
1/4 tsp. pepper
1/2 tsp. salt or to taste
2 garlic cloves minced
1 tsp. garlic powder
1 jar of Herdez Guajillo Cooking Sauce
To Prepare Quesadillas:
8 flour tortillas (6 inch size)
1 can of refried beans (16 oz.)
1  and 1/2 cups of shredded Mexican cheese blend, (3 T. cheese per quesadilla for inside
1/4 cup of Canola oil or vegetable oil to brush the top and bottom of each quesadilla.
On second baking:  3  T. of cheese for the top)
Toppings:
chopped black olives
pico de gallo
sour cream
guacamole
chopped onions

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees
Line a large baking sheet with tinfoil.
Spray baking sheet with cooking spray.
Add hamburger, onions, garlic and seasonings to a large fry pan. Cook hamburger on medium heat, breaking up hamburger until no longer pink.
Drain any excess grease.
Pour 1 jar of Herdez Guajillo Cooking sauce over meat mixture.
Mix and cook meat mixture until heated through. (1-2 minutes)
Place 4 tortillas on a foil lined baking sheet.
Brush the outside of each tortilla with oil.
Spread 1/4 cup of refried beans on top of each tortilla.
Add 1/2 cup of meat mixture and 3 T. of cheese per tortilla.
Place second tortilla on top.
Bake in the oven for 10 minutes.
Remove from the oven and add 3 T. of cheese or more on top.
Return to the oven and bake 5 minutes or until the cheese is melted.
To Serve: Garnish with your choice of toppings: pico de gallo, chopped black olives, guacamole and sour cream.
Cut quesadillas into quarters.

Submitter: 
Lela
Description: 
Dig into a mouth watering baked quesadilla. Ground beef and the flavorful Herdez Red Guajillo Cooking sauce topped with Mexican blended cheese makes this quesadilla a tasty meal.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
45
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
