URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63618471/red-velvet-cake---clean/
Title:
Red Velvet Cake - CLEAN Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup coconut oil, at room temperature
1/2 cup unsweetened applesauce
1/2 cup + 2 Tbsp evaporated cane juice
1/2 cup + 2 Tbsp honey
2 eggs
¼ cup + 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder
8 tablespoons red food coloring (liquid- *I used pureed roasted beets)
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 cup buttermilk
2¼ cups 100% whole-grain white winter wheat flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon distilled white vinegar

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease two 9-inch cake pans. Line the bottoms of the pans with a parchment round, butter the parchment paper, and then flour the pans.
On medium-high speed, mix the oil, applesauce, cane juice and honey until combined. Turn the mixer to high and add the eggs one at a time, mixing for about a minute after each addition. Scrape down the bowl and beat until well incorporated.
In a separate small bowl, mix together the cocoa powder, vanilla extract and red food coloring to make a thick paste. Add to the batter and mix on medium speed until completely combined. You may need to stop the mixer to scrape the bottom of the bowl, making sure that all the batter gets color.
8. Reduce the mixer speed to low and slowly add half of the buttermilk. Add half of the flour and mix until combined. Scrape the bowl and repeat the process with the remaining buttermilk and flour. Beat on high until smooth.
9. Again, reduce the mixer speed to low and add the salt, baking soda and vinegar. Turn to high and beat for another couple of minutes until completely combined and smooth.
10. Divide the batter evenly between the two cake pans and bake for about 25-30 minutes, or until a thin knife or skewer inserted into the center comes out clean. Cool for 10 minutes and then remove cakes from the pans and place them on a cooling rack to cool completely.

Submitter: 
Apron Appeal
Description: 
A cleaner version of a classic but skinnied up with healthy, clean alternatives and 1/2 the sweetner of the original cake!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
2 hrs
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
