URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63615873/nanas-fabulous-focaccia/
Title:
Nana's Fabulous Focaccia Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Poolish:
1/4 tsp yeast
2 1/2 Cups Bread Flour
1 1/2 Cups Warm Water
Dough:
All the poolish
1 1/2 teaspoon yeast
3 Cups Bread Flour
2 T Olive Oil
3/4 Cup Warm Water
1 T Kosher salt (or 1 1/5 tsp table salt)
1 T Italian seasoning
Toppings:
1/4 cup olive oil
3 large cloves garlic
italian seasoning
kosher salt
parmesan cheese
peppers, tomatoes, olives, red onions etc...

Directions:
Mix the poolish and let stand at room temperature for several hours or over night in the refrigerator.
Place all the poolish it the mixing bowl.
Sprinkle with the yeast.  Add the flour & Italian seasoning.  Mix to combine.
Add the water, mix.  Add the salt and olive oil.
Knead for about 6 - 8 minutes on speed 2 of a stand mixer. Dough should pull away from the sides of the bowl and climb your dough hook but will still be very sticky and will not be pulling away from the bottom of the bowl.  If the dough isn't pulling away from the sides add an additional 1/4 - 1/2 cups flour.  Dough should be smooth and elastic but very sticky.
Line a sheet pan with parchment paper and coat with olive oil.
Scrape the dough onto the parchment and spray the top of the dough with cooking spray. Cover with plastic wrap.
Let rise until doubled in size.
When dough has doubled gently stretch the dough into a rectangle.
Whirl 1/4 cup olive oil with the garlic.  Spread onto the the dough.  Using your finger tips gently press the dough making little indents and pushing the dough into the corners of the baking sheet.
Sprinkle with italian seasoning and parmesan cheese.  Add any additional toppings you like.
Cover and let rise for about 30 - 45 minutes until dough is puffy.
Preheat oven to 425
Bake at 425 for about 20 - 25 minutes.  The foccacia should be lightly brown but the bottom will still be pale in color.  Remove from pan by pulling the parchment paper onto a cooling rack.  Pull the parchment out and let bread cool a rack.

Submitter: 
Baking Nana
Description: 
This flavorful, light airy bread is perfect as an appetizer or with any meal.  I keep a bowl of poolish made up in the refrigerator.  This is one of my most requested bread.  Enjoy!Modified from: Fabulous Focaccia
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
14 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
