URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63616013/fired-up-philly-cheese-steak/
Title:
Fired Up Philly Cheese Steak Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1005756.jpg
Ingredients:
2 to 3 lbs. bottom round roast or chuck roast
½ tsp. garlic salt
12 oz. Herdez Mexican Cooking Sauces Roasted Pasilla Chile
2 TBSP olive oil
1 large green bell pepper, sliced
1 large onion, sliced
8 oz. raw mushrooms, sliced
16 slices provolone cheese
2 large french bread loaves
Optional:  jalapeno slices

Directions:
Wrap roast in aluminum foil.  Place in slow cooker and set on low for 8 to 10 hours.
Once roast is done, remove it from slow cooker, place in a 13 by 9 inch pan or large bowl, and remove foil.
Reserve broth from slow cooker, and set aside.
Using two forks, shred roast.
Add garlic salt to broth, and pour over shredded beef.
Pour Herdez Mexican Cooking Sauces Roasted Pasilla Chile over shredded beef, and stir until mixed throughout beef.
Return shredded beef mixture back to slow cooker and heat on low.
In a large pan, heat olive oil on medium-low heat.
Add green bell pepper and onion and saute until soft.
Add mushrooms, and saute until mushrooms are soft.
Remove from heat.
Half each loaf of bread (for ease of broiling in oven), and then slice each half open.
Divide the shredded beef into four parts, and place down on both sides of each open loaf.
Divide the vegetables into four parts, and lay down over the beef on each open loaf.
Lay four pieces of provolone cheese across each open loaf over the vegetables.
Place oven rack two levels down from top of oven.
Place aluminum foil over the top of the rack, and lay open slices on the rack.
Broil for 2 to 3 minutes or until cheese is melted.
When broiling is done, remove from oven, and add jalapeno slices if desired.
Close sandwich, and slice into smaller pieces.

Submitter: 
donnam
Description: 
I created this spicier (but not too spicy) recipe using Herdez Mexican Sauces.  I wanted to create a traditional dish with a kick to it.  My husband absolutely loved it. It's perfect for meat lovers and would be great in smaller slices for parties.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 min.
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
