URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63613179/ultimo-tiramisu/
Title:
Ultimo Tiramisu` Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1010771.jpg
Ingredients:
2 - 1 ounce squares semi-sweet chocolate 1 grated 1 finely chopped
1-1/2 cups heavy cream
5 egg yolks
1 cup confectioners sugar
1/4 cup regular white sugar
3 Tablespoons Kahlua
1-1/2 cups Mascarpone cheese
1-1/2 dozen lady fingers.
1 cup instant espresso coffee or the smallest you can make in coffee maker
3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder

Directions:
In a medium sized bowl whip cream until it starts to thicken and stiff peaks start to form. Slowly add the white sugar and continue beating till stiff peaks form and looks glossy, refrigerate when done. I another bowl add egg yolks and mix with the confectioners sugar sugar until smooth and creamy. Stir in the cheese and mix by hand to blend. Fold in whipped cream till just blended. Split lady fingers in half and use the bottoms for the 1st layer. Line the bottom of a 2 quart casserole with ladyfingers, cut as necessary to make a solid layer. Using a small ladle or large spoon pour espresso over the ladyfingers to soak them, until they do not absorb any more. As an alternative you can just dip them into cooled espresso in a small bowl. Spread a layer of cheese mixture on top using about 1/2 of mixture. Drizzle with Kahlua and sprinkle with cocoa powder and grated chocolate. Add another layer using the other half of ladyfingers with cut side up. Add espresso and other 1/2 of cheese mixture spreading out with swirls for looks. Drizzle with Kahlua and top with shaved chocolate and dust with cocoa powder. Sprinkle with chopped chocolate pieces and refrigerate at least 3-4 hours. For best results refrigerate overnight. Godere.(enjoy)

Submitter: 
Grumpygrandpa
Description: 
If you like Tiramisu as much as I do you have got to try this. It's been a labor of love for the past several years trying to come up with the perfect recipe. Have tried all the variations and all of them were very good. I think what makes this outstanding is the homemade mascarpone and Roxanne's recipe for ladyfingers. This is better than most restaurants I promise.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 mins.
Ready in:
3-4 h
Number of servings: 
9
Nutritional Facts:
NA
