URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63612345/grilled-shrimp-avocado-pasta/
Title:
Grilled Shrimp & Avocado Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 ripe Hass avocado
2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese, plus more for serving (optional)
1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice
¼ cup extra-virgin olive oil
Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 pound linguine
2 tablespoons butter
2 tablespoons champagne vinegar (recipe on Hallmark/home&famiy site does not show where to use the champagne vinegar, I think it's to deglaze the pan when sautéing the shrimp)
2 tablespoons minced garlic
1 pound medium shrimp, peeled, and deveined
¼ cup chopped scallions
1 teaspoon red pepper flakes

Directions:
Cut each avocado in half lengthwise.
Remove the pit from the avocado and discard.
Remove the avocado from the skin and place the avocado in the bowl of a food processor.
Add the Parmesan and lemon juice to the food processor bowl.
Pulse the mixture for 1 to 2 minutes while streaming in 2 tablespoons of the olive oil until smooth and creamy.
Scrape down the sides of the food processor bowl with a spatula as needed.
Season the sauce with salt and pepper.
Set the avocado mixture aside.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil.
Add the linguine and cook according to the package directions. Once the pasta is al dente, drain the pasta.
Add the butter and remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil to a large skillet over medium heat.
Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds.
Add the shrimp and cook until they are pink and cooked through, about 2 minutes per side.
Add the scallions and red pepper flakes and stir to combine.
Add the cooked pasta and the avocado-Parmesan sauce to the shrimp mixture and toss to combine using a pair of kitchen tongs.
The pasta should be evenly coated with the avocado-Parmesan mixture.
Taste and adjust seasoning as needed.
Serve immediately with more Parmesan, if desired.
www.hallmarkchannel.com/homeandfamily/recipe/chefgabydalkinavocados

Submitter: 
Sue's recipes
Description: 
This recipe came from the television show Home & Family with Cristina Ferrare she was cooking with the author of a new cookbook, Absolute Avocados.  whatsgabycooking.com
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
