URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63628209/stuffed-peppers---carb-free---new-mexico-sytle/
Title:
Stuffed Peppers - CARB FREE - New Mexico Sytle Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/4 cup of coconut oil (or your prefered oil for sautéing vegetables)
1 yellow onion
1 bunch of celery (based on preference)
6 - 8 Peppers:  Red, Yellow, Orange, Green for Color; the number will depend on the size of peppers, how full you stuff them, and the amount of vegetables you prefer.
1 lb. ground beef
1 egg
1 tsp worcestershire sauce
1 tsp salt, 1/2 tsp pepper
2 - 3 carrots (based on preference)
1/2 New Mexico Green Chile (or the best you can find)
HERDEZ Mexican Cooking Sauce -- Traditional Chipotle
1 tsp adobo sauce and one chipotle pepper (no seeds!)
Sour cream, Guacamole, shredded cheese, and salsa for toppint - your preference of heat etc.

Directions:
Slice off Tops of peppers, clean them out and place in salted boiling water for 5 - 10 minutes.  My husband likes them soft so I cook them close to ten.  Drain and rinse with cold water.
Heat oil and sauté the onion, chopped celery, and the tops of the peppers (chopped) until tender.
Meanwhile, combine the ground beef, egg, worcestershire sauce, salt and pepper.
In blender, combine 1 can of HERDEZ Traditional Chipotle cooking sauce, chipotle pepper and sauce, and green chile.  This is where I add the carrots.
Add the sautéed vegetables to the beef mixture, then pour in the sauce and mix together.  I reserve a bit of sauce with which to top the peppers.
Spoon the beef/vegetable mixture into the peppers and place them in a baking dish with about 1/4 inch of water.  top with remaining sauce.
Bake at 350 for 60 minutes.  Top with shredded cheese as soon as you take them out of the oven.
Place peppers on serving dish and top with salsa, sour cream and guacamole as desired.

Submitter: 
Cwby2nz
Description: 
These peppers are easy to take with you for lunches, and so healthy!  They freeze well.  A great way to get those vegetables as a big part of your meal!  I developed this recipe while looking for healthy dinners, low in carbs, and my strong preference for New Mexican Mexican food.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1:45
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
