URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63628172/moroccan-lamb-and-bean-stew/
Title:
Moroccan Lamb and Bean Stew Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 tbsp olive oil
1 lb bone-in shoulder lamb chops (about 2 chops), trimmed of excess fat
1 lg onion, finely chopped (about 2 cups)
2 tsp ground ginger
1/2 tsp ground tumeric
1 tsp ground cinnamon
1/4 tsp hot paprika
4 cups low-sodium, fat free chicken stock
1/3 cup dried lentils
1 rib celery with leaves, finely chopped (about 1/2 cup)
1 15.5oz can low-sodium diced tomatoes, drained
1 med potato, diced (about 1 cup)
1 15.5oz can low-sodium chickpeas, rinsed and drained
2 tbsp finely chopped fresh parsley
2 tbsp finely chopped fresh cilantro
kosher salt
freshly ground pepper
1/4 cup non fat Greek yogurt (optional)

Directions:
1. Heat oil in a large heavy bottom pot over med-high. Cook lamb chops for 2-3 mins on each side or until browned. Remove to plate and set aside.
2.Reduce heat to med, add onion and cook, stirring occasionally, for 2 mins or until soft.  Mix in ginger, turmeric, cinnamon, and paprika; cook for 15 secs. Add chicken stock and bring to a simmer.  Scrape up any brown bits from the bottom of pot and mix in.  Stir in lentils and return lamb to pot. Bring to a boil, then cover and reduce heat to med-low; simmer for about 10 mins.
3. Stir in celery, tomatoes, and potato.  Turn chops over, cover and cook for 10 mins.
4.  Add chickpeas, cover and cook for 10 mins more.  Remove soup from heat and place lamb chops on a cutting board.  When cool enough to handle, remove meat from the bones and cut into 1/2 inch pieces.
5. Transfer 2 cups of the soup into a blender or food processor and puree until smooth.  Return mixture to pot, along with lamb.  Warm soup, stir in parsley and cilantro and season with salt and pepper to taste.  Serve with a tbsp of greek yogurt on top (optional)

Submitter: 
Casey McMahon
Description: 
Healthy cooking recipe!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
