URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63625980/beef-empanadas-with-chipotle-cilantro-dipping-sauce/
Title:
Beef Empanadas with Chipotle Cilantro Dipping Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1008498.jpg
Ingredients:
1 lb. lean ground beef
4 green onions - chopped
1 jalapeno - finely diced
1/4 teaspoon cumin
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
3/4 cup Herdez Traditional Chipotle Cooking Sauce
1 cup shredded mexi-blend cheese
2 Boxes 14.1 oz. Refrigerated Pie Crusts
2 Egg Yolks
Sauce:
1/2 cup sour cream
1 teaspoon lime juice
4 tablespoons Herdez Traditional Chipotle Cooking Sauce
2 tablespoons mayonnaise
1 tablespoon cilantro - finely chopped

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
Saute ground beef in skillet over medium high heat. Drain beef and set aside keeping 2 teaspoons grease in skillet.
Add chopped green onions and jalapeno to skillet and sauté until soft.
Add beef back to vegetable mixture in skillet.
Add 3/4 cup Herdez chipotle cooking sauce, garlic powder, & cumin to mixture.  Saute for 3-4 minutes over medium heat.  Set to side to slightly cool.
Bring pie crust to room temperature. Using a 4" cutter - cut (5) circles from each pie crust for a total of 20 circles.  You may need to combine the dough scraps and roll again to get enough circles.
Add one tablespoon of meat mixture onto each circle.
Top beef with 1 tablespoon grated cheese.
With your finger dampen the edge of one dough circle with water.  Fold over and lightly press edges, so, empanada is in a half moon shape.  Lightly press edges with fork to seal.
Place empanada on parchment paper lined cookie sheet.
Continue same procedure with remaining dough circles.
Beat 2 egg yolks with 2 tablespoons water and lightly brush empanadas with egg wash.
Bake in oven for 14 minutes or until lightly golden brown.
While empanadas are baking, prepare sauce.
Mix sour cream, lime juice, 4 tablespoons chipotle cooking sauce, mayonnaise, & cilantro together in bowl.  Set aside.
Remove empanadas from oven and cool on pan for 5 minutes.
Serve with dipping sauce.

Submitter: 
Happyschmoopies
Description: 
A baked Mexican appetizer - great for parties or game day!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
39 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
