URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63621430/jalapeno-pub-style-poppers/
Title:
Jalapeno Pub Style Poppers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
24 Large Jalapenos Prepped for Stuffing
12 Ounces Softened Cream Cheese
2 Cups Shredded Monterey Jack Cheese
Flour for Dredging
Batter:
1 1/2 Cups of Flour
2 tsp Baking Powder
2 tsp Salt
2 Eggs
2 Cups Milk -
1 1/2 Cups Italian Style Panko Crumbs
2 Quarts Vegetable Oil for Frying or as needed

Directions:
Keeping the stem intact wash and dry jalapenos
Using kitchen gloved hands cut a diamond shape in one side of jalapeno with a small paring knife. Gently squeeze the pepper and enough of the diamond will pop up so it can easily be removed intact. DO NOT DISCARD DIAMOND CUT OUT
Using a 1/4 teaspoon measuring spoon remove the seeds and membrane from inside the pepper being careful not to tear the opening. Repeat with the remaining peppers reserving diamonds. Keep each diamond with the pepper it was cut from so it can be put back in after stuffing.
In a medium size bowl mix together the cream cheese and Monterey Jack
Stuff each pepper full with cheese mixture. Replace the reserved diamond shaped cut out back into the pepper the exact way it came out. It should fit perfectly and will be secured by the cheese mixture.
Wipe clean any of the cheese mixture from the outside of the pepper with a clean paper towel.
In a large bowl combine flour, baking powder and salt. Whisk the milk and egg into the flour mixture with a fork until combined.
Spread Panko Crumbs in a shallow dish
Dredge the jalapenos in flour.
Holding the jalapeno by the stem dip floured pepper into the batter and place on a wire rack to allow excess to drip off. Placing wax paper underneath the rack makes for easier cleanup.
After six peppers have been dipped, again holding the battered pepper by the stem, coat in panko crumbs. Set aside on a wax paper lined sheet tray. Working quickly as to not let too much batter drip off repeat with remaining peppers in batches of six at a time.
Freeze tray of poppers for 3-4 hours until completely frozen.
In a heavy dutch oven or deep fryer heat oil to 350 degrees. Fry frozen peppers 6-8 minutes or until golden brown. Do not crowd.
Drain on paper towels. Salt

Submitter: 
Lori
Description: 
With an overabundance of large jalapenos in the garden I started craving pub style, deep fried, whole jalapeno poppers. These poppers I created are stuffed with two different kinds of cheese, battered, coated in crispy Panko Bread Crumbs and deep fried to golden perfection. Best served with a side of your favorite marinara sauce.Modified from: Jalapeno Pub Poppers
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
