URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63629043/sicilian-steak-sandwich/
Title:
Sicilian Steak Sandwich Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Artichoke Aioli:
1 (6.5 ounce) jar marinated artichoke hearts, drained
2 tablespoons mayonnaise
2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese
1 teaspoon lemon zest
1/2 lemon, juiced
1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes
salt and ground black pepper to taste
Filling:
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 1/2 pounds beef tri-tip steak, thinly sliced
1 teaspoon Italian seasoning
1 onion, sliced thin
1 yellow bell pepper, sliced into strips
1 orange bell pepper, sliced into strips
1/4 cup pickled sweet and hot pepper rings
handfull of fresh basil leaves
1 cup sliced mushrooms
1 tablespoon capers
1 tablespoon port wine
1 anchovy fillet (optional)
1/2 cup Parmesan cheese
Assembly:
4 slices fresh parmesan bread, toasted
1/4 cup chopped fresh basil

Directions:
Combine artichoke hearts, mayonnaise, Parmesan cheese, lemon zest, lemon juice, red pepper flakes, salt, and black pepper in a food processor or blender. Blend until smooth. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.
Heat olive oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Stir tri-tip steak slices into the hot oil and cook, stirring constantly until they begin to brown, about 3 minutes. Sprinkle with Italian seasoning, salt, and black pepper. Add onion, yellow pepper, orange pepper, sweet hot peppers, and fresh basil ; cook and stir until onion begins to soften, about 5 minutes. Stir in mushrooms, capers, port wine, and anchovy fillet and cook until mushrooms are browned and wine has evaporated, about 5 minutes.
Place parmesan cheese on top of the hot beef mixture and gently fold until cheese is melted, about 2 minutes. Remove beef-cheese mixture from heat.
Spread each toast with about 1/4 cup artichoke aioli. Spoon beef-cheese mixture onto toast and garnish with basil.

Submitter: 
Ann Maksymiw
Description: 
Great recipe for lunch.  The flavours go so well together.  It is a very adaptable recipe , you could substitute what you have in the fridge but keep it Italian.  The herbs and cheese really make it great.  The artichoke spread can also be used as a great dip.Modified from: Sicilian Steak Sandwich
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
