URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63628851/roasted-red-pepper-eggplant-hoagie/
Title:
Roasted Red Pepper & Eggplant Hoagie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1009299.jpg
Ingredients:
16” Italian Hoagie Bread
1/4 cup olive oil
1 clove of garlic smashed
12 dry-cured black olives
1 small eggplant
Salt
1 cup seasoned Italian bread crumbs
1 cup parmesan cheese
2 eggs
1/8 cup of milk
1 cup flour
Canola oil for frying
2 Red Peppers roasted, cleaned and sliced in 1 inch strips
10 slices provolone cheese

Directions:
Add smashed garlic to the oil and set aside.
Peel eggplant and slice lengthwise about 1/8" thick
(Optional)  Sprinkle eggplant slices with salt and layer in a colander.  Place a plate on top of the eggplant.  Put something heavy on the top to press the plate into the eggplant.  Leave this for about an hour.  Then press as much water out as you can.  You can blot the eggplant slices with paper towels.  This step removes the bitterness of the eggplant.
In one bowl mix bread crumbs and parmesan cheese.  Combine the egg and milk in another bowl. Dredge eggplant slices in flour.  Dip in egg wash and bread crumb mix. Saute in canola oil until golden brown.  Drain on paper towels.
Remove pits from the olives and roughly chop.
Cut the Hoagie bun lengthwise through one side only and open onto a baking sheet or pizza stone.
Brush the olive oil on both sides of the bun discarding the garlic.
On one side spread the chopped olives.
Place eggplant slices on top of the chopped olives overlapping pieces. Place red peppers on the other side.
Place provolone slices in the center.
Bake in a 350 degree oven for about 15 minutes until the cheese is melted.

Submitter: 
GinaLovesFood
Description: 
I like this sandwich for camping or picnics.

You can use store bought roasted red peppers if you don't want to take the time to roast your own.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
