URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63630960/home-made-mascarpone-cheese/
Title:
Home made Mascarpone cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Equipment/supplies:
Double boiler, Stainless steel
Butter muslin, tea towel or fine cheese cloth (4 layers) or any sterilized clean quality material.
I use flour sacks from Walmart.
1 Qt. Bowl (any kind)
Thermometer (not meat) candy or dairy
Strainer or colander.
For cheese:
1 Qt. light cream-not ultra pasteurized approx. 25% fat
I use 16oz of heavy cream and 16 oz. of half and half because the light is hard to find but it balances the fat content nicely and produces a good curd.
1/4 teaspoon tartaric acid (not cream of tarter they are two different things) or 2 Tablespoons Lemon juice.
I have consistent results using the bottled stuff, fresh lemons vary in acid content so results can vary. Using lemon juice does not impart a lemon taste at all. You can also get tartaric acid on line.
This recipe should get you about 1-1/2-2 cups of cheese. Plenty for that Tirimisu or any other use.

Directions:
Add cream to double boiler making sure water does not touch the bottom and slowly heat cream over medium temp. to 185-190 degrees, will take about 20-30 mins. If using tartaric acid dissolve in 2 tablespoons of bottled water (un-chlorinated) when cream reaches temp. add acid mix or lemon juice and gently stir in to thoroughly mix. You should see it thicken a bit. Place lid on pot and maintain temp. for 5 mins. and gently stir twice during heating, you should notice some thickening at this point. Remove from heat and let cool for 10 minutes covered. Place in refrigerator for approx 12 hours or overnight. You should have a white creamy looking mass floating and the whey seperating. Line your strainer with your choice of materials place in sink and slowly pour the curd mass into it and let it drain for a few minutes. Bring the corners together and secure with a rubber band and hang over bowl to drain. I tie around a wooden spoon but whatever method you choose will work as long as its above the bowl. Let drain for approx 12 hours or overnight, time is not critical so don't worry about the missing 12 hours. I do mine in the evening, drain the next day in late afternoon and leave till next day.

Submitter: 
Grumpygrandpa
Description: 
I make this because store bought cost about 18$ for the amount in this recipe and is so hard to find. Originally used for Titimisu but have used in other dishes as well. Substitute for cream cheese. Great for any recipe or on its own as a topping for fruit or on a bagel. Add some confectioners sugar and use as a frosting for cakes. This recipe is not original but every recipe for it was the same from Italy to the USA so I translated and am posting it here. Only credits needed are to the person who invented it.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
24 h
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
