URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63632268/tres-leche-cake/
Title:
Tres Leche Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1009943.jpg
Ingredients:
Cake
1 1/2 cups All-Purpose Flour
2 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoons salt
6 eggs, separated
1/2 teaspoon cream of tartar OR 1 teaspoon lemon juice
1 1/2 cups sugar
1/3 cup cold water
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 teaspoon almond extract
Topping
1 cup heavy cream
1 can (14 oz, 1 1/4 cups) dulche de leche or sweetened condensed milk
1 small can (5 oz) evaporated milk
1 tablespoon brandy or light rum OR 2 teaspoons vanilla extract
Whipped Cream
1 cup heavy cream
1 tablespoon sugar
2 teaspoons vanilla extract

Directions:
Cake
In a medium-sized bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt. Separate the eggs, and in a separate bowl, beat the egg whites with the cream of tartar or lemon juice until soft peaks form.
In another bowl, beat the egg yolks until they're pale yellow and fluffy. Add the sugar and continue to beat until the mixture falls from the beaters in ribbons.
Add the cold water, vanilla, and almond extracts. Mix in the dry ingredients, then gently fold in the beaten egg whites.
Spoon the batter into a greased and floured 9x13-inch pan. Level it with a spatula. Bake the cake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 28-30 minutes, until a cake tester inserted into the center comes out clean. Remove the cake from the oven, and let it cool in the pan for 15 minutes.
Using a fork, poke holes all over the cake. Mix together the cream, sweetened condensed milk or dulce de leche, and evaporated milk, and pour the mixture over the cake slowly so the cake will absorb it. Refrigerate the cake for several hours or overnight to allow the flavors to meld and the texture to set.
Note: If you are using dulche de leche, whisk it together with the cream a bit at a time, to be sure you end up with a smooth mixture.
Just before serving, make the whipped cream. Whip the cream with the sugar and flavoring.  Spread the whipped cream over the cake and decorate it with sliced fruit.
Refrigerate any leftovers.

Submitter: 
Dale Tadlock
Description: 
Three milk Cake, a Mexican favorite, is an extremely moist, dense cake, served most often with fresh fruit!

Perfect for a Cinco De Mayo celebration!

-this recipe appeared in the King Arthur Flour April 2004 catalogue.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
