URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63648726/west-coast-trail-cookies/
Title:
West Coast Trail Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup Unbleached flour
1/2 Whole wheat flour
1/4 tsp of Salt
1/2 tsp. Baking soda
1 tsp. Cinnamon
1 cup unsalted butter, softened
1 cup Dark Brown sugar (not packed)
1/2 cup White sugar
2 large Eggs
2 teaspoons Vanilla extract
2 cups Old fashioned oats
1/3 cup Flaxseed meal
3/4 cup unsweetened medium fine Coconut
1 cup semi sweet Chocolate chips
1 cup dried Cranberries
1/2 cup roughly chopped Pumpkin seeds (hulled, raw)

Directions:
Pre-heat oven to 325 degrees F.
Line cookie sheets with parchment paper.
Whisk flours, baking soda, salt and cinnamon together.
In a separate large bowl, cream the butter and sugars together until well blended. Add eggs, stirring until combined, then add vanilla extract.
With a wooden spoon or fork, incorporate flour mixture into the wet ingredients.
Then stir in Oats, Coconut, Flaxseed meal, Chocolate chips, Cranberries and Pumpkin seeds until it's well combined.
Gently shape dough into 1.5" balls or drop by heaping table-spoons onto cookie sheet, approx. 1-2 inches apart. Press down cookie balls lightly with the palm of your hand.
Bake for 12 minutes, or until lightly golden just around the edges, it should be slightly under baked in the center. Cool on cookie sheet for 10 minutes, cookies will continue to bake on the cookie sheet during this time. Transfer to wire rack and cool completely before storing.

Submitter: 
WestCoastMom
Description: 
This cookie gets it's name from the West Coast Trail on Vancouver Island. My adaption of the perfect trail cookie. The ground flaxseeds and pumpkin seeds gives them a nutty taste, without the nuts! Perfect for school lunchboxes. I often use sunflower seeds instead of pumpkin seeds for a change up.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
NA
