URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63642372/penne-with-chicken-and-asparagus-my-way/
Title:
Penne with Chicken and Asparagus (my way) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (16 ounce) package dried penne pasta - will use a litte more than half
5 tablespoons olive oil, divided (enough olive oil to coat pan and cook chicken in)
3 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - cut into cubes
3 cloves garlic
1 small onion, chopped
1/2 cup low-sodium chicken broth
1 bunch slender asparagus spears, trimmed, cut on diagonal into 1-inch pieces
1/2 cup Parmesan cheese
about 1/4 or 1/2 cup sundried tomatoes
italian dressing
crushed red pepper
italian seasoning
spinach leaves (2 cups, or more)
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Chop onion, wash and cut asparagus, grate Parmesan cheese.
Rinse, dry, and cube chicken. Cover or toss with salt and pepper, a little Italian seasoning, and a little Italian dressing.
Heat olive oil over medium high, then cook 2 crushed cloves garlic and chopped onion for a couple minutes.
Add chicken and cook, stirring occasionally until cooked through and slightly browned. Meanwhile, cook pasta.
Remove chicken.
Add chicken broth, maybe 1/3 - 1/2 cup, to skillet and add asparagus, one clove garlic, sundried tomatoes, and crushed red pepper(several shakes). Add a splash of milk (optional).
Cover, and steam until the asparagus is just tender, about 5 to 10 minutes. Add spinach leaves in the last couple of minutes.
Return chicken to the skillet, and warm through. Add enough pasta for the desired ratio and more chicken broth if necessary.
Warm together for a few minutes and add Parmesan cheese during that time. When there isn't too much liquid/sauce it's ready.

Submitter: 
Courtneymarie
Description: 
A light but super-tasty pasta dish, with fresh asparagus cooked in broth with sauteed garlic and seasoned chicken.Modified from: Penne with Chicken and Asparagus
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
