URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63647298/butterflied-pork-tenderloins-with-mango-lime-salsa/
Title:
Butterflied Pork Tenderloins with Mango-Lime Salsa Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons pure chile powder, preferably chipotle
1 tablespoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon onion powder
1 teaspoon dried sage
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
2 D'Artagnan Berkshire Pork Tenderloins, trimmed of fat and silver skin
Olive oil or vegetable oil
1 recipe Mango-Lime Salsa, see separate recipe on dartagnan.com
wood chips or chunks, soaked 30 minutes and drained

Directions:
For the spice rub, mix together the chile powder, garlic powder, onion powder, dried sage, and salt in a small bowl.
Cut each tenderloin in half crosswise. Butterfly the 4 pieces by cutting them halfway through lengthwise. Open each piece like a book and pound with the flat side of the knife or a cleaver to flatten it. Coat the pork with oil on both sides and sprinkle generously with spice rub. Place in a baking dish, cover, and let sit, turning occasionally, for 2 hours at room temperature or overnight in the refrigerator. If refrigerated, remove from the refrigerator 30 minutes before grilling.
Up to 2 hours before serving, make the salsa. In a small bowl combine mango, tomato, sweet onion, jalapeño, honey, mint, lime juice and 2 teaspoons salt. Mix well. Cover and set aside.
Prepare a charcoal or gas grill for direct grilling over medium-high heat, leaving a portion of the grill with no heat underneath. Oil the grill rack.
Sprinkle the wood chips on the coals, or add in a perforated foil packet to a gas grill. Grill the tenderloins directly over medium-high heat, turning once, until well browned, 4-5 minutes on each side. Check for doneness by cutting into the center or testing with an instant-read thermometer. The pork should be just faintly pink at the center and the internal temperature should register 155 degrees F. If the tenderloins are well browned but still undercooked, moved them to a cooler part of the grill, cover the grill and continue to cook as needed.
Transfer the pork to a platter, loosely cover with aluminum foil, and let rest for 5-10 minutes. To serve, cut against the grain into diagonal slices and accompany with the salsa.

Submitter: 
Kayayz
Description: 
Williams Sonoma
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
