URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63643135/black-eyed-peas-and-cornmeal-dumplings/
Title:
Black-Eyed Peas and Cornmeal Dumplings Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1012701.jpg
Ingredients:
2 slices hickory-smoked bacon
1 cup chopped onion
1 TBS minced garlic
3 cups unsalted chicken stock (such as Swanson)
1 1/2 cups water
1/2 tsp kosher salt
1/2 tsp freshly ground black pepper
1 (16 ox) bag of frozen black-eyed peas (about 2 3/4 cups)
3.4 oz all purpose flour (about 3/4 cup)
1/3 cup finely chopped green onions
1/4 cup yellow cornmeal
1/4 tsp baking soda
2 TBS chilled butter, cut into pieces
1/2 cup buttermilk
Hot Sauce optional

Directions:
Cook bacon in a Dutch oven over medium heat until crisp.  Remove bacon from pan; finely chop.  Remove 1 tablespoon drippings from pan; set aside.  Increase heat to medium-high.  Add 1 cup onion to remaining drippings in pan; saute 3 minutes, stirring occasionally.  Add garlic;  saute 1 minutes, stirring constantly.  Add stock, 1 1/2 cups water, salt, pepper, and peas to pan; bring to a boil.  Partially cover, reduce heat, and simmer 35 minutes or until peas are tender, stirring occasionally.
Weigh or lightly spoon flour into a dry measuring cup; level with a knife.  Combine flour, green onions, cornmeal, and baking soda, stirring with a whisk.  Cut butter into flour mixture with a pastry blender or 2 knives until mixture resembles coarse meal.  Add bacon, reserved 1 TBS dripping, and buttermilk; stir until a moist dough forms.
With moist hands, gently divide mixture into 12 equal portions.  Drop dumplings, 1 at a time, into pan, cover and cook 8 minutes or until dumplings are done, stirring occasionally.  Serve with hot sauce, if desired.

Submitter: 
Sylvia Marchesi Walton
Description: 
A pot of black-eyed peas on New Year's Day is a Southern tradition said to bring good luck for the year ahead.  Make the tradition even better with bacon-y-buttermilk dumplings and a dash of your favorite hot sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
about an h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
