URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63648252/starrs-baked-spaghetti/
Title:
Starr's Baked Spaghetti Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3/4 lb Thin Spaghetti
1lb Hamburger meat or Italian Sausage
1 cup sliced mushrooms
1 small onion
1 teaspoon minced garlic
24 oz of Ragu
1 cup water
1 tbsp Italian Seasoning
1/4 cup fresh parsley
1Tbsp Olive Oil for pasta
1 Cup Parmesean Cheese
2 Eggs beaten
2 cups Cottage Cheese
2-3 cup shredded Mozzarella

Directions:
Put a large pot of water on stove, add pinch of salt to the water.
Cook hamburger meat until cooked through and no longer pink, added chopped onions and sliced mushrooms cook until onions become translucent, add minced garlic and cook a minute more.
Add the marinara sauce and 1 cup of water, add Italian seasoning and chopped parsley, bring to a simmer and reduce heat to lowest setting, Cook for 10 minutes while preparing pasta
Add pasta to boiling water and cook uncovered about 5/6 minutes till al dente.
( Pasta will continue to cook in the oven so pasta should be al dente and not completely cooked)
When finished drain pasta and rinse in cold water.
In same pan place cooked pasta, pour olive oil on the pasta, add parmeasan, then the 2 beaten eggs, Mix together with wooden spoon.
Preheat oven to 350F
To assemble
Spray inside of 13*9 casserole dish with oil
Spread 1 cup marinara sauce on bottom of dish
Then pasta in an even layer over that,
dot with the cottage cheese
then sprinkle the Mozzarella on top
Repeat layers until you end with cheese on top again
Cover with foil and bake for 40 minutes, remove foil and bake for 20 more minutes, remove from oven and let it rest for at least 10 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Starr
Description: 
Think Lasagna without the lasagna noodles, This is a crazy good dish that my kids and hubby devour! It makes a lot so it's also a good pot luck dish. I have non stop requests for this recipe when I have people over. It may seem like a lot but it's really quite easy to throw together. Hope you enjoy.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
