URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63647995/summer-sizzle-salad-with-grilled-sweet-apple-chicken-sausage-by-robin-c/
Title:
Summer Sizzle Salad with Grilled Sweet Apple Chicken Sausage By Robin C Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
12 oz al fresco Sweet Apple Chicken Sausage, Fully Cooked
4 Tablespoon Oil, olive, extra virgin divided
1 Tablespoon Shallots, chpd, fresh
1 Each Granny Smith Apples finely diced
1/4 Teaspoon Salt, table
1/4 Teaspoon Spice, pepper, black, ground freshly ground
1 Teaspoon Mustard, dijon
1 Teaspoon Honey, amber
1/2 Teaspoon Herb, thyme, fresh
3 Tablespoon Vinegar, apple cider, filtered
8 Piece Lettuce, romaine, fresh, leaf
1/2 Cup Nuts, pecans, halves
1 Each Corn, white, sweet, cob, fzn drizzle with olive oil, and a pinch of salt and pepper
1 Each Peppers, bell, red, sweet, fresh, lrg, 3 3/4" x 3"
1 Each Onion, red, fresh, med, whole, 2 1/2" slice into thick slices, drizzle with olive oil, and a pinch of salt and pepper
1 Each Apples, peeled, fresh, lrg 3 1/4" use a Gala or crispy Fuji apple, thinly sliced
2 Ounce-weight Cheese, gorgonzola, crumbled

Directions:
To Make the Dressing:
Saute onions, salt & pepper in 1 tablespoon olive oil for 5 minutes. Transfer to medium bowl.
Add mustard, honey, fresh thyme, apple cider vinegar and remaining olive oil. Whisk until well combined; set aside.
To Assemble the Salad:
Tear assorted lettuce leaves into bite-size pieces and arrange in serving dish; keep refrigerated. Toast pecans in a non-stick skillet; remove from heat and set aside.
On preheated outdoor grill place corn, red bell pepper, onion slices and sausages. Grill all until light grill marks appear. *Note, some may finish more quickly than others.
Dice grilled onions; slice red bell pepper into long strips; remove corn from cob; slice apple chicken sausage along the diagonal. Add all to the tossed greens, tossing in sliced apple, pecans and dressing.
Garnish with Gorgonzola cheese and serve!

Submitter: 
al fresco All Natural
Description: 
Summer Sizzle Salad with Grilled Sweet Apple Chicken Sausage By Robin C
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
30 min
Number of servings: 
0
Nutritional Facts:
NA
