URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63647295/argentine-style-stuffed-flank-steak/
Title:
Argentine-Style Stuffed Flank Steak Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (1 1/2 lb) flank steaks, trimmed of excess fat and silver skin
1 tablespoonred wine vinegar
1 tablespoonpaprika
2 tablespoonstomato paste
2 garlic cloves, minced
4 tablespoonsolive oil
1/4 lbprosciutto, thinly sliced
1 bunchspinach, carefully washed and stemmed
1 carrot, peeled and grated
1/2 yellow onion, sliced
1 red bell pepper, roasted (peeled and sliced)
1 cupfresh basil leaf
1/2 cup dried breadcrumbs
1/2 cup grated pecorino romano cheese
2 teaspoonsdried thyme
salt and pepper, to taste
1/2 cupwhite wine
1/2 cupmarsala
1 cup beef stock
1 tablespoonWorcestershire sauce

Directions:
1. Butterfly the meat by slicing horizontally, stopping about 3/4 inch from the other side. Open up the meat and pound with a meat mallet to an even thickness of 1/2 inch.
2
Preheat the oven to 350°F
3
Mix together the vinegar, paprika, 1 Tb of the tomato paste, garlic, and 1 Tb of the olive oil. Stir to form a thick paste. Smear the paste on the open side of the steak, reserving 1 Tb.
4
Layer the prosciutto, spinach, carrot, onion, bell pepper, and basil on top.
5
In a small bowl, combine the breadcrumbs, cheese, 1 tsp of the thyme, and salt and pepper to taste; sprinkle the mixture on top.
6
Roll the meat from the long end into a tight cylinder and tie with kitchen string. Turn it seam side down and rub with 1 Tb of the olive oil.
7
Sprinkle with salt and pepper and the remaining 1 tsp thyme.
8
In a large, heavy frying pan over medium-high heat, heat the remaining 2 Tb olive oil. Add the meat and brown on all sides, about 5 minutes.
9
Transfer to a flameproof roasting pan, seam side down, and roast for about 45 minutes.
10
Lift the meat and pour the white wine into the pan underneath to keep the meat from sticking. Roast until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers 130F, 30 minutes to one hour.
11
Transfer to a board and tent loosely with aluminum foil.
12
Add the marsala to the roasting pan and place over high heat. Scrape up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Whisk in the stock, worcestershire sauce, and the remaining 1 Tb tomato paste, and cook, stirring often, until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Strain the sauce through a fine-mesh sieve.
13
To serve, remove the string from the meat and slice it thickly into rounds. Tran

Submitter: 
Kayayz
Description: 
William Sonoma
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
