URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63645124/magpies-colorful-rice-pilaf-paella/
Title:
Magpie's Colorful Rice Pilaf-Paella Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1-1/2 TB  butter
1-1/2 TB olive oil
1 medium onion, chopped
1/2 large red sweet (capiscum) pepper
2 c white rice
1 tsp turmeric
1 tsp smoked paprika
1 TB finely chopped fresh cilantro (or ~1 tsp dried)
2 c chicken broth or bouillon
2 c vegetable broth or bouillon
Salt to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400F.  In 12" cast iron skillet (or similar earthenware stovetop-to-oven casserole) heat butter and olive oil.  When oil is hot and butter is thoroughly melted, toss in vegetables (onion and pepper) and cook until onions are transparent.
Lower heat to medium (or less) and add rice, stirring to coat with vegetable mixture.  This step should be taken slowly; the goal is to "precook" the rice as you would if you were making pilaf.  That means that when rice is finished "precooking," each grain should be mostly transparent with a little white dot in the middle.  Generally, this process takes around 15 - 20 minutes maximum.
Now add turmeric, paprika, cilantro, and at least 2 cups liquid.  If it so happens that you can't fit all 4 cups of liquid in the pan at once, not to worry; the rice mixture should be cooked down until most of the liquid has been absorbed, and if that happens in two stages that's fine.  Taste a bit at this point and add salt to taste if necessary.
Put pan and all into the oven and leave to bake, uncovered, for 15 minutes or until all liquid is absorbed.  Remove from the oven and cover firmly with aluminum foil or a suitable, well-fitting lid.  Allow to set up for 10 minutes.  What you should end up with is a rice dish that is firm all the way through, with a lovely crust both top and bottom.

Submitter: 
The Magpie
Description: 
This dish is prepared as sort of a cross between a paella and a pilaf.  I created it to provide a counterpoint to spicy or hot dishes while being colorful and reasonably healthy.  I served this with Iola's Filipino Beef Steak (found on this site!) and it was a wonderful accompaniment.  I hope you enjoy it!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
