URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63648229/naughty-nice-vegan-enchilada-casserole/
Title:
Naughty & Nice Vegan Enchilada Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
•8-ounces dry fusilli pasta (3.5 cups dry noodles or half a 16-oz package)*
•1 tsp olive oil
•1 red onion, chopped
•1 medium jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped*
•3 bell peppers (I used 1 red, 1 orange, and 1 yellow), chopped
•1-3 tbsp taco seasoning mix (I used my homemade taco seasoning), to taste
•1 can black beans (or 2 cups cooked), drained and rinsed
•1.5-2 cups homemade enchilada sauce (see above, or use store-bought)
•1/3-1/2 cup Daiya cheese (or other non-dairy cheese)
•1 cup chopped green onions
•salt & pepper, to taste
•20 tortilla chips (about 2 handfuls), crushed
•Avocado, salsa, sour cream, etc, to garnish

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 350F and grab a 2-quart casserole dish. Add dry pasta to a pot of boiling water and cook for 7-8 minutes. Be careful not to overcook the pasta or it will get mushy in the casserole. Drain and rinse with cold water to stop the cooking process.
2. In a large skillet, sauté the chopped onion, jalapeno, and peppers in the olive oil over medium heat for about 7-8 mins.
3. Add the taco seasoning, drained and rinsed black beans, and 1 cup of the enchilada sauce. Stir well and cook for another 5 mins.
4. Stir in the cheese, pasta, and chopped green onion. Season with salt and pepper to taste and adjust seasonings if necessary.
5. Spread 1/2 cup of enchilada sauce over the bottom of the casserole dish. Scoop on the skillet mixture and spread out evenly. Spoon on the rest of the sauce on top and sprinkle with cheese.
6. Bake for 15-20 mins at 350F until heated through. Sprinkle with crushed nacho chips, chopped avocado, salsa, and sour cream if desired just before serving. Serve with a big green salad and nacho chips.
Note 1: Be sure not to handle the jalapeno seeds as they can make your fingers (and anything you touch) sting badly. You can also wear plastic gloves too.
Note: Want a burrito filling and not a casserole? Try subbing the pasta for brown rice.

Submitter: 
AFulton
Description: 
Read more:
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
