URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63655351/cinnaberry-smoothie/
Title:
Cinnaberry Smoothie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Rating:  (1 votes, average: 5.00 out of 5)
Login to rate this recipe - Not a member? Join Today
Prep Time: 5 minutes
Cook Time: 5 minutes
Total Time: 10 minutes
Yield: 1
Serving Size: 16 -18 oz. (500 mls)
It’s hard to believe the two year anniversary of Fat, Sick & Nearly Dead’s NYC premier is so soon!  Being part of Joe Cross’ amazing film has been one of the best experiences of my life.  With friends & family in tow, we watched as this inspirational documentary hit the big screen.  One of my favorite parts of the special evening was getting to hear The Kin play “Take in the Sunlight” live (you might see me & my husband Russell Kennedy in the audience! He’s wearing a striped sweater on the right hand side).
You can “take in the sunlight” with this bright and refreshing smoothie.  I’ll raise my smoothie glass to many more great years together with Team Reboot!
Ingredients:
1 cup unsweetened almond milk
1/2 cup strawberries
1/2 mango
1/2 cup frozen blueberries
1/4 cup frozen raspberries
1/2 cup cantaloupe
1 banana
1 large carrot
Dash of cinnamon

Directions:
1. ) Peel banana.
2.) Wash fresh berries and carrot.
3.) Cut carrot into thin slices.
4.) Cut cantaloupe and mango flesh.
5.) Add all ingredients to blender. (You can add the cinnamon in either before you blend or to the top of your smoothie once it is blended.)
6.) Blend until smooth, about 45 – 60 seconds and enjoy!

Submitter: 
SC949
Description: 
It’s hard to believe the two year anniversary of Fat, Sick & Nearly Dead’s NYC premier is so soon!  Being part of Joe Cross’ amazing film has been one of the best experiences of my life.  With friends & family in tow, we watched as this inspirational documentary hit the big screen.  One of my favorite parts of the special evening was getting to hear The Kin play “Take in the Sunlight” live (you might see me & my husband Russell Kennedy in the audience! He’s wearing a striped sweater on the right hand side).
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5
Ready in:
5
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
