URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63653003/brasato-stile-italiano-pot-roast-italian-style/
Title:
Brasato Stile Italiano (Pot Roast Italian Style) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1015264.jpg
Ingredients:
3 Lb. Bottom Round Roast (room temp.)
2 Tbs olive oil
Kosher salt, Course Black Pepper, Granulated Garlic
2 Medium Onions 1/2 of one diced, cut remaining into 1" pieces.
2 cups potatoes Yukon or reds cut into 1" cubes
2 cups carrots cut into 1" pieces (3 large) lower portion split in half if very thick
1 cup celery (3 stalks) cut into 1" pieces
3 large cloves garlic minced
1 Tbs dried basil
2 Tbs dried oregano
Large can (28 oz.) Plum tomatoes with juices hand crushed (remove pulp)
1 5-1/2 oz. can V8 vegetable juice
2/3 cup red wine such as cabernet
1/4 cup dry cooking sherry (if using regular sherry add 1 tsp. salt later or to taste)
Vegetable measurements may vary on sizes used don't waste 1/2 of something just throw it all in a little more or less don't matter

Directions:
Generously season roast with salt, pepper, garlic and rub in. Let sit while preparing vegetables and rest of ingredients. When ready coat a large heavy pot or Dutch Oven (preferred)with olive oil and heat at high till just starting to smoke. Add meat and give a good sear to all sides 5 minutes or less per side (looking for a nice crust but not burnt). Remove when done, lower heat to med and add diced onions, garlic and celery to remaining juices in pan. Stir to release any bits on bottom 1-2 mins. stir in basil and oregano till fragrant 1 min. or so, add sherry and deglaze, simmer while stirring frequently until most of liquid is reduced, about 5 mins. Add tomatoes with the juices and let temp. recover till just starting to bubble. Stir in wine and V8 place roast back in pot along with any juices, reduce heat to low, cover and simmer for about 45 mins. Add potatoes, carrots and onions and let simmer an additional 2-1/2 hours or so or until vegetables are fork tender. Remove meat and let rest 10 mins. remove vegetables to a bowl, slice meat and serve topped with vegetables and sauce.

Submitter: 
Grumpygrandpa
Description: 
This dish takes the ordinary pot roast and transforms it into a delightful and delicious escape from the traditional meat and potatoes. Its a family favorite.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
