URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63655164/crab-lobster-quinoa-salad/
Title:
Crab & Lobster Quinoa Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1015766.jpg
Ingredients:
1 can blue crab meat
2 lobster tails (1/4-1/3 lb)
1 cup quinoa
2 cups chicken or seafood stock
1/4 cup + 2-3 tsp.  Old Bay Seasoning
4-10 cups water
ice
1/2 cup shelled edamame (frozen)
1 corn cob
3 vine ripened (or similar) tomatoes
1 shallot
3 scallions
1/4 cup pine nuts
3 cups (approx) spinach leaves - prewashed
2 tbsp extra virgin olive oil. Arbequina or Similar
1/4 cup fat-free vidalia onion dressing, remoulade or similar.

Directions:
Put the tomatoes on a toaster oven tray lined with foil. Set the oven to 325 (Convection) or 350 and roast the tomatoes for 30 min. Put aside and let cool.
Put two cups of broth into a covered pot and bring to a boil.
Put the quinoa in a fine mesh strainer and run water through it until the water runs clear. Put in the pot and boil for 20-25 min. or until the broth is absorbed and they look sprouted and semi-transparent.
Drain and rinse the crab in the fine mesh strainer. Put into a large metal work bowl.
Heat 4 cups water in 2 quart pot. Stir in the 1/4 cup of Old bay. Set to boil.
Set out a bowl with ice and the rest of the water to chill the lobster when done.
Shuck the corn and put it into a microwave safe bowl along with the edamame. Heat on a fresh vegetable setting, or just use high for 2 min.  Set aside.
Warm the pine nuts in a shallow pan on low heat for 3-5 minutes or until fragrant, stirring. (Don't burn!). Remove from the pan and set aside in a small bowl.
Put the lobster into the boil. When the water boils a second time, set to simmer and cover for 10-12 min. depending upon the size of the tails. Do not boil as it toughens the meat.  Remove and put the tails into the cold water.
Remove the quinoa from the boil and drain in the fine mesh strainer. Rinse with cold water. Let stand until not dripping. Add to the work bowl.
Add the corn and edamame.Chop a shallot and the scallions finely. Add to work bowl.
Chop the tomato, then the lobster, and add both to work bowl.
Add the olive oil, and the remaining Old Bay. Combine ingredients well.
Plate on shallow bowls. Put the spinach beds in each.
Mold the quinoa mixture in a medium ramekin. Set on spinach and lift ramekin gently. Best served chilled 10 min. Drizzle dressing on greens, add the pine nuts

Submitter: 
The Jazz Chef
Description: 
This is a wonderful lunch/luncheon recipe that is light and reasonably healthy that is high protein and lower fat.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30-40 min.
Ready in:
50 min.
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
