URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63660666/pork-chops-diablo/
Title:
Pork Chops Diablo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1039433.jpg
Ingredients:
1	large onion
1/3	cup flour
2	tablespoons chili powder
1	pinch of cayenne pepper
1/8     teaspoon chipotle chile powder
2       teaspoons onion powder
2       teaspoons garlic powder
4	small center cut pork chops, well trimmed (1/2 inch thick, about ¾ pound total)
2	teaspoons vegetable or Olive oil
1	tablespoon butter
1	8 ounce can tomato sauce
1/3	cup Low Sodium beef broth
2	teaspoons Worcestershire sauce
4-5	drops your favorite hot sauce, to taste
1	teaspoon dry mustard

Directions:
1.	Cut the onion into thin wedges.
2.	In a plastic or paper bag, combine the flour, and seasonings; shake to mix.  Add the pork chops and shake to coat lightly.  Remove the chops and reserve 1 1/2 tablespoons of the seasoned flour.
3. 	In a large skillet, warm the oil over medium high heat until hot but not smoking.  Add the pork chops  and cook until browned all over, about 3 minutes per side.  Remove the chops to a plate and cover loosely to keep warm.
4.	 Add the butter and the onion to the skillet and sauté until the onion begins to brown, about 3 minutes.
5.	Stir in the reserved 1 tablespoon dredging mixture and cook, stirring, until the flour is no longer visible, about 30 seconds.  Add the tomato sauce, beef broth, Worcestershire sauce, hot pepper sauce and mustard.
6.	Pour any juices that have accumulated under the chops into the skillet and bring the mixture to a boil over medium high heat, stirring constantly.  Add the chops, reduce the heat to low, cover and simmer until the chops are cooked through, about 12 minutes; turn the chops over after 6 minutes.
7.	Serve the chops topped with sauce and onions.

Submitter: 
Semigourmet
Description: 
Spicy deliciousness,
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
