URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63664915/lemon-raspberry-bars/
Title:
Lemon Raspberry Bars Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1018154.jpg
Ingredients:
Crust:
1/4 c brown sugar
1/2 tsp salt
2 cups flour
1 cup cold unsalted butter, cut into 1 inch chunks
Filling:
3/4 cup seedless raspberry or strawberry preserves
1 pack (6 ounce) fresh raspberries, cut in half lengthwise
8 ounce package cream cheese, room temperature
1/2 cup sugar
1 Tbls flour
1 egg
1 egg yolk
2 Tbls lemon zest
2 Tbls fresh lemon juice
1/2 tsp vanilla

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.  Line a 9 x 13 baking pan with aluminum foil, allowing some to extend over the edges, and then spray foil with PAM. (This step is necessary to keep the filling from sticking to the sides)  You’ll lift the bars from the pan with the foil to cut them.
In a food processor with metal attachment, process the brown sugar, flour and salt until blended.  Add cold butter chunks and process until mixture resembles coarse corn meal.   Pour crust mixture into prepared pan, shake it a bit to help even out the mixture, and then press down gently with fingertips.  Then take a smaller pan (8 x 8) and press down the entire surface, so the crust is smooth and tight.  Bake for 20 minutes at 350 degrees or until just golden brown.  Let cool for 5 minutes.
Meanwhile, heat jam about 30-60 seconds in microwave, just until warm and then stir until smooth.
With a stand mixer, beat cream cheese about 60 seconds, and then add sugar and flour and beat until well blended.  With mixture running, add eggs, lemon zest, lemon juice and vanilla.  Mix well until smooth.
After crust has cooled about 5 minutes, spread jam evenly over crust.  Place raspberries, cut side down, evenly over jam.  Pour cream cheese mixture over berries and gently smooth mixture until it covers the entire pan.
Bake for 25-30 minutes, or just until set.  Cool for an hour at room temperature, then place in the refrigerator to cool for another 2 hours.  When cool, gently lift baked mixture from baking pan, with edges of aluminum foil.  Place on cutting board, peel back edges of foil and cut into desired size.

Submitter: 
Magique
Description: 
This bar is similar to a lemon cheesecake with fresh raspberries, only in miniature form.  These will keep well for several days if kept in the refrigerator.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
4.5 h
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
