URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63668704/spicy-vegetarian-stuffed-peppers/
Title:
Spicy vegetarian stuffed peppers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1031195.jpg
Ingredients:
1 medium onion, chopped
1 poblano pepper, chopped
1 jalepeno, chopped
2 cloves garlic, chopped
1 tlbs olive oil
2 bags of instant boil-in-bag rice
1/2 c. fresh or canned corn
1 can diced tomatoes with green chilis
3 c. vegetable broth
2 tlbs. panko breadcrumbs
4 large green bell peppers
1 c. shredded montergey jack cheese, divided
2 tlbs cilantro, chopped
Sour cream and salsa (optional)

Directions:
Heat a large skillet with the olive oil. Add onion, poblano, jalepeno and garlic. Saute for 5-6 minutes until veggies are softened. Add the contents of the bags of rice. Saute 3-4 minutes. Add the corn, tomatoes, and broth. Bring to a boil, and simmer 7-10 minutes until the water is absorbed.
While that boils, cut the top off each bell pepper, and remove insides. Place top back on pepper, and wrap each pepper loosely in tin foil. Bake in 375 degree oven for 15-20 minutes, until pepper is softened (but not falling apart). Remove from oven, turn heat down to 350, and let peppers cool for at least 20 minutes.
Season rice mixture with salt and pepper to taste. Add 1/2 cup of cheese, and cilantro, and remove from heat. Cool slightly.
Stand peppers upright in a 8x8 baking pan or small cookie sheet. (use foil from earlier as a "nest" to keep them from falling over, if necessary) Fill each pepper with the rice mixture, and top each one with the remaining cheese. Place top back on pepper(it won't fit, the filling will be overflowing - just place on top), and bake in 350 oven for 25-30 minutes.
Serve with sour cream and/or salsa.
Enjoy!

Submitter: 
linda
Description: 
I'm not vegetarian, but I used all the ingredients I had on hand to make this simple, delicious, meat-less main dish! Spicy and healthy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
