URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63672050/pretty-doggone-good-breakfast-casserole/
Title:
Pretty Doggone Good Breakfast Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1019929.jpg
Ingredients:
2 packages of Simply Potatoes Southwestern Style hash browns
8 oz sliced cremini mushrooms
1 Large Onion, diced
1 Green Pepper, diced
1 Jalapeno Pepper, small dice
1/2 lb Hot Italian Sausage
1/2 lb Pork Chorizo
3/4 cup milk
1/4 cup sour cream
5 eggs
2 cups Pepper Jack Cheese, shredded
2 cups Cheddar and Montery Jack cheese, shredded
1 tsp salt
1 tsp black pepper
1/2 cup butter, melted

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425.
Place potatoes in a large bowl and drizzle with melted butter, tossing while mixing to get it mixed in well. Spread potatoes in a 13x9 casserole (tall sides are best if you have one) and spread them up the sides a bit.  Put potatoes in oven for 25 minutes to get them to start browning.
While the potatoes cook the sausage until browned and remove from skillet and then lightly brown the mushrooms in the sausage drippings (you might need to add a bit more butter here).  Remove mushrooms and then cook the onions, green peppers and jalapeno peppers until the onions are clear (again add more butter or some canola oil if you need a little).  Allow to cool a bit and then toss the meat, veggies and cheeses together.
Mix the eggs, milk and sour cream.
When the potatoes are done turn the oven down to 350.
Spread the meat and cheese mixture over the potatoes. Top with the egg mixture and return to the oven for 20-25 minutes or until the eggs are set and the cheese begins to brown.
Allow to cool 10-15 minutes before slicing.

Submitter: 
TIVOMANIAC
Description: 
I was looking to make improvements on a breakfast casserole the family has been using for years so I looked at lots of other recipes on line and this was the end result.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
