URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63674949/sausage-leek-and-potato-soup/
Title:
Sausage, Leek and Potato Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 strips of smoked bacon (raw) cut up into small 1/4 inch pieces.
2 Tablespoons Extra Virgin Olive Oil
1 lb bulk Fresh uncooked Italian Sausage or 3 links removed from the casing
2 cloves minced fresh garlic
1/8 tsp red pepper flakes
3 large Leeks
1/2 bunch of washed & cut up 1/2inch Kale leaves only (discard the ribs)or use 1/2 a bag of precut Kale for approx 2-3 cups of cut up Kale
2 Qts Chicken Broth in the Box. I use Wegmans Brand, but any high quality Chicken broth will do
2 cups of water
2 chicken bouillion cubes
1 tsp garlic powder
2 tsp onion powder
3 large Baking potatoes sliced in thin 1/4 in. thick circles or use red potatoes sliced in the same manner. I used 6-8 small ones
1 pint of Heavy whipping cream
3/4 c grated Pecorino Romano or Reggiano parmesan Cheese
1-2 gratings of nutmeg (pinch)

Directions:
Clean and cut up the leaks by cutting off the green part, trim the root end then cut the trimmed leek in half lengthwise. Rinse off the dirt under a running faucet of cold water. Slice each half cylinder into 1/2 inch half-rings. break them up with your hands and plunge them into a bowl of cold clean water. Reserve them in the cold clean water until ready for use. The dirt should sink to the bottom of the bowl.
Heat the oil in a heavy-bottomed 5 Qt sauce/soup pot. Add the bacon pieces,mix in the garlic and sausage into the hot oil and frying bacon, breaking up the sausage with the back of the wooden spoon. Add red pepper flakes at the same time if desired
When the sausage pieces and the bacon is fully cooked, add the drained clean leeks. Cook the leeks until they begin to look translucent and some of the liquid starts to dry up.
Add the chicken broth, water, bouillon cubes, garlic powder, onion powder, sliced potatoes and cut up Kale leaves. Bring to a boil.
Once it is rapidly boiling, reduce heat to medium-low and simmer for 20 minutes or until the potatoes are tender.
When the potatoes are cooked, do not stir too hard or fast, so the potatoes do not get mashed. Add the Heavy cream at this point and increase the heat to a gentle bubbling for 2-3 mins.
Remove from heat. Add Romano or Parmesan cheese and nutmeg, stir until incorporated. Taste it, if it is not flavorful enough for your preferences try adding some more grated cheese, salt and ground black pepper. BUT remember, use salt sparingly because the broth and the cheese have a lot of salt in them.

Submitter: 
Ellen Bancroft Ziegler
Description: 
This is a great soup for a hot comforting meal on a cold winter day. Serve it with grated cheese on the side and a crusty slice of Italian bread and a salad!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30mins
Ready in:
1.5 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
