URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63674318/bleu-cheese-lasagna/
Title:
Bleu Cheese Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1020485.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 lb. ground beef or chuck
1/2 lb. lean ground pork
1 24-oz jar/can prepared spaghetti sauce
2 Tbsp. brown sugar
1 12-oz box "oven ready" lasagna noodles
1 cup cottage cheese
1 tbsp oregano
1 large egg, lightly beaten
1 c. bleu cheese crumbles
1/4 c. fresh Parmesan cheese
6 slices fresh provolone cheese (appr. 1 oz. each)
1 c. shredded cheddar cheese

Directions:
Preheat oven to 300 degrees.
Coat a glass bread loaf pan (9x5x3) with cooking spray.
SAUCE:
In a medium saute pan, brown ground beef and ground pork until no longer pink.
Drain grease.
Add spaghetti sauce and brown sugar.
Stir until well blended.
Set aside.
CHEESE LAYER:
Mix cottage cheese, beaten egg, oregano, bleu cheese and grated Parmesan until well-blended.
Set aside.
LAYERING:
Spread enough of the sauce/meat mixture in bottom of pan to cover (appr. 1 cup).
Break two lasagna noodles to fit the length of the bread pan, then lay on top of the sauce, slightly overlapping.
Spread with half of cottage cheese mixture.
Next, layer three slices of provolone, slightly overlapping.
Sprinkle with half of shredded cheddar.
REPEAT, ending with remaining sauce.
BAKING:
Set loaf pan on foil-covered sheet pan for easy clean-up.  Tent a piece of foil over the pan loosely.  Do not cover tightly.  Bake at 300 degrees for 1.5 hours.  Remove from oven.  Let stand 15 minutes.  Cut into desired size slices.

Submitter: 
Ginny Maziarka
Description: 
The bleu cheese in this recipe lends a creamy quality to the cottage cheese layer and only a subtle, pleasant touch of flavor. There is no mozzarella in this non-traditional lasagna that will have your guests waiting for the recipe handout. (Have it ready!)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30-45 m
Ready in:
2 - 2.5 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
