URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63674628/double-double-delicious-fried-chicken/
Title:
Double Double Delicious Fried Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1020550.jpg
Ingredients:
Chicken Coating:
2 cups flour
2 tablespoons garlic powder
2 tablespoons paprika
2 tablespoons black pepper
1 teaspoon ground dry mustard
1 tablespoon kosher salt
Brine:
4 Tablespoons Kosher salt
1 quart water
5 sprigs fresh thyme or 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme
1 teaspoon coarsely ground pepper
1 whole orange, quartered
1 whole chicken cut into 8 pieces
Second soak:
2 cups milk
3 Tablespoons white vinegar
1 egg - slightly beaten
1 quart oil for frying

Directions:
Mix all the ingredient for the chicken coating and set aside.
For the initial brine combine Kosher salt, water, thyme, orange and coarsely ground pepper in a large sauce pan.  Heat and stir to dissolve the salt and infuse the flavors.  Cool the brine completely and add chicken pieces and refrigerate for 4 hours.
Mix milk, vinegar and egg in a large zip lock bag - set aside in the refrigerator.
Remove chicken from initial salt water brine and rinse under cold water, set aside to drain.   Place chicken in milk vinegar mixture for 30 - 60 minutes.
Preheat oven to 300
Heat 1 quart oil to 375
Place flour mixture in a shallow dish - remove chicken from milk mixture,  dip into flour mixture and set aside  onto wire rack- repeat with remaining pieces of chicken.
Re-dip each piece into milk mixture and into the flour mixture again.
Set chicken aside on wire rack so that the breading sets.
Fry chicken 3 or 4 piece at a time, starting with the thighs, until golden brown about 10 - 12 minutes per side.  Place chicken on a cooling rack placed over a sheet pan in the 300 degree oven to hold while cooking remaining chicken.
Internal temperature of chicken should be 165.

Submitter: 
Baking Nana
Description: 
Double dipped, crunchy and slightly spicy this fried chicken can be made ahead and reheated in a low oven.  Everyone will rave about this juicy and tender chicken.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
4 h 20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
