URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63671716/my-impossible-quiche/
Title:
My Impossible Quiche Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1019857.jpg
Ingredients:
1 C. Cauliflower florets, steamed
1 Homemade chicken or beef burger,  thinly sliced and then diced
1 C. Farmer's cheese, grated
1 Onion, chopped finely
Crust:
1 C. All purpose flour
1/2 C. Whole wheat pastry flour
1/2 tsp. Salt
1/2 C. Lard, chilled
10 Tbsp. Ice water
Filling:
5 Eggs
1/2  C. All purpose flour
1 C. Milk
2 tsp. Baking Powder
1/2 tsp. Salt
5 small cherry tomatoes for garnish on top of quiche

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees Fahrenheit
With a paring knife core cauliflower and break off florets into small chunks
Rinse cauliflower under  cold running water and then steam in a small saucepan for 10 minutes until tender to the touch and set aside
On a cutting board slice burger into thin layers and then dice layers and put aside
Grate cheese onto a serving plate and then put in a small bowl until ready to use
Chop onion into half and then dice into nice small pieces and set aside
To prepare crust put dry ingredients into a medium size bowl and then add chilled lard and cut the lard with a pastry blender into small chunks the size of a small pea
Add ice water to dry ingredients a Tablespoon at a time stirring with a fork until mixture comes together to form a ball and then place on lightly floured suface and roll out to a 9" inch circle to fit pie plate. Pre bake crust in oven for 10 minutes or until lightly browned and then remove from the oven
When crust has cooled layer grated cheese and onion in the bottom of the pie crust.  Spread pieces of burger over the first layer and then add cauliflower on top to cover over burger to completely cover the second layer
In a large mixing bowl combine eggs and milk and stir together with a wire whisk until eggs are frothy and light
Measure out flour, baking powder and salt and add to wet ingredients stirring with wire whisk until dry ingredients are blended and mixture is smooth
Pour mixture into pie plate and let settle into the pan
Cut cherry tomatoes in half and place around the edges of pie plate for decorative garnish on finished product
Place in the oven for 45 minutes or until nice and browned
Slice quiche into wedges when cooled completely

Submitter: 
Cheerios
Description: 
A savoury pie that will satisfy your appetite for lunch or dinner with a nice green salad to accompany the quiche.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
