URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63678859/white-chocolate-raspberry-cheesecake-ii/
Title:
White Chocolate Raspberry Cheesecake II Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
24 Oreo Cookies, finely crushed
6 tablespoons butter, melted
2 (12 ounce) packages frozen raspberries
5 tablespoons white sugar
2 tablespoons cornstarch
1 cup water
2 cups white chocolate chips
1/2 cup half-and-half cream
3 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese, softened
1/2 cup white sugar
3 eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla extract

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325 degrees.  Wrap a 9" spring form pan with foil about half way up the sides.
In a medium bowl, mix together cookie crumbs and melted butter. Press mixture into the bottom and 2 inches up side of a 9 inch springform pan.
In a saucepan, combine raspberries, 5 tablespoons sugar, cornstarch, and water. Bring to boil, and continue boiling 5 minutes, or until sauce is thick. Strain sauce through a mesh strainer to remove seeds.
In a metal bowl over a pan of simmering water, melt white chocolate chips with half-and-half, stirring occasionally until smooth.
In a large bowl, mix together cream cheese and 1/2 cup sugar until smooth. Beat in eggs one at a time. Blend in vanilla and melted white chocolate.
Pour half of batter over crust. Spoon 6 tablespoons raspberry sauce over batter. Pour remaining cheesecake batter into pan, and again spoon 6 tablespoons raspberry sauce over the top. Swirl batter with the tip of a knife to create a marbled effect.
Set cheesecake in a jellyroll pan and once you slide this in the oven, carefully pour HOT water into the pan so that it comes up about an inch or so up the side of the spring form pan.
Bake for 55 minutes. Turn off oven and let cheesecake sit in the oven for one hour.  Leave the door of the oven CLOSED!  Remove from the oven, remove foil.  Cool, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 8 hours before removing from pan. Serve with remaining raspberry sauce.

Submitter: 
kirklandcook
Description: 
Raspberry sauce is swirled into the batter of a creamy white chocolate cheesecake. Drizzle sauce onto dessert plates before setting the cheesecake on it for a great presentation.Modified from: White Chocolate Raspberry Cheesecake
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
10 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
