URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63683753/summer-savory-casserole/
Title:
Summer Savory Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
5 6" yellow corn tortillas
2 md slicing tomatoes
1 lg zucchini
1 md green bell pepper, diced
olive oil
salt
3c cooked brown rice
1/2 bunch asparagus
29oz can white beans, drained
1/4c creasy greens, chopped (may substitute rapini)
1/4c peppergrass flowers, cut 1" from the stem (may substitute arugula)
1/4c whole wheat flour
5 cloves garlic, sliced
1 shallot, minced
water

Directions:
Cut the asparagus into 1/2" segments.
Place in a frying pan and add water until they are just covered.
Bring to a boil and then down to a simmer.  Simmer for 10 minutes.  Then remove from heat and drain off the water.
Meanwhile, cut the zucchini in half longwise and slice into semicircles about 1/8" thick.
Combine the zucchini and pepper in an aluminum pan.  Add enough olive oil to coat them and the bottom of the pan, but not enough to leave much excess.  Salt to taste.
Place on a grill for about 15 minutes or until tender, stirring every 5 minutes.
Remove from heat.  Drain off and reserve all excess oil.
Place the beans in a large mixing bowl and mash until well-blended.
Combine the zucchini, pepper, rice, asparagus, creasy greens, peppergrass, flour, garlic, and shallot with the beans.  Stir well.
Pour the reserved oil into the aluminum pan.  Arrange the tortillas in the bottom of the pan so as to completely cover it, making two rows of 2 1/2 tortillas each.
Pour the mixture on top of the tortillas, spreading it evenly.
Slice the tomatoes into 1/4" thick circles.  Spread out on top of the mixture.
Place the pan back on the grill for 10 minutes.
Remove from heat and let sit for at least 10 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
stronglive1
Description: 
Great way to make use of peppery wild mustards in the summer!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
60 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
