URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63686907/broccoli-beef-i/
Title:
Broccoli Beef I Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 (10.5 ounce) can beef broth
2 tablespoons white sugar
2 tablespoons soy sauce
1 pound boneless round steak, cut into bite size pieces
1/4 teaspoon chopped fresh ginger root
1 clove garlic, minced
4 cups chopped fresh broccoli

Directions:
In a small bowl, combine flour, broth, sugar, and soy sauce. Stir until sugar and flour are dissolved.
In a large skillet or wok over high heat, cook and stir beef 2 to 4 minutes, or until browned.  Stir in broth mixture, ginger, garlic, and broccoli.  Bring to a boil, then reduce heat. Simmer 5 to 10 minutes, or until sauce thickens.
his is very good, and I like good, spicy Chinese food. Some people criticize it for not being perfect restaurant quality, but c'mon, all we want is a very easy and quick recipe and this fits the bill. And it tastes great. HOWEVER, follow many of the other reviews and increase the spices, or it will be bland. I doubled the garlic, doubled the ginger (used ginger powder), and added 2t garlic powder (easier than minced garlic). Also added 1/4 t of red pepper flakes (1/2 t for some heat)and reduced sugar(used brown sugar) by about a third. Also doubled the amount of beef stock which still made a nice thick sauce -- otherwise it is thick mud if you use the recommended amount of stock. Cook the meat quickly and remove and add again when sauce begins to thicken so meat doesn't overcook. These really are the recommendations of other reviewers but I thought I'd save you the time of looking at all the reviews. I'll definitely make this again.

Submitter: 
Sandy Sanborn
Description: 
Round steak and broccoli are quickly cooked in a soy ginger sauce. Serve over hot over rice or noodles.Modified from: Broccoli Beef I
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
