URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63681644/flemish-style-roast-with-ommegang/
Title:
Flemish-Style Roast with Ommegang Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
ribbon
Back to Recipe list
Flemish-Style Roast with Ommegang
THE ROAST
4-5 lb. beef brisket, bottom round or chuck roast, boned and tied or 4-5 pound pork shoulder roast, or whole leg of lamb, boned and tied. 5 cups Flemish Marinade with Ommegang and juniper berries salt and freshly ground pepper to taste 1 ½ Tbsp. butter 1 ½ Tbsp. vegetable oil 3 oz. slab bacon, but into 1/2 inch strips 2 cups halved mushrooms and 2 cups pearl onions, peeled 2 Tbsp. flour Freshly chopped parsley for serving
FLEMISH MARINADE WITH OMMEGANG AND JUNIPER BERRIES
3 Tbsp. vegetable oil
1¼ cups onion, very finely chopped
½ cup carrot, finely diced (1/8 inch)
½ cup celery, finely diced (1/8 inch)
salt to bring out flavor
3 cup Ommegang
1½ cup brown meat stock
¼ cup red currant or grape jelly
4 Tbsp. red wine vinegar
¼ tsp. dried thyme
2 bay leaves
¼ tsp. dried rosemary
½ tsp. whole peppercorns
12 juniper berries, crushed

Directions:
Sauté the onion, carrot and celery in the oil until lightly browned. Salt and cool. In a deep, non-reactive bowl combine all the ingredients for the marinade.
Place roast in a deep, non-reactive bowl and pour marinade over so meat is covered completely. Refrigerate about 4 hours.
Before cooking, take out the roast and dry thoroughly with paper towels. Season with salt and pepper. Heat the butter and oil in a Dutch oven or a heavy casserole. Sear the meat evenly on all sides and remove. Add the bacon, mushrooms and/or pearl onions to the drippings and cook until lightly caramelized. Reserve. Return the roast to the pan, sprinkle the flour evenly over the meat and cover with the marinade. Simmer the roast, with the lid slightly ajar for about two hours or until fork tender. About 30 minutes before serving, add the bacon, mushrooms and/or pearl onions. Remove the roast and keep warm. If necessary, reduce the pan juices over high heat until you have a thickened, velvety sauce. Taste for seasonings and add a few tablespoons of Ommegang Abbey Ale to enliven the flavor. Slice the meat and serve surrounded by the vegetables. Garnish with parsley and serve the rich gravy in a sauceboat. Serves 6 to 8

Submitter: 
doch83
Description: 
Flemish-Style Roast with Ommegang
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
4.5 hrs
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
