URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63684593/no-sugar-chocolate-souffle-cake/
Title:
No Sugar Chocolate Souffle Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
12 ounces bittersweet chocolate
6 eggs
6 egg yolks
0.75 cup Xylitol
0.75 cup almond flour
1 pinch of Salt
3 teaspoons Vanilla extract
1.5 cups butter

Directions:
Bring water to a boil in the bottom of a double boiler. In the top, melt the butter and chocolate together.
In another bowl, separate the 6 egg yolks. Beat the whole eggs and the yolks together with a electric mixer on medium until the mixture is thick in texture and light in color.
When the chocolate mixture is fully melted, mix a large dollop of the egg mixture into the chocolate until very smooth. Then fold the chocolate mixture gently into the eggs.
Next add the sugars, flour, salt and vanilla extract and continue to fold gently until thoroughly mixed.
If you want to freeze the cakes individual silicon muffin/cupcake molds work best. If you will cook immediately, use silicon six piece muffin form (like Demarle/Flexipan). Butter each form first and put form on a cookie tray. Fill each mold about 3/4 full.
If you will freeze, put immediately into the freezer. Let the cakes solidify and then transfer from the cookie tray into large air tight containers.
Bake at 350F for 8 - 11 minutes. Time will depend on how big a mold is used. You can also cook directly from frozen - this will take a little longer.
What you are looking for is a nickel to quarter-sized section with the consistency of the original batter left in the middle - this will leave the middle of the cake molten but with enough structure so it won't collapse when removed from the mold. RESIST THE TEMPTATION TO OVERCOOK!
If using 6 piece muffin molds: Let cool completely before taking out of the molds and place on a microwave-safe plate. Heat in microwave for about 20 seconds. Transfer to serving plate.
If using individual muffin molds: let cool briefly, invert mold onto serving plate to let cake slide out.
May be served with a variety of toppings - see footnotes.

Submitter: 
Nesto
Description: 
Better than any restaurant molten chocolate cake you'll ever have.Modified from: Chocolate Souffle Cake
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
30 mins
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
