URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63685910/chicken-enchiladas-whomemade-sauce/
Title:
chicken enchiladas w/homemade sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For enchiladas:
1 family size pack of chicken breast
onion powder
garlic powder
1tsp garlic salt
2 tsp chicken boulion
1 pack of white corn tortillas (mission brand is best unless you get them from a hispanic market)
8 cups of mexican blend cheese
4 cups vegetable oil
For Sauce:
8 dehydrated red pepper (big ones)
3 ancho chili peppers (dried)
2 little red peppers (dried, for spice)
mexican oregano
cumin
garlic clove
tomato sauce (1 can)
onion powder
garlic salt
unsweetened cocoa powder

Directions:
For enchiladas:
Start chicken the night before by placing in rectangle baking dish and covering with water. Add all seasonings. I usually do not measure, I just sprinkle enough to cover the entire dish with each seasoning. Cover with foil and back on low, about 200 degrees over night. Check level of broth in the morning and recover until you are ready to make dinner. Take chicken out and place in a bowl, mash it up with a little broth and sprinkle with Goya seasoning;save remaining broth. Set both aside.
For sauce:
Cut stems off of peppers, cover with left over broth, add more water if necessary. Add cumin, garlic salt, onion powder, and oregano. Bring to boil. When peppers are soft remove from heat and let cool. Put in blender and mix in chopped garlic clove, 1 tsp of cocoa and can of tomato sauce. Drain mixture through sieve to separate out any seeds and chunks of pepper. season to taste. Add water if too thick. Set aside. Heat oil and dip tortillas briefly, enough to soften, and put them on a plate. Sprinkle cheese down middle of tortilla, then chicken and roll up, place in baking dish sprayed w/pam. Repeat until full. Cover top with sauce, then cheese. You can double the rows if you have to or make a new pan. Make sure sauce is covering all tortillas to keep from getting dry during baking and that cheese covers all red spots. Bake at 350 for about 30 min or until cheese is just turning a little brown. Serve with Spanish rice, guacamole, homemade salsa, onion and cilantro. And sour cream if desired.

Submitter: 
Joanie McCann
Description: 
I have never really measured my ingredients. I have trusted my eye and taste, so I would suggest everyone do the same! I made this last night and my whole neighborhood was full and said it was the best ever..and we live in Texas where there are a ton of Mexican restaurants. My husband is hispanic an VERY picky, I was afraid to try to make my own enchilada sauce but he loved it and said I could no longer buy it in the can. My mother in law taught me how to make enchiladas, I just put my own spin on it and tried a recipe for the sauce from a friend. It was a hit..Good luck!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
