URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63680867/independence-day-cupcakes/
Title:
Independence Day Cupcakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1023840.jpg
Ingredients:
2 1/4 cups flour
1 1/2 cups sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup vegetable shortening
3 egg whites
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 cup milk
1 (1 ounce) package instant vanilla pudding mix
2 cups milk
1 (7 ounce) container light whipped cream
12 thinly sliced strawberries, or as needed
24 fresh blueberries

Directions:
Line 24 cupcake cups with paper liners.
Whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt in a large mixing bowl.
With a pastry cutter, chop the shortening into the dry ingredients until the mixture becomes crumbly.
Beat in the egg whites, vanilla extract, and 1 cup of milk to make a smooth batter. Spoon batter into the paper-lined cupcake cups, filling them about 2/3 full.
Bake at 350° until a toothpick inserted into the center of a cupcake comes out clean, 22 to 26 minutes. Allow cupcakes to cool completely.
In a bowl, beat together the pudding mix and 2 cups of milk until the pudding is thickened, about 2 minutes. Allow to stand for 5 minutes to finish thickening. Spoon the pudding into a pastry bag with a medium tip.
To fill and decorate cupcakes, use a thin paring knife to cut a small hole, about 1/2 inch in diameter, into the top of a cupcake.
Insert the knife about 3/4 of the way down into the cupcake, and remove the core. Use the pastry bag to fill the hole with pudding, piping in enough pudding to fill the hole flush with the top of the cupcake.
Frost the tops of the filled cupcakes with light whipped cream, spreading it into a smooth layer.
Place a blueberry in the center of each cupcake.
Around the blueberry, arrange 5 slices of strawberry, pointed ends outward, to make a star shape.
Store in refrigerator.

Submitter: 
Linda Ahrens
Description: 
Lightened-up vanilla cupcakes are filled with sugar-free pudding mix, topped with light whipped cream, and given a pretty red and blue star decoration made of fresh blueberries and strawberries for a patriotic dessert that's served cold.Modified from: Independence Day Cupcakes
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
