URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63686159/bengali-quinoa-bowl-with-spinach-and-almonds/
Title:
Bengali Quinoa Bowl with Spinach and Almonds Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup dry quinoa, well rinsed
3/4 cup vegetable stock
2 tbsp slivered almonds
1 tbsp olive oil
1 tbsp Bengali 5 spices (panch-phoran) (or use 1/2 tsp each of: cumin seeds, fennel seeds, nigella seeds, fenugreek seeds and mustard seeds)
1 tbsp freshly grated ginger
1 clove garlic, minced
1-3 fresh green chili peppers, minced
1/8 tsp ground asafoetida
1 lb fresh spinach, stemmed and coarsely chopped (2 bunches)
1 red bell pepper, finely chopped
1/4 tsp garam masala

Directions:
1. In a large skillet over medium heat, toast the almonds for about 2 minutes, until golden. Remove from pan and set aside.
2. Meanwhile, in a medium pot, heat vegetable stock. Add the dry quinoa and bring to a boil. Reduce heat, cover and cook for 15-20 minutes, until the water is absorbed. Turn off heat, keep covered and allow to steam for 10 minutes.
3. Once the almonds have toasted, heat oil in a the same large skillet over medium heat. Add the panch phoran, ginger, garlic, green chili peppers and cook about 30 seconds.
4. Add asafoetida and spinach, stir and cook for about 2-3 minutes over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and cook for about 5 more minutes. Hopefully there is some liquid left to become your dressing but if it is too soupy, uncover and cook on high heat to evaporate some of the juices. Transfer to a serving dish and keep warm.
5. Using the same pan over medium-high heat, cook red pepper for about 2 minutes, until crisp-tender.
6. To assemble, place quinoa in the bottom of a bowl. Top with spinach mixture, next the red pepper, then sprinkle with the toasted almonds and garam masala just prior to serving.

Submitter: 
Jahangir Khan
Description: 
Great healthy appetizer
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
