URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63691240/peaches-n-cream-muffins/
Title:
Peaches N' Cream Muffins Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 heaping cup of peeled and diced Peaches
2 cups All Purpose Flour
1 cup white sugar
1-1/2 tsp. Baking powder
1 tsp. cinnamon
1/4 tsp salt
2 Large eggs
1/3 cup Canola Oil
1/2 cup peach yogurt (or plain/vanilla yogurt)
1/2 cup of Milk
1 tsp vanilla extract
Filling:
4 ounces of Cream Cheese, softened
1/4 cup of powdered sugar
1/4 tsp. almond extract
Topping:
1/4 cup raw sugar
1 teaspoon cinnamon

Directions:
Preheat Oven to 350f degrees. Grease or line 12 large muffin tins.
Filling: In a small bowl, mix the cream cheese, powdered sugar, and almond extract together until smooth, leave in the fridge until ready to use.
Dice peaches and set aside.
In a large bowl mix flour, baking powder, salt, and cinnamon, set aside.
In a separate bowl, whisk eggs, oil, yogurt, milk, sugar and vanilla until well combined.
Add the diced peaches to the flour mixture, stirring to coat them in the flour. Pour the milk and egg mixture into flour and peach mixture and gently fold together until just combined, careful not to over mix.
Fill each muffin tin with a heaping tablespoon, just below half way, then place a heaping teaspoonful of the cream cheese mixture into the center of each muffin. Then top with another tablespoon of muffin batter covering the cream cheese mixture, spooning the batter to the edges if needed. Each tin will be quite full.
Mix sugar with cinnamon and sprinkle a teaspoon of sugar mixture on top of each muffin.
Bake in center of oven for 20-25 minutes, until they lightly spring back when touched.
Place muffins tins on a cooling rack, and let them cool completely in muffins tins before serving.

Submitter: 
WestCoastMom
Description: 
After tons of trial and error I came up with my own version of Starbucks Peaches N'Cream muffins that turned out even better! Light and fluffy muffin with fresh peaches and a dreamy cream cheese center. I use Red Haven peaches which are a yellow flesh, free stone peach. Our family loves them and we make them quite often during peach season, I'm sure you will enjoy them too!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
