URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63692423/german-chocolate-cake/
Title:
German Chocolate Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 package (4oz) Baker's Sweetened Chocolate
1/2 cup boiling water
1 cup butter
2 cups sugar
4 egg yolks
4 egg whites
1 teaspoon McCormick Vanilla extract
2 - 1/2 cups sifted cake flour
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup buttermilk
2 cans of Betty Crocker Coconut Pecan frosting

Directions:
(1) Mix the Baker's Sweetened Chocolate with the 1/2 cup of boiling water in a small bowl. Stir these together until the chocolate is completely dissolved. Set aside to cool before you add it to the mixture in step four.
(2) In a stand mixer, combine the butter and sugar until completely mixed and fluffy.
(3) Slowly add the egg yolks while beating the mixture. Mix until there are no spots or streaks of yellow remaining.
(4) Add the melted chocolate and the vanilla extract.
(5) In a separate bowl, sift the flour to remove any clumps. Add the baking soda and salt to the flour and mix.
(6) With the mixer going, alternate adding the buttermilk and the flour to the batter mixture (milk, flour, milk, flour, etc.) Once buttermilk and flour have been added, continue mixing until smooth.
(7) Unless you have a second mixing bowl for your stand mixer, you will want to transfer the batter to a large bowl and wash out your mixing bowl for this step. Make sure there is no egg yolk mixed in with your egg whites. Take your four egg whites and beat them at high speed for about 5 minutes or until peaks form when the whisk is removed. Quickly move to the next step to keep the egg whites fluffy.
(8) Fold the beaten egg whites very slowly into the batter. Do not stir or beat them in or your cake may not turn out.
(9) Pour equal amounts of batter into each of the three 9-inch round pans. A kitchen scale may be useful in determining equal portions.
(10) Bake the cakes for 25 to 35 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the middle of each cake comes out clean.  Once done, allow cakes to cool for about 15 minutes in the pans.

Submitter: 
Chevette
Description: 
You can convert to gluten free if you like.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
15 m.
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
