URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63696141/swedish-meatballs/
Title:
Swedish Meatballs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Meatballs:
2 tablespoons butter
1/2 onion, finely chopped
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1/4 cup milk
2 large eggs
1/3 cup bread crumbs
3/4 teaspoon pepper
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/4 teaspoon ground allspice
1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste
1 pound ground beef
1 pound ground pork
Gravy:
2 tablespoons butter
3 tablespoons flour
3 1/4 cups beef broth
1/2 cup heavy cream or sour cream
1/2 teaspoon white sugar
1/4 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Melt 2 tablespoons butter over medium heat. Cook and stir onion and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt in butter until onion begins to turn translucent.
Transfer onion mixture to a large bowl. Add milk, eggs, bread crumbs, black pepper, nutmeg, allspice, and cayenne pepper to the breadcrumb mixture; stir to combine.
Mix beef and pork into the bread crumb mixture. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least one hour.
Melt 2 tablespoons butter over medium heat; whisk flour into butter and cook until golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes. Slowly whisk beef broth into butter mixture.
Increase heat to medium-high, whisk cream into mixture and bring to a simmer. Stir sugar and Worcestershire sauce into gravy. Simmer until slightly thickened, 6 to 7 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from heat and set aside.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and lightly coat foil with cooking spray.
Roll 2 to 3 tablespoons meatball mixture into a balls Place meatballs on baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until browned, about 20 minutes.
Transfer meatballs to the gravy and cook over medium-low heat until warmed through (or transfer all to crockpot to keep warm)

Submitter: 
Donna M. MacLean
Description: 
You will love these,worth the effort. You will probably want to double the recipe because they go fast!!!!  Make the meatballs smaller for an appetizer.Modified from: Chef John's Swedish Meatballs
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
