URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63696384/old-fashioned-lemon-whey-pie-farm-journals-complete-pie-cookbook-1965/
Title:
Old Fashioned Lemon Whey Pie: Farm Journal's Complete Pie Cookbook, 1965 Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pre-baked 9? pie pastry shell (Get my super-simple recipe that uses healthy fats here.)
Filling:
1 1/2 cups whey (it must be fresh whey, any sort of powdered whey stuff will not work. )
1 cup sugar
3 1/2 Tablespoons arrowroot powder or cornstarch
3 egg yolks (save the whites for the meringue topping below)
1 1/2 Tablespoons butter, melted
1/2 teaspoon sea salt
1/4 cup lemon juice
Meringue Topping:
3 egg whites
1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar
1/4 teaspoon sea salt
1/2 teaspoon real vanilla extract
6 Tablespoons sugar

Directions:
Preheat your oven to 350 degrees.
Filling: Bring 1 cup of whey to a boil in a medium saucepan. In a separate bowl, whisk the sugar, arrowroot powder, and the remaining 1/2 cup of cold whey until it forms a smooth paste.
Add the paste mixture into the hot whey, stirring constantly until it thickens.
In another small bowl, lightly beat the egg yolks and combine with the butter, salt, and lemon juice.
Pour a small amount of the hot mixture into the egg yolk mixture and stir.
Add the mixture back into the saucepan, and cook the entire concoction for an additional two minutes, stirring constantly.
Pour the filling into the prebaked pie shell, and set aside while you prepare the meringue.
Meringue: Use an electric mixer to beat the egg whites, cream of tartar, salt, and vanilla extract in a bowl until the entire mixture is foamy, but not yet starting to thicken.
Begin to add the sugar, one tablespoon at a time. Beat thoroughly after each addition.
Once all of the sugar is added, continue to beat the mixture at medium-high speed until it forms stiff, sharp peaks when you lift the mixer from the bowl.
Once you reach that stage, it’s ready for your pie.
Place large spoonfuls of the meringue around the edges of the pie and use the back of your spoon to gently “seal” it to the crust. This will help keep it from shrinking.
Carefully place pie in your preheated oven & bake at 350 12-15 minutes. Allow to cool on the counter completely before serving.

Submitter: 
Frugal Dusky
Description: 
Three reasons why you need to make Lemon Whey Pie:
1. It is a mouth-watering way to use up extra whey- a very common problem if you make a lot of cheese or own dairy goats or cows.
2. It’s delightfully old-fashioned and just happens to come from the 1965 edition of the Farm Journal’s Complete Pie Cookbook which belonged to my grandmother.
3. It’s really, reeealllllly good. Really.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
