URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63693376/peachy-keen-compote-cheesecake-with-vanilla-mousse/
Title:
Peachy Keen Compote Cheesecake with Vanilla Mousse Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1026807.jpg
Ingredients:
crust:
25 gingersnap or snickerdoodle cookies or 6 ounces crumbed
1/4 cup butter,melted
Filling:
4 8- ounce packages cream cheese, room temp
2 tablespoons butter, softened
4 large eggs
1/2 cup sour cream
2 teaspoons vanilla
1 1/2 cup granulated sugar
1 tablespoon cornstarch
Compote:
4 medium peaches peeled, sliced thin
2 tablespoons granulated sugar
1/2 teaspoon lemon juice
dash of cinnamon
Glaze:
1/2 cup peach preserves or Peach Simply Fruit
1 1/2 teaspoons lemon juice
9 peach slices thinly sliced
Mousse:
2 cups whipping cream
1 small box instant vanilla pudding

Directions:
Pre heat your oven to 350 degrees.
In a blender or food processor crumb your gingersnap cookies. In a medium sized bowl add the cookie crumbs and melted butter and stir until combined. Press the cookie crumbs into the bottom of a 9" spring form pan. Bake the crust for 8 minutes. Remove and let cool. In a medium saucepan add four thinly sliced peaches, sugar and lemon juice. Cook for 5 minutes. Let cool. In a large bowl cream together the cream cheese, butter. Add eggs one at a time. Add remaining ingredients and mix on low until combined. Place half of your cheesecake filling in your spring form pan. Top with the peach compote leaving about a 1/4" gap from the side of the pan. Top with remaining batter and place in the oven. Fill a pan about half full with water and place on the rack below your cheesecake. Bake for approximately 1 hour or until the edges start to turn slightly golden. Refrigerate your cheesecake for 8 hours preferably overnight. In a small sauce pan add your peach preserves and lemon juice. Cook on low for approximately 5 minutes, let cool. In a medium sized bowl add your whipping cream and vanilla pudding. Whip until stiff peaks form. Once you cheesecake has setup remove your cheesecake from the pan and place it on a decorative serving tray. Top the cheesecake with the peach glaze. In the center of the cheesecake make a circle with the 9 peach slices leaving room in the middle for a mousse rosette. Using a large Ziploc bag or cake decorating bag and a large star tip add large rosettes around the top outer edge of your cheesecake. Refrigerate until serving.

Submitter: 
Angela Welch
Description: 
Creamy cheesecake with a peach compote filling, peach glaze and light vanilla mousse. Simply divine for summertime.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
