URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63696304/blanket-method-easy-homemade-yogurt/
Title:
"Blanket Method" Easy Homemade Yogurt Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1027585.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 Gallon of milk
1/2 Cup of plain yogurt for "starter"-- any brand, greek style or "normal" yogurt.
You Also Need:
A large pot
A half gallon jar or crockery
Thick towel or blanket
Thermometer (optional, but optimal!)

Directions:
Heat milk in pot over medium heat until it reaches 185 F. (At this point it starts to froth and steams heavily)
Stir frequently to prevent burning as it reaches 185F.
For thicker yogurt, hold milk at 185F for a few minutes.
Remove pot from heat.
Cool slightly (just enough to prevent the cold glass jar or crock from breaking with the heat.) and add milk to crock. (Pour a little hot milk into the bottom of the crock to “heat it up” before adding all 8 cups.)
Let cool to 115 F. If you don't have a thermometer, the "old fashioned trick" is to put your finger in the hot milk and count to 15. If your finger can tolerate the heat, the milk is ready to ferment. The temperature of the milk is very important! If your milk is too cold, the culture will not grow. It if is hot, the milk will kill the bacteria in the culture and your milk will never thicken.
Pour one cup of the cooled milk into the yogurt starter and mix well.
Pour yogurt starter into the milk and stir gently. DO NOT SHAKE, DO NOT WHIP.
Cover crock with lid then wrap in thick towel or blanket overnight, at minimum 7 hours.
Refrigerate.

Submitter: 
Frugal Dusky
Description: 
This is my no fuss, fully frugal home made yogurt recipe and method. 
A batch a week saves an awful lot of money on the store bought yogurt cups my kids used to go through, and I have a lot more control over the ingredients in the snack food when I choose the milk and the sweeteners!

NO special equipment is needed. Just two ingredients, a jar, a blanket, a pot and some time.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
8 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
