URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63703427/cottage-pastry/
Title:
Cottage Pastry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 litre container of 2% cottage cheese
2 cups margarine, softened (or butter, I've used both with same results)
5 cups Unbleached all-purpose flour (may need more or less depending on humidity)
Optional lemon glaze:
1-1/2 cups of powdered sugar
1 lemon, zested
3 Tablespoons of lemon juice

Directions:
Mix cottage cheese with margarine with an electric mixer or food processor until well combined, scraping down the sides of the bowl a few times. Most cheese curds will be intact and do not need to be broken up.
Gradually add in flour and mix with a wooden spoon, and then with your hands. Add just enough flour so the dough is not too sticky. Turn the dough out on a floured surface, bring the dough together with your hands, kneading no more than 3-4 turns. The dough should be soft and spongy, be careful not to overwork it.
To get that layered puff pastry flake, gently roll out into a square, fold in half, roll or flatten with hands, fold in half the opposite way and repeat 2 more times.
Flatten the dough to an 8" square and divide into four equal portions, wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate for 4 hours or overnight.
To make lemon, or jam filled crescents, roll one portion of dough out on a floured surface to 1/4 of an inch thickness. Cut into 4 inch squares, then in half to make triangles.
For lemon crescents: roll the bottom toward the triangle point to form crescent shapes. Place on parchment lined baking sheets and bake at 375F for 20-25 minutes or until golden. Remove from pan and place on a wire rack to cool.
Mix powdered sugar, lemon zest and lemon juice in a bowl. Brush or drizzle the tops of crescents when they are cool with the glaze.
For Jam filled crescents: drop a teaspoon of Jam onto each triangle, roll and bake the same as above.
The baked crescents can be left at room temp, loosely covered for 3-5 days. Refrigerate if it`s very hot or humid. Baked crescents can be stored in freezer as well.

Submitter: 
WestCoastMom
Description: 
This is an easy cheater puff pastry recipe from my Mother-in-law. She would always make lemon crescents with these, but you can use it for sweet or savory appetizers, turnovers, strudel, or any recipe requiring puff pastry. This comes together for me very quickly and easily, perfect for someone intimidated by pastry recipes!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
48
Nutritional Facts:
NA
