URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63701858/crab-and-avocado-quesadilla/
Title:
Crab and Avocado Quesadilla Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 ripe Hass avocados, cut in small chunks, divided
1 pint Sun Gold or cherry tomatoes, halved, divided
2 serrano peppers, thinly sliced, divided
¼ cup fresh cilantro leaves, roughly chopped
1 medium shallot, thinly sliced
4 teaspoons freshly squeezed lime juice from 2 limes
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
1 ½ cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese
6 ounces picked crab meat
2 tablespoons chopped scallions, light green parts only
½ red onion, thinly sliced
4 (10-inch) flour tortillas
2 tablespoons olive oil, divided
Lime wedges, for serving

Directions:
In a serving bowl, combine 2/3 of avocado, 2/3 of cherry tomatoes, 1/2 of serrano, 1/2 of red onion, cilantro, shallots, and lime juice. Toss to combine and season with salt and pepper. Set aside.
Combine remaining avocado, tomato, red onion, serrano, cheese, crab meat, and scallions in a medium bowl and toss to mix. Divide mixture evenly between tortillas, covering half of each tortilla and leaving a 1/2-inch gap around the edge. Fold tortillas to close quesadillas.
Heat 1 tsp of oil in 10-inch stainless steel skillet over medium heat until shimmering. Carefully add two folded tortillas to skillet and cook, shaking pan gently until first side is golden brown and puffed, 1 to 2 minutes. Carefully flip tortillas with a flexible slotted spatula, sprinkle with salt, and cook on second side until golden brown and puffed, 1 to 2 minutes longer. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate and allow to rest while you repeat with the remaining oil and quesadillas. Allow cooked quesadillas to rest 1 minute after cooking for cheese to melt. Cut into wedges and serve with avocado salsa.

Submitter: 
malcriada
Description: 
Found on seriouseats.com, tweaked it a tiny bit.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
