URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63705314/thai-rice-noodle-salad-with-chili-lime-vinaigrette/
Title:
Thai Rice Noodle Salad with Chili-Lime Vinaigrette Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6-10 oz thin dried rice noodles (vermicelli size)
2 tomatoes, cut into small slices
1 carrot, sliced into matchsticks
4 green onions, sliced finely
1 small green and 1 small red or orange bell pepper, sliced thinly
1-2 c bean sprouts, or sprouts of your choice
1 c fresh coriander/cilantro, roughly chopped
1/2 c fresh basil, roughly chopped
1 c cooked shrimp roughly chopped
DRESSING
1/3 c lime juice (about 2 limes juiced)
3 tbs fish sauce
3 tbs soy sauce
2-3 tsp sugar, to taste
1-3 tsp chili sauce or 1/4 to 1/2 tsp cayenne pepper or crushed red pepper, to taste
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 tsp sesame oil

Directions:
Lightly boil rice noodles until al dente.  Drain and add bean sprouts, while noodles are still hot.  Gently toss (the residual heat will lightly cook the sprouts), then rinse through with cold water to keep from sticking.  Set aside to drain.
Mix dressing ingredients together in a cup, stirring well to dissolve the sugar.  Taste-test for a sweet sour balance, adding more sugar if too sour for your taste.  Note that the dressing will taste quite strong/salty, but will be delicious wihen combined with the salad.
Place noodles and sprouts in a large salad bowl.  Add the tomatoes, carrot, green onion, bell peppers, shrimp and coriander.  Toss to mix.
Add half of the dressing plus fresh basil and toss to incorporate.
Add the other half of the dressing and toss, taste-testing as you go, adding more or all of the dressing depending on how many noodles you've made.  If not salty enough, add more fish sauce or sou sauce.  If not spicy enough, add more chili.  If too salty, add a little more lime juice.  If too sour, add more sugar.
Eat immediately, or cover and allow to sit in the refrigerator for an hour or two or until cold.

Submitter: 
Ursula Blakely
Description: 
About.com
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
