URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63709302/light-as-air-potato-gnocchi/
Title:
Light-as-Air Potato Gnocchi Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1030797.jpg
Ingredients:
2 pounds russet potatoes
1 large egg, lightly beaten
3/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon (4 oz) flour, plus more for counter
1 teaspoon plus 1 tablespoon salt

Directions:
Adjust oven rack to middle position and heat oven to 450. Poke each potato 8 times with paring knife.
Microwave potatoes until slightly softened at ends, about 10 minutes, flipping halfway. Transfer potatoes to oven and bake until done, 18-20 min.
Holding each potato with potholder, peel with paring knife. Process through ricer and gently spread into even layer to allow steam to escape. Let cool 5 minutes.
Transfer 3 cups (16 oz) of warm potatoes to bowl. Using fork, gently stir in the egg until just combined. Sprinkle flour and 1 tsp salt over the potatoes. Using fork, gently combine until no pockets of dry flour remain. Press mix into rough ball, transfer to lightly floured counter, and gently knead until smooth but slightly sticky, about 1 min, lightly dusting counter with flour as needed.
Line 2 rimmed baking sheets with parchment paper and dust with flour. Cut dough into 8 pieces. Lightly dust counter with flour. Gently roll piece of dough into 1/2 inch rope. Cut rope into 3/4 inch pieces. Pass pieces through back of fork to form gnocchi. Transfer to sheets.
Bring 4 quarts of water to boil, add 1 tbsp. salt. Using parchment paper as sling, gently lower gnocchi from sheet into water and cook until firm and just cooked through, about 90 seconds. Ghocchi should float to surface after about 1 min. Using slotted spoon, transfer cooked gnocchi to skillet with sauce. Gently toss and serve.

Submitter: 
Milly Suazo-Martinez
Description: 
Foolproof recipe from Cooks Illustrated Oct 2011
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
45 min
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
