URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63712983/rice-pudding/
Title:
rice pudding Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Generously butter the inside of a 10-inch springform pan. Wrap a double layer of heavy-duty aluminum foil tightly around the outside bottom and sides, crimping and pleating the foil to make it conform to the pan. This will help to prevent water seeping into the pan when you put it into the bain-marie. Position the baking rack in the center of the oven; preheat the oven to 300* Fahrenheit.
In a large mixing bowl, using an electric mixer, beat the eggs with the sour cream until well blended.
In a medium-sized bowl, beat the cream cheese with the butter until smooth and creamy. Add this to the egg-sour cream mixture and beat until smooth.
Add the sugar, cornstarch, vanilla, lemon juice and lemon zest and beat thoroughly, about 2 minutes.
Pour into the prepared springform pan and place in a roasting pan (or other pan) large enough to prevent the sides from touching. Place in the oven and carefully pour in enough very hot tap water to reach halfway up the sides of the springform pan.
Bake for 2 hours, 15 minutes, or until the cake is very lightly colored and a knife inserted in the center emerges clean. Remove from the water bath and carefully peel the aluminum foil from around the pan. Let stand at room temperature until completely cool, about 4 hours. Refrigerate, covered, until well chilled. For best flavor and texture, this cheesecake is best chilled overnight.

Directions:
Combine all ingredients in a flat baking dish and place in a slow oven 300F and bake for 1 1/2 hours or until rice is perfectly tender and pudding is thick and creamy, not dry. Stir every 15 min with a fork, carefully turning under the brown top and scraping the edges down. Serve hot or cold.

Submitter: 
Cecilia Power Garbaravage
Description: 
rice pudding
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
