URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63715007/red-eye-cowboy-baked-beans/
Title:
Red-Eye Cowboy Baked Beans Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb. dried beans
1/2 lb. bacon
1 large onion, chopped
4 cloves garlic, chopped
1 Tbs. chopped ancho chiles
1 tsp. cayenne pepper
1 tsp. ground cumin
Freshly ground black pepper
6 cups beef broth
1 cup brewed coffee
1/3 cup molasses
2 Tbs. tomato paste
1 Tbs. Worcestershire sauce
1 tsp. oregano
Sea salt

Directions:
Sort and rinse beans. Place them in a large bowl or pot. Add enough cold water to cover the beans by 2 inches and let soak overnight. Drain the beans well.
Position a rack in the center of the oven and heat the oven to 350°F.
Cook bacon in oven for 20-30 minutes. The bacon should be about half cooked. Drain bacon grease into 5-6 quart Dutch oven and set bacon aside.
Add the onion and garlic to bacon grease and cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until softened, 5 to 7 minutes.
Add the chilis, cumin, allspice, and 1/2 tsp. pepper. Cook, stirring, until aromatic, about 30 seconds. Add the broth. Stir to combine. Add the beans and bring just to a simmer. Cover and bake until the beans are easy to bite into but still a little mealy in texture, 45 to 60 minutes.
Stir in the coffee, molasses, tomato paste, Worcestershire, and oregano. Arrange bacon on the top of the beans. Bake, uncovered, until the beans are fully tender, 30 to 60 minutes more.
If desired, these can be prepared the night before. If so, cool to room temperature. Cover and refrigerate overnight. To finish, bring to a simmer, uncovered, over medium heat. Reduce the heat to low and continue to simmer until the sauce is reduced to the consistency of thin gravy, stirring occasionally so the bottom doesn't burn, 40 to 60 minutes. Season the beans to taste with salt and pepper.

Submitter: 
mrsflyvt
Description: 
I used to hate baked beans - the dull, too-sweet flavor and pasty texture. These beans won me over. They are not overly sweet, and have rich, layered flavor. The pintos cook fully through but maintain their integrity without cooking to a paste.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
