URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63714278/gammys-famous-lasagna/
Title:
Gammy's Famous Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Sauce:
1 lb.   Ground Beef
1 lb.   Italian Sausage (Ground)
1 lb.   Italian Sausage Links
1.  Onion, chopped
2.  Celery Stalks, chopped
6.  Garlic cloves
1.  Bay Leaf
2 tsp.  Italian Seasoning
1 tsp.  Basil
1 tsp.  Sugar
1/2 tsp.  Fennel Seed
2 lg cans.  Tomato Paste
2 lg cans.  Tomato Sauce
1 can.  Hunts Garlic and Cheese Sauce (26.5 oz)
1/2 cup.  Red Wine
1 tsp.   Parsely
Filling:
2 large.  Large Curd Cottage Cheese
1 small.  Large Curd Cottage Cheese
8 cups.  Mozzarella (divided 6 and 2)
1 cup.  Grated Parmesan
4   Eggs, slightly beaten
1 Tbs.  Parsley
16 oz.  Lasagna Noodles, cooked and drained

Directions:
Brown links, cool, remove skin, chop into bite size pieces - set aside.  In large skillet cook ground beef and sausage until done, add onion, celery, and garlic - cook until tender, drain.
In large pot, add meat and all sauce ingredients.  Stir, heat - adding small amounts of water to thin to desired consistency,  Cover and simmer 1 hour or more - then cool.  Best if this is made the day before (warm if refrigerated for easier spreading)
Cook and drain lasagna noodles (lay noodle strips on foil to cool)
Preheat oven 350
Mix eggs, cottage cheese, Parmesan, and 6 cups of the mozzarella - divide in half.
Place enough sauce for a thin covering on the bottom of your 9x13 pan.
Layer noodles to cover pan, cover with sauce, cheese mixture and then repeat until pan is full (typically 3 layers) - End with sauce on top (do NOT end with bare noodles or they will burn).
Cover pan with foil. Bake 1 hour. Uncover and top with 2 cups of mozzarella.  Bake 15 minutes uncovered.

Submitter: 
Cindy
Description: 
This is the ONE recipe everyone in the family begs Gammy to make this every time they come into town.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
