URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63713065/zucchini-squash-onion-and-cheese-casserole/
Title:
Zucchini, Squash, Onion and Cheese Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Zucchini, Squash, Onion and Cheese Casserole
Ingredients:
2-3 T Olive oil (plus tiny bit more for drizzling at the end)
1 medium onion, sliced thin
3 cloves garlic, finely diced
1 medium zucchini, ends cut off and thinly sliced into circles
1 medium summer squash, ends cut off and thinly sliced into circles
pinch of freshly grated nutmeg
2 cups shredded white cheddar cheese
1/2 cup Rosemary Asiago Cheese (or other cheese of choice)
1/3 +1/4 cup panko crumbs
Grated Parmesan for dusting on top
Salt and pepper to taste
Fresh chopped Italian Parsley for garnish (optional)

Directions:
Heat olive oil in a large pan over medium heat, add garlic and onion and saute up, stirring occasionally (careful not to burn the garlic) until softened about 6-8 minutes.
Add zucchini and squash to the same pan and continue cooking, stirring occasionally until softened, about 12 minutes.
Add fresh grated nutmeg, pinch of salt and pepper and stir in well.
Remove from heat and place contents of the pan into a large bowl to let cool slightly.
Preheat oven to 375.
Stir in your 2 1/2 cups cheese and 1/3 cup panko until well combined.
Add contents of bowl to a glass casserole dish (8x8) At this point taste test for salt and pepper - add some only if needed.
sprinkle the top with the remaining panko and Parmesan cheese.
Drizzle with just a touch of olive oil.
Place in the oven and bake about 10 minutes or until is gets bubbly around the edges.
Turn on broiler and broil (keeping a close eye) an additional 3-4 minutes until slightly browned on top.
Remove from the oven and let sit about 10 minutes before serving.
Garnish with fresh chopped Italian parsley and enjoy!

Submitter: 
Gina Lee Lafreniere
Description: 
I don't know about you but i have so much squash coming out of my garden I am looking for any recipe to use. This one is wonderful, my kids loved it even when they were small. ~Stephanie from the unintentional urban farmer
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
40
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
