URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63716781/baked-rigatoni-with-eggplant-and-sausage/
Title:
Baked Rigatoni with Eggplant and Sausage Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Kosher Salt
Extra-virgin olive oil
6 links fennel pork sausage (about 3/4 pound)
1 large eggplant (about 1 1/2 pounds), cut into 1-inch pieces
1 large onion, chopped
3 garlic cloves, chopped
1 large can (28 ounces) peeled whole tomatoes, preferably San Marzano
Leaves from 1 small bunch basil
1 pound rigatoni
1 pound fresh mozzarella
Freshly ground black pepper
1 cup freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano

Directions:
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat for the pasta. Get yourself a 9 by 13-inch glass or ceramic baking dish.
Heat a 2 count of olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the sausages and toss in the hot oil for 3 to 4 minutes, you want them nicely browned on the outside but still rare on the inside. Put the sausages in the baking dish.
Turn the heat down to medium. Add a generous 1/3 cup of oil to the skillet and get it hot. Add as many eggplant pieces as you can comfortably fit in a single layer and sprinkle well with salt. Cook, turning, for 7 to 8 minutes, until the eggplant is nice and browned, crisp on the outside and soft on the inside. Use a spatula to put the eggplant into the baking dish with the sausage. Cook the rest of the eggplant pieces, adding more oil to the pan, as needed, and putting the finished eggplant into the baking dish.
Add another 2 count of oil to the skillet, then your onion and garlic, and cook for 3 to 4 minutes, until translucent. Dump the whole can of tomatoes and their juices into a bowl and crush the tomatoes with your hands to break them up; add that to the pan with the basil and cook it down until pulpy and relatively thick. This will take about 15 minutes.
see notes for rest of instructions.....

Submitter: 
Gina Lee Lafreniere
Description: 
Tyler Florence
Recipe courtesy Tyler Florence
 
Show: Tyler's UltimateEpisode: Ultimate Rigatoni, Eggplant and Sausage
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
1 hr 15 min
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
