URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63714399/individual-chocolate-souffles/
Title:
Individual Chocolate Souffles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
5 Tbs.  Unsalted Butter, divided
8 Tbs.  Sugar, divided
3 Large Eggs, separated
1/4 cup. All-purpose Flour
1 cup Whole Milk
3 oz Bittersweet Chocolate, finely chopped
1/2 tsp Vanilla
Whipped cream, optional

Directions:
Position oven rackin bottom third of the oven.
Preheat oven 350
Butter insides of 4-5 ramekins, using 1 T of butter; make sure butter the tops of the rims. Use 1 T of sugar to dust inside of the ramekins including tops of rims.  Shake off excess and refigerate until needed.
Whisk together the egg yolks and 4 T of sugar in a medium mixing bowl; whisk until yolks are pale yellow in color. Whisk in flour, then set aside until needed.
Combine milk, chocolate, and 4 T of butter in a medium sauce pan over medium heat; cook stirring often, until the chocolate is melted completely and the mixture is smooth. Bring just to a boil.
Gradually whisk a 2-ounce ladleful of the hot milk mixture into the egg mixture, whisking until incorporated (tempering).  Add the remaining milk mixture, and stir to combine. Pour the tempered egg mixture back into sauce pan. Cook over medium heat, whisking constantly, until the mixture is the consistency of cake batter.  Remove from heat, whisk in the vanilla and set aside.
Place the egg whites in a stand mixer bowl and whisk on medium-low until frothy. Increase the speed to medium! And continue whisking until soft peaks form; with the mixer running gradually add 3 T of sugar. Increase the speed to medium-high; continue whisking until the whites are shiny and will hold a long soft peak when whisk is lifted.
Whisk 1/4 of the meringue into the chocolate mixture to lighten it, then, using a large spatula, carefully fold the chocolate mixture into the remaining meringue.
Spoon the souffle mixture into prepared ramekins; the ramekins should be filled to the rim.  run your index finger all the way around the inside perimeter to create a 1/2 inch border; this will help souffles rise properly.
Place the souffles in the oven, 15-17 mi

Submitter: 
Cindy
Description: 
Chocolate souffle in individual ramekins.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
37 m
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
