URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63725011/jans-dragon-and-pheonix/
Title:
Jan's Dragon and Pheonix Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1068628.jpg
Ingredients:
4 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breast
1/4 cup corn starch
1/2 cup egg whites
3 Scallions, thinly sliced
3 Tbsp. sesame oil for sauteing.
2 pounds of cooked shrimp cleaned and drained.(31-40 count bag)
4 cups steamed broccoli, crisp not soft.
Sauce:
2 Cups chicken stock
2 tsp salt
1/2 tsp dry ginger powder
3 tsp freshly ground pepper
4 red, dried, Cayenne peppers chopped or more if you like hot. (or substitute 2 teaspoons of crushed red pepper) more or less to taste as is very hot!
4 cloves garlic, minced
3/4 cup ketchup
1/2 cup orange juice
1/4 cup low sodium soy sauce
1/4 cup rice vinegar
1/4 cup Hoisin sauce
1/4 cup chili paste (this is very hot. Use to taste)
3/4 cup brown sugar
1/2 cup cornstarch
about 4 tablespoons of cold water
Cooked rice or Lo Mein noodles prepared as package directs and enough for 8 servings.

Directions:
Heat the oven to 400*
In a large bowl whip egg whites and cornstarch until well combined. Add chicken pieces and toss to coat well.
Remove chicken pieces, allow excess batter to drip off and place the chicken on a greased, foil lined baking sheet in a single layer, separating the pieces.  Spray the chicken pieces with Pam.  Bake approximately 15 minutes or until golden brown, turning once, and continue another 10 minutes for even browning.
Heat the wok with 3 Tablespoons of oil over medium to high heat. Add the chopped peppers and cook for 2 minutes or until soft. Add the garlic and cook for about one minute until slightly brown.
Add the sauce ingredients and bring to a boil.Cook for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.
Mix the 4 tablespoons of cold water with the cornstarch until creamy.  Add a small amount of water if necessary to finish blending. In small increments add the slurry to the hot sauce slowly.  Add until the sauce is very thick and can fully coat the chicken pieces.  You may wish to add more or not use all of the slurry. Remove from heat.
Add chicken to thickened sauce and let stand for 10 minutes to absorb the sauce.
Add broccoli and shrimp. Toss to coat and heat through. Approximately 2 minutes.
Serve over rice or Lo Mein noodles with Scallions sprinkled on top.

Submitter: 
What's for dinner, mom?
Description: 
My version of our favorite Chinese take out.   General Tso's Chicken with added shrimp = The Dragon and Phoenix.  Very spicy and sweet!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
