URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63729894/enchilada-casserole-mexican-lasagna/
Title:
Enchilada Casserole (Mexican Lasagna) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1035696.jpg
Ingredients:
3 lb. Roast (beef)
16 oz. Shredded Cheddar Cheese
1.5 pounds Queso Fresco cheese (twin pack)
2 Jalapenos
1 Packet dry Ranch Dressing Mix
1 Packet McCormick Au Jus Mix
2 Packets Taco Seasoning Mix
1 stick Butter
2 small cans of sliced Black Olives (optional)
1 dozen or more of Tostada shells
1 19 oz. can of Enchilada Sauce
3 tsp. corn starch (make a slurry)

Directions:
Place the roast in a crock pot (do not Add water).
Add Taco Mix, Au Jus mix and the Ranch Dressing mix.
Slice Jalapenos in half length wise and remove the seeds and vein, place on top of Roast.
Add 1 stick of butter.
Put crock pot on low for about 6-7 hours
After the roast has been cooked remove it from        crock pot and let it cool before shredding and chopping.
Take the Jalapenos and the juices and blend them together in a mixer.
Now take the shredded beef and juice you blended put it all in a large pot on the stove.
Add the can of Enchilada Sauce and the Corn Starch slurry to the pot and heat and stir until thickened.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
In a 9 x 13 casserole dish line the bottom of the dish with enough tostada shells to cover the bottom.
Take half of the beef mixture and layer it over the shells.
Take half of the Queso Fresco cheese and crumble it over the beef
Take half of the Cheddar cheese and layer it over the beef as well.
Take 1 can sliced olives (drained) and spread them on as well.
Next put a layer of Tostada shells covering everything you have already press them down slightly.
Next layer is the rest of the beef mixture.
Next is the rest of the Queso Fresco, crumbled.
Add the last can of Olives.
Finally top it off with the rest of the Cheddar Cheese.
Place prepared dish into oven for approximately 30 minutes or until the cheese has melted.
Remove from oven and let stand for 5 minutes before serving.
Can be served with Sour cream, shredded lettuce and salsa.

Submitter: 
Thor
Description: 
I have made this several times over the years for pot luck meal functions and it has been the first to go and have been asked for the recipe. This is the first time however I have used a slow cooker(crock pot) to prepare the beef. I usually used hamburger but decide shredded beef would be much better.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min.
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
