URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63724070/baked-manicotti-with-meat-sauce/
Title:
Baked Manicotti with Meat Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Meat Sauce
1 chopped onion
6 oz sliced deli pepperoni
1 LB 85% lean ground beef
1 TBS tomato paste
5 minced garlic cloves
1/4 tsp red pepper flakes
2 28 oz cans crushed tomatoes
salt and pepper
Manicotti
3 cups ricotta cheese
2 1/2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese
1 1/2 cups shredded provolone cheese
1 large egg, lightly beaten
1/2 tsp salt
1/2 tsp pepper
1/4 cup finely chopped fresh basil
16 no-boil lasagna noodles (Barilla brand has 16 noodles per box, other brands have only 12)

Directions:
Adjust oven rack to upper middle, heat to 375
1. Grind meat: Pulse pepperoni and onion in food processor until coarsely ground. Add beef and pulse until thoroughly combined.
2. Make Sauce: Transfer beef mixture to large saucepan, cook over medium heat breaking up clumps until no longer pink (about 5 minutes)Using a slotted spoon, transfer 1 cup of beef mixture to paper towel-lined plate and reserve. Add tomato paste, garlic, and pepper flakes to pot with remaining meat mixture and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir in tomatoes and simmer until sauce is slightly thickened, about 20 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. (At this point, sauce can be refrigerated in an airtight container for 3 days.)
3. Prepare filling: Combine ricotta, 2 cups mozzarella, 1 cup provolone, egg, salt, pepper, basil, and reserved meat mixture in large bowl.
Pour 2 quarts boiling water into 13 X 19 inch baking dish. Soak noodles until pliable, about 5 minutes. Drain noodles on kitchen towel. Pour off water and dry baking dish.
4. Assemble Dish: Spread 1/2 meat sauce over bottom of baking dish. Top each noodle with 1/4 cup cheese filling, roll and arrange, seam side down, over sauce in baking dish. Spread remaining sauce over manicotti. Cover with foil and bake until bubbling around edges, about 40 minutes. Remove foil and sprinkle with remaining mozzarella and provolone. Bake until cheese is melted, about 5 minutes. Let cool 15 minutes. Serve.

Submitter: 
Soccercoach
Description: 
Found this one in Cook's country and I like it a lot.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
