URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63725086/jans-sausage-pasta-with-wine-sauce/
Title:
Jan's Sausage Pasta With Wine Sauce. Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1055466.jpg
Ingredients:
¼ cup olive oil
4 garlic cloves, peeled and chopped
1 lb. Italian sausage, hot or sweet, cut into bite-size pieces
4 cups broccoli rabe or Andy Boy broccoli chopped
1/2 cup butter
1 cup white wine
1 medium onion diced
salt and pepper to taste
1 tablespoon minced fresh basil
1/2 tablespoon minced fresh oregano
1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley
(OR---if you don't have fresh you may substitute 3 teaspoons dry Italian seasoning)
1 lb.cooked penne pasta with 1 cup water reserved after cooking.
1 cup grape tomatoes sliced in half
1/2 cup (or more) Freshly grated Romano cheese
Crushed red pepper (optional)

Directions:
Cook the pasta in rapidly boiling salted water until al dente. Drain but reserve 1 cup water. Set pasta aside.  Place pasta in a large serving bowl (that will hold all ingredients when completed) and set aside.
Steam broccoli until tender and still crisp.  Add to the pasta and set aside.
Meanwhile, Heat oil and onion in a large fry pan over medium heat. Cook until translucent, add garlic.  Cook until garlic begins to turn a golden brown. Remove onion and garlic from oil and set aside.
Add the sliced sausages to the fry pan and cook until meat is cooked through and they caramelize in the pan.
To the sausages add the pasta water, butter, wine, salt and pepper to taste. Add the cooked onion and garlic back in. Raise heat and cook until sauce is hot and thickens slightly.
Add the sausage mixture to the pasta bowl and toss to coat evenly. Add tomatoes and toss to mix.
Sprinkle with Romano cheese and crushed red pepper.
Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
What's for dinner, mom?
Description: 
A tasty meal of sausage, broccoli and pasta in a delicious wine and butter sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
