URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63724810/paella-in-paella-pan/
Title:
Paella (in paella pan) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups uncooked Spanish paella rice
4 cup chicken stock
20 saffron strands (a nice pinch)
3/4 cup olive oil, to cover the bottom of the pan
4 pieces chicken, such as a thighs
4 soft chorizo sausage, Spanish or Cuban style, (not Mexican style)
2 teaspoon Spanish sweet paprika
4 garlic clove, minced
1 cup chopped onion
1/2 cup grated Roma tomatoes (cut in half, grate & discard the skin)
8 prawns, deveined, shelled with tails on
8-16 small clams, cleaned & rinsed
8-16 small mussels, cleaned & rinsed
3 red peppers, cut in strips (piquillo or sweet bell)
10 oz peas (fresh or frozen)
6-8 lemon wedges, as garnish
1/2 cup chopped Italian parsley, as garnish
1 loaf baguette or other crusty bread, sliced
salt & pepper to taste

Directions:
Heat stock in a separate stock pot. Crush saffron and add it to the stock.
Heat paella pan over medium heat, add olive oil and fry chicken until it begins to brown. Next add garlic and onions and cook until translucent. Add chorizo and cook until heated. Add the rice, stirring until well coated with oil. Add the paprika and grated tomato. Stir while cooking for a few minutes.
Add saffron flavored hot stock to paella pan. Bring to a boil while scraping the bottom of the pan. Now the rice should be level and you will not need to stir from this point on. Adjust heat to maintain a nice simmer. When the rice has absorbed a good amount of liquid but still has a soupy appearance add the mussels & clams. Once the rice is cooked add the prawns tucking them down into the rice, then the peppers and peas. During this time the rice should be carmelizing on the bottom of the pan or creating what is called the socarrat. It will make a faint crackling sound and smell toasty sweet but not burnt. Set aside to "rest" for 5-10 minutes.
Sprinkle with chopped parsley, garnish with lemon wedges and serve with sliced baguette bread to sop up juices. Enjoy!
You can also use an oven if you find that your pan is too large to cook on the stove top, even with occasionally moving the pan around on the burner(s). Begin your recipe on the stove top but after adding the liquid carefully move your paella pan into the oven (350-400 degrees). Once rice is done return it to the stove top to create the caramelized layer of rice on the bottom of the pan.

Submitter: 
MariaTheSoaper
Description: 
Have loved Paella since the first time I tried it while traveling through Spain at 17. Though I could never make it as great as my friend's mom in Madrid, this recipe (inspired by The Spanish Table in Seattle) comes so close! A favorite at our house for Sunday dinner and tastes all the better when made in a traditional paella pan (brought back in a suitcase, no less!). I hope you enjoy it as much as we do!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
