URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63731426/tennessee-lemon-blueberry-cake-the-best/
Title:
Tennessee Lemon-Blueberry Cake, the best! Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Cake:
3 cups flour
2 teaspoons baking powder
½ teaspoon salt
½ cup lemon juice
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
½ cup buttermilk
16 tablespoons (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature
2 cups sugar
2 teaspoons lemon zest
4 large eggs, room temperature
2 cups blueberries
Glaze:
2 cups powdered sugar
1 tablespoon buttermilk
2 to 4 tablespoons lemon juice

Directions:
Prep:
Preheat oven to 350.
Grease pan with additional melted butter; add a few tablespoons of flour and rotate pan to evenly coat, tapping out excess.  (or spray with non-stick spray)
Cake:
Sift 3 cups flour with baking powder and salt in a large bowl.
In a small bowl, combine lemon juice, vanilla and buttermilk.
In a second large bowl; beat butter, sugar and lemon zest until light and fluffy.
Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each egg.
Add about ¼ of the flour mixture, followed by about ¼ of the buttermilk mixture,
mixing just until incorporated.
Repeat; alternating dry and liquid ingredients, until batter is thoroughly combined.
Gently fold in blueberries.  Transfer to prepared pan and spreading evenly.
Bake until a tester inserted into center of cake comes out clean.  For rectangular glass baking pan; bake for 45 minutes.
Let cool 10 minutes in pan on wire rack.
Make Glaze:
Mix powdered sugar, buttermilk and 2 tablespoons lemon juice in a bowl, stirring until smooth.  Glaze should be pourable; if it’s too thick, add lemon juice, one teaspoon at a time, until it reaches desired consistency.  Pour half of glaze over warm cake.  Let cool for 1 hour, then pour remaining glaze over cake.  Serve.

Submitter: 
Sue's recipes
Description: 
I got this recipe from a friend Dee in Tennessee.  She makes it in a 9 x 13 glass cake pan.  It's the best!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
