URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63732464/meat-sauce-garbage-plate-hot-dog-style/
Title:
Meat  Sauce (Garbage Plate, Hot Dog style) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1036423.jpg
Ingredients:
1 medium Sweet onion (Like Vidalia, or if you are lucky at a farmers market use a Candy Onion) diced
1 Tbsp oil
1 pound ground beef
¼ pound Breakfast Sausage (Jimmy Dean or good equivalent)
1 1/2 cups water (Reserve ½ cup)
1 small 8oz can of tomato paste
2 Tbsp brown sugar
2 cloves medium garlic or 1 large, finely chopped
¾ Tbsp Kosher salt to taste while cooking
1 tsp fresh crushed black pepper
1 or 2 tsp cayenne pepper (if you want heat)
1 tsp Red Chili Flakes if you want more heat
1 Tbsp chili powder
1/2 tsp ground cumin
1 large Bay Leaf (Make sure it gets deep into the meat and always stays below the meat)
About 1/2 Tbsp ground cloves (I like to grind my own whole cloves in a mortar pestle)

Directions:
Heat large 14” - 16" skillet (with lid if you have one) preferably cast iron until medium high hot. Place your hand over it. Count to 4. If it feels real warm (ouch!) now add your oil. Then add your onions. Begin immediately to stir those onions for about a minute...
Add finely chopped Garlic. Keep stirring until onions and garlic are glossy. NOT burned!  About another minute or so. ( If you burn the onions and garlic, start over and wipe out the pan.)
Turn up heat a little. Add entire pound of ground beef and sausage. Break it all up and continue to brown and stir in the onions and garlic.
Once meat is browned, but still a little red in the middle stop. Drain off meat fat except a tbsp. or 2. Turn down heat to medium.
Add tomato paste and 1 cup of water. Slowly stir in ‘till mixed. Use medium heat to bring it all back to a low boil.
Add all spices and slowly combine thoroughly.
Turn heat on lowest setting. Cover and cook for an hour. Stir every 10-15 min completely.
Remove Bay Leaf
To finish the sauce add last ½ cup of water, use an immersion blender (or traditional blender) flat on the pan and  slowly pulse all around the meat to grind the meat into a fine grind.
Cook an additional 15 min uncovered on medium low..
You are done! Enjoy over hotdogs, burgers or any meat you would like to add a kick to.
You can freeze this sauce in small containers and heat up later for use.
Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Chef Jeff
Description: 
This is a classic hot meat sauce used in Western NY over hot dogs, hamburgers, and on garbage plates. Make a plate of pasta and add a scoop or 2 of this sauce. I guarantee your taste buds will take off!! This is the real deal. Nick Tahoe's style.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
