URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63732771/rich-chicken-broth/
Title:
Rich Chicken Broth Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1036789.jpg
Ingredients:
1	whole frying hen
2	large carrots, scrubbed with a vegetable brush and cut in half
2	large ribs Celery, scrubbed with a vegetable brush and cut in half
1	large onion cut into quarters
3 	large cloves garlic, peeled and smashed
1	teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
3 	6 inch long sprigs of fresh thyme
3	6 inch long sprigs of rosemary
4	large fresh sage leaves
2	teaspoons better than bouillon lower sodium chicken base
16 	cups of water or enough to just cover the chicken by about ½ an inch
1	Bouquet Garni bag

Directions:
1.	In a large stock pot add celery, onion carrot and garlic.  Making sure the garlic is not on the bottom of the pan.  Lay chicken on top of the vegetables, then gently pour water over chicken and vegetables.  Until chicken is just covered with the water.  Add pepper, chicken base, and herbs in the bouquet garni bag.  This is to keep them the herbs from breaking up and being more difficult to remove from the finished broth.
2.	Cover pot and simmer 1 ½ to 2 hours or until chicken is falling apart.  Remove chicken to a large shallow bowl to cool.  Strain the broth into a very large bowl.  Removing all vegetables, garlic and bouquet garni bag.  Option for Low Fat broth is to use a fat separater at this point pouring or ladeling strained broth into a fat separating Measure and pouring into containers for preserving.  Or you can at this point just put into containers and cool, when cool enough put into the refrigerator and leave until the next day then reopen each container and scrape off the solid fat on the top before using or freezing.

Submitter: 
Semigourmet
Description: 
Rich wonderful herb infused Homemade chicken broth is a staple.  You won't go back to store bought.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
