URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63737886/dark-chocolate-candied-bacon-cupcakes/
Title:
Dark Chocolate & Candied Bacon Cupcakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1037719.jpg
Ingredients:
Candied Bacon:
1# package of bacon-minus about 5slices
1c. sugar
1c. cocoa powder or chocolate powder drinks mix- I used Nestle Quick
Cake:
5 slices of bacon
1 cup dark chocolate chips
2 cups sugar
1-3/4 cups all-purpose flour
3/4 cup Dark Cocoa Powder
1-1/2 teaspoons baking powder
1-1/2 teaspoons baking soda
1 teaspoon sea salt
2 eggs
1 cup almond milk
1/2 cup bacon grease- reserved from cooking bacon in the pan
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 cup boiling water
Icing:
1 cup dark chocolate chips
½ cup almond milk
½ Stick of butter- room temperature
Caramelized drippings from candied bacon

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350°.
Candied Bacon: Mix sugar and chocolate powder in a small bowl
Cut each bacon slice into 3 pieces
Coat each piece of bacon heavily with the sugar mixture.
Lay coated bacon on rack on top of pan.
Place into oven to bake.
After 20-30 minutes flip over bacon slices and sprinkle with a little more of the sugar mixture. Bake for about 15-20 more minutes, until bacon starts to get crispy.
Set aside, but save caramelized drippings of bacon grease and sugar, which will be used later.
Cake: Fry bacon in a pan until crispy, then crumble and set aside but keep grease in pan.
Mix sugar, flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda, sea salt.
Next, mix in eggs, vanilla, milk, cooled bacon grease, crumbled bacon, and chocolate chips.
Now stir in the boiling water.  The batter will be very thin, but do not panic, that is how it should be.
Fill your cupcake pan or liners.
Bake in the oven for about 30 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the cupcake comes out clean. (test more than one spot to make sure you are not seeing melted chocolate chip on the toothpick instead of raw cake batter.)
Remove from oven and cool.  I like to put them into the freezer for a while so they will cool quicker, and it seems to help them hold in the moisture better.
Icing: Slightly warm chocolate chips in microwave, then place into a bowl.
Heat milk up in pan that bacon was fried.
When it is hot, add into bowl with  chocolate chips.
Mix together.
Scrape caramelized drippings into bowl.
Add butter.
Mix until smooth.
Scoop into pastry bag, and chill for about a ½ hour-1 hour for it to set.
Top each iced cupcake with the candied bacon.
Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Ms. Mimzy
Description: 
How can you go wrong with a recipe that has two loved ingredients...chocolate and bacon.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2-2.5 h
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
