URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63744626/caramelized-shallot-meatloaf-muffins/
Title:
Caramelized Shallot Meatloaf Muffins Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1039309.jpg
Ingredients:
• 7 medium sized shallots, thinly sliced
• 1 pound ground beef
• 1/2 pound ground pork
• 1 large egg
• 2 cloves garlic, minced
• 1/2 cup gluten free plain breadcrumbs, your favorite breadcrumbs or almond meal
• 2 teaspoons parsley
• 1 teaspoon sea salt
• 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
• Olive oil or Cooking spray
• 2 teaspoon unsalted butter

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Take a large sauté pan over medium heat and add in butter and 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Once the butter starts to bubble add in shallots. Let cook until they are fully caramelized. About 25 minutes. Stir often using thongs.
Take about about 1/4 cup of shallots and let cool. Leave remaining in the pan removed from the heat.
On a board dice up the shallots.
In a large bowl add in beef, pork, egg, garlic, breadcrumbs/almond meal, parsley, salt, pepper and diced up shallots. Mix well with a fork then if you want with your hands. (To me the hands are the best kitchen tools).
Take Muffin tins and either brush with olive oil or coat with spray.
Divide mixture among 6 large muffin tins or 12 medium size. Top each with caramelized shallots.
Place muffin tin on a large baking sheet. (this just prevents from any grease making a mess of your oven. Lightly cover the muffin tin (just place foil on top but do not seal – I did it so the shallots would not burn) and bake for 20 minutes, remove foil and bake for an additional 15 minutes.
Remove and let sit for 5 minutes then enjoy!

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
I decided to make this delicious caramelized shallot meatloaf muffins as individual servings. This way I can freeze the leftovers and just take out one at a time to enjoy later. You can also form this meatloaf on a baking sheet or use a loaf pan. As a bigger meatloaf I would bake for 45-55 minutes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
