URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63749472/scott-peacock-buttermilk-biscuits-alice-waters-in-the-green-kitchen/
Title:
Scott Peacock Buttermilk Biscuits (Alice Waters, In the Green Kitchen) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
5 cups unbleached, all purpose flour
1 T plus 1 1/2 teaspoons homemade baking powder
1 T kosher salt
1/2 cup plus 2 T cold, good-quality lard or unsalted butter
1 3/4 cup to 2 cups buttermilk
3 T unsalted butter, melted
According to Scott, a biscuit should be crusty and golden brown on the top, with an interior that is soft, light, and tender.

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 500°F. Put the flour, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl, and blend thoroughly.
Add the lard or butter (cut into pieces), and working quickly, lightly rub the lard and flour together with your fingertips until about half the lard is coarsely blended and the other half remains in large pieces about ½ inch in diameter.
Make a well in the flour mixture and pour in 1¾ cups buttermilk. Stir briefly, just until the dough is blended and begins to form a mass. The dough should be soft and a bit sticky and there should not be large amounts of unincorporated flour in the bowl. If the dough is too dry, add a few tablespoons more buttermilk.
Turn the dough onto a generously floured surface, and with floured hands, knead briskly 8 to 10 times until a cohesive dough is formed. Gently flatten the dough to an even thickness, and using a floured rolling pin, roll it out to a uniform thickness of ½ inch.
With a floured dinner fork, pierce the dough completely through at ½-inch intervals. Lightly flour a 2½- or 3-inch biscuit cutter and stamp out rounds. Avoid twisting the cutter as you stamp, and cut the biscuits as close together as possible for maximum yield.
6. Arrange the biscuits on an ungreased or parchment-lined heavy baking sheet so that they almost touch. Don’t reroll the scraps, just bake them as is and enjoy as a treat. Bake in the upper third of the oven for 8 to 12 minutes, until a crusty golden brown. If necessary, rotate the pan during the baking for even cooking. Remove from the oven, brush with the melted butter, and serve hot.

Submitter: 
LauraDickenson
Description: 
First tried this recipe in August, 2013.  Just starting my good food journey.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30-40 m
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
