URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63741221/chicken-cacciatore/
Title:
Chicken Cacciatore Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1038600.jpg
Ingredients:
24 skinless, boneless chicken thighs split in two
Salt and freshly ground peppe
rBrown Rice Flour, for dusting
1 cup extra-virgin olive oil
Vegetable Oil for Pan Frying
2 full bulbs of garlic cloves, halved lengthwise and lightly smashed
4 large basil sprigs, cleaned and destemmed
2 cups chicken stock
1/2 a fresh lemon juiced
1-1/2 jars of roasted piquillo peppers, sliced 12oz
Apple Wood Smoked Sea Salt
Merlot Sea Salt
1 - #10 Can of whole San Marzano Tomatoes Strained from Puree then Sliced
4 oz Capers
1 - 8 oz jar of Marinated Artichoke Hearts Diced

Directions:
Sauce can be made ahead except for last step. Add the garlic and olive oil to a large flat and deep pan. Cook for about 10 minutes at a medium heat, until the garlic is soft and lightly caramelized. Add basil and wilt. Immediately add diced tomatoes and simmer until tomatoes just start to break down. Add Capers, Diced Artichoke Hearts, and Peppers. Turn down heat to just keep sauce warm. Add a dash of smoked salt, and Merlot salt to taste.Season the chicken with salt and pepper and dust with rice flour. In a large skillet, heat the oil until shimmering. Add the chicken and cook over high heat, turning once, until browned and crusty on both sides, about 10 minutes. In a 14 in pan this is 3 batches. Scrape away larger bits and set aside adding more oil as needed.Add the stock to the skillet after cooking the chicken and add back all bits. Cook over high heat, scraping up any browned bits, until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Mix in lemon juice and then add mixture into the sauce.Plate the chicken to a platter and ladle sauce over the chicken and serve.

Submitter: 
mcgerm
Description: 
This recipe is from my family's long gone old restaurant.  It is still in those proportions but ok for a large Italian family meal.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 hr
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
30
Nutritional Facts:
NA
