URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63744558/blue-cheese-and-honey-souffle/
Title:
Blue Cheese and Honey Soufflé Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1039292.jpg
Ingredients:
• 3 tablespoons unsalted butter
• 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour or GF all-purpose flour
• 1 cup warm milk
• 1/2 teaspoon sea salt
• 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
• 5 large eggs, divided
• 3 tablespoons organic honey
• 1/2 cup blue cheese, broken apart or crumbled
• 1/8 teaspoon cream of tartar
• Cooking spray or 1 tablespoon melted butter

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400°F.
Coat the inside of an 8-cup soufflé dish with cooking spray or melted butter.
I am small sauce pot over medium-low heat add butter to melt. Using a wooden spoon, stir in the flour and cook, stirring constantly, for 1-2 minutes. Move away from heat then whisk in warm milk, salt and pepper. Reduce heat to low low heat and whisk constantly until mixture becomes thick. About 1-2 minutes.
Remove from heat and one at a time whisk in the egg yolks, honey then add in blue cheese and combine well.
In a medium mixing bowl add egg whites and cream of tarter. Mix using electric mixer until eggs become glossy and you see stiff peaks.
Slowly fold the egg whites using a spatula into the cheese mixture until all combined. Pour into your prepared soufflé dish. Using your spatula draw a circle around the soufflé. This will ensure that it rises evenly.
Bake for 28 minutes and do not open the oven. When done the top will be nice and brown!
Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
This blue cheese and honey soufflé was amazing! My husband loves blue cheese and we were having company for dinner and I want to add something else to our steak dinner. I decided an hour before our guests were arriving to make this soufflé and it was a huge hit. Everyone put it on their salad plate with their salad (I added blue cheese to the salad too).
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
