URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63744605/buffalo-chicken-frittata-or-egg-cups/
Title:
Buffalo Chicken Frittata (or egg cups) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1039307.jpg
Ingredients:
Ingredients for Chicken
• 1/2 pound boneless chicken breast, cut into cubes
• 1/2 teaspoon sea salt
• 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
• 2 tablespoons buffalo wing sauce
• 2 teaspoons olive oil
Ingredients for Egg Mixture
• 8 large eggs
• 2 tablespoons water
• 1 tablespoon and 1 teaspoon buffalo wing sauce
• 1/2 teaspoon sea salt
• 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
• 2-3 scallions, sliced
• 2 tablespoons gorgonzola, optional
• Olive oil or Cooking spray

Directions:
In a medium bowl add cubed chicken, salt, pepper and wing sauce. Coat chicken well.
In a 10 inch non-stick oven safe sauté pan set over medium heat. Once heated add in chicken and let cook for about 7 minutes; turning often. Take off heat and let cool. Once cook shred.
In a medium bowl add the eggs and whisk. Continue whisking and add in the remaining ingredients. Add in chicken.
Clean and wipe down the same pan and set temperature to medium heat. Once heated add in olive oil or coat with cooking spray.
Preheat broiler.
Add the entire egg and chicken mixture into the pan and let cook until the bottom starts to brown (about 3 minutes). Take a rubber spatula and run between the pan and frittata and loosen up a little from the pan.
Add to the oven and broil for 3 minutes or until the top begins to brown.. (NOTE**Do not walk away from the oven. You want to keep an eye on the broiler).
Take out of the oven (using mits) and let cool for a minutes then using the same rubber spatula loosen and move to a board to cut and serve!

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
I was at the grocery store and found myself stopping at Buffalo Wing Sauce (I used an all natural) and immediately thought about making a Frittata. Immediately walking to the meat I just asked for a small double breast of boneless chicken. (Mine was actually .60). 
You may notice that I make frittata’s often. Yes – I do. You can be extremely creative and best part everything is done in one pan. I like easy clean up. You can also make this in muffin tins – just use a parchment paper liner. They seem to work best!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
