URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63749821/chicken-and-sausage-in-parmesan-sauce-with-rotoni-pasta/
Title:
Chicken and Sausage in Parmesan Sauce with Rotoni Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1-2 Links - Bobaks Jalapeno / Cheddar Sausage
3 Breasts - Tyson precooked, Grilled Chicken
3 slices - Kraft Queso Cheese
4 Slices - Kraft American Cheese
1/2 cup - Half / Half Cream
1/4 cup - Skim Milk
1 stick - Butter
1/2 cup - Parmesan Cheese
2 tbsp - Garlic - Minced
3 tbsp - Red Onion Diced / Minced
2 baby sweet bell peppers, chopped.
2 cup (uncooked) - Tri-Color Rotoni Pasta
Salt & Pepper to taste

Directions:
PREP:
Cook pasta to desired tenderness - Set aside.
Slice Sausage into medallions
Defrost and chop chicken
Chop Red or Yellow Mini-Bell Peppers
Mince (or use jarred minced) Garlic
Mince Red Onion.
PREP SAUCE:
MED HEAT. In a saucepan, combine cream, skim milk, ½ stick of butter, 1 tsp. Garlic, 2 tsp. Onion, 2 Slices of Queso and American Cheese stir frequently and heat till everything is combined and cheeses are melted.  Take ½ cup of Parmesan Cheese and add to mixture 1 TBSP AT A TIME.  DO NOT ADD TO  MUCH AT A TIME OR IT WILL CLUMP. Stir the cheeses until the parmesan is melted, add the next tbsp. Repeat until ½ cup is added.
You may add additional slices if desired.
MAIN DISH:
MED/HI HEAT.  In a frying pan, melt 1 tsp. butter, add 1 tsp. Garlic 1 tsp. onion, cook to allow butter to absorb flavors. Enjoy the aroma (Required) add Sausage, brown to desired.
Add Chicken, brown to desired color.
Add Bell Peppers.
Mix all ingredients until coated with juices.
Add cooked pasta and blend.
Reduce heat, top with cheese sauce.  Save remaining sauce to top as desired.
Mixture should thicken as it cools making for a nice creamy sauce.
Salt and Pepper to taste.

Submitter: 
Dave Niezabitowski Sr.
Description: 
A mildly spicy dish with a wonderful combination of flavors. A combination of Cheddar Jalapeno Sausage and Chicken in cheese sauce makes the perfect topping with the pasta.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
