URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63742716/homemade-pasta/
Title:
Homemade Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1075513.jpg
Ingredients:
4	cups flour plus more to spread on newspaper to keep from sticking
4	eggs
1/8	teaspoon salt
Newspaper

Directions:
In a medium sized bowl stir together flour and salt.  Make a well in center of flour mixture and add eggs.  With a fork break the yolks in the eggs.  With very small circular motion, start mixing the eggs in the flour well.   And turn the bowl as you do. As you are mixing the eggs you will rub the sides of the well adding flour to the eggs.  Keep mixing until it is very sticky and starts to separate (as if it will not mix anymore flour without coming apart).  Turn out onto a floured surface and knead as much flour into the dough to make it a nice dry dough.  Let rest for about 5 to 10 minutes.
Break into equal sized balls (about the size of one and a half golf balls
Flatten each ball slightly between your hands.  Lay out on a cutting board or other surface that is at least 14 t o15 inch wide.  roll each ball out as thin as you can get it without tearing it.  Turning over frequently and flouring as you go to keep it from sticking to the board and the rolling pin.  Once thin enough; move to newspaper and lay flat to let dry.  They will be very fragile a this point, so fold into quarters to transfer.  Check in about 30 minutes for dryness, when the top is dry (not sticky) turn them over, and move them to a dry spot if possible on the newspaper so that the bottom side gets more air to dry.
when they are dry enough to stack and roll without sticking but still moist enough to roll without breaking up.  Stack the rolled out pasta dough as neatly as possible.  Roll up jelly roll style and with a sharp knife slice the noodle dough into the size noodles you prefer.  After slicing separate the individual noodles and spread them back out on the newspaper to dry completely.  When they are dry and close to crispy the are dry enough.

Submitter: 
Semigourmet
Description: 
Rich delicate fresh homemade pasta!  Need I say more?
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 mintes
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
