URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63746494/candy-mans-billion-dollar-candy-bar/
Title:
Candy Man’s Billion Dollar Candy Bar Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Bottom  Chocolate Layer:
1 cup milk chocolate chips (or half semi-sweet)
1/3 cup butterscotch chips
1/3 cup peanut butter
Nougat Layer:
4 tablespoons butter
3/4 cup sugar
1/4 cup light brown sugar
1/4 cup evaporated milk
1-1/2 cups marshmallow creme
1/3 cup peanut butter
1-1/2 cups chopped salted peanuts (optional)
Caramel Layer:
1 (14-ounce package) caramel candy
1/4 cup cream
1 tablespoon butter
Top Chocolate Layer:
1 cup milk chocolate chips (or half semi-sweet)
1/3 cup butterscotch chips
1/3 cup creamy peanut butter

Directions:
Bottom Layer:
Melt milk chocolate chips, butterscotch chips and peanut butter in a pan over low heat; stirring constantly. Pour mixture into a 9 x 13? baking pan lightly coated with nonstick spray or lined with plastic wrap which is long enough to drape over sides of the pan. Spread mixture and place in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.
Nougat Layer:
Melt butter over medium heat in pan; add sugars and evaporated milk; bring to a boil, and cook additional 5 minutes while stirring. Remove from the heat and add marshmallow creme and peanut butter. Pour over the bottom layer and gently spread mixture. If you use peanuts, scatter across the top. Place in the refrigerator for 15 - 30 minutes.
Caramel Layer:
Place the unwrapped caramel candy, butter, and cream in a medium saucepan. Place over low heat and stir until the mixture has completely melted and is smooth. Pour in the pan and quickly spread over nougat layer.  Place in the refrigerator for 15 - 30 minutes.
Top Chocolate Layer:
Melt milk chocolate chips, butterscotch chips, and peanut butter in a pan over low heat, stirring consistently. Pour over the caramel layer and spread. Place in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour before cutting into squares. Store in an air-tight container.

Submitter: 
duboo
Description: 
From a blog:  The gentleman who gave me this recipe told me he’d been making candy for over 45 years and this was the Billion Dollar Bar as far as he was concerned. He’d made divinity, all sorts of fudge, tempered chocolate, spun sugar, and pulled taffy, but this is his favorite.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
