URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63741757/my-baked-ziti/
Title:
My Baked Ziti Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Meat sauce layer:
1 lb ground beef or ground sausage (or mix the two)
Salt and pepper to taste
1 Tbsp minced garlic from jar
Approx. 2/3 cup chopped onion (if desired)
2 jars pasta red sauce (Bertolli or Classico is good - may mix "flavors," such as "tomato basil" and "garlic herb"
1&1/2 tsp dried oregano
1&1/2 tsp dried basil
(or 3 tsp Italian seasoning mix)
1 Tbsp olive oil
Pasta layer:
1 lb ziti pasta
Drizzle of olive oil
Ricotta layer:
15 oz container part-skim ricotta cheese
1 large egg
2 Tbsp fresh parsley, chopped (if you have it)
Cheese layer:
3 to 4 cups shredded Italian cheese blend (preferable) or shredded Mozzarella
Approx. 8 ozs sliced Provolone cheese
1/2 c grated or shredded Paremesan (could use shaker kind from canister or none at all if you don't want to)

Directions:
Simmer sauce over low to medium-low heat with the tablespoon of olive oil and dried basil and oregano while pasta and meat are cooking. Best to simmer for at least 30 minutes if possible. Stir to avoid scalding.
Boil pasta until al dente. (slightly firm) Drain. Drizzle with olive oil and stir to separate.
Brown meat with garlic (and onion if desired) over medium-high heat. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Add meat to sauce while sauce is simmering.
Beat egg. Mix in ricotta cheese and 2 Tbsp parsley.
Spray 13x9 dish (or maybe 2, 8x8 dishes) with cooking spray. Spread a small amount of sauce mixture on bottom. Proceed to layer: Pasta, Meat sauce, Shredded Cheese, Sliced Provolone, Ricotta, Pasta, Meat sauce, Shredded Cheese, Sliced Provolone, Ricotta. Finish the top with a sauce layer and Shredded Cheese. Sprinkle with Parmesan. (Might be easier to only have 1 layer of Ricotta if it's difficult to spread.)
Bake at 350 (uncovered) for 30 minutes.

Submitter: 
Jennifer Lynn Sullivan
Description: 
The way I typically make Baked Ziti!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
