URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63747536/patty-melts/
Title:
Patty Melts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 stick of butter - 1/2 cup
1 whole Large Onion, Halved And Sliced
1 1/2 pounds lean Ground Beef
a few good shakes of garlic powder
Salt And ground Pepper, to taste
a few dashes Worcestershire Sauce
8 slices Swiss Cheese
8 slices Rye Bread

Directions:
In a medium skillet, melt 2 tablespoons of butter over medium-low heat, add in the sliced onions and cook slowly for about 25 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the onions are soft and golden brown. Once done set pan aside.
While the onions are cooking, mix together in a bowl the ground beef, garlic powder salt & pepper, and Worcestershire sauce and form into four even patties.
In a separate large skillet or griddle pan melt 2 tablespoons butter over medium heat and cook the burger patties on both sides until just barely pink in the middle for medium, or all brown for medium well burgers. Remove burgers to plate and wipe your griddle or skillet clean with a paper towel.
Assemble your burgers by placing one slice of cheese on a bread slice, then the burger, top with a fourth of the onions, another slice of cheese and top with the other slice of bread.
Over medium heat, melt two more tablespoons of butter on your wiped cleaned griddle/skillet. Spread the melted butter around and return the sandwiches to the griddle and cook on one side until nice and golden crispy brown, remove burgers to plate and melt the last of the butter and return the sandwiches to cook the other side until golden brown and cheese is melted.
Slice your sandwiches in half and serve while nice and hot. Dill pickle slice goes great with this.

Submitter: 
*Sherri*
Description: 
Back when I worked in downtown Orlando there was a little Mom and Pop sandwich shop that made the best Patty Melts. I would treat myself to one every payday. They aren't healthy but sure are good. Just grilled burger and onions on rye bread with melted Swiss cheese. The chef would make it right on the same grill all in front of you while you waited.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 min.
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
