URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63749495/no-knead-bread-makes-one-10-inch-round-loaf/
Title:
NO-KNEAD BREAD  MAKES ONE 10-INCH ROUND LOAF Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 cups unbleached bread flour
½ teaspoon active dry yeast
1¼ teaspoons salt
1? cups water
Olive oil
Extra flour, wheat bran, or cornmeal, for dusting
One 4½- to 5½-quart ovenproof heavy pot with a lid (Pyrex glass, cast iron, or earthenware)

Directions:
Mix all of the dry ingredients in a medium bowl. Add the water, and mix by hand or with a wooden spoon for 30 seconds to 1 minute, until you have a wet, sticky dough. If it is not very sticky to the touch, mix in 1 or 2 more tablespoons of water.
Cover the bowl with a plate or plastic wrap and let the dough rise for 12 to 18 hours at room temperature (approximately 72°F), until the surface is dotted with bubbles and the dough has more than doubled in size.
When the first rise is complete, generously dust a work surface with flour. Use a bowl scraper or rubber spatula to scrape the dough onto the surface in one piece. As the dough pulls away from the bowl, it will cling in long, thin strands (this is the developed gluten), and it will be quite loose and sticky; do not add more flour.
Use lightly floured hands, a bowl scraper, or a spatula to lift the edges of the dough in toward the center. Tuck in the edges of the dough to make it round. Generously coat a clean smooth cotton dish towel with flour, wheat bran, or cornmeal. Gently lift the dough and place it seam side down onto the towel, and lightly dust the dough with flour. Fold the ends of the towel loosely over the dough to cover it, and place it in a warm, draft-free spot to rise for 1 to 2 hours.
The dough is ready when it is almost doubled, and when you gently poke it with your finger, it holds the impression. If it doesn’t, let rise for another 15 minutes.

Submitter: 
LauraDickenson
Description: 
A crusty yeast-raised bread requires time and planning, but not necessarily more work, as Jim Lahey’s recipe proves. Long, slow rising (fermentation) is the secret to this flavorful loaf of country-style bread.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
d
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
