URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63750429/moms-macaroni-and-cheese/
Title:
Mom's Macaroni and Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb dried pasta (we like medium shells, as they hold on to the sauce)
6 Tbsp butter
6 Tbsp all-purpose flour
Salt to taste
Pepper to taste
1 Tbsp yellow mustard, or more to taste
A few shakes of hot pepper sauce
Approx. 4 1/4 cups of milk (may add a bit more if it seems too thick)
1 lb sharp Cheddar cheese, grated
2 Tbsp butter, melted
1/2 cup Panko breadcrumbs (you can use other breadcrumbs, but these are extra-crunchy)

Directions:
1. Cook pasta as per box directions, but subtract 2 minutes from the minimum cooking time (it will cook some more in the oven.) Set the oven to 350 degrees F.
2. Melt the 6 tablespoons of butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Stir in the flour and let cook for 2 minutes, stirring frequently. Add the salt, pepper, mustard, and hot pepper sauce; mix thoroughly.
3. A LITTLE BIT AT A TIME, whisk in the milk, mixing thoroughly until smooth- this is important, as it will help keep the sauce from lumping up. You can also heat the milk until very warm before adding (don't boil); this will also help avoid lumpy sauce. Heat at medium-high heat to a boil, while constantly stirring. Boil and stir for a minute or so, until sauce is thickened. Add the cheese in handfuls, stirring after each addition until completely melted. Remove from the heat and stir in the pasta.
4. Pour sauce and pasta into a greased 13x9 baking pan. Stir together the breadcrumbs and 2 tablespoons of butter; sprinkle evenly over the top. Bake for 30 minutes, until the dish is bubbling, and the breadcrumbs are lightly browned.

Submitter: 
Christine Westrom
Description: 
This is my basic go-to mac-n-cheese recipe. I play with it sometimes, but my family prefers it just like this. The mustard sounds weird, but it really amps up the sharpness of the Cheddar cheese. I usually add more mustard than this recipe calls for, but you might want to try it as printed before deciding.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
