URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63758763/eggplant-rollatini/
Title:
Eggplant Rollatini Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1042540.jpg
Ingredients:
• Olive Oil
• 1 large eggplant
• 1 package fresh baby spinach
• 2 garlic cloves, diced
• 2-3 large eggs
• 1 cup Italian bread crumbs
• 2 tablespoon of Italian seasoning (optional)
• Bunch of fresh basil
• 1 large fresh mozzarella ball or a handful of mini-balls
• 3 cups of marinara sauce
• Sea salt

Directions:
Preheat the broiler.
Coat a large baking sheet with olive oil cooking spray or lay aluminum foil then coat with olive oil.
Cut eggplant lengthwise into 1/4?-thick slices. Place on a platter and pat both sides with a paper towel then lightly sprinkle salt on both sides.
Using 2 large baking dishes. Add eggs and whisk to one dish and breadcrumbs to the other. Dip each eggplant in the eggs on both sides then the breadcrumbs and line on baking sheet. When done put in the broiler for 3-4 minutes on each side. Keep a close eye and do not leave the stove! You may need to do this in batches. Let sit on a platter to cool. When done reduce the oven to 350°F
In a large skillet add about a tablespoon of olive oil and garlic and spinach. Sauté until spinach has wilted.
Take your baking dish and coat the bottom with a light layer of sauce.
On a cutting board cut mozzarella cheese into slices.
To prepare the rollatini – take one eggplant and lay flat and starting from the wider side, add spinach, a basil leaf and a slice of mozzarella cheese. Gently roll and put in your prepared baking dish seam side down. Continue until finished.
Add sauce to cover the top and bake for 25 minutes.To serve add a rollatini on each plate and add a little more sauce and sprinkle fresh parmesan cheese!

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
Eggplant Rollatini makes a great appetizer, snack or main course to enjoy anytime!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
