URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63758926/homemade-ravioli-with-ricotta-cheese-and-spinach-filling/
Title:
Homemade Ravioli with Ricotta Cheese and Spinach Filling Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1042568.jpg
Ingredients:
Ravioli Ingredients
• 5 large eggs, room temperature (divided)
• 3 cups all-purpose flour, plus additional for dusting
• 3 tablespoons warm water
• 2 tablespoons olive oil
• 1 teaspoon sea salt
• 1/2 teaspoon sugar
Ricotta and Spinach Filling Ingredients
• 1 cup ricotta cheese, well drained
• 1/4 cup shredded mozzarella cheese (optional)
• 1/2 cup fresh baby spinach, chopped
• 1 teaspoon dried parsley
• 1 large egg

Directions:
In your sand mixer set in the fitted hook. Add 4 large eggs, 1 at a time, and set the mixer to low. Continue mixing and add all the flour, water, olive oil, salt, and sugar; continue mixing until it forms a ball. Sprinkle some flour on work surface, and knead the dough until elastic and smooth. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and let it rest for about 10 minutes to allow the gluten to relax.
Take glass bowl and coat with olive oil or cooking spray. Add the ball and cover with plastic wrap and a towel. Let sit for 30 minutes.
Add handful of flour on a clean work surface. Cut ball in quarters leaving what you are not using in the bowl covered with plastic.
Attach the attachment for sheet pasta to your sand mixer.
Form the dough into a rectangle and roll it through the pasta machine, starting at a larger setting and each time (for about 3 times) reduce to the most narrow setting.
Prepare the filling by combining all ingredients together. Whisk remaining egg to a small bowl and get out your pastry brush.
Move each piece to a board after lightly dusting.
Take a large baking sheet and line with parchment paper. Sprinkle a light layer of flour.
Brush egg wash around the entire edge of the sheet of dough. Add a teaspoon of filling along the bottom half of the sheet about 1 1/2 inches apart. Fold over to meet end to end. Take the ravioli cutter and roll to cut into squares. Roll all 4 edges and release and press your fingers around each ravioli to ensure they are completely sealed and place on your prepared baking sheet. Finish with the remaining dough!
When ready to enjoy boil water in a large pot. Add plenty of salt and add in ravioli. Cook until they float to the top. About 4 minutes. Drain and enjoy with your favorite sauce and grated parmesan cheese.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
I love making my own pasta and ravioli’s. I have the attachments for my kitchen aid and it works great. As a home chef it is all the equipment I need to make fresh pasta.
This is what I did to create this recipe. I happened to have fresh spinach in the house and decided to use it in the raviolis with ricotta ricotta cheese and I even added a little shredded mozzarella since I had about 1/2 cup left in the refrigerator. 
I even have one of those cute ravioli to give ridges that made me happy! You can use a knife but I love having fun kitchen gadgets. Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
60 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
