URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63754347/quinoa-cakes-with-salmon/
Title:
Quinoa Cakes with  Salmon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Quinoa Cakes with Smoked Salmon
•1 1/4 cups water
•3/4 cup quinoa
•8 ounces smoked wild Alaskan salmon, diced
•2 large eggs plus 1 large egg white, lightly beaten
•1/2 cup coarse dry breadcrumbs, preferably whole-wheat
•1/2 cup finely chopped scallions
•1/2 cup finely chopped fresh dill, plus small sprigs for garnish
•1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest
•1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
•6 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided
Lemon Sour Cream
•1 cup reduced-fat sour cream
•1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest
•1/2 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice

Directions:
1.Bring water and quinoa to a boil in a medium saucepan. Reduce heat to maintain a simmer, cover and cook until the water is absorbed, 10 to 15 minutes. Transfer the quinoa to a large bowl and spread out to cool, about 15 minutes.
2.To prepare lemon sour cream: Combine sour cream, lemon zest and lemon juice in a small bowl. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.
3.To prepare quinoa cakes: Add salmon, eggs, breadcrumbs, scallions, chopped dill, lemon zest and pepper to the quinoa. Using your hands, thoroughly combine and squeeze the mixture to bring it together. Using 2 rounded tablespoons of the mixture for each and keeping your hands damp, form 32 small cakes, about 3/4 inch thick and 2 inches wide, pressing firmly to help them hold together. Place the cakes on a large baking sheet and/or a large plate. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes (or up to 6 hours).
4.Heat 2 teaspoons oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers. Reduce heat to medium. Gently add about one-third of the cakes and cook, carefully turning once with a spatula, until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Repeat twice more, wiping out the pan between batches, if necessary, and reducing the heat if the pan gets too hot. Serve warm or at room temperature, garnished with 1 1/2 teaspoons each lemon sour cream and a sprig of dill, if desired.

Submitter: 
Gina Lee Lafreniere
Description: 
light and bursting with flavor. Even better, they're packed with nutrition. Quinoa provides a healthy dose of protein and fiber, while the addition of smoked salmon charges your system with omega-3 fatty acids. Gluten-free eaters can add this to their recipe repertoire by simply substituting the whole-wheat breadcrumbs with homemade coarse dry breadcrumbs made from gluten-free bread.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
60
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
