URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63759254/chunky-monkey-banana-cake/
Title:
Chunky Monkey Banana Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Sift together:
1 1/2 cup AP flour
1 1/2 cup cake flour
1 [3.4 oz] box instant banana cream pudding mix
1 Tbsp baking powder
1/2 tsp baking soda
1/2 tsp salt
Cream together:
1 cup [2 sticks] softened butter
1 3/4 cup sugar
4 large eggs
Whisk together:
1 1/4 cup buttermilk
2 tsp pure vanilla
Mix-in:
1 1/4 cup milk chocolate chips
1 3/4 cup chopped walnuts, toasted & divided
1 medium banana, cubed [approx. 3/4-1cup]
Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350°F.  Spread the walnuts in a single layer on a baking sheet.  Toast for 6-8 minutes, then cool completely.  Sift together the first 6 ingredients, and set aside.  In the bowl of a stand mixer, cream together the softened butter and sugar, until pale yellow and fluffy.  This will take around 3 minutes.  Add the eggs one at a time beating well after each addition.  Stop the mixer and scrape the sides of the bowl as needed.

Directions:
Whisk the vanilla into the buttermilk.  Add the sifted dry ingredients to the creamed mixture alternately with the buttermilk.  After all of the ingredients have been added, increase the mixer speed, and beat for 2 minutes until fully combined.  Stop to scrape the side of the bowl and the beater as needed.  By hand, mix in the chocolate chips, toasted walnuts and cubed banana into the batter.
Spray a standard bundt pan with baking spray, then spread the thick batter into the pan.  Bounce the pan on the counter a few times to remove the air bubbles.
Bake for 45-55 minutes, or until a tester inserted into the center comes back clean.  [tip: Oven temperatures vary, so, check the cake for doneness at 45 minutes]  Cover the top with aluminum foil to prevent over-browning, if needed.  Cool completely in the pan, then invert onto a cake plate.  Drizzle with chocolate ganache and sprinkle the top with toasted walnuts.  Yield:  12-16 pieces
Milk Chocolate Ganache:
3/4 cup milk chocolate chips
3 Tbsp heavy cream
Directions:
Melt the chocolate chips and heavy cream in a microwave safe dish.  Heat in 20 second increments stopping to stir each time.  Repeat until completely smooth.  Cool slightly then drizzle over the cake.

Submitter: 
Gina Lee Lafreniere
Description: 
This particular recipe was inspired by a famous ice cream flavor.  It turned into a made from scratch de-light!  A banana laced cake batter is filled with chunks of banana, milk chocolate chips and toasted walnuts.  I just had to drizzle it with a milk chocolate ganache and a sprinkling of toasted walnut pieces for the crowning touch.  Serve it with fresh whipped cream or a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  Then, go for a long walk....Melissa
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
85
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
