URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63756554/chocolate-creme-filled-cookies/
Title:
Chocolate Creme Filled Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1042388.jpg
Ingredients:
Chocolate wafer:
1/2 C. Butter
1 C. Granulated sugar
1 Egg
4 Tbsp. Cocoa
2 C. All purpose flour
1 1/2 tsp. Baking Powder
Icing:
1/2 C. Dark Chocolate, coarsely chopped
3 Tbsp. Granulated sugar
1/2 C. Cream cheese
1 tsp. Milk

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees Fahrenheit
Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper and set aside
In a small bowl blend flour and baking powder together. set aside
Combine butter and sugar together in a large bowl. With a pastry  blender cut the butter into small pieces and form a smooth paste with the sugar until no lumps of butter remain
Add egg to sugar mixture and stir until nice and creamy
Mix in cocoa and blend well to make a smooth cookie dough
Blend in flour and baking powder  a small amount at a time until dough can be formed into a ball
Refrigerate dough for 1/2 hr and then roll out to a 1/4 inch thickness on a lightly floured surface
Cut dough into rounds with a lid and place on parchment lined cookie sheet 2 inches apart
Bake in preheated oven for 10 minutes
Place on a wire rack to cool completely before icing
Icing:
In a small saucepan melt chopped chocolate with 3 Tbsp. of granulated sugar over medium heat.
Stir until chocolate is nicely melted and forms a smooth icing of spreadable consistency. Allow to cool
Add cooled icing to cream cheese and mix together in a large  bowl. Add milk to icing  and stir until all the cream cheese has melded with the chocolate and forms a smooth spreadable texture.
Put a small amount on the underside of one wafer and join together with another.  Place cookies in refrigerator to allow icing to set completely.

Submitter: 
Cheerios
Description: 
A chocolate lovers dream with two soft wafers with a velvety smooth layer of creamy chocolate in between layers.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
35
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
22
Nutritional Facts:
NA
