URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63752791/coconut-and-lemon-creme-filled-cookies/
Title:
Coconut and Lemon Creme Filled Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1041145.jpg
Ingredients:
Wafers:
1/2 C. Butter
1 C. Granulated sugar
1 Egg
1 tsp. Vanilla
2 C. All purpose flour
1 1/2 tsp. Baking Powder
Filling:
1/2 C. Cream cheese
Zest and juice of 1 lemon
3 C. Icing sugar
3/4 C. Medium shredded coconut

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees Fahrenheit
Spread parchment paper over a large cookie sheet and set aside
Mix butter and sugar together in a large mixing bowl. Using a pastry blender cut butter into small pieces and blend with the sugar to make a fine paste
Add egg and vanilla to mixture and combine well with a large spoon
Mix in flour and baking powder to make a soft dough and then refrigerate the dough for a half hour before rolling out on a floured surface
Roll out chilled dough on lightly floured surface to a half inch thickness
Using a 2 1/4 " round lid cut out rounds of dough and place on parchment lined  cookie sheet
Bake in preheated oven for 10 minutes until lightly browned
Remove from oven and allow to cool before removing from pan
Using a butter knife gently lift cookies up and place on wire rack to cool completely
Filling:
In a large bowl mix softened cream cheese and lemon zest together
Add icing sugar to mixture and stir until thoroughly combined
Mix in the shredded coconut and stir until mixture is of spreading consistency
Place a small amount of icing on the smooth underside of each wafer with a teaspoon and spread with a butter knife to smooth out on wafer
Place another wafer on top and store in refrigerator when cookies are iced to set the frosting.

Submitter: 
Cheerios
Description: 
A very crunchy biscuit with a coconut cream and lemon filling that would go well for an afternoon tea time.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
