URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63752623/double-crunch-honey-garlic-chicken-breasts/
Title:
Double Crunch Honey Garlic Chicken Breasts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 large boneless chicken breasts
2 cup flour
4 tsp salt
4 tsp black pepper
3 tbsp ground ginger
2 tbsp ground nutmeg
2 tsp ground thyme
2 tsp ground sage
2 tbsp paprika
1 tsp cayenne pepper
4 eggs
8 tbsp water
Honey Garlic Sauce Ingredients:
2 tbsp olive oil
3 – 4 cloves minced garlic
1 cup honey
¼ cup soya sauce (low sodium soya sauce is best)
1 tsp ground black pepper

Directions:
Place the chicken breasts between 2 sheets of plastic wrap and using a meat mallet, pound the meat to an even 1/2 inch thickness. Alternatively, you can slice the breasts by placing them flat on a cutting board and using a very sharp knife to slice them into halves horizontally.
Sift together dry ingredients.
Make an egg wash by whisking together eggs and water.
Season the chicken breasts with salt and pepper, then dip the meat in the flour and spice mixture. Dip the breast into the eggwash and then a final time into the flour and spice mix, pressing the mix into the meat to get good contact.
Heat a skillet on the stove with about a half inch of canola oil covering the bottom. You will want to carefully regulate the temperature here so that the chicken does not brown too quickly. The thinness of the breast meat practically guarantees that it will be fully cooked by the time the outside is browned. I find just below medium heat works well. I use a burner setting of about 4 1/2 out of 10 on the dial and fry them gently for about 4 or 5 minutes per side until golden brown and crispy.
Drain on a wire rack for a couple of minutes before dipping the cooked breasts into the Honey Garlic Sauce. Serve with noodles or rice.
Honey Garlic Sauce:
In a medium saucepan add Olive Oil and Garlic. Cook over medium heat to soften the garlic but do not let it brown.
Add remaining ingredients and simmer together for 5-10 minutes, remove from heat and allow to cool for a few minutes. Watch this carefully as it simmers because it can foam up over the pot very easily.

Submitter: 
Jeff Harrell
Description: 
YUM!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
30 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
