URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63750879/pina-colada-cupcakes-with-kiwi-frosting/
Title:
Pina Colada Cupcakes with Kiwi frosting Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
CAKE
1 cup evaporated cane juice
3 sticks softened unsalted butter (1 1/2 cups)
6 eggs, room temperature
2 tsp. vanilla extract
1 cup whole wheat flour (winter white wheat)
2 cups all purpose flour
1/2 tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. baking powder
3/4 tsp. salt
1 cup unsweetened coconut milk
1 cup unsweetened shredded coconut
15 oz. can crushed pineapple, drained (~1 cup)
FROSTING:
2 sticks softened unsalted butter (1 cup)
2 - 8 oz. packages cream cheese, softened
2 ripe kiwis, peeled
2 tsp. vanilla extract
2 pinches salt
10-12 cups powdered sugar

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line muffins tins with paper liners (about 32.)
With an electric mixer, beat the sugar and softened butter until extremely light and fluffy, 3-5 minutes. Don't rush this part!
With the mixer still running, slowly add the eggs to the creamed sugar mixture. Then beat in the vanilla.
In a separate bowl, mix the flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt.
Turn the mixer on low and alternate adding the dry mixture and the coconut milk to the mixing bowl until bowl are well combined. Scrape the bowl and add in the shredded coconut and crushed pineapple. Mix just enough to combine.
Using a 1/4 cup scoop, fill the liners 3/4 full. Bake for 17-25 minutes, until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean.
Cool completely before frosting.
FROSTING:
Place the peeled kiwis in the blender and puree until smooth.
With the electric mixer, beat the softened butter and cream cheese until fluffy. Make SURE they are both room temperature or you'll end up with clumpy frosting.
Add the kiwi, vanilla and salt. Then slowly add the powdered sugar. Continue adding the powdered sugar until you reach the desired consistency.
Frost and enjoy!

Submitter: 
Apron Appeal
Description: 
Pineapple, coconut, and kiwi make this dessert a perfect pairing for a poolside party.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
32
Nutritional Facts:
NA
