URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63759576/rustic-italian-roast-potatoes/
Title:
Rustic Italian Roast Potatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2215674.jpg
Ingredients:
3 Tbls. Olive oil
1 Tbls. Butter
6 Potatoes, (red skinned, Yukon or Russets)
1 Large Red onion
1 large head of garlic (or as many as you like)
2 Sprigs Rosemary
2 sprigs Thyme
1 tsp Fresh ground black pepper
Sea Salt to taste, (use only after roasting)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 450f degrees
Wash or peel potatoes and cut into wedges or 1 inch pieces. Cut potatoes into quarters, then cut each quarter in half or thirds depending on the size of potato.
Peel the onion and then cut in half, then cut each half in quarters.
Pull off the cloves of garlic, but do not peel, leave cloves whole.
Line a large baking sheet with foil. Place olive oil and butter on the sheet pan and place it in the oven until butter melts, approx. 5 minutes.
Pull rosemary and thyme leaves off the stems and chop them a few times. Leaving them in fairly big pieces. Alternatively you can leave them whole and rub them in your hands to release the oils.
Place potatoes, onions and garlic onto the hot oiled pan. Sprinkle the herbs over the potatoes and season with pepper. Toss the potatoes, onion and garlic until everything is well coated in the oil butter mixture.
Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, turning potatoes halfway through baking time. Bake potatoes until they are golden crispy, or when a fork goes through them easily.
Once they are out of the oven, season with sea salt and serve.
Squeeze the garlic cloves out of the peels with a fork on your plate, the roasted garlic tastes great with the potatoes or with any meat or poultry you are serving with it.

Submitter: 
WestCoastMom
Description: 
This was taught to me many years ago by a great Italian family that I worked for in their restaurant. Rosemary and thyme compliment the roast potatoes with roasted garlic and red onions. The secret is to not salt the potatoes until after roasting to prevent soggy or sticking potatoes because the salt draws out moisture. This is a perfect side dish with meat or poultry.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
