URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63769097/eastern-market-ramen-noodles/
Title:
Eastern Market Ramen Noodles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1044712.jpg
Ingredients:
2 Cups chicken or vegetable broth
2 Cups water
2 Cloves garlic, sliced
1 Red finger pepper, sliced
1 Tablespoon soy sauce
1 Tablespoon fish sauce
1 Teaspoon rice wine vinegar
1 Tablespoon black pepper
1 packet of “Nature is Delicious” ramen noodles
5-6 Pods of green beans (or other green veggies like baby bok chop or spinach)
1 Bundle Enoki mushrooms, cut in half
3-5 Bundles scallions, cut into one-inch strips
1/3 Cup Thai basil, whole
1/4 Cup cilantro, whole
1 Tablespoon fried garlic (Optional)

Directions:
If Using Beans
In a small pot, add water and salt. Bring to a boil. Add beans. Cook until beans are tender, approximate 2 minutes. Rinse with cold water until cooled and set aside.
Broth
In a medium-size pot, add broth, water, garlic and peppers. Bring to a boil and simmer for about 3 minutes.
Add soy sauce, fish sauce, rice wine vinegar and black pepper. Boil for about 2 minutes.
Add noodles, soup mixture included in the noodles packet and green beans (If using “soft” vegetables like spinach, wait to add to the broth). Cook for about 3 minutes.
Add mushrooms and cook for another 2 minutes.
Add scallions (If using spinach, add now). Cook for another 1 minute or so.
Putting It All Together
Place the noodles, veggies and broth in a large bowl. Add basil and cilantro. Sprinkle with fried garlic, and enjoy!

Submitter: 
yobodish
Description: 
This bowl of noodle goodness was made possible by all the local farmers in the DC Metro area. Thank you for your dedication to cultivating and offering fresh, locally grown veggies. 

Nature is Delicious is non-fried Korean ramen noodles. Its caloric count is approximately 360. With the broth and veggies (depending on what sort of veggies you use) this giant bowl of noodles is about 500 calories. Noodles, nutrients, spice. I can’t think of a more perfect bowl of tasty, spicy, healthy bowl of slurpiness.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15-20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
