URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63763321/braciole-di-manzo-beef-rolls-in-tomato-sauce/
Title:
BRACIOLE DI MANZO (BEEF ROLLS IN TOMATO SAUCE) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound boneless beef top round, trimmed of fat and cut into 4 thin slices
Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste
4 thin slices prosciutto
1 thick slice provolone cheese (about 2 ounces), cut into 4 equal pieces
2 tablespoons pine nuts
2 tablespoons currants or raisins
1 clove garlic, peeled, chopped
1/4 cup olive oil
1 medium yellow onion, peeled, chopped
1 cup dry red wine
4 large ripe tomatoes, peeled, seeded and chopped
1 tablespoon chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley
3 or 4 fresh basil leaves, torn into small pieces

Directions:
Place the meat slices between 2 sheets of plastic wrap and gently pound with a meat mallet until they are 1/4-inch thick. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Lay a slice of prosciutto and a piece of cheese on each one. Sprinkle with a few pine nuts, currants and garlic. Roll up the slices, tucking in the ends. Tie the rolls at 1-inch intervals with kitchen string.
In a large skillet, warm the olive oil over medium heat. Add the beef rolls and cook, turning as needed, until browned on all sides, about 15 minutes.
Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 5 minutes longer.
Add the wine and cook until most of the liquid evaporates, about 2 minutes.
Add the tomatoes and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Reduce the heat to low, cover and simmer, turning the rolls occasionally, until the beef is tender when pierced with a knife, about 2 hours. Check from time to time to see if the sauce is becoming too dry; add a little water if needed.
Uncover, scatter the parsley and basil evenly over the rolls, and cook for 2 minutes longer.
Transfer to warmed, individual plates, spooning the sauce over the top, and serve at once.
Makes 4 servings

Submitter: 
Larry
Description: 
Taken from Yahoo Answers. 
Authored by Asker.

Sorry that I can't take the credit!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
