URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63766457/cool-mint-creme-chocolate-cookies/
Title:
Cool Mint Creme Chocolate Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1044151.jpg
Ingredients:
Wafers:
1/2 C. Butter
1 C. Granulated sugar
1 Egg
4 Tbsp. Cocoa
2 C. All purpose flour
1 1/2 tsp. Baking Powder
Icing:
1/2 C. Cream cheese
1/2 C. Mint Jelly
3 C. Icing sugar

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees Fahrenheit
Line a large cookie sheet with parchment paper. Set aside
In a medium size bowl mix butter and sugar together with a pastry blender until fine and crumbly
Add egg and beat with an electric mixer on medium speed until light and creamy
Mix in cocoa and blend ingredients together well with electric mixer
Slowly add flour to cookie dough and form a round ball with all the flour getting mixed in the dough completely
Refrigerate dough for a half hour to firm up and then roll out on lightly floured  surface to approximately a half inch thickness
Cut out rounds with a small lid and place on cookie sheet lined with parchment paper
Bake cookies for  8 minutes and then remove from oven and place cookies on a wire rack to cool completely before icing them.
Icing:
In a medium size bowl mix cream cheese and mint jelly together until cream cheese is light and smoothly mixed in with jelly.
Add enough icing sugar to make a smooth firm icing and refrigerate for a short period of time to firm icing for spreading on cookies
Place a small amount of icing on the underside of one cookie and spin your teaspoon  around to coat the cookie bottom before pressing another cookie to make a sandwich by placing the underside of  another cookie to seal the icing layer between the cookies
Place in the refrigerator to set the icing and then put in a storage container for a longer storage period and to keep fresh.

Submitter: 
Cheerios
Description: 
A nice chocolate flavour cookie accented by a cool mint icing that makes this a very good cookie for dessert.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
22
Nutritional Facts:
NA
