URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63765712/paleo-chocolate-and-cinnamon-banana-bread/
Title:
Paleo Chocolate and Cinnamon Banana Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1043982.jpg
Ingredients:
Ingredients for Chocolate and Cinnamon Swirl
• 1 cup all natural chocolate, cut into chunks
• 1 teaspoon coconut oil
• 1 tablespoon unsalted organic butter
• 2 tablespoons organic cinnamon
Ingredients for Banana Bread
• 4 medium bananas, ripe (about 1 cup mashed)
• 1/2 cup coconut flour
• 1/8 teaspoon sea salt
• 1 teaspoon baking soda
• 1/2 cup almond butter
• 4 large eggs
• Coconut oil for coating pan

Directions:
Directions for Chocolate
Take a medium sauce pan and heat 1/4 way with water over a medium temperature. When starts to steam remove from heat. Place a clear bowl in the pan but do not touch the water. Add chocolate chunks, coconut oil and butter. Stir using a rubber spatula until melted. Remove bowl from pan and add in cinnamon and stir together. Set aside!
Directions for Banana Bread
Preheat your oven to 350 degrees F
In a large bowl mash your bananas using a fork. Placing a hand held sifter over the bowl add in coconut flour, salt and baking soda. Give a good shake to the sifter. Using a rubber spatula fold in flour mixture to bananas.
In a medium bowl add in almond butter and eggs. Use a fork or whisk to combine until creamy. Add mixture into banana mixture and combine well.
Take your loaf pan and brush coconut oil to coat.
Add 1/2 of the banana mixture into the loaf pan. Next add in 2 tablespoons of melted chocolate mixture and use a fork to spread (make swirls); Add in the remaining mixture then top with chocolate and swirl again with the fork.
Bake for 50 minutes and enjoy warm!

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
I have been baking with chocolate all week and this morning decided to make this banana bread. I wasn’t sure how it was going to turn out but I have to say “AMAZING“….. You really need to try this recipe! I better get down stairs to hide some before it is all gone…
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
