URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63766044/juice-pulp-veggie-burger/
Title:
Juice Pulp Veggie Burger Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups veggie pulp ~340g (3 medium carrots, 1 zucchini, 45 oz beet greens, 100g beetroot, small piece of ginger, 1 red apple, 3 kale leaves, 2 celery stalks)
1 white onion, chopped super fine
2 stalks celery, chopped super fine
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 large carrot, shredded
2 cups crimini mushrooms, chopped super fine
1 tsp olive oil
1/2 tsp salt
1/4 tsp pepper
2 tbsp nutritional yeast
1 tsp smoked paprika
1 tsp cumin
2 tsp oregano
3 chia seed eggs (1 egg = 1 Tbls ground chia seeds mixed with 3 tbsp warm water. mix just before ready to mix w/ burger.)

Directions:
First, dice the onions, celery and garlic and shred the carrot. Toss into a hot saucepan with 1 tsp olive oil. Cook until the onion is nearly translucent or carmelized. Season with salt and pepper.
Next, roughly chop the cremini mushrooms and add them to the saucepan. We are adding them a bit later than the other vegetables, because mushrooms cook faster and thus require less time on the stove.
Once the mushrooms are cooked through, remove from the stove and pour mixture into a glass bowl. Let it sit for a moment to cool down.
Then toss in the nutritional yeast, juice pulp, cumin, paprika, oregano, salt, pepper, and chia seed eggs.
Mix thoroughly. The result should be able to hold together well in the hand and able to form flat patties. Make same-sized patties and place them in aluminum foil that has been rubbed with some olive oil. Drizzle all the patties with olive or coconut oil in order to achieve that crispy top while baking.
Put in the oven at 400 degrees Fahrenheit for approximately 40 minutes. Flipping 1/2 through cooking.

Submitter: 
Apron Appeal
Description: 
Backyard grilling vegan substitute to help use up some of your leftover juice pulp.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
