URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63766223/authentic-greek-moussaka/
Title:
Authentic Greek Moussaka Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/4 cup Greek extra-virgin olive oil, divided
1 pound ground lamb
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
1/4 teaspoon ground allspice
1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper
Salt and pepper
1 large yellow onion, halved and thinly sliced
1 green bell pepper, thinly sliced
5 cloves garlic, finely chopped
2 tablespoons tomato paste
1 cup red wine
1 (28-ounce can) plum tomatoes, with their juices, roughly chopped
2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano
1 1/2 cups canola oil
1 1/2 pounds eggplant, cut crosswise into 14-thick slices
Bechamel Sauce:
6 tablespoons unsalted butter
1/2 cup flour
2 1/2 cups milk
1 bay leaf
1/8 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg
3 egg yolks

Directions:
Heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil in a 6-quart saucepan over high heat. Add the lamb, cinnamon, ginger, allspice, cayenne, and salt and pepper and cook, stirring to break up the meat, until browned, about 5 minutes.
Transfer the lamb to a large strainer and drain.
Return the pan to the heat and add the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil and heat until it begins to shimmer.
Add the onions and bell pepper and cook until soft. Add the garlic and tomato paste and cook for 1 minute.
Return the lamb to the pan, add the wine, and cook, stirring occasionally, until almost completely evaporated, about 5 minutes.
Add the chopped tomatoes and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for about 30 minutes. Add oregano and salt and pepper. Remove from the heat.
Eggplant: Heat the canola oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Season the eggplant slices on both sides with salt and pepper. Working in batches, add the eggplant slices and fry until tender and lightly golden brown on both sides. Transfer the eggplant slices to paper towels.
Bechamel: Melt the butter in saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour and cook, whisking constantly, until pale and smooth.
Still whisking constantly, add the milk and bay leaf and cook until thickened. Season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg and discard the bay leaf. Let the sauce cool for 5 minutes.
Whisk together the egg yolks and lemon zest and whisk into the bechamel sauce until smooth.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees and butter a 9x13 casserole dish.
Put half eggplant slices in the dish and cover with half the meat sauce. Repeat.
Pour bechamel over top and spread.
Sprinkle Parmesan on top if desired.
Bake for 45-50 mins.
Cool slightly before serving.

Submitter: 
Brit_abroad1969
Description: 
Authentic Moussaka using lamb (not beef!), eggplant (not potato) and seasoned bechamel sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
