URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63760400/mushroom-ragout/
Title:
Mushroom Ragout Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1042834.jpg
Ingredients:
• 1 1/2 pound mixed mushrooms, such as shiitake, cremini, bella or white button
• 2 to 4 tablespoons unsalted butter
• 1 medium shallot, 1 tablespoon
• 1 teaspoon sea salt
• 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
• 4 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves stripped
• 1/2 cup white wine
• 1/2 cup heavy cream

Directions:
Clean the mushrooms by brushing with a white kitchen towel, white paper towel or a pastry brush to remove any loose dirt. (Do not rinse with water) Remove the shiitake stems and discard. Trim the dry ends off the cremini and white mushroom stems. Quarter all the mushrooms and put in a bowl.
Heat 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large Le Creuset Saute Pan over medium-high heat. Add the mushrooms and spread them out evenly in the pan using a wooden spoon. Keep the heat at medium-high. Let the mushrooms cook undisturbed until they brown, then shake the pan to turn them over. Add the additional butter along the sides of the pan as the mushrooms cook if the pan seems very dry. Continue to cook until nicely browned, about 7 minutes. Add the shallot and cook until softened, about 2 minutes. Season the mushrooms with the salt and pepper and add the thyme. Remove pan from the heat and add wine. Return pan to the heat and scrape up any of the brown bits that attach to the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Add the heavy cream and bring to a boil then immediately reduce to simmer. Stir a little until thickened – about 2 minutes.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
I made this amazing side with my beef tenderloin. It was the perfect marriage! 
I like combing a few different types of mushrooms. Can be prepared in advance. Cook the mushrooms and set aside covered. Heat pan then just add wine and heavy cream about 15 minutes before serving.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
