URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63777464/roasting-a-beef-tenderloin/
Title:
Roasting a Beef Tenderloin Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1046847.jpg
Ingredients:
• 3 1/2 pounds center-cut beef tenderloin roast
• 1 1/2 teaspoon sea salt
• 2 teaspoons or more dijon mustard
• 1 tablespoon slightly ground peppercorns
• 1 teaspoon dried oregano
• 1 teaspoon rosemary, chopped
• 1 teaspoon dried thyme
• 1 teaspoon garlic powder
• 1/2 teaspoon onion powder
• 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes
• 2 tablespoons olive oil
• 1 teaspoon unsalted butter

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. or heat your grill to medium/high
Tie beef with kitchen twine (or ask the butcher to do it for you).
Season the beef all over with salt. Next coat entire beef with a light layer of dijon mustard. In a small bowl combine peppercorns, oregano, rosemary, thyme, garlic powder, onion powder and red pepper flakes. Coat evenly over beef tenderloin.
For the stove top: Heat a large Le Creuset Saute Pan over high heat. Carefully coat bottom of pan with olive oil and butter. When the butter is melted but not brown add in beef. Sear all sides until brown; about 8 minutes total.
For the grill:Heat grill to a medium-high temperature. Once grill is hot sear all sides of beef; about 8 minutes. Place beef tenderloin into a oven-safe Le Creuset Saute Pan or roasting pan.
Transfer the saute pan to the oven. Roast until an instant-read thermometer inserted in the center registers 125 degrees F. for medium-rare, about 25 minutes. Carefully transfer the roast to a cutting board, tent it very loosely with aluminum foil, and let it rest for 15 minutes.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
When entertaining I love Roasting a Beef Tenderloin. This is great for holidays but we love to enjoy for summer entertaining. We start by searing on the grill then roasting in the oven. There is something about a Beef Tenderloin that bring many smiles. This is also a great Paleo Recipe and Gluten Free! Or just a Amazing recipe to share with your family and friends.

You can serve this delicate cut of beef so many ways. You can serve with my Mushroom Ragout which is always great. If you want to serve on a buffet then thinly slice and make a little balsamic reduction sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
15 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
