URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63773698/jans-taquila-fajitas-and-fiesta-rice/
Title:
Jan's Taquila Fajitas and Fiesta Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1045841.jpg
Ingredients:
For the meat marinade:
1/3 cup olive oil
1/4 cup Tequila
2 tablespoons chili powder
2 tablespoons lime juice (or lemon) freshly squeezed
2 tablespoons honey
2 tablespoons garlic powder
1 tablespoon smoked paprika
1 tablespoon hot paprika
2 teaspoons ground black pepper
1 tablespoon salt
2 pounds chicken breast cut into thin strips.
For the vegetables:
1 each of red, green, yellow and orange peppers thinly sliced.
2 medium onions thinly sliced
2 cloves garlic minced
vegetable oil for sauteing
For the rice:
4 cups COLD cooked rice.  (freshly cooked rice can pop in the hot pan)
1  15 ounce can Ro-Tel Tomatoes Diced & Green Chilies Mild (or regular if preferred to lower the heat)
1 4 ounce can tomato sauce
1 tablespoon garlic powder
1/2 tablespoon salt or to taste
2 teaspoons black pepper or to taste
10 Flour tortillas (or more depending on how full you like to make them)
2 cups shredded cheddar cheese

Directions:
Assemble the marinade ingredients and add the sliced chicken.  Cover and refrigerate for at least one hour.
Heat a cast iron fry pan or griddle to medium high. Saute the vegetables, individually, in some of the oil until tender. Add garlic and cook for two minutes more. Once cooked remove to a large platter and cover with foil to keep warm.
Heat the cast iron fry pan or griddle to high,  You want it nice and hot to brown the chicken and cook it quickly.  Working in batches, remove chicken strips from marinade and place in hot pan.  Be sure to not over crowd the pan.  Cook 5 to 7 minutes or until no longer pink inside and the outside is golden brown and the marinade caramelizes a bit. Repeat with remaining chicken.  Once all chicken is cooked remove to serving platter and cover with foil to keep warm.
Discard all leftover marinade.
Turn the temperature down on the cast iron pan to medium high. Add the cold, cooked rice and toss in the meat drippings. Add the Ro-tel and the tomato sauce.  Toss until rice is well combined.  Add garlic powder, salt and pepper.  Cook for 5 minutes and stir to prevent over browning.  Once cooked remove to a serving dish and cover with foil to keep warm.
Wipe down pan with paper towel.  Turn pan down to medium low.  Heat the flour tortillas one at a time making sure to flip and do the other side.  About a minute each.  Once all are warmed/browned, remove to a plate and cover with foil to keep warm and soft.
Place any desired amount of the chicken and vegetables in a warm tortilla. Top with cheese and roll up.
Serve with rice on the side or in the tortilla.

Submitter: 
What's for dinner, mom?
Description: 
A flavorful and spicy fajita with a little Tequila kick.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
