URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63773616/canadian-maple-apple-sticky-buns/
Title:
Canadian Maple Apple Sticky Buns Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Dough:
2 cups all purpose flour
1 tsp. salt
1/4 cup sugar
1/4 cup butter or margarine, melted
1/2 cup milk
1 lrg. egg
1-1/2 tsp. instant yeast
Filling:
2 cups diced Gala apples
1 Tbsp. lemon juice
1/4 cup sugar
1/4 cup Pure Maple syrup
1/4 cup butter or margarine
1 tsp. cinnamon or apple pie spice
1/2 tsp. vanilla extract
1 Tbsp. Cornstarch
1/2 cup water, divided
Maple Icing:
1 cup powdered sugar
2 Tbsp. butter or margarine, softened
3 Tbsp. Pure Maple syrup
1/2 tsp. vanilla
1/4 tsp. cinnamon
1-2 tsp. milk, if needed

Directions:
Add ingredients in the order of your bread machine instructions and set to a basic dough setting. When done, turn it out into a greased bowl, cover with a tea towel and let rise for 1/2 an hour.
By hand or mixer: Mix milk, eggs, yeast and sugar in a small bowl. Add flour and salt to a mixing bowl. Using a dough hook or wooden spoon, pour in the yeast mixture and stir until flour is combined. Pour in butter, and continue mixing until the butter is blended and the dough is formed. Place in a greased bowl, cover and let rise until doubled (about 2 hours).
Filling: Toss the diced apples with lemon juice in a sauce pan on medium high heat. Add butter, sugar, syrup, and cinnamon. When the butter melts, add a 1/4 cup of water and bring the mixture to a boil. Stir cornstarch with remaining 1/4 cup of water and add it to the pot and stir for 1 minute or until the sauce thickens. Turn the heat to low, and let simmer for 5 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in vanilla. Let it sit for 20 minutes, then chill in fridge.
Grease the bottom and sides of a 9 inch cake pan and set aside.
After the dough has risen, punch down the dough and place on a floured surface. Roll the dough out into a rectangle, to measure 20x10 inches long.
Spread the cooled filling over the dough, leaving a one inch border all around. Working the longest edge, roll the dough into a log and pinch the seams together at the end. Slice with a pastry cutter or sharp knife into 8 rolls. Place into the greased pan and cover for 30 min. Preheat oven to 350f. And bake for 30-35 min. or until golden all over.
Icing: mix powdered sugar, butter, maple syrup, cinnamon and vanilla together, add milk a little at a time until desired thickness is reached. Pour over the warm rolls. Let cool for 10-15 minutes before eating.

Submitter: 
WestCoastMom
Description: 
So tender, moist and aromatic, this feels sinfully delicious! If you love apple pie and cinnamon rolls, you'll be in heaven with this recipe! It's sure to impress your guests. Pecans, walnuts or raisons can be added to the filling. This can be made in a bread machine or by hand. Prepare the night before to bake fresh for the morning, Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
