URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63778415/sweet-and-savory-ham/
Title:
Sweet and Savory Ham Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1047094.jpg
Ingredients:
8 lbs Smoked picnic ham (precooked), Bone-in.
20 oz can pineapple slices
1 lbs (16 oz.) brown sugar
whole cloves
1 jar of maraschino cherries

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325 degrees
Using a sharp knife, cut a diamond pattern into ham skin, at least 1/4" deep. Diamonds should be about 2" x 2" in size,
Push whole cloves into the center of each diamond.
Place ham in roasting pan.
Drain can of sliced pineapple's into a bowl. Set aside pineapple slices.
Add entire package of brown sugar to juice and stir until well mixed and no lumps.
Pour entire mixture over the ham
Using tinfoil, create a tent cover over the ham
Place in oven
You will want to cook your ham for 20-25 minutes per pound.
Baste your ham with juices in the roasting pan every 30 minutes, and cover again.
When you only have 30 minutes left to bake your ham, remove from oven
Using a toothpick, push into ham leaving 1/2" sticking out.
Push cherry onto toothpick and place pineapple ring around it.
Evenly place your cherry and pineapple rings on your ham leaving a 1"-2" space in between.
Cover again and return to oven.
Remove from oven and let stand with tinfoil for at least 5 minutes.
Remove ham from roasting pan and place on large cutting board.
Drain glaze from Roasting pan into an oil separator measuring cup and set aside.
Remove cloves, toothpicks, pineapple and cherries from your ham.
Carve ham to preferred thickness of slices.
Place ham on a serving dish and garnish with pineapple, cherries and leafy greens.
Slowly pour juices (glaze) from your oil separator into a gravy boat, pour only the dark brown juice discarding the clear-brown oil on top.
Serve ham slices with a little bit of ham glaze drizzled over.

Submitter: 
Sabrina Sperry
Description: 
Hands down best ham EVER! Incredibly simple ingredients but oh so delicious and tender. This has been a family recipe past down from generation to generation and guests always ask for leftovers.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
