URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63772022/pizza-sauce-with-roasted-tomatoes-bell-peppers/
Title:
Pizza Sauce with Roasted Tomatoes & Bell Peppers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 lbs fresh garden tomatoes
1 lb onions, (1 large)
1-1.5 oz small garlic bulb
1/2 lb red bell peppers (optional)
1 tsp basil
1/2 tsp oregano
1 1/2 tsp salt (or to taste)
olive oil

Directions:
Preheat oven to 300. Cut stem end off of tomatoes and slice tomato in half (around it's equator). Line a baking sheet with foil and place the the cut tomatoes (cut side up) on the baking sheet. Drizzle with olive oil and salt and pepper. Roast in oven for 60 to 80 minutes.
Cut the top en of a garlic bulb open to expose the cloves. Place garlic on a piece of tinfoil that will be big enough to fully encase the bulb. Drizzle with olive oil, salt, and pepper then enclose bulb in foil and place in oven to roast with tomatoes. I roast my garlic for 50 minutes.
While garlic and tomatoes are roasting, rough chop the onion and saute in a skillet over medium to medium-low heat until browned and caramelized. Squeeze the garlic cloves into the caramelized onions and remove from heat.
When tomatoes are done, combine with onions and garlic and puree. (No chunks for my family.)
*increase oven temp to 375. Place whole peppers onto baking sheet used for roasting tomatoes. Place in oven for 20 minutes. After 20 minutes rotate the pepper. Roast for another 20 minutes, rotate again then cook for a final 20 minutes. After roasting is complete, cut off stems, remove seeds and puree in blender then combine with tomato puree.
Transfer puree to a 3.5 qt pot, add spices and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Once simmering, lower heat to medium-low or low and continue to simmer until until sauce is reduced to almost half which takes about 20-40 minutes.
Use about 8 ounces for 1 13" pizza.

Submitter: 
Apron Appeal
Description: 
Garden fresh ingredients, roasted and caramelized, bring out a robust flavor meant to set the stage to create your favorite pizza.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
