URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63782555/atk-sichuan-stir-fried-pork/
Title:
ATK Sichuan Stir Fried Pork Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1071353.jpg
Ingredients:
Sauce
1/2 cup chicken broth
2 T sugar
2 T soy sauce
2 t balsamic vinegar
2 t rice vinegar
1 T toasted sesame oil
1 T dry sherry
2 t ketchup
2 t fish sauce
2 t cornstarch
Pork
12 oz boneless country-style pork ribs, trimmed
1 t baking soda
1/2 cup cold water
2 t dry sherry
2 t cornstarch
Stir-Fry
4 garlic cloves, minced
2 scallions, white parts minced, green parts sliced thin
2 t Asian chili-garlic paste or Sriracha
4 T vegetable oil
6 oz shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and sliced thin
2 celery ribs, cut on bias into 1/4-inch slices

Directions:
FOR THE SAUCE:
Whisk all ingredients together in bowl; set aside.
FOR THE PORK:
Cut pork into 2-inch lengths, then cut each length into 1/4-inch matchsticks.
Combine pork with baking soda and water in bowl. Let sit at room temperature for 15 minutes.
Rinse pork in cold water. Drain well and pat dry with paper towels. Whisk rice wine and cornstarch in bowl. Add pork and toss to coat.
FOR THE STIR-FRY:
Combine garlic, scallion whites, and chili paste in bowl.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in 12-inch nonstick skillet over high heat until just smoking. Add mushrooms and cook, stirring frequently, until tender, 2 to 4 minutes.
Add celery and continue to cook until celery is crisp-tender, 2 to 4 minutes.
Transfer vegetables to separate bowl.
Add remaining 3 tablespoons oil to now-empty skillet and place over medium-low heat.
Add garlic-scallion mixture and cook, stirring frequently, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Transfer 1 tablespoon garlic-scallion oil to small bowl and set aside.
Add pork to skillet and cook, stirring frequently, until no longer pink, 3 to 5 minutes.
Whisk sauce mixture to recombine and add to skillet. Increase heat to high and cook, stirring constantly, until sauce is thickened and pork is cooked through, 1 to 2 minutes.
Return vegetables to skillet and toss to combine. Transfer to serving platter, sprinkle with scallion greens and reserved garlic-scallion oil, and serve.

Submitter: 
Litegal1
Description: 
ATK receipe
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
