URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63780742/roasted-and-curried-butternut-squash-soup/
Title:
Roasted and Curried Butternut Squash Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2.5 pounds butternut squash, halved and seeded
2 large onions, peeled and quartered
1 medium head garlic
6 cups chicken broth
1 bay leaf
1 teaspoon brown sugar
1 teaspoon mildto medium curry powder
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano (optional)
2 inches ginger peeled and cut into 4
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
2 tsp salt
1 tsp white pepper
1 cup plain yogurt (or 2 cups heavy cream and 2 cups chicken broth--change above stock)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or aluminum foil.
Place squash halves and onion onto the prepared baking sheet. Wrap garlic in foil and set with other vegetables.
Roast in the center of the oven for 60 minutes, until the squash is tender. Remove from oven and set aside until cool enough to handle.
Squeeze garlic cloves out of their skin like paste into a food processor. Scrape the flesh from the squash and place into the food processor along with the roasted onion. Puree until smooth. Add vegetable broth if necessary. Transfer the pureed mixture to a stockpot and stir in  vegetable broth. Season with the bay leaf, brown sugar, curry powder, oregano, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt and peppe. Bring to a boil and simmer gently for 10 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in yogurt.
Remove bay leaf, let set 10 minutes, then serve hot. Garnish with fresh parsley if desired.

Submitter: 
Diane Manzella
Description: 
This is my original recipe and can be either vegetarian or meat based.  It also freezes well - just thaw, heat and add cream or yoghurt before serving.  It's delicious and well worth the extra steps of roasting and pureeing.  Enjoy!Modified from: Roasted and Curried Butternut Squash Soup
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
