URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63786988/winging-it-stuffed-bell-peppers/
Title:
Winging it Stuffed Bell Peppers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb. Ground Turkey
1 lb. Ground Sirloin (85%/15%)
2 tsp. Dried Thyme Seasoning
1 TBS Onion Powder
1 TBS Minced Dried Onion
1/4 cup Stubb's Brand Beef Marinade (gluten free)
1/2 -1 cup of diced red onions
1 can diced tomatoes with basil, garlic & oregano
1/2 jar of spaghetti sauce
1 can tomato paste
1/2 can of water (tomato paste can)
approx. 1/2 tsp. each Salt & Pepper (to your preference)
8 oz. Mozzarella Cheese Grated, split
2 oz. Goat Cheese Crumbles
4 medium/large bell peppers
1 tsp. Salt for salting water

Directions:
1. In a large bowl, mix ground turkey with ground beef. Add Thyme, Onion powder, Dried Onion and beef marinade. Mix together with your hands.
2. In a large sauté pan cook fresh onions on medium to high heat until tender.
3. Add the meat mixture to the pan. Break meat up into crumbles while cooking. Cook until no pink remains.
4. Turn on the oven to pre-heat to 375 degrees.
5. Meanwhile, Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cut the tops off the peppers, and remove the seeds. Cook peppers in boiling salted water for 5 minutes; drain and set aside.
6. While peppers are boiling and cooling, Add the following ingredients to the meat mixture in the pan: spaghetti sauce, tomatoes, tomato paste, water, Salt & Pepper. Mix completely.
7. When the meat mixture is complete up to this point, before stuffing the peppers, add 1/2 of the mozzarella cheese & all of the goat cheese to the meat, allow to melt and mix in completely.
8. Slice bell Peppers in half & lay in a casserole dish sprayed with non-stick cooking spray. Scoop meat mixture into each pepper half. Eight total.
9. Put stuffed peppers into the oven. se timer for 20 minutes. When timer goes off sprinkle the remaining 4 oz. of Mozzarella Cheese on top of each pepper. Put back into the oven for 5 minutes or until cheese has melted.

Submitter: 
ImaCraftiMama
Description: 
I made this recipe out of what we had. My daughter had a garden this summer and even though BP's don't always agree with me, I was going to use them somehow! I really liked the way that par-boiling the peppers before stuffing them turned out. It also dramatically cut down on the baking time which makes it a more reasonable weeknight dish. These turned out to be the best stuffed peppers I have ever had!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
