URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63780584/breakfast-cookies-paleo-scd/
Title:
Breakfast Cookies (Paleo, SCD) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
¼ cup coconut flour
½ cup almond butter
6 pitted dried dates, soaked in warm water for 15 minutes
¾ cups shredded coconut (I used Let’s Do Organic Reduced Fat Shredded Coconut)
½ cup unsweetened applesauce
2 medium eggs (or 2 tablespoons finely ground flaxseed + 5 tablespoons warm water)
½ tablespoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon vanilla
¼ teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon baking soda
2 tablespoons dried unsweetened dark cherries
2 tablespoons chopped walnuts
3 tablespoons currants

Directions:
1.Preheat your oven to 350 degrees.
2.If you’re doing the vegan version, whisk your ground flax and warm water in a bowl and let it sit for 5-10 minutes until it has thickened.
3.Combine the coconut flour, almond butter, and dates in a food processor. Process until well combined and the dates have broken up into really small pieces, about a minute.
4.Add the shredded coconut, applesauce, eggs or flax “eggs”, cinnamon, vanilla, salt and baking soda and process for 30 seconds until a wet dough forms.
5.Add in the remaining ingredients, and pulse once or twice until the fruit is incorporated into the dough but chopped up.
6.Using an ice cream scoop or large tablespoon, drop the dough in heaping spoonfuls onto a cookie sheet lined with a SilPat or parchment paper.
7.Dip a metal spatula in water, and use the bottom to lightly press down each ball of dough. These cookies will not spread or rise so make sure to make them the shape you want them prior to baking.
8.Bake for 12-15 minutes, until they are golden on top and slightly brown along the edges

Submitter: 
Gina Lee Lafreniere
Description: 
These breakfast cookies didn't make the book, but they're still one of my favorites!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
20
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
