URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63781655/baked-macaroni-and-cheese/
Title:
Baked Macaroni and Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 Box of Macaroni (Elbow, Rotini or Cavatelli pasta)
1 Stick or 1/2 cup of Butter
½ Cup of All Purpose Flour
5 Cups of Warm Milk
2-3 Teaspoons of Salt (to taste)
1 Teaspoon of Black Pepper
1 Teaspoon of Sweet or Mild Paprika
1 Teaspoon of Garlic Powder
1-2 Teaspoons of Prepared Yellow Mustard
1-2 Dashes of Nutmeg
1-2 Teaspoons of Bijol (optional)
2 Cups of Sharp or Extra Cheddar Cheese, Shredded
2 Cups of Mild Cheddar or Colby Cheese, Shredded
1 Cup of Monterrey Jack or Muenster Cheese, Shredded
1/2 Cup of Panko Bread Crumbs
3 Tablespoons of Melted Butter

Directions:
Pre-heat oven to 350°F.
Cook pasta until cooked thru but still a little firm (al dente). Rinse in cold water.
Mix shredded cheeses in a separate bowl and reserve 1½ cups.
In large pot or dutch oven melt butter over medium heat. Whisk in flour and cook for 1-2 minutes. Gradually stir in warmed milk and cook, stirring constantly, until sauce thickens and mixture begins to boil.
Lower heat to low and add seasonings and continue to cook for an additional minute.
Add 3½ cups of the shredded cheese mixture, stir until cheese is melted and adjust seasonings to taste.
Add cooked pasta to the cheese sauce.  In large buttered casserole dish, layer half of the pasta and cheese mixture. Layer 1 cup of the reserved cheese and cover w/ remaining pasta.
Combine breadcrumbs and melted butter. Layer over top of the pasta and bake 25 minutes or until bubbly and crumbs are golden brown and crunchy. Sprinkle remaining ½ cup of shredded cheese over pasta and return to the oven for an additional 5 minutes.
Remove from oven and let rest 10 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
MKCortes (Latin Goddess)
Description: 
Baked Macaroni and Cheese is a prime example of American Comfort food. This recipe is a family favorite and makes a frequent appearance at family functions. It has a bit of latin flair w/ the addition of bijol.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
