URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63781679/no-bake-mini-pumpkin-cheesecakes/
Title:
NO BAKE MINI PUMPKIN CHEESECAKES Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the crust
1 sleeve graham crackers (about 9 crackers)
½ stick (4 tablespoons) butter, melted
2 tablespoons sugar
2 tablespoons brown sugar
For the filling
1 8-ounce package cream cheese, softened to room temperature
1 15-ounce can pumpkin puree
3 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice
1 1-ounce package sugar free cheesecake-flavored instant pudding mix (or 1/3 of a non-sugar free instant pudding may be used)
1 14-ounce can sweetened condensed milk
1 12-ounce container frozen whipped topping, plus extra for garnish if desired

Directions:
Place the graham crackers in the bowl of a food processor and pulse the crackers into fine crumbs. Add the melted butter, sugar and brown sugar and pulse until combined.
Spoon the crumbs into individual 9-ounce plastic cups (or other individual sized cups for serving). Place in the refrigerator to set while you are preparing the filling.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, beat the cream cheese until light and creamy.
Add the pumpkin, pumpkin pie spice, and pudding mix and beat until completely mixed, scraping down the sides and bottom of the bowl to ensure that all ingredients are well combined.
Add the sweetened condensed milk and mix again until well combined.
Change your stand mixture attachment to the wire whisk. On slow speed, fold in the tub of Cool Whip until well combined.
Allow the mixture to sit in the refrigerator for about an hour to firm up.
Using a large pastry bag with a large tip, or a spoon, top the graham cracker crust in each cup with the pumpkin mixture and refrigerate until ready to serve.
Garnish with additional whipped topping if desired.

Submitter: 
Julie Jane Anderson
Description: 
Pumpkin season is here and this is easy and yummy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 hr 30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
