URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63788791/manellas-roast-beef-cooked-in-pasta-sauce-the-italian-way-left-overs-turned-into-beef-enchiladas/
Title:
Manella's Roast Beef cooked in Pasta Sauce The Italian Way left-overs turned into Beef Enchiladas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 enchilada shells
1 lb thin sliced left-over roast
1 14oz can refried beans
1 15oz can black beans, rinsed and drained
3-4 cups left-over sauce
1 cup  Monterey Jack cheese
1 large onion, diced
2 Tbsp butter
1 tsp Sriracha sauce
1/2 tsp chili powder, divided
1/2 tsp cumin powder, divided
1/2 tsp dried cilantro
Sour cream

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
In a 2 quart kettle, combine the left-over sauce, Sriracha sauce, 1/4 tsp cumin, 1/4 tsp chili powder and cilantro.   Heat to boiling then reduce to a simmer for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally and mashing to reduce some of the tomatoes and carrots.
In a large pan, saute onions until they just start to turn transparent.
Add in beef, refried beans, 1/4 tsp cumin and 1/4 tsp chili powder.   If you have extra sauce, feel free  to add it in with the beans.  When heated through, mix in black beans, being careful to not mash them.
Warm enchilada shells in microwave to make them easier to roll.
Divide bean/beef mixture evenly between the four enchilada shells.
Roll shells with mixture inside and place enchiladas, seem side down in a 9x13 baking pan.
Cover enchiladas with sauce and cheese on top of the sauce.
Bake for 30-35  minutes, until sauce is bubbling and cheese is slightly browned on the edges.
Let cool for 5 minutes and serve with a dollop of sour cream.

Submitter: 
duboo
Description: 
Manella put together a fantastic Italian roast with a nice sauce but it makes a lot, especially if you're cooking for two.   I came up with this idea of using the left-over beef in an enchilada shell with refried beans and turning the left-over sauce into an enchilada sauce.   The sauce maintains a hint of the Italian flavors and carrots and I think this just adds to the whole dish.    Please note, when making, I used the dump and go method for seasoning, so my measurements are approximate and to my personal tastes.   Please taste and adjust for your tastes as you go.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
