URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63783707/blueberry-breakfast-rolls/
Title:
Blueberry Breakfast Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1049817.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 C. Warm water ( 95 to 110 degrees Fahrenheit ) Finger test for warmth
2 tsp. Active dry yeast
1 tsp. Granulated sugar
1 Tbsp. Melted butter
2 Eggs
4 Tbsp. Granulated sugar
4 1/2 C. All purpose flour
1 1/2 C. Fresh blueberries
Granulated sugar for sprinkling on top of rolls

Directions:
Sprinkle yeast over warm water with sugar  in a large mixing bowl and wait 10 minutes for yeast to become foamy in bowl
Stir in eggs, melted butter, sugar and 2 cups of flour to make a dough of oatmeal consistency
Add enough of the remaining flour to make a dough that will come away from the bowl and work the dough with your fists to make it smooth and full of elasticity
Place dough in a lightly oiled bowl and allow to rise in the oven with just the oven light on to provide warmth  for 1 hour. When dough has risen punch down  and let rise a second time for 45 minutes in the oven with just the oven light on   Remove from the oven and punch down dough. Place on a lightly floured surface
Preheat oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit
Divide dough into 12 equal portions and roll the portions out with the palm of your hand to flatten them into small rectangles
Place a very small amount of blueberries in the middle of the dough and roll up jelly roll style and pinch ends together and place seam side up in greased muffin cups. Lightly sprinkle some granulated sugar on tops of rolls before baking them
Allow rolls to rise for a half hour before placing in oven to bake for 20 minutes or until lightly browned
Remove from the oven and carefully loosen around the edges to remove rolls from the cups

Submitter: 
Cheerios
Description: 
A very light roll with the goodness of fresh blueberries in the middle of every roll to enjoy with your morning tea or coffee
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 hr
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
