URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63789439/ummas-kimchi-jigeh/
Title:
Umma’s Kimchi Jigeh Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1051298.jpg
Ingredients:
! Tablespoon canola oil
5-8 Cloves garlic, minced
1 Teaspoon ginger, minced
½ Pound Pork Loin, Sliced
1 Teaspoon black pepper
½ Teaspoon salt
2 Cups kimchi, large slices (More ripened the better)
1 Small onion, quartered
1 Tablespoon kochu jang (Korean red pepper paste)
1 Teaspoon beef dashida
4-5 Cups water
1 Korean green pepper, sliced
¼ Cup kimchi juice
1 Carton firm tofu, cubed
1 Bunch scallions, cut into 1-inch strips
Season with salt as needed
Optional: Rice cakes (1-inch, tube-shaped cakes, not the flat, oval shaped ones) If adding rice cakes, soak the cakes in water for about an hour. Let it dry. In a skillet, add oil and rice cakes. Stir fry for a minute, max. Add the rice cakes when adding kochu jang.

Directions:
Heat a large pot or dol sot pot. Add oil, garlic and ginger. Sautee for about a minute or until the garlic is soft.
Add pork. Season with black pepper and salt. Stir fry until pork is golden, crisp brown.
Add kimchi slices and onions. Stir fry until onion is soft.
Add kochu jang, beef dashida and enough water to submerge all ingredients. Bring to a boil.
Add green peppers and kimchi juice. Cover pot with lid and simmer for about 15 minutes.
Add tofu and rice cakes if using. Simmer for about another 5-10 minutes or until you can easily stick a rice with a fork.
Add scallions. Give it one final scoopy mix.
That's it. Serve with white rice, brown rice, noodles... or whatever. I sometimes dig right in and just enjoy the pure goodness of this spicy, tangy hot pot stew by itself.

Submitter: 
yobodish
Description: 
This is kimchi jigeh, Korea's traditional of all traditional dishes. I used all the bunches of ginormous scallions I purchased at the Eastern Market. Below is the hands-down, best kimchi jigeh recipe of all times. I know this because it's my grandma's that was handed down to my mom. It's Umma's Original Kimchi Jigeh. Hope you like it.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
