URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63792954/gluten-free-pumpkin-cheesecake/
Title:
Gluten Free Pumpkin Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1052267.jpg
Ingredients:
Crust:
1 cup finely crushed almonds
½ cup slivered almonds
¼ cup sugar
¼ teaspoon ground Cinnamon
¼ teaspoon Baking Soda
3 Tblsp. melted butter
Filling:
1 ¾ cups cooked mashed pumpkin
2 pkgs. 8 oz. Cream cheese
2 cups sour cream
1 cup sugar (either white or brown)
1 tsp. salt
1 tsp. cinnamon
1 tsp. ground ginger
1 tsp. vanilla extract
4 eggs

Directions:
Pre-heat the oven to 350ºF.
Crush the slivered almonds.
In a mixing bowl whisk together the finely crushed almonds, crushed slivered almonds, baking soda and cinnamon. Add the butter and combine with a spoon.
Pour into 10” springform pan and press firmly into bottom.  Bake 10 minutes to set.  Remove from oven.
Reduce oven temperature to 325ºF.
Place a pan of hot water on the bottom rack of the oven.
While crust is baking, combine all filling ingredients in large mixer bowl.  Beat together on medium speed until smooth.  Be sure to scrape bottom and sides of bowl frequently to ensure even mixing.
Pour filling over hot crust and return the pan to the oven, placing it on the center rack.  Bake at 325ºF for 1 hour – 75 minutes, or until cheesecake peaks in the center.
Remove from oven and cool to room temperature before removing sides of pan.  Slip cheesecake off the pan base onto a serving plate.
Cover loosely with plastic wrap and chill in fridge at least 2 hours before serving.

Submitter: 
SEAMSTERRIFIC
Description: 
When my mother was undergoing chemotherapy for the cancer that eventually took her life, I came up with the basic recipe for the cheesecake.  It was one of the few foods that she really enjoyed and would stay down.  Now my granddaughter has a gluten allergy, so I've adapted the recipe for her, by using the gluten free crust instead of the original graham crumb crust.  I think I like this version better!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 min.
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
