URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63797804/red-wine-and-garlic-crock-pot-roast/
Title:
Red Wine and Garlic Crock Pot Roast Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1053664.jpg
Ingredients:
• pork roast
• two large Idaho potatoes
• baby carrots
• about 2 or 3 table spoons of minced garlic
• about 1/2 to 3/4 a cup of chopped onions (I use the pre chopped frozen onions and pre minced garlic)
• 1 quart of water
• 4 bullion cubes (the ones I had were chicken flavor)
• two bay leaves
• one table spoon of olive oil
• half a stick of butter
• table spoon of salt
• teaspoon of pepper
• one and a half tablespoons of pure sugarcane (golden brown)
• about a cup and a half of red wine ( I used port wine and it tasted great... In the food that is...)

Directions:
First put the minced garlic and chopped onion in a pan by themselves and sear in the pan at medium heat for about 4 or 5 minutes, add the onion and garlic to 1 quart of hot water with the 4 bullion cubes dissolved in it.
Next pan sear the roast in the same pan used to sear the garlic and onion, and sear all sides, basically gives it some color and picks up some of the garlic and onion sear left in the pan. About 4 or 5 min.
Put roast in the crock pot (with the string on, if wrapped in string) and drizzle some olive oil on the roast.. about 1 table spoon, maybe less... Just over the top of it.
Add cut up potatoes in 1 inch cubes.. and baby carrots to the crock pot. Another 5 min of prep time.
Pour the onions, garlic, broth mix over the roast add the 1/2 stick of butter to the mix in the crock pot.
Add the two bay leaves to the mix.
Add the 1 & 1/2 tablespoons of sugar.
Then add the cup and half of red wine. I had about a third of a bottle of some old $8 bottle of port in the cabinet and used that. Gave it a wonderful flavor.
Then set the crock pot on high for about 4 to 5 hours and then set to low for another 2 to 3 hours... Total cook time about 7 hours. You could cook on low for 10 hours too probably... I just checked it with an instant read thermometer to make sure it was above 140F degrees. It was cooking around 100F in the beginning and then was around 180F+ after 3 or 4 hours or so.

Submitter: 
_Happy_Cook_
Description: 
The meat just fell apart.. It was sooo good!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 to 20 min
Ready in:
5 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
