URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63792125/skinny-spaghetti-squash-alfredo/
Title:
Skinny Spaghetti Squash Alfredo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1052077.jpg
Ingredients:
1 medium-sized spaghetti squash
1 Tablespoon butter
3 cloves of garlic, finely minced
2 Tablespoons flour
1 1/2 cups milk(I used fat-free)
1 Tablespoon cream cheese or Neufchatel cheese
1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, plus 2 Tablespoons extra for topping
1/4 teaspoon kosher salt
1/8 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
Crushed red pepper flakes and fresh parsley, for optional garnish

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
First, prep the squash. Cut spaghetti squash in half using a large sharp knife, scoop out the seeds and place cut side down on a rimmed baking sheet covered with water. Bake until tender, about an hour.
As an alternate way of baking: Poke a few holes deep into the whole squash with a paring knife. Bake for 60 minutes, remove from the oven and let rest for 10 to 20 minutes before slicing in half with a large serrated knife. Scoop out the seedy inside leaving the spaghetti strands.
Once squash is cooked, use a fork to gently scrape the “spaghetti” strands into the center.
For the sauce, melt butter in a small pot over medium-low heat. Once hot, add garlic and sauté for 1-2 minutes. Whisk in flour, cooking for another minute while stirring. Whisk in milk until no lumps remain. Once hot, add cream cheese and stir until smooth. Remove from the heat. Stir in Parmesan, salt and pepper.
Spoon sauce equally into each spaghetti squash half. Gently pull up the spaghetti strands to coat as much as possible with the sauce. Top with extra Parmesan and place under the broiler of your oven for 2-3 minutes, or until golden and bubbly.
Top each half with a pinch of red pepper flakes and fresh chopped parsley, if desired. Serve hot.

Submitter: 
Maceyann88
Description: 
Some of you are probably thinking, “what the heck is this thing?” and “is that really spaghetti in there?” It’s a spaghetti squash and nope, no pasta here. This is the squash’s natural texture when baked… cool, huh?

It’s not only beautiful but absolutely delicious. Spaghetti squash has a very slight sweetness that really complements any savory flavors you stuff into it.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
1 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
