URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63790627/gluten-free-pineapple-upside-down-cake/
Title:
Gluten Free Pineapple Upside Down Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
To make the fruit topping layer:
1/2 cup butter
1-1/2 cups brown sugar
1 (20 ounce) can crushed pineapple
half of 1 (14.5 ounce) can whole dark sweet cherries
1/4 cup sweet vermouth
To make the cake:
1 (19 ounce) package Bob's Red Mill GF Vanilla Cake Mix
3 large whole eggs
1/2 cup melted butter
1/2 cup pineapple juice
2 tsp. vanilla extract
1 tsp. powdered star anise

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees.
Drain the crushed pineapple in a sieve or small strainer, catching the juice in a bowl. Press the pineapple with a spoon to extract as much juice as possible; reserve for the cake batter.
Place the 1/2 cup butter, brown sugar and sweet vermouth in a saucepan. Melt over low heat; whisk or stir with a fork before pouring the mixture over the bottom of the cake pan.
Drain and halve the cherries. (Sometimes the real non-maraschino ones still have pits inside.) Arrange the cherry pieces in the bottom of the cake pan; add the pineapple in scattered spoonfuls.
Prepare the cake batter following these directions: beat the eggs in an electric mixer for 30 seconds at a medium-low speed until combined.
Add the melted butter, anise, vanilla and pineapple juice, then beat the mixture for 60 seconds at a medium-low speed until all the ingredients are combined.
Add the cake mix gradually, approximately half a cup at a time, using a spatula to scrape the bowl several times. The batter will be shiny and full-bodied when it is properly combined, almost like meringue.
Pour the batter over the fruit mixture slowly, nudging it around with a spatula, until the entire pan is covered.
Bake until the cake layer appears golden-brown and completely set, approximately 1 hour. Cool for 15 minutes, run a knife along the edge of the cake pan to loosen the cake, cover the pan with a plate or platter, and invert.

Submitter: 
qwertycook
Description: 
My gluten-free take on a midwestern classic. The sweet vermouth and star anise bring out the tang in the pineapple. Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 mins.
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
