URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63793840/sourdough-bread/
Title:
Sourdough Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups water
1 1/2 teaspoons yeast
2 cups sourdough starter
4-5 cups  flour
1 1/2 Tablespoon sea salt (or table salt)

Directions:
Feed & activate starter overnight.
Remove appropriate amount of starter for recipe. Feed the remaining starter and set aside for future use.
Add water and yeast to starter and stir until yeast is dissolved.
Add 4-5 cups of flour, one cup at a time & mixing completely between each cup. When the dough becomes too stiff to stir, turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface to knead.
Knead for a minute or two just to bring the dough together into a ball. Sprinkle the dough with some of the remaining flour and let sit for 5 minutes.
After 5 minutes, flatten the dough slightly with the palm of your hand and sprinkle on half of the salt. Fold the dough in half, flatten again, and sprinkling on the rest of the salt. Fold in half and knead the dough for 10 minutes.
Let the dough sit for another 5 minutes and then knead for a final 10 minutes. The dough is ready if it springs back when you poke it with your finger.
Set to rise for 1-2 hours. Divide into two balls and allow them to rise for 20-30 minutes. Shape into loaves and allow to rise to the top of the pans. (1-2 hours at room temperature or overnight in the fridge. If rising in refrigerator, allow to come to room temperature while preheating oven.
Preheat oven to 450. While oven is preheating, bring 2 cups of water to a boil.
Slash tops of loaves 3x at an angle. Add boiling water to a pan on the bottom shelf of the oven. Add loaves on middle rack and immediately close the door to trap in the steam.
After 10 minutes, rotate the loaves and check their color. If they are darkening quickly, reduce oven temperature to 400 (I almost always do). Continue baking for a total of 25-30 minutes. Loaves should be golden brown and sound hollow when knocked. Remove from pans immediately & cool comple

Submitter: 
mrsflyvt
Description: 
A delicious and easy to make loaf with good sourdough flavor. Bread and crust both have great texture & flavor.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
overnight
Ready in:
4-12 h
Number of servings: 
32
Nutritional Facts:
NA
