URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63795533/dinner-rolls-made-with-healthy-coconut-oil/
Title:
Dinner Rolls Made With Healthy Coconut Oil Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1053068.jpg
Ingredients:
5 Cups of Bread Flour
4 envelopes of Dry Yeast (I buy yeast in bulk and throw in two palm fulls so if it does not rise well for you add more yeast next time).
1 1/2 Teaspoons Salt
1/4 Cup of Sugar
1 1/2 Cups Milk
1 Cup of Water
1/3 Cup of Coconut Oil

Directions:
Combine about 1/2 of the flour, sugar, and salt in large bowl. Proof your yeast. Heat the milk and water together with the coconut oil, heat to about 120 degrees F.  Add to the flour mix along with the yeast and beat about 2 min. on high speed.  Stir in the remaining flour until the dough is soft,elastic and pulls away from the sides of the bowl. Dough will be sticky.
Place on a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic,add more flour if needed. Knead about 10 min. Cover and let rise until double in bulk.
Divide dough into equal size balls and place two balls each in each cup of a greased muffin pan.  Try to be sure all the balls are equal in size. Makes  2 dozen rolls. Cover and place in a warm place to rise until double in bulk. Place in a preheated 375 Degree F oven.  Bake 20 min. or until golden brown.  Remove from oven and brush tops with butter or coconut oil.

Submitter: 
Texaslady
Description: 
I grew up in my families restaurant. I revamped this recipe to make it a little more healthy.  Original recipe was one of my dad's who was a master chef. People came from all over West Texas to eat Stanton's Hot Rolls and cake donuts. I had gained to almost 200 lbs. and decided to make some changes.  At 75 pounders lighter I'm changing the recipes.  Took out the bad cholesterol and added the good. I took out the eggs and cut the salt in half. M.Stanton Weeks
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
