URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63790258/savory-and-sweet-apricot-glazed-cocktail-meatballs/
Title:
Savory and Sweet Apricot Glazed Cocktail Meatballs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb. Ground Beef- 90/10 if possible
1 lb. Ground Pork
1 lb. Ground Turkey
2 Tbs. Tomato Paste
1 Egg
1 Cup Quick Cook Oats
1 Tbs. Zesty Spaghetti seasoning or Italian seasoning if can’t find the other
4 Cloves of Garlic-Grated
2 Medium Onions Diced Fine
1 Medium Bell Pepper Diced Fine
½ Cup freshly grated Romano Cheese
½ Cup freshly chopped Italian Leaf Parsley
1 tsp. Salt
1 tsp. Black Pepper
¼ Teaspoon Red Pepper Flakes (Optional)
1 Tbs. Sugar
GLAZE
2 Large Bottles of Heinz 57 Sauce
2 Large Jars of Apricot Preserves
1 Cup of nice White Wine

Directions:
Combine all of the above ingredients well; be sure your meat is almost at room temperature when you mix it to make sure it is well blended.  I use a 1 oz scoop to measure the mixture and help form into meatballs. I bake them on a well sprayed Broiler to allow for the grease to flow down and do them in batches. Set your oven to about 375 and make sure that you do not overcook them, about 13-25 minutes is plenty. When done place them in a large mixing bowl to add the glaze. Mix with glaze well and place in chafing dish—they will cook a in the dish as well, this is the reason NOT to overcook them.
Glaze
2 Large Bottles of Heinz 57 Sauce
2 Large Jars of Apricot Preserves
Mix Well over low heat.
Add 1 Cup of an excellent white wine, yes I know it’s the wrong type.
Allow to simmer and cook till raw alcohol is removed and mellows with the sauce, Combine with your meatballs for a unique treat for a cocktail party most have not tried.

Submitter: 
mtgraham2
Description: 
A Savory and sweet Cocktail Meatball that is an excellent version instead of the traditional chili sauce inspired glaze.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
60
Nutritional Facts:
NA
