URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63805721/chicken-and-mushroom-risotto/
Title:
Chicken and Mushroom Risotto Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1055448.jpg
Ingredients:
7-8 cups chicken broth
Half stick of butter
1 tablespoon of extra virgin olive oil
10 ounce package of mushrooms thinly sliced
5 raw chicken cutlets cut into small dice (easiest when partially frozen)
1/2 large onion finely chopped
2 1/2 cups arborio rice (or other short grain)
3/4 cup dry white wine
3/4 cup grated pecorino Romano cheese

Directions:
In medium sauce pan bring chicken broth to a simmer and keep covered.
Melt 1/3 of the butter in a large pot and cook mushrooms until softened, about 5 mins. Remove from pot along with juices and set aside.
Melt 1/3 of the butter along with the olive oil and sauté chicken quickly until no longer pink. Remove from pot along with juices and set aside.
Melt remaining butter and sauté onions just until until translucent. Add rice to pot and stir to coat the rice with the butter and oil. When the rice begins to get opaque, add the wine and stir very frequently until the wine is absorbed. When wine is absorbed, set your timer to 35 mins and add simmering broth 1/2 cup at a time (i just use my ladle) and stir frequently until broth is absorbed. I keep the stove on low....rice and broth should very lightly bubble. When absorbed, add another ladle and stir frequently until broth is absorbed. Keep repeating this process for the whole 35 mins. You may or may not use all the broth. At the end of the 35 mins, add in another ladle of broth, the chicken and mushrooms and their juices and stir well. Allow to simmer another 5 mins. Turn off the stove and add cheese and mix well. Cover and let sit for a few minutes. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Bealexa
Description: 
This is my famous recipe for delicious authentic risotto. The original family recipe uses veal instead of chicken but a few years ago I substituted chicken and it was still a hit! Plus I don't eat veal so I never really got to eat this dish when I made it.  Feel free to use the veal instead of you prefer. This makes a ton of risotto but it NEVER lasts in my house. Hope you like this one. This is my first recipe post....I'm a newbie here!  Please let me know if you try this one and if you like it.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
25 mins
Ready in:
65 mins
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
