URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63802790/apple-braid/
Title:
Apple Braid Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
! For the Apple Filling 3 medium-size Granny Smith apples 3 tablespoons granulated sugar 1 1/2 teaspoons cinnamon 2 teaspoons lemon juice For the Bread (note: before you panic about making bread, I have done this recipe using Pillsbury Crescent Roll Dough that I simply roll out & pinch the seams closed and then proceed with the slicing - so if you don't want to make bread dough - try this shortcut!) 2 1/2 cups bread flour 1/4 cup granulated sugar 1 tablespoon instant yeast (I prefer SAF Instant Yeast) 3/4 teaspoon salt 1 cup warm water 2 1/4 teaspoons vegetable oil For the Glaze: 1/3 cup confectioner’s sugar, sifted 5 teaspoons whipping cream 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract Pinch of kosher salt Pinch of nutmeg

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit. Make the Apple Filling: Peel, core, and slice the apples into thin slices, then cut the slices in half. Toss the apple pieces with the sugar, cinnamon, and lemon juice. Bake the apple filling in an 8-inch square baking pan (or 9-inch pie tin) for 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside. (Note: Do not turn the oven off at this point. You will be using it to bake the finished braid.) Make the Bread: While the apple filling is baking, begin preparing the bread dough. Mix the dry ingredients together in a large mixing bowl. Add the water and oil and mix the dough for 6 minutes using an electric mixer on medium-high speed. Spray a smooth clean surface with cooking spray and turn the dough out onto the surface. Knead the dough briefly to give it a smooth surface (this will only take several turns of the dough to accomplish). Spray a rolling pin with cooking spray and roll the dough out into a large rectangle, about 12-inches by 16-inches in size.

Submitter: 
Cecilia Power Garbaravage
Description: 
apple braid
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
