URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63804374/double-layer-pumpkin-pie-with-ginger-graham-crust/
Title:
Double Layer Pumpkin Pie with Ginger Graham Crust Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
THE CRUST:
1-¼ cup Graham Cracker Crumbs
¼ cups Sugar
¼ teaspoons Ginger
5 Tablespoons Butter
THE FIRST LAYER:
5 ounces, Cream Cheese
1 Tablespoon Sugar
Stabilized Whipped Cream (see recipe below on how to make Stablized whipping cream)
Ingredients for the Stabilizied Whipped Cream
2 tablespoons cold water.
1 teaspoon unflavored gelatin
2 cups chilled whipping cream
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1-2 tablespoons icing sugarTHE SECOND LAYER:
2 packages 4 Oz Boxes Instant French Vanilla Pudding
1 cup Heavy Cream (whipping cream)
1 can (16 Oz. Can) Pumpkin Puree
1 teaspoon Cinnamon
½ teaspoons Ginger
* Optional Chopped nuts to sprinkle on top
* Optional Whipping cream to dollop on top
* Optonal Glaze to pour on top
THE HONEY GLAZE:
2/3 cup honey
1/4 cup light brown sugar
2 2/3 oz. (1/3 cup)unsalted butter
1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract

Directions:
1.In a 9-inch pie plate, mix graham cracker crumbs, sugar and ginger together with a fork.
2.Melt butter and pour over the crumb mixture and gently press into the pie plate. Place in the fridge for about 10 minutes while you prep the rest of the pie.
First layer:
1.Soften cream cheese for about 15 seconds in the microwave.
2.Combine softened cream cheese, sugar and cream in a large bowl and beat until smooth.
3.Gently stir in Stabilized Whipping Cream until well incorporated. Spread on the crust in a smooth layer.
Second layer:
1.In a large bowl, pour in cream and add pudding packages. Beat with a whisk for about a minute with an electric hand mixer. Add the pumpkin and spices and blend until smooth. Add this mixture to the top of the first layer and spread it out until smooth. Refrigerate for a minimum of 4 hours.
INSTRUCTIONS FOR STABILIZED WHIPPED CREAM
This is what to use instead of Cool-Whip for a non-synthetic healtler choice.
1.In a very small saucepan, sprinkle gelatin over water and let stand for about 5 minutes to soften.
2.Heat gelatin mixture over low heat until gelatin is dissolved, then remove from heat.
3.Let it cool.
4.Beat cream in a well-chilled bowl.
5.Slowly add the icing sugar and vanilla to the whipped cream and whip until slightly stiff.
6.Add melted and cooled gelatin to the whipping cream
Continue whipping until cream holds its shape.
HONEY GLAZE:
1.In a small saucepan, bring honey, brown sugar and butter to a boil, stirring until sugar dissolves.
2.Add vanilla, and remove from heat. Let cool for 1 minute. Drizzle onto each piece of pie as you cut and serve it

Submitter: 
Gina Lee Lafreniere
Description: 
This delicious recipe will earn you much praise from your friends and family. Yummy food really is one of lifes pleasures. Eat drink and be merry and enjoy this recipe.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
4 hrs
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
