URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63800733/mac-attack-burger-bun/
Title:
Mac Attack Burger Bun Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 cups heavy whipping cream
4 sheets of gelatin
2/3 cups parmesan, finely grated
1 cup cheddar jack, shredded
1 tablespoon Gorgonzola, crumbled
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
3/4 cup cheddar, 1/4" cubed
8 cups cooked cavatappi pasta
2 13x9" baking pan
Parchment paper
Non stick spray
3.25" round biscuit cutter
1 cup all-purpose flour
2 eggs, beaten
1 cup coarse panko bread crumbs
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon black pepper
1/2 cup vegetable oil

Directions:
Heat cream in a large sauce pan and simmer until reduced about a third and it lightly coats the back of a spoon. Whisk in gelatin sheets until dissolved. Whisk in Parmesan, cheddar jack, gorgonzola and salt and pepper.
Place the pasta in a large mixing bowl and pour the cheese sauce over the pasta. Mix until well combined. Allow to cool to room temperature and then fold in the cheddar cubes.
Line 13x9 baking sheet with parchment paper, spray bottom and sides of pan with non stick spray. Pour mac and cheese into pan and spread out evenly. Lightly spread an additional sheet of parchment paper and place on top of the mac.
Set the second pan on top to press down the mac, place a few cans to weigh down the top pan to press the mac. Chill for at least 3 hours, until fully chilled and set.
Season flour with 1/4 teaspoon of each salt and pepper.
Season bread crumbs with 1/4 teaspoon of each salt and pepper.
Using the biscuit cutter, cut out 6 each mac discs. Dredge in flour, dip in egg and then in the bread crumbs.
Heat a large frying pan or skillet on high, add in vegetable oil and lightly pan fry breaded mac discs until golden on both sides. Drain on paper towel lined plate.
Lightly season burger patties with salt and pepper and grill on high heat until desired doneness.
Mix together the sriracha and ketchup.
Place one hot mac disc on a plate and then layer lettuce, tomato slice, burger patty, sprinkle of chopped scallions and a drizzle with sriracha ketchup, top with second mac disc.

Submitter: 
Ralph Libby
Description: 
Tasty twist on the burger!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
3 hrs
Ready in:
5 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
