URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63808948/baked-sweet-potato-fries/
Title:
Baked Sweet Potato Fries Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
• Sweet potatoes. I’d plan on at least one per person.
• Olive oil. A couple of tablespoons or so.
• 1 teaspoon corn starch or a big sprinkle’s worth.
• Salt, pepper and spices.
• 1 teaspoon cumin
• 1 teaspoon paprika
(or any spices of your choosing, such as cayenne pepper, paprika or curry powder. Garlic is great as well. It’s up to you!)

Directions:
1. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Peel the sweet potatoes and cut them into fry-shaped pieces (see photos). Try to cut them into similarly sized pieces so the fries will bake evenly.
2. Toss the uncooked fries into a mixing bowl or a plastic bag, or just onto your baking sheet. Pour in a few tablespoons of olive oil, enough to lightly coat the fries. Season with salt, pepper, and spices. Sprinkle in corn starch. I’d try to use half a teaspoon per potato or so. Mix/shake to distribute evenly.
3. Pour the fries onto a non-stick baking sheet or a baking sheet covered with parchment paper (aluminum foil produces mixed results). Arrange the fries in a single layer. It is very important to keep them in a single layer, otherwise they will never crisp up. It’s best to give each fry a bit of room on the baking sheet.
4. Bake for 15 minutes, then flip the fries so they can cook on all sides. I find the easiest way to flip them is with a metal spatula. Section by section, scoop up about ten fries and flip them with a quick turn of the wrist.
5. Bake for 10 to 15 more minutes, until the fries are crispy. You’ll know they’re done when the surface of the fries change from shiny orange to a more matte, puffed up texture. It’s essential to bake them long enough, otherwise they won’t be crispy. Don’t worry if the edges are a little bit brown, they will taste more caramelized than burnt.

Submitter: 
S Clucas
Description: 
Recipe from Cookie and Kate and these fries are delicious.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
