URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63808947/the-bearettes-croquettes/
Title:
The Bearette's Croquettes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6.0 oz skinless chicken breast (a bit less than one breast)
2 Tbsp olive oil
0.6 oz finely chopped onion
0.2 oz finely chopped garlic (about 1 large clove)
1.8 oz swiss chard (or spinach or kale) finely sliced
2 Tbsp water
7.0 oz tilapia filet (about one normal sized filet) cut into 4 pieces
1/2 tsp salt
2 pinches of black pepper
2 pinches of sage
2 Tbsp coconut flour
2 eggs
-----------------
1 Tbsp coconut flour
1 Tbsp almond flour
2 Tbsp coconut oil

Directions:
Sauté onion and garlic in olive oil; add chicken and cook, stirring occasionally, until almost done. Add chard and cook until all are done. Put 2 Tbsp water in a ceramic baking dish with the tilapia and microwave until done - about 5 minutes.
Turn chicken, veggies, and tilapia out onto a cutting board and chop all until fairly fine. Place in a large mixing bowl and add salt, pepper, and sage, then stir to mix all together well.
In a separate small bowl, beat two eggs until well combined, then add eggs and coconut flour to the chicken/fish mixture. The resulting batter/dough should be fairly thick. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the frig for 1-2 hours.
Put 1 Tbsp each almond and coconut flour in a shallow bowl and mix well; put 2 Tbsp coconut oil in a skillet and heat on moderate heat. Remove batter/dough from frig and form into about 1 to 1-1/2 inch balls, then flatten into a thick pancake shape about 1/2" thick and 1-3/4" diameter. Lightly dust with coconut/almond flour mixture and put in the hot skillet; they should start sizzling immediately. Cook until nicely browned, then turn and continue cooking until both sides are nicely browned (about 4-6 minutes or so per side).
Remove and place on a paper towel to drain. Makes about 14-15 croquettes.

Submitter: 
Poppa Bear
Description: 
Made especially for a Paleo or Ketogenic diets, as these are low in carbs but high in protein and fat. Together with my Polar Bear Bars, they make for easy travel fare!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
