URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63800781/almond-crusted-pork-chops-with-apples/
Title:
Almond crusted pork chops with apples Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For pork:
3/4 cup whole almonds, toasted
3/4 cup panko bread crumbs
1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest (reserve the orange)
4 (1-inch-thick) boneless pork chops (about 8 ounces each)
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
5 tablespoons Dijon mustard
2 egg yolks
2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
For apples:
2 tablespoons unsalted butter
2 shallots, sliced
2 golden delicious apples, peeled and cut into 1-inch chunks
1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
1 teaspoon packed brown sugar
Juice of 1 orange
1/2 cup chicken stock

Directions:
Preparation
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees.
To make the pork chops:
In a food processor, pulse the almonds to coarse crumbs, about the size of the panko. Mix together the panko and almonds in a shallow dish and stir in the orange zest. Season the crumbs and pork chops with salt and pepper. In another small dish, mix the mustard and egg yolk together. Brush the chops with the mustard mixture, then dredge all over in the crumbs.
Heat a large skillet over medium heat and add the olive oil. When the oil is hot, brown the chops on both sides, about 2 minutes per side. Remove them to a plate. To make the apples, wipe skillet clean and set over medium heat. Melt the butter. Add the shallots and cook until wilted, about 3 minutes. Add the apples and cook and toss until they begin to brown, about 3 minutes. Add the rosemary and season with salt and pepper. Add the brown sugar, orange juice and chicken stock and bring everything to a boil. Cook just until the sauce comes together, then put the chops on top of the apples and bake until the chops are just cooked through, about 8 to 10 minutes.

Submitter: 
Ralph Libby
Description: 
Almond crusted pork W/ Apples
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min.
Ready in:
45 min.
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
