URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63808372/buffalo-chicken-garbage-bread/
Title:
Buffalo Chicken Garbage Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 boneless chicken breasts
1 tsp. olive oil
1 pizza dough (I used store bought and let it sit out for about 20 minutes)
8 oz. of shredded mozzarella cheese (I used part skim)
3 oz. of shredded cheddar cheese
1/2 cup of Franks Wing Sauce
1/3 cup of ranch or blue cheese dressing

Directions:
Cut chicken into cubes. Season with salt and pepper. Heat teaspoon of olive oil in skillet and add chicken when hot. Cook chicken completely and then add 1/4 cup of wing sauce. Stir to coat chicken and let simmer for a minute or two. Take chicken off heat and let cool.
Pre-heat oven to 425 degrees F.**
On a well floured surface, spread pizza dough into a long rectangle shape.
Add ranch dressing or blue cheese dressing (depending on your preference!) and remaining 1/4 cup of wing sauce. Spread across the dough. Add chicken and then top with mozzarella and cheddar cheese. You can also add a bit more of the wing sauce on top of the cheese if you want it to be a little bit spicier.
Roll the dough like a pinwheel until you reach the end. Make sure to tuck the ends of the dough in so the middle doesn't 'ooze' out when baking.
Spray baking sheet with light coat of non-stick cooking spray. Place garbage bread on the pan and bake for 20 to 25 minutes.
Let sit for five minutes and cut into and enjoy!
**Some people have commented that they found this cooked too quickly and the inside is raw. All ovens vary and cook differently. I would highly recommend that the rack you use is in the middle of the oven as opposed to the bottom rack or really high up in the oven where it will brown more quickly. You could also lower the temperature to 400 degrees, but it may take a little longer to cook!

Submitter: 
Cecilia Power Garbaravage
Description: 
Buffalo Chicken Garbage Bread
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
