URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63808972/polar-bear-bread-bars/
Title:
Polar Bear Bread Bars Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1107600.jpg
Ingredients:
2.9 oz mushrooms, chopped
0.3 oz garlic finely chopped (approx. 2 med. cloves)
1.0 oz onion finely chopped
1.0 oz frozen cooked spinach, thawed, drained and chopped
1-1/2 Tbsp coconut oil
2/3 cup almond flour
1/3 cup coconut flour
3 Tbsp flaxseed meal
1/2 tsp salt
1/8 tsp pepper
2 Tbsp butter, softened to room temperature
1 Tbsp olive oil
4 Tbsp water
2 eggs

Directions:
Heat coconut oil in a small skillet, then sauté garlic and onion. Add mushrooms and continue cooking until mushrooms are done. Add spinach and continue cooking until all are done and heated through. Turn out onto a cutting board and chop chop chop until all ingredients are finely diced.
In a bowl, measure almond and coconut flours, add flaxseed meal, salt, and pepper and mix thoroughly. Put butter and 1 Tbsp olive oil in a small bowl and blend until smooth. Add butter mixture to the flours and cut in using a pastry cutter or knives until crumbly.
Add vegetable mixture to the flour/butter mixture, being sure to add any remaining coconut oil from the sauté pan. In a small bowl, beat two eggs and 4 Tbsp water until well mixed and set aside about 1.5 Tbsp of this mixture, then add to the flour/veggie mixture and mix all ingredients well.
Place a sheet of parchment paper on a cookie sheet and turn mixture into it. Pat down until about 1" thick and shape into a rectangle. Put another sheet of parchment paper on top and roll down to about 1/2" thickness. Peel off upper parchment paper and cut to shape, trimming off edges and adding them to corners until you have a uniform rectangle, re-rolling as necessary until you have shaped it into a single mass about 5" wide x 7 or so inches long and 1/2" thick.
Cut once lengthwise and move the two halves slightly apart - about 1/8". Then cut into a series of about 1/2" wide bars, then move them also about 1/8" apart so heat can penetrate through the sides.
Bake in an oven preheated to 325 degrees for about 25 minutes or until bar edges are lightly browned. Remove from oven, increase temperature to 400 degrees, and brush tops and sides with the saved egg mixture before baking for 5 more minutes.

Submitter: 
Poppa Bear
Description: 
Made especially for a Paleo or Ketogenic diets, as these are low in carbs but high in  fat and protein. Together with my Bearette's Croquettes, they make for easy travel fare!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
