URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63808979/killer-crackers/
Title:
Killer Crackers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1106973.jpg
Ingredients:
0.5 oz frozen chopped spinach, defrosted and well-drained
1.8 oz raw chopped mushroom
2 med. cloves garlic, minced (0.2 oz)
0.6 oz chopped onion
1 Tbsp coconut oil
2 eggs
1/3 cup almond flour
1/3 cup coconut flour
2 T flaxseed meal
1/2 tsp salt
dash pepper
1 Tbsp olive oil
2 Tbsp water

Directions:
Heat coconut oil in a skillet, cook onions and garlic till tender. Add mushrooms and continue cooking until they are mostly done, then add spinach until it is warmed through. Remove from heat and set aside to cool slightly.
Mix almond and coconut flour, salt, pepper, and flaxseed meal in a bowl until well combined. Turn out cooked veggies onto a cutting board and dice until all ingredients are very finely chopped. Add veggies to flour mixture, then add olive oil and water and mix all ingredients thoroughly. Dough/batter should be fairly moist but should hold its own form.
Place a sheet of parchment paper on a cookie sheet and turn out mixture onto it. Press down fairly flat and rectangular, then place another sheet of parchment paper on top and roll until very very thin - like 1/16". Remove top parchment paper and cut sides evenly, removing excess and adding it to corners or one end & re-roll until uniform thickness and a good rectangular shape.
Using a pizza cutter, cut into regular squares about 1" on a side, but don't separate. Bake in a preheated oven at 350ยบ for 18-20 minutes or until edges are browned. Remove and let cool, then break into squares and store.

Submitter: 
Poppa Bear
Description: 
Made especially for a Paleo or Ketogenic diets, as these are low in carbs but high in protein and fat. For a quicker cracker, also check out my Almond 'You Must Be Nuts!' Crackers! For some other alternative ketogenic recipes, check out my Polar Bear Bars and The Bearette's Croquettes!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
