URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63800764/orecchiette-w-sausage-fava-and-mint/
Title:
Orecchiette W/ Sausage, Fava, and Mint Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound wild boar sausage, removed from casings
3 ounces pancetta, chopped very finely
1 tablespoon fennel seeds, toasted and ground
11/2 teaspoons crushed red pepper
Kosher salt
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
1 cup sliced shallots
1 clove garlic, sliced
1 pound orecchiette
1 cup fava beans, blanched
1 cup peas, blanched
2 tablespoons (1 ounce) unsalted butter, cut into pieces
1 cup pea shoots
1/2 cup freshly grated
Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese
2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh mint

Directions:
In a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook, mix the sausage, pancetta, fennel, and crushed red pepper until combined. Cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours and up to 24 hours to let the flavors meld.
Bring a large pot of well-salted water to a boil. Heat the olive oil in a large sauté pan over medium heat. Spread half of the sausage mixture over half of the pan in a thin patty. (Reserve the other half of the sausage for future good eating; it freezes well.) Cook the sausage undisturbed to brown one side.
At the same time, on the other side of the pan, add the shallots and cook, stirring occasionally until tender, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and continue to cook until the shallots are a deep brown, another 5 minutes. Use a spoon or spatula to mix the sausage well with the shallots and garlic, and continue to cook until the sausage no longer looks raw.
Cook the orecchiette until not quite al dente. Add ¾ cup of the pasta cooking water to the sauté pan, increase the heat, and use a spatula to scrape up any brown bits in the pan. Add the fava beans and peas and toss to combine.
Reserve some of the pasta cooking water and drain the pasta. Add the pasta, the butter, and ½ cup of the pasta cooking water to the pan. Take the pan off the heat. Reserve about ¼ cup of the pea shoots and add the rest to the pan. Add the Parmigiano-Reggiano and mint and toss well. If the pasta looks dry, add a little more of the pasta water. Divide among serving bowls and top with the reserved pea shoots.

Submitter: 
Ralph Libby
Description: 
Delicous Dish
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min.
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
