URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63810032/atk-creamy-risotto/
Title:
ATK Creamy Risotto Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
5 cups low sodium chicken broth
1 1/2 cups water
4 T butter
1 large onion, chopped fine (about 1 1/2 cups)
Table salt
1 medium garlic clove, minced or pressed through a garlic press (about 1 teaspoon)
2 cups Arborio rice
1 cup dry white wine
2 ounces grated Parmesan cheese (about 1 cup)
1 teaspoon juice from 1 lemon
2 T chopped fresh parsley leaves
2 T chopped fresh chives
Ground black pepper

Directions:
*Follow exactly and use a timer*
1. Bring broth and water to boil in large saucepan over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low to maintain gentle simmer.
2. Heat 2 tablespoons butter in large Dutch oven over medium heat. When butter has melted, add onion and ¾ teaspoon salt; cook, stirring frequently, until onion is softened but not browned, 4 to 7 minutes. Add garlic and stir until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add rice and cook, stirring frequently, until grains are translucent around edges, about 3 minutes.
3. Add wine and cook, stirring constantly, until fully absorbed, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir 5 cups hot broth mixture into rice; reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until almost all liquid has been absorbed and rice is just al dente, 16 to 19 minutes, stirring twice during cooking.
4. Add ¾ cup hot broth mixture and stir gently and constantly until risotto becomes creamy, about 3 minutes. Stir in Parmesan. Remove pot from heat, cover, and let stand 5 minutes. Stir in remaining 2 tablespoons butter, lemon juice, parsley, and chives; season with salt and pepper to taste. If desired, add up to ½ cup remaining broth mixture to loosen texture of risotto. Serve immediately

Submitter: 
Litegal1
Description: 
Be sure to use a Dutch oven to cook in and have timer ready as this is a minimal-stir method.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
