URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63811449/atk-spicy-shredded-pork-tostados/
Title:
ATK Spicy Shredded Pork Tostados Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Tinga:
2 pounds boneless pork butt, trimmed of excess fat and cut into 1-inch pieces (1 1/2# trimmed meat)
2 medium onions, 1 quartered and 1 chopped fine
5 medium garlic cloves, 3 peeled and smashed and 2 minced or pressed through garlic press (about 2 teaspoons)
4 sprigs fresh thyme
Table salt
2 tablespoons olive oil
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano
1 (14.5-ounce) can tomato sauce
1 tablespoon ground chipotle powder (or 2 minced canned chipoltes)
2 bay leaves
Tostadas
3/4 cup  vegetable oil
12(6-inch) corn tortillas
Table salt
Garnishes
Queso fresco or feta cheese
Fresh cilantro leaves
Sour cream
Diced avocado
Lime wedge

Directions:
FOR THE TINGA:
Bring pork, quartered onion, smashed garlic cloves, thyme, 1 teaspoon salt, and 6 cups water to simmer in large saucepan over medium-high heat, skimming off any foam that rises to surface.
Reduce heat to medium-low, partially cover, and cook until pork is tender, 75 to 90 minutes. Drain pork, reserving 1 cup cooking liquid. Discard onion, garlic, and thyme. Return pork to saucepan and, using potato masher, mash until shredded into rough ½-inch pieces; set aside.
Heat olive oil in 12-inch nonstick skillet over medium-high heat until shimmering. Add shredded pork, chopped onion, and oregano; cook, stirring often, until pork is well browned and crisp, 7 to 10 minutes. Add minced garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds.
Stir in tomato sauce, chipotle powder, reserved pork cooking liquid, and bay leaves; simmer until almost all liquid has evaporated, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove and discard bay leaves and season with salt to taste.
TO FRY TOSTADAS: Heat vegetable oil in 8-inch heavy-bottomed skillet over medium heat to 350 degrees. Using fork, poke center of each tortilla 3 or 4 times (to prevent puffing and allow for even cooking). Fry 1 at a time, holding metal potato masher in upright position on top of tortilla to keep it submerged until crisp and lightly browned, 45 to 60 seconds (no flipping is necessary). Drain on paper towel-lined plate and season with salt to taste. Repeat with remaining tortillas.
TO SERVE: Spoon small amount of shredded pork onto center of each tostada and serve, passing garnishes separately.

Submitter: 
Litegal1
Description: 
ATK
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
