URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63818797/caramel-pecan-apple-pie/
Title:
Caramel Pecan Apple Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the crust:
2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup shortening, chilled
6 tablespoons ice water
For the filling:
8 Granny Smith apples
1/2 cup unsalted butter
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1/4 cup water
1/2 cup white sugar
1/2 cup packed brown sugar
2 t vanilla
1 t cinnamon
dash of nutmeg
For the caramel base:
1/3 cup butter
1/2 cup firmly packed brown sugar
1 cup chopped pecans

Directions:
Prepare the dough: Whisk the flour and salt together in a medium-size bowl. With a pastry blender, cut in the cold shortening until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Drizzle 5 to 6 tablespoons ice water over flour. Toss mixture with a fork to moisten, adding more water a few drops at a time until the dough comes together. Gently gather dough particles together into 2 equal balls. Wrap separately in plastic wrap, and chill for at least 30 minutes before rolling.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9-inch pie plate with wax paper. Peel, core, and slice the apples.
Prepare the filling: Melt 1/2 cup butter in a saucepan. Stir in flour to form a paste. Add 1/4 cup water, 1/2 c white sugar, 1/2 c brown sugar, vanilla, cinnamon and nutmeg, and bring to a boil. Reduce temperature and let simmer.
Prepare the caramel base: Melt 1/3 cup butter in a saucepan. Add 1/2 cup brown sugar and whisk until smooth. Stir in pecans.
Assemble the pie: Pour the caramel mixture into the lined pie plate and spread out evenly. Roll out one ball of dough, and place it over the mixture. Pour the apples into the filling and toss gently to coat. Then pour into the pie plate. Roll out the second ball of dough and place over the filling. Crimp the edges together with the bottom crust. Make several small slits in the top to allow steam to escape.
Place pie on foil-lined cookie sheet during baking to guard against spillage. Bake in preheated oven for about an hour, or until the crust is golden brown and the apples are tender.
Allow pie to cool for 5 minutes. Place serving plate over pie, and flip to invert, being careful not to come in contact with molten sugar. Gently peel off the wax paper. Cool for 1 hour.

Submitter: 
Loriq
Description: 
This delicious pie is a hit at Thanksgiving - or anytime, really! It's a combination/adaptation of the Basic Flaky Pie Crust, Apple Pie by Grandma Ople, and Upside-Down Apple Pecan Pie.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
