URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63810244/atk-family-omlet-for-4/
Title:
ATK Family Omlet for 4 Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Filling Ingredients
8 slices  bacon (about 8 ounces), minced
1 large ripe tomato, cored, seeded, and chopped fine
1/2 green bell pepper, stemmed, seeded, and chopped fine
4 medium cloves  garlic, minced or pressed through a garlic press (about 4 teaspoons)
Omelet
8 large eggs
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon ground black pepper
2 tablespoons unsalted butter
3 ounces shredded pepper Jack cheese (about 3/4 cup)

Directions:
For the Filling:
Fry the bacon in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over medium-high heat until crisp, about 8 minutes. Stir in the tomato and bell pepper and cook until the vegetables are softened, about 6 minutes. Stir in the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Transfer the mixture to a paper towel-lined plate. Wipe the skillet clean with paper towels.
For the Omelet:
Whisk the eggs, salt, and pepper together. Melt the butter in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over medium heat, swirling to coat the skillet, until the foaming subsides.
Add the eggs and bacon mixture and cook, stirring gently in a circular motion, until the mixture is slightly thickened, about 1 minute. Use a heatproof rubber spatula to pull the cooked edges of the egg toward the center of the pan, tilting the pan so the uncooked egg runs to the cleared edge of the pan. Repeat until the bottom of the omelet is just set but the top is still runny, about 1 minute.
Cover the skillet, reduce the heat to low, and cook until the top of the omelet begins to set but is still moist, about 5 minutes.
Remove the pan from the heat. Sprinkle the cheese evenly over the eggs, cover, and let sit until the cheese partially melts, about 1 minute. Slide half of the omelet onto a serving platter using the spatula, then tilt the skillet so the remaining omelet flips over onto itself, forming a half-moon shape. Cut into wedges and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Litegal1
Description: 
ATK
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
