URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63811809/clone-of-a-cranberry-bliss-bar-ii/
Title:
Clone of a Cranberry Bliss Bar II Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Frosting
4 oz         cream cheese, softened
3 cups    powdered sugar
1 TBSP    lemon juice
1 tsp       vanilla extract
Cake
¾ cup     butter, softened
1 cup      dark brown sugar, packed
3 ea        eggs
2 TBL      minced candied ginger
1 tsp       vanilla extract
½ tsp       salt
1 ½ cup  all-purpose flour
½ tsp       baking powder
¾ cup     chopped craisins
1 cup      white chocolate chips
Decoration
½ cup     powdered sugar
1 TBL      cream
¼ cup      sweetened dried cranberries, chopped
2 TBL      minced candied ginger

Directions:
Mix cream cheese, powdered sugar, lemon juice, and vanilla extract together in a large bowl with an electric mixer until smooth. Stir in cranberries and ginger. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit and butter a 9x13 inch baking pan.
Beat butter and brown sugar together in a large bowl with an electric mixer until smooth. Add the eggs, one at a time, and mix until incorporated. Stir in ginger, vanilla and salt.
Mix in flour and baking powder, beat until smooth. Stir in cranberries and white chocolate chips until combined.
Pour batter into the prepared pan and spread evenly.
Bake in the preheated oven until the cake is light brown on top and baked through, about 30 minutes. A toothpick inserted into the center should come out clean. Allow the cake to cool completely, 4 hours or overnight.
Remove frosting from the refrigerator 1 hour before frosting the cake. Spread evenly over the cooled cake
Whisk together powdered sugar and cream until smooth. Sprinkle ¼ cup cranberries and 2 TBL candied ginger evenly over the frosting. Drizzle sugar and cream mixture over the top.
Cover the cake and refrigerate until chilled, about 2 hours.
Cut cake in half lengthwise, then into 8 evenly-sized rectangles. Cut each rectangle in half diagonally to make a total of 16 triangle-shaped bars.

Submitter: 
CookieEater
Description: 
These festive and delicious bars taste just like the real deal!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
6 h 30 m
Ready in:
7 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
