URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63811262/atk-perfect-chocolate-chip-cookie/
Title:
ATK Perfect Chocolate Chip Cookie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1058900.jpg
Ingredients:
1 3/4 cups unbleached all-purpose flour (8 3/4 ounces)
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
14 tablespoons unsalted butter (1 3/4 sticks)
1/2 cup granulated sugar (3 1/2 ounces)
3/4 cups packed dark brown sugar (5 1/4 ounces)
1 teaspoon table salt
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 large  egg
1 large egg yolk
1 1/4cups semisweet chocolate chips or chunks
3/4 cup chopped pecans or walnuts, toasted (optional)

Directions:
Adjust oven rack to middle position and heat oven to 375 degrees. Line baking sheets with parchment paper.
Whisk flour and baking soda together in medium bowl; set aside.
Heat 10 tablespoons butter in 10-inch skillet over medium-high heat until melted, about 2 minutes. Continue cooking - swirling pan constantly - until butter is dark golden brown and has nutty aroma, apx 1 to 3 minutes.
Remove skillet from heat and pour browned butter in a to large heatproof bowl.
Stir remaining 4 tablespoons butter into hot butter until completely melted.
Add both sugars, salt, and vanilla to bowl with butter and whisk until fully incorporated.
Add egg and yolk and whisk until mixture is smooth with no sugar lumps remaining, about 30 seconds.
Let mixture stand 3 minutes, then whisk for 30 seconds. Repeat process of resting and whisking 2 more times until mixture is thick, smooth, and shiny.
Using rubber spatula or wooden spoon, stir in flour mixture until just combined, about 1 minute.
Stir in chocolate chips and nuts (if using), giving dough final stir to ensure no flour pockets remain.
Divide dough into 16 portions, each about 3 tablespoons (or use #24 cookie scoop). Arrange 2 inches apart on prepared baking sheets, 8 dough balls per sheet. Note:  I only had smaller sheets and a 2T scoop.  I came out with 24 cookies, 6 cookies per sheet.
Bake cookies 1 tray at a time until cookies are golden brown and still puffy, and edges have begun to set but centers are still soft, 10 to 14 minutes, rotating baking sheet halfway through baking.
Transfer baking sheet to wire rack; cool cookies completely before serving.

Submitter: 
Litegal1
Description: 
Avoid using a nonstick skillet to brown the butter; the dark color of the nonstick coating makes it difficult to gauge when the butter is browned. Use fresh, moist brown sugar instead of hardened brown sugar, which will make the cookies dry. This recipe works with light brown sugar, but the cookies will be less full-flavored. Best rated chips were Ghirardelli 60% Cacao Bittersweet Chocolate Chips and Hershey's Special Dark Mildly Sweet Chocolate Chips
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
