URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63817813/slow-cooked-boeuf-bourguignon/
Title:
Slow Cooked Boeuf Bourguignon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8 ounces thick-cut bacon (5-6 slices), diced
2 1/2-3 pounds beef chuck roast, round roast, or other similar cut, cut into 1-inch cubes
2 cups good red wine , divided (See Recipe Note)
2 medium-sized yellow onions, thinly sliced
3 medium-sized yellow carrots, diced
3 stalks celery, diced
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 tablespoon tomato paste
3-4 sprigs fresh thyme
1 bay leaf
1 cup chicken or beef broth, plus more if necessary (See Recipe Note)
1 pound white button mushrooms, sliced

Directions:
Cook bacon and reserve all grease. Chop bacon and set aside for later. Return pan to medium-high heat. Pat meat dry and salt and pepper. Sear meat in 1 Tbsp of bacon grease. Do not over crowd pan. Remove meat from pan and place in slow cooker or dutch oven. Deglaze pan with 1/4c of wine. Repeat in small batches adding 1 Tbsp of bacon grease with each batch until all meat is seared.
Add 1 Tbsp of bacon grease and add onions and cook with 1/4 tsp of salt until softened. Add celery and carrots and cook until soft. Add garlic and tomato paste and simmer until aromoa's are released. Add to meat in pot. Wipe pan clean and warm 1 Tbsp of grease and cook mushrooms until liquids are released and golden brown. Set aside and add later.
Cook in slower cooker on low for 6-8 hours or in oven @ 300 degrees for 2-3 hours until meat is soft. Add mushrooms and bacon and simmer for another 10 minutes.

Submitter: 
Christine Denstaedt
Description: 
Boeuf Bourguignon is so much more than just another beef stew. This classic French dish, made so popular by a certain Ms. Julia Child, is the kind of stew that can earn marriage proposals. The aroma alone — that deeply savory aroma of onions, slow-cooked beef, and red wine — is enough to make your eyes roll skyward and your knees go weak. Make Boeuf Bourguignon once and you'll wonder why anyone ever bothers making anything else.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
