URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63810453/cilantro-chili-lime-shrimp-bowl/
Title:
CILANTRO CHILI-LIME SHRIMP BOWL Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound medium/large shrimp, precooked, deveined, tails removed
1 Tbsp + 1 tsp vegetable or canola oil
1 tsp chili powder
1 tsp honey or agave nectar
1 tsp low sodium soy sauce
3 cloves garlic, minced divided
2 limes (one for marinade, one for serving)
2 (15 oz.) cans low sodium black beans
1/2 tsp cumin
2 jalapenos, seeded and membranes removed, small diced
1 (20 oz.) can crushed pineapple, drained well
1/2 small red onion, small diced
1/2 tsp salt
1/4 bunch cilantro, roughly chopped
2 cups cooked rice, or more if you want more rice for your bowl

Directions:
1. FOR MARINADE: Prepare shrimp marinade by combining the chili powder, honey/agave, and soy sauce with the juice of one lime, one clove of minced garlic, and one teaspoon of oil. Add shrimp to bag, let out air, seal, shake em around to coat, and let them sit until you're ready to heat them.
2.Cook rice according to package directions.
3. FOR BEANS: Heat tablespoon of oil in a medium/large sause pan. Add one diced jalapeno and two cloves minced garlic and sautee for about a minute. Add the cumin and saute for about a minute moreadd the black beans. Stir and heat through. ( I let mine simmer on low, stirring occasionally, until everything else was ready)
4.FOR PINEAPPLE/CILANTRO SALSA: Make sure your pineapple is drained well. Mix it up with diced onion, the other diced jalapeno, cilantro, and 1/2 tsp sale. Let that marry and get happy until ready to serve
5.FOR HEATING SHRIMP: Heat large skillet over medium heat. Add the shrimp and all of the marinade. Heat and stir around around until the shrimp are heated through. Remove the tasty morsels from the skillet and let the marinade simmer until it has reduced and thickened, about 5 minutes-ish. Put shrimp back in skillet, reduce heat to low, and stir them around to get the nice thick sauce all over them.
6.BUILD YOUR BOWL!!!. Place 1/2 cup of rice in the bottom of a bowl. Top with about 1/2 cup seasoned black beans and about ½ cup of pineapple salsa. Place 7 or 8 shrimp on top, or more if you want.

Submitter: 
Julie Jane Anderson
Description: 
CILANTRO CHILI-LIME SHRIMP BOWL
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
