URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63811752/sausage-and-peppers-over-corkscrew-pasta/
Title:
Sausage and Peppers over Corkscrew pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1056929.jpg
Ingredients:
10 italian style sausage links (pork, chicken, or turkey)
2 tablespoons of olive oil
1 large Spanish onion sliced
1 green bell pepper
1 yellow bell pepper
1 orange bell pepper (or red)
5 -7 cloves of garlic chopped
3/4 cup white wine
1 cup of prepared marinara sauce (homemade or jar)
5-7 chopped basil leaves
Sprinkle of oregano
Salt and pepper to taste
1 pound of celentani pasta (cork screws)
1/4 cup cream (optional)
2 tablespoons butter (optional)

Directions:
Boil water for pasta. Don't forget to salt your pasta water.
In large skillet, brown sausage on both sides. Remove from skillet and set aside. In same skillet, add olive oil and sauté onion, peppers and garlic for 5 minutes. Add wine, marinara sauce, basil, oregano salt and pepper. Cover and simmer. While veggies are simmering, slice sausage on the bias. Add the sausage and mix well. Cover and allow to simmer. Drop the pasta in the boiling water and cook only until al Dente. The pasta will cook more when you combine it with the sausage mixture and you don't want a mushy mess.  When pasta is done cooking, the sausage mixture should be done and the flavors well melded. Drain pasta well and put in very large mixing bowl. If using butter, add it now and stir it in until melted. Add the sausage mixture and all of its juices. Toss very well (using 2 large wooden spoons is good for this).  If you are using the cream, add it and mix well again. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Bealexa
Description: 
This dish is a fabulous fall/winter dinner. Meat, veggies, and starch all in one delicious bowl. My family loves it and actually requests it often. 1/4 cup of cream is not a lot for this amount of pasta and it really gives this dish a subtle creaminess, but not too rich. Delightful. But it's also very good without the cream. Hope you enjoy this one!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
40-45 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
