URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63820799/jambalaya/
Title:
Jambalaya Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1½ lbs andouille or kielbasa sausage, sliced diagonally in ½-thick slices
8 chicken thighs
1 lb shrimp (16-20 count), tails on, peeled and deveined
5 cups low-sodium chicken broth
3 cups extra-long grain white rice, such as Carolina
1 cup dry white wine
1½ cups yellow onion, peeled and chopped
2 red bell peppers, seeded and large-diced
2 cups celery, large-diced
1 28-oz can whole peeled tomatoes, drained and medium-diced	2 Tbsp jalapeño peppers, seeded and diced
3 garlic cloves, minced
2 Tbsp tomato paste
2 tsp dried oregano
1 tsp dried thyme
3 bay leaves
½ tsp cayenne pepper
½ cup Italian parsley, chopped
½ cup scallions (green onions), thinly sliced crosswise (white and green parts)
¼ cup fresh lemon juice
2 Tbsp olive oil
2 Tbsp unsalted butter

Directions:
Heat the olive oil in a very large Dutch oven.  Cook the sausage over medium heat for 8-10 minutes, turning the pieces until browned.  Remove it to a bowl with a slotted spoon.  Pat the chicken dry and sprinkle with salt and pepper.  Cook the chicken, skin-side down, over medium-high heat for 5 minutes, until browned.  Turn and cook for another 5 minutes.  Remove to the bowl with the sausage.
Add the butter to the pot.  Add the onions, bell peppers, celery, 1½ teaspoons of kosher salt and pepper.  Cook over medium heat for 10 minutes, until the onions are softened.  Add the tomatoes, jalapeño peppers, garlic, tomato paste, spices and 1½ teaspoons of salt.  Cook for another 2 minutes.  Add the white wine and scrape up the browned bits in the pot.  Add the stock, rice, sausage, chicken and bay leaves and bring to a boil.  Reduce the heat to low, and simmer for 20 minutes, covered.  Stir in the shrimp and simmer, covered, for 5 minutes more.  Off heat, stir in the parsley, scallions and lemon juice.  Cover and allow the jambalaya to steam for 10-15 minutes, until the rice is tender and the shrimp are fully cooked.  Discard the bay leaves and serve hot.

Submitter: 
Sudie B
Description: 
From Louise Sunderland's cookbook
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
