URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63820585/brownie-cheesecake-bites/
Title:
Brownie Cheesecake Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Cheesecake topping:
8 ounces cream cheese
1/3 cup sugar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 large egg
Brownie Layer:
2 ounces semisweet chocolate, coarsely chopped
3 tablespoons unsalted butter
2 tablespoons canola oil
1 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt
Pinch cayenne pepper
3/4 cup packed dark brown sugar
1/4 cup granulated sugar
1/2 cup lowfat buttermilk
2 large egg whites
2 teaspoons vanilla extract

Directions:
preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.
Line an 8 by 8-inch baking pan with foil so it hangs over the edges by about 1-inch. Spray with cooking spray.
Cheesecake topping: In a medium bowl and using an electric mixer at medium speed, beat the cream cheese until smooth and creamy, about 1 minute. Beat in the sugar and the vanilla until very smooth, 1 to 2 minutes. Beat in the egg until well blended. Set aside.
Brownie layer: Put the chocolate, butter, and oil in a small microwave-safe bowl and heat for 30 seconds. Stir and microwave again until melted and smooth, about 30 seconds longer. (Alternatively, put the chocolate, butter, and oil in a small heatproof bowl. Bring a small saucepan filled with 1 inch or so of water to a very slow simmer; set the bowl over, not touching, the water, and stir occasionally, until melted and smooth.)
Combine the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, salt, and cayenne in a medium bowl.
Combine the brown sugar and granulated sugar in a large bowl. Whisk in the buttermilk, egg whites, and vanilla. Add the chocolate mixture and whisk vigorously until fully incorporated and the batter is thick and glossy. Gradually add the flour mixture and stir.
Scrape the brownie batter into the prepared pan. Pour the cheesecake mixture evenly over top.
Bake until the top is browned 40 to 45 minutes. Let cool completely in the pan on a wire rack. Lift brownies out of the pan by the foil and peel off the foil.

Submitter: 
Julie Jane Anderson
Description: 
This is a great twist to brownies.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
