URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63823319/chicken-chipotle-chicken-in-a-chipotle-mushroom-cream-sauce/
Title:
Chicken Chipotle (Chicken in a Chipotle & Mushroom Cream Sauce) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
2 tsp Creole Seasoning
4 skinless, boneless chicken breasts
1 tablespoon olive oil
3/4 cup diced onion
1/2 cup chopped red bell pepper
1/2 cup chopped green bell pepper
1 cup sliced fresh mushrooms (cremini)
2 tablespoon butter
1 cup chicken broth
3 tbs Chipotle Soup Base (Minor's is preferred, see notes)
1/2 cup heavy whipping cream
1/2 cup sour cream

Directions:
Mix flour and Creole Seasoning in a bowl and coat the chicken breasts.
Cooking the chicken:
a: Heat the oil and cook the breasts until they are browned (don't cook entirely) or...
b: Cook them on the grill for a better flavor (over mesquite briquettes is ideal)
While the chicken is cooking, or whatever order suits you, saute the veggies in butter. Once cooked, add the chicken broth. Reduce by half. While reducing, cut up the chicken into bite size pieces.
Lower heat and add Chipotle Base, Sour Cream, and Heavy Whipping Cream. Make sure temp is down so the cream doesn't curdle. Add the cut up chicken, let it soak up the flavor from the sauce. Typically this time is used to also let the sauce thicken a bit more. Add a little four if it takes too long.
Serve over rice, in tortillas, or straight up.

Submitter: 
Jesse Cody
Description: 
Excellent recipe for Chipotle Chicken. It has a bit of a kick...use less Chipotle if you don't like a little heat. Reviews for anything that contains Chipotle seem to always have someone complaining that the sauce is hot...this shouldn't be a surprise since Chipotle Peppers are...peppers...and peppers are generally known for being hot.

Feel free to offer any suggestions and variations, but I encourage all y'all to not leave out the heavy whipping cream. The cream is what rounds out the flavor and makes it a sauce. Leave it out and you have a gravy that is a bit boring.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
