URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63821994/pineapple-stuffed-coconut-pancakes/
Title:
Pineapple Stuffed Coconut Pancakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1060091.jpg
Ingredients:
1 fresh pineapple, cored, peeled, and cut into 1/8" (approx) sliced rings (Don't exceed 1/4")
1 cup unbleached flour
1/2 cup wheat flour
1/4 cup ground flax seed
1-1/2 tsp Baking Powder
1/2 tsp salt
1/2 can of Coco Rallado (Grated Coconut in Heavy Syrup)
1 can Coconut or Lite Coconut Milk
1/2 tsp Coconut Essence or natural coconut flavoring (No Imitation)
2 eggs
Butter spray, non-stick pan release spray or butter for grill
Powdered sugar for dusting (optional)

Directions:
Heat a non-stick griddle (pref) or griddle to medium 350°.
Prepare the pineapple as directed if you have not already done so. Thinner is better for this recipe.
In a work bowl combine all of the dry ingredients. Whisk together. Make a well in the dry mixture.
Add the eggs, coconut milk, coco rallado (sweet grated coconut in heavy syrup)  and coconut essence.  Mix by hand until thoroughly combined.
Spray the grill and add one pineapple slice for each pancake to be made. Grill for 3-8 minutes, turning occasionally, until the pineapple is cooked and the edges show a little caramelization. Remove from the grill and set aside nearby on paper towels to wick up excess moisture.
Grease the griddle with spray or butter. Pour a 4-5" wide pancake on the grill. Allow to cook for 45 secs. to 1 minute, then carefully lay a pineapple ring in the middle of the pancake. Continue cooking.
Carefully spoon a little pancake mix over the top of each pineapple ring. Allow to cook until the pancake looks firm all the way around the pineapple ring, another 1-3 min.
You can slide a nylon spatula around under it to make sure it isn't stuck anywhere. Carefully flip over the pancake, and cook the other side for another 1-3 minutes.
Remove from the griddle, sprinkle with powdered sugar, and serve.

Submitter: 
The Jazz Chef
Description: 
What is there not to love about a coconut pancake made with coconut milk and fresh pineapple? It's like a breakfast piña colada!  For Dessert, put a scoop of my banana rum ice cream on top, and a little caramel sauce drizzle... (Shhhh.... It's also the ultimate secret weapon in adding fiber, whole grains, vitamin C and Omega 3 fatty acids to a diet, and it has no milk which makes lactose intolerant and vegan folks really happy.)  It's a GREAT brunch centerpiece because it's not hard to make, but when people cut into that roasted pineapple slice... Oh my my!  Big happiness! :D
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20-30 min.
Ready in:
35
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
