URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63820053/gingersnap-pork-loin-roast-with-applescurrants-and-a-apple-cider-pan-reduction-sauce/
Title:
Gingersnap Pork loin roast  with apples,currants and a apple cider pan reduction sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1059509.jpg
Ingredients:
2 lb pork loin roast, about 3" diameter (not tenderloin
2 teaspoon kosher salt
1 1/2 teaspoon black pepper
3 cups gingersnap cookies
3 Tablespoons Olive or vegetable oil
1 cup apple cider
1/2 cup chicken stock or broth
1 cup sliced apples
1/4 cup dried currants
1 Tablespoon butter
Salt & Pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to °425.
Sprinkle salt and pepper all over the roast.
In a food processor, or by hand with a rolling pin, process gingersnap cookies until they are a fine crumb.
Roll roast in crumbs to coat.
In a large oven proof skillet(preferably not non-stick) over medium high heat, pour in oil and when hot, sear all sides, top and bottom of the roast until brown. Approximately 8-10 minutes.
Remove from heat and place on the center rack of the preheated oven and bake for 15-20 minutes or until a meat thermometer reaches 140 degrees.  Remove roast from oven and place on a separate plate, cover with foil and let rest while you make the pan sauce. The pork will continue to cook while it is resting.
Pour into the skillet you just used to cook the pork, the apple cider and the chicken stock to de-glaze the pan. Scrape up all of the brown bits to incorporate them into the sauce.
Add the slice apples and currants and simmer until the sauce reduces to about 1/2 cup. Add the butter and cook for about another minute more to incorporate the butter. Salt and pepper to taste.
Unwrap the pork loin and slice into about 1/2" slices and pour the pan sauce over sliced pork.

Submitter: 
Lnldad
Description: 
This Pork Loin Roast is both sweet and savory and is the ultimate comfort food on a cold Autumn night.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
