URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63836771/german-chocolate-cake---cooks-illustrated/
Title:
German Chocolate Cake - Cook's Illustrated Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 oz bittersweet or semi sweet chocolate, chopped finely
1/4 cup dutch-processed cocoa, sifted
1/2 cup boiling water
2 cup (10 oz) unbleached all purpose flour
3/4 tsp baking soda
12 tbsp butter (1.5 sticks), softened
1 cup (7oz) sugar
2/3 cup packed light brown sugar (about 4.75 oz)
3/4 tsp salt
4 large eggs, room temp
1 tsp vanilla extract
3/4 cup sour cream, room temp

Directions:
Adjust oven rack to lower-middle position, heat oven to 350F
Combine chocolate and cocoa in small bowl; pour boiling water over and let stand to melt chocolate, about 2 minutes.  Whisk until smooth; set aside until cooled to room temp.
Meanwhile, spray 13x9 baking pan with nonstick spray.  Line bottom of pan with parchment or waxed paper and spray.  Dust pan with flour, and knock out excess.
Sift flour and baking soda into a medium bowl or waxed paper.
In bowl of standing mixer, beat butter, sugar and salt at medium-low speed until sugar is moistened, about 30 sec.
Increase speed to med-high and beat until mixture is light and fluffy, about 4 minutes, scrapping down bowl with rubber spatula halfway through.
With mixer running at medium speed, add eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition and scraping down bowl halfway through
Beat in vanilla
Increase speed to med-high and beat until light and fluffy, about 45 sec.
With mixer running at low speed, add dry ingredients in 3 additions, alternating with sour cream (in 2 additions), beginning and ending with dry ingredients, and beating in each addition until barely combined.
AFter final flour addition, beat on low until just combined, then stir batter by hand with rubber spatula, scraping bottom and sides of bowl to ensure batter is homogenous and thick.
Pour into prepared pan and level with rubber spatula.
Bake cake until toothpick inserted into center of cake comes out clean, 30-35 min.
Cool in pan 10 min, then inverts cake onto greased wire rack; peel off and discard aper.
Cook cake to room temperature before frosting, about 2 hours.  (cooled cake can be wrapped in plastic wrap and stored at room temperature for up to 1 day)
To frost the cake, store toasted pecans into chilled frosting.

Submitter: 
Claudia
Description: 
From Cooks Illustrated
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
