URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63832513/justins-honey-buffalo-chicken-wraps/
Title:
Justin's Honey Buffalo Chicken Wraps Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1065187.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 cup Jack Daniels Tennessee Honey
1/4 cup packed brown sugar
1/3 cup ketchup
1 tablespoon white vinegar
2 tablespoon Frank's RedHot
1/2 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper
1/4 teaspoon crushed red peper
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
2 tablespoons butter
1 lb chicken breast
4 flour tortillas (6 inch)
8 slices of white cheese (I prefer White American or Provolone)
1 tablespoon olive oil
Optional Accoutrements: Lettuce, Tomato, or Blue Cheese Dressing

Directions:
SAUCE: Stir the Jack Daniels, brown sugar, ketchup, white vinegar, hot sauce, cayenne pepper, crushed red pepper, garlic powder, and butter together in a saucepan over medium heat; cook, whisking occasionally, until the mixture begins to bubble.
Reduce heat to low and cook at a gentle simmer, whisking occasionally, until the sauce thickens nearly to the consistency of maple syrup or molasses, about 15 minutes.
Remove from heat and allow to cool.
CHICKEN: There are several ways to do this, but I prefer to sauté the chicken then pull it. In a large covered skillet, pour olive oil and add chicken. It may help to cut the breasts in half before sautéing, but it's not required.
Allow to begin frying, flipping the chicken pieces over occasionally. Chicken will cook fast, about 10 minutes.
Remove chicken from skillet and place on a cutting board. Use two forks, one in each hand, and pull the chicken apart into shreds.
Dump oil from skillet but do not clean (leave the oil residue behind).
Return shredded chicken to skillet and set aside until the sauce is ready.
CHICKEN+SAUCE: After the sauce has cooled and thickened, add it to the skillet with the chicken and stir on low heat. Once the sauce is fully mixed in, remove heat.
TORTILLAS: I like to briefly toast my tortillas and melt the cheese on them. I use two slices per tortilla. After the tortillas are ready, add chicken, lettuce, tomatoes and blue cheese dressing to your liking.

Submitter: 
Justin Will
Description: 
Try this Bourbon-spiked alternative to buttery hot sauce for your next buffalo chicken wrap. It's a sweet sauce with a spicy red pepper kick!Modified from: Steve's Bourbon Buffalo Wing Sauce
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
