URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63837209/worlds-best-german-chocolate-cake/
Title:
WORLD'S BEST GERMAN CHOCOLATE CAKE Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1066084.jpg
Ingredients:
4 oz.    Chopped German Sweet Chocolate
1/2 c.   Water
1 c.     Softened unsalted butter
2 c.     Baker's Ultrafine Pure Cane Sugar
4        Separated eggs
1 t.     Pure vanilla extract
2-1/4 c. Unbleached cake flour
1/4 c.   Cocoa powder *Natural unsweetened
1 t.     Baking soda
1 t.     Salt
1 c.     Cultured buttermilk
FOR FROSTING:
1-1/2 c. Baker's Ultrafine Pure Cane Sugar
12oz can Evaporated milk
3/4 c.   Unsalted butter
5        Beaten egg yokes
2 c.     Flaked coconut
1-1/2 c. Chopped pecans
2 t.     Pure vanilla extract
DRIZZLE:
1 t.    Shortening
2 oz.   Semi-Sweet Baking Chocolate Bar
OPTIONAL:
Non-stick Baking Spray

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350.
Grease and flour three 9" round baking pans or spray with a non-stick baking spray, then line each with parchment paper.
Melt German Sweet Chocolate and water in a small pan on low and set aside to cool.
Cream butter and sugar until fluffy in a large bowl.
One at a time, beat in each egg yoke until well mixed.
Add melted chocolate and vanilla then blend.
Whisk together in a medium bowl the flour, baking soda, salt, and powder cocoa.  Add this to the fluffy mixture a little at a time alternating with the buttermilk and beat well after each add.
Beat egg whites in a small bowl to stiff peaks.  Fold 1/4 of beaten whites into fluffy mixture then fold in the remaining egg whites.
Distribute batter evenly into pans. ~ TIP: Use a kitchen scale to measure equal amounts of batter into the pans.
Bake 25-30 minutes until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean.  Place pans on wire racks and cool for 10 minutes.  Next, remove cakes from pans and place on racks to continue cooling.
Frosting:  On medium-low heat, in a medium saucepan melt butter, add milk, egg yokes and sugar.  Constantly stir until golden brown and thickened approximately 30 minutes.  Remove from the heat source and stir in the flaked coconut, chopped pecans, and vanilla.  Cool 15 minutes or until thick enough for spreading.
Place the 1st completely cooled cake layer on plate and frost with 1/3 of the frosting, repeat for the next two layers.
For the drizzle:  Melt the shortening and semi-sweet chocolate in the microwave for approximately 60 seconds.  Stir to mix until smooth and the drizzle with a teaspoon over the top of the cake.  Place more drizzle on the rim so it will drip down the cake's side.

Submitter: 
Susan Swanson
Description: 
June 11 = U.S. National German Chocolate Cake Day.
The 'German Chocolate Cake' owes it name to an American chocolate maker, Sam German, who in 1852 developed a dark baking chocolate used in the cake recipe.
The possessive form (German's) was subsequently dropped, forming the German Chocolate Cake identity we know today and giving the false impression of a German origin.
The recipe for German's Chocolate Cake first appeared as the Recipe of the Day in the Dallas Morning Star on 3 June 1957 and was created by Mrs. George Clay, a homemaker from Dallas, Texas. ~ ~ ~ Wikipedia
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
60 m + stand time
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
