URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63839416/pumpkin-sufganiot-with-cranberry-jelly/
Title:
Pumpkin Sufganiot with Cranberry Jelly Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1066786.jpg
Ingredients:
3/4 c. milk
1/2 c. unsalted butter
1 c. pumpkin puree
2 eggs
1 egg yolk
3/4 c. sugar
1 1/4 tsp. salt
1/2 t. ground ginger
1/2 t. ground cinnamon
1/4 t. ground nutmeg
1/8 t. ground allspice
5 c. unbleached all-purpose flour
.25 oz instant yeast
1 14-oz can jellied cranberry sauce
1/3 c. water
1 egg white
1 tsp. water
1 qt. Canola oil for frying

Directions:
Heat milk in saucepan or microwave until beginning to boil. Pour over butter in a mixing bowl; stir occasionally until butter melts.
Whisk in pumpkin puree, eggs, egg yolk, and sugar.
In a separate bowl, combine salt, ginger, cinnamon, allspice, flour, and yeast.
Using the paddle attachment on a stand mixer, add about 3/4 of flour mixture; mix on low. Scrape down sides of bowl and underneath paddle. Add remaining flour and mix, scraping down sides, on low speed until fully combined. Dough will be very wet, almost cookie dough consistency; don't worry, it will absorb moisture as it sits.
Transfer dough to a greased bowl. Cover bowl with plastic wrap lightly coated with cooking spray. Refrigerate overnight, or about 5 hours.
Combine canned cranberry sauce with 1/3 c. water in a small saucepan. Break the sauce up slightly with a spoon. Heat gently, covered, over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally, until cranberry sauce has melted, about 25 minutes. Transfer sauce to a bowl and refrigerate.
Transfer dough to a floured work surface. Shape it into a ball, divide the dough in half, and return half the dough to the greased bowl. Cover with greased plastic wrap and refrigerate.
Heat oil in a large pot to about 365 degrees. Line a baking sheet with parchment or a silicone liner.
Roll out dough, flouring the work surface as needed, to 1/4-inch thickness. Use a 3" cutter to cut out rounds. Transfer rounds to baking sheet in pairs (one will be the top half, the other the bottom half of the doughnut).
Whisk egg white with 1 tsp. water. Brush the rounds that will be the bottom halves of the doughnuts with beaten egg white. Spoon 1 teaspoon of cranberry jelly into the center of each bottom round; set top round of dough on top and press edges to seal. Let doughnuts rest 20

Submitter: 
Gremolata
Description: 
I wanted to combine Thanksgiving flavors for a Hanukkah doughnut. This dough is very forgiving, and will last in the fridge, well-wrapped, for 3 days. That makes it convenient to break the recipe up into batches and fry the doughnuts when it's convenient for you. This makes a great holiday breakfast or dessert!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 d
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
NA
