URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63836605/winter-crudites/
Title:
Winter Crudites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 bunches broccoli
2 bunches brussel sprouts
2 bunches cauliflower
2 bags new or small potatoes

Directions:
Set a steamer or colander basket in dutch oven.  Fill with enough salted water to come just below basket and bring to boil.
Prepare an ice bath with colander or steamer basket in water.
Line a baking sheet with a double layer of paper towels.
Working with one kind of vegetable at a time, steam vegetables starting with the mildest tasting and ending with the most pungent.  This will keep water for tainting flavors of other veggies)
Place vegetables in the basket, reduce heat to a simmer.  Cover and steam as directed.  Add water to pan as needed between batched to prevent scorching.
Remove veggies with slotted spoon and put in the ice water bath to stop cooking process.  Add more ice as needed.  Once completely cooled, transfer vegetables to paper towels to drain.
Carrots (peel, cut into 2" lengths, then half or quarter if thick).  Serve raw
Celery (trim base of stalks, way and dry.  cut into 2" length.  Serve raw
Endive (trim stem end.  Separate leaves.  Wash quickly and dry well.)  Serve raw
Fennel (Trim away fonds, stalks and outermost layer.  Remove tough core and cut bulb into 1/2 inch strips.)  Serve raw
New potatoes or small potatoes (scrub and halve; steam until tender, 15 - 20 min)
Cauliflower (cut into large florets; steam until crisp-tender, 3-5 minutes)
Broccoli (cut into large florets; steam until bright and green, 2-5 minutes)
Brussel Sprouts (trim stem ends; score with an X.  Halve crosswise, and steam until bright green and tender 8-10 minutes)

Submitter: 
Claudia
Description: 
For Jim and Debbie Graham's Holiday Party.  Serve with Lemon Thyme dip
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
30
Nutritional Facts:
NA
