URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63838478/icebox-cherry-almond-shortbread/
Title:
Icebox Cherry Almond Shortbread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 Cup Butter, softened
1 Cup Brown Sugar
2 Cups Flour
1/2 Cup Blanched sliced Almonds
1/2 Cup Chopped red Glace Cherries
2 ounces of melted white baking chocolate (optional)

Directions:
Pre-heat oven to 350f degrees. Line a 11" by 7" inch glass cake pan with parchment paper. Leave enough paper hanging over the edges so it's easy to lift out. A 9-inch square pan will work too, lower the heat to 325f if using a dark coated pan.
With an electric mixer, cream butter and sugar together until it's light and fluffy.
Stir in flour until the mixture is crumbly.
Add in almonds and cherries and stir to combine.
Press into the pan and bake for 20-25 minutes. It will be lightly golden around the edges. You can lift the glass pan up to check the bottom, it should be evenly golden brown when done.
Remove from heat and let rest in the pan. Score the shortbread while still hot into your desired shapes. Leave in the pan for 30 minutes on a wire rack. When cool enough to handle, lift the shortbread out with the parchment paper. Let it cool completely then slice the cookies again over your score marks.
If desired, melt the white chocolate and drizzle onto cooled cookies, or dip half the cookie into the melted white chocolate.
Store in an airtight container at rom temp. or in the fridge for up to 3 weeks. Or in the freezer for 6 months.

Submitter: 
WestCoastMom
Description: 
This is my Grandmother's recipe that's at least 50 years old. This is a classic Cherry Almond Icebox cookie, that I turned into a bar cookie. I also dip or drizzle white chocolate on the cooled cookies to make this a little more fancy for Christmas Cookie Exchange's. But it's delicious either way!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
