URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63831877/korean-kimchi-fried-rice/
Title:
Korean Kimchi Fried Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1065049.jpg
Ingredients:
1c of One-Day Old Cooked White Rice (peferably Jasmine rice)
1/2c Mild or Hot Kimchi, Finely Chopped
1/4c Diced Red Onion
1 tbsp Minced Garlic
1/2 tbsp Minced Ginger(optional)
3oz Skinless, Boneless, Chicken Breast, Sliced Thinly (may omit for vegetarian/vegan dish or may use other meats and meat substitutes)
2 tbsp of Kimchi Brine
2 tbsp Vegetable Oil
1/2 tbsp Sesame Oil
2 tbsp Soy Sauce (Sempio brand prefered; If use Kikkoman brand, use low-sodium version)
1 tbsp Rice Wine Vinegar
2 tbsp Honey or White Sugar
2 Eggs (may omit)
Salt
Black Pepper
Sesame Seeds(garnish)
Green Onion (garnish)
Grape/Cherry Tomatoes (garnish)
Cilantro (garnish)

Directions:
Add 1 tbsp of vegetable oil in a large, non-stick skillet or wok over medium heat. Add 1/4c diced red onion, 1 tbsp minced garlic, and 1/2 tbsp minced ginger. Stir ocassionaly so the garlic and ginger doesn't burn and cook until onions soften.
Turn heat on high and add in 1 tbsp rice wine vinegar and 1/2c finely chopped kimchi, and 3oz thinly sliced chicken breast. Stir ocassionally until chicken is cooked.
Add in 1c of one-day old white rice, 2 tbsp soy sauce, 2 tbsp kimchi brine, 1/2 tbsp sesame oil, and 2 tbsp honey or white sugar. Combine thoroughly until rice up to warm temperature and slightly browning. Make sure to scrape your wok or skillet on the bottom to prevent rice from burning and sticking. Add salt and pepper to taste. Once cooked portion out onto two serving plates/bowls.
With a new, smaller skillet heat 2 tbsp vegetable oil on medium heat. Once hot crack in two eggs and cover with a lid and fry. The key is to have the bottom of the egg slightly crispy while the steam cooks the top of the egg. Once cooked, give one egg to each portioned-out fried rice.
Optional, garnish with sesame seeds, green onions, cherry/grape tomatoes, and cilantro.

Submitter: 
akhapa
Description: 
This is one of my favorite recipes when trying to figure out what to make with leftover Jasmine rice. The key to fried rice is to use one-day old, leftover rice. The reason is that using freshly cooked, same-day rice causes the fried rice to be really sticky and soggy in texture. 
I usually present this dish on a square plate as shown in the image. The green onions help bring out the color to the slightly brown-red fried rice while the tomatoes help give an extra oomph and fill up the white space. The sesame seed garnish helps provide an extra visual of texture and crunch.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
