URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63833144/beef-stroganoff/
Title:
Beef Stroganoff Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1065327.jpg
Ingredients:
2 pounds beef chuck roast or sirloin
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 Tbsp minced garlic
1/3 cup red or white wine for marinade
4 ounces butter
4 green onions, sliced (white parts only) or 1 med onion
1 (6 ounce) can sliced mushrooms, drained or fresh
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
2 tablespoons corn starch
1 (10.5 ounce) can condensed beef broth
1 teaspoon prepared mustard
1 Tbsp Worcestershire sauce
1/3 cup sour cream
1/3 cup creme cheese
salt to taste
ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Remove any fat and gristle from the roast and cut into strips 1/2 inch thick by 2 inches long. Season with 1/2 teaspoon of both salt and pepper. Marinate the meat in red or white wine and garlic for 1-2 hours in the fridge prior to cooking. This adds a really nice flavor to the beef and tenderizes the meat.
In a large skillet over medium heat, melt the butter and brown the beef strips quickly. Remove the meat after browning.  Fry mushrooms then add the onions and cook slowly for 3 to 5 minutes and remove from pan.
Dissolve the flour and corn starch in the beef broth in a jar then add to skillet and bring to a boil, stirring constantly to thicken. Return meat and onions to pan. Lower the heat and stir in mustard and Worcestershire sauce. Stir in mushrooms.  Cover and simmer for 1 hour or until the meat is tender.
Five minutes before serving, stir in the sour cream and creme cheese. Heat briefly then salt and pepper to taste.

Submitter: 
moondrop
Description: 
This classic recipe has proved itself time and time again. Strips of steak simmered with green onions and mushrooms, then flavored with mustard and a good Rhine wine. Serve over steamed rice or noodles.Modified from: Beef Stroganoff III
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
