URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63846977/outback-steakhouse-honey-wheat-bushman-bread/
Title:
Outback Steakhouse Honey Wheat Bushman Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Dough:
1 1/2 cups warm water
2 tablespoons butter, softened
1/2 cup honey
2 cups bread flour
1 2/3 cups wheat flour
1 tablespoon cocoa
1 tablespoon granulated sugar
2 teaspoons instant coffee
1 teaspoon salt
2 1/4 teaspoons (1 pkg.) yeast
Coloring:
1/4 cup water
75 drops red food coloring
45 drops blue food coloring
30 drops yellow food coloring
Cornmeal for dusting

Directions:
If using a bread machine, add all ingredients for the dough in the exact order listed into the pan of your machine. Set it on "knead" and when the machine begins to mix the dough, combine the food coloring with 1/4 cup of water and drizzle it into the mixture as it combines. After the dough is created let it rest to rise for an hour or so. Then remove it from the pan, go to step #3.
If you are not using a bread machine, combine the flours, cocoa, sugar, coffee and salt in large bowl. Make a depression or "well" in the middle of the dry mixture. Pour warm water into this "well," then add butter, honey and yeast. Combine the food coloring drops with 1/4 cup of water and add that to the "well." Slowly mix the ingredients with a spoon, drawing the dry ingredients into the wet. When you can handle the dough, begin to combine it by hand, kneading the dough thoroughly for at least ten minutes, until very smooth and has a consistent color. Set the dough into a covered bowl in a warm place for an hour, to allow it to rise.
When the dough has risen to about double in size, punch it down and divide it into 8 even portions (divide dough in half, divide those halves in half, and then once more). Form the portions into tubular shaped dough 8 inches long and 2 inches wide. Sprinkle the entire surface of the loaves with cornmeal and place them on a cookie sheets. Cover cookie sheet(s) with plastic wrap and let dough rise once more for another hour in a warm location.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Uncover the dough and bake it for 20-24 minutes in the hot oven. Loaves should begin to darken slightly on top when done. Serve warm.

Submitter: 
macandjakesmom
Description: 
Outback Bread at home!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
