URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63848395/italian-meringue/
Title:
Italian Meringue Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
5 egg whites at room temp
1 1/4 c (250 g) granulated sugar, divided
1/2 c water
2 sticks (226 g) butter room temperature chopped into tablespoon-sized slices
1 tsp vanilla extract

Directions:
Pour in 1 cup of sugar, then pour the water over the top to moisten. Don’t stir or whisk, just gently swirl the pan to ensure the sugar crystals are evenly distributed and dissolved.
While the sugar is cooking on medium heat, put egg whites into bowl, then wait for the syrup to come to about 230F-235F.
When it’s close, begin whipping egg whites. Start on a slow speed until they get frothy, then increase the speed to medium-high. Add the remaining 1/4 cup of sugar in a slow, steady stream just after the eggs begin to stiffen and continue whipping until the meringue no longer slides in the bowl.
Ideally, whipping the egg whites won’t take very long and will be done just in time for the sugar syrup to come to 245F, or the firm ball stage.
Mixer on high speed - immediately pour the syrup -very SLOW and STEADY– into the whipping egg whites.
After adding hot sugar, beat for 10-15 minutes until it is sufficiently cooled.
Start adding the softened butter piece by piece with the mixer on medium. Count to 12 or 15 before adding each new piece - watch to make sure that each is fully incorporated before adding next. Make sure that you scrape down the sides with the rubber spatula from time to time!
After butter is added, turn the speed up to high. The whole process will take about 10-15 minutes, but you will see the buttercream go through stages after butter is added. First it will deflate and become soupy, then thicken, then curdle, then thicken to the final stage. If your buttercream does not progress from “soupy” stage (typically due to adding the butter too quickly or the butter/meringue being too warm), place your work bowl in the fridge for 7-10 minutes before whipping again.
After it is thick, pour in your flavoring and whip to combine.

Submitter: 
Cami Romney
Description: 
Thanks to the Whisk Kid for this one!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
~30 m
Ready in:
~45
Number of servings: 
50
Nutritional Facts:
NA
