URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63841730/fantasy-fudge-brownies/
Title:
Fantasy Fudge Brownies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 large eggs
1 1/4 cups Double-Dutch Dark Cocoa or Dutch-process cocoa, divided
1 to 2 teaspoon low sodium soy sauce (yes, this is correct, soy sauce!)
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon espresso powder or instant coffee
1 tablespoon real vanilla extract
1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter
2 1/4 cups sugar
1 1/2 cups All-Purpose Flour
2 cups Baker's real chocolate semi-sweet    chocolate chunks or chips

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350°F. Lightly grease a 9" x 13" pan. Crack the 4 eggs into a bowl, and beat them with 3/4 cup of the cocoa, soy sauce, baking powder, espresso powder, and vanilla till smooth. In a medium-sized microwave-safe bowl, or in a saucepan set over low heat, melt the butter, then add the sugar and stir to combine. Or simply combine the butter and sugar, and heat, stirring, until the butter is melted. Continue to heat (or microwave) briefly, just until the mixture is hot (about 110°F to 120°F), but not bubbling; it'll become shiny looking as you stir it. Heating the mixture to this point will dissolve more of the sugar, which will yield a shiny top crust on your brownies. Add the hot butter/sugar mixture to the egg/cocoa mixture, stirring until smooth. Add the flour, remaining cocoa and chocolate chunks, again stirring until smooth. Note: If you want the chips to remain intact in the baked brownies, rather than melting in, let the batter cool in the bowl for about 20 minutes before stirring in the chips. Spoon the batter into a lightly greased 9" x 13" pan.  Bake the brownies for about 30 minutes, until a cake tester inserted into the center comes out clean, or with just a few moist crumbs clinging to it. You should see moist crumbs, but no uncooked batter. The brownies should feel set on the edges, and the center should look very moist, but not uncooked. You should see moist crumbs, but no uncooked batter. Remove them from the oven and cool on a rack before cutting and serving.

Submitter: 
FunwithFood
Description: 
Original recipe from King Arthur flour, but I revised it a bit. Fudgy, cakey, fudgy, cakey... can't make up your mind? If you're looking for a brownie that's right in between those two styles, you've found it! The best of both worlds! They are super moist without having a gooey/underbaked texture. The soy sauce, that fermented salty bean, adds a depth to the chocolate, enhancing the rich fudgy flavor and texture. As strange as it sounds – its not trust me.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
