URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63842046/homemade-white-bread-in-the-crock-pot/
Title:
Homemade White Bread In The Crock Pot! Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 1/4 teaspoons active dry yeast (or 0.25 ounce envelope)
1 teaspoon sugar
1/4 cup warm water
1 egg
1/4 cup vegetable oil
1 cup lukewarm water
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup sugar
3 1/2 to 4 cups all-purpose flour
Egg wash: 1 egg plus 1 teaspoon water
1 tablespoon butter, melted

Directions:
IMPORTANT: Do NOT pre-heat your slow cooker.
In a small bowl, combine the yeast, 1/4 cup warm water, and 1 teaspoon sugar. Let set for 10 minutes while it does its own thing and foams.
In a large mixing bowl, combine the egg, oil, 1 cup lukewarm water, salt, sugar, and yeast mixture and beat with an electric mixer on low for about 2 minutes making sure to scrape the sides down as you go.
Next, add 3 to 3 1/2 cups of flour to the mixture and continue beating with the electric mixer on low until it is well incorporated and gets “gummy”. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and add a little flour at a time while kneading by hand until the dough becomes smooth and elastic (about 5 minutes). Keep in mind that the dough will be a little sticky. This is normal. Form into a ball.
Line a 5-quart slow cooker with parchment paper. Place the ball of dough in the center of the slow cooker. Cover and cook on high heat for 2+ hours. Not all Crock Pots are the same, so after 1 1/2 hours, check your bread for readiness. The bread will feel firm when you gently press down on the top. If it isn’t done, check it every 30 minutes for readiness. NOTE: It will not be brown on top. That’s normal. Remove when done. Also note, some slow cookers cook unevenly. Mine does. So after an hour, I grab the edges of my parchment paper and gently rotate it 180 degrees so it cooks evenly.
Let the bread cool completely before slicing.

Submitter: 
Carrie
Description: 
I found this one online. Others said that you can use whole wheat flour with this recipe too.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
