URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63843450/shannons-smoky-macaroni-and-cheese---wmy-revisions/
Title:
Shannon's Smoky Macaroni and Cheese - w/my revisions Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (16 ounce) package elbow macaroni
6 tablespoons butter
Heaping 1/4 cup all-purpose flour
5 1/2 cups milk, divided
2 1/2 cups shredded smoked Gouda cheese
1 1/2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese
1 1/2 cups shredded Swiss cheese (or mozarella cheese)
1 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1 cup panko
1/2 to 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper
olive oil

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Fill a pot with lightly-salted water and bring to a boil. Stir the macaroni into the water and return to a boil. Cook and occasionally stir until the pasta has cooked through, but is still firm to the bite, about 8 minutes; drain.
Melt the butter in a large pot over medium heat. Add the flour to the melted butter and whisk continually for 1 to 2 minutes to make a roux. Whisk 2 cups of the milk into the roux until smooth and then add the remaining milk. Raise the heat to medium-high and continue cooking and stirring until thickened, but not boiling. Stir the Gouda, Cheddar, Swiss, and 1 cup Parmesan cheese into the mixture; once the cheeses have melted completely, fold the drained macaroni into the mixture to coat. Pour the macaroni mixture into a 9x13-inch baking dish.
Stir 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese, the bread crumbs, and cayenne pepper together in a small bowl; sprinkle over the macaroni. Drizzle the olive oil over the bread crumbs.
Bake in the preheated oven until golden and bubbly, about 30 minutes. Allow to rest 10 minutes before cutting.

Submitter: 
NJHoffman
Description: 
Smoked Gouda, Cheddar, Swiss, and Parmesan all work together in this version of the classic comfort dish.Modified from: Shannon's Smoky Macaroni and Cheese
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
