URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63846893/cheaters-spicy-beef-and-bean-chili/
Title:
Cheater's Spicy Beef and Bean Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 Lbs. 85% lean ground beef
2 Tbsp. extra virgin olive oil
6 medium Vidalia onions, diced and divided
6 large cloves garlic, minced
1 red bell pepper, seeded and diced
1 green bell pepper, seeded and diced
1 stalk celery, @ 8 ribs, thinly sliced
4 jalapenos, finely diced with seeds
3 Serrano chilies, finely diced with seeds
1 28 Oz. can tomato sauce
1 28 Oz. can crushed tomatoes
2 28 Oz. cans petite diced tomatoes
1 12 Oz. can tomato paste
1 15 Oz. can beef broth
3 15 Oz. cans pinto beans, drained and rinsed
3 15 Oz. cans red kidney beans, drained and rinsed
1 15 Oz. can black beans, drained and rinsed
1 lemon, juiced
1/2 Tsp cayenne powder
1/2 Tsp crushed red pepper flakes
2 Tbsp. chili powder
1 Tsp dried oregano
1 Tsp dried basil
1 Tbsp. sea salt
1 Tsp. ground black pepper
Sour cream to serve
Crackers to serve
Shredded cheddar cheese to serve
Chopped scallions to serve

Directions:
Heat the olive oil over medium-high in a large Dutch oven or stockpot. Add half the onions and all of the ground beef and cook until the beef is brown and the onions are tender, about 15 minutes. Drain fat.
Return pot to heat and add the bell peppers, jalapenos, Serrano, celery and garlic. Cook for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables begin to soften.
Stir in the tomato paste. Cook for 2 minutes. Add the beef broth and cook for an additional 2 minutes.
Stir in the tomato sauce, crushed tomatoes, diced tomatoes, red kidney beans, pinto beans, black beans, cayenne pepper, red pepper flakes, chili powder, basil, oregano, ground black pepper and salt. Bring to a simmer and cover. Simmer for 30 minutes.
Stir in the remaining onions and lemon juice. Simmer 10 more minutes. Taste and adjust seasoning if needed. Serve with sour cream, shredded cheese, crackers and sliced scallions.

Submitter: 
Goodfella
Description: 
A can opener will be your most used kitchen gadget in this simple chili recipe. Canned chilies can be used instead of the fresh for an even easier prep. Don't skimp on the celery... the flavor and texture belong with this recipe.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
