URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63845192/herb-roasted-chicken-with-basic-gravy/
Title:
Herb Roasted Chicken With Basic Gravy Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 6 lb. Roasting chicken
1 stick softened unsalted butter
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 Tbsp. fresh rosemary, minced; plus 4 sprigs
1/2 Tbsp. fresh thyme, minced; plus 4 sprigs
1/2 Tsp. dried oregano
1/2 Tsp. salt
1/4 Tsp. ground black pepper
2 Lemons, zested and sliced
2 Tbsp. all purpose flour
1 15 oz. can chicken broth
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 F. In a small mixing bowl, combine butter, garlic, rosemary, thyme, oregano, zest of one lemon, salt and pepper. Set aside.
Beginning at the neck cavity of the chicken, work your fingers underneath the skin to loosen it away from the flesh of the breast. Continue working the skin away from the chicken until your whole hand can get in there, and carefully loosen skin away from the thighs as well. Once skin is completely loosened from the breasts and thighs, evenly rub the butter mixture under the skin over the flesh. Rub any leftover butter mixture over the outside of the chicken and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Stuff the cavity of the chicken with the remaining sprigs of herbs and the sliced lemons.
Roast chicken in a roasting pan for about 90 minutes or until a meat thermometer reaches 160F in the breasts and 170F in the thighs. Carefully lift the chicken out of the roasting pan and tilt the bird so that the juices can run out of the cavity and into the roasting pan with the other juices. Set chicken on a serving platter and tent with foil to keep warm.
Scrape the bottom of the roasting pan to loosen up all of the brown bits that have formed during roasting. Once scraped clean, transfer all of the juices to a heat-safe measuring cup and cool slightly to allow the fat to rise to the top. Skim off the fat and reserve two tablespoons of the fat for use in the gravy.
If you did not get 2 cups of juices from the chicken, add enough chicken broth to the measuring cup to equal 2 cups total. Heat the reserved chicken fat in a saucepan and stir in the flour. Cook for 3 minutes. Slowly add the chicken juices to the roux and cook, stirring constantly, about 10 minutes until thickened and bubbly. Season gravy to taste and serve.

Submitter: 
Goodfella
Description: 
Some people may be intimidated by roasting whole birds because they usually only do it once a year for a holiday. Others realize just how simple and delicious it is and do it all the time. One whole roasted chicken can be turned into 3 different meals later on in the week. Here is my basic chicken recipe to get things started.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
