URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63854171/gluten-free-dairy-free-multi-grain-bread/
Title:
Gluten Free, Dairy Free Multi-Grain Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1069956.jpg
Ingredients:
1½ cup hot water
1 T coconut oil
3 T canola oil
¼ cup honey
3 lightly beaten eggs
1 tsp salt
½ cup sorghum flour
½ cup brown rice flour
½ cup quinoa flour
¼ cup GF oat flour
¼ cup coconut flour
1 cup potato starch
1 slightly heaping T xanthan gum
1 T dry rapid mix active yeast
2 T ground flax seeds
2 T sesame seeds

Directions:
1.	Combine sorghum flour, brown rice flour, quinoa flour, GF oat flour, coconut flour, potato starch, Xanthan gum and yeast in a large Ziploc bag.  Close bag and shake vigorously to blend.  Set aside.
2.	Preheat oven to 150°F then turn it off and turn on the oven light.
3.	Combine water, coconut oil, canola oil, honey and salt in mixer bowl and mix on low speed for a few seconds.  Add lightly beaten eggs and mix on low speed about a minute, until well blended.
4.	Add flour mixture and mix on low speed until incorporated, then on medium for 2 minutes, scraping bowl as needed.
5.	Spray glass bread pan.
6.	Pour batter/dough into prepared bread pan and smooth top, leaving centre slightly higher than the sides and ends.  To achieve a nice smooth top, use a rubber spatula dipped in warm water.  Re-wet the spatula as needed.
7.	Place pan in oven with oven light turned on and allow the loaf to rise until just above the sides of the pan, about 45 – 50 minutes.
8.	Turn oven on and set to 350°F.
9.	Bake until nicely browned, about 1 hour.

Submitter: 
SEAMSTERRIFIC
Description: 
After many failed attempts, I developed this recipe.  It rises properly every time and it actually tastes like bread, instead of the cardboard that most purchased GF breads taste like.  It doesn't toast very well, but it grills fine, so grilled cheese is back on my granddaughter's menu!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
1 h 55 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
