URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63858160/lemon-meringue-pie-cooks-country/
Title:
Lemon Meringue Pie (cooks Country) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2919121.jpg
Ingredients:
LEMON FILLING
1 1/2 cups sugar
1 1/2 cup lemon juice (from 9 lemons)
6 Tbsp water
6 Tbsp cornstarch
1/4 teaspoon table salt
12 large egg yolks (reserve 4 whites for meringue)
3 tablespoons grated lemon zest
5 tablespoons unsalted butter , cut into pieces and softened
9-inch shallow pie shell, fully baked and cooled (gingersnap cookie crust)
MERINGUE
1/2 cup water
1 cup sugar
4 large egg whites (reserved from filling)
Pinch table salt
1/2 teaspoon cream of tartar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract

Directions:
FILLING: Whisk sugar, lemon juice, water, cornstarch, and salt together in large nonreactive saucepan until cornstarch is dissolved. Bring to simmer over medium heat, whisking occasionally, until mixture becomes translucent and begins to thicken, about 5 minutes.
Whisk in yolks until combined. Stir in zest and butter. Bring to simmer and stir constantly until mixture is thick enough to coat back of spoon, about 2 minutes. Pour into pie shell, place plastic wrap directly on surface of filling and refrigerate until set and well chilled, at least 2 hours and up to 1 day.
MERINGUE: Adjust oven rack to middle position and heat oven to 400 degrees. Combine water and sugar in small saucepan. Bring to vigorous boil over medium-high heat. Once syrup comes to rolling boil, cook 4 minutes (mixture will become slightly thickened and syrupy). Remove from heat and set aside while beating whites.
With electric mixer, beat whites in large bowl at medium-low speed until frothy, about 1 minute. Add salt and cream of tartar and beat, gradually increasing speed to medium-high, until whites hold soft peaks, about 2 minutes. With mixer running, slowly pour hot syrup into whites (avoid pouring syrup onto whisk or it will splash). Add vanilla and beat until meringue has cooled and becomes very thick and shiny, 5 to 9 minutes.
Using rubber spatula, mound meringue over filling, making sure meringue touches edges of crust. Use spatula to create peaks all over meringue. Bake until peaks turn golden brown, about 6 minutes. Transfer to fridge and cool until ready to serve.

Submitter: 
Apron Appeal
Description: 
Lemoniest, lemon meringue pie. Fantastic with a gingersnap cookie pie crust.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 min
Ready in:
1 d
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
