URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63855570/spinach-artichoke-lasagna-roll-ups/
Title:
Spinach Artichoke Lasagna Roll Ups Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1070218.jpg
Ingredients:
12 lasagna noodles
1 teaspoon salt
2 cups ricotta cheese
1 large egg
2 cloves garlic, minced
10-ounces frozen spinach, thawed, drained, and squeeze to remove water
1 cup chopped canned or jarred artichoke hearts
1/4 cup parmesan cheese
1/4 teaspoon dried basil
1/8 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes
Pinch of nutmeg
Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste
2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese
4 cups Easy Marinara Sauce or your favorite sauce

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add the salt and cook the lasagna noodles to al dente, according to package directions. Drain and carefully lay the lasagna noodles out flat on a large piece of parchment paper. Let sit to cool.
In a medium bowl, combine the ricotta cheese, egg, garlic, spinach, artichoke hearts, parmesan cheese, basil, crushed red pepper, and nutmeg. Stir until well combined. Season with salt and pepper.
Spray a 9x13 baking dish with cooking spray. Line the bottom with marinara sauce, about 1/2 cup. Set aside.
Take about 1/4 cup of the ricotta spinach mixture and spread it evenly onto each lasagna noodle. Top each noodle with 2 tablespoons of mozzarella cheese and 2 tablespoons of marinara sauce. Carefully roll the noodles up and place them in the prepared pan. Top the lasagna rolls with the remaining marinara sauce and mozzarella cheese. Spray a large sheet of foil with cooking spray and cover the pan.
Place the pan in the oven and bake for 35 minutes. Remove the foil and bake for an additional 5 minutes, or until the cheese is melted on top. Remove from the oven and let sit for 5 minutes. Serve warm.

Submitter: 
The Wallace Clan
Description: 
Instead of the traditional lasagna with layers, roll up your lasagna for a fun, easy, and delicious dinner.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
