URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63850909/easy-delicious-turkey-with-stuffing/
Title:
Easy Delicious Turkey With Stuffing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
16+ pound whole turkey
1  Large package dry bread stuffing mix
2 cup water
1/2# butter or MArgarine
2 cup chopped celery
1/4 cup chopped onion
Fresh Thyme ,Rosemary ,Sage Chopped to equal 1/2C
salt and pepper to taste
1/2# melted butter or Margarine

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (175 degrees C).Place washed Celery stalks on bottom of roasting pan ( the long way , lenghth of pan ) and left over fresh herbs from the stuffing , coarsely chopped onion with skin. Rinse turkey, remove giblets and place in a shallow roasting pan on top of the celery , onion , fresh herbs.You can place the giblets and neck along with the celery/onion/herbs on the bottom of pan.
Prepare stuffing according to package directions. Mix in water.
Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat, and slowly cook and stir the celery and onion and Fresh Herbs until tender.About 10-15 min.
Mix celery, onion, and Stuffing  and season with salt and pepper.( this mixture should be barley moistened ) Loosely scoop stuffing into the turkey body cavity and neck cavity. Rub the exterior of the turkey with the other 1/2# of Butte ror Margarine.
Tightly cover turkey with aluminum foil, and roast 1  hour in the preheated oven at 400 degrees, Turn heat down to 350 and continue to bake  until the thickest part of the thigh reaches 180 degrees F (85 degrees C) and the interior of the stuffing reaches 165 degrees F (70 degrees C). (About 4 hours or Longer) Remove foil during the last half hour of cooking to brown the bird.
strain and discard  the celery/onion/herbs and reserve the juice.Season to taste
Put reserved juice in a pan , bring to a boil add 1c flour mixed with 1 cup water . mix to a smooth paste and add to boiling liquid. cook until thickened

Submitter: 
Susan
Description: 
This easy to make turkey is great for beginners, but experts will find it equally delicious. Adjust the cooking time for different sized birds.Modified from: Easy Beginner's Turkey with Stuffing
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
4 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
