URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63856412/southern-sweet-potato-cake/
Title:
Southern sweet Potato Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1070463.jpg
Ingredients:
Cake:
5 eggs,
1 cup vegetable oil,
2 cups white sugar,
3 teaspoons vanilla extract,
2 cups sifted all-purpose flour,
2 teaspoons baking soda,
3 teaspoons baking powder,
½ teaspoon salt,
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon,
1 Teaspoon pumpkin pie spice,
3 cups Steamed and whipped/mashed Sweet Potatoes,
1 cup chopped pecans
Frosting:
½ cup (softened) butter,
8 ounces (softened)cream cheese,
4 cups sifted confectioners' sugar,
1 teaspoon vanilla extract,
1 cup chopped pecans,
½ teaspoon allspice,
½ Orange zest

Directions:
Cake: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Prepare Two 9x9 cake pans. (Combine ¼ cup Shortening, ¼ cup vegetable oil, ¼ cup flour, MIX WELL, brush sides of the pan with mixture, and save the rest for future baking needs)
In a large bowl, beat together sugar, eggs, oil, and 3 teaspoons vanilla. In a separate bowl mix in flour, baking soda, baking powder, salt, pumpkin pie spice and cinnamon.
Gradually combine dry ingredients into wet while mixing, to prevent lumps.  Once wet and dry have been combined, stir in sweet potatoes. Fold in 1 cup chopped pecans. Pour into prepared pans.
Bake in the preheated oven for 40 to 45 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Let cool in pan for 15 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack and cool completely (about an hour).
Frosting: In a medium bowl, combine butter, cream cheese, confectioners' sugar and 1 teaspoon vanilla, zest of one orange (approximately 1/2 teaspoon) and all spice.  Beat until the mixture is smooth and creamy.
After cake is frosted use remaining 1 cup of pecans as a topping.

Submitter: 
RheyganD
Description: 
Perfect for the holidays! This Southern inspired recipe has a mild sweet potato flavor, that is complimented nicely with an orange zest and allspice butter cream.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
