URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63857134/chicken-tikka-masala/
Title:
Chicken Tikka Masala Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
MARINADE
4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts (cubed)
1 cup plain yogurt
1 Tbsp lemon juice
1 Tbsp ginger paste (or fresh grated ginger)
1 tsp ground cinnamon
1 tsp cayenne pepper
1 tsp ground black pepper
1/2 tsp curry powder
3/4 tsp salt
SAUCE
2 Tbsp ghee
1 onion, finely chopped
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 Tbsp ground cumin
3/4 tsp salt
1 tsp ground ginger
1 tsp cayenne pepper
1/2 tsp ground cinnamon
1/4 tsp ground turmeric
1 (14oz) can tomato sauce
1 cup heavy whipping cream
2 tsp paprika
1 Tbsp white sugar

Directions:
FOR MARINADE - in a large bowl, combine ingredients for the marinade, stir in chicken, cover, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.  When done marinating, thread chicken onto skewers, and discard marinade.
Preheat grill for high heat.  Lightly oil the grill grate.  Grill until juices run clear, about five minutes on each side.  Set aside chicken while sauce is prepared.
FOR SAUCE - Heat ghee in a large skillet over medium heat.  Add chopped onion and saute until translucent, about 5 minutes.  Stir in garlic; cook and stir just until fragrant, about 1 minute.  Stir in cumin, salt, ginger, cayenne pepper, cinnamon, and turmeric into the onion mixture; fry until fragrant, about 2 minutes.
Stir tomato sauce into the onion and spice mixture, bring to a boil, and reduce heat to low.  Simmer sauce for 10 minutes, then mix in the cream, paprika, and sugar.  Bring sauce back to a simmer and cook, stirring often, until sauce is thickened, 10-15 minutes.
Stir chicken pieces into the sauce and simmer for 10 minutes.

Submitter: 
rev'd up chef
Description: 
This is a combination of my favorite elements from a couple of other Tikka Masala recipes from allrecipes.com.  It's work to make this but so worth it in the end!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
