URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63869011/pumpkin-pie-for-fresh-pumpkin-lovers/
Title:
Pumpkin Pie for Fresh Pumpkin Lovers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 Sugar Pie Pumpkin
1 can evaporated milk
3 egg yolks
1 large egg
1 (14 ounce) can sweetened condensed milk
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
1/2 teaspoon fine salt
1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg
1/8 teaspoon Chinese 5-spice powder
1 9-inch unbaked pie crust (see footnote for recipe link)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Slice pumpkin in half. Place cut side down on rimmed baking sheet. Bake for 45 minutes. Remove baking sheet from oven. Peel pumpkin and cut into 1 inch cubes. Dry baking sheet, line with parchment. Place cubes of pumpkin on baking sheet and roast for 45 minutes to 1 hour. Once pumpkin is dry and slightly carmelized, puree with evaporated mile to desired consistency.
Whisk together pumpkin puree, egg yolks, and egg in a large bowl until smooth. Add sweetened condensed milk, cinnamon, ginger, salt, nutmeg, and Chinese 5-spice powder; whisk until thoroughly combined.
Fit pie crust in a 9-inch pie plate and crimp edges.
Pour filling into the pie shell and lightly tap on the work surface to release any air bubbles.
Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) and bake until just set in the middle, 30 to 40 minutes. A paring knife inserted into the filling, 1 inch from the crust, should come out clean. Allow to cool completely before serving.

Submitter: 
glypnirsgirl
Description: 
The seasoning for Chef John's pumpkin pie is amazingly delicious. The pumpkin pie fan in our family grew up on a farm where pumpkins were raised. He loves pumpkin pie with PUMPKIN. I revised Chef John's recipe for my brother-in-law, Dan.

This rich pumpkin pie includes sweetened condensed milk and egg yolks in the filling for the perfect custard texture.Modified from: Chef John's Pumpkin Pie
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
2 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
