URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63869302/unicorn-poop/
Title:
Unicorn Poop Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1073690.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup Sugar
1/2 cup Butter - Softened
1/2 cup Shortening
3 1/2 tablespoon(s) Cream Cheese - Softened
1/2 teaspoon Salt
1 whole Egg
1/2 teaspoon Almond Extract
2 cup(s) All Purpose Flour
Food Coloring (As many different colors as you want the cookies to be!)
Silver Candy Balls (If Desired)
Food Sprinkles (If Desired)
Sparkle Gel
Edible Glitter

Directions:
Combine butter, shortening and cream cheese in a large bowl, beat together until smooth. Add sugar and salt. Beat until combined. Beat in egg and almond extract until combined and gradually add the flour beating until combined.
Form dough into a ball with your hands and then into a log shape, divide the log shape into six portions (or how ever many colors you want).
Place each portion of dough into individual wraps of plastic and tint the dough different colors (See Below for instructions on how to tint the dough)
Chill tinted dough in the refrigerator 1 hour or freezer 15-20 minutes.
Divide each tinted chilled dough ball into 8 equal pieces.
Take one piece of each colored dough (leaving the rest in the fridge while you work) and roll out like a rope or snake on your counter-top. If you use a piece of waxed paper on the counter, you shouldn't have to add any flour.
Roll the rope shape to about 6 inches long. Continue rolling all the colors and stacking them into a pile. Gently press the ropes together and roll the large multicolored "rope" on the counter to round and smooth it and if desired to lengthen it to 10 to 12".
Cut the multicolored "rope" into two pieces, using both hands, roll with your palms in different directions on both end of the rope pieces to twist it gently.
Coil the rope into a poop shape, using your imagination as to what you think unicorn poop should look like.
Press some silver candy balls into the dough pieces to decorate if desired. Place dough on greased cookie sheet (or one covered with parchment or silicone mat) and bake at 375 F for 8-10 minutes until cookies are set and bottoms are light brown, they will not spread very much.
Cool on wire rack.
(See notes for tinting the dough)

Submitter: 
BigPapaBear
Description: 
One of our favorite cookies to make, the kids love these!

After the cookies are finished you can coat with sparkle gel and/or edible glitter to give them some sparkle and add some sprinkles to the still wet gel for more texture. Let cookies dry completely before stacking.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
