URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63866695/texas-burrito-bake/
Title:
Texas Burrito Bake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2059296.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound lean ground beef
1 onion, chopped
1/2 teaspoon minced garlic
2 packets of taco seasoning (or your homemade seasoning)
1 cup diced cubanelle peppers
1/2  28-29 ounce can diced tomatoes (Put other 1/2 in small serving bowl, chill & serve as topping with the bake or if prefer put whole can in meat).
1 cup mild salsa
1/2 (16 ounce) jar mild taco sauce Serve remainder at table with bake, if desired)
1 (16 ounce) can refried beans
3 (10 inch) flour tortillas
1-2 (8 ounce) bags of shredded Mexican cheese (reserve 3 ounces or more to serve at table)
Sour Cream
Shredded Lettuce
Taco Sauce (remainder of jar)
Diced tomatoes (left from can or fresh if prefer
Mexican cheese shredded (remainder from bags)
Diced onions )if desired)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a large non-stick skillet over medium heat, saute the ground beef until done and is small crumbles. Drain fat from skillet and rinse to remove rest of fat. Return meat to skillet. Add the onion and garlic, and saute for 5 more minutes.  Mix in the packets of taco seasoning until all meat is covered with the seasoning. Stir in salsa, mixing well then add refried beans and mix until meat is covered with beans (as beans warm they become easier to spread through meat). When well mixed add cubanelle peppers, tomatoes, and taco sauce. Stir mixture thoroughly, remove from heat.
Spread a thin layer of the meat mixture in the bottom of a 12 inch cast iron skillet (or appropriate size baking dish). Cover with a tortilla, then spread the meat mixture over the tortilla covering it completely. Sprinkle the Mexican cheese over the meat, according to taste. Repeat tortilla, meat, cheese layers until all the tortillas are used, topping off with a layer of meat mixture but do not add cheese layer at this time. Add 2 cups of water, pouring slowly and gently over center of meat so water spreads over entire layer and down the sides into the skillet. (A 12 inch skillet holds 3- 10 inch tortilla layers with approximately 1 - 1 1/2 inches left at the top to hold the water.
Bake for 20 to 30 minutes until heated through and sauce is thickened and bubbly around the outside edges. Remove from oven and sprinkle cheese over top as desired. Cheese will melt without having to put back in oven. Serve and top with shredded lettuce, diced tomatoes, diced onions, sour cream, taco sauce and more cheese as desired. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
deb1001
Description: 
It is a quick and easy family dinner that is very versatile.Modified from: Burrito Pie
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
