URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63866558/hostess-orange-cupcake/
Title:
Hostess Orange Cupcake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1072972.jpg
Ingredients:
Cupcake:
1 1/2 cup cake flour
1 1/4 tsp baking powder
1/4 tsp salt
1/2 cup unsalted butter
1 cup sugar
2 eggs
2 tsp orange zest
3 Tbsp fresh squeezed orange juice
1/3 cup whole milk
Cream Filling:
1 cup unsalted butter, softened
3/4 cup confectioners sugar
1/4 cup heavy cream
1/2 tsp vanilla
Orange Glaze:
2 cups confectioners sugar
3 Tbsp strained fresh orange juice
1 Tbsp orange-flavored liquer
Orange Food Coloring
Royal Icing Squiggle:
2 1/2 cups confectioners sugar
3 Tbsp liquid pasteurized egg white
1 Tbsp warm water

Directions:
Cupcakes:
Position a rack in the center of the oven, preheat to 350. Line a 12 cup muffin tin with cupcake liners.
Sift flour, baking powder, and salt; Whisk to combine.
Using electric mixer and paddle, beat butter until creamy. Gradually add sugar and beat for 3 minutes. Reduce speed and add eggs until blended. Add orange zest and juice until blended (looks curdled). Reduce speed and add flour mix in the additions, alternating with milk in two additions. Divide mixture evenly into muffin cups. Bake 18 - 22 minutes, until inserted toothpick comes clean.
Filling:
With electric mixture and paddle attachment, beat butter until creamy. Gradually add confectioners sugar and beat at high about 3 minutes. Add cream and beat another minute. Use to fill pastry bag with 1/4 inch tip.
Use paring knife to  cut a small X in the center of the bottom of each cupcake, holding it upside-down, resting your fingers on the top. Poke the pastry tip 3/4 of the way into the cupcake, and squeeze in the filling, stopping when you feel pressure on the top.
Glaze:
Sift confectioners sugar into a small saucepan and stir in orange juice and luiquer to make a smooth paste. Heat glaze until warm to the touch. Remove from heat and stir in orange food coloring. Dip each cupcake in the glaze, letting excess drip off.
Combine all royale icing ingreiants in an electric mixer bowl with paddle. Beat on high for 5 minutes. Should be thick (add more sugar if not). Using a small pastry bag with a writing tip, pipe a row of curlicues horizonatally across the face of each cupcake.

Submitter: 
Mark Kowitz
Description: 
Hostess Cupcakes (copycat)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
