URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63860728/chocolate-sunbutter-banana-cream-pie/
Title:
Chocolate Sunbutter Banana Cream Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 chocolate pie crust
GANACHE:
1 cup semi sweet chocolate
1/2 cup heavy whipping cream
PUDDING AND CHOCOLATE LAYERS:
3/4 cups sugar
1/3 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 cups whole milk
3 egg yolks
1 tablespoon unsalted butter
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/4 cup semi-sweet chocolate chips
2 medium bananas, sliced
SUNBUTTER WHIPPED TOPPING:
8 oz cream cheese, softened
1 cup peanut butter
1/2 cups sugar
1 cup heavy whipping cream
1/2 tsp vanilla

Directions:
GANACHE:
Place chocolate chips in a glass bowl.Heat the cream in a small saucepan until very hot, but not boiling. Pour hot cream over the chocolate. Let it sit for 4 minutes. Whisk the chocolate mixture until the chocolate is melted and the mixture is smooth.
Cover the bottom and sides of pie crust with ganache and chill to set.
FILLING:
In a medium saucepan, mix sugar, flour and salt. Stir in 1 cup of milk, mix until smooth, and bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring constantly. Continue to stir until smooth and thickened, about 2 minutes, then remove from heat.
Beat the egg yolks with the remaining cup of milk. Temper the egg mixture with a small amount of the slightly cooled milk mixture then blend this into the larger saucepan with the cooling milk mixture.
Return saucepan to the heat and bring to a boil again, stirring constantly, lower heat and simmer until mixture is the consistency of thick pudding, about 1 minute.
Remove from the heat and quickly stir in butter and vanilla. Transfer half of the filling mixture to a small bowl and set aside. Add chocolate chips to remaining filling and stir until melted and smooth.
Allow fillings to cool for 5 minutes, then pour plain filling into cooled pie shell. Arrange a single layer of banana slices on top of the filling. Pour chocolate filling on top. Refrigerate until completely cooled.
SUNBUTTER WHIPPED TOPPING:
In a large bowl combine cream cheese, peanut butter and sugar. Beat well. Add 1/4 cup whipping cream and beat at high speed for 3 minutes until fluffy. In a small bowl beat remaining 3/4 cups whipping cream until soft peaks form. Fold into peanut butter mixture. Drizzle remaining melted chocolate or hershey bar shavings on top. Chill for 3 hours and serve chilled.

Submitter: 
Apron Appeal
Description: 
Everything ever needed in a desert pie; pastry, pudding, chocolate, fruit and sunbutter.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
6 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
