URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63869716/apple-cider-maple-turkey-brine/
Title:
Apple Cider Maple Turkey Brine Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 gallon Apple Cider
1 gallon cold water
1 cup Soy Sauce
2 cups brown sugar
1 cup real Maple syrup
3/4 cup Kosher Salt
8 cloves whole garlic cloves, peeled
6 bay leaves
3 large fresh Thyme sprigs
1 Tablespoon whole black peppercorns
1 cup Apple Jack Brandy or Sour Mash Whiskey
Ice

Directions:
Wash, rinse and dry a cooler just large enough to hold the turkey or line cooler with a food safe plastic bag.
Place 4 cups of the water in a large sauce pan over medium heat and stir in brown sugar, soy sauce, maple syrup, kosher salt, garlic cloves, bay leaves, thyme and peppercorns.  Stir to dissolve brown sugar and salt.  Bring to a boil.  Once boiling, remove from heat and let cool for five minutes.  Now stir in brandy or whiskey.  Let mix cool COMPLETELY!
Pour remaining 12 cups of water in cooler and pour in the gallon of Apple Cider. Stir.  Add cooled mixture from previous step.
Place frozen turkey (remove plastic wrapper) in brine solution and close the cooler.  Allow to sit for 4-5 days to thaw slowly, turning turkey daily to submerge.  Add ice if solution becomes too warm (>42 degrees)
If brining a previously thawed turkey, allow turkey to bathe for two days

Submitter: 
MR. YO
Description: 
A dark, somewhat sweet brine enriched with maple syrup.  This recipe is a combination of several different recipes I previously tried. This has worked perfectly now for three years running.  Always generates highly positive comments.  I have used it on whole turkeys and pork shoulders. I usually start my Thanksgiving turkey(frozen) the Sunday morning before Thanksgiving and it is ready to go on Thursday.
Always moist and very flavorful.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1.5 hrs(solution cooling)
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
