URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63861855/fresh-green-bean-casserole/
Title:
Fresh Green Bean Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 Tbsp butter
2 onions, halved and thinly sliced (about 2 cups)
1 tsp sugar (optional)
1 lb green beans, trimmed
1 Tbsp butter
1 Tbsp olive oil
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 10 oz. package mushrooms, cleaned and quartered
1 Tbsp flour
1 1/2 cup mushroom stock (can use low or no salt chicken, beef or vegetable stock)
1/2 cup milk or cream
1 tsp dried thyme
1 tsp rubbed sage
Salt & pepper
1/2 cup shredded emmentaler cheese (or gruyere)
1/2 cup shredded extra sharp cheddar cheese
1/4 cup grated parmesan
1/2 cup panko bread crumbs

Directions:
Melt 2 Tbsp butter in large skillet.  Add sliced onions and cook over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally, until caramelized (about 20 minutes). If desired, sprinkle with sugar about halfway through cooking time. Remove onions from pan and set aside.
Meanwhile, heat pot of water to a boil; add green beans and cook until tender-crisp, about 12 minutes.  Remove from water and rinse in cold water to stop cooking process.
In skillet, add 1 Tbsp butter and 1 Tbsp olive oil; increase heat to medium.  Add mushrooms and garlic; sauté until mushrooms are golden brown.  Sprinkle flour in pan and mix with pan juices to make a roux.  Pour in stock and bring to a boil; add thyme and sage; stir in milk, cooking and stirring until sauce thickens.
Season with salt and pepper; remove from heat.
Place green beans in casserole or baking dish; pour mushroom sauce over green beans.  Top with shredded cheeses.
Mix panko with grated parmesan and sprinkle evenly on top.
Top reserved caramelized onions.
Bake at 350 for 15 minutes or until heated through and cheese is bubbly.

Submitter: 
ChristineM
Description: 
Grown up version of the traditional green bean casserole - no canned soup, and canned French fried onions are replaced with caramelized onions.  I used mushroom stock that I had purchased and forgot about - needed to use it up!  But beef or vegetable stock would be my next preference.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
65
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
