URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63876448/gingerbread/
Title:
Gingerbread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1384249.jpg
Ingredients:
2 1/2 cups All-Purpose Flour
1 1/2 t. baking soda
1/2 t. salt
1 t. ground ginger
1 t. ground cinnamon
1/2 t. ground cloves
Sift the above ingredients together
1/2 c. shortening
1/2 c. sugar
1 egg
1 c. sorghum molasses
1 c. very hot water

Directions:
Grease a 10 x 14-inch pan, and dust lightly with flour.  If you wonder how to do this, look on page 14.
Sift flour once.  (See page 6.) Then measure, and sift again with the soda, salt and the three spices.  If you don't have cloves, it really won't matter too much, but you'll have to have the ginger or you won't have gingerbread
Cream shortening and sugar together.  Come, come now. Don't get tired.  Remember it must be light and fluffy.
Add the unbeaten egg, and keep on beating for another couple of minutes.
Next add the sourghum molasses.  This is awfully good stuff to eat.  You might dip out an extra teaspoonful of it and eat it.  You can do that while you rest a minute.
Now, if you are rested a bit, add the dry ingredients, and here's a little trick.  Don't add dry ingredients all at once.  Say, about 1/3 of the flour mixture, fold that in, then 1/3 of the hot water, next some flour, then the rest of the hot water, and now dump in all the flour that's left.  Grownups seem to think it makes a better cake to add the dry ingredients alternately with the liquid, always starting and ending with the dry ingredients.
Now pour this into the well-greased pan.
Bake for 40 to 45 minutes in a preheated oven at 350 degrees.
When you take the gingerbread from the oven, better turn it out on a cake cooler.  That's pretty tricky.  Mother or big sister will help you.  Serve piping hot.  Some folks like to use butter on their gingerbread, some like it cold with whipped cream. Me, I like it any way and as often as possible.
Secret . . . In the United States Sentate dining room they serve gingerbread every noon.  Some of the Senators eat it like bread.  It's such a healthful food for all of us to eat.

Submitter: 
Shearone
Description: 
This gingerbread recipe was the first recipe I ever made all by myself at age 9. My beloved late Aunt,Sally, gave me the cookbook Sugar and Spice and All Things Nice.  It was published by the Westinghouse Electric Division and has a copyright date of 1950. I made it for my family in 1959 and now make it in 2013 with my own daughter and grandchildren. Try the recipe, share the gingerbread with someone you love and be sure and serve with a tall glass of cold milk. Above everything else, cherish the memories :) Shearone
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
