URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63875554/santa-cookies/
Title:
Santa Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1075148.jpg
Ingredients:
1 c. granulated sugar
1/2 c. shortening
2 T. milk
1 t. finely grated lemon peel
1 egg
2 c. flour
1 t. baking powder
1/2 t. baking soda
1/2 t. salt
1/4 c. sugar to top cookies before baking
1 1/2 c. powdered sugar
1/2 t. vanilla
2 T. water
1 shaker red decorating sugar
1 small bag coconut flakes
1 small bag mini marshmallows
1/4 c. mini chocolate chips and 1/4 c. red cinnamon candies OR 1 bag of mini candy coated chocolates

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees Fahrenheit.
Cream shortening and sugar till light and fluffy, add milk, grated lemon peel and egg, mix until well combined.
In another bowl, combine flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Gradually add to moist ingredients, mixing well with each addition.
Roll dough into 1 1/4" balls. Press the balls into circles with the flat end of a glass dipped in sugar.
Bake 8-10 minutes until lightly browned. Remove from oven and cool on a wire rack.
After cookies are completely cool, mix together the powdered sugar, vanilla and water to make an icing glaze. Add more or less water to adjust the consistency. You will want it to be thick enough to prevent it from dripping off the cookie, but thin enough to make a light coating.
Quickly ice the top of one cookie with glaze. Immediately shake the red sugar in a crescent shape in the top third of the cookie. Put a mini marshmallow on one side of the red area to make Santa's hat and tassel.
On the lower third, make the beard with coconut flakes. You could substitute coarsely granulated sugar or a thick icing if you are not a coconut fan.
Place a red candy for the nose, and either 2 mini chocolate chips or candy coated chocolates for the eyes. Allow to dry a few minutes before sealing in an airtight container.

Submitter: 
Julie Tramp
Description: 
This sugar cookie recipe is one of my favorites, but if you are in a hurry you can use the refrigerated variety or a mix. The real fun for small kids is the decorating! My children always made these for Santa every Christmas.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 mintues
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
