URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63871065/amandas-pot-roast-with-veggies/
Title:
Amanda's Pot Roast With Veggies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 (3 1/2) pound boneless beef chuck roast
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 large onion, finely chopped
2 cloves garlic, chopped, or to taste
2 1/2 cups beef stock
1 (16 ounce) can diced tomatoes
1/4 cup red wine vinegar
1 tablespoon brown sugar
2 bay leaves
3/4 pound carrots, cut diagonally into 1-inch-thick slices
1 pound small red potatoes, quartered lengthwise
2 mushrooms chopped, or more to taste
1 1/2 tablespoons cornstarch
1 1/2 tablespoons cold water
2 stalks celery (or 1 pinch celery salt to taste)
1 pinch dried basil, or to taste
1 pinch dried thyme, or to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C).
Heat vegetable oil in a large, heavy pot or cast-iron Dutch oven over medium heat. Brown chuck roast in the hot oil completely, 5 to 8 minutes per side; season with salt and black pepper and transfer to a platter. Reserve oil in pot.
Cook and stir onion and garlic in the oil until onions are golden, about 15 minutes. Stir beef stock, tomatoes, red wine vinegar, brown sugar, and bay leaves into onions and garlic; bring to a boil and add carrots. Boil for 30 min. then add chuck roast, potatoes and mushrooms into the mixture. Cover pot.
Cook in the preheated until roast is tender. About 4 to 4 1/2 hours.
Transfer beef to a serving platter, cover loosely with a tent of aluminum foil, and set aside to rest for 10 minutes.
Whisk cornstarch into cold water in a small bowl and stir into the drippings. Season with celery salt, basil, and thyme. Simmer until thickened, about 5 minutes. Remove and discard bay leaves. Slice beef; serve on a platter surrounded by vegetables. Pour gravy over beef.

Submitter: 
Amanda Nye
Description: 
Beef chuck roast simmers with a mix of vegetables and spices to make your house smell delicious and make everyone's mouths water. Even picky eaters can enjoy this dish.Modified from: Pot Roast with Vegetables
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
6 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
