URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63877808/green-chili-sloppers/
Title:
Green Chili Sloppers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1075753.jpg
Ingredients:
chicken stock 64 oz.(2 boxes of 32 oz.)
1 can of diced tomatoes, blended
6 green roasted green chiles peeled and diced or 1 (4.5 oz.) can chopped green chile and 1 can (4.5 oz.) jalapeno peppers diced
1 and 1/2 lbs. of boneless pork shoulder-fat trimmed or pork stew meat diced
4 T. of flour to dredge pork
4 T. canola oil
1 tsp. onion powder
1 tsp. garlic powder
1 tsp. garlic salt
1/2 tsp. of cumin
2 garlic cloves, minced
1/8 tsp. of black pepper
If needed:
2 T. corn starch if chili needs to be thickened
1/4 cup of cold water
Toppings:
2 cups of cheddar cheese shredded,
1/2 cup diced sweet onions

Directions:
Peel roasted chiles, remove seeds, and dice.
Dice pork in small pieces.
Add flour to a paper bag. Dredge pork in flour. Heat oil on medium high for 2-3 minutes. Fry pork in oil until brown.
Add 32 oz. of chicken stock. Bring to a boil and turn down to medium. Boil for 15-20 minutes.
Meanwhile blend tomatoes in a blender.
Then, add the rest of the chicken stock (32 oz.)
Add chiles and blended tomatoes
Add garlic, garlic powder, onion powder, black pepper and cumin.
Turn down heat to simmer for 1 hour.
If chili needs to be thicker- blend 2 T. corn starch and 1/4 cup of cold water
Bring chili to a boil, add corn starch and whisk with a whisk.
Turn down heat and let thicken for a few minutes.
NOTE: Chili is always better the next day-I like to make this chili the night before so the flavors blend together.
Grill hamburgers, place between 2 hamburger buns. Smother hamburger with chili, add shredded mild cheddar cheese, and onions. You can also smother french fries.

Submitter: 
Lela
Description: 
A special flavorful chili from Southern Colorado and the New Mexico area. A Hamburger smothered with a tender pork chili using green roasted chiles. Top with Cheddar cheese and onions with a side of French Fries. This chili is simmered to bring out the flavor. My kids request this meal for their birthday dinners.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 and 1/2 h
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
