URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63875510/nicoles-french-almond-macarons/
Title:
Nicole's French Almond Macarons Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1103068.jpg
Ingredients:
2 egg whites (room temperature)
5 tbsp granulated sugar
1/2 cup ground almonds
1 cup powdered sugar

Directions:
Sift the powdered sugar with the ground almonds and set aside. Beat the egg whites in a large bowl until they are frothy. Add the sugar a little at a time and continue to beat until the mixture is glossy and stiff (stiff peaks).
Add the dry ingredients to the egg whites (I added it in all at once, but you can do half and half if you want).
Fold the dry ingredients into the egg whites and then begin to scrape the surface of the mixture to the sides of the bowl and then fold in again.
Continue to do this scrape and fold until the mixture drips off your spatula somewhat like lava from a volcano. Slow and steady, not fast and runny.
Fill a pastry bag (or a plastic bag with a cut-off corner) with macarons mixture and pipe out small mounds of the mixture, as evenly sized as you can onto a parchment covered cookie sheet. They don't spread much so you can leave an inch or so between them.
Tap the cookie sheet firmly onto the counter top, this will flatten them slightly and will remove and ridges or peaks on them.
VERY IMPORTANT STEP:
Let them sit and dry until when you touch the surface of them, they will not stick to your fingers. They form a sort of shield or skin on them. This is vital to the macarons baking properly.
This will vary in time, mine took about 20 minutes, but they have taken as little as ten minutes for me in the winter when the air is dry.
Bake in center of a pre-heated 300F oven for about 12 minutes. Check after ten minutes, you will know they are done they have the little frill or feet around the base and when you touch the top caps they will not jiggle around. They should NOT be brown.
Remove from oven and cool completely. Fill with your desired filling.
Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Hajni Cheek
Description: 
Very easy recipe: Nicole was 13 years old when she made them and they came out perfect the first time!
(she never baked before)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
