URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63872705/best-seafood-boil-ever/
Title:
Best Seafood Boil Ever Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1075984.jpg
Ingredients:
Ingredients
Water
4 lemons, halved, plus more for serving
6 bay leaves
6 teaspoons kosher salt
1 2/3 cup Old Bay
2 bunch thyme, tied with string
2 medium sweet onions,(preferably Vidalia) quartered
4 serrano chiles, split in 1/2 lengthwise (membranes and seeds removed)
2 head of garlic, halved
3 lbs. red potatoes, medium , cut in 1/2
6 ears sweet corn, halved
5 packages (horseshoe)smoked kielbasa, cut into 2-inch pieces
30 littleneck clams, scrubbed
4 pounds jumbo shrimp deveined with shell on.
2.5 lbs. of Alaskan King Crab Legs (just claws if available)
Old bay and kosher salt for seasoning

Directions:
Fill a very large stock pot or divide into two stock pots (or half the recipe), preferably fitted with a basket insert, with about 8 quarts of water. I use a turkey fryer! The water level will rise when you add the ingredients so keep this in mind as you fill. I fill mine about half way. Squeeze the lemons into the water, tossing in the halves too. Add the bay leaves, old bay seasoning, thyme, kosher salt,  vidalia onions, Serrano peppers and garlic; bring the broth to a boil over medium-high heat and simmer for 10 minutes. You should be able to smell the broth with plenty of salt and spice...taste and add old bay and kosher salt accordingly. You want the broth to be strong so some of the flavor can penetrate and get absorbed by the potatoes and sausage.
Add the potatoes to the pot and simmer for 15-20 minutes. Next add the corn and sausage; cook another 5 minutes, making sure everything stays covered with the liquid. Add the clams and boil for about 8  minutes until they open. Then toss in the shrimp and shut off the heat. Cover the pot and let the shrimp steep in the flavor for 10 minutes. Add the crab in the last 5 minutes (press them into the liquid).  Drain and spread the crab, shrimp, sausage, clams, corn, potatoes, and onions out on a newspaper covered table or on large serving trays (3). Sprinkle with a dusting of old bay or provide for individual use. Serve with fresh lemons, bloody Mary's, cold beer, crusty bread and plenty of napkins.

Submitter: 
Brian Sapp
Description: 
This is the absolute best way to enjoy seafood. The lemon and thyme really make the boil. The potato's, corn and sausage are mouthwatering for anyone who is not a big seafood lover. Enjoy in the summertime or  pull this recipe out on Christmas and take time to relax with the family.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
90
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
