URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63886458/kung-pao-chicken-or-shrimp-or-pork-or/
Title:
Kung Pao Chicken (or Shrimp, or Pork, or...) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1078245.jpg
Ingredients:
Marinade:
1 Tbl Shaoxing Wine (Optional)
1 Tbl Light Soy Sauce
1 Tbl Sesame Oil
1 Tbl Corn Starch, mixed in with 2 Tbl of cold water to make a slurry
Sauce:
1 Tbl Light Soy Sauce
1 Tsp Dark Soy Sauce
1 Tbl Chili Paste to taste (I prefer Giulin chili paste, but any Asian garlic chili sauce should work)
1 Tbl Shaoxing Wine (Optional)
1 Tsp Sesame Oil
2 Tbl Hoisin Sauce
2 Tsp Black Vinegar
1/3 Cup Chicken Stock or Water
1 Tbl Corn Starch, mixed in with 2 Tbl of cold water to make a slurry
2 Tbl Brown Sugar
2 Tbl Garlic, minced or crushed
2 Tbl Green Onion, chopped
Other Ingredients:
1-2 Chicken Breast Halves, cubed (substitute Shrimp or Pork, or Tofu, as desired)
1 Cup Mixed Vegetables, chopped
2 Tbl Garlic, minced or crushed
2 Tbl Vegetable Oil
2 Tbl Sesame Oil
Unsalted Peanuts

Directions:
Mix the marinade ingredients and add the Chicken. Allow to marinade a minimum of 20 minutes.
Mix all sauce ingredients together in a medium bowl.
Heat your frying pan or wok over medium-high to high heat. Once the pan is hot, add 1 Tbl of oil and 1 Tbl of sesame oil and the vegetables. Stir frequently and add 1 Tbl of garlic midway. Once the vegetables are done, remove to a preheated serving plate and set aside. Return the pan to the heat.
Add 1 Tbl of oil and 1 Tbl of sesame oil, and then the chicken in one layer to the pan. Let the chicken cook undisturbed for about a minute and a half, just long enough to develop some caramelization and color.  Add 1 Tbl of garlic and stir, continuing to cook the chicken until just done, about another 2 minutes. Once the chicken is fully cooked, remove to a plate and keep near the stove. Return the pan to the heat.
Stir the sauce mixture and pour into the pan.  As the sauce heats up, it will thicken. Stir thoroughly until the thickening is complete, and then add the chicken back to the pan, along with the unsalted peanuts. Allow the chicken to get fully coated and reheated, then pour the sauce/meat mixture on top of the warm vegetables. Serve with cooked white rice and enjoy!

Submitter: 
joechip
Description: 
I love Kung Pao Chicken, but can rarely find a version of it in a restaurant that I really like. I've similarly seen lots of recipes for the dish, but none of which have ever met my expectations for great Kung Pao.  I've been playing with this recipe at home for some time and think I've finally found something that fulfills my epicurean desire. Please enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
