URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63889319/my-shrimp-scampi/
Title:
My Shrimp Scampi Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb. pasta of your choice, reserve 1/2 cup of cooked pasta water
1/3 cup butter
2 Tbls EVOO
5 cloves garlic
2 Tbls minced shallot (or onion)
1 cup good white wine
2 Tbls capers
1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley
sea salt and black pepper to taste
1/8 teas red pepper flakes
1 lb of fresh shrimp
1 Tbls fresh grated parmesan cheese plus more for sprinkling on finished dish.

Directions:
This dish comes together very quickly so it is important to have all of your ingredients prepped. Clean and de-vain shrimp.
Mince the 5 cloves of garlic and set aside. In a med. bowl toss the cleaned shrimp with 1-2 teaspoons of the minced garlic and sprinkle with s&p set aside.  Mince the shallot and set aside.  Chop parsley and set aside.  Measure out, in their own separate cups, capers, wine and red pepper flakes and set aside.
Put a large pot of water onto boil.  While water is heating melt butter in a large skillet.  When butter is just melted add EVOO, shallot and garlic.  Sauté for a minute or two.  Add capers, parsley, wine and red pepper flakes.  Simmer to reduce wine by half.  It will now be time to add the pasta to the boiling water.  When pasta only has about 5 min. left, add the shrimp to the sauce.  Saute on each side for about 2-3 mins until pink in color throughout.  Drain pasta RESERVING 1/2 CUP LIQUID.  Pour out pasta on a large warmed platter or serving bowl.  If sauce needs liquid, add a bit of the reserved pasta water as needed.  Simmer a couple minutes.  Pour sauce over the pasta and lightly toss. Sprinkle with additional fresh parsley and Parmesan. Serve immediately.
Serve with a crisp garden salad and garlic bread.

Submitter: 
Mary P.
Description: 
This is a delicious yet quick Scampi that will please everyone's tastes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
30 min
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
