URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63894475/roasted-speaghetti-squash-sausage-lasagna-boats/
Title:
Roasted Speaghetti Squash Sausage Lasagna Boats Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 small - medium spaghetti squash (about 6 cups cooked)
salt and pepper to taste
1/2 cup part skim ricotta cheese
3 tbsp grated Parmesan cheese
1 tbsp chopped parsley
1 cup mozzarella cheese
1 tsp olive oil
1/2 large onion, minced
3 cloves of garlic, minced
1 pound ground Italian sausage
14 oz can of crushed tomatoes
2 tbsp chopped basil
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400F.  Wash spaghetti squash.  Using large kitchen knife cut squash in half lengthwise.  Scoop out seeds and membrane.  Season lightly with salt and pepper.  Put in preheated oven, cut side down.  Bake for 45 minutes or until soft.  Remove from oven and let cool for about 10 minutes.  Keep the oven on.
While spaghetti squash is baking, begin preparing sauce.  In a medium bowl combine ricotta cheese, Parmesan cheese and parsley. Mix well.
Next, in a large deep skillet heat oil and add onions and garlic.  Saute on medium for 3-4 minutes until onions are soft. Add sausage and cook until browned.  Break up meat in to small ground pieces as it is cooking.  Once it is cooked though add tomatoes.  Salt and pepper to taste. Heat and simmer on low 30 minutes.  Add the basil in the last 5 minutes.
Once the sauce is simmering and the squash is cool enough to handle, remove the flesh by scraping the flesh of the squash with a fork.  It should look like strands of spaghetti.  Reserve the shells.  Drain the squash in paper towel lined colander to soak up excess liquid.
Next toss spaghetti squash with tomato sauce mixture.  Spoon the squash and sauce mixture into the six squash shells.  Top with 1-2 tablespoons of the ricotta cheese mixture and 2 tablespoons of mozzarella cheese.
Bake 30 minutes or until everything is hot and cheese is melted.

Submitter: 
Angela Naumann
Description: 
This is the perfect healthy option when you are craving the comfort of lasagna.  By using spaghetti squash you add a veggie and still get the feeling that comes with a rich pasta dish.  These delicious spaghetti squash  boats are filled with Italian sausage, a robust tomato sauce, ricotta, Parmesan and mozzarella cheeses.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
