URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63893657/pasta-with-blue-cheese-cream-sauce/
Title:
Pasta with Blue Cheese Cream Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Sauce:
2 cups heavy cream
3/4 cup crumbled blue cheese
2 Tbsp freshly grated Parmesan
3/4 tsp kosher salt
3/4 tsp black pepper
&
Candied Bacon:
8 strips of bacon, chopped into small pieces
1 Tbsp brown sugar
1/2 tsp cinnamon
1/4 tsp nutmeg
&
1 box angel hair pasta
1 large shallot, diced
3-4 cloves of garlic, minced
1/2 cup chicken stock
1 cup diced sun-dried tomatoes
1 cup walnuts, or to taste
1 Tbsp fresh rosemary, chopped

Directions:
In a medium sauce pan, bring the heavy cream to a full boil over medium-high heat.  Continue to boil rapidly for 30 minutes stirring occasionally until thickened like a white sauce.
While the heavy cream is boiling:  Preheat oven (or toaster oven if you have it) to 350 degrees.  Spread walnuts on a foil-lined baking sheet.  Roast for 5-7 minutes, or until they become fragrant.  Set aside.
In a medium saute pan on medium heat, add bacon pieces and sprinkle with brown sugar, cinnamon and nutmeg.  Cook until crispy, apx 7-9 minutes.  With a slotted spoon, remove bacon to a paper towel lined plate.
Discard bacon fat, reserving apx 1 Tbsp.  Add shallots and garlic to the bacon fat and saute on medium heat until aromatic, apx 5-7 minutes.
Cook pasta as directed on the box.  I suggest adding a couple rosemary sprigs to the boiling water with the pasta.  Adds a nice flavor.  Drain and remove rosemary sprigs.
Add sun dried tomatoes to the shallots and garlic, saute for 2 minutes.  Add chicken stock and bring to a boil.  Turn heat to medium-low and cook until the liquid has reduced almost completely.
After the cream has finished thickening, turn the heat down to low add the blue cheese, Parmesan, salt and pepper.  Whisk rapidly until the cheese melts.
Add cheese sauce to shallot mixture, stir to combine.  Add pasta, toss to coat.  Top with bacon and walnuts.  Sprinkle with chopped rosemary.  Yum!

Submitter: 
Zest to Impress
Description: 
Angel hair pasta tossed in a blue cheese cream sauce with candied bacon, roasted walnuts and sun dried tomatoes.  Sprinkled with fresh rosemary.  Bring on the bacon!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
60 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
