URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63895705/chicken-with-tomatoes-and-sausages/
Title:
Chicken with Tomatoes and Sausages Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 Tbsp olive oil
1 onion, chopped
1 can Italian plum tomatoes, coarsely chopped (28 oz.)
1 can tomato puree (15 oz.)
2 cups water
1 Tbsp dried basil leaves
2 tsp dried thyme
2 garlic cloves, finely minced
1 tsp salt
1 bay leaf
1 lb sweet Italian sausages
1 lb hot Italian sausages
2 yellow onions, sliced
1 green bell pepper, seeded and cut into 1-inch strips
1 red bell pepper, seeded and cut into 1-inch strips
½ lb mushrooms, sliced
2 garlic cloves, minced
2 Tbsp olive oil
1 3-4 lb chicken, cut into pieces
1 cup dry red wine
3 Tbsp fresh Italian parsley, chopped
1 tsp dried oregano
1 tsp dried basil
1½ tsp salt
½ tsp freshly ground pepper

Directions:
In a medium saucepan, heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil.  Sauté the chopped onion until soft.  Add the remaining tomato sauce ingredients, partially cover and simmer for 1 hour, stirring occasionally.  Remove the bay leaf.
In a large skillet, brown the sausages over medium heat.  Place on paper towels to absorb the excess fat.  Let the sausages cool and slice on the diagonal into 1½-inch pieces.
Remove all but 2 Tbsp of the drippings from the skillet.  Add the onions and sauté for 3 minutes.  Add the peppers and mushrooms and continue cooking another 5 minutes, stirring often.  Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute.  Remove the vegetables to a platter.
Add the olive oil to the skillet and heat.  Add the chicken pieces and sauté until golden brown, about 5 minutes per side.  Remove to a platter.
Pour off the excess oil.  Pour the red wine into the pan and bring to a boil, stirring and scraping up the browned bits.  Add 3 cups of the tomato sauce, herbs, salt and pepper.  Return the chicken to the pan and simmer for about 15 minutes.  Add the sausages and vegetables and cook for another 15 minutes. Skim off the excess fat.

Submitter: 
Sudie B
Description: 
My friend Louise's recipe is lovely on a cold winter evening!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
