URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63896522/eggplant-sandwiches/
Title:
Eggplant sandwiches Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/4 c. olive oil
6 peeled garlic cloves
pinch red hile flakes
2 (28-ounce) cans whole peeled tomatoes (or fresh)
1 tsp. coarse kosher salt, more as needed
2 pounds Italian eggplants
oil for frying
2 eggs, beaten
flour
Parmesan-Reggiano cheese, about 1/4 c. grated
Mozzarella cheese, about 1/2 c. grated
ciabatta loaf or other tasty homemade bread (sourdough is good)

Directions:
In a large saucepan over medium-low heat, combine the oil and garlic.  Cook, stirring occasionally till garlic is golden and fragrant, about 5 minutes. Stir in chile flakes for 30 seconds.
While garlic cooks, place tomatoes and juices in a large bowl and crush with clean hands.  Stir crushed tomatoes and salt into pot.  Simmer over medium-low heat till tomatoes and garlic turn to sauce,about 2 hours, stirring frequently.  (Reduce heat to low as sauce begins to thicken to avoid burning.)
Line a large cooking sheet with parchment paper. Trim eggplants and slice into 1/2 inch slices. Salt both sides. Let stand 10 minutes. Pat eggplant dry with paper towels.
Spread a thin layer of tomato sauce in a 9 x 12 pan.
In a large skillet, heat oil (enough for a thin layer) over medium heat. While oil heats,beat eggs in a pie pan and pour flour onto a plate to cover thickly. Dip eggplant slices into eggs, then flour.  Fry in skillet on each side till golden. (This will take several batches. Begin by placing a layer in the 9  x 12 pan. Reserve rest.)
Sprinkle each eggplant slice with cheeses and top each with a "frosting" of tomato sauce. Place reserved eggplant slices on top of each, and repeat with cheeses and sauce. (If you have sauce left, save for serving.)
Bake in 350 degree oven for about 1/2 hour, till very soft. Slice thin slices of bread, toast if needed for crispness. Place eggplant layer on one slice of bread that is either oiled or spread with extra sauce. Top with second slice of bread.

Submitter: 
Susie
Description: 
Modified version of eggplant sandwich from NYTimes. The sauce is exceptional, and this is way less cheesy than eggplant parmesan.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
2 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
