URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63896031/gnocchi-with-gorgonzola-sauce---cookbook-lidias-italian-american-kitchen/
Title:
Gnocchi with Gorgonzola Sauce - Cookbook: Lidia's Italian-American Kitchen Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1132230.jpg
Ingredients:
Potato gnocchi
Salt to taste
½ C College Inn chicken stock
½ C heavy cream
4 Tbls unsalted butter
freshly ground black pepper
4 oz Gorgonzola
1 C Parmigiano-Reggiano, freshly grated
Optional- Dash of ground Cloves

Directions:
Make the gnocchi.
Bring 6 quarts of salted water to a boil in an 8-quart pot over high heat. (If you plan to cook the gnocchi as soon as they are formed, put the water on to boil while the riced potatoes are cooling. If you are cooking previously frozen gnocchi, make sure the water is boiling before you remove the gnocchi from the freezer.)
Bring the stock, cream and butter to a boil in a large skillet over medium heat. Season lightly with salt and pepper and boil until the sauce is lightly reduced, about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the gorgonzola until dissolved.
Drop the gnocchi into the boiling water a few at a time, stirring gently and continuously with a wooden spoon. Cook just until they rise to the surface and roll over, 2 to 3 minutes. If the skillet is large enough to accommodate the sauce and gnocchi, gently scoop the gnocchi out of the boiling water with a large wire skimmer and add them directly to the sauce in the skillet. If not, drain the gnocchi gently, return them to the pot and pour in the sauce. Bring the sauce and gnocchi to a boil, stirring gently to coat the gnocchi with sauce. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the grated Parmigiano-Reggiano. Check the seasoning, adding salt if necessary. Serve immediately in warm bowls.

Submitter: 
Jack
Description: 
Gnocchi with Gorgonzola Sauce
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
