URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63898646/caramel-apple-pull-a-part-bread/
Title:
Caramel Apple Pull-a-part bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
DOUGH:
1/4 cup warm water
2 1/4 teaspoon active dry yeast
4 tablespoons butter, melted
1/3 cup milk (buttermilk)
1 cup 100% whole wheat flour
1 3/4 cup all-purpose flour (plus 1/4 cup or more, if needed)
1/4 cup honey
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 eggs
FILLING:
3/4 cup brown sugar
2 teaspoons cinnamon
pinch of salt
3 tablespoons butter, melted
1 large tart apple, peeled, cored, and diced (Golden Delicious or Granny Smith recommended)
CARAMEL GLAZE:
2 tablespoons butter
1/2 cup brown sugar
2 tablespoons milk

Directions:
In a small bowl combine warm water and yeast. Stir until yeast is dissolved.
Heat milk, butter & honey together until butter is just melted, but not too hot. Add vanilla and eggs.
To the bowl of a stand-mixer fitted with the dough hook attachment add flour and salt. Turn mixer on low and add yeast and milk mixture until a soft dough forms. Knead for 5-8 minutes until dough is smooth and elastic. Cover and let rise in a warm place 60 minutes or until double. Deflate dough and allow to rise another 30 to 45 minutes.
Turn risen dough out onto a floured work surface and roll out into a large rectangle (~12x24).
In a small bowl mix together the brown sugar, cinnamon, and salt for the filling and set aside. Grease a standard 9x5 loaf pan. In another small bowl melt butter and then brush onto rolled out dough. Sprinkle the entire surface with the cinnamon sugar mixture.
Using a pizza wheel, cut dough into 4 equal-sized, long strips. Sprinkle the first strip with 1/4th of the diced apples. Lay the next strip on top of the first strip. Sprinkle with apples and cover with another strip. Repeat until all the strips are stacked on top of each other.
Cut the stacked strips every 3" and place vertically into prepared loaf pan. Cover with a kitchen towel and let rise 30-45 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350. Bake the bread on the middle rack of oven 40-45 minutes or until golden brown and cooked through (check center for doughiness). If the bread gets too brown on top before it is done cooking in the center, cover loosely with foil for the remainder of cooking time.
GLAZE: add butter, brown sugar and milk to a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil and cook for 1 minute.
Drizzle glaze over loaf in or out of the pan and serve.

Submitter: 
Apron Appeal
Description: 
Apple cinnamon bread with a caramel glaze that adds the right amount of sweetness.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
