URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63891845/hashbrown-skillet-frittata-breakfast-casserole/
Title:
Hashbrown Skillet Frittata (Breakfast Casserole) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1079963.jpg
Ingredients:
2 Tbsp olive oil
1 Tbsp butter
salt, pepper, & rosemary to taste
12 large eggs
3/4 cup milk
1 lb. shredded potatoes or thawed frozen hashbrowns
1 lb. bulk sausage or bacon, browned and drained
2 bell peppers, any color, diced fine
1/2 cup onion, diced fine
2 cups spinach, chopped
1/2 - 1 cup mushrooms chopped
3/4 cups sharp cheddar cheese, grated
sour cream, optional garnish
diced tomatoes, optional garnish
fresh rosemary sprig, optional garnish

Directions:
Melt the butter and heat the oil in a 12 inch cast iron skillet on medium heat. (Any oven-proof skillet would probably work.) Stir in salt, pepper & chopped rosemary.
Press the shredded potatoes into the bottom of the skillet in an even layer and allow to brown over medium heat. (Be patient and resist the temptation to turn up the heat. You want them nicely browned and crisp in places, but not burned. Expect to let them go for at least 15 minutes.)
While potatoes cook, dice up the veggies and shred the cheese. Break eggs into a large bowl and whisk the milk into the eggs until they are thoroughly combined and mixture becomes frothy.
When the hashbrowns have started to brown on the bottom, turn them to allow the uncooked parts to rest against the bottom of the skillet.
Spread the crumbled, cooked meat in an even layer over the hashbrowns. Mix the peppers and onions and spread them evenly over the meat. Sprinkle grated cheese over peppers and onions in an even layer.
Pour the egg mixture over the cheese layer. (sprinkled a little fresh black pepper over the top at this stage.)
(Make-a-head directions)- cover prepared skillet with plastic wrap and place in fridge until you are ready to preheat oven. When you preheat the oven, remove skillet from fridge.
Move the skillet to a 350 degree preheated oven and bake 40-45 minutes or until center is completely set and edges are just beginning to brown. Remove from the oven and allow to cool five to ten minutes before serving.
Slice and serve topped with a dollop of sour cream, some fresh diced tomatoes and a little rosemary.

Submitter: 
Apron Appeal
Description: 
Make-a-head frittata for breakfast or brunch.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
