URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63898318/jans-italian-filled-cookies/
Title:
Jan's Italian Filled Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
DOUGH:
3 cups flour
1 tbsp baking powder
1/2 tsp salt
1 and 1/2 sticks unsalted butter (room temp)
1 cup sugar
1 large egg
1 and 1/2 tsp vanilla extract
1/4 cup milk
------
FILLING:
1/2 cup chopped dried figs
1/2 cup chopped pitted dates
1/2 cup dark raisins
1/2 cup golden raisins
1/2 cup mini chocolate chips
1/2 tsp cinnamon
3/4 cup walnuts (or any nut you prefer)
1 large egg
1/4 cup Amaretto (or orange juice or another liquor you prefer)
1 beaten egg for brushing dough before baking
multi colored sprinkles  (optional)

Directions:
Beat butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in egg and vanilla until well combined.
Add flour, baking powder, salt and milk.  Blend until dough forms.
Divide dough into 4 pieces.  Roll our dough between 2 sheets of wax paper approximately 5 x 11.  Place onto cookie sheet to stay flat and keep paper on.  Repeat with remaining 3 pieces.  Set aside.
Place all the ingredients for the filling into a food processor and pulse until well ground.
Take one section of dough and place on work surface, long edge toward you.  Remove top layer of wax paper.  Place about 1/4 of the filling along the long edge and form into a log shape.  Keep in about 1 inch from sides.
Using the bottom sheet of wax paper begin to roll the dough toward the other end.  When you have the dough turned over once you can begin to tuck in the sides to cover the ends.  Continue rolling all the way tucking in sides as you go.
Roll dough in the wax paper to keep from drying out and place on a cookie sheet.
Continue with remaining sheets of dough and refrigerate for 1 hour.
At this point heat the oven to 350 to preheat long and well.  You want it to recover quickly once you open the door to place the cookies inside to bake.  This prevents the dough from sagging while the oven temp rises if not hot enough.  This step helps the cookies keep their shape.
When ready, remove wax paper and place 2 logs per cookie sheet.  Brush tops with the beaten egg and add sprinkles .
Bake cookies for about 25 minutes or until golden and dough feels "set".  Cool on the sheets completely before slicing.
Slice cookies on the diagonal.  Store in an airtight container.

Submitter: 
What's for dinner, mom?
Description: 
A traditional Christmas cookie rich with dried fruits, chocolate and a splash of Amaretto.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
60
Nutritional Facts:
NA
