URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63899655/double-whammy-lemon-cake/
Title:
Double Whammy Lemon Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Zest from 2 small lemons (approx. 2 t)
1 box white cake mix (do not use one with pudding in the mix)
1 box vanilla instant pudding mix (the size that makes 4 - 1/2 cups)
1/2 c vegetable oil
1 c sour cream
1/3 c vodka
4 large eggs
6 oz. package white chocolate chips

Directions:
Spray a Bundt pan with Pam or another nonstick cooking spray
Zest your lemons. They should yield approx. 2 teaspoons or zest. Measure out 1/2 t of zest and save it for the frosting. The remainder will go in your cake batter.
Place the dry white cake mix and the dry vanilla pudding mix in the bowl of an electric mixer.  Beat them together on low speed until they are combined.
Add the vegetable oil, flour cream, vodka, and lemon zest.  Beat on low speed until thoroughly mixed.
Mix in the eggs, one at a time on MEDIUM speed, beating after each addition. When you are through, this batter should be nice and fluffy. If it is not , turn the mixer up to HIGH and beat for 2 additional minutes.
Take the bowl our of the mixer, chop the white chocolate chips into smaller pieces so they will not all sink to the bottom of the cake and mix them in by hand. Do not over stir, you want to keep as much air as possible in the batter.
Spoon the batter into the prepared Bundt pan. smooth the top with a rubber spatula.
Bake the cake at 350 degrees F., for 50 minutes until a cake tester or a think wooden skewer inserted in the center of the ring comes out clean.
Cool the Double Whammy Lemon Cake for 20 minutes on a cold burner or a wire rack.
After 20 minutes, loosen the edges of the cake with a knife. Do not forget to run the knife around the tube in the center of the Bundt pan to loosen that, too.
Invert a large plate on top of the Bundt pan, flip it over and unmold the cake.  Let it cool completely on the plate before frosting it with Double Whammy Lemon Frosting. If you do not want to use alcohol in this cake, simply substitute 1/3 c light cream for the vodka and call it Lemon Cream Cake.

Submitter: 
LLSLK
Description: 
Cake I want to try
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
?
Ready in:
1 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
