URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63890936/mamas-old-fashioned-albondigas-meatball-soup/
Title:
Mama's Old-Fashioned Albondigas (meatball soup) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1108545.jpg
Ingredients:
Stock:
1 gallon of water (16 cups)
3 cups tomato sauce
1 medium onion (yellow), quartered
3 garlic cloves, minced
4 tablespoons Knorr chicken bouillon
1 tablespoon dried ground oregano
5 large carrots, sliced diagonally
5 celery stocks, chopped
10 mini gold potatoes, whole
2 zucchinis chopped (yellow or green)
2 cups thickly shredded green cabbage
lemon wedges (optional)
chopped fresh cilantro for garnish (optional)
chopped avocado for garnish (optional)
Meatballs:
3 pounds lean ground beef (90/10 preferably)
1/4 cup white rice, uncooked
1/2 cup tomato sauce
3 eggs
1/2 teaspoon onion powder
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/4 teaspoon cumin
1 tablespoon season-all
1 tablespoon dried ground oregano leaves
1/4 cup fresh chopped cilantro

Directions:
Fill a large stockpot with one gallon of water (to avoid soup overflow, the water should only fill half your stockpot). Place on stove top on high heat. Add tomato sauce, onion, minced garlic, chicken bouillon and oregano. Stir well, cover, and bring to a slow boil. This will continue to boil up until you make your meatballs.
While your stock is slowly boiling, prepare  your carrots, celery, potatoes, zucchini and cabbage and set-aside.
In a large mixing bowl, mix all meatball ingredients from the lean ground beef down to the cilantro, preferably by hand. Tip: Be sure to thoroughly mix the ground beef mixture by squeezing all ingredients with your hands. This achieves a very tender meatball.
Uncover the stockpot and keep at a slow boil.
Using a 1/4 cup measuring cup, measure out your meatballs forming them into a ball by hand, dropping them one by one into the stock carefully as you go.
Once you have all your meatballs in the stock, immediately add the carrots, celery and potatoes to the stock. Give it a soft stir, cover and simmer for 30 minutes.
After 30 minutes add your remaining vegetables (zucchini and cabbage) and simmer for a final 10 minutes, covered.
Serve with a fresh squeeze of lemon juice and garnish with cilantro and avocado.

Submitter: 
SpiceUpYourLife
Description: 
This is my number one soup recipe, perfect for a cold rainy day, handed down to me by my mother. I hope you all enjoy it as much as my family has.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
1 h, 20 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
