URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63896335/spicy-and-tasteful-cabbage-rolls/
Title:
Spicy and tasteful cabbage rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1081276.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup cooked rice
1 cabbage
1 can 5,5 oz of tomato paste
2 tbsp chopped fresh parsley
1 pound ground beef
1 tbsp brown sugar
2 tsp sage
2 tsp salt
2 tsp basil
1/4 tsp marjoram
1 tsp onion powder
1 tsp black pepper
1/2 tsp red pepper flakes
1 big onion , chopped
2 cups water
tabasco to taste
1 tsp italian seasoning
2 tbsp hot sauce ( optional )

Directions:
Start by mixing the ground beef with the brown sugar, sage, marjoram, salt, black pepper, onion powder, basil, red pepper flakes and chopped onions. Cover and refregirate for at least an hour.
Carefully detached some leaves off the cabbage. Boil water in a large pot, add some leaves and cover. Let them inside until they become soft and easy to fold. Remove and put them on a cloth to absorb the excess of water.
In a bowl combined a can of tomato paste along with 2 cups water. Stir well. Add the italian seasoning, chopped fresh parsley and couple drops of tabasco, add more drops for a more intense spicy flavor. If you like you can also add 2 tbsp of hot sauce. If you find the sauce to thick add more water, on the other hand if it's too watery add less water.
Cook the ground beef mixture in a pan until the beef is no longer pink and the onions are soft. Once done add the rice to the meat mixture and mix well. You can add 1/2 cup or 1 cup of rice.
Take each leaves and fill them with about 3 tbsp of meat rice mixture and fold. Deposit in a oven safe dish.
Pour the tomato sauce mixture on top and cover with aluminium foil.
Bake at 350 degrees for 1 hour

Submitter: 
XxlilaxX
Description: 
Those are not your ordinary cabbage rolls, they got lots of flavors and are amazing.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
