URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63906838/roasted-poblano-jalapeno-chicken-and-rice-soup/
Title:
Roasted Poblano  & Jalapeno Chicken and rice soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1085186.jpg
Ingredients:
2 chicken breast halves, seasoned on both sides with granulated garlic and onion powder, cumin, smoked paprika, Mexican oregano, or marjoram and salt and pepper.
4 cups of water
3 large poblano peppers seeded and cut in half
2 large jalapeno peppers seeded and cut in half\
a drizzle of olive oil for peppers
2 cups of chicken broth and reserve 4 cups of broth from cooker.
1 cup of water
1 cup of rice
1 cup of chopped celery
1 large onion chopped
4 cloves of minced garlic
2 - 10 ounce cans of green chilies chopped and reserve liquid
1 10 ounce can of diced tomatoes with green chilies
1 - 15 ounce can of red kidney beans or bean of your choice.
1/2 t. each of onion powder, garlic powder, cumin, paprika, chili powder, marjoram, salt and pepper. Add more if needed for flavor as you taste the broth.

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425°.
Place Poblano and jalapeno pepper halves skin side up on a baking sheet and drizzle olive oil over the peppers.
Bake in middle of oven for 20-25 minutes until skin is charring brown/black and bubbling. Remove pan and set aside to cool and then cut into bite sized pieces for the poblano and mince the jalapenos.
While peppers are cooking, pour a half tablespoon of oil in the bottom of small pressure cooker and heat on medium heat for about one minute.
Lightly brown seasoned chicken breast on each side moving around as so they don't stick, cover breast with 4 cups of water, or if using a large cooker, enough to completely cover the chicken with water.
Cover and turn heat to medium high.
Once regulator starts rocking, cook for 14 minutes and then remove from heat and cool pan by running cool water over until pressure is released.
Set chicken breast aside and reserve the broth in cooker, once chicken is cool enough cut into bite sized pieces.
In large stock pot melt on tablespoon of butter over medium heat, add in onions and cook until starting to soften about 2 minutes, then add in celery and minced garlic and cook another 3 minutes or until celery starts to soften.
Add in diced green chilies, diced tomatoes, reserved chicken broth, 2 cups of extra broth and water, poblanos and jalapenos, spices, chicken chunks, can of drained beans, and rice.
Bring to boil on medium high, then reduce to simmer and cook for 25 minutes until rice is cooked. Serve with cheese and sour cream.

Submitter: 
*Sherri*
Description: 
Roasted poblano and jalapeno pepper soup with chicken, rice and red beans. Top with your favorite cheese and sour cream or keep it healthy, either way it is delicious.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
