URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63900236/roasted-chicken-broth-in-bulk/
Title:
Roasted Chicken Broth in Bulk Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1082153.jpg
Ingredients:
•	Chicken backs and necks (preferably from pasture fed chickens) w/ some meat on them and leftover carcasses from baked chickens (7-8 lbs. - cut into pieces to expose marrow)
•	8 stalks celery cut into 1/4’s including leaves
•	2 large onions cut into 2 inch segments
•	6-8 medium-large carrots cut into 2 inch pieces
•	4 tablespoons fresh chopped parsley or dried parsley
•	6-8 large bay leaves
•	4 tablespoons dried thyme
•	20 black peppercorns
•	6 large garlic cloves lightly smashed
•	3 tablespoons sea salt, or to taste
•	1/2 cup cider vinegar
•	Cold water to fill the pot within 2 inches of the top

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Arrange uncooked bone pieces, celery, onions, and carrots on a large cookie sheet and bake for 1 hour.  Turn half way through. Make sure everything is browned and not burned.
Add all bones, including leftovers, vegetables and vinegar to a large stock pot, and add cold water to within 1-2 inched from the top of the stock pot.
Pour off the grease from the roasting pan and scrape the drippings into the stock pot.
Heat stock at high heat, until it just begins to bubble. Then reduce to a low simmer–but NEVER BOIL as this extracts bitter proteins and clouds the finished stock.
Low boil at around 200 f. (just short of making boiling bubbles) for 24 hours. Don’t cover as this will sour the stock. For the first couple of hours, about every half hour, use a fine mesh skimmer to remove any scum that forms at the top of the liquid. That scum can make the stock bitter. (If you use pasture fed, there will be very little scum.)
After most of the scum has been removed, add the parsley, bay leaves, peppercorns, garlic, salt, and thyme. Adding spices before this they will float with the scum and be removed. Gently push the spices into the water to moisten them, but do not stir.
After 24 hours, let the stock cool until it’s cool enough to handle and strain. Remove the bones and vegetables with tongs or slotted spoon, and then strain the broth through a fine wire mesh strainer into another big pot. Strain again after lining the strainer with multiple layers of cheese cloth.
Chill the broth in the refrigerator overnight so that the fats rise to the top and harden. A very thin layer can be removed with a hand strainer, and a heavy layer can be removed by cutting into quadrants with a knife and gently lifting it off of the broth. If you like, reduce the stock to up to half to be frozen for storage.

Submitter: 
judy2304
Description: 
When I make broth, I make a large quantity to have it available for a number of soups that I use it for, and also freeze some into cubes. This recipe will make about 16 quarts of a rich broth that can be reduced and frozen for later use. It requires a 20-22 quart stock pot to make it.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
25 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
64
Nutritional Facts:
NA
