URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63905161/slow-cooker-beer-pork/
Title:
Slow cooker Beer pork Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1-2 Tbs. oil
pork roast (4-7 lbs), preferably shoulder or Boston butt
12 ounces beer
1 Tbs. soy sauce
2 tsp. liquid smoke
2 shallots, minced
3 cloves garlic, minced
1/2 yellow onion, chopped
1 tsp. kosher salt
1 tsp. black pepper
1/2 tsp. cumin
2 cups BBQ sauce + more for serving
sandwich buns of your choice
lettuce or spinach
thinly sliced red onions
dill pickles
For the BBQ Sauce
2 tablespoons cider vinegar
1/2 teaspoon mustard powder
1 cup ketchup
1/4 cup packed brown sugar
2 garlic cloves, smashed
1/2  teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon pepper
1/4 cup Worcestershire sauce

Directions:
Trim the excess fat from the pork roast. Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Sear the roast on one side for 2-3 minutes, and then on the other side for an additional 2 minutes.
Place the roast in the crock of a slow cooker. Pour in the beer, soy sauce, liquid smoke, shallots, garlic, onion, salt, pepper, cumin and stir.
Cover and cook on low for 8 hours or on high for 6 hours.
Time to make the BBQ sauce. Combine cider vinegar, mustard powder, ketchup, brown sugar, smashed garlic, salt, pepper, and Worcestershire sauce in a saucepan over medium heat.Bring to a simmer, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat. You might have to adjust the amount of each ingredient based on personal preference.
Remove the roast from the slow cooker and place on a rimmed baking sheet. Discard the fatty pieces and the bone and then, using two forks, shred the meat. Ladle 2-3 ladles of the juice on the meat to keep it moist.
Combine the pulled pork with 1 cup of the homemade BBQ sauce and stir to distribute. Add more (about 1 cup) until all of the meat is covered in sauce.
Serve with sandwich buns, pickles, onions, greens, and extra BBQ sauce (because we all know thats the best part- especially homemade)

Submitter: 
Nattygirl
Description: 
Cool
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
