URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63902584/cardamom-cuties/
Title:
Cardamom Cuties Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 C salted butter
2 1/2 C brown sugar (pack it down in the cup when you measure it)
2 large eggs
1 1/2 t baking soda
1/2 t salt
2 t cardamom
3 1/2 C all purpose flour (pack it down in the cup when you measure it)
1/2 C shredded coconut
1/2 C white chocolate chips
Little extra brown sugar (about 1/2 C) for rolling dough balls before baking.

Directions:
DO NOT preheat the oven yet--this cookie dough must chill before baking.
Place the softened butter(room temperature)in a mixer bowl and beat it until it is smooth.
Add the dark brown sugar and beat it until it's nice and fluffy.  Mix in the eggs. Beat after each egg and be sure they are thoroughly mixed in.
With the mixer running on low speed, add the baking soda, salt and cardamom.  Keep beating until you are sure they are evenly distributed. Add the flour in 1/2 C increments, beating after each addition.
Chop the coconut and white chocolate chips into small pieces with a food processor or a sharp knife.
Take the cookie dough our of the mixer and stir the small pieces of coconut and chips into the dough by hand. Cover your mixing bowl with a sheet of plastic wrap and press it down over the top of your dough, tucking it in on the sides so that no air gets in.
Refrigerate the Cookie mix for two hours (overnight is fine), so that it is thoroughly chilled.  When you are ready to bake, preheat oven to 350 degrees F., use rack in middle position. Line cookie sheets with parchment paper or spray with Pam. Put some brown sugar (1/2 C), into a small bowl. Roll the dough into 1" balls.  Roll the ball in the brown sugar, cover it completely. Put the cookies 2" apart on cookie sheet. You should get 12 balls on each sheet.  Flatten each ball with the bottom of a glass. Bake at 350 degrees F., for 8-12 minutes or until the bottom of the cookies are golden brown. Cool on baking sheet for 1-2 minutes and then put on wire rack to cool completely. Store in an airtight container.  They will be fine for at least a week. They freeze nicely, stack them like coins in a wrapper, roll them in foil, and place in freezer bag.

Submitter: 
LLSLK
Description: 
Good Cookies!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
15 m
Number of servings: 
36
Nutritional Facts:
NA
