URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63900972/jerk-chicken-pot/
Title:
Jerk Chicken Pot Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1082313.jpg
Ingredients:
1 big onion chopped
1-2 tsp of crushed red pepper flakes
1 can drained chickpeas
4 cups cooked white rice
3 big potatoes cut in 4 pieces or if small cut in half
2 tbsp Oil
4 crushed garlic cloves
3 to 5 tsp Jerk seasoning ( ground ) spice
1 tsp salt
2-3 chicken breast bonless skinless cut in small pieces
4 cups of water
1 tbsp of cornstarch ( optional; if needed )

Directions:
Put the oil in a 5qt pot and add 1 tsp of crushed red pepper flakes ( add 2 if you like very spicy dish) ,1 tsp salt and 2 tsp of jerk seasoning ( if you like extra hot, spicy flavor add 2 tsp more) Let the spices cook in the oil while stirring for about 2 minutes. But dont let them burn. Then add the chopped onions, garlic and the chicken.
Cover and cook the chicken until juices runs out clear and meat is no longer pink; stirring from time to time. Once done, Add another 1 tsp of jerk seasoning, the chickpeas and all the potatoes and mix well. At this point the pot should look very dry.
Add the 4 cups water, cover and bring to a boil. Once boiling, turn heat down to a shimmer. You can and I suggest putting the lid half way during the entire cooking time as it may get too watery.
Let this cook until the potatoes are ready,stirring from time to time. If the pot looks too watery at mid cooking, add 1 tbsp of cornstarch in 1 tbsp of cold water; mix well and add it to the pot . It is supposed to have thicken while cooking. You can also remove the lid 15 minutes before the end of cooking if you don't have starch on hand. By the end it should have the consistency of a stew; not too thick not watery and have that "gravy" texture.
Serve on top of white rice.

Submitter: 
XxlilaxX
Description: 
Note that this isn't a grilled/bake jerk chicken recipe . This is a complete meal that includes chicken, rice, chickpeas, onions, potatoes and spices. It is quite spicy and full of flavors. So DELICIOUS!! Serve this dish with pita bread or regular bread.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1h 30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
