URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63907384/low-carb-chicken-lettuce-wraps/
Title:
Low Carb Chicken Lettuce Wraps Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound ground chicken or ground turkey- I use minced chicken breast instead (see note)
8 scallions, white and green part chopped
1 (8oz) can water chestnuts, drained, rinsed and chopped fine
1 red bell pepper, chopped fine
¼ cup reduced-sodium soy sauce
2½ tablespoons hoisin sauce, see shopping tips
1 tablespoon ginger (from a jar) or fresh grated ginger
1 tablespoon water
2 teaspoons sesame oil
1 large head butter lettuce, wash, dried and leaves separated
Ingredients for Dipping Sauce:
¼ cup reduced-sodium soy sauce
2 tablespoons seasoned rice vinegar
1 tablespoon sugar
½ tablespoon ginger (from a jar) or fresh minced ginger
1 teaspoon sesame oil
½ teaspoon garlic (from a jar) or fresh minced garlic

Directions:
1. In a large pan, brown the ground chicken over medium-high heat, breaking up the pieces.  Pour into a colander, in the sink and drain fat.  Return chicken to pan.  When cool enough to handle, break up the chicken pieces until minced.
2. Add the scallions, water chestnuts, red pepper, soy sauce, hoisin sauce, ginger, water and sesame oil.  Cook for a few minutes until the scallions and red pepper are soft.  Keep warm.
3. In a small bowl, add all the dipping sauce ingredients and mix well.
4. To assemble each chicken wrap: Spoon about ? cup of chicken filling onto one lettuce leaf and roll it up, if desired. Serve with dipping sauce on the side.  This sauce is quite strong.  You’ll only need 1 teaspoon of sauce per wrap.  You can also set up the components on individual plates and serve family style.  Let everyone make their own wrap.

Submitter: 
Christine Denstaedt
Description: 
Here’s an easy low carb Asian restaurant favorite to make. You’ll love the crunch of the lettuce, the slightly saltiness of the soy sauce and the ever so sweet richness of the Hoisin sauce and ginger, in these tasty wraps.  This dish is great as a appetizer or light main course lunch or dinner.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
