URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63902559/butterama-cake/
Title:
Butterama Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 C softened butter
2 C white sugar
4 eggs
1 t salt
1 t baking powder
1/2 t soda
2 t vanilla extract
3 C all purpose flout (pack it down in the cup when you measure it)
1 C buttermilk
Butter Sauce
1 C white sugar
1/4 C water
1/2 C butter
1 T vanilla
Brown Butter Icing
1/4 C butter
2 C powdered sugar
1 t vanilla
2 T heavy cream (that's whipping cream, but you could also use half and half which is light cream)
1/2 C chopped pecans or walnuts (optional - to sprinkle over the top of the cake after you frost)

Directions:
Cake Directions
Get out a 9" x 13" cake pan (metal or glass, either will do) and either spray it with Pam. Preheat oven 325 degrees F.
To make the cake batter:
Beat the butter for a minute or two.
Sprinkle in the white sugar, beating as you sprinkle. Mix the butter and the sugar together until they turn into a light, fluffy mixture.
Add the eggs, one at a time, beating after each addition.
Add the salt, baking powder, baking soda, and the vanilla.  Mix them in thoroughly.
Add 1 cup of the flour and beat it in.
Mix in half (1/2 C) of the buttermilk.  Mix it in thoroughly.
Add the second cup of flour and mix well.
Mix in the rest of the buttermilk (1/2 C).
Add the remaining cup of flour and beat until the batter is smooth and without lumps.
Pour the cake batter into the 9" x 13" cake pan you prepared.  Smooth out the top with a rubber spatula so that it's evenly distributed in the pan. Bake the cake in a preheated oven 325 degrees F., oven for 50 minutes. Then take it out of the oven and set it on a wire rack to wait for its butter sauce.
Butter Sauce
To make the butter sauce:  Put the cup of sugar, the 1/4 C of water, and the 1/2 C of butter in a medium size saucepan. Heat the three ingredients on medium heat until the butter is melted, but DO NOT let the mixture come to a boil. Put the mixture on a cold burner, and add the vanilla extract. Use a fork, ice pick, or a thin wooden skewer to poke the holes all over the top of your cake. Don't be too gentle. You want the holes to go all the way down to the bottom of the cake pan. Pour the warm butter sauce over the top of the cake evenly as you can. Use the same saucepan to make the frosting.  Let the cake sit out on the wire rack at least 10 minutes so that the butter sauce can soak in.

Submitter: 
LLSLK
Description: 
Butter Cake
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
