URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63902105/latvian-pirogs/
Title:
Latvian Pirogs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1082648.jpg
Ingredients:
Dough Mixture (You can use other recipes this is what I use)
Recipe makes 2 pounds of sweet dough
2 cups all-purpose flour, divided
2 (.25 ounce) packages active dry yeast
1/2 cup white sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1/2 cup margarine, softened
1 1/2 cups warm water (110 degrees F)
2 eggs (room temperature)
1 cup all-purpose flour
2 cups all-purpose flour
Pirog Preperation
4 Eggs
1lb of precooked ham OR Bacon
2 medium onions diced
4 tbs of olive oil for saute
salt and pepper to taste
cooking spray for pans

Directions:
Dough Preparation:
1.   In a large mixing bowl, combine 2 cups flour, yeast, sugar and salt; stir well. Cut in margarine with a fork until mixture resembles coarse cornmeal. Add warm water to flour mixture. Beat with an electric mixer at medium speed for 2 minutes. Add eggs and 1 more cup of flour; beat until thick. Stir in the remaining flour 1/2 cup at a time until the dough comes together. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic, about 8 minutes. Cover dough with a damp towel and let rest for 20 minutes. Let rise and double in size.
2. Punch down dough before shaping for pirogs.
Assembling the Pirogs:
1. Dice onions and saute in pan. Saute until onions are softened. Mix in bacon (already cooked) or ham or both ham and bacon into sauteed onions. Once heated about 2-3 minutes turn off head and set aside to cool. Let mixture cool enough to handle with hands.
2. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
3. Whisk eggs together for egg wash. Set aside.
4. Roll out portions of dough that are easy enough to work with based on your counter top. Roll out to thin enough as pizza dough.
5. Use a small spoon to take portions of onion and ham mixture onto sections of dough. Take the egg wash and use brush around onion/ham mixture. Roll over dough to seal in onion/ham mixture. Use a dough roller or knife to cut out individual dough sections. Seal up onion/ham mixture with dough. Fold over sections so corners are tucked under and set into pan. (I suggest using cooking spray on pans to make sure they don't stick)
6. Coat each pirog in pan with egg wash on top.
7. In batches cook pirogs in preheated oven for 5 minutes. Removed and coat again with egg wash. Cook for another 20 minutes.
8. Cook to a golden brown

Submitter: 
Nick Gibietis
Description: 
This is a great traditional recipe that I have loved my whole life. My grandma and mom have made this with their own twist!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
2 h total
Number of servings: 
36
Nutritional Facts:
NA
