URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63903728/susans-pot-roast/
Title:
Susan's Pot Roast Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 lb. Sirloin tip roast
8 oz. Spicy V8 juice
1 large onion, coarsely chopped
4 - 6 large to medium sized potatoes, peeled and cut into chunks
4 - 6 carrots, peeled and cut into chunks
2 stalks celery
1 large sweet potato or butternut squash (optional)
3 clove garlic, crushed
1 tbsp. Worcestershire sauce
1/2 c. Balsamic vinegar
1 cup red wine
onion powder
garlic powder
dill weed
Herbes De Provence
dash cayenne or hot sauce by taste (optional)
1/4 - 1/2 c. low sodium beef broth (may also use chicken broth)

Directions:
Rinse the roast in water well and pat dry.
Sprinkle garlic and onion powder, salt, pepper, Herbes De Provence and dill on the roast.
Add a little olive oil to a Dutch oven or a pan large enough to hold the roast.
Sear both sides.
Remove from heat.
Preheat the oven to 350°F
If not already in a Dutch oven, put everything in a Dutch oven.  Deglaze the pan with 1 cup red wine.   Add 1 chopped onion, celery, carrots and 3 cloves crushed garlic.  Pour the wine over the roast and add the Worcestershire sauce, Balsamic vinegar, beef broth and V8 juice.
Cover the roast and allow to cook for around 4 hours.  Thirty minutes or so before the roast is completely done add the potatoes.  Cover and allow to cook for approximately 30 minutes more. If the
roast gets too dry, add more beef broth or water.

Submitter: 
Susan
Description: 
I had originally termed this The Best Pot Roast Ever when I came up with this recipe because it was so good.  Its possibly the best recipe I've come up with as of yet.  Although I realize that title may be a little proud and lofty its still really good. My family loves it and I usually don't have many leftovers when I make this. 

This tender pot roast slow cooks in a tomato based broth with vegetables.  Feel free to customize and adjust as necessary.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
