URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63919583/roasted-cauliflower-soup-no-cheese/
Title:
Roasted Cauliflower Soup (no cheese) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1087060.jpg
Ingredients:
1 large head of cauliflower
olive oil
2 tsp Garam Masala
6 slices Thin Bacon, Cut Into 1/2-inch slices
1 whole medium onion, Diced
3 whole carrots, scrubbed clean and diced
3 large stalks celery, diced
3 whole Small Russet potatoes, Peeled And Diced
8 cups Low Sodium Chicken Or Vegetable Broth
3 Tablespoons 100 whole wheat flour
1 cup Heavy Cream, divided
Salt to taste
Black Pepper To Taste
1 teaspoon Minced Fresh Parsley *optional
1 cup Grated Cheese Of Your Choice *optional

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Cut up cauliflower into bite size pieces. Lay out onto baking sheet covered in foil (to keep clean up easy) and drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with Garam Masala. Roast 25-30 minutes or until tops become golden.
Add bacon pieces to a soup pot over medium heat and cook bacon until crisp and fat is rendered. Remove the bacon from the pot and set it aside. Pour off most of the grease, but do not clean the pot.
Return the pot the stove on medium-high heat and add the onions and celery. Stir and cook for 2 minutes or so, then add the diced potatoes & carrots. Cook for 5 minutes, seasoning with salt and pepper
Pour in the broth and bring it to a gentle boil. Cook for 10 minutes, or until the potatoes & carrots are starting to get tender. Whisk together the flour 1/2 cup cream & water, then pour into the soup and allow the soup to cook for another 5 minutes. Stir in the roasted cauliflower.
Remove half to 2/3 of the soup and blend in a blender/food processor until completely smooth. Pour it back into the soup pot and stir to combine. Let it heat back up as you taste for seasonings, adding more of what it needs. Stir in remaining 1/2 cup cream, parsley, and bacon, reserving a little of each for garnish.

Submitter: 
Apron Appeal
Description: 
Pioneer woman's perfect potato soup meets Milo and me's Roasted cauliflower soup. The garam masala and roasted cauliflower take this recipe to a whole new level of savory.

Perfection in a bowl I tell you. PERFECTION.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 mintues
Ready in:
1.5 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
