URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63911593/wares-warrior-chili/
Title:
Ware's Warrior Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Stage One
2 Cups Warm Water
1 Tbl Brown Sugar
1 8oz can Beef Consommé
2 ts Oregano
2 Tbl Paprika
2 Tbl Cumin
1 Tbl Celery Salt
5 Tbl Gebhart Brand Chili Powder
2 Tbl Ancho Chili Powder
1 ts cayenne pepper
2 Tbl Mole (paste)
Stage Two
1 Tbl Vegetable Oil
2 lbs Beef Chuck Roast (cut in 3/8in cubes)
2 lbs Ground Beef (not too lean)
2 lbs Jimmy Dean Sausage (regular)
Stage Three
1 Tbl Vegetable Oil
3 cups Onion (Finely Minced)
4 Tbl Fresh Garlic (Finely Minced)
1 Cup Chopped Green Chilies
20 oz Tomato Sauce
1 bottle Killian’s Irish Red Beer
Stage Four
2 Cans 	Ro-Tel Diced Tomatoes w/green chili
½ Bottle	Killian’s Irish Red Beer
1 Tbl		Louisiana Hot Sauce
1 Tbl		Tabasco Sauce

Directions:
Stage One:  In a large sauce pan dissolve all ingredients together over medium/high heat.  When this is dissolved keep at a light boil.
Stage Two:  In a large skillet brown cubed chuck roast in vegetable oil add to pot.  Brown ground beef, drain fat and add to pot.  Brown sausage, drain fat and add to pot. Make sure to break up the sausage and beef well.
Stage Three:  Sauté Onion and Garlic until soft in vegetable oil, add to pot. Add green chilies, tomato sauce and beer to pot.  Bring to a boil.  Let simmer over medium/low heat uncovered for 3 ½ to 4 hours stirring every 15 minutes.  After this point chili may be cooled and placed in refrigerator overnight and reheated the next day prior to starting stage four.
Stage Four:  Add ro-tel and beer to chili.  Use at least 1 T each of Louisiana and Tabasco.  For hotter chili add more of your favorite hot sauce!  Simmer for one hour, then let stand ½ hour prior to serving.

Submitter: 
rev'd up chef
Description: 
This is great Texas Chili.  I've entered it in numerous chili cook-off's and have always placed well.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
6 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
