URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63913931/hersheys-perfectly-chocolate-cake/
Title:
HERSHEY'S PERFECTLY CHOCOLATE CAKE Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
cake
2 cups sugar
1- 3/4 cups flour
3/4 cup cocoa
1- 1/2 tsp baking powder
1- 1/2 tsp baking soda
1 tsp salt
2 eggs
1 cup milk (i used rice milk, but this increased the baking time by about 10 minutes- i think because it is so much thinner than cow's milk...)
1/2 cup oil
2 tsp vanilla
1 cup boiling water
icing
1 stick margarine
2/3 cup cocoa
3 cups powdered sugar
1/3 cup milk (again, i used rice milk. it was totally fine, and i think you could use any milk substitute here- almond milk, coconut milk, etc...)
1 tsp vanilla (i think i used a bit more; i tend to be a bit heavy-handed with vanilla...)

Directions:
cake
preheat oven to 350 degrees. grease and flour two 9" round pans (i just used non-stick spray and it was fine, but if you want a neat trick, use cocoa to flour your pans instead of flour and that way your cakes won't have white powder on them when you turn them out of the pan after you bake them. yes, i am just that cool of a baker ;) ). beat the wet stuff - except the water- together for 2 minutes and then slowly add the boiling water until it is totally incorporated. add the dry stuff and mix it well. the batter will be quite thin. bake 30-35 minutes or until the cake tests done. cool cakes before frosting them- put them on a wire rack or similar if you have; that way the air can circulate around the cake and it will cool more evenly.
icing
you are supposed to melt the margarine and stir in the cocoa. then alternately add in sugar and milk, beating to a spreading consistency, adding additional milk if needed and adding vanilla. here's what i did: i threw it all into the mixing bowl and beat it really well until it was smooth and silky. oops. but it was fine and sooooooooooooooo delicious! it was on the thick side for spreading, and if you are not a confident cake person, you could for sure thin it out a bit with more milk to make it easier to spread without losing any flavor.
i actually doubled the frosting recipe because i wanted to make sure i had enough (and who cares if you have extra chocolate frosting around, right?)- and i did end up with some extra, but i felt like i didn't have to be cheap with it on the cake. i put some between the cakes and then frosted the whole shebang. wow. it was like the best chocolate layer cake E-V-E-R.
i can't say enough good

Submitter: 
Brook Wesle
Description: 
cake
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
