URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63928758/apple-pecan-salad-with-apple-vinaigrette/
Title:
Apple Pecan Salad with Apple Vinaigrette Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1089337.jpg
Ingredients:
Apple Vinaigrette
1 Gala apple peeled, cored and halved
1/4 cup apple cider vinegar
1 Tbsp dijon mustard
1 Tbsp honey
1 garlic clove
1/4 tsp ground cinnamon
Pinch of ground cardamom
Pinch of salt
juice from one lime
1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil
Apple Pecan Salad
1 Bag European Salad Blend
2 green apples, cored and diced
1/2 cup diced scallions
1 cup pecan halves, toasted
1/4 cup crumbled gorgonzola cheese

Directions:
Apple Vinaigrette
Combine all ingredients except oil in a food processor and process on low until liquified.  With the machine running, slowly pour olive oil through the feed tube in a steady stream until the dressing is emulsified.  If you don't have that type of food processor, add oil one Tbsp at a time and pulse in between.  Pour in a salad dressing container and refrigerate for at least 15 minutes.
Apple Pecan Salad
Make dressing (see above) and refrigerate for at least 15 minutes to combine flavors.
While dressing is marinating, preheat oven (toaster oven if you have it) to 350 degrees.  Spread pecans in a single layer on a foil lined baking sheet.  Toast pecans for 4 minutes, shake the pan, and toast for another 3-4 minutes until fragrant.
Core and dice apples, throw in the salad bowl.  Chop lettuce into small pieces.  Dice scallions.  Toss in the salad bowl.  Allow pecans to cool and add.  Sprinkle on the cheese.  Mmmm cheese.
Spoon salad into bowls and add dressing.  If there is salad leftover, cover with clear plastic wrap and refrigerate.

Submitter: 
Zest to Impress
Description: 
This dressing is fantastic.  You could use it as a pork marinade for dinner the next night if there's some leftover.  I love the freshness and layers of flavor.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
