URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63924670/greek-american-gyros-tzatziki-sauce/
Title:
Greek-American Gyros & Tzatziki Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1088208.jpg
Ingredients:
MEAT
1 lb ground lamb
1 lb ground beef
3 tsp kosher salt
1 tsp ground black pepper
1 tsp dried oregano
1 tsp dried cumin
1/8 tsp cloves
1/8 tsp nutmeg
3/4 tsp garam masala
1 onion cut into 1-inch chunks
4 cloves garlic, minced
--
TZATZIKI SAUCE
16 oz Plain Greek yogurt
1 cucumber, peeled, cut into chunks
4 cloves garlic
3 tbsp fresh dill
1 pinch cayenne pepper
2 tbsp lemon juice
1/4 tsp kosher salt
1/8 tsp ground black pepper
--
TO SERVE
8 pieces soft hand-pulled-style pita (not pocket pita)
Olive oil cooking spray
Tomato, sliced 1/8"
Onion, finely sliced
Feta cheese

Directions:
Prepare meat 8 to 24 hours ahead. Combine all ingredients until well-mixed. Cover and refrigerate at least 8 hours, or overnight.
Prepare Tzatziki sauce at least 8 hours ahead to allow flavours to mingle. Place yogurt in fine strainer to remove extra liquid. Puree cucumber in food processor. Scrape on to double-thickness of paper towels and squeeze out as much liquid as possible. Mince garlic in food processor. Combine strained yogurt, squeezed cucumber, minced garlic and remaining ingredients in medium bowl. Mix well and return to yogurt container. Cover & refrigerate until ready to use.
After 8 or more hours in refrigerator, place meat mixture into food processor. Process until finely minced. Pack by hand into a tight roll, pushing out as much air as possible. Insert spit handle through center of meat and place into rotisserie basket. Cook 60 minutes and check internal temperature with a meat thermometer. Should reach 155 degrees F. Cover in foil and let rest 15 minutes. Refrigerate up to a week or serve immediately.
Lightly spray large iron skillet with olive oil, and heat. Thinly slice meat and brown in pan until slightly crisp. Lightly spray medium iron skillet with olive oil, and heat. Warm bread on each side about 1 minute per side, until soft and pliant.
Spread sauce generously over each piece of bread. Divide meat evenly between sandwiches. Top as desired with tomato, onion and feta, and additional sauce. Serve.

Submitter: 
Julie Holden
Description: 
Authentic-tasting gyros made with a nod the Greeks who invented this (lamb) and North Americans who embraced it (beef).
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
