URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63929874/pucker-up-lemon-cake/
Title:
Pucker Up Lemon Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 large lemon (choose one with perfect skin---you'll be using that, too!)
1 C golden raisins
1/3 C pecans
2 C all purpose flour (do not pack it down.  Just scoop it out and level it off with knife)
1 t salt
1 t baking soda
1 1/2 C white sugar
1/2 C softened butter
1 t lemon extract (use vanilla if you do not have lemon)
3/4 C whole milk
2 large eggs
1/4 C whole milk (this brings the milk total up to one cup)

Directions:
Grease and flour  a 9 x 13" cake pan or you can use Pam with flour as an alternative.
Wash the outside of your lemon.  Then juice it and save the juice. (you will use it in the cake topping)  Pick out the seeds and throw them away, cut the pulp and the rind into 8  pieces.
If you have a food grinder, grind the lemon pulp and rind with the raisins and the pecans.
If you dont have a grinder simply put the lemon pulp and rind into the bowl of your food processor and add the raisins and the pecans.  Process them with an on and off motion until they are chopped as finely as they would be if you had used a food grinder.
Set the ground lemon, raisin, and pecan mix aside in a bowl.
Measure 1 cup of flout and put in in the bowl of your mixer.  Add the salt, baking soda, and white sugar.  Mix together on LOW speed.  Add the second cup of flour and mix that in at low speed.  Add the softened butter, lemon extract, and the 3/4 cup of milk. Beat at low speed until the flour is well moistened.  Then turn the mixer up to MEDIUM HIGH speed.  Beat for 2 minutes, turn off and scrape the bowl.  Turn the mixer on LOW and add the eggs, one at a time, beating all the while.  Then add the rest of the milk (1/4 C).  Once the eggs and the milk have been incorporated turn the mixer up to MEDIUM HIGH and beat for 2 minutes. Scrape the bowl and remove from the mixer.  Gradually add the ground lemon, raisin and the pecan mixture, folding it in gently.  The object is to keep as much air in the cake batter as you can.  Pour the cake bater into the pan you prepared, smoothing out the top with a rubber spatula.  Bake the cake at 350 degrees for 40 to 50 minutes, or until a thin wooden skewer comes out clean from the middle of the cake. Remove cake and put on a wire rack, and add topping rig

Submitter: 
LLSLK
Description: 
Yummy lemony cake!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 and 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
