URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63920779/homestyle-white-bread-in-bread-machine/
Title:
Homestyle White Bread in Bread Machine Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 ? cups water
1 tablespoon honey
2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces
3 cups bread flour
2 tablespoons nonfat dry milk
1 tablespoon toasted wheat germ, optional
1 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon gluten
1 ½ teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons SAF yeast or 2 ½ teaspoons bread machine yeast

Directions:
Assemble your ingredients on the work area. For this recipe, this would mean your measuring cups and spoons, butter which you have cut into pieces, bread flour, nonfat dry milk, sugar, gluten, salt, and bread machine yeast. Measure out the water. Let the ingredients, including the liquids, come to room temperature. Fluff your flour to aerate it by stirring it with the handle of a large spoon.
Take the bread pan out of the oven area of the machine and place it on the counter. Mount the kneading blade( s) on the clean shaft and be sure it is in place correctly.
Pour the water you have measured into the pan.
Add the honey and room-temperature butter pieces (the size of the pieces is not important), dropping them right into the water; they will be distributed into the dough with the action of the kneading blade. Measure and add the dry ingredients, in the order they are given, adding the exact amount of flour, powdered dry milk, wheat germ if you are using it, sugar, gluten, (seasonings, if they had been in this recipe), and salt. Do not add the yeast yet. Don't worry about mixing anything; just pour the ingredients in.
Measure and add the yeast on top of the other ingredients
Replace the bread pan in the machine and click it into place on the bottom of the oven floor. Fold down the handle, close the lid, and plug in the machine. The display surface will light up and there will be a beep. Program the bread machine for the cycle appropriate to the type of bread you are making. In this case, the desired cycle is Basic.
During Knead 2 check dough to make sure it is of the correct consistency.  If very wet, add a tablespoonful of flour while it is kneading, if crumbly, add a teaspoon of water.

Submitter: 
arthur j
Description: 
Delicious.  Tastes like hand-made
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
3
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
