URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63929992/cream-puffs-with-low-fat-pastry-cream/
Title:
Cream Puffs with Low-Fat Pastry Cream Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Pate a Choux
2-1/4 cups water
1/3 cup unsalted butter
1/2 teaspoon sea salt
1 tablespoon raw cane sugar (Turbinado)
2 cups all-purpose flour
5 eggs
Pastry Cream
1/3 cup Corn Starch
2 egg yolks
4 cups fat-free milk, divided
1 vanilla bean, split in half lengthwise
1 cup raw cane sugar (Turbinado)
2-1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter
Glaze
1/2 cup water
1/4 cup Beehive OR Golden Syrup
3/4 cup raw cane sugar (Turbinado)
1-1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350ºF/180ºC. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
For the Pate a Choux: Combine the water, butter, salt, and sugar in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil. Add the flour all at once to the water, stirring constantly. Reduce the heat to medium. Cook, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until the batter comes away from the sides of the pan, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the stove and begin beating in the eggs, one at a time. The batter will become stiff and shiny. Carefully place the batter in a pastry bag fitted with a large star tip. If the batter is too warm, wrap the pastry bag with a towel. Pipe the dough in 2-inch/5cm mounds on the prepared baking sheet. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes, or until the puffs have risen and are golden brown. Turn off oven. Do not open the oven door for at least 20 minutes.
For the Pastry Cream: Combine the corn starch, egg yolks, and ¼ cup of the milk in a mixing bowl; set aside. Scrape the seeds from the vanilla bean pod and combine them with the remaining 3 ¾ cups of milk, sugar and butter in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Slowly whisk a small amount of the hot milk into the egg mixture, stirring constantly. Add the egg mixture to the saucepan and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until the pastry cream is thick, about 5 minutes. Strain through fine mesh strainer or a colander lined with cheesecloth. Pour the pastry cream into a bowl; cover with plastic wrap directly on the surface of the cream. Chill for at least 1 hour. Makes 3 cups.

Submitter: 
Beth
Description: 
A Yummy Pastry Treat.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
