URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63939937/burrladas/
Title:
Burrladas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Enchilada Sauce:
1/3c. Butter
3 cloves Garlic, minced
1/3c. Flour
1-(14.5oz) can Beef Broth
1-(15oz) can Tomato Sauce
4 tsp. Chili Powder
1 tsp. Cumin
1 tsp. Rubbed Sage
1/2 tsp. Salt
Beef 'n Bean Filling:
1 pound Ground Beef
1c. Onion, chopped
1/2c. Green Bell Pepper, chopped
1 Anaheim Chile Pepper, chopped
1 clove Garlic, minced
1 tsp. Chili Powder
1/2 tsp. Dried Oregano
1c. Enchilada Sauce
1-(14.5 oz) can Stewed Tomatoes
1-(16oz) can Refried Beans
8 - 10 inch Flour Tortillas
4c. shredded Colby-Jack Cheese (divided)
Toppings:
8oz. Lettuce, shredded
1/2c. Tomatoes, seeded and chopped
1c. Sour Cream
1c. Guacamole
1c. Salsa
1/2c. sliced Black Olives (optional)

Directions:
Enchilada Sauce: In a med. saucepan over med-high heat, add butter and 3 cloves garlic.  When butter is melted, stir in flour until well blended.  Cook for 3 minutes or until mixture is nice and bubbly.  Gradually whisk in beef broth. Continue stirring until broth becomes thick and starts to boil.  Slowly stir in tomato sauce, 4 tsp. chili powder, cumin, sage, and salt. Allow sauce to come back to a boil, then remove from heat.  Set aside.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
In a large saucepan over med-high heat, brown ground beef.  Drain off fat.  Add onions, green bell pepper, Anaheim chile pepper, 1 clove garlic, 1 tsp. chili powder, and oregano.  Cook until onions and peppers start to soften.  About 6-8 minutes.  Mix in 1 cup enchilada sauce, stewed tomatoes, and refried beans.  Stir until well blended.  Simmer 15 minutes.
Place a flour tortilla in front of you. Pour 1/2c. beef filling on the lower third of the tortilla, leaving about 3 inches of room at the bottom and 1-1/2 inches on each side.  Place 3 tablespoons of cheese over the beef filling.  Fold the lower portion of the tortilla over the beef, fold in the sides, and roll into a burrito. Place the burritos in a 13 x 9 inch pan.
Pour the remaining enchilada sauce evenly over the burritos.  Top with remaining cheese.  Bake uncovered for 30 minutes or until cheese is melted.
Serve with your favorite toppings.

Submitter: 
DIZ♥
Description: 
This is a cross between a beef ‘n bean burrito and a cheese enchilada.  It makes a great family friendly dinner because it is neither hot nor spicy. The beef filling and enchilada sauce can be made a day ahead of time and assembled when you are ready to prepare dinner. It’s also ideal for freezing.  When I was growing up, I could practically live off of these. Some 30+ years later, they are still one of my all time favorite foods.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
90 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
