URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63936867/atk-hot-and-sour-shrimp-with-snow-peas-and-bell-pepper/
Title:
ATK Hot and Sour Shrimp with Snow Peas and Bell Pepper Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 garlic cloves, 1 minced and 1 thinly sliced
1 lb extra-large (21-25) shrimp, peeled, deveined, and tails removed
1 Tablespoon minced fresh ginger
3 Tablespoons vegetable oil
1/2 teaspoon table salt
1 teaspoon soy sauce
3 Tablespoons sugar
3 Tablespoons white vinegar
1 Tablespoon Asian chili-garlic sauce
1 Tablespoon dry sherry
2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil
1 Tablespoon ketchup
2 teaspoons cornstarch
1 large shallot, sliced thin (about 1/3 cup)
1/2 lb snow peas or sugar snap peas, stems snapped off and strings removed
1  medium red bell pepper, seeded and cut into 3/4-inch dice

Directions:
Combine minced garlic with shrimp, ginger, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, and salt in medium bowl. Let shrimp marinate at room temperature 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, whisk soy sauce, sugar, vinegar, chili-garlic sauce, sherry, sesame oil, ketchup, and cornstarch in small bowl. Combine sliced garlic with shallot in second small bowl.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in 12-inch nonstick skillet over high heat until just smoking. Add snow peas and bell pepper and cook, stirring frequently, until vegetables begin to brown, 1½ to 2 minutes. Transfer vegetables to medium bowl.
Add remaining tablespoon oil to now-empty skillet and heat until just smoking. Add garlic-shallot mixture and cook, stirring frequently, until just beginning to brown, about 30 seconds.
Add shrimp, reduce heat to medium-low, and cook, stirring frequently, until shrimp are light pink on both sides, 1 to 1½ minutes.
Whisk soy sauce mixture to recombine and add to skillet; return to high heat and cook, stirring constantly, until sauce is thickened and shrimp are cooked through, 1 to 2 minutes.
Return vegetables to skillet, toss to combine, and serve.

Submitter: 
Litegal1
Description: 
For perfectly plump, juicy shrimp, we cook the vegetables first—and then turn the heat way down when the shrimp are added to the pan.  ATK recipe
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
