URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63932911/buttermilk-carrot-cake/
Title:
Buttermilk Carrot Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1090358.jpg
Ingredients:
CAKE:
8 ounce can crushed pineapple, drained (reserve the juice)
2/3 cup raisins
2 cups flour
2 ½ teaspoons baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon cinnamon
3 eggs
2 cups sugar
1/2 cup oil
¾ cup buttermilk
1 ½ teaspoons vanilla extract
2 cups finely-grated carrots
¾ cup chopped pecans
GLAZE:
1cup sugar
½ cup buttermilk
2 Tablespoons butter
1 Tablespoon white corn syrup
1 teaspoons baking soda
1 teaspoons vanilla extract
FROSTING:
8 ounces cream cheese, room temperature
4 tablespoons butter, room temperature
½ teaspoon vanilla
1 Tablespoon milk or cream, plus more if needed
¼ teaspoon cinnamon
1 cup powdered sugar

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.  Spray the bottom and sides of a 9x13 inch baking dish with nonstick spray.  Set aside.
Drain pineapple, reserving juice in a small bowl.  Place the raisins into the pineapple juice to soften.
To make the cake, whisk the flour, soda, salt & cinnamon in a medium bowl.
In an electric mixer bowl, beat eggs until light in color; add sugar and beat on medium high until light and fluffy.
Add oil, buttermilk and vanilla, beat on medium until combined.  Add flour mixture, ¼ cup at a time, to sugar mixture in mixing bowl, beating on low until combined.
Drain raisins and add to mixture.  Add carrots, drained pineapple and nuts.  Beat on low just until combined.
Pour batter into prepared pan and bake for 35 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into center comes out dry, but be careful to not over bake.  If you press your finger in the middle, an indention should remain.
While the is cooking, make the glaze and frosting.
To make glaze:   In a large saucepan over medium high heat, cook all glaze ingredients except vanilla extract, stirring.  Cook, stirring, approximately 10-15 minutes, or until it turns into a light caramel color (it will foam up a bit).  Remove from heat and add vanilla.
To make frosting:  In an electric mixing bowl, beat cream cheese until light and fluffy.  Add butter and vanilla; continue beating, adding a tablespoon of milk and cinnamon.  Slowly add the powdered sugar, beating on low speed.
Turn to high and beat until creamy, adding more milk if mixture is too thick.
When the cake is done, remove from oven and poke holes all over the top with a toothpick.  Pour warm glaze over the top and spread with a spoon to coat evenly.  Let set until completely cool.
When cool, frost with frosting.

Submitter: 
Paula Todora (Paula T)
Description: 
A very moist buttermilk carrot cake with a buttermilk glaze topped off with a simple cinnamon cream cheese frosting.  A combination of all the best parts of every carrot cake I've tried out.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
