URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63930594/tickled-pink-lemonade-cookies/
Title:
Tickled Pink Lemonade Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 C salted, softened butter
1/2 C white sugar
1/2 t baking powder
1/4 t baking soda
1 large egg beaten
1/3 C frozen pink or regular lemonade concentrate, thawed
1/2 t red food color gel (suggestion 1/2 t of Betty Crocker food color gel)
1 3/4 C all purpose flour (pack it down in the cup when you measure it)
Frosting for Pink Lemonade Cookies................
2 T salted butter, softened
2 C powdered sugar
2 t frozen pink or regular lemonade concentrate, thawed
3-4 t milk (water will work for a less creamy frosting)
enough gel food coloring to turn the frosting pink

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F, rack in the middle.
In the bowl of an electric mixer, beat the softenened butter with the sugar until the resulting mixture is light and fluffy.
Mix in the baking powder and baking soda.  Beat until they are well combined.
Mix in the beaten egg and the lemonade concentrate.
Add the food color.
Add the flour, a half-cup or so at a time, beating after each addition.
If the resulting cookie dough is too sticky to work with refrigerate it for an hour or so.
Drop the cookies by teaspoon, 2" apart, on an ungreased cookie sheet.
Bake the cookies at 350 degrees F for 10-12 minutes or until the edges are golden brown.
Let cookies cool on cookie sheet for 2  minutes and then remove them to a wire rack to cool completely.
Frosting for Pink Lemonade Cookies.........................
Beat the butter and the powdered sugar together.
Mix in the milk, a bit at a time, until the frosting is almost thin enough to spread, but not quite.
Mix in some food coloring and stir until the color is uniform.
If your frosting is too thin you can add a bit more powdered sugar and it if is too thick you can add a bit more milk or water.
Frost the completely cooled cookies.  When the frosting has hardened, you can store them in layers with waxed paper between the layers to keep them from sticking together.

Submitter: 
LLSLK
Description: 
Easy tasty summer cookies
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
