URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63935265/chorizo-sandwich-with-summer-vegetables/
Title:
Chorizo Sandwich with Summer Vegetables Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1090975.jpg
Ingredients:
1 Cup yellow Squash, diced
1 Cup zucchini, diced
1 Cup red bell pepper, diced
1½ Cups	white onion, diced
2 large	tomatoes, diced
3 sprigs thyme, leaves plucked & finely chopped
3 Tbs olive oil
1 Tbs dry red wine
3 slices crusty bread, ½ inch thick
3 chorizo sausages
Manchego cheese
salt & pepper

Directions:
1. In a medium saucepan, heat the olive oil to medium high heat. Add the vegetables and let cook, salting them lightly and stirring frequently.
2. Once the vegetables are hot, stir in the thyme and turn the saucepan down to medium low and cover. Every few minutes, uncover the pan and stir. When you lift the lid, let the condensation drip back into the pan. You want to cook the vegetables until they are very soft, but you don’t want to change the color of the vegetables.
3. Pour in the red wine, and continue to cook until the vegetables are almost dry. They will cling together. Place to vegetable mixture to the side.
4. Take the slices of bread and sprinkle on olive oil, salt, and pepper. Grill them and set to the side.
5. Grill the chorizo on high for 6 minutes, flipping the sausage over every 2 minutes. Then place the sausage on either a top rack of the grill or in a spot with indirect heat. Turn the grill to down to medium and cover the lid to cook for another 5 minutes. You want the sausage to roast slowly.
6. Meanwhile, spoon the vegetable mixture on top of the bread.
7. Slice the chorizo lengthwise once it is cooked and place on top of the vegetables. Top off with grated Manchego cheese.

Submitter: 
Jason Murphy
Description: 
This is a great meal to serve when looking for a little something different from the normal grill fare.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
