URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63931476/rubys-strawberry-jello-flan-cake/
Title:
Ruby's Strawberry Jello Flan Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1090069.jpg
Ingredients:
1 box strawberry cake mix
1 12oz evaporated milk
1 14oz sweetened condensed milk
1 tsp. vanilla extract
4 eggs
2 3oz packages strawberry jello
2 cups boiling water
1 cup cold water

Directions:
Preheat oven @350
Mix the cake mix according to the directions on the back of the box. Set aside.  In the blender add the evaporated milk, sweetened condensed milk, vanilla extract,and 4 eggs. Blend for 3 min. Using a bundt pan, spray it with original Pam spray generously. Pour the flan mixture in the bundt pan, and on top of that add 3/4 of the cake mixture. Bake it in a hot water bath for 45-55 min and check it with a knife to make sure it comes out clean. If it does not come out clean leave it to bake for a few more min. When it's finished baking let it sit room temperature for 1/2 hour then put it in the fridge for at least 6 hours. It has to be completely chilled. Once the cake is finished chilling, flip it into a plate to loosen it up then flip it back in the bundt pan. Now boil 2 cups of water and pour it onto the jello powder until well dissolved, then add 1 cup cold water mix well. Jello needs to be warm to the touch before pouring. Start pouring the jello on the side if the cake making sure you do not touch the cake with the jello, pour it slowly all around the side of the pan and you should see the cake starting to float. Pour the jello until there is no more room to pour. Put it in the fridge to set for 5 hours. When the jello has set, put the pan in hot water for 5 seconds to loosen the jello. Flip it onto a plate. If it's still stuck in the pan put it back n the hot water for a few more seconds.  Try again to flip it! Garnish with whip cream. Enjoy!!!

Submitter: 
Ruby Atallah- Hamdallah
Description: 
This cake recipe was created by me, I wanted to try something unique, Something that is different then any cakes that I have made before. This 3 layer cake is creamy and so moist! The result was amazing!!! My friends and family loved it!!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
11 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
