URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63932565/caesar-salad-omelet/
Title:
Caesar Salad Omelet Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tbsp breadcrumbs (torn or cut from bread into
small (1/4” maximum) breadcrumbs)
2 tsp + 2 tsp + 1 ½ tsp extra virgin olive oil
(divided)
1 clove garlic, minced (divided)
Salt to taste
2 large Romaine lettuce leaves, stems
removed, lightly chopped
1 tbsp grated parmesan cheese
2 large eggs
1 tsp lemon juice (fresh preferred)
2 anchovies fillets, minced (or ¾ tsp anchovy
paste)
6 grindings of black pepper
¼ tsp Worcestershire sauce

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.  Toss the breadcrumbs with salt, ½ of the minced garlic, and 2 tsp of the olive oil.  Place the breadcrumbs in a baking pan and bake for about 5 minutes, turning them once or twice, until crispy and golden.
Using a small saucepan over medium heat,  sauté the chopped Romaine in 2 tsp of olive oil until it has cooked down, about 2 minutes; add salt to taste (a dash will do it) while it cooks.  Remove the pan from the heat and allow it to cool for a bit.  Sprinkle the parmesan cheese over the cooked Romaine.
Add the 1 ½ tsp olive oil, lemon juice, remaining minced garlic, anchovies, and salt to taste to a mortar, and grind it into a paste with a pestle.  (Or, just make sure the garlic and anchovies are minced well, and mix these ingredients together.)
In a small bowl combine the anchovy mixture and eggs, and beat well.
Heat an omelet pan or small frying pan over medium heat.  Add a bit of olive oil.  Add the egg mixture to the pan.  Allow it to set for a bit (you might want to gently “stir” the uncooked top part with a fork to help it cook through).  When the eggs are set and still moist on top, add the Romaine mixture to one half of the eggs; top that with the breadcrumbs.  Gently fold the omelet in half, then transfer it to a plate.

Submitter: 
wheatsicle
Description: 
Like Caesar dressing, an omelet has eggs.  Why can't it have the rest of the ingredients of a Caesar salad too?  This one does.  It's my own creation, and it works!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
25
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
