URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63944267/boeuf-a-la-bourguignonne-slow-cooker/
Title:
Boeuf a la Bourguignonne-Slow Cooker Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1093348.jpg
Ingredients:
3 slices of bacon, coarsely chopped
2 lbs. boneless beef chuck roast, but into 1 inch peices
1 1/2 c chopped pieces
2 cloves of minced garlic
4 stems fresh flat leaf Italian parsley
3 sprigs fresh thyme
1 sprig fresh rosemary
2 bay leaves
1/4 tsp whole black peppercorns
4 medium carrots, cut into 3/4 inch pieces
2 c frozen small whole onions
3 tbsp quick cooking tapioca crushed
1 c burgundy wine
1/2 c beef broth
1/4 c brandy
1 tbsp tomato paste
1 c quartered fresh crimini mushrooms
1 tbsp olive oil

Directions:
In a large skillet, cook bacon until crisp, remove from skillet, drain on paper towels. Cover and chill until serving time. In the drippings, brown half of the beef over medium heat; remove from skillet. Add remaining beef, chopped onions, and garlic to drippings; cook until meat is brown and onions are tender. Remove the heat; combine all meat in skillet. For the bouquet garni, place parsley stems, thyme sprigs, rosemary sprig, bay leaves, and peppercorns in the center of an 8 inch square 100% cotton cheesecloth. Gather corners together and tie with a piece of 100% cotton kitchen string. Place carrots and small whole onions in a slow cooker. Sprinkle with tapioca. Place meat mixture on top of vegetables. Add bouquet garni. Whisk together wine, broth, brandy, and tomato paste. Pour over all. Cover; cook on low-heat setting for 10 to 12 hours or on high-heat setting for 5 to 6 hours. Discard bouquet garni. In a large skillet, cook mushrooms in hot oil over medium-high heat until brown. Prepare potatoes according to package instructions. Serve beef mixture with mashed potatoes. Top each serving with bacon, mushrooms, and chopped parsley. Makes 6 servings.

Submitter: 
Erica Maynard Kenney
Description: 
This classic French dish consists of fork-tender beef, and a rich, seasoned wine gravy.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
12 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
