URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63940297/mediterranean-chicken/
Title:
Mediterranean Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 teaspoons EVOO, divided
2 lbs. boneless, skinless chicken breast or thighs
1 medium onion, sliced into circles
1 cup fresh sliced mushrooms (crimini, portabella or porcini are best)
3 cloves garlic minced
1/2 cup sundried tomatoes (reconstitute in boiling water or used the packed in oil, sliced into thin strips)
2/3 cup kalamata olives, sliced in half
1 can artichoke hearts, drained and rinsed, sliced into quarters
1/2 cup loose packed fresh basil leaves.
1 cup chicken broth
1/4 cup tomato paste
fresh thyme sprig about 4 inches long with a few extra shoots coming off it.
S&P; to taste

Directions:
Pre-heat oven to 350.
Cut chicken breasts into fist size pieces and set aside. Prep all vegetables accordingly and set aside.
In a large skillet over med/high heat, add 2 teaspoons of EVOO.  As it warms up swirl it around to coat bottom of skillet.  Add chicken pieces and brown on both sided.  You are not cooking the chicken thoroughly, you are just browning it. Remove from pan and with it's juices and set aside.  Add 2 more teaspoons of EVOO to pan, increase heat to med/high and sauté the onion and mushroom for about 10 min.  You want those onions really soft and the mushrooms to brown up.  Then add the garlic and sauté for another min or two.
Add 1/2 cup of the chicken stock to the pan and deglaze, scraping up all of the little bits.  Add the sundried tomatoes, olives, artichokes and fresh basil to skillet and lightly toss together with onions and mushrooms.  Simmer about 5 mins.  While simmering, spray a large casserole and layer chicken in casserole.  Add your fresh thyme sprig on top of chicken.  Pour hot veggies over thyme and chicken. In a small bowl whisk together remaining chicken stock, tomato paste, sea salt & pepper then pour over the chicken.  Put in heated oven uncovered at 350 for 35 min. Remove from oven.  With tongs so as not to burn yourself, remove the thyme sprig and throw away. Serve over brown rice or penne.

Submitter: 
Mary P.
Description: 
A delicious blend of Mediterranean flavors that is also heart healthy all in one hot comfort foodie dinner.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
