URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63954910/calzone/
Title:
Calzone Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1097095.jpg
Ingredients:
Dough:
2 T yeast
1 tsp sugar
1 cup warm water
3 cups bread flour (or 2 bread and 1 semolina)
1 tsp kosher salt
1/2 tsp garlic powder
1/2 tsp Italian seasoning
1/4 cup olive oil
FILLING:
1 1/2 cup ricotta
3 hot Italian sausage links
5 oz baby spinach
1/4 cup parmesan, shredded
1/2 cup mozzarella, shredded
1 egg, beaten and mixed with water for wash

Directions:
Proof yeast with sugar & warm water.  Let sit for 15 minutes; when the water looks frothy and smells very yeasty, it's ready.
In the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with the dough hook attachment, add the flours and salt and seasonings. Pour in the yeast-water mixture and the olive oil. Mix to combine on medium speed. When a dough ball has formed, continue to knead until the dough is tight and not at all sticky, 5 to 6 minutes.
Lightly oil a mixing bowl, place the dough in the bowl and cover with a tea towel or plastic wrap. Place the bowl in a warm place to let rise until doubled in size, about 1 hour. Punch the dough down and let it rise again for 30 to 40 minutes. During the last rise, make the filling
Remove sausage from casing and brown.  Drain and remove to bowl.  Saute spinach and add to sausage.  Add in cheeses and mix well to combine.  Salt & pepper only if necessary.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.
Divide the dough into nine 2-inch balls. (Save 3 of the balls for another purpose.) On a lightly floured work surface, roll the 6 dough balls into 8-inch circles that are about 1/4-inch thick.
Place about 3/4 cup of the filling on the bottom half of a dough circle. Brush the bottom half edge of the circle with the egg wash. Fold the top half of the circle over to ALMOST meet the bottom edge of the dough. Fold the bottom edge of the dough over the top edge and crimp it shut. Brush the top of the dough with the egg wash and sprinkle with sesame seeds. Repeat this process with rest of the dough and filling.
Place the filled calzones on sheet trays and bake for 30 minutes. Serve hot or at room temperature with tomato sauce if desired.

Submitter: 
Litegal1
Description: 
Original recipe from Anne Burrell @ Food Network (  I think these would freeze well.  Dough very easy to work with.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
3 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
