URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63953931/cheesy-pull-apart-bread/
Title:
Cheesy Pull-Apart Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 large loaf or boule-style Italian bread (Sourdough or French could also work)
½ cup butter (unsalted or salted is fine), melted
1 clove garlic, minced
1 bunch scallions, trimmed and thinly sliced
8 ounces sharp Cheddar cheese, shredded (about 2 cups)
8 ounces Monterey Jack cheese, shredded (about 2 cups)
Chopped fresh parsley, to garnish (optional)

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a sheet of heavy-duty foil with non-stick cooking spray and set aside.
2. Cut a cross-hatch pattern into the top of the bread by slicing ½-inch grid lines into the bread, stopping about ¼-inch from the bottom of the bread so that it stays together. Place the bread on the piece of foil that has been sprayed.
3. Stir together the melted butter, garlic and scallions.
4. Gently separate the bread with your fingers, then spoon the butter mixture in all of the seams, making sure it is evenly distributed among the whole loaf. Wrap the loaf up in the foil and place on a baking stone or directly on the oven rack and bake for 10 minutes.
5. Remove from the oven and increase the oven temperature to 425 degrees F.
6. Open the foil and sprinkle the shredded cheese on top of the bread. There will be a lot of cheese, so try to push down as much as you can in between all of the crevices in the bread. Leave the foil open and return it to the oven. Bake until the cheese is completely melted, bubbling and starting to brown on top, about 15 minutes. Let stand for 5 minutes before serving, then sprinkle with parsley (if desired) and dig in!

Submitter: 
Wendy Schwartz
Description: 
The best part about this little gem? It’s seriously the easiest thing to prepare.

Take one loaf of bread… cut it up into a grid pattern… pour a mixture of melted butter, garlic and scallions into all of the crevices, cover with foil and bake.

Take it out of the oven… stuff and cover it in shredded cheeses and pop it back into the oven, uncovered.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
40 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
