URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63950521/sweet-potato-carrot-apple-and-red-lentil-soup-2/
Title:
Sweet Potato, Carrot, Apple, and Red Lentil Soup 2 Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/4 cup coconut oil
2 sweet potatoes, peeled and chopped
3 large carrots chopped
1 apple cored and chopped
1 onion, chopped
1/2 cup red lentils
1 Tablespoon minced fresh ginger
2 tsp. minced fresh turmeric root or 1/4 tsp. dry turmeric powder
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin seed
1/4 teaspoon ground coriander seed
1/4 teaspoon ground cardamon seed
pinch of cayenne pepper
4 cups vegetable broth (see notes)
plain yogurt

Directions:
Melt the oil in a large, heavy bottomed pot over medium-high heat. Place the chopped sweet potatoes, carrots, apple, and onion in the pot. Stir and cook the apples and vegetables until the onions are translucent, about 10 minutes.
Toast cumin seed, coriander seed, and cardamon seed in a dry pan briefly till brown and grind. Add.
Stir the lentils, ginger,turmeric, ground black pepper, salt,bcayenne powder, and vegetable broth into the pot with the apple and vegetable mixture. Bring the soup to a boil over high heat, then reduce the heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the lentils and vegetables are soft, about 30 minutes.
Working in batches, pour the soup into a blender, filling the pitcher no more than halfway full. Hold down the lid of the blender with a folded kitchen towel, and carefully start the blender, using a few quick pulses to get the soup moving before leaving it on to puree. Puree in batches until smooth and pour into a clean pot. Alternately, you can use a stick blender and puree the soup right in the cooking pot.
Return the pureed soup to the cooking pot. Bring back to a simmer over medium-high heat, about 10 minutes. Add water as needed to thin the soup to your preferred consistency. Serve with yogurt for garnish.

Submitter: 
Lynn
Description: 
Sweet potatoes, carrots, and apples are pureed with red lentils and seasoned with ginger and cayenne pepper, cumin for this warm and flavorful winter soup.
(sweet potatoes are high in Oxalate scale so limit your intake)Modified from: Sweet Potato, Carrot, Apple, and Red Lentil Soup
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
