URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63959763/chinese-dumplings--panfried-turkey-and-shirmp/
Title:
Chinese Dumplings -Panfried Turkey and Shirmp Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1098809.jpg
Ingredients:
Dumpling Dough:
3 cups  all purpose flour
1 cup boiling water, 1/2 cup cold water
Fillig:
1 cup turkey breast meat
10 mideum peeled row shrimps , shredded
2 Tablespoon soy sauce
2 Tablespoon minced green onion
1 Tablespoon minced ginger
2 Tablespoon cooking oil
1 Tablespoon sesame oil
1 teaspoon salt
Dipping:
2 Tablespoon vinegar
1/2 teaspoon soy sauce
1 teaspoon sesame oil
1 teaspoon white sugar

Directions:
Prepare Dough:
In a larg bowl,  mix the flour and 1 cup boiling water, stir it. Add 1/2 cup cold water, stir it until a soft dough forms ( if the dough still have dry flour, add 1 Tablesppon cold water) . Knead the dough until smooth. Spray oil to the dough, place the dough into a plastic bag, let it rest 30 minutes.
Prepare Filling:
I a larg bowl, mix the meat , shrimp , soy sauce ,cooking oil, sesame oil, green onion, and ginger. Stir them in only one direction, until mix very well. Add the cabbage, and stir them in only one direction, until the meat and cabbage mix together.
Prepare dumpling wraps:
Knead the dough until smooth, divide the in half. Shape each half into a roll 14 to 16 inch long and cut into 30 slices. Roll 1 slice of into 3 inch circle, and place 1Tablespoon filling mixture in the center of the circle. lift up the edges of the circle, and pinch the edges to seal. Repeat with the remaining slices of the dough and filling.
Prepare dippling:
In a small bowl, mix all dippling ingredients together.
Cooking:
Heat a nonstick skillet until hot, Add 1 Tablespoon cooking oil, place 20 dumplings in the skillet and fry until the bottoms are light brown.
Add 1/2 cup cold water, and cover the lid, until the water boiling. Turn the heat to the medium temperature and keep the water bubbling. Cook 10 to 15 minutes, or until the water is absorbed. Repeat with the remainning dumplings.

Submitter: 
May
Description: 
Chinese Dumpling is traditional main dash in China. The dumpling is called Jiaozi in Chinese. The wrapper is usually made from flour and water, but the fillings are variety. I made a lot of times turkey and shrimp dumplings for my family and friends. They very like them.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1.5 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
60
Nutritional Facts:
NA
