URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63957954/annes-chicken-chilaquilas-rojas/
Title:
Anne's Chicken Chilaquilas Rojas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1098038.jpg
Ingredients:
1 whole cooked chicken boned and shredded
1 28oz. can whole tomatoes, drained
2 chipotle chilies in adobo sauce
1 1/2 T. vegetable oil
1 large white onion sliced thin
3 cloves garlic minced
1 1/2 cups chicken broth
dash each of ground roasted cumin, oregano
salt to taste
1 lb. bag tortilla chips
8 oz. Sour Cream
2/3 cup chopped green onions
1 cup chopped cilantro
8 oz. shredded cheddar/Mexican cheese
5 oz. crumbled Cotija cheese

Directions:
Preheat oven to 360 degrees and grease large casserole dish (10 X 15).
Combine drained tomatoes and chipotle chilies in adobo sauce in a blender and puree until smooth (add more chilies if you like it hotter).
In large skillet over medium heat, sauté sliced white onions in oil until brown. Add minced garlic and sauté an additional minute. Add pureed tomato and chili sauce to browned onions and simmer until mixture starts to thicken. Add chicken broth and stir in dashes of oregano and cumin and simmer until mixture thickens. Remove from heat.
In a large bowl mix tortilla chips and tomato/chili sauce and fold carefully to cover chips completely with sauce. You may have to do this in 2 batches.
Cover the bottom of the casserole dish with half of the chip/sauce mixture. Sprinkle a layer of crumbled Cotija and shredded cheddar cheese over the chips. Add the shredded chicken to cover all of the chips and cheese. Season chicken with salt and pepper, then sprinkle with half of the chopped green onions and half of the cilantro. Spoon 3/4 of the sour cream evenly over shredded chicken.  Spread the remaining tortilla mixture then top with the rest of the two cheese mixtures.
Cover with tin foil and bake in preheated 350 degree oven for 35-45 minutes or until mixture is bubbly and cheese is melted.
Remove from oven, let set for a minute. Serve with sour cream, green onions, cilantro and your favorite salsa, if desired.

Submitter: 
Dylan's Nana
Description: 
One of my favorite comfort foods from growing up in Tucson. It's great for a potluck or party and you'll get lots of compliments from your guests!
This is a roja version but there is a verde style, too. Both are great and can be made hot or mild depending upon your heat tolerances or preferences.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
