URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63955473/martha-stewart-livings-perfect-macaroni-cheese/
Title:
Martha Stewart Living's Perfect Macaroni & Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8 Tbls. (1 stick) unsalted butter, plus more for casserole
6 slices good white bread, crusts removed, torn in 1/4 to 1/2 inch pieces
5.5 cups milk
1/2 cup all purpose flour
2 tsp. salt, plus more for water
1/4 tsp. freshly grated nutmeg
1/4 tsp. freshly ground black pepper
1/4 tsp. cayenne pepper
4.5 cups (about 18 ounces) grated sharp white cheddar cheese
2 cups (about 8 oz.) grated Gruyere or 1 1/4 cups (about 5 oz.) grated Pecorino Romano cheese
1 lb. elbow macoroni

Directions:
Heat the oven to 375 degrees. Butter a 3-quart casserole dish; set aside. Place bread pieces in a medium bowl. In a small saucepan over medium heat, melt 2 tablespoons butter. Pour butter into the bowl with bread, and toss. Set the breadcrumbs aside. In a medium saucepan set over medium heat, heat milk. Melt remaining 6 tablespoons butter in a high-sided skillet over medium heat. When butter bubbles, add flour. Cook, stirring, 1 minute.
Slowly pour hot milk into flour-butter mixture while whisking. Continue cooking, whisking constantly, until the mixture bubbles and becomes thick.
Remove the pan from the heat. Stir in salt, nutmeg, black pepper, cayenne pepper, 3 cups cheddar, and 1 1/2 cups Gruyere or 1 cup pecorino Romano. Set cheese sauce aside.
4. Fill a large saucepan with water. Bring to a boil. Add macaroni; cook 2 to 3 fewer minutes than manufacturer's directions, until outside of pasta is cooked and inside is underdone. (Different brands of macaroni cook at different rates; be sure to read the instructions.) Transfer the macaroni to a colander, rinse under cold running water, and drain well. Stir macaroni into the reserved cheese sauce.
Pour the mixture into the prepared casserole dish. Sprinkle remaining 1 1/2 cups cheddar and 1/2 cup Gruyere or 1/4 cup pecorino Romano; scatter breadcrumbs over the top. Bake until browned on top, about 30 minutes. Transfer dish to a wire rack to cool for 5 minutes; serve.

Submitter: 
daf
Description: 
From Martha Stewart February 1999. Thomas Jefferson, purportedly a great lover of both cheese and Italian food, brought a macaroni maker back from Italy and served his baked macaroni and cheese at dinner parties.  Wonder how macaroni and cheese -- American cheese melted into a traditional British white sauce served over Italian pasta -- came about. It all started during the age of European colonization, when seafaring men transported dried macarone -- one of the few staples that could survive a year aboard ship -- from Italy to Britain and to the American colonies... (cont. in Notes)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
70 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
