URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63958374/ravioli-soup/
Title:
Ravioli Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 large split chicken breasts, on the bone, skin on
1 29 oz. can seasoned diced tomatoes
6 C. chicken broth
1 large onion, diced
four ribs of celery, diced
six cloves of garlic, minced
1 tsp. dried Italian herb mix
1 Tbl. dried parsley
2 bay leaves
24 oz. bag of frozen mini ravioli
1 tsp. salt
1/2 tsp. black pepper
1/2 tsp. black pepper
salt, pepper, black pepper, paprika to season the chicken
2 tsp. butter
3 Tbl. olive oil

Directions:
Liberally season the chicken breasts on both sides with salt, pepper and paprika to taste.  Heat 2 tsp. butter and 3 Tbl. olive oil in a large Dutch oven. When the oil/butter is hot, CAREFULLY, add the chicken and brown on one side.  Turn the chicken and add the onions, garlic and diced celery.  Brown the other side of the chicken and move the vegetables around to sauté.  Add the tomatoes, the chicken broth and the remaining herbs and spices.  Stir and bring to boil, reduce heat, cover and simmer for about an hour, or until the chicken in cooked through and the broth is fragrant.
Remove the chicken to a plate and allow to cool.  Remove skin and bones and break the chicken up into larger bite-size pieces (do not make them too small, they will break up in the soup).  Return the meat to the soup.
Cook the ravioli in a separate pot of boiling salted water, following package directions.  Drain and rinse with water and cool completely in colander. Move the ravioli with your hands to keep from sticking.
CAREFULLY add the cooked ravioli to the soup.  Cook on very low simmer another 30 minutes.  Taste for salt and pepper before serving.  Add shredded Parmesan cheese over each bowl before serving.

Submitter: 
Sally Anne
Description: 
A quick and hearty Italian Soup.  Served with a salad and bread it is a complete meal.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
