URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63953859/stuffed-manicotti-pie-with-creamy-tomato-vodka-sauce/
Title:
Stuffed Manicotti Pie with  Creamy Tomato Vodka Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1096821.jpg
Ingredients:
2 Tablespoons butter
1/2 large onion diced
5 cloves garlic, finely chopped
2 15 oz cans Hunt's tomatoes with basil, garlic and oregano
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano
1/2 teaspoon Italian seasoning
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes
1/8 teaspoon black pepper
1/4 cup vodka
1/2 cup Parmesan cheese
2 8 oz boxes Manicotti pasta
2 eggs
2 cups mozzarella cheese
2 15 oz tubs Ricotta cheese
1 8 oz tub sour cream
3/4 cup shredded aged Asiago cheese
1 teaspoon dried basil
1/4 cup Parmesan cheese
1 cup heavy cream
1/2 cup Mozzarella cheese

Directions:
In a wok, melt butter and add in onions and garlic.   Saute until they just start to turn translucent.
Add in tomatoes,  oregano, Italian seasoning, garlic powder, red pepper flakes and black pepper.   Bring to a slow boil.  Add in vodka, continue to slow boil for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.  Reduce to a simmer and add in 1/2 cup of Parmesan cheese.   Simmer until tomatoes start to reduce and liquid is cut in half, stirring occasionally.
Prepare Manicotti as directed.   It must still be firm (not quite to al dente stage) when removed from water.
In a stand mixer combine eggs, Ricotta cheese, sour cream, Asiago cheese, 2 cups of mozzarella cheese and dried basil.
Cut Manicotti in half, through the middle, not lengthwise.   You will probably use about 3/4 of the manicotti you've prepared, but it's good to have the extra in case of boo-boos.
Put the cheese mixture in a gallon ziplock bag and snip one corner of the bag, like you would use an icing bag.   Fill shells with the cheese mixture and place them vertically in a springform pan.
Cover with 1/4 cup of Parmesan cheese.
Once tomato sauce is reduced, add in heavy cream and continue to simmer until it thickens.
Once it's thickened, pour over the stuffed manicotti shells.   Cover with 1/2 cup Mozzarella cheese.
Bake in a 350 degree oven for 30 minutes.   If necessary, broil for the last minute or two to brown up the cheese.
Let sit for 5 minutes and remove ring.
Enjoy.

Submitter: 
duboo
Description: 
When I couldn't find Rigatoni in my store, I bought Manicotti out of desperation.   I decided then and there to concentrate on the filling.   The end result is one of the best meals I've ever created from scratch.   It's a beautiful presentation and very time consuming, but the end result is definitely worth the effort.   I served with my Spinach Cranberry Salad and  French bread with garlic powder and Italian seasoning added.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
