URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63962727/no-harm-chicken-parm/
Title:
No Harm Chicken Parm Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves (about 1 lb)
1/2 tsp salt
1/2 cup whole wheat flour
2 large eggs
1/4 cup green puree
Breading:
1/2 cup bread crumbs (preferable whole wheat)
1/2 cup almonds, slivered and blanched
1/2 cup wheat germ, unsweetened
1/2 tsp salt
Olive oil for pan frying
1 1/2 cups Monterey jack cheese
Sauce:
1/8 c. extra virgin olive oil
1/2 onion, finely chopped
1/2 clove garlic, finely minced
1/8 cup Orange Puree
1/8 cup White Puree
15 oz. can stewed diced tomatoes
3 oz. can tomato paste
8 oz. can tomato sauce
1/4 tsp. salt
freshly ground pepper, to taste
1/4 tsp garlic powder (or more, to taste)
1/2 tbsp. dried basil
1 bay leaf

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
Make the sauce:  Place oil in a deep saucepan over medium heat. Cook the onions and garlic until they are slightly translucent but not brown, stirring occasionally. Mix in the Orange and White Purees, tomatoes, tomato sauce and tomato paste and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes until sauce thickens.
Place each chicken half between two sheets of plastic wrap and pound until very thin with a mallet or rolling pin.  Season chicken with salt. Place flour in a shallow dish or plate.  Beat eggs with Green Puree in another shallow bowl and place it next to the flour.  Put the breading in a third shallow bowl or plate.
Dredge each piece of chicken in the flour and shake off excess, then dip in the egg mixture, and then in the breading mixture.  Press the breading evenly onto both sides of the chicken.  Lay the pieces on waxed or parchment paper and store in the refrigerator for cooking the next day or proceed to cook immediately.
Heat 2 tbsp. oil in a large non-stick skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking.  Add two pieces of chicken at a time, pan frying on one side until the crumbs look golden, about 2-3 minutes.  Watch for burning and turn down heat if necessary.  With tongs, turn the pieces over and lightly brown the second side until golden, about 3 minutes.  Place pan-fried chicken pieces in a large baking dish, sprayed with cooking oil.
Top each piece of chicken with 1/2 cup of tomato sauce and cover sauce with Monterey jack cheese and a sprinkling of parmesan.  Bake 15-20 minutes or until cheese is lightly browned and bubbly.
Serve with whole wheat spaghetti and tomato sauce.

Submitter: 
goodeats
Description: 
Healthier version of chicken parmesan from The Sneaky Chef cookbook by Missy Chase Lapine.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
