URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63964548/buttery-soft-pretzels/
Title:
Buttery Soft Pretzels Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 teaspoons active dry yeast
1 teaspoon white sugar
1 1/4 cups warm water (110 degrees F/45 degrees C)
3 + cups all-purpose flour
1/2 cup white sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1/2 cup baking soda
4 cups hot water
kosher salt, for topping
Cinnamon sugar, for topping

Directions:
In a small bowl, dissolve yeast and 1 teaspoon sugar in 1 1/4 cup warm water. Let stand until creamy, about 10 minutes.
In a large bowl, mix together flour, 1/2 cup sugar, and salt. Make a well in the center; add the oil and yeast mixture.  Mix and form into a stiff dough. If the mixture is dry, add one or two more tablespoons of water. Knead the dough until smooth, about 7 to 8 minutes. Lightly oil a large bowl, place the dough in the bowl, and turn to coat with oil. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour.
Preheat oven to 415 degrees F. Grease 2 baking sheets or use parchment paper.
In a large bowl, dissolve baking soda in 4 cups hot water; set aside. When risen, turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface and divide into 12 equal pieces.  Roll each piece into a rope about 16-20 inches and twist into a pretzel shape. Once all of the dough is shaped, dip each pretzel into the baking soda-hot water solution and place pretzels on baking sheets. Sprinkle with kosher salt. After cooking try brushing with egg white  Or wait until cooked then brush with melter butter and sprinkle with sea salt or cinnamon and sugar.
Bake in preheated oven until well browned, about 8 minutes.

Submitter: 
Karen Monson
Description: 
These warm and buttery, homemade soft pretzels can be topped with sea salt for a savory snack or cinnamon and sugar for a sweet treat.Modified from: Buttery Soft Pretzels
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
2 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
