URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63966287/bread-and-cinnamon-roll-tips/
Title:
Bread and Cinnamon Roll Tips Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
The final rising for cinnamon rolls or sticky buns can be done overnight in the refrigerator.  Prepare the buns as you would for the final rising the night before.  Place them in the refrigerator (in their baking pan) and loosely cover with greased plastic wrap.  They will continue to rise, but very slowly.  In the morning, pull them out of the refrigerator to warm while you heat the oven; let them sit until they appear to have risen enough (about 30 minutes).
Cinnamon rolls:  If spaces occur between coils of cinnamon rolls, you are letting them rise too long.  Over rising also can cause rolls to taste fermented.
Instant yeast does not need to be proofed.  Add it to some of the flour before mixing with the other ingredients.
Active yeast needs to be proofed--added to the liquid and some sweetener and allowed to stand for 5 - 6 minutes before adding other ingredients.
Knead bread dough 8 - 10 minutes before the first rise.
To make the dough easier to shape let in rest about 10 minutes before shaping.
Oil and salt can kill yeast if they come in direct contact with the yeast.
Cover the bowl of dough with greased plastic wrap or a damp towel so the top of the dough stays soft and doesn't dry out and form a crust.  If using a towel make sure the dough doesn't touch the towel while rising or it will be difficult to get off the towel.
Rising is best done in a 75 - 85 degree room.

Directions:
Put dough in a greased bowl and turn to grease all sides.  Allow to rise.  The grease will prevent the dough from sticking.
If you have a gas oven, set the temp to 200 degrees F, and wait until you hear the burner come on.  Then close the door for 1 minute.  Turn off the oven and put the covered dough inside.  Remove before you preheat the oven to baking temperatures.  If you have an electric oven, heat for 1 minute 15 seconds.  Place covered dough inside to rise.  Remove before preheating the oven.
How to tell if your dough has fully risen to double the size -The Touch Test:
- Press the dough on the top with the tips of two fingers lightly and quickly about 1/2 inch into the dough.
- If the impression you made stays, the dough is doubled and is ready to be shaped.  If the indent quickly disappears, it needs a little more time; cover and let rise longer.
Yeast can be stored in glass air tight jars in the refrigerator or freezer.  This way they will last for up to a year.  No need to warm before using.

Submitter: 
Karen Monson
Description: 
Tips I have gleaned over the years!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
0
Ready in:
0
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
