URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63968077/slow-cooker-coconut-ginger-chicken-vegetables/
Title:
Slow Cooker Coconut Ginger Chicken & Vegetables Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1101248.jpg
Ingredients:
4 cloves garlic, peeled
2 inch cube of ginger (about 30 grams), roughly chopped
1 small sweet onion, peeled, quartered
1 bunch cilantro
1 Tablespoon olive oil
2 Tablespoons butter
2.5 lbs boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into four
2 cans coconut milk, not shaken
2 Tablespoons cornstarch
1 can of baby corn cobs
1 cup frozen stir fry vegetables
For the spice blend
1/2 teaspoon ground pepper
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon ground coriander
1 1/2 teaspoons ground tumeric
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper

Directions:
Combine ingredients from the spice blend together and set aside.
In a mini food processor, combine garlic, ginger, cilantro, and onion and pulse until it forms a paste.
Heat olive oil and melt butter in a skillet on the stove. Add pureed aromatics and stir well. Cook for a few minutes, then add spice blend. Cook for 2-3 minutes, stirring constantly.
Move aromatics to one side of the pot and add chicken pieces to the pot. Cook chicken slightly on all sides, using a sturdy wooden spoon to move it around the pot. It should get thoroughly coated with the spice mixture.
Place chicken mixture in a crock pot.
Open the cans of coconut milk and remove the cream from the top using a soup spoon. You should have about 1 cup. Pour the coconut milk over the chicken and with both cans, it should just barely cover the chicken.
Drain the corn cobs and chop in half. Add to the slow-cooker. Cook on low for 4 hours.
Whisk cornstarch with coconut cream until smooth and add to the chicken. Stir well. Add frozen vegetables of your choice. Cook for another half an hour or until you deem the chicken cooked and the vegetables hot.

Submitter: 
J Scholfield
Description: 
Photo and Recipe from Simple Bites
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
