URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63968064/easy-chicken-tamale-burrito-bowls/
Title:
Easy Chicken Tamale Burrito Bowls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1101241.jpg
Ingredients:
Chicken
1 onion, sliced
1 red pepper, sliced
1 orange pepper, sliced
1 1/2 pounds chicken breast
2 cups red enchilada sauce
2 tablespoons chili powder
2 teaspoons smoked paprika
1 teaspoon cumin
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1 teaspoon pepper
1/2 teaspoon cayenne
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
1/4 teaspoon onion powder
1 1/2 cups black beans, drained and rinsed
Cheesy Polenta
2 cups chicken broth
2 cups milk
1 cup polenta (I used Bob's Red Mill)
4 ounces sharp white cheddar cheese shredded, plus more for topping if desired
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon pepper
4 tablespoons butter
For topping
1 avocado, mashed with a pinch of salt and pepper (or some guacamole
4 ounces queso fresco cheese, crumbled
fresh cilantro, chopped
crushed tortilla chips

Directions:
Heat a very large skillet over medium- high heat and add the olive oil. When the skillet is hot, but not smoking (if it starts to smoke, turn heat down a bit and wait 5 minutes before adding the veggies) add the onions and red and orange peppers. Stir fry the peppers for 3-5 minutes, until they just begin to soften. Remove from the skillet and set aside. Keep warm by covering the plate with foil.
Add another tablespoon of oil to the skillet. Add the chicken and brown on both sides, about 3-4 minutes per side. Once the chicken is browned all over add the the enchilada sauce, chili powder, smoked paprika, cumin, salt, pepper, cayenne, garlic and onion powder and bring everything to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and simmer the chicken in the sauce for 10-15 minutes or until cooked through and shreds easily.
Meanwhile, make the polenta. Pour the chicken broth and milk into a medium size saucepan and bring to a boil. Lower the heat to medium and slowly whisk in the polenta. Cook, stirring frequently, until the polenta is soft and thick, about 15 to 20 minutes. Keep warm and then just before serving, stir in the cheddar cheese and butter, season with salt and pepper. If the polenta seems a little thick you can add a tablespoon of butter or extra milk.
When the chicken is done cooking remove the chicken from the heat and shred the chicken with 2 forks right in the sauce. If your peppers have cooled off too much I would toss them with the chicken to get them warm again. Toss in the black beans until warmed through.
To assemble the bowls, add a nice serving of polenta to each bowl. Top with the peppers and saucy chicken. Finish the bowls off with a dollop of mashed avocado, crumbled queso fresco, chopped cilantro and crushed tortilla chips. Dig. In.

Submitter: 
J Scholfield
Description: 
Recipe and Picture by Half Baked Harvest. 

This is such an incredible recipe. It looks difficult to make - but it's not.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
