URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63964331/shelly-hospitalitys-sour-cream-buttermilk-pancakes-recipe/
Title:
Shelly Hospitality's Sour Cream Buttermilk Pancakes Recipe Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1100295.jpg
Ingredients:
Ingredients:
2 cups (10 oz.) all-purpose flour (or mix 1 cup all-purpose flour + 1 cup whole-wheat flour)
2 tablespoons sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
2 cups buttermilk (increase 1/4 if using wheat-flour option)
1/4 cup sour cream
2 large eggs
3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled
1-2 teaspoons canola oil mixed with 1-2 teaspoons butter

Directions:
Preheat oven to 200 F.  Spray a wire rack with cooking spray and set it inside a baking sheet then place the baking sheet in the oven.
In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, salt, baking powder and baking soda.  Create a well in the center of the mixture.  Add the buttermilk, sour cream, beaten eggs and cooled melted butter to the dry ingredients and whisk gently just until combined – the batter will be lumpy and it’s fine if there are a few streaks of flour.  (Avoid over-mixing.) Let the batter sit for 10 minutes.
Heat 1 teaspoon of the oil/butter mixture in a 12-inch nonstick skillet set over medium heat.  Once the oil starts shimmering, use paper towels to wipe the pan so only a thin, even coating of oil covers the bottom and sides.  Use a 1/4 cup measure to portion the batter into the pan.  Cook on the first side until the edges are set and bubbles form on the surface, about 2-3 minutes.  Use a spatula to flip the pancakes and cook for 1-2 minutes on the second side, or until golden brown and cooked through. Transfer the pancakes to the wire rack in the oven.  Repeat with remaining batter, adding the rest of the oil/butter mixture to the pan if necessary.

Submitter: 
Shelly Hiddleson
Description: 
This is the perfect buttermilk pancake! Hands down, a must add to your cookbook recipes. Light, tender and crispy on the outside.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5
Ready in:
15
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
