URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63970221/chicken-cordon-bleu-with-creamy-dijon-sauce/
Title:
Chicken Cordon Bleu with Creamy Dijon Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 Tbls Dijon mustard
2 Tbls Hellman's mayonnaise (light or full fat)
1 clove garlic minced
1/2 teas. fresh ground black pepper
4 boneless, skinless, chicken breast halves
4 slices good Swiss cheese
4-8 slices prosciutto
1 egg whisked, for brushing on the rolled up chicken breast
SAUCE:
1/4 C. GF all purpose flour
4 Tbls butter
1/4 c. white wine
1/2 c. fat free half & half
1 teas chicken bullion paste
1 Tbls Dijon mustard
1/4 teaspoon paprika
1/4 teas garlic powder
1/3 c Parmesan cheese
S&P; to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven 350 degrees.
In a small bowl whisk together the 2 Tbls Dijon, mayo, minced garlic and black pepper and set aside
Rinse chicken breast under cool water and pat dry.  Between 2 pieces of plastic wrap, gently pound the chicken breasts until 1/2 inch think. Spread each flattened breast with 1 Tbls of the Dijon mixture then layer with 2 thin slices of prosciutto and a slice of Swiss Cheese.  Gently roll the breast up like a sleeping bag and secure with wooden toothpicks.
In a large nonstick frying pan sprayed with Pam, brown each breast roll on each side for about 5 mins. Using tongs to get a good even grip, gently place each breast roll in a sprayed glass casserole.  Using a pastry brush, brush each breast top with the whisked egg and sprinkle with GF panko or GF flour and lightly salt and pepper.
Bake for 25 mins or until breasts are cooked through.
While breasts are cooking melt butter in the frying pan the chicken cooked in.  With a whisk, gently scrap the sides of the pan for all of the brown bits.  When butter is melted whisk in the flour to form a rue.  Then add the whine and whisk vigorously.  Slowly add the half & half then whisk in the bullion paste until incorporated.  Do the same with the Dijon, spices and S&P.  If the sauce is still to thick, add more half&half or thin a bit with a good chicken stock.  Whisk in the Parmesan and blend until melted into sauce. Bring to a slow boil and then turn heat to very low keep warm until chicken is ready.
To serve plate each breast and pour sauce over.  Remember to remove toothpicks before eating.  Serve with brown rice, steamed broccoli and a crisp salad.

Submitter: 
Mary P.
Description: 
An easy Cordon Bleu your whole family will love.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
