URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63972496/french-macarons/
Title:
French Macarons Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1102375.jpg
Ingredients:
Macarons
3 extra- large egg whites
1 2/3 cup confectioners sugar
1/3 cup granulated sugar
1 cup almond meal/ flour
1 pinch of salt
gel or powder food coloring (optional)
Buttercream Filling
1 stick of butter (8 tablespoons)- softened
2/3 cup confectioners sugar
1/2 tespoon vanilla extract
Food coloring (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Place egg- whites in a bowl and mix with an electric mixer until fluffy. Add granulated sugar and beat for 10-15 minutes, or until the whites peak. Add food coloring at this point if desired.
Sift the confectioners sugar, salt, and almond meal twice for a fine consistency. Add this to the egg white mixture and fold together until creamy, yet viscous (approx. 50 folds). Put this mixture into a piping bag. Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper and make cookies 1 inch in diameter. Pipe the batter in a circular motion, making sure they are not too thin. Before placing in the oven , hit the pan against a table to take away any air bubbles several times (at least 10 times) , switching the direction of the tray.
Place the tray in the oven and set the timer for 18 minutes. At 9 minutes, change the direction of the tray. Cookies are ready when they can be easily removed from the tray. As the cookies cool, prepare the filling.
Mix softened butter, confectioners sugar and vanilla until creamy, which will take about 10 minutes. The buttercream should be a thick consistency. Add food coloring place mixture in a piping bag. Then fill one cookie and place another on top like a sandwich, and you are ready to eat!

Submitter: 
Wendy
Description: 
These cookies are a labor of love and we did a lot of research to perfect this recipe for you, after our own failures.  Please follow as written and you will have a delicious and well presented cookie.  You may wish to experiment with different fillings.  Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1.5 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
