URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63978232/tropical-breeze-delight/
Title:
Tropical breeze delight Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1104015.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups fresh pineapple, cut into 1/2-inch pieces
1/4 cup granulated sugar
1 envelope (8 sheets) unflavored powdered gelatin
1/4 cup water
One 14-ounce (400gr) can sweetened condensed milk
One 14-ounce (400 gr) can unsweetened coconut milk
1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice
1/8 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
1 large egg white
2 tablespoons light brown sugar
1/2 cup salted roasted cashews, split lengthwise

Directions:
In a small skillet, cook the pineapple with the granulated sugar over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until the sugar is dissolved and the pineapple is just tender, about 5 minutes. Transfer to an 8-inch square glass or ceramic baking dish.
In a small saucepan, sprinkle the gelatin over the water and let stand until softened, about 5 minutes.
Meanwhile, in a large bowl, whisk the sweetened condensed milk with the coconut milk, 1 tablespoon of the lime juice and the vanilla.
Warm the gelatin over moderate heat, swirling the pan, until dissolved. Pour the gelatin mixture into the condensed milk mixture and stir gently until blended.
In a stainless steel bowl, beat the egg white until firm peaks form; fold into the condensed-milk mixture, then pour the mixture over the pineapple. Cover and refrigerate until set, at least 2 hours.
Meanwhile, in a small skillet, combine the brown sugar with the remaining 1 teaspoon of lime juice and cook over moderately high heat until just melted. Add the cashews and stir to coat. Transfer to a plate to cool and harden.
Carefully cut the coconut pudding into squares and transfer to plates with a metal spatula. Sprinkle each square with candied cashews and serve.
Make Ahead The pudding can be refrigerated overnight.

Submitter: 
PAURUS
Description: 
A walk on a sandy tropical beach
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2,30 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
