URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63970951/chocolate-chip-cookie-dough-brownies/
Title:
Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Brownies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1101991.jpg
Ingredients:
BROWNIE:
4 ounces unsweetened chocolate, finely chopped
1 cup salted butter, melted
2 cups light brown sugar, packed
4 large eggs
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 cup mini-chocolate chips
COOKIE DOUGH:
3/4 cup salted butter, at room temperature
3/4 cup light brown sugar, packed
3/4 cup granulated white sugar
3 TBS milk
1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
1 1/2 cups mini chocolate chips
DRIZZLE:
1/2 cup semisweet chips
1 teaspoon shortening

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.
Spray 9x13 inch pan with non-stick spray.
In a medium glass bowl, melt chocolate in the microwave in short bursts of 30 seconds; stir after each burst and remove from microwave when melted and smooth.
Set aside to cool slightly.
In a large mixing bowl, whishk together the butter and brown sugar.
Add the eggs and vanilla extract and whisk those in too.
Mix in melted chocolate.
Whisk in the flour and mix just until combined (don't over-mix).
Stir in the chocolate chips.
Spread batter into prepared pan.
Bake 25-35 minutes.
Watch closely and remove from oven when toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean.
Let cool completely.
In a medium bowl, use and electric mixer to combine butter, brown sugar and white sugar.
Mix in milk and vanilla.
Mix in flour just until combined.
Stir in chocolate chips.
Spread cookie dough over the cooled brownies.
Regrigerate until the dough is quite firm.  Use a sharp knife to cut the brownies.
To add chocolate drizzle on top, melt 1/2 cup chocolate chips with 1 teaspoon of shortening in the microwave; stir until smooth.
Scoop the melted chocolate into a zip baggie and snip off the corner.
Squeeze the bag to drizzle the chocolate on top of each brownie.
Sprinkle additional chocolate chips on top.

Submitter: 
Sylvia Marchesi Walton
Description: 
Very Rich and best of both worlds - brownies AND chocolate chip cookie dough!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
