URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63976957/greek-yogurt-chicken-stroganoff-with-mushrooms/
Title:
Greek Yogurt Chicken Stroganoff with Mushrooms Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1103633.jpg
Ingredients:
Chicken 1/2 lb.
Butter about 2 tbsp
Flour about 2 tbsp
Chicken stock 2 cups
Fresh Mushrooms your taste, I used about 1and 1/2 cups
Med. Onion
Plain Greek Yogurt 2 cups
Low fat cream cheese 4 oz
Noodles or Rice

Directions:
1.Cook about 1/2 lb chicken in skillet. (I had a fryer so I roasted it, pulled the meat off and set it aside, any kind of chicken will do) Take chicken out of the pan and set it aside.
2.Wash and cut mushrooms and onions, amount is to taste. I used 1 med onion and about 1 and 1/2 cup fresh mushrooms.
3.Coat pan with oil, butter or chicken drippings. Sauté mushrooms and onion until caramelized about 5 min or to liking.
4.Add just enough of the 2 cups of chicken stock to scrape everything off the bottom of the pan.
5.This is where it starts to get touchy because I just add flour until I think it's enough. Add 2 tbsp flour slowly until the flour starts to ball up and you have to scrape it off your spoon, cook for about 30 seconds until light golden brown but before the flour starts to smell burnt.
6. Add the remaining 2 cups stock. You want a rich stock not a broth, this is where your base flavour comes from. Stir occasionally until the consistency of a nice gravy about 5 min.
7. Add two cups greek yogurt stir until combined.
8.Add the 4 oz low fat cream cheese, it's easier to stir in if you cut the cream cheese into pieces. Cook until combined and thickined about 2 min.
9. Shred chicken and add into sauce.
Serve over noodles or rice of choice.

Submitter: 
DesertWanderer
Description: 
The Greek Yogurt gives the same tang as sour cream and the low fat cream cheese adds thickness. My family didn't know the difference. Just made sure your yogurt is plain and not strawberry like I almost got.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 min.
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
