URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63976548/very-very-versitile-stir-fry-for-any-night/
Title:
Very Very Versitile Stir Fry, for any night~~ Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1103480.jpg
Ingredients:
1 bell pepper, sliced lengthwise
1 can of mushrooms (high quality preferred, or freshly cut)
1 bag of snap/snow peas
1 large carrot (sliced, diced, or shredded to prefernce)
1 small onion, diced
1/4 green cabbage, shredded
1-2 tbsp oil, for frying
1-2 packages of tofu shiritaki SPAGHETTI STYLE noodles (fettucine is too thick, angel hair is acceptable)
1 package of tofu, prepared to taste (I pressed and marinated mine for 2 hours in 2 tbsp of La Choy sweet & sour sauce, 2 tbsp of low sodium soy sauce, and 1 tsp of minced garlic in oil)
1-2 cups of chopped meat/poultry, if preferred over tofu
Corn (loose or whole "baby corn" on the cob)
1 small zuchini, sliced
1/2 small eggplant, diced
1 small head of broccoli, cut apart
1-2 cloves of garlic, minced
1-2 tbsp of soy sauce
1 tbsp of sesame seeds
Additional seasonings

Directions:
Choose out of optional vegetables listed and prepare them according to your personal preference.
Choose your prefered type of protein and prepare it. If marinating the tofu, do so 1-8 hours beforehand so that it has a chance to absorb the flavor of the marinade. Fresh Poultry or meat may be diced now.
Heat the oil in the pan. If frying meat, add in only 1 tbsp and cook until the outside has changed in color. Then add the other tablespoon and your vegetables of choice.
If cooking tofu or shiritaki, add all the ingredients now. You may add the tofu before the vegetables if you want it extra crispy/ have not marinated it, however this is not necessary.
After all of your ingredients have heated through, you may add any additional seasoning. This includes your soy sauce and/or seasame seeds.

Submitter: 
karkar
Description: 
NOT really a recipe, actually, just great for future reference during stir-fry experimentations xD!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
