URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63974977/easy-cinnamon-buns-recipe-by-karlynn-johnston/
Title:
Easy Cinnamon Buns Recipe By Karlynn Johnston Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups flour
3 Tbsp. sugar
1 1/2  tbs baking powder
1/4 cup cold butter or margarine
1 cup cold milk
Filling
1/3 cup butter
1 cup packed brown sugar
3 tsp. cinnamon
1/2 cup raisins

Directions:
Kick the tires and light the fires : preheat oven to 400 degrees please!
Take those 2 cups of flour  and dump them into a mixing bowl, add in the baking powder and sugar.
If I’ve said it once, I will say it again, the whisk is the single most handy and useful item in my kitchen. Instead of sifting, take it and mix the ingredients, and it fluffs right up and gets that baking powder mixed through.
Take your butter and plunk it in.
Use a pastry blender ( or two knifes criss-crossing each other) and cut the butter in, until its in tiny little pieces throughout the mixture. My daughter loves doing this as you can see, I only wish my hands were so delicate and tiny.
Make a well, and pour the milk into it.
Mix it until it forms a soft ball.
Take the dough out and put it onto a floured surface.
Take your rolling pin, and roll it until its about 12 inches long, 5-6 inches wide and 1/3 inch thick.
Now its time to start the filling. Take the brown sugar,1/3  cup butter and cinnamon and combine. Try your hardest to resist eating it all before you get it in the pans.
Take a measured teaspoon and drop it into each muffin tin.
continue directions under notes

Submitter: 
Gina Lee Lafreniere
Description: 
These are a perfect start to a Sunday morning at home with the family. Not only are these incredibly easy cinnamon buns compared to normal cinnamon buns, they are also very kid-friendly and there is nothing my kids love better than helping me out
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
35
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
