URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63984461/creamy-mushroom-alfredo/
Title:
Creamy Mushroom Alfredo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1105563.jpg
Ingredients:
Sauce:
•	4 cups sliced mushrooms (any variety or a mix)
•	½ a sweet onion, finely diced
•	½ cup white cooking wine (vegan variety for completely vegan)
•	1 teaspoon crushed or minced garlic
•	2 cups veggie broth
•	2 cups Cashew Walnut Cream Sauce
•	your favorite oil for sautéing (or veggie broth if avoiding oil)
•	Himalayan pink salt to taste
Noodles/squash:
•	2 small spaghetti squash
•	sprinkle of Himalayan pink salt and ground black pepper
•	1 box of your favorite gluten free or whole grain noodles
•	½ -1 cup retained pasta water from cooking pasta

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400. Cut the spaghetti squash in half and scrape out seeds, an ice cream scooper makes a great tool for scraping. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place face down on parchment lined cookie sheet. Bake for 30-40 minutes or until fork pierces skin easily.
While the spaghetti squash is baking, make your sauce. Using a sauté pan, sauté mushrooms in oil or veggie broth with a dash of salt. Once soft, remove from heat and set aside. I put them in the pot that I will cook my pasta in to reduce cleaning extra bowls.
Next, sauté diced onion in a drizzle of oil or veggie broth until soft but not browned. Add in cooking wine and garlic. Cook down until the wine is about half of what it started. Add in veggie broth and Cashew Walnut Cream sauce and mix until well combined. Simmer on medium low until sauce thickens. Taste and add salt if needed. Once thick, add mushrooms back in and mix well. Turn off heat.
Next cook your pasta according to directions on package (again I use the pot I stored the mushrooms in), making sure to retain ½ - 1 cup of the paste water when draining. Add pasta back into pot.
Once spaghetti squash is done, take them out of the oven and use a fork to “spaghetti” the insides. Add the “spaghetti” to the pot of pasta and combine. Add in the sauce along with ¼ cup pasta water. Mix well and add more pasta water ¼ cup at a time until sauce is creamy and not too thick. Be careful to add pasta water in slowly so you don’t make the sauce

Submitter: 
veggiesdontbite
Description: 
Creamy Alfredo without feeling bloated and heavy? Yup, here it is. Smooth, creamy, filling, comforting and amazing! I combine walnuts and cashews and blend until smooth to achieve this flavorful dish. Top it off with some roasted spaghetti squash and your favorite pasta, and you’ve got a meal that even the most authentic Italian will love!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
