URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63984555/no-cream-pasta-primavera/
Title:
No-Cream Pasta Primavera Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (12 ounce) package penne pasta
1 yellow squash, chopped
1 zucchini, chopped
1 carrot, julienned
1/2 red bell pepper, julienned
1/2 pint grape tomatoes
1 cup fresh green beans, trimmed and cut into 1 inch pieces
5 spears asparagus, trimmed and cut into 1 inch pieces
1/4 cup olive oil, divided
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper
1/2 tablespoon lemon juice
1 tablespoon Italian seasoning
1 tablespoon vegan butter
1/4 large yellow onion, thinly sliced
2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced
2 teaspoons lemon zest
1/3 cup chopped fresh basil leaves
1/3 cup chopped fresh parsley
3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar
1/2 cup grated Romano Vegan cheese

Directions:
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add penne pasta and cook for 10 to 12 minutes or until al dente; drain.
In a bowl, toss squash, zucchini, carrot, red bell pepper, tomatoes, green beans, and asparagus with 2 tablespoons olive oil, salt, pepper, lemon juice, and Italian seasoning. Arrange vegetables on the baking sheet, and roast 15 minutes in the preheated oven, until tender.
Heat remaining olive oil and butter in a large skillet. Stir in the onion and garlic, and cook until tender. Mix in cooked pasta, lemon zest, basil, parsley, and balsamic vinegar. Gently toss and cook until heated through. Remove from heat and transfer to a large bowl. Toss with roasted vegetables and sprinkle with Romano vegan cheese to serve.

Submitter: 
Penny Fleckenstein Guthrie
Description: 
Spring veggies benefit from a quick roasting in olive oil and herbs before being tossed with penne. No cream here - just the fresh flavors of olive oil, balsamic vinegar, and lemon. A beautiful dish.Modified from: No-Cream Pasta Primavera
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
