URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63980611/homemade-pizza-by-me/
Title:
Homemade Pizza, by me Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1104566.jpg
Ingredients:
4 cups all-purpose or whole wheat flour plus 5 tbsp all purpose flour, for dusting
1 1/2 tsp instant dry yeast
1 3/4 cup room temperature water
2-3 tsp salt
1 tbsp olive or canola oil, plus 1 tsp for for brushing and resting, 2 tsp for rising, and a very small amount for oiling the baking sheets.
1 tbsp of cornmeal (optional)
1-2 cups shredded mozerella cheese, or to taste
around 1/2 24 oz. jar of tomato sauce, or to taste
Spices, to taste (optional, but recommended, especially if using plain tomato sauce)
Additonal toppings (optional)

Directions:
In a large bowl, whisk together the flour and the yeast.
Slowly incorporate the water, mixing with a wooden spoon until texture is uniform. (it will be lumpy)
Stir in the salt and 1 tbsp of the oil. Then gather the dough into a ball and place it in the center of the bowl.
Brush the top and the sides of the ball with oil and discard any excess. Then cover the bowl with a dish towel so that it is not exposed to any light. Let it sit for one hour.
After it has had time to rest, flour a clean surface with one tsp of the flour and place the ball onto the area.
Knead the dough by pulling it until it is about 1 foot long and then folding the opposite ends together. Repeat this process 4 times, refraining from using a rolling pin, as this will flatten out any bubbles.
Brush one large bowl well with 1 tsp of oil. Place the dough into the bowl and brush the top with all of the remaining oil. For quick rise, let this bowl sit with a dish towel over it in a warm area for two to three hours. For a better texture and flavor, cover it with plastic wrap and let it rise in the refrigerator for 1-2 days.
After the dough has risen and doubled in size, Use all remaining flour originally mesaured out (about 4 tsp) for dusting and form the dough into 3 balls. If you have let the dough rise in the refrigerator, let these balls rest for 1 hour. If you have chosen the quick rise method, omit this step.
Oil 3 9-by-13 in. baking sheets and sprinkle with cornmeal, if desired.
Preheat the oven to 475 degrees Farenheit.
Stretch your dough onto each sheet and add tomato sauce, any additional toppings, and lastly mozerella cheese to your preference.
Bake seperately for 15-20 minutes, depending on your toppings.
For reheating later, heat in the oven at 400 degrees for 10 minutes.

Submitter: 
karkar
Description: 
My version of homemade pizza, adapted from my dad's version and a magazine version I found. My dad's famous pizza will be uploaded soon, too!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
4 h or up to 2 d
Ready in:
5 h or over 2 d
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
NA
