URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63988747/jamie-olivers-chickpea-leek-soup/
Title:
JAMIE OLIVER'S CHICKPEA & LEEK SOUP Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 14 OZ can of chick peas rinsed and drained
1 medium potato, peeled
5 medium leeks
1 tablespoon olive oil
knob of butter
2 cloves of garlic, finely sliced
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 1/2 pints chicken or vegetable stock
Parmesan cheese, grated
EV olive oil

Directions:
Rinse the soaked chickpeas, cover with water, and cook with the potato until tender, about 1 hour. (you could add a rasher of smoked bacon and a bouquet garnish and remove when the chickpeas are cooked).
Remove the outer skin of the leeks, slice lengthways from the root up, wash carefully and slice finely.
Warm a thick bottomed pan, and add the tablespoon of oil and the knob of butter. Add the leeks, garlic and salt to the pan and sweat gently with a good pinch of salt until tender and sweet. Add the drained chickpeas and potato and cook for 1 minute. Add about two-thirds of the stock and simmer for 15 minutes.
Now decide if you want to puree the soup in some sort of processor, or leave it chunky and brothy, or do what I do which is puree half and leave the other half whole - this gives a lovely smooth comforting feel but also keeps a bit of texture. Now add enough of the remaining stock to achieve the consistency you like. Check for seasoning, and add Parmesan to taste to round off the flavors.
This is classy enough for a starter, but I like it best for lunch in a big bowl with a good drizzle of my best peppery EV olive oil, a grinding of black pepper and an extra sprinkling of Parmesan.

Submitter: 
Mary P.
Description: 
This recipe is from Jamie Oliver's Naked Chef cookbook. I can't remember who I lent my copy too soo I went on line to look it up.  It is soooo good!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
