URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63990936/corned-beef-dinner-for-st-patricks-day/
Title:
Corned Beef Dinner for St. Patrick's Day Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4-5 lbs. corned beef brisket
1 med. cabbage, rinsed, trimmed, cored & cut into 6 wedges
12 small red-skinned potatoes, scrubbed and cut in half
10 small white onions (1 lb. peeled)
6 lg. carrots, peeled and cut into chunks
SAUCE:
1 Tbsp. unsalted butter
2 Tbsp. flour
1 1/2 cups cooking liquid from the meat pot
1 Tbsp. red wine vinegar
1/2 cup reduced fat sour cream
2 Tbsp. Dijon mustard with seeds
Optional: horseradish

Directions:
Place the corned beef in a 6 qt. dutch oven and add enough cold water to cover it by 2 inches. Bring to a boil over high heat, skimming the surface occasionally. Lower the heat, cover, and simmer for 2 hours. Add the cabbage, potatoes, onions and carrots to the pot with the corned beef and return to a boil over high heat. Lower the heat, cover and simmer, for 40 minutes, or until the vegetables are tender. Remove the beef to a warm serving platter, reserving 1 1/2 cups of the cooking liquid. Surround the meat with the vegetables and keep warm.
SAUCE: In a small saucepan, melt the butter over moderate heat. Whisk in the flour and cook, stirring constantly, for 1 minute, or until bubbly. Then add the reserved cooking liquid and the vinegar. Bring to a boil and cook, stirring frequently for 4 minutes, or until slightly thickened. Remove from the heat and whisk in the sour cream and mustard. Carve the corned beef and serve with the vegetables and sauce, plus a bit of horseradish if you wish. Makes 8 servings.

Submitter: 
Mmnadiv
Description: 
This recipe has been handed down in my family for several generations. The sauce is incredible, so smooth and tasty. Adding even a tiny amount of horseradish makes it even better. If you already have a favorite corned beef recipe, you could still make the sauce to serve with your recipe. The sauce is silky smooth, absolutely delicious and makes the whole meal!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
20 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
