URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63995688/buttermilk-marinated-turkey-breast/
Title:
Buttermilk-Marinated Turkey Breast Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1108791.jpg
Ingredients:
Marinade
1 qt buttermilk
1 lemon, thinly sliced
6 large garlic cloves, finely minced
2 sprigs fresh rosemary
Kosher salt
Freshly ground black pepper
1 whole bone-in turkey breast, 5 to 6 pounds
Extra-virgin olive oil
1 tsp granulated garlic
2 1/2 lbs red new potatoes, cut into 1/2 inch slices
2 lbs brussels sprouts, each trimmed at the root and cut lengthwise in half

Directions:
1. In a large bowl whisk the marinade ingredients, including 2 tablespoons salt and 2 teaspoons pepper. Place the turkey breast in a resealable plastic bag and pour in the marinade. Press the air out of the bag and seal tightly. Turn the bag to distribute the marinade and place in a large bowl. Refrigerate the turkey for 12 hours, turning occasionally.
2. Remove the turkey from the bowl or bag and pat dry with paper towels. Discard the marinade. Brush the turkey with oil, and allow to stand at room temperature for 1 hour before grilling.
3. Place a large disposable foil pan underneath the cooking grate to catch the drippings. Prepare the grill for indirect cooking over medium heat (350° to 450°F).
4. Brush the cooking grates clean. Grill the turkey breast, skin side up, positioned over the foil pan, over indirect medium heat, with the lid closed, until the skin is golden and the internal temperature reaches 160°F in the thickest part of the breast (not touching the bone), 1 to 1¼ hours. Meanwhile, prepare the potatoes and brussels sprouts.
5.In a medium bowl whisk 2 tablespoons oil, the granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, and ¼ teaspoon pepper. Add the potatoes and turn to coat evenly. In another medium bowl whisk 2 tablespoons oil, ½ teaspoon salt, and ¼ teaspoon pepper. Add the brussels sprouts and turn to coat evenly.
6. About 10 minutes before the turkey is done, preheat a perforated grill pan over direct heat.
7. Remove the turkey from the grill and let rest for 15 to 20 minutes. While the turkey rests, grill the potatoes on the grill pan over direct medium heat, with the lid closed, until tender and browned, about 15 minutes.

Submitter: 
Jack
Description: 
Buttermilk-Marinated Turkey Breast
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
2 hrs
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
