URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63993213/mexican-lasagna-lite/
Title:
Mexican Lasagna Lite Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound 99%-lean ground turkey or beef
1 envelope taco seasoning mix
3/4 cup water
12 corn tortillas
1 (4 ounce) can chopped green chiles, drained
large Pace Picante, divided
12 corn tortillas, divided
1 (8 ounce) carton (nonfat) sour cream, divided
1 (16 ounce) can nonfat spicy refried beans, divided
1 (8 ounce) package shredded cheddar or Mexican cheese blend, divided

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Brown ground turkey in a skillet over medium heat, breaking it up into crumbles as it cooks, about 10 minutes. Stir in taco seasoning mix and water, bring the mixture to a boil, and reduce heat to low. Simmer turkey mixture until thickened, about 5 minutes. Stir in chopped green chilies and remove from heat.
Spread a scant 2/3 cup enchilada sauce evenly over the bottom of an 8x10-inch baking dish; top sauce with 4 tortillas, overlapping if necessary. Spread tortillas with half the sour cream, half the refried beans, half the turkey mixture, and 1/3 the cheese blend. Top with another 2/3 cup enchilada sauce and 4 more tortillas. Firmly press down on tortillas to compact the layers beneath.
Repeat layers, spreading remaining sour cream, refried beans, turkey mixture, 1/3 the cheese blend and 2/3 cup enchilada sauce onto tortillas. Top with remaining 4 tortillas; press down as before. Finish layering casserole with remaining 2/3 cup enchilada sauce and remaining 1/3 the cheese blend.
Bake casserole uncovered in the preheated oven until the cheese topping is melted and bubbling and casserole is hot, about 20 minutes.

Submitter: 
Diane Manzella
Description: 
Mexican-inspired light ingredients including refried beans, prepared enchilada sauce, sour cream, and ground turkey are layered like a lasagna and baked for a lower-fat version of the popular casserole.Modified from: Mexican Lasagna Lite
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
