URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/63991401/polish-paczki/
Title:
Polish Paczki Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 sticks butter
5 teaspoons dry yeast
2 cup warm (room temperature) milk
1 cup white sugar
1 teaspoon nutmeg OR 4 Tablespoons rum
8 eggs
2 tablespoons vanilla
9 to 10 cups white flour (I used red winter wheat in 2014)
Vegetable oil or lard for deep frying

Directions:
Melt the butter and set it aside to cool.
Measure the yeast into a small bowl and pour the warm milk into the bowl and stir until the yeast dissolves. Set aside.
In a large bowl of a stand mixer, mix the sugar, nutmeg/rum, eggs and vanilla. Once combined, add the butter, yeast and milk and mix well.
Slowly add flour. When you have 9 cups of flour mixed in, the dough should not still be sticky. If it’s still sticky, add a little more. (Remember, the eggs help make the paczki light, but too much flour can quickly weigh the dough down. Use only as much flour as needed.)
Knead the dough, until gluten is properly developed, shape the dough into a round and then put it into a bowl, cover it and let rise until doubled (60-120 minutes). Once doubled; deflate, reshape and let it rise again. (~45-60 min).
When the dough has risen a second time, dump the dough onto a lightly floured counter and roll it out to about one half inch thickness. Using a two and one half inch round (oblong is better) cookie cutter, cut the dough. Carefully place the dough cutouts on parchment paper, cover, and in let rise till double (~30-45 min)
While the dough is rising, line the counter top with a thick layer of newspaper, covered by a double layer of paper towels. Heat the oil to about 325 degrees Fahrenheit. Fry each paczki for about two minutes per side, or until deep brown.
Use the slotted spoon to turn the paczki and lift each one from the oil carefully. Place the paczki on the paper towels to drain. The more grease that is wicked away from the paczki the better the paczki will taste.

Submitter: 
Apron Appeal
Description: 
This recipe is touted as an authentic Polish Paczki, a Fat Tuesday (or Thursday) tradition. To fill Paczki, see recipe for lemon curd and caramel apple filling.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
4.5 h
Number of servings: 
100
Nutritional Facts:
NA
