URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64007302/skillet-potstickers/
Title:
Skillet Potstickers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
12 oz Napa cabbage (1/2 head), cored and minced
3/4 tsp table salt
12oz ground pork
4 green onions, minced
2 egg whites, lightly beaten
1 1/2 tsp ginger, minced
1 clove garlic, minced (1 tsp)
24 gyoza or wonton wrappers
4 tsp vegetable oil
SAUCE:
1/4 c soy sauce
2 T rice vinegar
2 T mirin or sherry
2 T water
1 tsp chili oil
1/2 tsp sesame oil
1 green onion, minced

Directions:
SAUCE:  Combine all ingredients and set aside
FILLING:  toss cabbage and salt in a colander set over a bowl and let sit until cabbage begins to wilt (20").  Press cabbage with rubber spatula to sqeeze out excess moisture and transfer to medium bowl.
Add pork, green onions, egg whites, soy sauce, ginger, garlic and pinch of pepper and stir.  Cover and refrigerate until mixture is cold, at least 30 minutes and up to 24 hours.
Working with 4 wrappers at a time, fill, seal and shape dumplings using a generous 1T of filling per dumpling.  **NOTE** This recipe works best with circular wrappers as you're going to want to have a flat side for frying (ie: half moon shaped).  Dumplings may be frozen at this point for up to 1 month - do not thaw before cooking.
Brush 2 tsp of oil on bottom of non-stick skillet and arrange dumplings in skillet with flat side facing down.  You may overlap slightly, but don't crowd.
Place skillet on medium high heat and cook without moving until golden brown on bottom (apx 5 minutes).
Reduce heat to low, add 1/2 cup water, and cover immediately.  Cook until most of the water is absorbed and wrappers are slightly translucent, apx 10 minutes.
Uncover, increase heat to medium high, and cook without stirring until dumpling bottoms are well browned and crisp (3 to 4 minutes).  Slide dumplings from skillet onto paper towel lined plate, brown side down, and let drain briefly.
Serve immediately as they don't hold well.

Submitter: 
Litegal1
Description: 
From ATK
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
