URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64007332/wild-rice-pilaf-with-dried-cranberries/
Title:
Wild Rice Pilaf with Dried Cranberries Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 3/4 cup chicken broth
2 1/2 c water
2 bay leaves
8 springs fresh thyme, divided into 2 bundles, and tied with kitchen twine
1 cup wild rice, rinsed
1 1/2 cup white rice
3 T butter
1 medium onion, minced
2 carrots, peeled and finely chopped
table salt
3/4 c dried cranberries
3/4 c pecans (optional) chopped
1 1/2 T fresh parsley

Directions:
Bring broth, 1/4 cup of water, bay leaves, and 1 bundle of thyme to boil in medium saucepan over medium-high heat.
Add wild rice, cover, and reduce heat to simmer until rice is plump and tender and has absorbed most of the liquid (apx 35 to 45 minutes - start checking every 2 or 3 minutes past 35).
Drain rice in strainer and return to saucepan.  Cover to keep warm and set aside.
Meanwhile (while wild rice is cooking) place white rice in medium bowl and add water to cover by 2 inches.  Swish grains to release excess starch and pour off water.  Repeat 5 times or until water runs clear.  Drain rice in strainer.
Melt butter in saucepan over medium-high heat.  Add onions, carrots, and 1 tsp salt.  Cook, stirring frequently, until softened, but not browned (apx 4 minutes).  Stir in rinsed white rice until coated with butter and cook, stirring frequently, until grains begin to turn translucent (3 minutes).
Meanwhile, bring remaining 2 1/4 c water to boil in a small saucepan.
Add boiling water and 2nd thyme bundle to the rice, return to boil, then reduce heat to low.  Sprinkle cranberries evenly over rice, cover, and simmer until all liquid is absorbed, 16 to 18 minutes.
Off heat, fluff rice with fork, discard bay leaves and thyme bundles.
Combine wild rice with white rice, pecans, and parsley to large bowl and toss.  Season and serve.

Submitter: 
Litegal1
Description: 
ATK
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
