URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64002319/artichoke-spinach-lasagna/
Title:
Artichoke Spinach Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
cooking spray
9 uncooked lasagna noodles
1 onion, chopped
4 cloves garlic, chopped
1/2 can vegetable broth
1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano
1 (14 ounce) can marinated artichoke hearts, drained and chopped
1 (10 ounce) package frozen chopped spinach, thawed, drained and squeezed dry
1 pint sliced mushroomsm
1 (28 ounce) jar tomato pasta sauce
3 cups shredded mozzarella cheese, divided
2 cups shredded swiss cheese
1 pint small curd cottage cheese drained.
1/2 cup grated parmesan cheese

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).   Spray a 9x13 inch baking dish with cooking spray.
Drizzle one tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet and heat on medium-high.  Saute onion and garlic for 3 minutes, or until onion is tender-crisp.  Stir in mushrooms, oregano, artichoke hearts and spinach; saute for 5 minutes then add broth and reduce heat, cover and simmer 5 minutes.  Stir in pasta sauce.
Spread 1/4 of the artichoke mixture in the bottom of the prepared baking dish; top with 3 cooked noodles.  Layer artchoke mixture, cottage and parmesan cheese, mozzarell, noodles, artichoke mixture, cottage parm, swiss, noodles artchoke mixture, cottage cheese, motzzarella. Sprinkle parm and olive oil on topon top.
Bake, covered, for 40 minutes.  Uncover, and bake 15 minutes more, or until hot and bubbly.  Let stand 10 minutes before cutting.

Submitter: 
Patricia Schulze
Description: 
This is a fabulous lasagna made with an artichoke, mushroom and spinach mixture which has been cooked with vegetable broth, onions and garlic.  The mixture is layered with lasagna noodles, pasta sauce, mozzarella cheese, swiss cheese, dry curd cottage cheese and parm cheeseModified from: Artichoke Spinach Lasagna
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
