URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64004743/red-velvet-cake/
Title:
Red Velvet Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups all purpose unbleached flour; spoon into dry measuring cup and level to rim
1/2 cup natural cocoa powder; measure and sift
2 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup buttermilk, well shaken; can be cold from the refrigerator
1 tablespoon vanilla extract
4 tablespoons (2 ounces) liquid red food coloring*; use liquid food coloring from the grocery store  (If you substitute the liquid red food coloring with gel, powder or paste food coloring, make sure you also add in 3 to 4 tablespoons water to the recipe)
1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter; can be cold from the refrigerator
1 1/2 cups sugar
4 large eggs; can be cold from the refrigerator

Directions:
1. Position the oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. If using a dark, nonstick or glass pan, reduce oven heat by 25 degrees F.
2. Generously grease two, 9- x 2-inch pans with shortening or spray with Baker’s Joy or vegetable oil spray.
3. In a medium size bowl, after measuring, sift together the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Stir together with a spoon. Set aside.
4. Mix the buttermilk together with the food coloring and vanilla extract. Set aside.
5. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, beat the butter on low speed until soft. (If the butter is cold, it will warm quickly from the beaters – taking about 60 seconds).
6. Add the sugar in a steady stream at the side of the bowl. Increase speed to medium and beat for 2 minutes until light yellow and fluffy.  Stop the mixer and scrape the side and bottom of the bowl with a large rubber spatula.
7. With the mixer on low, add the eggs one at a time and beat for 20 seconds after each addition.
8. After the eggs have been added, increase the mixer speed to medium and beat the mixture for 2 minutes. (If the eggs are cold, the batter will curdle slightly. It’s ok. It will come together as the batter warms from the beaters.) Set the kitchen timer to help you keep track of the time. The mixture will become fluffy and aerated.
9. With the mixer on low, add the flour mixture in 3 equal portions, alternating with the milk in 2 equal portions, beginning and ending with the flour. (If the milk is cold, the batter will curdle slightly. It’s ok. It will come together when you add the flour.)

Submitter: 
AllieGeekPi
Description: 
This is the cake I make for my son's birthday.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
1.5 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
