URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64003606/atk-black-bean-soup/
Title:
ATK Black Bean Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
BEANS:
1 lb (2 cups) black beans, rinsed and picked over
4oz ham steak, trimmed of rind
2 bay leaves
3 cups water
1/8 tsp baking soda
1 tsp table salt
SOUP:
3 T olive oil
2 onions, minced
3 stalks celery, chopped fine
1 large carrot, chopped
12 tsp table salt
5 cloves garlic (apx 1 1/2 T) minced or pressed
1 1/2 T cumin
1/2 tsp red pepper flakes
6 cups chicken broth
2 T cornstarch
2 T water
2 T lime juice
GARNISHES:
lime
cilantro
red onion
avocado
sour cream

Directions:
BEANS:
Place all except salt in large saucepan, bring to boil over medium-high heat.  Skim off any foam.  Stir in salt, reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer briskly until beans aer tender, 1 to 1 1/2 hrs).  Add up to 1 more cup water if necessary.
Do not drain beans.  Discard bay leaves and remove ham steak.  Cut ham into 1/4" cubes and set aside.
SOUP:
Saute onions, celery, carrot and salt in heated oil (use Dutch oven) over medium heat, until veggies are soft and lightly browned, 12-15".  Reduce heat to low and add garlic, cumin and red pepper flakes.  Cook stirring constantly until fragrant, apx 3 minutes.
Stir in beans, bean cooking liquid, and broth.  Increase heat to medium high and bring to boil; then reduce to low and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, 30 minutes.
To finish, ladle 1 1/2 cups beans and 2 cups liquid into processor, process until smooth, and return to pot.
Stir cornstarch and water together in small bowl and gradually add half of mixture into soup.  Bring to bil over medium high heat, stirring occasionally, to fully thicken.  If soup is still to thin, add remaining cornstarch mixture and proceed as noted earlier.
Off heat, stir in lime juice and reserved ham.  Ladle into bowls and serve with garnishes on the side.

Submitter: 
Litegal1
Description: 
Yet another ATK dish
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
