URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64005069/guacamole-devil-eggs/
Title:
Guacamole devil eggs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
REDIENTS
6 hard boiled eggs*
2 ripe avocados
1 Tbsp lime (or lemon) juice
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 Tbsp sour cream (can skip if you need dairy-free)
1 Tbsp chopped cilantro (plus a several leaves for garnish)
1 serrano or 1/2 jalapeno chile pepper, minced (include the seeds for more heat, leave them out for less)
1 Tbsp chopped chives or green onion
*To make hard boil eggs, place eggs in a saucepan and cover with at least one inch (or two) of cold water. Bring to a rolling boil. Turn off the heat, cover the pot, and let the eggs cook in the residual heat for 10-12 minutes. Drain and rinse with cold water. For more advice see our How to Make Perfect Hard Boiled Eggs.
METHOD
1 Carefully peel the hard boiled eggs and cut them in half lengthwise. Place them on a serving platter. Scoop out the cooked yolks and set aside.
2 Cut the avocados in half. Remove the pit. Scoop out the avocado flesh and place in a bowl. (See How to Cut and Peel an Avocado.) Roughly mash with a fork. Use your fingers to break up one or two of the cooked egg yolks (2 to 4 halves) over the mashed avocado. (Reserve the remaining egg yolks for another use.) Sprinkle with lime juice and salt, and stir in the sour cream. Stir in the chopped cilantro, serrano or jalapeño chile pepper, and chives.
3 Scoop a generous spoonful of the avocado mixture into each well of the hard boiled egg whites. Top with a small sprig of fresh cilantro or some chopped chives.

Directions:
1 Carefully peel the hard boiled eggs and cut them in half lengthwise. Place them on a serving platter. Scoop out the cooked yolks and set aside.
2 Cut the avocados in half. Remove the pit. Scoop out the avocado flesh and place in a bowl. (See How to Cut and Peel an Avocado.) Roughly mash with a fork. Use your fingers to break up one or two of the cooked egg yolks (2 to 4 halves) over the mashed avocado. (Reserve the remaining egg yolks for another use.) Sprinkle with lime juice and salt, and stir in the sour cream. Stir in the chopped cilantro, serrano or jalapeño chile pepper, and chives.
3 Scoop a generous spoonful of the avocado mixture into each well of the hard boiled egg whites. Top with a small sprig of fresh cilantro or some chopped chives.

Submitter: 
Robert Smith
Description: 
This is from Simply Recipes
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
