URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64011071/sausage-and-bean-soup-with-pasta/
Title:
Sausage and Bean Soup with Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
¦1 cup dried cannellini or cellini beans or 1 15-ounce can of any beans you like, drained
¦1 pound ground sausage, turkey or pork
¦1/2 medium onion, diced
¦1/2 medium carrot, diced
¦3 tablespoons olive oil
¦2 garlic cloves, minced
¦1 15-ounce can diced tomatoes
¦6 to 8 cups chicken broth
¦1 teaspoon dried thyme
¦1 bay leaf
¦salt and pepper
¦1 cup ditalini pasta, or any small pasta
¦grated Parmigiano Reggiano cheese

Directions:
If using dried beans, place them in a pot, cover with cold water and let soak for several hours or overnight. Drain. Cover with fresh water and simmer gently, covered,  til just soft, about an hour.  Drain again.
In a large pot, brown the sausage.  Remove from pot.  If there is a lot of fat left in the pot, pour this out but do not wipe out pot.  Add onion, carrot and olive oil and saute for 5 minutes until soft.  Add garlic and saute about a minute more.  Add the tomatoes, 6 cups of the chicken broth, thyme, bay leaf, some salt and pepper, the drained beans (*this is the point to puree the soup if you want to) and the sausage and cover the pot. Cook for about 30 to 45 minutes over low heat, at a gentle simmer.
If using dried beans, check for doneness at this point.  (If using canned beans, add the pasta now.)  If the beans are not soft enough, cover the pot again and cook for another 15 - 30 minutes or until the beans are soft. Add the pasta and cook, uncovered, until the pasta is tender.  Check the seasoning and add more salt and pepper to taste.  If the soup is too thick for your liking, you can add more chicken broth.
Serve with grated cheese on top and an extra drizzle of olive oil.
Variation:  You can add a couple of handfuls of fresh chopped greens like spinach, chard, etc. for the last 15 or 20 minutes of cooking time if you like.

Submitter: 
Jaxmom35
Description: 
theitaliandishblog.com
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
