URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64011039/chicken-and-mushroom-manicotti/
Title:
Chicken and Mushroom Manicotti Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
7-8 manicotti shells*
1 tablespoon olive oil
8 oz sliced mushrooms
3/4 cup diced onion
4 oz cream cheese, softened
4 oz (1/2 cup) sour cream
2 cups cooked shredded or cubed chicken
2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley
Salt and pepper
3 tablespoons butter
3 tablespoons flour
1 1/2 cups milk
1 1/2 cups shredded Monterey Jack Cheese
4 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese

Directions:
1.Preheat oven to 350°F.
2.Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the manicotti shells and cook until al dente according to the package directions. Drain and set aside.
3.In the meantime, heat the olive oil in a large sauté pan over medium-high heat. Add the mushrooms. Cook until they start to soften, then add the onion and cook until both are cooked down and softened.
4.Combine the cream cheese and sour cream in a large bowl. Add in the chicken, mushroom and onion mixture and parsley. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Gently stuff the cooked pasta with the filling.
5.In a pan, melt the butter over medium heat. Whisk in the flour and allow to cook for 1 minute. Slowly whisk in the milk and continue to cook until slightly thickened, 2 to 3 minutes. Whisk in 3/4 cup of the Monterey Jack and 2 tablespoons of the Parmesan. Stir until the cheeses are melted.
6.Spread a small amount of the sauce in the bottom of a 2 quart baking dish. Top with the stuffed shells and pour the remaining sauce over the top. Cover the dish with foil and bake for 30 minutes. Uncover and top with the remaining cheeses, then bake until the cheese is melted and bubbly, 10-15 minutes longer. Top with additional minced parsley, if desired.

Submitter: 
Jaxmom35
Description: 
tasteandtellblog.com
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
