URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64019849/jumbo-bacon-avocado-horseradish-cheeseburgers/
Title:
Jumbo Bacon Avocado Horseradish Cheeseburgers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1116784.jpg
Ingredients:
2 pounds ground Chuck
1 tbsp Kosher salt
1/2 tsp Black pepper
1/2 tsp Johnny’s seasoning salt
Canola oil
4 Telera rolls
4 tbsp butter, melted
2 Avocados, sliced into ¼” wedges
8 small butter lettuce leaves
4 thick slices beefsteak tomato
½ medium red onion, sliced thin
12 strips cooked bacon
8 slices Monterey Jack cheese
4 tbsp mayonnaise
2 tbsp creamed horseradish

Directions:
Combine kosher salt, black pepper, and Johnny’s seasoning salt in small bowl. Set aside. Form ground chuck into 4 patties 6” round by ¾” thick. Put an indent with your thumb into the top of each one. Coat both sides of each patty with 1 tsp of canola oil, then sprinkle 1/2 tsp seasoning mixture onto both sides of each patty. Separate each patty between pieces of wax paper and freeze for 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, fill a barbeque starter chimney with lump charcoal and ignite in an outdoor briquette barbecue grill.
Slice each Telera roll in half to form a top and bottom, then brush the inside of each half with butter. Set aside.
When charcoal turns white, spread evenly on lower grate of grill. Replace upper grate, cover grill, and let heat for 5 minutes.
When heated, wipe grate with canola oil. Place each patty over direct heat and re-cover the grill. Cook 5 minutes on each side, placing 2 slices of cheese on second side of each patty during the last minute of cooking. Cover grill.
When cooked, remove patties to a warmed plate and tent with foil. Set aside.
Place roll halves face-down on uncovered grill and toast lightly, moving them often to avoid uneven browning. Remove, reassemble into 4 buns, and set aside.
Lay out the 4 bottom bun halves on counter. Spread over bottom half of each in the following order: one quarter of the avocado slices, 2 small butter lettuce leaves, one tomato slice, one quarter of the sliced red onion, and 3 strips of bacon side by side.
Remove foil from burger plate. With each patty, lift from plate with spatula and place top half of toasted roll over the cheese. Place each burger top upside down on counter. Spread thin layer of the horseradish-mayo onto bottom of each patty. Place each burger top on burger bottom. Plate each burger, slice,

Submitter: 
ChefCookie
Description: 
The slight kick of the horseradish-mayo gives these a great taste, and using the absolute freshest bread you can find will make it all come together beautifully. The recipe calls for Telera rolls, but Ciabatta or any fresh, soft but firm roll will do if you can't find Telera. You need a roll that holds its shape... you will also need more than one napkin :-)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
