URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64012057/paleo-old-fashioned-cocktail/
Title:
Paleo Old Fashioned Cocktail Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1114420.jpg
Ingredients:
Sugar, bitters, whiskey, ice, orange slice

Directions:
Head over to the nearest glacial ice sheet or down to the frozen river & remove a large chunk of ice. Using a hammer stone, strike the ice, expertly knapping it into smaller chunks.
Find a container for the ice, such as the polished, hollowed-out skull of a small mammal. Set aside in coolest part of cave.
Wait for the Upper Paleolithic. Get into position to cross the land bridge at the Bering Strait, then make your way down to S. America. No rush, just be in Meso-America for the invention of agriculture. Once corn is cultivated, gather kernels at harvest. Then wait for the Spanish. Hitch a ride back to Europe, taking care not to die from small pox or violence.
Luck! Distillation’s been invented since you've been away. Turn corn into bourbon.
Possibly you can find sugar in the fashionable coffee shops of Constantinople (or Paris or London, eventually). Go ahead & just pinch a packet or two; stuff’s expensive.
Return to cave, retrieve container of ice, reserve ice & discard nasty container. Find proper drinking glass.
Go to apothecary and pick up a bottle of bitter & aromatic roots, leaves, & barks prepared into a health-promoting elixir.
Pour some sugar & a few dashes of elixir into glass. Mix. Add whiskey & ice.
Go down to the wharf and see if you can find someone engaged in trade with SE Asia or possibly Sicily; ask if you can trade the remainder of your bitter elixir for a single sweet orange. If successful, add a slice to the glass. Forget the cherry. Enjoy responsibly.

Submitter: 
c-biskit
Description: 
The original. A true old-fashioned cocktail. *Very* old fashioned. Extremely so.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
eons
Ready in:
millennia upon millennia
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
