URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64013803/vegetarian-fried-sticky-rice/
Title:
Vegetarian Fried Sticky Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
200g glutinous (sticky) rice, white or mixed with black
2 tablespoons oil (sunflower seed or peanut or ghee)
2 teaspoons soy sauce
1 teaspoon sweet dark soy sauce (kicap manis)
1 teaspoon sesame oil (optional)
1 cup of sliced button mushrooms
1 teaspoon of onion or garlic powder
2 teaspoons vegetarian oyster sauce (sub: veggie stock powder)
half cup water (could be less or more depending on rice)
half teaspoon sugar
3 tablespoons sliced spring or green onions
salt to taste
ground white pepper to taste
fried shallots for garnishing (optional)

Directions:
Soak the rice in a bowl with enough water to submerge for at least 4 hours.
Heat oil in a non-stick saucepan or pot.
Drain water from rice and place rice in the heated pot.
Add soy sauces and stir. You should hear gentle sizzling. Keep heat at medium. Add the mushrooms and garlic/onion powder. Keep stir-frying to prevent sticking to the bottom.
Add oyster sauce or veggie stock powder and a tablespoon of the water.
Add sesame oil and keep stirring, adding a bit more water as the rice soaks it up.
Add sugar and salt to taste. A little more water if necessary. It should be done in about 20-25 minutes of cooking in total. Try a grain of rice to make sure it's cooked. It should be slightly al dente. It would become mushy if too much water is added, but some like it that way.
Add chopped green onions and ground white pepper to taste.

Submitter: 
argus
Description: 
I used to eat this as a child. My late mum made it sometimes and other times she bought it from a stall wrapped in an aromatic leaf. It's definitely comfort food. You can add stewed softened peanuts or chestnuts if you like. Non-vegetarians might want to add flaked fish or other meats.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m (plus 4 h)
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
