URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64013680/lazy-bones-broth/
Title:
Lazy Bones Broth Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1114633.jpg
Ingredients:
4 to 5 lb of poultry bones, backs, wings, and/or necks (organic and free range if possible)*
1 gallon (4 quarts) cold water or enough to cover bones
¼ cup vinegar
5 whole peppercorns
2 Turkish bay leaves
2 tbsp good quality bovine gelatin, optional**
1 to 2 tsp salt or to taste

Directions:
Rinse bones and chicken parts under running water and put in a large stock pot. Add vinegar, peppercorns, and bay leaves and cover with cold water. Let stand for about an hour to help draw the minerals from the bones.
Set pot on burner and heat until hot but do not let it come to a boil. With a spoon, skim off any scum that forms on the surface. Cover pot with a lid, leaving it slightly ajar so the broth doesn't overheat and boil. Place in a slow oven set at slightly below boiling temperature. (Water boils at 212°F or 100° C.) Check and lower the oven temperature if your broth starts to boil. Let cook for 12 to 24 hours. (Longer is better.) Add water if necessary to keep solids covered. Alternately, cook in a slow cooker set on low. Either method will help keep the broth clear without frequent skimming and once you have determined the proper temperature, it will need little attention.
Refrigerate broth for 6 to 8 hours. The fat will rise to the top. Do not stir until after the fat is removed or your broth will be cloudy and fatty and it won't keep well. Spoon fat off and reserve it to use as cooking fat if desired. You should have about a gallon of broth. Add 1 to 2 teaspoons of salt or to taste. Stir gelatin, if using, into broth and reheat until dissolved.
You can store the broth in the refrigerator and use within a few days for soups, stews, and sauces, or to drink as a vitamin- and mineral- rich tonic. After 3 or 4 days, the broth can be boiled again to extend its usable life. It can also be frozen, but I highly recommend that you take it a step further and reduce the broth to Bouillon Cubes. The cubes are very convenient, they take up almost no space, and they will keep much longer than liquid broth.

Submitter: 
Terri Myers
Description: 
Broth made from bones is the ultimate tonic and especially good for the brain. Dr. Ann Childers, who calls herself the Nutripsych, prescribes two cups of home-made bone broth a day for the patients in her psychiatric practice. 
It is also very good for the joints.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
24 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
