URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64013291/pizzagna/
Title:
Pizzagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1114503.jpg
Ingredients:
4 cups meat sauce or marinara sauce (your favorite homemade or jarred)
1 box no cook lasagna noodles
1 lb bulk Italian sausage (or if using links, squeeze from casings before cooking)
1 medium green bell pepper, chopped
1/2 medium red onion, chopped
3 cups cottage cheese
4 eggs, beaten
2 tsp dried parsley
1/3 cup parmesan cheese
3 cups shredded mozzarella cheese
1/2 cup mini pepperoni pieces (or more, if desired)
mushrooms, sliced (optional)
black olives, sliced (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
Begin heating sauce (either on the stovetop or in the microwave, it doesn't matter).
In another cold pan (NOT nonstick), place bulk sausage (no casings) with a tablespoon of water and cook over medium heat. Use a potato masher to break up the sausage into small pieces. Once the sausage is mostly cooked, add peppers and onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until onions are tender. Remove from heat, set aside.
In a medium mixing bowl, combine beaten eggs, cottage cheese, parmesan cheese and parsley.
Spray 9x13 inch glass baking pan with nonstick spray. Evenly spread about a cup of sauce on the bottom of the pan. Add 3 pieces of no-cook lasagna. Layer cheese and egg mixture, another cup of sauce, 2/3 cup sausage mixture, and a sprinkling of pepperoni minis (also sprinkle sliced mushroom and olives, if using).
Sprinkle with mozzarella cheese. Top with three more pieces of lasagna.
Repeat layering of sauce, cheese and egg mixture, pizza toppings and shredded cheese. Top with final pieces of lasagna pasta, then cover with sauce and sprinkle with more cheese.
Cover with foil. Bake for 25 minutes, until the lasagna is bubbling around the edges of the pan.
Remove foil and bake about 5 minutes more to brown and set the top.
Remove from oven and let sit for 15 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
morcar
Description: 
I love pizza, but I can no longer eat yeast bread. I can have wheat, though, so pasta is still in. To serve my pizza craving, I devised this dish that delivers all the goodness of a supreme combo pizza without the yeast bread.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
