URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64027392/bread-machine-broetchen/
Title:
Bread Machine Broetchen Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1118971.jpg
Ingredients:
Rolls:
- 1 C warm (110F, 45C) milk
- 1 T vegetable oil
- 1 ½ t salt
- 2 ½ C bread flour
- 2 ½  t (1 packet) bread machine yeast
- 2 t sugar
To shape rolls:
- About ½ C bread flour
Egg white wash:
- 1 egg white
For baking:
- 1- 1 ½ C ice

Directions:
Place roll ingredients in bread machine pan in the order listed.  Place pan in bread machine and set to the “dough” setting.  Let ‘er run!
When dough setting is complete, sprinkle the ½ Cup (approximately- you may need more or less depending on the humidity of your kitchen) of bread flour on a clean surface and dump the dough out onto it.  Knead for 10-12 strokes.  Form the dough into 10 oblong rolls of equal size, then turn them so that they are dusted with flour on all sides.  Let them rest right there on the floured surface for 10 minutes.  (They’ve been through a lot and are tired!)
Transfer the rolls onto a greased baking sheet.  Cover with a clean cloth and let rise in a warm place until about double in size, about 35 minutes.
Position a rack in your oven about 6-7 inches from the top of the oven.  Put another rack in the bottom third of the oven.  Heat the oven to 450F (230C).
While the oven is heating make a shallow slit in the top of the broetchen with a sharp knife, if you wish.  Brush them gently  with the beaten egg white
Place the C ice in a small oven-safe pan (like a pie plate).  Place the pan of ice on the bottom  oven rack and the broetchen on the top rack.  The ice will create a steam in the oven that, combined with the egg wash, will give the broetchen that soft yet firm crust it is so famous for.
Bake 12-15 minutes, or until the broetchen is golden brown.

Submitter: 
Nancy Anne Morris Martin
Description: 
Broetchen is very popular in Germany.  The word means “little bread”.  It is near impossible to get authentic broetchen here in the US.  After several attempts and combining what our German exchange student and a good German friend told me about it, I finally came up with this recipe.  I was told by both that this is about as close to the real deal as you are going to get in the US, since our flours are different from theirs. And by making the dough in my bread machine I saved a lot of hassle!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
2 h, 15 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
