URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64029623/lemon-parmesan-chicken/
Title:
Lemon Parmesan Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1119754.jpg
Ingredients:
2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts
2 teaspoons plus 1½ teaspoons salt
1 teaspoons plus ¾ teaspoon ground black pepper
4 eggs
1 cup milk
¾ cup lemon juice
2 tablespoons minced garlic
1 cup grated Parmesan cheese, firmly packed
½ cup all-purpose flour
6 tablespoons salted butter
3 tablespoons olive oil
Chives for garnish

Directions:
Wash and thoroughly pat the chicken dry.
Butterfly or pound the breasts so they are ¼- to ½-inch thick, and then season both sides with salt and a pinch of the ground black pepper
In a medium mixing bowl, whisk together the eggs, milk, ½ cup of the lemon juice, garlic, 1¼ teaspoons of the salt, and ½ teaspoon of the black pepper. Set the bowl aside.
In another mixing bowl, whisk together the Parmesan cheese, flour, the remaining 2 teaspoons of salt (i cut back a bit on the salt) and the remaining 1¼ teaspoons of black pepper. Set this bowl aside too.
Melt the butter with the oil in a large, heavy skillet over medium heat.
Dip the chicken in the dry ingredients, coating it on both sides, then in the wet ingredients, then again in the dry ingredients. A thick coating will be evident on the breasts.
When the butter's foaming has subsided, sauté the chicken in batches, 3 to 4 minutes per side, until both sides are golden brown. Transfer the finished pieces to a warm serving platter.
When you are finished sautéing the chicken, deglaze the pan with the remaining ¼ cup lemon juice. Swirl the mixture together, and pour the lemon-butter sauce over the top of the breasts. Garnish with the chopped chives and serve.

Submitter: 
margieatk
Description: 
I've made numerous parmesan chicken recipes and this is the best - a little bit of work but worth it.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
35
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
