URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64020102/anything-goes-easy-black-beans/
Title:
Anything Goes Easy Black Beans Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cans black beans, drained and rinsed
1 T olive oil
8-16 oz chicken broth, (divided)
1 med green pepper, diced
1 med onion, diced
1 jalapeno, seeded and finely diced
2-3 cloves garlic, minced
6 oz tomato paste
1/2 tsp cumin
1 tsp sugar
your favorite hot sauce, to taste (I used a spicy Chipotle hot sauce)
Sour cream if desired

Directions:
Put black beans, cumin, and tomato paste in a medium sized heavy pot.  (Of course, you can use dried black beans that you have already cooked if you have some handy and feel so inclined).  Add 8 ounces of the chicken broth, stir.  Set heat to low while you accomplish the remaining steps.
Heat olive oil in a frying pan.  When it is hot, add green peppers, jalapenos, and onions, and saute for several minutes until they are softened.  Add garlic and continue cooking for a couple more minutes.  Don't burn the garlic!
Add your veggies to the black bean pot and stir. Add sugar--its not really to sweeten the dish, its really more to mellow the tomato paste taste.   If at this point you decide you need more chicken broth, go ahead and add it.  I usually need close to 16 ounces until it gets to a consistency that I like.  Its all about how you want your beans--some prefer them soupy, some not.
Add the hot sauce until its as hot as you like.  I really like the smokey taste of chipotle hot sauce.
Simmer for another 10-15 min.
Top with sour cream, if you like.  Serve over rice, or let it stand alone.
You can also add just about anything else to this..that's why it's "anything goes".  Add browned ground beef or turkey for a meaty, almost chili-like main dish.  Garnish with diced hard boiled eggs.  Add chopped olives.  Sometimes I add cooked peas.
I love the leftovers with scrambled eggs for breakfast--its great the second day. And in tortillas for lunch.

Submitter: 
NURSE24HR
Description: 
Quick, healthy, and tastes good.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
