URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64027681/red-beans-rice-with-sausage/
Title:
Red Beans & Rice with Sausage Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1119105.jpg
Ingredients:
1 lb dried red kidney beans, soaked overnight
3 tbs bacon drippings
2 large onions, chopped
1 large green pepper, chopped
2 stalks celery, chopped
4 large garlic cloves, minced
1 ham hock (1 - 2 lbs), scored
1 tsp salt
1/2 tsp pepper
1/4 - 1/2 tsp cayenne
1/2 tsp dried marjoram
1 tsp dried thyme
1/2 tsp dried oregano
2 bay leaves
1 tbs sugar
1 tsp cajun seasoning (Tony Chachere's or any)
1-2 tbs Worcerstershire sauce
1 tbs red wine vinegar
1 tsp Louisiana hot sauce (or Crystal)
1 c chicken broth
1 c beef broth *can use 2 c chicken broth instead
1 12-oz bottle beer
1 1-lb smoked sausage, sliced into thin rounds
sliced green onion
hot cooked white rice

Directions:
Drain the water from the soaked beans, cover the beans by at least 3" with fresh cold water and bring to boil over medium heat. Allow to boil for no more than 5 minutes, then cover and allow to sit for an hour.
Prepare your vegetables and garlic
In a deep frying pan, heat bacon grease over medium-high heat and when shimmering, add the chopped veggies and garlic. Sautee until onions are translucent.
Add sliced sausage and sautee another few minutes to lightly brown, but do not allow the garlic or onion to brown/burn.
Rinse beans and place in a crockpot lightly sprayed with cooking spray.
Pour sauteed veggies and sausage into crockpot, stirring to incorporate with beans.
Add scored ham hock, salt, pepper, cayenne, marjoram, thyme, oregano, bay leaves, sugar, cajun seasoning, Worcestershire sauce, red wine vinegar, broth, and beer.
Add enough water to cover all by about an inch
Set crockpot to "High" and cook 8 hrs, stirring ocassionally
Remove bay leaves and mash about a cup of the beans against the sides of the pot to thicken the broth. Adjust seasoning to taste (note: red beans and rice is not a spicy dish so should not be "hot")
To prepare rice: Cook as directed on package, adding salt, 1 tbs butter and 1-2 tsp white vinegar to the cooking water.
Ladle beans onto plate, top with 1 c of hot rice and sprinkle with chopped green onion and parsley. Serve with red wine vinegar and hot sauce on table for individual tastes.
* A lot of people do not like to rinse off the "bean liquor" but I guarantee you that dumping water from the overnight soak (or quick-soak) then reboiling and rinsing will GREATLY reduce stomach bloating and gassiness usually experienced when eating beans.

Submitter: 
EmmLee
Description: 
This is an old family recipe, and a family favorite for kids and adults alike. Unlike many other Cajun/Louisiana recipes, beans and rice is NOT a spicy dish. It's flavorful and filling. This recipe is easily prepared in a crockpot or on the stovetop. Serve with not only rice, but salad, French bread or cornbread - whatever your family prefers!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min w/o bean prep
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
