URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64029870/mini-lemon-meringue-cheesecakes/
Title:
Mini Lemon Meringue Cheesecakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Crust:
2/3 cup Graham cracker crumbs
2 T white sugar
2 T melted butter
Filling:
2 (8 oz) packages cream cheese
1/2 cup sugar
1/2 tsp vanilla
2 eggs
1 cup white sugar
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
3 tablespoons cornstarch
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cups milk
3 lemons, juiced and zested (1/2 c.)
2 tablespoons butter
4 egg yolks, beaten
Meringue:
4 egg whites
6 tablespoons white sugar

Directions:
Preheat oven 325 degrees
Crust:
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Place foil cupcake liners in a 12-cup muffin pan.
In a medium bowl, mix together the graham cracker crumbs, sugar, and margarine with a fork until combined. Measure a rounded tablespoon of the mixture into the bottom of each muffin cup, pressing firmly. Bake in the pre-heated oven for 5 minutes, then remove to cool. Keep the oven on.
In a large bowl, combine cream cheese, sugar and vanilla. Beat until smooth. Blend in eggs one at a time. Remove 1 cup of batter and spread into bottom of each crust; set aside.
To Make Lemon Filling:
In a medium saucepan, whisk together 1 cup sugar, flour, cornstarch, and salt. Stir in water, lemon juice and lemon zest. Cook over medium-high heat, stirring frequently, until mixture comes to a boil. Stir in butter. Place egg yolks in a small bowl and gradually whisk in 1/2 cup of hot sugar mixture. Whisk egg yolk mixture back into remaining sugar mixture. Bring to a boil and continue to cook while stirring constantly until thick. Remove from heat.
Add lemon mixture to the remaining batter and stir gently until well blended. Carefully spread over the batter in the crust.Bake in preheated oven for 20 minutes.
Make the meringue while cheesecakes are baking. Remove cheesecakes and top with meringue, place back in oven for 10 minutes. Allow to cool, then refrigerate for 3 hours or overnight.
To Make Meringue:
In a large glass or metal bowl, whip egg whites until foamy. Add sugar gradually, and continue to whip until stiff peaks form. Spread meringue over pie, sealing the edges at the crust.

Submitter: 
DdAyWeN
Description: 
Mini Lemon Meringue Cheesecakes
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
