URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64024682/healthy-buffalo-chicken-chili/
Title:
Healthy Buffalo Chicken Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 - 2 pounds chicken breast or ground chicken
2 cups low sodium chicken broth
2 cups carrots, peeled and finely chopped
2 cups chopped onion, chopped
3 cups celery, finely chopped
4-55 cloves garlic, chopped
1 tsp chili powder
2 tsps ground cumin
1 garlic powder
salt and pepper to taste
1/3 - 1/2 cup hot buffalo wing sauce (such as Frank's® REDHOT Buffalo Wing Sauce), or to taste
1 (15 ounce) cans tomato sauce
1 (15 ounce) can white kidney or cannellini beans, rinsed & drained
Optional: 1/2 cup plus 2 tbsp crumbled blue cheese

Directions:
For ground chicken version, stove-top. Place chicken in the pot. Cook and stir 7 to 10 minutes, until chicken is no longer pink. Stir in the carrot, onion, celery, garlic, chili powder, cumin, paprika, and salt and pepper, and cook and stir until the onion is translucent and the vegetables are beginning to soften, 3 to 4 more minutes.
Stir in the hot sauce, tomato sauce, and white. Bring to a boil, and simmer over medium-low heat about 1 hour, until the vegetables are tender and the flavors have blended.
For chicken breast, crock pot.  Season chicken with salt & pepper and place in a crock pot.  Add all remaining ingredients except hot sauce & blue cheese.  Gently stir.  Cover and cook on high for 3-4 hours or low for 7-8 hours, until chicken is full cooked.
Remove chicken and place in a large bowl.  Shred with two forks.  Add 1/3 cup hot sauce to chicken and toss to coat.  Stir saucy chicken into the chili in the crockpot. Serve with additional hot sauce and blue cheese crumbles, if desired.

Submitter: 
Cindi Fortmann
Description: 
Chicken chili has the zing of Buffalo wings. Serve at your game day party.Modified from: Buffalo Chicken Chili
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
