URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64026000/fresh-avocados-from-mexico-strawberries-and-chickpea-salad-with-balsamic-lime-dressing/
Title:
Fresh Avocados from Mexico, Strawberries and Chickpea Salad with Balsamic Lime Dressing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1119054.jpg
Ingredients:
Ingredients
1 fresh avocado from Mexico(medium ripe) sliced into 1/2 inch cubes and scooped out of the peel
1 cup  Sliced strawberries
2 cans  chickpeas (drained)
1 jalapeno diced (remove as many seeds for desired heat as you like)
1/2 small onion diced
1/4 cup of celery diced
For Dressing
1 ripe fresh avocado from Mexico pit discarded and scooped out of it's peel
2 tsp lime zest
1 juiced Lime
2 Tbsp olive oil
2 Tbsp  balsamic vinegar
1 Tbsp  sugar
2 Tbsp water
10 fresh cilantro leaves
1 head of Boston Lettuce washed and leaves separated

Directions:
1.Begin by slicing avocados from Mexico in half, carefully scooping out the pit and dice the fresh avocado from Mexico into ½” cubes. Place in a bowl with chick peas, strawberries and diced jalapeno, onion and celery.
2.In a blender, combine all the ingredients for the dressing and pulse until smooth but thick.  Lightly toss with avocado/strawberry/chickpea mixture. Salt to taste.  Chill 15 to 20 minutes to blend flavors and serve in cups made from the Boston lettuce leaves.

Submitter: 
Terry E.
Description: 
Early Spring brings amazing Fresh Avocadoes from Mexico, Sweet Strawberries from California then why not throw in everyone's favorite, Chickpeas and brighten the whole thing up with a fresh squeezed lime. You can serve as a side salad or dress it up with shrimp for a main course dinner. But then for something different mash it up for new fresh take on Guacamole with chips in front of the TV. Anyway you serve this it can't help but be a winner on your table.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
