URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64029440/chicken-enchilada-soup/
Title:
Chicken Enchilada Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1119716.jpg
Ingredients:
1 medium onion, chopped
5-6 cloves garlic, chopped
2 carrots, peeled and chopped
2 stalks celery, chopped
1 red bell pepper, chopped
1 jalapeno pepper, chopped (remove the seeds and membranes to cut down on the heat)
1 1/2 teaspoons chili powder
1 heaping teaspoon cumin
1 heaping teaspoon ground coriander
1 teaspoon dried oregano
3/4 teaspoon smoked paprika
6 cups chicken broth
1 14.5-ounce can diced tomatoes, divided
1 cup water
5-6 6? yellow corn tortillas
kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
Shredded breast meat from 1 medium rotisserie chicken
1/2 cup heavy cream
chopped green onions
sour cream
shredded cheddar or pepper jack cheese
fried tortilla strips

Directions:
In a large soup pot or Dutch oven, heat 2 tablespoons of extra-virgin olive oil over medium heat. When hot, add the onion, garlic, carrots, celery, bell pepper, and saute until fragrant and the vegetables are tender.
While the vegetables are cooking, combine the chili powder, cumin, coriander, oregano, and smoked paprika. When the vegetables are tender, add the spices and stir to combine. add the chicken broth, 1/2 cup diced tomatoes, and water and then blend until smooth using an immersion blender (you can also it in batches in a regular blender). Bring to a boil and tear the tortillas and add them to the soup (6 will be pretty thick, it just depends on personal preference). Cover and turn the heat down to low and simmer 30-45 minutes or until the tortillas are breaking apart. Remove from heat. Whip out your immersion blender again and blend until smooth. Add the remaining tomatoes, the shredded chicken breast meat and the cream and stir until combined. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve immediately with green onions, shredded cheese, and fried tortilla strips. Makes 8 servings.
Slow Cooker Instructions:
After sautéing the vegetables, add them to your slow cooker and add the spices. Stir to combine. Blend with the chicken broth and 1/2 cup of tomatoes until smooth, either with an immersion blender or in a traditional blender. Add water  and torn tortillas and cook on low for 8 hours or high for 4 hours. If necessary, blend again. Add the remaining diced tomatoes, shredded chicken breast and cream, stir to combine, and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
The Wallace Clan
Description: 
A great way to use up Rotisserie chicken meat!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
