URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64032093/best-ever-egg-noodle-beef-stroganoff/
Title:
Best Ever Egg Noodle Beef Stroganoff Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1120517.jpg
Ingredients:
Stroganoff
1/2 ounce dried porcini mushrooms
1 pound beef tenderloin
2 tbsp. olive oil
Butter, as needed
Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste
1 large onion, thinly sliced
1 garlic clove, finely chopped
Pinch hot pepper flakes (optional)
1 tsp. smoked paprika
1 tbsp. flour
1 tbsp. tomato paste
1/4 cup sherry or brandy
2 cups beef stock, preferable good quality or homemade
1/2 cup whipping cream (35%)
1 bay leaf
1 tbsp. grainy mustard
3/4 cup sour cream, for serving
2 tbsp. chopped parsley and/or dill
Sprigs of parsley, for garnishing (optional)
Buttered Egg Noodles
3/4 pound egg noodles
3 tbsp. butter, cubed, for tossing with egg noodles

Directions:
Bring large pot of water to a boil. Generously salt. Add noodles and cook until al dente. Drain well and toss with butter.
Soak the dried porcini mushrooms in hot water until softened, about 15 minutes. Strain and reserve mushroom liquid. Chop and set aside.
Cut tenderloin into 3-inch x 1-inch x 1/2-inch thick slices. Season with salt and pepper.
Heat large skillet over medium high to high heat. Add 2 tbsp. olive oil and 2 tbsp. butter. When oil is hot and butter starts to melt, add beef slices to pan in batches to avoid overcrowding. Brown meat on both sides, about 2 to 3 minutes per side, adding more butter if pan looks dry. (Don’t overcook the beef, it should still be pink in the centre.) Transfer to plate.
Reduce heat to medium. If pan looks dry, add 1 more tbsp. of butter. Add onions and garlic, soaked and chopped porcini, hot pepper flakes and smoked paprika. Cook, stirring occasionally, until onions and garlic are soft and lightly golden, about 3 to 5 minutes.
Add flour. Stir and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in tomato paste and cook for 1 minute. Slowly, whisk in sherry and then beef stock. Bring to a boil and let reduce for 3 to 5 minutes. Add porcini liquid, cream and bay leaf. Reduce to a good simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally, until sauce thickens, about 10 to 15 minutes. Add beef and any juices back to the pan. Cook until beef is reheated, about 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in grainy mustard. Taste and adjust for seasoning. Stir in parsley and dill.
Serve over Buttered Egg Noodles and top with sour cream. Garnish with sprig of parsley, if desired.

Submitter: 
Sophie Pipilas
Description: 
Made with beef tenderloin, dried porcini, sherry and cream, this version of stroganoff is rich, creamy and flavourful
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
