URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64031671/inside-out-eggplant-parmesan-rolls/
Title:
inside-out eggplant parmesan rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
--Speedy Marinara Sauce--
2 large garlic cloves, smashed
2 T. olive oil
1 28-oz. diced tomatoes
Hefty pinch red pepper flakes
salt
--rolls--
2 slices large rustic bread, cut into 1/4th-inch cubes (1 3/4 c.)
1 T. olive oil
2 pounds large eggplant
1/2 finely chopped roasted red pepper
2 oz. fresh mozza, cut into 1/4-inch cubes
1/2 oz. grated parm-reg cheese
1 tsp. minced garlic
fresh basil for garnish

Directions:
For sauce, combine garlic and oil and cook just until golden, 3-5 minutes on low. Add the red pepper flakes and stir for 30 seconds. Add the tomatoes and hefty pinch of salt, bring to a boil, and cook at a brisk simmer for 20 minutes, or until sauce reduces to 2 1/2 cups.
For rolls, preheat oven to 400 and toss bread cubes with oil and a pinch of salt.  Spread on cookie sheet and bake on the oven's lower shelf until golden brown, 5 to 8 minutes. Transfer back to bowl.
Slice the eggplant top to bottom into 1/4 inch slices. Do not peel, but do discard ends.
Sprinkle lightly with salt on both sides and arrange in a single layer on two greased baking sheets. Brush with oil or spray.Bake until just barely golden, 16-20 minutes, switching the sheet pan locations from top to bottom rack and opposite.
Add the red pepper, cheeses, and garlic to bread cubes and toss well.
Pour half of the tomato sauce into the bottom of a shallow baking pan. Set aside
Arrange the eggplant slices on a kitchen surface, overlapping a few if they are too small.  You will need 12 portions. Divide the filling among the portions and roll them up. Place seam side down in the baking dish and spoon rest of sauce over the rolls.
Bake on the lower shelf until sauce is bubbling, 15-20 minutes.

Submitter: 
Susie
Description: 
I like this because it is not so cheesy as regular eggplant parmesan.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
