URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64033506/ridiculously-awesome-boneless-skinless-chicken-thighs-dinner-for-two-in-30-minutes/
Title:
Ridiculously Awesome Boneless Skinless Chicken Thighs Dinner for Two in 30 Minutes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tbsp fat or oil
4 boneless skinless chicken thighs
harissa as desired
1 large onion, cut into large slices
1 bay leaf
1/4 tsp ground cayenne pepper
1 tsp mustard seeds
1 tsp garlic powder
1 cup chicken broth
1/2 cup dry vermouth
1/2 cup couscous
1 12 oz. bag Kroger Private Selection Sweet & Savory Four Color Potato Medley, Green Beans, and Sugar Snap Peas

Directions:
Arrange chicken thighs on a plate or cutting board and liberally season on both sides with harissa.
Heat oil in Dutch oven or deep skillet.
Once oil is hot, add chicken thighs to pot. Brown on both sides, about 5 minutes per side.
Remove thighs to plate.
Preheat oven to 425.
Add onions to pot. Also add bay leaf, mustard seeds, cayenne pepper, and garlic powder. Saute onions until slightly tender but still a little white, about 8 minutes.
Add broth and vermouth and use a wooden spoon to scrape up all the good little bits from the pan. Bring to a simmer.
Put the frozen veggies on a baking sheet put in oven to roast.
Add chicken thighs and juices back to dutch oven and simmer for about 5 minutes, until the chicken is done.
Take 1/2 cup of liquid from the pot the chicken is in, put in a pot and bring to a boil. Add couscous, remove from heat and cover.
The chicken should've simmered for about 10 minutes now and should be done!
Put a bed of couscous on a plate and put the chicken thighs over it. Liberally spoon the remaining liquid and onions over the chicken and couscous. Put the veggies on the plate also. EATTT!

Submitter: 
Seth Kolloen
Description: 
Made this one night it a hurry and it was FANTASTIC.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
