URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64031401/bacon-wrapped-monkfish-with-pea-risotto/
Title:
Bacon Wrapped Monkfish with Pea Risotto Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1120294.jpg
Ingredients:
1 lb monkfish, cut into 1 inch medallions
1/2 lb bacon strips, partially cooked
2 cups chicken stock
1/4 cup wine
200 grams aborio rice
1/2 cup finely chopped onion
1 Tbsp Butter
1 Tbsp Olive Oil
2 Cups Peas, cooked
3Tbsp. Butter
Zest & Juice of 1 lemon

Directions:
Wrap the Bacon around the medallions.  Hold bacon with toothpicks.  This will keep the bacon in shape when cooking.
Put cast iron pan on Med High.  Sear fish for about 5-10 minutes turning every couple of minutes to get all parts of the bacon crispy.  The fish is cooked when it feels firm when pressed on top.
Cook peas according to package directions.  Place the cooked peas and 1/4 cup stock in a food processor and puree.  Put to one side.
Place the remaining stock in the saucepan and put onto a medium heat.  You want the stock to be simmering, but not boiling for when you add it to the risotto.
Melt the remaining butter and the Olive Oil in another saucepan.  Add the onion and fry for a few minutes.  Add the aborio rice and cook for a further two minutes stirring constantly.  Add the wine and let it cook off.
Add stock a ladle at a time, stirring constantly until the stock has absorbed and then repeating that process until the rice is al dente.  I find this method produces a creamier risotto, even if it is more work. Add the pureed peas and stir thoroughly.  Season the rice to taste.
To make the burnt lemon butter place the butter in a frying pan and melt.  When melted add the lemon zest.  Cook the butter gently until it starts to turn light brown and produces a nutty aroma.  Be careful as you don't want to actually burn the butter.  When ready add the lemon juice.
To serve spoon the risotto into the middle of a plate.  Slice the monkfish into about six pieces and place on top of the risotto.  Drizzle the lemon butter around the risotto.

Submitter: 
Kimberly
Description: 
Based on recipe at:
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
