URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64038569/kale-mushroom-polenta-pie/
Title:
Kale Mushroom Polenta Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1122829.jpg
Ingredients:
1 c. polenta, cooked in 2 c water til very thick
1 tsp. olive oil
1/2 large onion, chopped
2 cups mushrooms, chopped
4 cloves garlic, minced
1/2 bunch kale (about 8 ounces after trimming), center rib removed and chopped into bite-sized pieces, steamed 5-15 min to til tender
1 teaspoon dried basil
salt and pepper to taste
Cheese sauce (below)
1 1/4 cups spaghetti sauce (homemade or in a jar)
1/4 cup sliced, pitted black olives
vegan soy parmesan, opt
“Cheese” sauce:
3/4 cup extra-firm silken tofu
3/4 cup unsweetened soy milk
1 tsp. onion powder
1 1/2 tbsp. nutritional yeast
1/2 tsp. salt (optional)
1/8 tsp. white pepper
1 T. arrowroot

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375° F. Spray the bottom and sides of a 8×8-inch baking dish with non-stick spray and set aside. Start kale steaming. Add all the polenta to baking dish when it is done.
Place the cheese sauce ingredients into a blender or food processor and puree until completely smooth. Set aside.
Sauté the onions and mushrooms in a non-stick skillet until the mushrooms begin to exude their juices. Add the garlic, basil and sauté for one more minute. Add spaghetti sauce. Pour evenly over the polenta. Rinse pan to cook cheese sauce in it.
Heat the cheese sauce and cook, stirring, until thickened. Check seasoning and add salt and pepper if needed. Remove from the heat.
Spread kale over the sauce and sprinkle the chopped olives over the kale. Top with the cheese sauce and sprinkle with soy Parmesan, if using, or nutritional yeast.
Serve immediately or bake for 25 minutes. Remove from oven and allow to cool for 5 or 10 minutes before serving.
Makes 4 servings.

Submitter: 
Wilma Laura Wiggins
Description: 
Yummy vegan main dish. Serve with bread sticks and a salad for a complete vegan meal.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25min
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
