URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64046092/roasted-lettuce-radicchio-and-endive/
Title:
Roasted Lettuce, Radicchio and Endive Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1124790.jpg
Ingredients:
1 head of cleaned Romaine lettuce
2 heads of cleaned Belgium endive
1 head of cleaned Chicory endive or escarole
2 heads of cleaned Radicchio (preferably the long thin type but the round type is ok)
1 Tbsp dried oregano
1/2 Tbsp dried thyme
1 tsp fine salt
1 tsp ground pepper
1 tsp dried, ground hot peppers (optional)
3/4 cup pitted greek olives
1/2 cup capers
3 Tbsp olive oil
1/8 cup shredded romano cheese (optional)
Cooking string

Directions:
Preheat oven to 190°C or 375°F.
Combine the oregano, thyme, salt, pepper and hot pepper powder in a small bowl.
Put the olives and capers in another small bowl.
Cut each of the heads of lettuce in half, length-wise.
Was and pat dry each half.
Position them in a single layer on a baking dish lined with parchment paper.
Drizzle 3/4 of the oil over each lettuce head.
Add the spice mixture using your fingers to "stuff" the heads under the leaves.
Add the olives and capers in the same manner leaving the heads of lettuce to seem "stuffed" rather than just covered in the ingredients.
Close each of the heads of lettuce and wrap them together by using the food safe string.
Drizzle the remaining oil over the lettuce and bake for 10-15 minutes or until crispy and just beginning to wilt.
Take out of the oven and remove the string.
Sprinkle with cheese before serving (optional).

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
A Sicilian grandmother taught me to make roasted lettuces this way.  I like it for a change to serving salad.  Healthy and delicious most people like this served with crunchy bread.  This also works very well with omelettes in the morning or for brunch-leftovers can be easily re-heated in the microwave.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
