URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64040215/aunty-sharons-home-made-bread/
Title:
Aunty Sharon's Home Made Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 can evaporated milk
4 cups hot water
4 cups cold water
1cup lard
1/2 cup sugar
10 tsp. salt
2 cups warm water
3 tbsp yeast
1 tsp sugar.
~20 cups flour
1/2c Vegetable oil

Directions:
Combine yeast, 1 tsp. sugar, and 2 c warm water (85 degrees) in a small bowl. Stir using the bowl until the yeast fogs the water, and leave for 15 minutes to froth.
Microwave lard to liquefy, combine with 4c warm water, sugar, milk and salt in a large bowl.
Preheat oven to its minimum temperature, and shut it off when it reaches this.
When yeast is frothy, add 4 c cold water to the hot water and add the yeast mixture to the mixing bowl. Use a whisk to ensure all ingredients are blended.
Begin to add flour stirring with the whisk constantly. When dough begins to get sticky, switch to a wooden spoon to finish stirring in flour.
Once dough is on kneading surface, begin to knead, sprinkling about 1/4 c of flour at a time to the top of the loaf, then keep kneading in until dough is firm and elastic(about 10-15 minutes).
Wash out your largest mixing bowl, and grease all sides with vegetable oil. Put dough in bowl and ensure the oil is on all sides of the dough. Cover with plastic wrap, then a tea towel. Let rise in (turned off) oven until doubled. (about 90 minutes).
Punch down dough when doubled and let rise another hour. Take out 10 bread pans and use non-stick cooking spray to grease.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees
Separate dough into 2 pieces and form one half into five loaves. Let rise 30 minutes.
After first five loaves have risen 20 minutes, form other half of the dough into remaining five loaves.
Cook loaves five at a time for 25-30 minutes until browned, rotating back and front rows halfway through.
When loaves are browned, test to see if done by inverting one loaf with gloved hands. If the bread comes out of the pan easily it is ready.
Cool on wire racks, brush tops with butter if desired, freezes well, wait till cool to bag and

Submitter: 
Kookie
Description: 
This recipe is about 60 years old, and allows me to turn around $40 worth of ingredients into countless sandwiches, once in awhile you will get bought bread after trying this, and it will be an instant reminder why you make your own bread!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
3.5-4 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
