URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64049736/shellys-vegetable-lasagna/
Title:
Shelly's Vegetable Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1125917.jpg
Ingredients:
1 box of lasagna pasta (No-Boil)
6-8 cups of Shelly’s Homemade Italian Tomato Sauce or substitute with your favorite store-bought spaghetti sauce (See Footnotes)
1 package of button mushrooms or crimini mushrooms (sliced)
1 large zucchini (quartered)
1 yellow squash (quartered)
1 Italian eggplant (quartered)
1 large head of broccoli (cut into small bite-sized florets)
4 cloves of minced garlic
1 tsp of Italian seasoning (dried)
1 tsp of onion powder
2 tbsp of extra virgin olive oil
¾ tsp of sea salt
Pepper to taste
1 (16oz) container of low-fat cottage cheese
1 (8oz) container of parmesan or mixed Italian cheese
1 (16oz) bag of shredded mozzarella
Pam or other cooking spray

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375.  Grease 13x9x2 pan with cooking spray & set aside
Rinse all veggies thoroughly.  Remove stems from mushrooms & broccoli & slice them up
In a deep skillet or dutch oven pan, add olive oil & garlic over medium heat.  When garlic begins to sizzle, add mushrooms & broccoli.  (These get added first because they take a little longer to cook)
While the broccoli & mushrooms begin to cook, quarter your squash, zucchini, & eggplant & add them to the skillet as you go
Add Italian seasoning, onion powder, salt & pepper evenly over the veggies, mixing until covered evenly
Cover & cook for about 10 minutes or until broccoli just turns tender, stirring occasionally
Pour 2 cups of sauce on bottom of the baking dish & spread evenly
Add a single layer of lasagna pasta on top (break some small pieces to fill in gaps)
With a spoon, add a thick layer of cottage cheese over each piece of pasta
Sprinkle parmesan (or Italian cheese, whichever you’re using) over cottage cheese
Add the veggies over the cheese.  There should be just enough veggies to have a nice, even layer to completely cover the cheese
Grab the sauce & evenly spread it over the veggies in thin layer. Sprinkle mozzarella evenly over sauce
Add one more layer of lasagna noodles and cover with sauce and final layer of mozzarella & parmesan
Gently cover baking pan with aluminum foil. Try to make sure the aluminum doesn’t touch the top layer of cheese, otherwise it will stick.  Just arch (or poof up) the aluminum in the middle.
Place lasagna in the oven for 1 hour
Remove from oven at let it set for 10 minutes before serving

Submitter: 
Shelly
Description: 
A vegetarian version of lasagna with lots of flavor and of course, cheese! This is a great dish for those days you just don't feel like eating meat, but want something filling.  It's great with salad and garlic bread.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
