URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64051553/handcut-beef-chili-and-beans/
Title:
Handcut Beef Chili and Beans Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 Pounds Lean Grass-Fed Stew Beef
1 Medium Onion, Diced
5-6 Medium Cloves Garlic
1 tsp Sea Salt
1 tsp Cumin Powder
1/2 tsp each of; Black Pepper, Cayenne Pepper, Red Pepper Flakes, Sugar, Dry Garlic, Coriander
1/4 tsp Smoked Paprika
Dusting of Cinnamon, (Tones down Bitterness)
Dusting of Nutmeg, (Mystery Spice)
Olive oil or Clarified Butter
1/4 cup red wine, (box wine or old open wine is fine)
1 Large can Tomato Sauce
1 Can Red Chili beans, (with sauce-do not discard sauce)
1 Can white beans, (Drained)
1 Can black beans, (Drained)
1 Can red kidney beans, (Drained)

Directions:
-Cut stew beef into small, bite sized pieces removing any fat, gristle or silver skin.
-Heat an deep iron pot or stainless steel pot to 8/10 of full heat.
-Using Olive oil or Clarified Butter brown and sear stew beef pieces in tiny batches.
(It is important not to overcrowd the meat when searing and browning as you will sweat the meat when there is not enough room for the moisture to cook off and searing/browning to occur, patience is the key)
Set beef aside on large plate(s) to cool and stop cooking as you finish each batch.
-Add a bit of oil or clarified butter to pan with all the brown bits on the bottom, let shimmer
-Add onion and garlic and saute until clear and starting to brown
-Add red wine to de-glaze and remove bits of brown
-Let wine cook down to remove the alcohol and moisture
-Add can of tomato sauce, chili beans with sauce and 3 cans of beans, (drained) and stir.
-Reduce heat to simmer.
-Add dry ingredients.
-Let simmer 2-3 hours.  If in a hurry you can cook this in 60-90 minutes on a high simmer.
-As an alternative you can prepare all this in an oven safe casserole or pot to slide it in the oven at 325 for 2 hours for even, no touch cooking.
-3rd option is a slow cooker.
-Remove from heat and serve.

Submitter: 
Ed Price
Description: 
This stew beef chili beats ground meat chili 10x all day.

Once you take the time to do this you'll wonder why you didn't discover this classic sooner.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20-30 m
Ready in:
2-3 h
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
NA
