URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64059215/mushroom-melt-stuffed-chicken/
Title:
Mushroom Melt Stuffed Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/4 cup butter
1 large onion, finely chopped
1/2 pound button mushrooms, chopped
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 cup Italian seasoned bread crumbs
12 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
12 slices Black Forest ham
2 cups shredded Havarti-pepper cheese
24 slices bacon

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Heat butter in a skillet over medium heat; cook and stir the onion and mushrooms with salt and pepper until the mushrooms are dark and juicy, about 5 minutes. Remove skillet from heat and stir in the bread crumbs. Set aside.
Place each chicken breast half between two sheets of heavy plastic (resealable freezer bags work well) on a solid, level surface. Firmly pound the chicken with the smooth side of a meat mallet to an thickness of about 1/4 inch. Lay a flattened chicken breast out onto a work surface, and place a slice of ham on the chicken. Spoon about 3 tablespoons of the mushroom stuffing onto the chicken breast, and top with about 2 1/2 tablespoons of the Havarti cheese. Roll the chicken breast around the stuffing, wrap 2 slices of bacon firmly around each roll, and secure with toothpicks. Place the rolls into a 9x13-inch baking dish.
Bake in the preheated oven until the chicken is no longer pink and the stuffing is melted and hot, about 35 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of a roll should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Remove the chicken rolls from the oven, and place an oven rack about 6 inches from the oven's broiler heat source. Turn on the broiler, and broil the rolls until the bacon is brown, 5 to 10 more minutes.

Submitter: 
ChezSue
Description: 
Boneless chicken breasts are rolled around a savory mushroom filling, ham, and Havarti-pepper cheese, then wrapped in bacon and baked for an impressive main dish with a meltingly rich flavor.Modified from: Mushroom Melt Stuffed Chicken
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
