URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64056671/freedom-bread/
Title:
Freedom Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups millet flour
1/2 cup teff flour
1 cup sorghum flour
1 cup cornstarch (or double the potato starch if you can’t eat corn)
1 cup potato starch
1 cup tapioca flour
4 tsp xanthan gum
1 Tbsp salt
1/2 cup sugar
2 Tbsp active dry yeast (not rapid rise)
4 tsp olive oil
3 1/4 cup warm water (not hot)

Directions:
Combine dry ingredients in a large mixing bowl. Add water & oil. Mix with electric mixer–using paddle attachment if you have them, or regular beaters for two minutes.  The bread dough will be more like cake batter than traditional bread dough.
For the best rising: While mixing the bread, create a proofing box from your microwave. Microwave a small mug or ramekin with water until the water boils.  Leave the water in the microwave.  Pour the bread dough into two nonstick or well-greased pans.  Tuck the loaves into the microwave with the water—the container of water should not be touching the pans. (I have to remove the turntable in my microwave to do this.) Allow to rise until batter reaches the top of the pans–generally 30-50 minutes.
Standard method: Pour into two nonstick or well-greased loaf pans, place on a warm surface (such as on top of the pre-heated oven), and cover with a towel. Allow to rise until batter reaches the top of the pan–generally 50-70 minutes. (Batter should take up about half the loaf pan before rising.)
Bake at 400 degrees for 10 minutes. Remove loaf pans from oven and cover with aluminum foil. Return to oven and bake for an additional 35-45 minutes, depending on your oven. (Insert a toothpick or knife into the center to see if it comes out clean or doughy, if you aren’t sure when you pull out the bread.)

Submitter: 
Wilma Laura Wiggins
Description: 
Great Gluten-Free, Soy-Free, Dairy-Free, Egg-Free, & Vegan Bread
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 min
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
