URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64057610/sage-meatballs-with-red-wine-reduction-and-vegetable-melody/
Title:
Sage Meatballs with Red Wine Reduction and Vegetable Melody Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
VEGETABLE MELODY
4 small (8") Italian eggplants, 1/2" slices
1 tablespoon of sea salt
3 small (8") zucchini, 1/2" diagonal slices
1 large red bell pepper, sliced
1 medium red onion, sliced
refined olive oil
pinch of powdered rosemary
sea salt and 4-pepper blend to taste
MASHED POTATOES WITH GARLIC
2 1/2 pounds of potatoes
3 large cloves of garlic
sea salt to taste
lard and/or dairy-free margarine to taste
SAGE MEAT BALLS WITH RED WINE REDUCTION
1 egg
1 small onion, coarsely chopped
1/4 teaspoon turmeric
1/4 teaspoon ground rosemary
sea salt and 4-pepper blend to taste
16 sage leaves, finely chopped
2 pounds of medium ground beef
bacon grease
1/2 cup of red wine

Directions:
VEGETABLE MELODY: Add eggplant to a large bowl and cover with water and sea salt. Allow the eggplant to soak for at least 3 hours to remove any bitter black juices. Place a weight on top of the eggplant to keep it submerged in the salt water if necessary. Rinse the eggplant well before frying it. Fry the eggplant in refined olive oil until it is well browned on both sides. Eggplant usually absorbs a lot of oil, so keep an eye on it. Transfer the eggplant to a dish in a toaster oven to keep warm. Repeat with the zucchini. Saute the red pepper and red onion together in olive oil until soft, and then add the eggplant, zucchini, rosemary, sea salt, and 4-pepper blend to the pan and mix everything together. Keep the vegetable melody warm in the toaster oven until the rest of the meal is ready.
MASHED POTATOES WITH GARLIC: Boil potatoes, garlic, and sea salt together until the potatoes are soft. Drain and mash, and add fat to taste. Keep warm as necessary.
SAGE MEAT BALLS WITH RED WINE REDUCTION: Puree onion with an egg until liquid in a mini food processor. Add turmeric, rosemary, sea salt, and 4-pepper blend and process 10 seconds more to distribute seasonings evenly throughout the onion mixture. Add sage and pulse 3 seconds more being careful not to over mix as to leave pieces of sage leaf still intact. Mix the onion mixture into the ground beef. Form 1" balls using a coffee scoop or meatballer, and fry in bacon grease until cooked through and well browned. Pour red wine into the pan and let it evaporate. Serve the meat balls hot in their juices with the vegetable sides.

Submitter: 
User3075642
Description: 
Manella on THEBUZZ gave me some ideas to help me to come up with an Italian-inspired meal (note 1) that I could adapt to my family's personal taste, dietary needs (grain-free and dairy-free), and dietary habits (full-fat traditional foods). The result was a very delicious easy-to-prepare guest-worthy meal. Thank you Manella!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
