URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64050783/perfect-shrimp-scampi/
Title:
Perfect Shrimp Scampi Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb. of linguine
2 Tbls butter
2 Tbls EVOO
1 lb. fresh med/large shrimp, deveined and shelled, tails removed
1/2 cup finely chopped shallot or green onion
4 good sized cloves of garlic, minced
1/4 teas red pepper flakes, or to taste
1/2 cup good dry white wine
2 Tbsp FRESH lemon juice
1/3 cup loose pack chopped fresh parsley
Sea salt and fresh ground pepper to taste
Freshly grated Parmesan to taste

Directions:
In a large stock pot, boil water to cook pasta.  As water is heating prep your shrimp, finely chop your shallot and parsley then mince your garlic.  When water comes to a full boil add pasta and turn heat to just above med high and cook to al dente.
While pasta is boiling,  over medium heat, add the butter and EVOO to a large skillet.  When butter is melted, add  the onion and sauté  for about 2 min, do not let them burn.  Then add the garlic and red pepper flakes give a good stir to combine,  gentle pour in white wine and lemon juice, add sea salt and fresh pepper to taste.  Let sauce reduce a bit  about 3-5 min.  This is where you add your reserved 1/2 cup of pasta water and 1 Tbsp of Parmesan, stir sauce to thicken a bit and add your shrimp, sauté until  just pink.  While you are sauteing your shrimp it will also be time to drain your pasta and return to pot.  When the shrimp are cooked through, pour shrimp and sauce over hot pasta and stir to combine.  Transfer to a warmed serving platter or large shallow bowl, sprinkle with fresh parsley and additional Parmesan to taste.  Serve immediately with garlic bread, a crisp green salad and a good Pinot Grigio.

Submitter: 
Mary P.
Description: 
After many attempts at the perfect Scampi, this is the recipe my family likes the best
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
30
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
