URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64055632/stuffed-french-toast-roll-ups/
Title:
Stuffed French Toast Roll Ups Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1127875.jpg
Ingredients:
Ingredients
16 - 20 slices sandwich bread (I used the long square shape loaf)
1/2 pint fresh blueberries
4 large eggs
1/2 cup milk
1/2 tsp vanilla extract
2 Tbsp all-purpose flour
1/2 tsp baking powder
1 pinch ground nutmeg
2 Tbsp butter, melted
1/3 cup granulated sugar
1 1/4 tsp cinnamon
Dipping Sauce
3 oz cream cheese, softened
3 oz butter, softened
1 cup powdered sugar
1 1/2 - 2 Tbsp milk
1/2 tsp vanilla extract

Directions:
1st The cream cheese dipping sauce:
In a mixing bowl, using and electric hand mixer, whip together cream cheese and butter until smooth and fluffy. Add in powdered sugar, milk and vanilla and whip until well blended and fluffy. Set aside.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Stack bread into stacks of 4 slices, then trim crusts from bread. Working with one piece of bread at a time, use a rolling pin to flatten bread. Evenly spread 1 tsp cream cheese dipping sauce just onto one half of the bread, then align a row of blueberries over cream cheese. Roll bread to opposite end and set aside, seem side down. Repeat with remaining slices of bread. Mix together eggs, milk, vanilla, flour, baking powder and nutmeg. Mix on low speed 10 - 15 seconds until well blended. Pour into a bowl and dip roll ups into egg mixture, allowing seconds to absorb liquid. Transfer to a well greased baking sheet (I didn't grease mine enough and I had about 3 of them stick, but place over foil paper then grease). Bake in preheated oven 9 minutes, then remove from oven. Brush tops lightly with melted butter than rotate French toast roll ups to opposite side and brush lightly with melted butter. Return to oven to bake 8 - 12 minutes longer until cooked through.
In a small bowl whisk together granulated sugar and cinnamon. Once French toast roll ups are cool enough to handle, immediately dip and roll in cinnamon sugar mixture to evenly coat. Serve warm with cream cheese dipping sauce.

Submitter: 
Mrs Sarah
Description: 
Blueberry stuffed French toast roll ups.... YUM!! These are amazing and will go quick! Seconds please!!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
