URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64064442/cross-rib-roast/
Title:
Cross Rib Roast Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (5 pound) beef cross rib roast
1/4 cup Dijon mustard
10 large cloves garlic, crushed
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 tablespoon garlic powder
1/2 teaspoon salt, or to taste
1 tablespoon dry mustard powder
2 tablespoons light olive oil
1 tablespoon paprika, plus more for sprinkling
1 1/4 cups water
1/2 cup red wine
1 (1 ounce) package dry onion soup mix
2 beef bouillon cubes
3 cloves garlic, crushed, or to taste
1 (10.75 ounce) can  condensed golden mushroom soup

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Place the roast into a roasting pan. In a bowl, mix the Dijon mustard, 10 cloves of garlic, black pepper, garlic powder, salt, dry mustard powder, olive oil, and 1 tablespoon of paprika into a paste. Spread the paste over the top and sides of the roast. Pour the water and red wine into the roasting pan, and sprinkle in the dry onion soup mix. Drop in the beef bouillon cubes. Sprinkle the top of the roast generously with more paprika and 3 more crushed cloves of garlic. Cover the roast with aluminum foil.
Roast in the preheated oven for 1 hour, and reduce temperature to 350 degrees C (175 degrees C). Roast until the meat is tender, about 2 more hours, basting occasionally with pan liquid. Remove foil during last 30 minutes of roasting to help brown the meat. Remove roast to a platter.
Place roasting pan over medium heat, and bring the liquid to a simmer. Scrape up and dissolve any brown flavor bits from the bottom of the pan into the liquid. Stir the golden mushroom soup into the pan drippings until the gravy is smooth and thickened. To serve, slice the roast, pour hot gravy over the slices, and serve with remaining gravy.

Submitter: 
Dawnby
Description: 
A braised cross rib chuck roast has plenty of flavorful gravy to accompany the tender beef.Modified from: Cross Rib Roast
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
3 h 25 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
