URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64069096/spicy-wasabi-pork-quinoa-stir-fry/
Title:
Spicy Wasabi Pork & Quinoa Stir-Fry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1277660.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup quinoa
2 cups of water
3 boneless pork chops, tenderized and chopped into bite size pieces
1 red pepper, roughly chopped
1 carrot, sliced into strips/straws
1/2 medium size zucchini, sliced into strips/straws
2 heads of broccoli, roughly chopped
1 red onion, finely diced
5 cloves of garlic, finely diced
1 cup of sliced mushrooms
Marinade:
1/3 cup of soy sauce
2 tbsp hoisin sauce
1 tbsp oyster sauce
1 tbsp sesame oil
2 tbsp sweet thai chili sauce
2 tbsp rice wine vinegar
1 tbsp chili paste (sriracha)
1 1/2 tbsp wasabi paste
2 tsp garlic powder
1 tsp onion powder
1 tsp pepper
1 tsp 5 spice
Optional Extra Sauce for Stir-Fry (mix together):
3 tbsp soy suace
2 tsp wasabi paste
1 tsp hoisin

Directions:
Mix all ingredients in the marinade together and pour over the pork pieces, making sure they are well covered/submerged. Marinate for 8 hours to overnight.
Set a medium size pot to medium high heat and bring 2 cups of water to a boil. Add quinoa, turn heat low and cover. Let it simmer for 20 minutes until the quinoa is clear and fluffy.
Set a large skillet or wok to medium high heat. Add the pork with the marinade and stir frequently.
Cook for approximately 3-4 minutes until the pork is no longer pink.
Remove the pork to a side dish leaving the excess liquid in the skillet.
Add all the veggies, stirring frequently to ensure they mix thoroughly with the sauce in the skillet. Cook until they begin to soften but still have a firm texture, approximately 3-4 minutes
Add the quinoa and the extra sauce if there is not enough in the skillet to coat the quinoa. Mix thoroughly for a couple of minutes. Add in the pork and mix thoroughly until everything is well combined.
Remove from heat and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Raquel Teixeira
Description: 
People think quinoa is a boring health food. However, I consider it to be a blank slate awaiting a punch full of flavour and pairing with ingredients that make it go from healthy eating to comfort-food eating! This spicy dish has and will continue to convert the quinoa doubters.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
