URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64067423/pot-roast-and-red-potatoes-with-mushroom-gravy/
Title:
Pot Roast and Red Potatoes with Mushroom Gravy Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 2-3lb chuck roast
1 package portebella mushrooms
6 medium red potatoes, halved
1/4 cup diced onion
2 cups stock plus more
olive oil
seasoning: salt, pepper, garlic, chili powder
Gravy:
1/4 cup olive oil
1/4 cup flour
reserved stock from meat plus more if needed
seasonings (I like thyme, pepper and garlic)

Directions:
Season the beef to your liking then drizzle with olive oil, cover with plastic wrap and allow to rest 30 minutes at room temperature.
Wash potatoes and cut them in half; dice onion and slice mushrooms.
Heat about 3 tablespoons olive oil on high heat; sear the meat on both sides then remove from the pan and place in a medium sized baking dish.
Add the potatoes to the hot pan and cook in the oil 3-4 minutes, add mushrooms and onions and cook a few more minutes.  Place them in with the meat, pour the stock over top.
Cover with foil and bake in the oven on 275 for one hour then raise heat to 325 and bake another hour; remove potatoes to the serving platter with a slotted spoon, cover and keep warm.  Continue to cook the beef until tender, another 30 minutes if needed.  Take the roast out and place it on a platter and cover with foil; reserve the stock for gravy.
Heat a sauce pan on med-low; add olive oil and whisk in flour and cook until bubbly and the color is golden brown.  Whisk in the reserved stock to the pan and cook until thickened.  Add more stock if needed.  Taste for salt and seasonings.
Slice beef and place in between the potatoes.  Pour gravy over the meat when ready to serve.

Submitter: 
Traci-in-Cali
Description: 
Delicious pot roast that is fork tender.  The gravy has  mushroom and onion flavor so be sure to serve it with some French bread to soak it all up!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
