URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64066455/vitas-cinnamon-rolls-with-orange-cream-cheese-frosting/
Title:
Vita's Cinnamon Rolls with Orange Cream Cheese Frosting Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pkg yeast
1/2 c water
1 t plus 1/2 c raw sugar
1 1/4 c milk
1/2 butter
2 eggs, beaten
1 T vanilla extract
5 c white flour
1 t salt
Vita's secret spice mixture:
1 T cinnamon
1/2 t nutmeg
1 star anise pod, ground fresh
1 t ground coriander
1 c brown sugar
1 c butter, very soft
Icing:
6 oz cream cheese, softened
1/2 c cream
1/2 t vanilla
1 t orange zest
2 T orange juice
1 1/2 c powdered sugar

Directions:
For the bread:  Add 1/2 c butter, cut into pieces, to the milk in a glass measuring cup and scald the milk in the microwave for about 2 minutes.  Let cool to room temperature or a tiny bit warmer.
In a small bowl, mix 1/2 c lukewarm water with 1 t sugar and sprinkle yeast on top.  Let it get foamy.
In a large bowl, beat together 1/2 c sugar, eggs, and vanilla.  Stir in cooled milk-and-butter mixture and add the yeast mix.  Stir in flour and salt until it is saturated.  (Dough will be sticky.)  Turn it out onto a floured surface and knead thoroughly until it is pliant and warm, like baby skin, about 15 minutes, adding flour as required.  Return the dough to a large oiled bowl and turn it so the oil covers the entire ball.  Cover with a thin, damp towel and set it in a warm, draft-free place to rise until doubled in bulk.
When the dough has risen, mix together brown sugar and spices and set aside.  Prepare 3 13x9 inch pans with sides by cutting parchment paper to fit the bottoms.
Turn the dough out again onto a lightly floured surface and gently fold it down, then roll it out into a large, thin rectangle.  Spread butter over the entire surface and sprinkle it with the spices and sugar.  Roll it neatly from the long end and pinch the edges closed.  Slice it into 2 inch pieces and put them in the pans approximately 1 1/2 inches apart to give them room to rise again.  Let rise for an hour and then bake for 2-25 min in a 350 degree oven until golden brown and bubbly.
While the rolls are baking, prepare the icing by mixing all ingredients together until smooth.  Drizzle over the rolls while still warm.  Serve immediately or microwave for 30 seconds before serving.

Submitter: 
It's A New Day
Description: 
Original recipe from novel by Barbara O'Neal entitled The Secret of Everything.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
