URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64067027/bacon-and-egg-pie/
Title:
bacon and egg pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the rich shortcrust pastry
275g/9¾oz plain flour
pinch of fine salt
135g/4½oz cold unsalted butter, cubed
1 medium free-range egg, beaten
1 tsp lemon juice
For the filling
1 tbsp vegetable oil
1 large onion, finely chopped
1 garlic clove, crushed
200g/7oz unsmoked streaky bacon, cut into cubes
200g/7oz pork loin, cut into roughly 1.5cm/½in cubes
5 medium free-range eggs
100g/3½oz cream cheese
100g/3½oz mature cheddar, grated
1 tbsp chopped chives
1 free-range egg, beaten, to glaze
salt and freshly ground black pepper

Directions:
To make the pastry, put the flour and salt in a bowl. Add the butter and rub it in lightly with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs.
Mix the egg with the lemon juice and three tablespoons of water. Make a well in the centre of the mixture and pour some of the egg mix. Using a table knife, work in just enough liquid to bring the pastry together. When the dough begins to stick together, use your hands to gently knead it into a ball. Wrap the pastry in cling film and put in the fridge to rest for about 30 minutes.
For the filling, heat the oil in a large frying pan over a medium-low heat and add the onion and garlic. Cook gently until soft.
Add the bacon and pork, increase the heat a little, and cook for about 10 minutes, until any liquid from the meat has been driven off. Leave to cool completely.
Preheat the oven to 200C/400F.
Beat two of the eggs with the cream cheese until smooth. Add the cheddar and chives and season with salt and pepper. Stir in the cooled bacon mixture.
Roll out two-thirds of the pastry and use it to line the cake tin. Roll out the remaining pastry ready to form the lid.
Put the filling mix into the pastry case. Make three evenly spaced depressions in the filling and crack the remaining eggs into them.
Brush the rim of the pastry with beaten egg and place the lid on top. Press the edges to seal and trim off the excess neatly. Brush the top of the pie with more beaten egg and make a steam hole in the center.
10.Bake in the oven for 50-55 minutes, until golden-brown. Leave the pie to settle for at least 15 minutes before cutting. It is delicious hot or cold.

Submitter: 
cruella
Description: 
yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
