URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64066998/cheese-and-onion-pie/
Title:
cheese and onion pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the pastry
450g/1lb plain flour, plus extra for dusting
2 tsp baking powder
½ tsp salt
120g/4½oz unsalted butter, plus extra for greasing
1 free-range egg yolk
50g/2oz parmesan cheese (or a similar vegetarian hard cheese), grated
120ml/4fl oz water
1 free-range egg, beaten, for glazing
For the filling
1 medium potato, peeled and cut into cubes
2 onions, finely sliced
1 tbsp plain flour
50ml/2oz whole milk
50ml/2oz double cream
150g/5½oz mature cheddar cheese, grated
½ tsp English mustard
½ tsp cayenne pepper
salt and freshly ground black pepper

Directions:
For the pastry, pulse the flour, baking powder, salt, butter and egg yolk in a food processor until the mixture resembles breadcrumbs. Add the grated parmesan and stir until well combined.
Gradually add the water, a tablespoon at a time, mixing continuously until the mixture just comes together as a dough. Roll the dough into a ball, then wrap it in cling film and chill in the fridge for an hour.
Bring a saucepan of salted water to the boil. Add the potato pieces to the pan and cook until tender.
Bring a large saucepan of water to the boil, add the sliced onions and cook for 2-3 minutes. Drain well.
Sprinkle the onions with the flour and stir well. Add the milk and cream and heat the mixture over a medium heat for 3-4 minutes, stirring continuously, until the liquid is smooth and has thickened. Add the cooked potatoes, grated cheese, mustard and cayenne pepper and stir well. Season with salt and black pepper, then set the filling mixture aside.
Preheat the oven to 180C/350F. Grease a deep 20cm/8in pie tin with butter. Add a small amount of flour, turn the tin, then shake out any excess.
Roll out two thirds of the dough until it is almost twice as wide as the diameter of the pie tin. Using the rolling pin, lift the pastry and lay it over the pie tin, trimming off any excess, then prick the base with a fork.
Blind bake in the oven for 10-15 minutes, until the pastry is golden-brown. Remove from the oven, set the pastry aside to cool. Pour the cool pie filling into the pastry case.
Roll the remaining pastry out until it is slightly larger than the diameter of the pie tin. Brush the rim of the pastry case with beaten egg and place the pastry lid on top and crimp. Cut steam holes.
Brush with beaten egg, bake 30 min until golden.

Submitter: 
cruella
Description: 
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.............
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
