URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64061386/seven-layer-24-hour-salad/
Title:
Seven Layer 24 hour Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1-1/2 to 2 cups of real mayonnaise
1 packet of dry ranch dressing mix
2 tablespoons of sugar
4 tablespoons of half and half or milk
1 large head of iceberg lettuce, shredded
8 Roma tomatoes, cleaned, seeded and dried well, chopped
Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper
7-8 boiled eggs, reserve a couple for slicing
1 to 1-1/2 cups of frozen green peas, lightly steamed
1/2 to 1 cup of chopped celery
8 slices of cooked bacon, chopped
1 to 1-1/2 cups of cheddar cheese, shredded
Sliced green onion or chopped fresh herbs, to garnish

Directions:
Mix the mayo, ranch dressing mix, sugar and half and half together; set aside.
In a small, clear glass bowl, add half of the shredded lettuce. Lightly squeeze the chopped tomato in layers of paper towels. Sprinkle the tomatoes on top of the lettuce layer, sprinkling all around the outside edges first and working toward the middle. Sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper.
Slice enough of the boiled eggs to line completely around the outside of the dish first, then chop the remaining eggs and sprinkle all around the inside on top of the tomatoes.
Add the peas, again starting from the outside edges and toward the middle. Repeat with the chopped celery. Sprinkle lightly with more salt and pepper.
Add the remaining shredded lettuce, top with the chopped bacon and the shredded cheese. Drop the dressing over the top in dollops and spread evenly across the top all the way to the edges, sealing the salad. Refrigerate for up to 24 hours.
Before serving add sliced green onion.
Serve using salad tongs to get all layers in each serving or toss entire salad before serving.

Submitter: 
Sudie B
Description: 
A wonderful make-ahead main dish recipe. Great for potlucks.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min.
Ready in:
24 hrs
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
