URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64066460/hearty-cinnamon-raisin-bread/
Title:
Hearty Cinnamon Raisin Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 c water
1 t vanilla
1 c raisins
1 1/4 c milk, scalded
1 stick butter
1 c rolled oats
3 T sugar, divided
1 packet yeast (1/4 ounce)
2 c white flour
2 c whole-wheat flour
1 T salt
1 T cinnamon
1-2 c white flour for kneading

Directions:
To prepare for bread, begin by soaking the raisins in 1 c of water and 1 t of vanilla.  Set aside.  Scald the milk and let the butter melt in it; let cool and pour over raw rolled oats.
When raisins and oatmeal have soaked for 30 minutes, pour 1/2 c of lukewarm water into a small bowl along with 1 T sugar and stir until sugar is dissolved.  Add yeast to proof, set aside.
Combine the 4 c of flour, oats-and-milk mixture, yeast-and-water mixture, remaining sugar, salt, and cinnamon in a large bowl until the dough holds together (it may be sticky at this point).  Generously dust a work surface with white flour and begin the kneading, adding flour as needed.  Knead for at least 5 minutes, and then mix in the drained raisins until they're evenly distributed through the dough.  Put in a large oiled bowl, turn the dough so it is entirely coated with oil, and cover with a thin, damp cloth.  Let rise in a warm place for 1 hour.
When the dough has doubled, turn it again onto a lightly dusted surface and punch it down.  Divide the dough in two, shape the loaves, and dust off as much flour as you can.  Nestle into greased pans to rise for another 90 minutes.
Bakes at 375 degrees for approximately 40 minutes.  Bread is done when it is nicely browned and you can hear a hollow sound when you thump the bottom.

Submitter: 
It's A New Day
Description: 
Original recipe from novel by Barbara O'Neal entitled The Secret of Everything.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
