URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64077924/hassleback-sweet-potatoes/
Title:
HassleBack Sweet Potatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Hasselback Sweet Potatoes
7 Reviews
Recipe courtesy of Food Network Kitchen
Recipe courtesy Food Network Kitchens
Hasselback Sweet Potatoes
Total Time:
1 hr 10 min
Prep:
10 min
Cook:
1 hr
Yield:4 servings
Level:Easy
NUTRITION INFO
HEALTHY
490
Ingredients
4 medium sweet potatoes
1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted
1 teaspoon olive oil
1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves
1 garlic clove, finely grated on a microplane
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
1/3 cup nonfat Greek-style yogurt
1 scallion, white and green parts chopped
Directions
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.
Make a series of 1/8-inch slices along each potato, slicing 2/3 of the way through.
Stir together the butter, oil, thyme, garlic, 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a small bowl. Rub the potatoes all over with the mixture, getting in between the slices.
Place on the baking sheet and roast until the center of the potatoes are tender and the outside is crisp, 50 minutes to 1 hour. Halfway through the roasting time, remove the potatoes from the oven and run a fork gently across the tops of the potatoes, using light pressure, to fan the slices and separate them from one another.
Meanwhile, stir the yogurt and scallions with a pinch salt and a pinch pepper. Serve the sauce with the potatoes.
Read more at:

Directions:
Directions
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.
Make a series of 1/8-inch slices along each potato, slicing 2/3 of the way through.
Stir together the butter, oil, thyme, garlic, 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a small bowl. Rub the potatoes all over with the mixture, getting in between the slices.
Place on the baking sheet and roast until the center of the potatoes are tender and the outside is crisp, 50 minutes to 1 hour. Halfway through the roasting time, remove the potatoes from the oven and run a fork gently across the tops of the potatoes, using light pressure, to fan the slices and separate them from one another.
Meanwhile, stir the yogurt and scallions with a pinch salt and a pinch pepper. Serve the sauce with the potatoes.
Read more at:

Submitter: 
Robert Smith
Description: 
Sliced Sweet Potatoes
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
1hr 10
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
