URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64072606/ina-gartens-perfect-roasted-chicken/
Title:
Ina Garten's Perfect Roasted Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1133116.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (5 to 6 pound) roasting chicken
Kosher salt
Freshly ground black pepper
1 large bunch fresh thyme, plus 20 sprigs
1 lemon, halved
1 head garlic, cut in half crosswise
2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter, melted
1 large yellow onion, thickly sliced
4 carrots cut into 2-inch chunks
1 bulb of fennel, tops removed, and cut into wedges
Olive oil
Webers Normandy Brine recipe:
2 cups apple cider
1/3 cup packed dark brown sugar
1/3 cup kosher salt
4 fresh thyme sprigs
6 whole cloves, smashed
1 tablespoon yellow mustard seed
2 teaspoons black peppercorns
2 bay leaves, torn
Enough water to cover chicken in a bowl.

Directions:
Before you roast your chicken: Allow it to brine for at least 2 hours.
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.
Remove the chicken giblets. Rinse the chicken inside and out. Remove any excess fat and leftover pin feathers and pat the outside dry. Liberally salt and pepper the inside of the chicken. Stuff the cavity with the bunch of thyme, both halves of lemon, and all the garlic. Brush the outside of the chicken with the butter and sprinkle again with salt and pepper. Tie the legs together with kitchen string and tuck the wing tips under the body of the chicken. Place the onions, carrots, and fennel in a roasting pan. Toss with salt, pepper, 20 sprigs of thyme, and olive oil. Spread around the bottom of the roasting pan and place the chicken on top.
Roast the chicken for 1 1/2 hours, or until the juices run clear when you cut between a leg and thigh. Remove the chicken and vegetables to a platter and cover with aluminum foil for about 20 minutes. Slice the chicken onto a platter and serve it with the vegetables.

Submitter: 
Sabrina Sperry
Description: 
Hands down the best roasted whole chicken. Thanks to Ina Garten and Weber for their great recipes. The combination in magical!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 h, 30 m
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
