URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64077032/grilled-shrimp-greek-pitas/
Title:
Grilled Shrimp Greek Pitas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1141537.jpg
Ingredients:
1 lb. fresh shrimp (31-40 ct.)peeled and deveined
1 small red onion, thinly sliced
1 tablespoon olive oil
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 lemon, thinly sliced
6 Greek pita flatbreads
2 cups chopped romaine lettuce
1 cup fresh cherry or grape tomatoes, quartered
YOGURT SAUCE INGREDIENTS:
1 (5.3 ounce) container plain Greek yogurt
1 tablespoon snipped fresh basil
1 tablespoon snipped fresh dill weed
1 large clove garlic, crushed
1/4 tsp. kosher salt
1/4 tsp. pepper

Directions:
Thaw shrimp if frozen. Preheat grill to medium heat.
Tear off an 18x18-inch sheet of Reynolds Wrap(R) Heavy Duty Aluminum Foil. Place sliced onion in the center of the sheet. Top with shrimp. Drizzle with the olive oil and sprinkle with the salt and black pepper. Top with lemon slices. Bring up foil sides. Double-fold top and ends to seal packet, leaving room for heat circulation inside.
Stack flatbreads; wrap tightly in heavy duty aluminum foil.
Grill shrimp packet over medium heat in covered grill 12 to 15 minutes.
Add the flatbread packet to the grill for the last 5 minutes of cooking to warm through, turning once. Remove all from grill.
Open packets carefully by cutting along top folds with a sharp knife, allowing steam to escape. Then open top of foil. Discard lemon slices.
Assemble pita sandwiches by topping with the shrimp, onions, lettuce, and tomatoes. Fold in half to serve. In a small bowl, mix together the yogurt, basil, dill, salt, pepper and garlic. Serve over pita sandwiches.

Submitter: 
Lillian
Description: 
Tuck grilled shrimp, lettuce, and onion inside a pita, and pair with a yogurt dip for a refreshing summertime lunch.Modified from: Grilled Salmon Greek Pitas
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
29 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
