URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64086321/big-rays-tangy-sweet-and-sour-country-style-pork-ribs/
Title:
Big Ray's Tangy Sweet And Sour Country Style Pork Ribs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1174017.jpg
Ingredients:
4 lbs country style park ribs (about 1-inch thick) seasoned salt
fresh ground black pepper
2 medium onions, chopped
2 Tbl fresh minced garlic (or to taste)
1 large green bell pepper, seeded and sliced
1 tsp dried red pepper flakes (or to taste)
1 3/4 cups ketchup
2/3 cup honey
1/2 cup cider vinegar
1/4 cup Worcestershire sauce
2 Tbl Worcestershire sauce
2 lemons, juice of, fresh
2 Tbl mustard powder
3 tsp bottled horseradish sauce

Directions:
Preheat oven to broil degrees.
Grease a 13 x 9-inch baking dish.
Season the ribs with seasoning salt and pepper.
Broil the pork ribs on both sides (about 4 minutes per side, make certain to brown well on each side!).
Transfer the ribs to the prepared baking dish (cut them if needed to fit in the dish).
Top the ribs with green bell pepper slices.
In a medium saucepan add in about 4 tablespoons oil (or more) and saute the onions, garlic and dryed pepper flakes for about 4 minutes or until soft.
Add in the ketchup, honey, cider vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, juice from 2 lemons, dry mustard powder and horseradish; mix to combine and simmer for 25-30 minutes, adjusting ingredients to taste and seasoning with black pepper (do not add in salt as the ribs already have salt on them, add in salt if needed when cooking in the oven).
Pour the sauce over the browned pork ribs in the baking dish.
Cover tightly with heavy foil.
Bake for 1 hour.
Uncover and season sauce with salt if desired and turn the ribs over with long tongs.
Place back in the over uncovered until tender about 20-30 minutes longer or until the pork is tender.
Skim off any fat from the top of the sauce.

Submitter: 
bfr610
Description: 
This was a GREAT fall-off-the bone-recipe (if your ribs have bones)! You may want to trim additional fat off before so there is not so much at the end..
The best part I believe is that zip from the horseradish.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
