URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64087547/pulled-pork-risotto/
Title:
Pulled Pork Risotto Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1178346.jpg
Ingredients:
2-3 tbs Extra Virgin Olive Oil (EVOO)
½ yellow or red onion
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 cup of mushrooms, sliced
1-2 tbs of butter
1 tbs of Worcestershire sauce
4-6 stalks of asparagus, diced into uniform pieces
3-4 sun-dried tomatoes, diced or julienned (un-rehydrated)
1-2 cups of pulled pork
1 cup Arborio rice
2 cups low sodium chicken stock
1 cup vermouth or white wine
A few pinches of pulled pork dry rub spice mix
Fresh Italian basil cut in strips
Shredded parmesan cheese (I also like using Gouda)
Salt and pepper to season and taste

Directions:
In a frying pan, add butter and sauté mushrooms on medium heat until they shrink in size and gloss up. Add a tbs of Worcestershire sauce. When mushroom liquid is almost gone, place in a bowl and leave to the side for now.
Add a bit more butter or olive oil to the pan and sauté the asparagus until a nice bright green. Add these to the mushrooms on the side.
In a large saucepan on medium heat, add 1 tbs of EVOO and add the onion, garlic and add a dash of salt and pepper. Sweat the onions and garlic until they become soft and glassy.
Add 1 cup of risotto directly to the pan with the onions and garlic. Quickly stir the mixture until the rice begins to look transparent on the edges. This is a quick process and should not take longer than 30-60 seconds. Sprinkle the dry rub spice in and stir.
Take ½ a cup of vermouth or white wine to deglaze the pan. Then top up the pot with 1 cup of broth and occasionally stir the mixture. Keep easy watch on the pot and stir occasionally as the risotto absorbs the liquid. When the liquid is almost absorbed, top the pot with the remaining chicken broth.
When this liquid is gone, add the remaining vermouth and add the pulled pork, mushrooms, sun-dried tomatoes, asparagus, fresh basil, and cheese.
Stir mixture occasionally to get the tomatoes rehydrated, and the ingredients completely incorporated. Portion out and garnish the top with fresh basil and more parmesan.

Submitter: 
Allie Pehleman
Description: 
I was inspired to create this dish after there was a lot of pulled pork leftovers in the fridge. I love risotto and the flavour variations are endless...pulled pork is now one of my favourite mixes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
