URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64083828/smores-cake/
Title:
Smore's Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the ganache:
1/2 cup heavy cream
4 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped
Pinch of salt
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
*I used the recipe for "Satiny Chocolate Glaze"
For the filling:
8 whole graham crackers, crushed
2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted
Pinch of salt (I omitted)
Vegetable oil, for the spatula
1 16 -ounce container marshmallow cream
*I used Paula Deen's Marshmallow Cream Frosting" recipe
For the cake:
Basic Chocolate Cake, baked and cooled

Directions:
Directions
Make the ganache: Heat the heavy cream, chocolate and salt in a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water (do not let the bowl touch the water), stirring occasionally, until the chocolate melts and the ganache is smooth. Stir in the vanilla. Remove the bowl from the pan and set aside until the ganache is cool and thick but still pourable, about 1 hour.
Meanwhile, make the filling: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Toss the graham cracker crumbs, melted butter and salt in a bowl until combined. Spread out on a baking sheet. Bake, stirring occasionally, until toasted, 8 to 10 minutes; let cool.
Assemble the cake as close to serving time as possible: Using a long serrated knife, carefully slice each cake layer in half horizontally. Place 1 cake half on a platter. Using a lightly oiled offset spatula or spoon, spread one-third of the marshmallow cream on top, stopping about 1 inch from the edge (if the marshmallow cream is difficult to spread, microwave 10 to 15 seconds to soften). Sprinkle one-third of the graham cracker mixture over the marshmallow cream. Repeat to make 4 layers, ending with cake; reserve a few tablespoons of the graham cracker mixture for topping.
Pour the ganache over the cake, letting it drip down the sides. Sprinkle with the reserved graham cracker mixture. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Cindi Fortmann
Description: 
This is a great cake...both as original recipe and with the substitutions.  The marshmallow cream frosting holds it shape much better.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h 30 min
Ready in:
1 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
