URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64081868/almost-like-snickers/
Title:
Almost like Snickers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2669881.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cup Dates
1/2 cup Almonds
1/2 Teaspoon vanillaextract or vanilla powder
1/4 cup Salted peanuts, maybe a little more…
50g Dark chocolate
A pinch of salt

Directions:
Bottom layer
Rinse the almond and put them on a piece of paper towel. Let them dry as much as possible.
Put the almonds, vanilla extract, 1/2 cup (1dl) of dates and a pinch of salt in a high speed blender.
Mix until smooth.
More delicious and healthy recipes at www.angelasheaven.com
Spread the paste evenly on a plate or a teflex paper to a big square. Approximately 4×6 inches (10x15cm).
Put it in the freezer for ten minutes while you make the fudge. It will make it easier to apply the fudge over the bottom layer.
Fudge
Put 1 cup (2,5dl) dates in a high speed blender and mix until it is creamy and smooth.
Take out the bottom layer from the freezer.
Spread the fudge evenly on top of the bottom layer. If it is too sticky, rub a little oil on your hands and it will be easier.
Chop the salted peanuts roughly.
Put the nuts on top of the fudge and gently push them down with your hands until they stick to the fudge.
Put it in the freezer for about fifteen minutes.
Take it out and cut five pieces.
Dip them in melted chocolate and let them cool off before you put them in an airtight container in the fridge.

Submitter: 
AngelasHeaven.com
Description: 
I found this recipe a while ago on a Swedish blog and I have made it many times since then. I made some moderations to make it even better and now it’s the whole family’s favorite snack.
It tastes just like Snickers but instead of artificial flavorings and white sugar you get healthy ingredients like almonds, dates and dark chocolate. Try it – you won’t be disappointed!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
