URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64097879/chriss-award-winning-green-chile/
Title:
Chris's Award Winning Green Chile Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 lb pork tenderloin, cubed with fat trimmed
salt and pepper or seasoning blend (like Season All, or Mrs. Dash original if you want to cut down on the sodium)
1 to 2 cups flour
1 tbs salt
1 tsp black pepper
2 tablespoons bacon grease
1 large onion diced
6 cups chicken broth (can be made using bouillon)
1 15 ounce can petite diced tomatoes - Do not drain
15 large fire roasted, mild, medium, or hot green chiles, skins removed and chopped (can substitute 4 4 oz cans of green chilies in a pinch)
salt and pepper to taste
3 to 5 tablespoons flour
1/2 cup chicken broth

Directions:
Season pork with salt and pepper or seasoning blend. Dredge the seasoned pork in flour to coat well.
Melt bacon grease (can sub with canola or vegetable oil) in a large pot over medium heat.
Brown pork in hot grease/oil stirring frequently then add diced onion and cook a few minutes more until onion is tender.
Add canned tomatoes and 2 or 3 diced chilies (1 4 oz can if using canned), stir to combine.
Add chicken broth and bring to a boil stirring occasionally.
Reduce heat to low, cover and simmer (low boil) for at least 1 hour. Pork should be very tender and fall apart easily if pierced with a fork.
Add remaining chili's.
Add salt and pepper to taste.
Green Chile should be the consistency of a thick soup or thin stew. If the Chile is not thick enough, stir 3 to 5 tablespoons flour into 1/2 cup cool chicken broth and whisk to remove lumps. Bring pot of Green Chile to a boil over medium or medium hi heat and whisk in flour mixture. Continue stirring constantly and boil an additional 2 minutes.
Serve in bowls topped with grated cheese and warm flour tortilla's on the side. Can also be used to smoother burritos, breakfast  burritos or any other southwestern dish.

Submitter: 
kcryss
Description: 
This is a southwestern staple available at nearly all gatherings in Colorado, New Mexico, and Arizona. We've grown up calling this mexican food, but its really more Navajo or American Indian and goes great with flour tortilla's or Indian Fry Bread.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
