URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64097545/slow-cooker-french-dip-your-way/
Title:
Slow Cooker French Dip Your Way Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 pound Rump or Top Round Roast
1 (10.5 ounce) can beef consume'
1 (10.5 ounce) can condensed French onion soup
1 (10.5 ounce) can quality vegetable stock
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder or to taste
pinch celery, flakes (crushed between fingers) or to taste
1/4 teaspoon salt or to taste
1/4 teaspoon black pepper or to taste
Oregano (or other seasoning you prefer as the top-note flavor) or to taste
1 teaspoons Kitchen Boquet or Gravy Master, or to taste
1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, or to taste
---
6 French rolls
6 slices Provolone or Mozzarella cheese
2 tablespoons butter

Directions:
Trim excess fat from the rump or top round roast (chuck roast is super flavorful but the number of servings will decrease due to fat content).  Place in a slow cooker with tight-fitting lid.  Add the beef consume', onion soup, vegetable stock and all desired seasonings to pot. Cook on LOW setting for 7 hours.  Resist the temptation to lift the lid until cooking is complete. I know it will be torturous, but worth the wait!
After 7 hours, preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Remove roast from crock pot and allow meat to rest under an aluminum foil tent placed loosely over roast for 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, taste the au jus (pronounced "au-ZJOO") and tweak the flavors as desired.  When satisfied with flavors, slice meat on the diagonal and return meat to pot.  Allow roast to rest in juice during next step.
Split French rolls and spread with butter; add Provolone or Mozzarella cheese slices. Bake rolls for 10 minutes, or until cheese is melted and just beginning to brown.
Place desired amount of beef on split roll.  Slice sandwich on the diagonal and serve with the au jus for dipping. Try with caramelized onion and/or mild banana peppers.  Great with seasoned crinkle fries and crispy dill spears on the side!

Submitter: 
Carol Hammond
Description: 
This French Dip sandwich takes advantage of your slow cooker.  Use rump or top round roast to slowly simmer in a flavorful broth and seasonings YOUR family likes.  Add sliced Provolone or Mozzarella cheese, warm crusty rolls and your favorite toppings that will bring 'em back for more!Modified from: Easy Slow Cooker French Dip
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
7 h, 30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
