URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64091560/the-ultimate-chocolate-chip-cookie-dough-ice-cream-sandwich/
Title:
The Ultimate Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Ice Cream Sandwich Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1192083.jpg
Ingredients:
Cookies
1 cup (2 sticks) salted butter, softened
½ cup sugar
1½ cup packed brown sugar
2 pasteurized eggs
2 tsp. vanilla extract
2¾ cups (12 oz) all-purpose flour
¾ tsp. sea salt
1 tsp. baking soda
1½ tsp. baking powder
2¼ cups semi-sweet chocolate chips
Chocolate Icing
1 1/3 cups sugar
1 Tablespoon + 1 1/2 tsp. light corn syrup
1/2 tsp. vanilla extract
2 tablespoons hot water
1/4 cup + 2 tablespoons semisweet chips
Ice Cream
1/2 Gallon Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Ice Cream

Directions:
Instructions:
For Cookies:
Preheat oven to 360 degrees. Cream butter, sugar, and brown sugar until it is nice and fluffy (approx. 3 minutes on medium-high). Add both eggs and vanilla and beat for an additional 2 minutes. Add baking soda, baking powder, salt, and flour until cookie batter is fully incorporated. Add chocolate chips until well distributed.  Divide the cookie dough in thirds, saving one third of the uncooked cookie fuor the cookie sandwiches.  Drop about 2 tablespoons of dough or use a medium cookie scoop and plop the batter onto a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Should make about 36 cookies. Bake for 12-14 minutes until the edges are nice and golden brown. Remove from heat and place cookie sheet on cooling rack.  Allow the cookies to stay on the cookie sheet for an additional 2 minutes. Transfer parchment paper with cookies on it, to a cool non-porous surface. Allow cookies to cool additional 15 minutes before making sandwiches.
For chocolate icing:
Combine the confectioners' sugar, corn syrup, vanilla & hot water, stirring till smooth.  In the microwave, or in a pan set over very low heat, melt the chocolate.  Add the melted chocolate into the sugar mixture, stirring till well combined. Allow to cool for 30 minutes.
Putting together the Sandwiches:
Spread 1 tablespoon of chocolate icing on 1 cookie.
Spread 2 tablespoons of cookie dough on another cookie.  Spread 1/2 cup of Ice Cream on top of the cookie dough. Place chocolate topped cookie on top on ice cream.  Press down lightly.  Wrap in plastic wrap for 30 minutes to freeze.

Submitter: 
Kimberly Miskiewicz
Description: 
Growing up, we always ate more of the cookie dough than the actual cookies!  As an adult, I love them both.  I came up with this cookie creation to satisfy the craving for both of them.  Great for any occasion.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25
Ready in:
62
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
NA
