URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64097655/pho-vietnamese-noodle-soup/
Title:
Pho (Vietnamese Noodle Soup) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8 ounces thin rice noodles
Choice of meat:
- stewed Chicken
- seared medium rare beef sirloin
- cleaned, shelled, deveined, cooked Shrimp
1 tablespoon oil
1 large onion
1 4 -inch piece ginger
3 cups low-sodium beef broth
3 cups water
5 star anise pods (or 1/8 tsp Anise Extract)
2 tablespoons fish sauce
4 green onions sliced thin
1 jalapeno pepper, chopped
1/4 to 1/2 cup fresh fresh Basil
1/4 to 1/2 cup fresh Cilantro
1 cup fresh bean sprouts
2 limes quartered
Sriracha (Asian hot pepper sauce)
Hoisin
salt to taste

Directions:
Soften rice noodles according to package directions, drain and set aside.
In a heavy skillet or grill outside: leaving the peeling on the onion and ginger, char until black (onion), and darkened (ginger). Cool enough to peel and chop the onion. Slice ginger into several large chunks.
In a large pot over medium heat, saute onion until translucent. Add sliced ginger root and cook stirring constantly two minutes longer. If onion/ginger begin to stick, add a small amount of water.
Add beef broth, water, anise, and cinnamon stick. Cover and reduce heat. Simmer 90 minutes. Remove cinnamon stick, anise pods, and ginger. Can also remove chopped onion at this point if you prefer a more traditional clear looking broth. Increase heat to medium and bring to a boil. Add fish sauce and cook an additional 5 minutes.
To serve:
Put 1/4 of the softened rice noodles into a bowl. Cover noodles with a few green onions, choice of meat(s) and broth. Add the following according to taste: Bean sprouts, Jalapeno, a few leaves of fresh basil and or cilantro, fresh squeezed lime juice, Sriracha, and Hoisin sauce.

Submitter: 
kcryss
Description: 
Easy and traditional tasting Pho recipe that can be used with a variety of meats, or meatless.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
