URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64105855/carolina-incredible-pulled-pork/
Title:
Carolina Incredible Pulled Pork Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 to 7 lb pork shoulder or butt roast
1 1/2 cups chicken broth, stock or water
The Rub:
2 tablespoons smoked paprika (can substitute paprika, but use good quality, such as Hungarian if at all possible)
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
4 teaspoons salt
1/4 teaspoon smoked salt (optional)
2 teaspoons dark brown sugar
1 teaspoon chili powder
3 cloves garlic, minced or chopped (may substitute 1 1/2 teaspoon jarred minced garlic)
1 teaspoon onion powder
1/8 teaspoon cayenne (or to taste, the more the spicier)
3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar
2 tablespoons canola or vegetable oil

Directions:
Rinse roast under cool water, pat dry using paper towels. Combine all the rub ingredients in food processor til smooth. Rub all over the roast making sure to get into all folds, nooks and crannies. Cover roast and let sit at room temp for about 30 to 60 minutes. Spray the inside pan of an electric oven roaster (such as a Nesco) with cooking spray. Preheat oven roaster to 300. Place roast in oven roaster, pour chicken broth or water around roast, cover and roast for 1 hour per lb. turning roast over every hour, until fork tender. Turn oven up to 400 and continue to roast with cover off for 15 to 20 minutes. This will give the roast a bit of a crisp coating. remove roast and let rest 10 minutes before shredding using two forks to pull apart meat. Skim fat off liquid in pan and pour this yummy goodness over shredded pork. Can serve as is or on buns. May also serve with favorite homemade or bottled bbq sauce. Enjoy, ya all!

Submitter: 
FunwithFood
Description: 
The best pulled pork ever! Comes out juicy, with bits of crispy meat mixed in, having just the right amount of sweet and spice! This is a recipe I adapted from two recipes I found. Took what I liked about each and came up with this incredible pulled pork. It can also be made in a slow cooker if you don't have a oven roaster.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
max 75 m
Ready in:
8 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
