URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64109168/coconut-chicken-curry/
Title:
Coconut Chicken Curry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1260521.jpg
Ingredients:
1-2 Tbs olive oil
1 medium white or yellow onion, diced
1 tsp fresh ginger, grated
1/2 tsp dried lemongrass
1 heaping Tbs curry powder (see notes)
1 tsp turmeric
2 cloves fresh garlic, minced
2 14-oz cans chicken broth
1 14-oz can coconut milk
dash of Thai style fish sauce
2 large carrots, peeled and sliced
3 chicken thighs, deboned and diced (or 2 chicken breasts, deboned and diced)
2 russet potatoes, peeled and diced
salt, to taste
Sriracha or other Asian style hot sauce, to taste
cilantro, chopped, for garnish
Hot cooked white rice

Directions:
In a 5 quart sauce pan or stock pot, heat olive oil over medium heat. Combine and sauté diced onions, ginger, lemongrass, curry powder and turmeric until onions are translucent. Add chicken broth a little at a time as needed to keep the mixture from drying out.
When onion is translucent, add garlic and sauté for 2 minutes more.
Remove from heat. Scrape mixture into a blender or food processor, add enough chicken broth to make 1 cup, and process until completely smooth.
Return to warm pan. Add remaining chicken broth and coconut milk to the pan, plus a dash of fish sauce to taste. Return heat to medium and bring mixture to a simmer. Add sliced carrots. When carrots are half done, add diced carrots and potatoes. If needed, lower heat to medium-low to maintain a gentle simmer Simmer until potatoes and chicken are cooked through so as to not overcook chicken.
Taste and add salt and/or hot sauce, if desired.
Garnish with chopped cilantro and serve with hot cooked white rice, in the bowl or in a separate bowl, as you like.

Submitter: 
morcar
Description: 
Thai restaurant-style-inspired chicken coconut curry - ingredients demystified! This is total comfort food, great for any season, and easy-peasy to make. You can use shrimp and green peas instead of chicken and carrots, so it's got some versatility. Add hot sauce to your taste and a squeeze of fresh lime juice if you have it.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
1 hr 20 min
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
