URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64105585/strawberry-cream-cake/
Title:
Strawberry Cream Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 - package Betty Crocker french vanilla or white cake mix
(If using a different brand see cooks note below)
4 - eggs
1 - cup milk
1/3 - cup oil
1 - 3 oz package strawberry gelatin (Jell-O)
1 1/2 - cups boiling water
1 - 8 oz package cream cheese, softened
1 - 8 0z container cool whip whipped topping, thawed
1 - 16 oz package strawberries, sliced
1 - 14 oz package store bought strawberry glaze or homemade
Homemade Strawberry Glaze
1 - cup sugar
1 - cup water
3 - tablespoons cornstarch
3 - tablespoons strawberry gelatin

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Prepare cake mix according to package using a greased and floured 13-in. x 9-in. baking pan. Bake at 350° for 30-35 minutes or until a toothpick comes out clean.
Cool cake on a wire rack for 3-5 minutes. Poke holes in cake with a large fork or wooden skewer. Dissolve strawberry gelatin in boiling water, and gradually pour gelatin over cake. Cool for 15 minutes.
Cover and refrigerate cake for 30 minutes. Hull and cut the strawberries in half and then slice. If the strawberries are large cut them into thirds before slicing. In a medium size bowl combine the strawberry glaze and the sliced strawberries, mix and set aside.
In a large bowl, beat the softened cream cheese until fluffy. Fold in whipped topping. Carefully spread over the cake. Top with strawberry mixture and spread evenly over frosting.
Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours before serving. Refrigerate any leftovers.
To make homemade glaze:
In a medium saucepan, combine sugar, water, and cornstarch. Cook over medium high heat until it boils and thickens. You will know the mixture is thick enough when it coats the back of a spoon. Remove from heat, add gelatin and mix to combine. Set mixture aside to cool then add sliced strawberries and mix.

Submitter: 
macandjakesmom
Description: 
A deliciously easy Strawberry Cream Cake made with a french vanilla cake mix, strawberry gelatin, a creamy cream cheese filling, and finished off with a fresh fruity strawberry glaze.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
