URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64104804/cevapcici-chee-vap-chee-tsee/
Title:
Cevapcici  (Chee-vap-chee-tsee) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 lbs. ground chuck
1 lb. ground lamb
4-5 garlic cloves, grated or very finely minced
1/3 cup onion, very finely minced
1/4 cup water
1 Tbs. baking soda
1/2 tsp. red pepper flakes, minced
1 1/2 Tbs. smoked salt or regular salt and 1 tsp. liquid smoke
2 tsp. freshly ground black pepper
2 Tbs. fresh parsley, finely chopped
2 Tbs. extra virgin olive oil

Directions:
Place ground meats into very large bowl.  Grate the garlic over the meats and add the minced onion. In a separate small bowl, mix together the water, salt, baking soda, black pepper, and red pepper flakes. Pour mixture over ground meats.  Add the oil and parsley to the meat mixture.
With your hands, mix together all the ingredients very thoroughly.  Place half the mixture in a food processor.  Pulse about 6 - 10 times to grind the mixture a bit finer than the original, but do not totally pulverize it. Add the finer grind of meat back to the other half and again, blend together thoroughly with your hands.  Take about a tablespoon of meat, form into a patty, and fry until done; about 3 minutes. Taste and adjust seasonings, as needed. When mixture is perfectly seasoned, place in a covered container and refrigerate for at least 4 hours or overnight. (Refrigeration time is needed to blend the flavors)
With wet hands, form into sausages a little larger than a finger, about 1/2-5/8 inch thick and about 3 1/2 inches long.  Grill  about 8 - 12 minutes, turning frequently, until they are caramelized, brown, and well done.  Serve immediately with crusty bread and fresh green onions.

Submitter: 
Cyndi K.
Description: 
I have been eating these little sausages since I was a child and they taste best when cooked outside on a grill.  There are many different combinations of meat for this sausage, every family in the former Yugoslavia has their own version, but I think the beef and lamb combination is the best.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
4 1/2 h to 24 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
