URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64116209/grilled-lemon-chicken-with-zucchini-corn-tomatoes-the-best/
Title:
Grilled Lemon Chicken with zucchini, corn & tomatoes, the best! Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 boneless, 8 ounce skinless chicken breasts
1 lemon; zested and 1/2 juiced
4 cloves garlic; chop, mash/smash, divided
5-6 tablespoons olive oil, divided
1 tablespoon fresh rosemary or thyme leaves, chopped
salt & pepper
12 ounce bag frozen sweet corn
2-4 small zucchini, diced
1 bunch green onions, whites sliced & green tops sliced, divided
1 jalapeno or serrano pepper, cut in half, seed and finely chop
2 tablespoons butter
1 pint grape tomatoes, cut in half or quartered

Directions:
Marinade: In a shallow dish, combine the lemon zest and lemon juice with half of the garlic, 3-4 tablespoons of the olive oil, the rosemary or thyme.
Butterfly the chicken pieces: Open chicken breasts like a book by cutting into them horizontally without going all the way through. Once butterflied, place on cutting board, cover with plastic wrap and pound the meat into thin cutlets; season with salt and pepper. Set chicken  in the lemon marinade, flip to cover both sides with the marinade & rosemary or thyme. Let stand to marinate while chopping fresh ingredients and preparing the other ingredients.
Pre-heat an outdoor grill to medium-high.  (Or you can use indoor grill or a skillet for the chicken.)
Meanwhile, in a large skillet, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil over medium-high. Add corn and lightly brown, 3-5 minutes. Add zucchini, scallion whites, jalapeno or serrano pepper and the remaining garlic to the corn; season with salt & pepper if needed. Cook to soften the zucchini 3-4 minutes. Add the butter and stir to melt, creating a creamy sauce. Remove the zucchini-corn sauce from the heat and toss with the tomatoes, any extra rosemary or thyme and the reserved sliced green chives from the green onions.
Grill the chicken for 3-4 minutes on each side or until done, then transfer to a plate, set aside.  Cover with a foil tent if time is needed to keep chicken warm.  To serve; place chicken on serving platter, set corn mixture around and on top of chicken on platter.

Submitter: 
Sue's recipes
Description: 
This recipe is an original Rachael Raye recipe, I have omitted the cheese & arugula.                    www.rachaelray.com/recipe.php?recipe_id=5560
Lightly browning the corn really brings out the flavor.  Her recipe uses corn cut off the cob, I used frozen corn because that's what I had.  Cutting the chicken breasts in half to butterfly makes for a faster marinade & it will grill quickly for a great tasting, easy & pretty dish.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
