URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64112509/roasted-garlic-and-jarlsberg-cheese-risotto-balls/
Title:
Roasted Garlic and Jarlsberg Cheese Risotto Balls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1273308.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups Risotto (Arborio Rice)
3 cups Water
3 ounces Jarlsberg cheese, grated (about 1 cup)
3 eggs, beaten
1 tablespoon Roasted Garlic, pureed
2 teaspoons Italian Seasoning
Cooking Spray
4 ounces Jarlsberg cheese, cut into 40 small cubes (about 1/2" in diameter)
Seasoned Panko Bread Crumbs
Canola Oil for deep-frying

Directions:
Bring water to a boil in a medium saucepan, then stir in Risotto.  Reduce heat and simmer, covered, until all the water is absorbed and rice is cooked through, but still sticky, about 18-20 minutes.
Remove saucepan from heat and let Risotto cool for about 5 minutes.  Thoroughly stir in grated cheese, eggs, roasted garlic and italian seasoning.
Use cooking spray to lightly grease a baking sheet and spread the Risotto mixture out evenly.  Put baking sheet in refrigerator to cool (about 45 minutes).  Take mixture from baking sheet and place in a bowl and thoroughly mix again.
Cut the Jarlsberg cheese and keep nearby.  Using a medium sized cookie scoop or a tablespoon, scoop up a heaping tablespoon of the Risotto and place it in the palm of your hand.  Using your finger, make a small well in the center of the Rosotto mixture and tuck a cube of Jarlsberg cheese in the middle.  Push the Risotto over the cheese and form it into a ball by rolling it between your two palms.  Once you have formed a ball, roll the ball in the bread crumbs until completely covered and then place the ball on a lined baking sheet.  Repeat this process until all the Risotto has been used.  The balls in this form can then be refrigerated until ready to cook (up to 1 day).
Heat canola oil in a deep-fryer or wok to 350 degrees.  Drop in 4-5 Risotto balls at a time and cook for 3 minutes.  Remove balls onto paper towel lined baking sheet or plate to cool.  Repeat this process until all the Risotto balls have been cooked.
Cooked balls can be kept warm in a low oven while the other balls are being fried, if you plan to serve immediately.

Submitter: 
LonestarNR
Description: 
This recipe is guaranteed to impress.  These balls are yummy!  I derived this recipe from a Rice Croquettes recipe I have used in the past from a Williams-Sonoma cookbook.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
