URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64119196/vietnamese-spring-rolls/
Title:
Vietnamese Spring Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Rolls:
500g prawns, peeled and deveined
A handful of bean sprouts
1 carrot
1 cucumber
Salad greens
Vermicelli
Rice paper wrappers
Mint
Cilantro
Dipping Sauce:
1/2 cup hoisin sauce
2 tbsps crunchy peanut butter
2 tbsps of water

Directions:
Phase 1: Cook
Boil prawns in a medium pot until cook. Set aside.
Soak vermicelli in hot water until soft (no more than apprx 5 minutes). Drained and set aside.
Soak bean sprouts in cold water. Drained when ready to eat. This is to help the bean sprouts staying plump and succulent.
To make the dipping sauce, combine hoisin sauce, peanut butter, and 2 tbsps of water in a small pot and cook over low-medium heat. Stir to avoid sticking at the bottom, add more water to achieve your desired consistency – my preferred consistency is like ketchup. Set aside.
Phase 2: Salad Platter
Slice carrot and cucumber into matchsticks.
Arrange carrots, cucumber, bean sprouts, mint, cilantro and salad leaves onto a platter.
Phase 3: Assembly
Fill a wide shallow dish, large enough to submerge a rice paper wrapper, with boiling hot water.
Evenly submerge a rice paper wrapper in hot water.  Remove  the wrapper IMMEDIATELY as soon as the whole surface is submerged in the water and onto a flat plate.
Working quickly, arrange the prawns and salad on the wrapper – leave about an inch gap away from the edge. Just remember not to overstuff the roll with too much filling.
Phase 4: Roll Formation
Fold the edge of the wrapper (where you leave an inch gap) over the filling.
Holding it firmly in place, fold the sides of the wrapper inwards to conceal the sides.
Then roll the entire pile up to close the top.
Serve with sauce.

Submitter: 
Amy Lee
Description: 
If making this ahead of time, wrap roll individually with saran wrap so it doesn’t dry out.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20mins
Ready in:
35mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
