URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64111756/kalbi-and-naeng-myeon-combo-make-it-even-better-by-dining-al-fresco/
Title:
Kalbi and Naeng Myeon Combo ... make it even better by dining al fresco Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1270532.jpg
Ingredients:
4 Pounds of Korean short ribs
2 Tablespoons honey
1/2 Cup brown sugar
1/2 Cup sugar
1 Cup soy sauce
1/2 Cup water
3 Tablespoons soju (Korean wine. You can also use whisky or red wine.)
2 Tablespoons rice wine vinegar
2 Teaspoons Korean dark sesame seed oil
1/4 Cup Tablespoons black pepper
1 Tablespoon salt
2 Tablespoons beef flavored dashida
15-20 Cloves fresh garlic, minced
1 Tablespoon fresh ginger, grated
1 Asian pear, grated with juices
1/4 Cup roasted sesame seeds
1 Large red onion
1 Bunch scallions, cut into 1-inch strips

Directions:
In a large pot, add meat and enough water to cover the meat. Using a colander, rinse and drain the meat at least three times to remove small shards of bones.
In a large mixing bowl or pot with a lid, whisk together honey, sugar, soy sauce, water, soju, rice wine vinegar, sesame seed oil, black pepper, salt and dashida. Whip it up until thoroughly whisked.
Add garlic, ginger, and Asian pear. Mix thoroughly.
Add sesame seeds, onions and scallions. Gently fold all ingredients.
Add the meat to the mixture. Gently toss until the ribs are thoroughly coated.
Cover and refrigerate for at least 6 hours or overnight. For best results, marinate overnight.
Heat grill to high. Remove the ribs from the marinade and grill until slightly charred, about 3-5 minutes and flip. Grill for another 3-5 minutes. Timing depends on the thickness of the ribs so watch it closely.
Serve solo, with rice, with naeng myeon, with a bib...beauty of kalbi, it goes with everything.

Submitter: 
yobodish
Description: 
Umma's kalbi & mul naeng myeon are classics. If you can find an outdoor venue for grilling the kalbi and enjoying cocktails... even better. For the mul naeng myeon recipe, visit yobodish.blogspot.com.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
