URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64111997/pressure-cooker-chicken-and-black-bean-taco-filling/
Title:
Pressure cooker chicken and black bean taco filling Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 medium onion, diced
2 cloves of fresh garlic, minced
1 jalapeno, seeded and diced
1 tablespoons olive oil
2 large boneless skinned chicken breasts
1 can (10 oz.) diced tomatoes with green chilies, un-drained (such as Rotel)
1 8 ounce green chili peppers, drained and diced
1 can black beans, drained and rinsed
2 teaspoons of cumin powder
2 teaspoons of smoked paprika
1 teaspoon of chili powder
1 teaspoon Mexican Oregano or flaked dried Marjoram
1/2 teaspoon coriander powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon of ground pepper

Directions:
Heat the oil in pressure cooker pot for 2 minutes. Saute the onion, garlic and jalapeno until tender, approximately 5-8 minutes.
Lay chicken breast on top of the onions, sprinkle with cumin, paprika, chili powder, oregano or marjoram, salt and pepper. I gave measurements but I usually shake it in to our desired taste buds...so you do the same.
Pour can of tomatoes and green chilies evenly over the chicken, covering well.
Cover and lock lid in place. Select High heat once regulator starts shaking cook for 15 minutes.
Quickly cool pressure cooker under cool water and open once pressure is released.
Using two forks shred chicken well, I do this right in the pot, but you can remove them to a plate and add back in once done.
Return pot to low heat and add in black beans and diced green chilies.
Simmer uncovered, stirring occasionally until all liquid is absorbed/evaporated, about 10 minutes.
Use a slotted spoon to dish filling into flour tortillas or taco shells and top with favorite taco toppings.

Submitter: 
*Sherri*
Description: 
Cooking chicken in pressure cooker for quick taco or burrito filling.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
