URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64126184/indian-tacos-with-yeast-fry-bread/
Title:
Indian Tacos with Yeast Fry Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (.25 ounce) package active dry yeast
1 tablespoon white sugar
1/4 cup warm water
3 cups all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 cup warm water or 1/2 milk and 1/2 water
6 cups vegetable oil for frying
1 pound ground beef
1 large onion, minced
1 (28 ounce) can diced tomatoes, undrained
2 (6 ounce) cans tomato paste
1 teaspoon dried basil
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 pinch chili powder, or to taste
1/2 pound Cheddar cheese, coarsely shredded
1 head iceberg lettuce, cored and shredded
1 cup finely chopped onion, or as desired
1 cup finely chopped mild green chiles, or as desired

Directions:
Mix yeast, sugar, and 1/4 cup warm water in a large mixing bowl and set aside until the yeast mixture forms a creamy foam layer on top, about 5 minutes. Whisk flour, 1 teaspoon salt, and baking powder in a bowl. Stir flour mixture into yeast mixture by thirds, alternating with 1 cup warm water/milk in thirds, and beat to make a firm dough. Let it set for about 30 minutes covered with a towel.
Cut the dough into 12 pieces and roll each piece into a ball on a floured work surface. Roll out the dough balls into flat round tortillas.
Heat vegetable oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Gently place tortillas, one at a time, into the hot oil and fry until golden brown on both sides, turning once, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Drain on paper towels and set aside.
Cook and stir ground beef with 1 large minced onion in a skillet over medium heat until the meat is browned and crumbly, about 10 minutes. Drain excess grease and stir in diced tomatoes with their juice, tomato paste, basil, oregano, salt, black pepper, and chili powder. Bring the chili to a boil and reduce heat to low; simmer until thickened, 30 to 40 minutes.
Place a piece of fry bread onto a plate and ladle a generous portion of chili onto the bread. Transfer Cheddar cheese, lettuce, 1 cup finely chopped onion, and mild green chilies into separate bowls and top each portion with about 1 tablespoon of Cheddar cheese and desired amounts of lettuce, onion, and chilies.

Submitter: 
Colleen Robertson Curtiss
Description: 
Soft and freshly-made yeast fry breads are topped with a tomato and ground beef chili, lettuce, cheese, and your other favorite taco toppings in this traditional version.Modified from: Indian Tacos with Yeast Fry Bread
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
