URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64125209/east-indian-rasgulla/
Title:
East Indian Rasgulla Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 litres full cream milk
2-3 tbsps lime/lemon juice
5 tsps flour
4 cups water
2 cups sugar
2-3 tbsps rose water or a few strands of saffron

Directions:
Bring the milk to a boil over a medium flame. Stir occassionally to ensure the milk does not burn. When the milk begins to boil, add the lime juice and mix well. When the curds begin to separate from the milk, turn off the fire and leave the millk aside for 10 minutes to let the curdling process finish.
Strain the cheese and wash it well under running water - to remove all the lime juice from it.
Now put the cheese in a cheesecloth and hang for 1 hour to completely drain all the liquid from it.
Put the drained cheese into a mixing bowl and begin to knead it. Continue till all the lumps are removed and the cheese is absolutely smooth. When this happens the cheese will begin to release its fat and your hands will feel greasy. The success of your Rasgulla making effort depends on how smooth you knead the cheese, so give it your best shot!
Now sprinkle the flour over the surface of the cheese.
and work it into the cheese to mix thoroughly.
Mix the sugar and water in a pressure cooker and bring the mixture to a boil (without covering the pressure cooker). Make sure the cooker is large enough to accomodate the finished Rasgullas, as they will expand to double their size while cooking in the syrup!
While the sugar syrup boils, divide the dough into small marble-sized balls and roll between your palms till smooth.
Gently add the balls to the sugar syrup and cover the pressure cooker. Add the cooker weight and wait for the first whistle. Once the first whistle blows, wait another 8-10 minutes and then turn off the fire. Release the steam from the pressure cooker and allow the Rasgullas to cool completely before touching them. They will have expanded to almost double their original size and will be delicate when hot

Submitter: 
Jill Sander
Description: 
Soft, spongy balls of cottage cheese soaked in chilled sugar syrup.... Nicely made Rasgulla melts in your mouth and leaves you wanting more...always! The Bengalis (from eastern India) sure know their sweet making.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
300
Nutritional Facts:
NA
