URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64125818/summer-garden-lasagna/
Title:
Summer Garden Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1317720.jpg
Ingredients:
One teaspoon olive oil (to grease pan)
One box of wavy lasagna
Two zucchini, washed and peeled into ribbons
salt and pepper to taste
1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil
1/4 cup chopped onion
1 clove garlic
Three ears of fresh corn
One 24 ounce jar of marinara sauce
Two tablespoons heavy cream
2 cups ricotta cheese
1 9 ounce box frozen spinach, thawed, rinsed and very well drained
1 cup mozzarella
1/4 cup Parmigianno-Reggiano cheese

Directions:
Pre-heat oven to 375 degrees
Grease 8" x 6" baking dish with olive oil. Set aside.
Boil lasagna noodles in salted water for cooking time recommended on box. Drain and set aside.
Peel washed zucchini into thin ribbons using a vegetable peeler. Stop when you get to the seeds.
Saute zucchini in a fry pan. Season with salt and pepper and cook about five minutes. Remove from heat and set aside.
Remove husks and silk from corn. Boil corn about five minutes. When cool, cut off kernels. Set aside.
Saute chopped onion over medium heat until it turns translucent. Add minced garlic and cook one minute more. Add one third of the jar of marinara sauce. Keep stirring. When sauce starts to bubble, stir in cream and allow sauce to reduce a little. Remove from heat and set aside.
Pour one third of the jar of sauce into baking dish.
Add one layer of noodles. You may have to trim them to fit inside your dish.
Layer on the zucchini ribbons.
Add another layer of noodles. Spread on ricotta cheese.
Add another layer of noodles. Spread the onion/garlic/marinara/cream sauce mixture over this layer. Spread the corn evenly right on top of the orange sauce.
Add another layer of noodles. Place drained spinach on top. (Make sure you wring out the spinach like a sponge, or your lasagna will get soggy!)
Add one more layer of noodles. Spread remaining marinara sauce on top. Sprinkle with mozzarella cheese and then Parmigianno-Reggiano cheese on top of that.
Cover with foil and bake for 30 minutes.
Uncover and bake another 15 minutes, until cheese starts to bubble and brown.

Submitter: 
Cynthia Ross
Description: 
This no-guilt lasagna is packed with summer-fresh flavors from your garden or market.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
less than 2 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
