URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64126313/chile-verde-chicken-enchiladas/
Title:
Chile Verde Chicken Enchiladas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the chicken:
1 lb. chicken breasts
2 tablespoons ghee, grass-fed butter, or olive oil
¼ yellow onion
1 garlic clove
1 teaspoon sea salt
For the sauce:
1.5 lb. tomatillos
1 Serrano chili
1 small Poblano pepper
3 garlic cloves, chopped
? cup ghee, grass-fed butter, or olive oil
1 tablespoon sea salt
For the enchiladas:
2 tablespoons oil
1 cup shredded raw grass-fed cheese
8-10 Grain Free Tortillas*
½ cup cashew sour cream
½ cup crumbled Queso Fresco
Recipe for Grain Free Tortillas
Grain-free Coconut Flour Tortillas
1/2 cup coconut flour
1/2 teaspoon grain free baking powder
1/4 teaspoon sea salt
1 1/2 cup egg whites (or 16 egg whites)*
3/4 cup almond milk

Directions:
Mix all of the ingredients in a non-reactive bowl.
Let sit for 10 minutes so the coconut flour can soak up some of the moisture, and then whisk again. The batter should be runnier than that of pancakes, about the same as a crepe batter.
Heat a non-stick skillet over medium high heat and spray with oil or melt enough butter to coat the bottom and sides of pan.
Pour 1/4 cup of the batter into the pan, swirling the pan while you pour to ensure the bottom is coated and the tortilla is thin.
Once the bottom looks set (about 1 minute), carefully release the sides of the tortilla with a rubber spatula and turn over.Alternatively, you could use a frittata pan, or turn the tortilla into another hot and greased pan or greased griddle. This may help the tortilla to stay in one piece. If your first couple break, don’t fret and don’t throw them away. Add a little more coconut flour and try again, but keep the broken ones to use as filling if you’re making enchiladas.
Spray the pan again, and repeat above steps until all the batter is used. Layer the tortillas on a plate and set aside until you’re read to fill them and bake.

Submitter: 
RACH7H
Description: 
Delicious
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
