URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64124547/ummas-spicy-korean-drumsticks-with-a-spike-of-whisky-dak-bulgogi/
Title:
Umma's Spicy Korean Drumsticks... with a Spike of Whisky (Dak Bulgogi) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1313887.jpg
Ingredients:
24 Chicken drumsticks
1 Cup soy sauce
1/4 Cup brown sugar
1/4 Cup Sugar
1/3 Cup kochu jang (Korean red pepper sauce)
1/4 Tablespoons kochu garu (Korean red pepper powder)
1 Tablespoon black pepper
1/2 Cup White wine (Mom uses whisky)
1/3 Cup peanut oil
10 Garlic cloves, smashed
1 Yellow Onion, sliced
1 Bunch of scallions, cut into 1-inch pieces
2 Tablespoons toasted sesame seeds
Brine Ingredients (Optional: If you're not grilling and roasting the drumsticks, brining the drumsticks will punch up the flavor.)
2 Quarts cold water
2 Tablespoons kosher salt
1/4 Cup brown sugar
3 Garlic cloves, smashed (Using the flat side of a large knife, place the cloves underneath and give it one good smack)

Directions:
In a large glass or non-porous mixing bowl, whisk together the soy sauce, two sugars, kochu jang, kochu garu, black pepper, wine and sesame seeds.  Add garlic, onions and scallions.
(IF BRINING) Take the drumsticks out of the brine. Pat dry and add to the sauce. Mix until thoroughly combined. Cover and marinate for at least 3 hours.
You can also use a 1-gallon Ziploc bag. Add the chicken and marinade. Massage the bag until the thoroughly combined. Refrigerate for over nigh, or at least 6 hours.
Heat the grill to 350. My dad covers the grill with aluminum foil, brushes it with olive oil and pokes holes. If you don't use foil, be sure to brush the grill with olive oil. Place the drumsticks on top of the grill. Turn the drums sticks as needed to cook both sides… about 8-10 minutes. Close the grill and smoke the drumsticks. Internal temperature should be 165º F. Let it rest for at least 5 minutes.
If roasting, preheat oven to 450. Place the drumsticks on a baking sheet with edges. Line it with foil or place a grilling sheet or mat. Roast for 30-35 minutes. Internal temperature should be 165º F. Let it rest for at least 5 minutes.
Serve it with other bon chon (Korean side dishes) along with rice, quinoa, lentils, noodles, lettuce or grain of your choice.

Submitter: 
yobodish
Description: 
This is another Korean dish that is usually on our party menu. I haven't discussed it with my sisters, but I'm sneaking it onto my nephew's birthday menu. It's spicy, bold, and will kick your taste buds into high gear. Get ready for heat and have plenty of napkins on hand.

Oh yeah, don't forget the suds. These chicken drumsticks pair terrifically with beer.

Happy eating!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
45
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
