URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64123871/thug-kitchens-been-and-beer-chili/
Title:
Thug Kitchen's Been and Beer Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 medium onion
2 medium bell peppers
1 zucchini
2 carrots
4 cloves of garlic
2 teaspoons olive oil
4 tablespoons chili powder
1 1/2 teaspoons cumin
1 teaspoon oregano
1 teaspoon smoked paprika
½ teaspoon salt
1 cup of beer
3 tablespoons tomato paste
28 ounce can of diced tomatoes
1 cup vegetable broth or water
1 ½ cups of cooked beans
1 ½ cups hominy
juice of ½ a lemon or 1 lime
2 teaspoons of brown sugar

Directions:
Chop up the onion, bell peppers, zucchini, and carrots into pieces no bigger than a  bean. Dice up the garlic all small and . Grab a big  pot and heat up the olive oil over a medium heat. Add the onions and cook them until they start to look a little brown, about 5-8 minutes. Add the bell peppers, zucchini, and carrots and cook for another 5 minutes. Add the garlic, chili powder, cumin, oregano, paprika, and salt and cook for another minute. By now, your whole place should start smelling good enough to make the  neighbors jealous. Add the beer, tomato paste, diced tomatoes, and broth then scrap any spice  that started sticking to the bottom of the pot.  Let that all simmer together for 5 minutes. There should some beer left in the can, sip that  while you’re waiting.
Now add the beans (and the hominy if you opted for this dopeness). Stir everything and turn down the heat to medium low. Slap on a lid and let that simmer for about 30 minutes. Set a timer if your  is easily distracted like me. After the 30 minutes, stir it around and if you still want a thicker chili take off the lid and let it simmer for another 10-15 minutes. When the chili looks legit by your standards, add the lemon juice then taste that . Depending on the brand of tomatoes you got, you might need to add some brown sugar to balance the taste out. Taste again and see if it needs more chili powder or salt. Throw in some cayenne pepper if you like that  hot. Serve warm and lay out some fresh toppings like red onion, jalapenos, and cilantro.

Submitter: 
Ella Madeline
Description: 
Best chili recipes ever. credit: Thug Kitchen
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
