URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64126226/jalapeno-popper-mac-and-cheese/
Title:
Jalapeno Popper Mac and Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1319080.jpg
Ingredients:
8 oz. elbow macaroni
1/4 cup butter or 2 Tablespoons each of butter and bacon grease
1 small onion, diced
5 fresh jalapeno peppers, mostly seeded, minced
2 cloves garlic, minced
2 Tablespoons all purpose flour
2 cups 2% milk
2 oz. cream cheese, cubed
8 oz. light processed American cheese, such as Light Velveeta®, cubed
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1/2 teaspoon seasoned salt
2 dashes Worcestershire sauce, or more to taste
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
salt, to taste, optional
Crumb Topping:
1/3 cup seasoned panko bread crumbs
2 Tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese
3 slices bacon, cooked and crumbled
1 fresh jalapeno, sliced into thin rings, optional

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Grease a 1-1/2 quart baking dish and set aside.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil and cook macaroni until just cooked through, but still firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Drain and return to pot; set aside.
Meanwhile, melt butter (or butter and bacon grease) in a saucepan over medium heat.
Add onions and jalapenos and cook just until softened, 3-5 minutes. Add garlic and cook another 1-2 minutes, until fragrant.
Add flour, stirring to coat the veggies well.
Whisk in milk slowly, until smooth.
Bring to a simmer, whisking constantly, until thickened, about 3 minutes.
Reduce heat to low and stir in garlic powder, seasoned salt, Worcestershire sauce and black pepper. Stir in cream cheese and Velveeta(R). Continue to stir until cheese is melted and sauce is smooth, about 5 minutes. Season with salt, if desired.
Add macaroni to cheese sauce and stir to coat the macaroni completely. Pour into casserole dish.
In a small bowl, mix together panko crumbs, Parmesan cheese and bacon.
Sprinkle crumb mixture evenly over top of macaroni. Top with additional jalapeno slices, if desired.
Bake, uncovered, in preheated oven 30-40 minutes, until browned and bubbly. Allow to set about 10 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Christina
Description: 
With an abundance of Jalapenos in the garden, I was looking for new ways to use them, and this is a great one! This recipe is easily adjustable to add more heat or to take it away. The amount of jalapenos used in this recipe will yield a nice, spicy mac and cheese without being too over the top spicy. The mac and cheese, itself, is rich and creamy. Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
