URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64134942/caprese-stuffed-zucchini/
Title:
Caprese Stuffed Zucchini Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2241740.jpg
Ingredients:
2 large zucchini
1 eggplant
1 cup cherry tomatoes
1 clove garlic, minced
1 cup fresh basil leaves
Sea salt
Freshly ground pepper
Extra virgin olive oil
1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Start the prep work by slicing the zucchini the long way and use a spoon to hollow out the flesh. Do not discard: Put in a sealed container and you can freeze to use for soups, frittata or other dishes.
Season the zucchini lightly with salt and pepper. Place on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Drizzle with a little extra virgin olive oil. Bake for 10 minutes.
Take eggplant and slice in 1/2 inch rounds. Season both sides lightly with salt and pepper. Lay on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper and bake for 30-35 minutes; until brown (flipping once).
When eggplant is done chop 2-3 slices and add to a mixing bowl. (I removed the skin)
Take the cherry tomatoes and slice in 1/2 then 1/2 again. (into quarters).
Add in garlic then take 3/4 cup of the fresh basil leaves and chop and add to the bowl. Add in 1 teaspoon of sea salt and 1/2 teaspoon of pepper.
Drizzle in about 3 tablespoons of extra virgin olive oil and toss all ingredients together.
Take the cooled zucchini and slice about 2 inches and add to a platter.
Divide the mixture into each of the zucchini. Drizzle with a little extra virgin olive oil  and balsamic vinegar then tear the remaining basil leaves and top for garnish and enjoy.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
I just love the summer months and all of the fresh vegetables we have available to us!  We are very lucky to have so many farmers that share their harvest with us!  This is a great appetizer and only a few fresh ingredients!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 mintues
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
