URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64134949/summer-roasted-vegetables-and-herb-zucchini-pasta/
Title:
Summer Roasted Vegetables and Herb Zucchini Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2241730.jpg
Ingredients:
2 summer squash, halved lengthwise then sliced crosswise 1 inch thick
1 pint grape or cherry tomatoes
2 red onions, halved lengthwise and sliced 1/2 inch thick
5 cloves garlic, peeled
1/4 cup olive oil
2 medium zucchini, into noodles
1 cup fresh basil leaves, firmly packed and torn
1/4 cup fresh thyme leaves
1/4 cup fresh parsley, chopped
1 tablespoon fresh rosemary, chopped
2 teaspoons or more sea salt
1 teaspoon or more freshly ground pepper

Directions:
Preheat oven to 450 degrees.
Add squash, tomatoes, onion and garlic on a large baking sheet.  Drizzle vegetables with oil, and season with salt and pepper; toss to coat and then spread evenly. Roast until tender and starting to brown, 30 to 40 minutes.
Take your food processor, spiral vegetable slicer, mandolin or vegetable peeler* and create noodles with your zucchini.
In a large sauté pan over medium heat add in 2 tablespoons olive oil.  Add in zucchini noodles and toss around using tongs for about 2 minutes.  Add in basil, thyme, parsley, rosemary, 1 teaspoon sea salt and 1/2 teaspoon of pepper.  Toss around and cook for another 2 minutes.  Chop up garlic and add in the pan along with the other vegetables and toss together until warm; about 2 minutes.
Add to a large platter and enjoy!
I love to top with freshly grated parmesan cheese!  That’s just me…

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
I just love fresh farm vegetables and my Summer Roasted Vegetables and Herb Zucchini Pasta is a perfect paleo recipe. I roasted the vegetables in the oven but you can also grill if you don’t want the oven on. This entire dish can be prepared on your grill. You can also add grilled chicken, steak or fish to this dish!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
