URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64132215/sweet-and-hot-bacon-onion-jam/
Title:
Sweet and Hot Bacon Onion Jam Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1338255.jpg
Ingredients:
3 pounds Bacon
4 whole Large Onions, Peeled And Thinly Sliced
8 cloves Garlic, Smashed And Peeled
1 cup Cider Vinegar
1/2 cup Splenda Brown Sugar Mix
1-½ cup Very Strong Brewed Coffee
1/2 cup sugar free maple flavored syrup
1 teaspoon Freshly Ground Black Pepper
1-2 tablespoons red pepper flakes

Directions:
Cut the bacon slices into 1-inch pieces. Add the bacon to a Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Cook the bacon, stirring frequently, until the bacon is browned. Use a slotted spoon and transfer the bacon to a paper-towel lined cookie sheet.  Drain all but 2 tablespoons of the bacon drippings into a heat-proof jar with a tight-fitting lid.
While bacon is cooking, prepare Onions, Garlic and wet ingredients.
Place the Dutch oven back over the medium-high heat and add the onions and garlic. Stir well and reduce heat to medium. Continue to cook for about 8 minutes, or until the onions are mostly translucent.
Add the remaining ingredients, except the red pepper flakes, stir well.
Turn heat up to medium-high to bring to a boil, stirring frequently, and boil hard for 2 minutes. After 2 minutes, stir the browned bacon into the onions and liquid.  Reduce heat to a simmer.
Simmer uncovered, stirring occasionally to make sure things aren’t sticking, adding 1/4 cup of water if it seems to be drying out. When the onions are extremely soft, and the liquid is thick and syrupy (1-1.5 hours), remove the Dutch oven from the heat and let stand for 5 minutes.
Transfer the contents of the Dutch oven to the work bowl of a food processor that has been fitted with a blade. Fit the lid in place and pulse several times or until the bacon jam is a spreadable consistency. You could also use an Immersion Blender directly in the Dutch Oven.
Stir in the red pepper flakes after blending to a spreadable consistency.  Start with 1 tablespoon of red pepper flakes and taste test for desired heat.
Can be served cold, room temperature or warmed.

Submitter: 
Miss B
Description: 
This recipe may take a while to make but it is well worth the time. It goes well on crackers, burgers, eggs and with cheese! It's so popular that when I take some to work, it's gone within the first hour!  Whatever you like to eat with bacon, this is a delicious hot, sweet and tangy alternative!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
