URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64134015/easy-chicken-parmesan/
Title:
Easy Chicken Parmesan Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 pounds (about 3/4 kilo) boneless, skinless chicken breast
Salt, pepper and granulated garlic
3/4 cup coconut flour or white whole wheat flour
2 tablespoons olive oil, coconut butter, dairy butter (or combination)
1 1/2 cups pasta sauce
4-6 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese
2 tablespoons fresh chopped oregano or parsley

Directions:
Place the chicken breasts flat on your cutting surface with the rounded, smooth side facing up. Trim any tenders and set aside to cook with the cutlets or freeze for laster use. Place the palm of your hand on the chicken breast. Slice the chicken breasts into equal halves horizontally, keeping your knife parallel to the cutting board (see photo).
Season both sides of the chicken with salt, pepper and granulated garlic. Sprinkle flour over the chicken and lightly coat both sides. Shake off excess.
Heat a large saute or fry pan over medium heat. Add olive oil or oil/butter combination. When it’s bubbling and hot, add chicken cutlets, nicer side down first. Allow the cutlets to cook until they are golden. You can tell when they are almost ready to turn as the edges start to get white. Turn the cutlets and cook another minute or two, depending on how thick the cutlets are. When done, they will feel firm to the touch but still give just a little.
Pre-heat the broiler on high. Place cooked cutlets on a foil lined baking sheet in s single layer. Top with sauce and cheese. Broil briefly until cheese melts. Top wtih fresh herbs and serve.

Submitter: 
doch83
Description: 
A family classic made easy with quick cooking chicken cutlets, pasta sauce and a little Parmesan cheese. Leftovers are good for lunch. Homemade pasta sauce takes about 30 minutes and can be made ahead. It will last in the refrigerator about 4-5 days. You can also make it ahead and freeze it for suing with this dish or others. Serve extra sauce on the side or over pasta (brown rice or whole wheat), or just with a side of broccoli.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
