URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64136936/nova-scotia-style-donair/
Title:
Nova Scotia Style Donair Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Donair Meat:
4 lb. Ground Beef
1 lb. Ground Lamb (optional - may be substituted with beef)
5 tsp. Flour (optional - used for binder - see 'method' below)
4 tsp. Salt
5 tsp. Oregano
2.5 tsp. Dry Mustard
2.5 tsp. Garlic Powder
2.5 tsp. Cracked Black Pepper
2.5 tsp. Cayenne Pepper
2 tsp. Crushed Dried Chilies
1.5 tsp Paprika
1 tsp. Italian Seasoning
Sauce:
1 can Evaporated milk (12oz)
3/4 cup White Sugar
2 tsp. Garlic Powder
~ 3 - 4 tbsp. White Vinegar (or as needed to thicken)

Directions:
flour as it helps bind the meat together a lot. Alternatively you can triple grind the mixture and/or grind it very fine, you want the finished product after cooking to be similar to a processed meat - so it can be sliced thinly and fried without crumbling.
- Roll the meat out into a loaf and bake at 300 - 350F indirect to internal of at least ~ 160F or well done.
- Rest tented with foil for at least 30 mins to an hr on a drip rack to allow juices and fat to run free from the loaf. It's much easier to slice for Donairs after an overnight rest in the fridge.
Sauce:
- Stir together the evaporated milk, sugar, and garlic powder.
- Gently stir in the vinegar until thick - the mixture will thicken QUICKLY to a thick gravy consistency, don't over-stir or add too much vinegar as this will cause the sauce to become thin.
Serving:
- A Donair is served on pita bread with the meat cut in thin uneven 1/8" - 1/4" strips, garnished with diced onion and tomato, the sauce poured over it,  Sometimes topped with mozza cheese too.
Meat & Pita Prep:
- Heat sliced Donair meat in a hot skillet or flattop until starting to crisp on the edges then remove.
- Quickly and lightly rub pita bread with water and briefly fry in the same hot pan the meat just came out of, turning once to soften and warm, don't let it dry or crisp
- Slather some sauce on the pita, top with meat, chopped onions, diced tomatoes and finish off with lots more sauce.

Submitter: 
Bryan & Jenni
Description: 
If you've ever been to Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada, Hopefully you had the chance to try a Donair.  This is the recipe used to make those Donairs in some places in town.  Remember to kneed that meat until its almost a paste!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
10
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
