URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64134943/paleo-peach-scones/
Title:
Paleo Peach Scones Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2241738.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups almond flour
1/2 cup tapioca flour
1/4 cup coconut flour
1 teaspoon sea salt
4 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 cup coconut sugar, plus extra for topping
6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cold and cut into cubes
2 large eggs, room temperature
1/3 cup coconut cream
1/2 teaspoon vanilla
1/4 teaspoon cardamon
1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg
2  fresh peaches, diced (about 1 cup)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
In a medium-sized mixing bowl add the almond flour, tapioca flour, coconut flour, sea salt, baking powder and coconut sugar.  Mix with a fork to ensure combined well. (you don’t want lumps of baking powder)
Using a pastry blender or your hands start adding the butter into the mixture.  Use your fingers to press the cold butter into the flour mixture until incorporated. (do not over mix).
In a small bowl whisk eggs, coconut cream, vanilla, cardamon and nutmeg then  pour into mixture into the dry ingredients and combine well using a spatula or wooden spoon.
Slowly and gently fold in peaches to the mixture.
Form the sticky batter into a ball and place on a parchment paper lined baking sheet or spring form pan.  Sprinkle a little coconut sugar on the top.
Press into a circle and bake for 10 minutes. Remove from oven and slice into 8 wedges then bake for an additional 10-15 minutes; until golden brown on top.
Let sit for 5 minutes, remove spring form and slide off bottom of pan while holding onto the edge of the parchment paper.
Cool on a wire rack.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
You may have noticed a few peach recipes lately! I am enjoying eating them and cooking with them! I hope you love my paleo peach scones as much as we do! I even spread a little almond butter on mine when they were warm.. All I can say is Paleo OMG…
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
