URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64137016/emilys-thin-and-crisp-peanutbutter-cookies/
Title:
Emily's thin and crisp peanutbutter cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 stick of butter softened
1/2 a cup of white granulated sugar + 1/4 to put on top of cookies
1/2 a cup of pack light brown sugar
1/2 a teaspoon of salt
1 teaspoon of vanilla extract
1 egg
1 cup of creamy peanut butter
1/2 teaspoon of baking soda
3/4 cup of flour

Directions:
Pre-heat oven to 375?. While oven is preheating cream together butter and sugars in a mixing bowl using a paddle attachment. Once combined, light and fluffy add the egg to the sugar mixture, then add vanilla extract and mix until combined and smooth. At this point add in the salt, baking soda and flour, mix until combined. Finally add in the peanut butter and mix one last time until fully incorporated. Either grease a cookie sheet or use parchment paper. Using a teaspoon cookie scoop place them 4 across 5 down. Take your 1/4 cup of sugar and use a fork to make hash marks on each cookie. The batter will be quite sticky but with the sugar should easily be pushed down. The cookies do spread but if given even room shouldn't touch when baked. Cook for 6-10 minutes or until edges are golden brown. Let the pan rest for a few minutes to give the cookies a chance to firm up before transferring to a cooling rack. Repeat and enjoy!

Submitter: 
Emily Ann Diamond
Description: 
I love making new recipes and tweaking some as I go. I often find I'm in the baking mood when we don't have all the ingredients. These came out beautifully and taste amazingly addictive. These are not for people on a diet or anyone who cannot stop at just one or two. My sister and I both agreed that they have a similar quality to a packaged cookie in the way that you could just keep eating them and eating them.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 to 25 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
