URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64132892/true-chicken-teriyaki/
Title:
True Chicken Teriyaki Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup mirin
1/4 cup sake
1/4 cup Japanese soy sauce
2 tablespoons sugar
4 large boneless skinless chicken thighs
Kosher salt
Black pepper
Canola oil
1 green onion, green part only, cut into rings  and/or ground sansho pepper

Directions:
Combine the mirin and sake in a small saucepan. Heat over medium-low for 5 minutes, then add the soy sauce and sugar. Stir until dissolved. Adjust the heat to simmer for 20 to 25 minutes, until reduced by about a third and thickened. There should be a very generous 1/2 cup. Set aside to cool and concentrate. Use or store in a jar in the fridge for a week. Return to room temperature before using.
Rinse and pat the thighs dry with paper towel. Poke it with a toothpick or fork to let flavors penetrate. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat a medium skillet over medium heat. Add a small splash of oil. Cook the thighs, smooth side down, for 3 minutes, or until a little golden underneath. Turn each piece over, lower the heat to medium-low or low, then cover; you want a gently hiss. Cook for 8 minutes, or until just cooked through.
Add about 2 tablespoons of the sauce. Turn to coat the chicken, increase the heat to medium. Let the chicken cook in the bubbling sauce for 3 to 5 minutes, turning often, until the sauce has coated the chicken with a reddish-brown gloss. The pan will be have some fat from the chicken as well as the cooked down dark-colored teriyaki sauce.
Transfer the chicken to a plate and let cool for 5 to 10 minutes. Cut across the grain, arrange on a plate and garnish with a sprinkling of green onion and/or sansho pepper. Serve with rice.

Submitter: 
Vincent Appel
Description: 
True chicken teriyaki can be served with white rice, and perhaps some pineapple.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
