URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64145873/bifteki/
Title:
Bifteki Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1381824.jpg
Ingredients:
2 slices of white bread
1 pound ground beef
1 small red onion, finely chopped
1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme
1 teaspoon finely chopped mint
1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh parsley
1 teaspoon dried oregano (preferably Greek)
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1 egg
Freshly ground black pepper
One 2 x 2 x 1-inch block feta cheese, drained

Directions:
Place the bread in the bowl of a food processor and pulse into fine breadcrumbs. Pour the breadcrumbs into a large bowl and add the ground beef, chopped red onion, thyme, mint, parsley, oregano, salt, salt, egg, and black pepper. Mix together with your hands until evenly combined. Break of quarter-sized piece and fry in skillet until cooked (or microwave on high power for 30 seconds). Taste for seasoning and adjust with more salt and pepper as necessary.
Cut off 4 slices of feta 1/2-in wide each. Break off 1/4 of the meat mixture and work into an oval patty. Using your thumb, create a depression running longways through the middle of the patty and place 1 slice of the feta inside it. Form the meat around the cheese and seal, making sure to enclose the entire piece of feta inside of the meat. Repeat 3 more times with the remaining meat and cheese slices.
Light one chimney full of charcoal. When all the charcoal is lit and covered with gray ash, pour out and spread the coals evenly over entire surface of coal grate. Set cooking grate in place, cover gill and allow to preheat for 5 minutes. Clean and oil the grilling grate. Grill the meat patties over high heat until browned on all side and just cooked through (center should read 135 to 145 on instant-read thermometer). Remove from the grill and let rest for 5 minutes. Transfer to a platter and serve with onion slices, tomatoes, and tzatziki.

Submitter: 
Jill Sander
Description: 
After trying the bifteki, I'd say skip the keftedes and go straight to this. You get everything the meatballs are—juicy and beefy with a herb assortment that makes them uniquely Greek—but so much more with addition of Feta. The added creamy and saltiness goes a long way in heightening the flavor and texture of the whole thing. You could put this on a bun and eat burger style, but I like the platter version with tomato, red onion, and tzatziki accompaniments, which round out the meal very nicely.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
35
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
