URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64142320/luisas-caterings-crispy-shrimp-burger/
Title:
Luisas Catering's Crispy Shrimp Burger Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Step 1:
2 Tbsp Butter
1/2 cup thinly sliced onions
1/4 cup finely chopped celery
1/4 cup green bell pepper
2 cloves finely chopped garlic
Step 2:
2 pounds uncooked medium-sized shrimp, peeled, deveined and chopped
1/4 cup green onions
2 eggs
1 cup Panko breadcrumbs
Sea Salt, to taste
Cajun Seasoning, to taste
Fresh lemon juice, to taste
Step 3:
2 tsp Cajun seasoning, divided
1 cup Panko breadcrumbs
1 egg, beaten
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
Step 4:
1/4 cup canola oil

Directions:
Step 1:
In a large skillet, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the onions, celery, bell pepper, and garlic. Cook, stirring, until soft for about 6 minutes.
Step 2:
Transfer the mixture to a large mixing bowl and let cool slightly. Add the chopped shrimp, green onions, 2 eggs, seasonings and 1 cup of the bread crumbs. Stir to mix well. Divide into 8 equal portions and form into patties.
Step 3:
Put the flour in a shallow bowl and season with 1 teaspoon of the Cajun seasoning. Put the remaining 1 cup bread crumbs in another shallow bowl and season with the remaining 1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning. Put the beaten egg in yet another shallow bowl with a little water and beat lightly.
Step 4:
Heat the oil in a large skillets over medium heat. Dredge each patty first in the flour, then in the egg mixture, then in the bread crumbs, turning to coat completely and shaking off any excess. Cook 4 patties at a time skillet, until golden brown, 5 to 6 minutes on each side. Drain on paper towels.
To serve, spread both sides of each toasted bun with some of the tartar sauce, place a patty on the bottom half of the bun, dress with shredded cabbage and tomatoes, and top with the other bun half.

Submitter: 
duboo
Description: 
Luisas Catering's Crispy Shrimp Burger from GroupRecipes.   Wonderful recipe and rewritten into steps to help dummy me.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
