URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64144533/roasted-potato-stacks/
Title:
Roasted Potato Stacks Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 tablespoons olive oil
1/4 tsp garlic powder
1/2 tsp dried thyme (Optional)
1/2 tsp dried rosemary (Optional)
1 pound Russet potatoes (Approx 3 Med-Lg potatoes)
Salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease muffin tin with olive oil or cooking spray.
In a small bowl, mix the first 4 ingredients together.
Look for potatoes of similar diameter so that they line up easily when stacked. Using a Mandolin, thinly slice the potatoes (Approximately 1/8" thick). Starting with the smaller pieces (Because they'll fit the muffin tin better), layer the potato slices one at a time in the bottom of each of the 8 muffin cups. Brush each potato slice with a thin layer of oil. Layer on another slice of potato into each tin and brush again with oil mixture. At every third layer or so (depending on taste preferences), sprinkle with a little S&P to your liking. Repeat stacking, brushing with oil mixture and S&P until you have used up the potato slices. At the top of each stack, finish with S&P and garnish as desired.  *An alternate method to brushing on oil mixture would be to put the slices in a large bowl or ziploc bag and toss with the oil mixture until fully coated prior to layering process.
Bake for 35-45 minutes or until the potatoes are golden brown and cooked through. Garnish as desired.

Submitter: 
Tricia McTamaney
Description: 
Who doesn't love potatoes! My family are potato fanatics. This is an extremely simple and adaptable appetizer or side dish that can suit anyone's taste. Elegant enough for a dinner party or just a simple family meal. You can even use sweet potatoes or squash if desired.  If you want more creamier options, omit the oil and substitute in half-n-half & the cheese of your choice for Au Gratin Potato Stacks or use just heavy cream to turn it into scalloped potato stacks. Really, so many possibilities and variations, the sky or your imagination is the limit!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 minues
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
