URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64145279/easy-chicken-fresca/
Title:
Easy Chicken Fresca Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1379685.jpg
Ingredients:
4 Tablespoons olive oil
1 Tablespoon minced garlic
3 Tablespoons lime juice
A vine ripe or Roma tomato
3/4c Parsley
1.5c Cilantro
4 Boneless chicken breasts
Cayenne pepper
Salt and pepper

Directions:
Dice the tomato, sprinkle with salt.
Mix 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons lime juice, and 3 tablespoons olive oil in medium bowl.
Remove 1 to 1.5 cups of cilantro leaves from stems. The stems are too coarse and get little hairs on them when the leaves are removed haphazardly. Take time to remove leaves cleanly. Use scissors to chop up the leaves.  Pat dry and add to the garlic-lime mixture. Repeat with parsley, about .5 to .75 cup.
Drain moisture from plate of tomatoes, add to mixture with black pepper and a few dashes of cayenne. Taste, adjust as desired, then let sit at room temp while you prep chicken.
Preheat oven to 400 and put skillet on stove on medium-high. Add tablespoon of olive oil. While skillet heats, splash chicken with lime; sprinkle with salt, black pepper, and cayenne. Add to hot skillet. Cook about 3 minutes (so meat is golden), flip. Cook another 3 minutes, transfer to oven. Bake about 10 minutes, then broil for a few minutes at end to amp up golden color. If you have doubts, check temp with meat thermometer in thickest part of chicken to ensure you've reached 165.
Rest chicken then slice thinly. Arrange across plate and top with your fresca topping.

Submitter: 
Stacy Anne Hoehle
Description: 
At my house, anything that tastes even remotely similar to a chimichurri is a huge hit.  This chicken recipe has the fresh flavors reminiscent of chimichurri, but on a weeknight schedule (no food processor or blender clean up!). The sauce isn't really a sauce or salsa, it's more of a fresh relish, so I'm calling it fresca topping.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
about 10 m
Ready in:
about 30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
