URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64156081/louisiana-southern-style-seafood-gumbo/
Title:
Louisiana Southern Style Seafood Gumbo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
?  2 quarts beef stock or canned beef broth
?  1 cup smoked ham, chopped
?  2 bay leaves
?  2 tablespoons crushed red pepper, flaked
?  1 tablespoon salt
?  3 tablespoons vegetable oil
?  3 cups okra, frozen or fresh cut in ½ inch pieces
?  2 large onion, chopped
?  1 green bell pepper, cored, seeded,and minced
?  2 stalks celery, chopped
?  2 cloves garlic,  minced
?  1  16 oz can whole tomatoes, crushed
?  ¼  cup catsup
?  1 tablespoon hot pepper sauce
?  1 tablespoon worcestershire sauce
?  ½ teaspoon dried thyme
?  1 pound shrimp
?  1 pound crab meat or 6 hard-shell crabs cooked and cleaned
?  1 bunch scallions,  chopped
?  12  oysters, shucked with liquid
?  1 cup cooked rice,  plus more for serving
?  OPTIONAL: 1 tablespoon gumbo filè powder,  or serve on the side.  **SEE COOK'S NOTE**

Directions:
1. Combine the stock, ham, bay leaves, red pepper, and 2 teaspoons of the  salt in a large kettle.
Heat to rolling boil over high heat.  Reduce the heat to a simmer, cover, and cook 1 hour.
2. Meanwhile, make the roux: Heat the bacon drippings in a skillet over a  medium heat.  Stir in
the flour until absorbed.Cook over very low heat,  stirring constantly, until flour is dark
mahogany brown and the roux smells nutty,  about 25 minutes.  Be careful not to burn the flour
or the roux is ruined.
3. In a separate large skillet, heat the oil over medium heat.  Add the okra, onions, green peppers,
celery, and garlic. Sautè until almost  tender, about 10 minutes.  Add the tomatoes and cook 5
minutes longer.
4. Add the sautèed vegetables and the roux to the hot beef stock along  with remaining 1 teaspoon
of salt, the catsup, hot pepper sauce, Worcestershire sauce, and thyme. Reduce the heat to very
low and simmer, covered, 1 hour.
5.Stir in shrimp, crabmeat, and scallions into the gumbo. Cook 10 minutes.  Add the oysters, rice,
gumbo filè powder and cook 10 minutes.  Check the seasoning and serve over rice.

Submitter: 
abiyah79
Description: 
Seafood Gumbo Is A Staple In Louisiana, A Very Tasty Treat,& A Cajon Must Eat!!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
