URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64155314/cilantro-lime-chicken-southwestern-quinoa-salad/
Title:
Cilantro Lime Chicken & Southwestern Quinoa Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1412737.jpg
Ingredients:
CILANTRO LIME CHICKEN:
6 lbs BLSL Chicken Breasts, Cut into 3/4" cubes
2 cups cilantro, loosely packed
4 cloves garlic, minced
4 limes, juice (~1/2 cup)
1 cup extra light olive oil
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon cracked black pepper
SOUTHWESTERN QUINOA SALAD
2 cup quinoa
4 cups vegetable or chicken broth (unsalted if possible)
1/2 cup olive oil
4 limes, Juiced (~1/2 cup)
2 small cloves garlic, minced
2 teaspoons cumin
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon cayenne
1/2 cup cilantro, loosely packed
1 bunch asparagus
2 red peppers
1 avocado
8 green onions (scallions), finely chopped.
1-2 cups grape tomatoes, halved
2 (15 ounce) cans black beans, drained and rinsed

Directions:
1 (15 ounce) can black beans, drained and rinsed
4 green onions (scallions), finely chopped
1/4 cup chopped cilantro
directions:
For the Cilantro Lime Chicken:
Place cubed chicken in a large ziplock bag. Add remaining ingredients to a blender or food processor and blend until well combined. Pour mixture over chicken and press air out of bag and seal well. Push the marinade around a bit to make sure the chicken is coated on all sides. Allow to marinade for at least 2 hours (can do this the night before if desired).
Preheat grill to medium high heat. Place chicken cubes on wooden skewers being careful not to overcrowd them. Note: it's a good idea to soak the skewers in water for 20 minutes or so to help prevent them from burning on the grill. When grill is nice and hot, spray it with a little non-stick cooking spray and add the chicken skewers. Grill for 5-7 minutes on each side, making sure that the internal temperature reaches a minimum of 165ºF. Serve hot over the Southwestern quinoa salad.
For the Southwestern Quinoa Salad:
Bring quinoa and broth to a boil over medium high heat. Cover, reduce heat to low, and allow to cook until all the liquid is absorbed (12-18 minutes). allow to cool and then fluff with a fork.
Mix together oil, lime juice, garlic, cumin, salt and cayenne in a glass mixing cup with a spout. Add quinoa to a bowl with black beans, tomatoes and scallions. Pour dressing mixture over them and gently toss to combine. Last, stir in the cilantro and serve. Great served at room temperature (east make-ahead) - or you can refrigerate and serve cold!

Submitter: 
Apron Appeal
Description: 
Think taco salad but soooo much better!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
