URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64152167/chicken-tetrazzini/
Title:
Chicken Tetrazzini Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
9 tablespoons butter
2 tablespoons olive oil
4 boneless skinless chicken breasts
2 1/4 teaspoons salt
1 1/4 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper
1 pound white mushrooms, sliced
1 large onion, finely chopped
5 cloves garlic, minced
1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves
1/2 cup dry white wine
1/3 cup all-purpose flour
4 cups whole milk, room temperature
1 cup heavy whipping cream, room temperature
1 cup chicken broth
1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg
12 ounces linguine
3/4 cup frozen peas
1/4 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves
1 cup grated Parmesan
1/4 cup dried Italian-style breadcrumbs

Directions:
Preheat oven to 450.
Grease 13 by 9 by 2-inch baking dish with 1 tbsp butter. Melt 1 tbsp each of butter and oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Sprinkle chicken with 1/2 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Add chicken to hot pan and cook until pale golden and just cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer the chicken to a plate to cool slightly. Shred the chicken into bite-size pieces and into a large bowl.
Meanwhile, add 1 tablespoon each of butter and oil to same pan. Add mushrooms and saute over medium-high heat until  liquid from mushrooms evaporates and mushrooms become pale golden, about 1-2 minutes. Add onion, garlic, and thyme, and saute until onion is translucent, about 8 minutes. Add  wine and simmer until it evaporates, about 2 minutes. Transfer mushroom mixture to bowl with the chicken.
Melt 3 more tablespoons butter in same pan over medium-low heat. Add flour and whisk for 2 minutes. Whisk in milk, cream, broth, nutmeg, remaining 1 3/4 teaspoons salt, and remaining 3/4 teaspoon pepper. Increase heat to high. Cover and bring to a boil. Simmer, uncovered, until sauce thickens slightly, whisking often, about 10 minutes.
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add linguine and cook until it is tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 9 minutes. Drain. Add linguine, sauce, peas, and parsley to chicken mixture. Toss until sauce coats pasta and mixture is well blended.
Transfer the pasta mixture to the prepared baking dish. Stir the cheese and breadcrumbs in a small bowl to blend. Sprinkle the cheese mixture over the pasta. Dot with the remaining 3 tablespoons of butter. Bake, uncovered, until golden brown on top and the sauce bubbles, about 25 minutes

Submitter: 
Barb0607
Description: 
Traditional Italian Dish
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
