URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64153423/everything-slider-buns/
Title:
Everything Slider Buns Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1406038.jpg
Ingredients:
1½ cups whole milk
½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, diced
4½ teaspoons (2 packets) active dry yeast
4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting
¼ cup, plus 1 tablespoon granulated sugar
1 tablespoon salt
2 egg yolks, whisked with a splash of water
2 tablespoons sesame seeds
2 tablespoons poppy seeds
2 tablespoons sea salt
2 tablespoons granulated onion
2 tablespoons granulated garlic

Directions:
Warm milk and butter in small pot over low heat until the butter has melted. Remove from heat and let cool to between 105° to 115°F.  Sprinkle in the yeast and stir to dissolve. Set aside for 10 minutes or until frothy.
In mixing bowl stir together the flour, sugar and salt for a few seconds, until combined. Add the milk/yeast mixture and stir with a wooden spoon (or dough hook, if using mixer) until the dough is somewhat smooth and elastic, about 4 to 5 minutes.
Transfer dough to a lightly floured work surface and continue to knead by hand until the it is soft and completely smooth and elastic, another 3 to 5 minutes.  Shape the dough into a ball and return to the mixing bowl that has been oiled. Cover with plastic and let rise 1 hour or until doubled in size.
On a lightly floured work surface, roll out the dough into a 9 inch square and cut into 24 even pieces apx 45g each.  Roll the dough pieces one by one into a tight ball, place onto the prepared baking sheets, cover and let rise 30 minutes, or until doubled in size.
Preheat oven to 375°F. Brush the rolls with the egg wash (egg yolks whisked with a splash of water) and sprinkle each, liberally, with sesame seeds, poppy seeds, salt, granulated onion and garlic. Bake for about 12 to 14" or until golden brown, or until  internal temperature reaches 190°F. Transfer the buns to a wire rack and allow to cool completely. Cut in half and use as burger buns or serve as dinner rolls. Can be stored in an airtight container or plastic bag at room temperature for up to 1 week.

Submitter: 
Litegal1
Description: 
Incredible edible slider buns / rolls / hamburger buns (if you fee like making larger ones instead of slider buns).  Light and fluffy, yet held up beautifully to BBQ chicken bacon sliders we made.  Not sure how they'll hold up to large burgers, but I'm going to find out!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 1/2 hr
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
