URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64161013/beef-pot-pie/
Title:
Beef Pot Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1431806.jpg
Ingredients:
1	pound stew meat, trimmed and cut into small bite size pieces
2	tablespoons olive oil
1	teaspoon garlic powder, or to taste
1	teaspoon onion powder, or to taste
1 	large onion, chopped (1 cup)
¾	cup sliced or chopped mushrooms
1 ¼	cups diced potatoes
1	two inch sprig of rosemary (optional)
2 	teaspoons beef base
2	cups beef broth (or more if necessary)
1/2     teaspoon kitchen bouquet (optional)
½	teaspoon ground thyme plus 1/8 teaspoon divided
½	cup canned carrots (or fresh small baby carrots)
¾	cup sweet peas
½ 	cup chopped broccoli (optional)
1	package pie crust for 2 crust pie.
1	egg
1	tablespoon water
2	tablespoons wondra flour
2	tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon water
Salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Thaw or warm pie crusts according to package directions.  Put bottom crust in pie pan, brush with egg wash and poke holes in bottom with a fork to keep the crust from bubbling up. Once done remove from oven and let cool, while you cook the filling.
in a large skillet over medium high heat add oil, and let get hot before adding the beef.  Season beef with salt and pepper, garlic powder, thyme and onion powder, cook and brown beef for 3 minutes.
Add onions mushrooms and rosemary sprig (if using fresh carrots add them now); continue cooking beef mixture covered for another 15 to 20 minutes, adding about ¼ to ½ cup of broth to keep a little moisture in pan.  After 15 minutes add potatoes; continue cooking for another 10 minutes.  Remove rosemary sprig.
With a strainer over a large bowl, pour contents of skillet into strainer  Drain for a few seconds.  If using canned vegetables drain and add them to the strainer with the beef mixture. Pour liquid back into skillet. Set meat mixture aside.
Add all beef broth to skillet, 1/8 teaspoon ground thyme or leaves.  Beef base, 1/8 teaspoon thyme and bring to a boil.  Taste and adjust seasonings.  Mix flour and water, whisking to make sure all of the lumps are gone.  Slowly while whisking constantly add the flour mixture to the broth to make the gravy.  Once done, add gravy to bowl with beef mixture.  Stir and add to baked pie crust; top with second crust and brush with egg wash.  Poke air holes in top crust and bake for 30 to 40 minutes.

Submitter: 
Semigourmet
Description: 
Rich Creamy and a great way to use up some leftover pot roast, gravy and extra veggies also.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
