URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64166047/paleo-raspberry-chocolate-cupcakes/
Title:
Paleo Raspberry Chocolate Cupcakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Cake
1 cup coconut oil
1 cup coconut sugar
1/2 cup coconut flour
2/3 cup arrowroot starch
1/2 cup cacao powder
2 tsp baking soda
1/2 cup raw honey
1/2 cup water
8 large eggs
2 tsp vanilla
Raspberry Sauce
10 oz of raspberries
1 tsp lemon juice
1/4 cup raw honey
1 tsp gelatin
Ganache
6 oz semi sweet chocolate chips
2/3 cup full fat coconut milk

Directions:
FOR THE CAKE: Whip together the coconut oil and coconut sugar in a large mixer until combined, about 3 minutes on high speed.
Sift together the coconut flour, arrowroot flour, cocoa powder, and baking soda in a separate bowl. Whisk together the eggs, honey, water, and extract in a large glass.
Add about a third of the dry ingredients and a third of the liquid ingredients to the mixing bowl and mix until combined. Repeat adding the ingredients in batches until all mixed and uniform.
Evenly portion the cake batter into muffin tin cups. Bake at 350F for 25-28 minutes, until an inserted toothpick comes out clean.
Remove from the oven and let the cakes cool for about 10 minutes. Gently remove the cakes from the tin cups using a rubber spatula and set on a cooling rack upside down.
FOR THE RASPBERRY SAUCE: Reserve a few raspberries for garnish.
7.Gently heat the raspberries, lemon juice, and honey for about 5 minutes. Remove from heat when the mixture looks uniform. Sprinkle the gelatin on the jam and mix until dissolved.
FOR THE CHOCOLATE GANACHE: Heat the coconut milk to a very low boil. Add to the half of the chocolate chips and mix until fully combined. Then add the rest and mix until uniform. Let cool to a thick yet pourable consistency before use.
ASSEMBLY: Scoop out a portion of cupcake from the center, careful not to puncture it completely. Fill the hole with about a tablespoon of the raspberry sauce.
Spread the chocolate over the top of the cupcakes in a circular motion toward the cupcake edges. Let the chocolate goodness fall to the sides.

Submitter: 
Noel Keen
Description: 
A gluten free cupcake, that tastes great on it's own, but made better with raspberry sauce and chocolate ganache!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
NA
