URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64168065/butternut-squash-raviolis-with-oven-roasted-squash-seeds-and-browned-butter/
Title:
Butternut Squash Raviolis with Oven Roasted Squash Seeds and Browned Butter Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1458522.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 small butternut squash (peeled, cubed, and seeds set aside),
1 package butternut squash raviolis (I recommend Trader Joe's),
1/4 C salted butter,
2 Garlic Cloves, minced
Light Olive Oil,
Parmesan cheese,
Salt,

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 400 degrees
2. Poke holes in squash with fork. Put whole butternut squash in the microwave for 2 minutes to soften. Once softened, peel entire squash. Then, cut squash in half, separating fat bottom from skinny top. Use the bottom half, as the seeds are stored here. Carve out seeds, set aside, and cut squash into small cubes (0.5" big). Save top half for another yummy recipe.
3.  In a bowl, toss squash with olive oil, just enough to coat. Season with salt and lay out flat on a foiled cookie sheet. Bake for about 35 minutes.
4. Meanwhile, rinse squash seeds and remove any leftover fibers. Dry seeds between a few paper towels. Then, in a bowl toss the seeds with olive oil, just enough to barely coat, and sprinkle with salt. Bake on foiled cookie sheet for about 15 min.
5. Bring a pot of salted water to a boil and cook raviolis (per package instructions).
6. When raviolis are almost done cooking, brown butter on medium heat in small saucepan. Stir constantly as butter turns from browned to burned quickly.  Add garlic about half way through. This process takes about 3-5 minutes. Remove pan from heat.
7. Plate raviolis and top with roasted squash cubes and seeds. Drizzle raviolis with butter and finish with Parmesan cheese.

Submitter: 
Lauren
Description: 
I needed to get creative when my butternut squash plant started going wild. This turned out sweet, salty, and delicious. Would be great for a dinner party, the holidays, or a cozy night at home.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
50
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
