URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64161979/chili-con-carnes-y-frijoles/
Title:
Chili Con Carnes y Frijoles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1435393.jpg
Ingredients:
4 slices of bacon
2 lbs ground chuck
1 large onion, chopped
1 large bell pepper, chopped
1 large jalapeno, diced
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 tsp Kosher salt
1/4 cup chili powder
1 TBSP cayenne pepper
1 TBSP chipotle pepper
1 TBSP ground cumin
2 tsp paprika
2 tsp dried oregano
2 TBSP tomato paste
1 12 oz Guinness
2 TBSP unsweetened cocoa powder
2 28 oz can plum tomatoes, crushed
1 1/2 cup low sodium beef broth, more if needed
1 15 oz can dark red kidney beans, drain and rinsed (optional)
1 15 oz can light red kidney beans, drain and rinsed (optional)
1 15 oz can navy beans, drain and rinsed (optional)
2 TBSP hot sauce

Directions:
Cook the bacon in a large saucepan or Dutch oven over medium heat until crisp, 6 to 8 minutes per side.
Drain on a paper towel-lined plate and let cool, then crumble and set aside.
Pour off all but 1 tablespoon of the bacon drippings from the saucepan (reserve the drippings).
Increase the heat to medium high; add the beef and cook, breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, until browned, about 8 minutes.
Transfer to a plate using a slotted spoon; wipe out the pan.
Heat 1 tablespoon of the reserved bacon drippings in the saucepan over medium-high heat.
Add the onion, bell pepper and jalapeno and cook, stirring, until soft, about 5 minutes.
Add the garlic and 1 teaspoon salt and cook until garlic blooms.
Add the chili powder, cayenne, chipotle’, cumin, paprika, oregano and tomato paste and cook, stirring, until the tomato paste is brick red, about 6 minutes (add a splash of beef broth if the mixture begins to stick).
Add the beer and simmer until almost completely reduced, about 3 minutes.
Stir in the beef and bacon and any juices from the plate; add the cocoa powder, tomatoes, beef broth and beans and bring to a simmer over low heat.
Cook, stirring occasionally, until the chili thickens slightly, about 1 hour, 30 minutes.
Stir the hot sauce into the chili and season with salt to taste.
Add some beef broth if the chili is too thick.

Submitter: 
Dianna Jacobs-Fresh
Description: 
Five alarm full flavor chili with or without beans.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
105
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
