URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64163923/chipotle-flat-bread/
Title:
Chipotle Flat Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1442675.jpg
Ingredients:
Chipotle Chicken
- 4 Chicken Breasts
- Chipotle Seasoning
Chipotle Pesto
- 1/2 Cup Natural Blend Oil (Crisco Olive/Canola Oil)
- 1 Cup of Parmesan Cheese
- 5 TableSpoons of Minced Garlic
- Chipotle Seasoning (To Taste)
- Seasoned Salt (To Taste)
Pico de Gallo
- 1/2 Cup Diced Red Onions (1/4 Onion)
- 2 Diced Roma Tomatoes
- 1 Green Pepper (Desired Amount)
- 1/4 Red Pepper (Desired Amount)
- 1/4 Cup Diced Jalapeño (Seedless)
- 3 Oz of lime juice (1 Lime Juice Container)
- Chopped Cilantro (Desired Amount)
- Seasoned Salt (To Taste)
- Kosher Salt (To Taste)
Flatbread
- Individual Flatbread of your choice

Directions:
First take zip-lock bag and place chicken breast inside.
Add splash of water to assist with seasoning to cover chicken.
Add chipotle seasoning into bag (Desired hotness)
Shake chicken in bag until chicken is decently covered in chipotle sauce.
Place chicken in skillet and cook until chicken is above 165 (F) degrees.
Cut chicken as desired and keep up to temperature.
Second make the Chipotle Pesto Sauce.
Mix oil and garlic, let stand for 15 minutes.
Mix chipotle and season salt, mix well.
Add Parmesan Cheese and mix to texture.
Pre-heat oven to 400 degrees (Follow Flatbread Heating Instructions).
While oven is heating, make Pico de Gallo.
Mix Diced Tomatoes, Onions, Jalapeños, Green Peppers, and Red Peppers together.
Pour lime juice, add seasoned salt and kosher salt.
Add Cilantro and mix well.
When oven is done pre-heating, heat flatbread for 10 minutes.
Pull flatbread out and add Chipotle Pesto Sauce, Chopped Chicken, and Cheese and place back into oven.
Flatbread is done when cheese is melted and flatbread is a golden brown.
Cut in diagonal servings and serve.

Submitter: 
Casey McLaughlin
Description: 
This is a Chipotle Chicken Flat Bread recipe I have pieced together in hopes to create a copy-cat of the famous Chili's Bar & Grill Cajun Chicken Flat Bread. It has the same concept of the restaurants dish but adds a home style feel to it and I think the recipe turned out great!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
45  m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
