URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64163370/wild-goose-sausage-and-shrimp-gumbo/
Title:
Wild Goose, Sausage, and Shrimp Gumbo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound smoked sausage, cut into 1/4 inch rounds
1/4 cup olive oil
2 tablespoons butter
1-2 pounds wild goose breast, sliced into thin strips
1 cup milk
2/3 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 diced celery
2 cups chopped onion, divided
2/3 cup green bell pepper, finely chopped
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
1 tablespoon minced garlic
1 pound medium shrimp - peeled and deveined
8 cups chicken broth
salt to taste
cajun seasoning to taste
ground black pepper to taste
1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1 teaspoon dried thyme
2 bay leaves
filé powder

Directions:
In a skillet, brown sausage over medium heat.  Remove from pan, and drain on paper towels to remove some of the fat.  Discard fat in pan.
In a large skillet, heat vegetable oil over high heat.  Sauté 1 cup of the onion, 1/2 T of garlic, and the celery in the olive oil and butter. Add goose pieces and turn frequently until golden brown on all sides.  With a slotted spoon, transfer vegetables and goose meat to a dish, leaving oil in pan.  Set aside, but keep warm.
Make a roux by whisking flour into the hot vegetable oil.  Turn heat down to low.  Continue cooking flour and oil mixture, stirring constantly, until it reaches a dark brown color. This may take 30 to 45 minutes;  the darker the roux, the better the final gumbo.
When the roux is a dark brown color, quickly add the sausage, remaining onion, green pepper, parsley, and garlic.  Cook over low heat until the vegetables are wilted, about 10 minutes, stirring constantly.
Stir in 2 cups chicken broth and spices.  Add goose and vegetables.  Add rest of the broth slowly.  Bring mixture to a boil, and reduce heat.  Simmer for about 45 minutes, until goose is done and tender.
Add shrimp to gumbo; cook for about 8 to 10 minutes more.  Remove bay leaves.  Taste, and adjust seasoning.  Serve gumbo in deep bowls.  Sprinkle file powder over individual servings, and stir in.

Submitter: 
Julie Tramp
Description: 
This is a recipe for a classic, dark brown, shrimp gumbo in true Louisiana Cajun country fashion.  Serve over rice.  Browning the chicken pieces in the oil used for the roux adds flavor to the dish.  I use the cooked chicken for chicken salad.  File is added off the heat to thicken the gumbo. If added while the gumbo is still cooking, it may become stringy and unpleasant.  File is ground sassafras leaves.  It is available in many supermarkets.Modified from: Merwin's Shrimp Gumbo
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
