URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64164840/reverse-sear-skillet-grilled-steak-done-right/
Title:
Reverse Sear Skillet Grilled Steak Done Right! Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1) Defrosted Decently Marbled Steak
-Marinade
2) 2 tbsp A1 Steak Sauce
3) 4 tbsp Unsalted Butter, Melted
4) 1 tbsp Grated Garlic
-Steak Seasoning
5) Coarse Salt
6) Ground Black Pepper
-Tools
Warm Water
Deep Baking Pan
Aluminum Foil
Zip Lock Bag
Cast Iron Skillet and something that will get it really HOT! Preferably outside! Like a out door grill or stove
If you don't have that.. then the Oven Broiler will work OK ish.

Directions:
1) Add Marinade ingredients and steak to zip-lock bag. Make sure it's mixed well.
3) Fill baking pan with warm water in the sink. Take the zip-lock bag and close most of it except for a small hole in the corner. Then slowly submerge the zip-lock bag in the pan filled with water, bottom first. The idea is that the water will push as much of the air out of the bag as possible, but make sure no water gets in the bag. Close the bag and leave it in the warm water for 2 hours. This serves two purposes.. keeps the butter melted and brings the steak up to temperature.
3) Preheat oven to 235.
4) Empty the water out of the pan. Take a nice big piece of aluminum foil and cover the pan. Take the steak out of the zip-lock bag and place it on the foil. Be sure to get all the marinade in there as well. Fold up the sides of the foil to create a tight bowl around the steak. Allowing it to be covered in the juices
5) Place it in the oven and bake it until it's 10 degrees below your targeted doneness. Look it up if you don't know! 15 degrees below if you don't have a grill and skillet. May take 15-30 mins depending on size of steak.
6) Remove steak from oven once done and liberally season both sides with the Salt and Pepper. Leave it to rest.
7) Start getting your skillet or broiler to temperature. Hotter the better! For the Skillet you want to see the bottom of the skillet turning silver!
7) Sear that steak 1 Minute per side on the Skillet, About 30-60 seconds more if using the broiler. You want a really nice crust.
Pull the steak off and enjoy.

Submitter: 
vinnx
Description: 
This a recipe and combinations of cooking methods I've developed over a few years. This is the recipe I use to bring out the most flavorful, tender, and juicy piece of steak. 

Just make sure you get a nice thick cut with the best marbling you can find. No recipe in the world can fix a bad cut of beef.. this just helps make that cut of beef be the best it can be.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
2 h 40 mins
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
