URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64177153/gnocchi-with-sinful-gorgonzola-sauce/
Title:
Gnocchi  With Sinful Gorgonzola Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/918538.jpg
Ingredients:
1 Lb Gnocchi
Extra Virgin Olive Oil
1/4 Lb Panchetta diced
1/4 Cup dry white wine
1/4 Cup Heavy Cream
4 Oz Gorgonzola crumbled
1/2 Tbsp Tomato Paste
1/2 Cup Broth Beef or Chicken
2 Cloves Garlic Minced
Fresh Black pepper
Fresh chopped parsley about 1/4 cup

Directions:
Prepare a deep pot of water to cook the gnocchi.
In a skillet add 1bout 1 tbsp olive oil and when very hot render the fat out of the panhcetta on a medium low flame. When the panchetta is crisp remove it an reserve for later leaving as much of the rendered oils as possible in the skillet. If there is not enough oils in the skillet to saute the garlic add a touch more olive oil.
Continue on a low the flame and add the garlic allow the garlic to soften but not brown about 1 minute. Raise the flame to medium and add the wine. Scrap the bottom of the skillet to pick up any of the flavor from the bottom into the wine and garlic. When the wine reduces and thickens to about 1/3 add the tomato paste and mix well. Add the broth when the tomato paste blends in. Look to get a thick sauce bring to a boil.
Add the Gorgonzola and allow it to melt. Taste and add 1/2 tsp of black pepper. Add the cream and bring to a simmer.  You should have a pot of boiling water ready. When the water is at a brisk boil add salt cover bring back to a brisk boil.
Add the gnocchi to a pot of salted boiling water. Remove the gnocchi about 1 minute prior to fully cooked from the boiling water and strain. Reserve about 1 cup of that water. Pour the semi cooked gnocchi into the simmering skillet. If the sauce seems a bit dry add a touch of the water you reserved.
Put into your serving platter add the parsley add the pancetta. Plate and serve.

Submitter: 
Cathy Myers
Description: 
My son requested this for his birthday party. He had this once at a Italian restaurant so I this is my take on this old world northern Italian recipe.Modified from: Gnocchi  With Sinful Gorgonzola Sauce
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
