URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64179076/chicken-stir-fry/
Title:
Chicken Stir-Fry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups white rice
4 cups water
1/3 cup soy sauce
1/4 cup brown sugar
1 tablespoon cornstarch
1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger
1 tablespoon minced garlic
1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes
3 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, thinly sliced
1 tablespoon sesame oil
1 green bell pepper, cut into matchsticks
1 (8 ounce) can sliced water chestnuts, drained
1 head broccoli, broken into florets
1 cup sliced carrots
1 onion, cut into large chunks
1 tablespoon sesame oil

Directions:
Bring rice and water to a boil in a saucepan over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until rice is tender, and liquid has been absorbed, 20 to 25 minutes.
Combine soy sauce, brown sugar, and corn starch in a small bowl; stir until smooth. Mix ginger, garlic, and red pepper into sauce; coat chicken with marinade and refrigerate for at least 15 minutes.
Heat 1 tablespoon sesame oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir bell pepper, water chestnuts, broccoli, carrots, and onion until just tender, about 5 minutes. Remove vegetables from skillet and keep warm.
Remove chicken from marinade, reserving liquid. Heat 1 tablespoon sesame oil in skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir chicken until slightly pink on the inside, about 2 minutes per side; return vegetables and reserved marinade to skillet. Bring to a boil; cook and stir until chicken is no longer pink in the middle and vegetables are tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Serve over rice.

Submitter: 
Colleen Robertson Curtiss
Description: 
This chicken stir-fry is a little spicy and a little sweet. Fresh ginger and garlic add a little kick, which is balanced with brown sugar. Though the recipe calls for bell peppers, water chestnuts, and broccoli, try it with any vegetable you like!Modified from: Chicken Stir-Fry
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
