URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64173927/never-fail-gluten-free-pie-crust/
Title:
Never Fail Gluten Free Pie Crust Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4136690.jpg
Ingredients:
1/8 cup gluten free brown rice flour
1 cup salted butter, cold (226 grams)
2 1/2 cups gluten free flour mix
2 medium eggs, cold from the fridge
1/4 cup ice cold water (or as needed)
1/2 tsp apple cider vinegar
Extra flour for dusting.

Directions:
Put the 1/8 cup of rice flour into a resealable plastic bag. Cut the butter into 1/2 inch cubes, add them piece by piece, into the bag and toss to make sure the cubes are evenly, but completely, coated with flour. Seal and place in the freezer.
Beat the egg and vinegar together. Put in the refrigerator until needed.
Wait 15 minutes or until the butter has hardened.
Put the all-purpose flour in a mixing bowl and "cut in" the butter with your fingers until all the mixture resembles pebbles.  Leave some fingertip sized lumps of fat intact to create pockets in the baked crust.
Add the egg and vinegar mixture.
Mix in the water Tbsp by Tbsp  until the dough is in one complete ball but not sticky.  This final amount of all purpose flour will depend on your flour mix. Do not overwork the dough or add too much flour in order to maintain the fat/flour ratio. This will leave as many pockets of fat as possible to create the flake that makes this pie crust unique. Roll into a ball and cover with plastic.
Refrigerate until chilled completely, about 30 minutes.
Lightly dust a work space with some extra flour or rice flour and roll out or press  the crust to the desired form and thickness. Do not overwork.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
A gluten free pie crust using common ingredients. I've adjusted the method over time and have found this final recipe to work every time. It is perfect for both sweet and savoury dishes. The trick is leaving large chunks of butter, whole, so they create a flaky crust. The baked crust holds its shape quite well and serves a nice slice of filled pie beautifully without falling apart.  This pie crust freezes well both before and after baking.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
