URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64181418/polenta-with-lemony-asparagus-and-chickpeas/
Title:
Polenta with Lemony Asparagus and Chickpeas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Polenta
1 cup water
2 cups vegetable broth or “no-chicken” broth
1 cup polenta
2 teaspoons minced garlic
1 teaspoon dried basil
Chickpeas
1/2 medium onion, chopped fine
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 1/2 cups cooked chickpeas (or canned, drained and rinsed)
1/2 cup vegetable broth or “no-chicken” broth
1/2 teaspoon dried basil
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 teaspoon lemon zest (peel), freshly grated
1 teaspoon lemon juice
1 teaspoon arrowroot or cornstarch
1/4 cup water
Asparagus
12 ounces asparagus, ends trimmed and stalks cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces
1 teaspoon lemon peel, freshly grated
lemon juice, to taste
coarse or flaky salt (such as Maldon), to taste
4 teaspoons pine nuts (lightly toasted)

Directions:
Mince garlic in food processor (5 tsp)
Chop onion, grate lemon peel, measure starch into 1/4 measuring cup and set aside.
Sauté the onion in a medium-sized sauce pan until it begins to soften, about 3 minutes.
Add 3 tsp. garlic and drained chickpeas and stir for another minute.
Add the broth, basil, and pepper. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 5 minutes.
Mix the arrowroot or cornstarch with 1/4 cup water and add it to the pan. Cook over medium low heat until slightly thickened. Add the lemon peel and juice. Keep warm.
Bring liquids to a boil in a heavy, deep saucepan, and slowly stir in polenta, garlic, and basil. Reduce heat and simmer gently, stirring frequently to prevent sticking, until very thick, about 10 min. If it has stuck to pan, cover for awhile and it will usually mix right in.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil and blanch asparagus for 2 minutes. Drain well and toss with a squeeze of fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon of lemon zest, and coarse salt to taste.
Divide the polenta among 4 plates, and top each with a quarter of the chickpeas and asparagus. Sprinkle 1 teaspoon of toasted pine nuts over each serving.

Submitter: 
Wilma Laura Wiggins
Description: 
This is from FatFree Vegan Kitchen, slightly rearranged. With a huge bag of Costco asparagus in my refrigerator, and a love for polenta, this seemed perfect.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
5 min
Ready in:
27 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
