URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64186733/roasted-russet-and-sweet-potatoes-with-mushrooms-and-gruyere-cheese/
Title:
Roasted Russet and Sweet Potatoes with Mushrooms and Gruyere Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1519415.jpg
Ingredients:
1 Large Russet Potato, sliced into 1/4" slices
1 Large Sweet Potato, cubed into 3/4" chunks
1/4 cup Red Onion, diced
8 Cloves of Garlic, sliced
2 c. Brown Mushrooms in 1/4" slices
1/4 c. Cilantro leaves, no stems
1/3 c. Gruyère Cheese, grated.
1/4 c. Olive Oil + more if needed
Black Pepper
Salt, each to taste.

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 350°F
2. In an 8x8x2 baking dish (like a brownie pan), add 1      Tbsp. olive oil and coat bottom. Set aside.
3. In a non-stick or heavy skillet, place mushrooms over medium-high heat until they are toasted. Turn and stir every 3 or 4 minutes. ***Do not add oil or water or salt or anything at this stage. The pan will collect a coating of brown mushroom flavor, this is what you want. You are doing a dry toast.
4. When mushrooms are golden, remove to a dish. Turn heat down to simmer, allow to cool down, and add remaining 1/8 cup of water and scrape up the mushroom coating as much as you can.
5. Add onions and garlic to pan, stir to coat. Sautè mixture until onions and garlic are clear, about 10 minutes.
6. In 8x8x2 baking dish, add the russet slices and sweet potato chunks, top with mushrooms, onion and garlic mixture from the pan (scrape the seasoned olive oil onto the potatoes, too) and toss, making sure to coat all sides of the potatoes.
7. Sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste, about 1/4 tsp. each.
8. Place on center rack of oven at 350°F for 45 - 55 minutes, until a fork in the sweet potatoes has no resistance and tops of potatoes are golden and a bit crusty.
9. Toss a bit, and sprinkle the top with Gruyère cheese and cilantro and pop back into the oven 5 minutes more to melt cheese.
I love to serve this on a toasted corn tortilla with some chilpotle sauce and a squeeze of lime. To die for!

Submitter: 
BeachMom65
Description: 
Savory and satisfying, this is both a side dish and entrèe as well, perfect for cold nights, afternoon BBQ's and holidays! I had one russet potato and one sweet potato, and so decided to toss it up with some mushrooms...voila! So good....with sautèed mushrooms, onions and garlic.... you can't miss with this one.  

Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5-10 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
