URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64181891/chocolate-macarons-with-a-chocolate-ganache/
Title:
Chocolate Macarons with a Chocolate Ganache Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
120 grams dark chocolate (should at least 50%); melted near last stage before baking
300 grams almond flour or ground almonds
300 grams powdered sugar
110 grams egg whites (needs to be room temperature, but preferably aged overnight; the day before making these macarons, separate 220 grams of egg whites in a bowl, and cover with cling wrap. Put into the fridge.)
300 grams sugar
75 grams water
110 grams egg whites (needs to be room temperature, but preferably aged overnight; the day before making these macarons, separate 220 grams of egg whites in a bowl, and cover with cling wrap. Put into the fridge.)
¼ teaspoon cream of tartar
For Ganache (Chocolate Filling)
4 ounces dark or bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped
1/2 cup heavy cream
2 tablespoons unsalted butter (room temperature); cut into cubes

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 F° Put almond flour and powdered sugar in the bowl of a food processor. Blend until very fine (1-2 min). Take the mix & sift together in bowl to get any lumps out of it. Place the almond flour & powdered sugar mix in a bowl. Make a well in the center & add 110 grams of the egg whites into it. Don’t mix yet!
In a stand mixer with the whisk attachment, add the remaining 110 grams of egg whites. Don’t mix yet either. In a small saucepan, bring granulated sugar & water to a boil. Attach a candy thermometer to the saucepan.
Once the sugar syrup mix has reached 239 F°, turn the mixer onto high speed. Mix until foamy, (about 30 seconds) & stop. Add in cream of tartar. (This stabilizes your batter). Turn the mixer back on & mix until soft peaks have achieved, 2-4 min. Lift up the whisk attachment & turn upside down. If the mix is stable & glossy your macaron batter is good to go!
When the sugar syrup mix reaches 244 F° take off the heat. Turn mixer off, & slowly add the sugar syrup mix. Continue to beat for 3-4 more min.
The mix should not be too warm. It should be at 122 F° or lower. If not, let cool for a few min until it reaches that temperature.
Now, incorporate the egg white & sugar syrup mix into the almond flour & powdered sugar mix. Add the melted chocolate in at this time as well.
Now, you will need to fold the mix with a rubber spatula many times to release the air & incorporate everything together. Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper. Pipe macarons onto the sheet. Bang the cookie sheet on table. You should see air bubbles come up to the top & slightly pop. Let cool at room temp. for 25 min. Bake the macarons for 8-11 min checking constantly, opening the oven door 2-3 times to allow air in. Let cool. Check notes for ganache and assembly

Submitter: 
Leeves
Description: 
This is a holiday hit! This will take you time to perfect, but boy does it pay off. Read recipe thoroughly and you should have amazing macarons!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h and 30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
