URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64183966/super-banana-muffins/
Title:
Super Banana Muffins Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1510583.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/2 cup butter
*substitute any portion of butter with equal amounts of plain yogurt and/or applesauce for a lower fat recipe
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
*1/2 cup chopped walnuts, pecans, chocolate chips, and/or shredded coconut as desired
3/4 cup brown sugar
2 eggs
2 1/2 cups mashed overripe bananas

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a standard muffin pan and a mini muffin pan and lightly grease the liners with cooking spray.
In a large bowl, mash bananas.  Transfer to a measuring cup until amount required for the recipe is reached.  Rinse and dry bowl, then cream together butter and brown sugar in it.
Beat eggs and vanilla in a medium bowl, then rinse and dry bowl to reuse for the dry ingredients.  Add eggs, vanilla and mashed bananas until well blended.
Sift flour, baking soda, cinnamon, ginger and salt into the medium bowl.  Mix in nuts or any other optional additions to the dry ingredients.
Stir the dry ingredients into the wet, just to moisten. Use an in ice cream scoop to fill the prepared standard muffin pan.
Bake in preheated oven for 8 to 10 minutes, while filling the mini muffin pan using a tablespoon.  Turn standard muffins, and insert mini pan.  Bake another 15 minutes, turning the mini pan once, until a toothpick inserted into center comes out clean.
Let muffins cool in pan on a wire rack for 5-10 minutes.  Serve with room temperature butter or margarine.

Submitter: 
Cori
Description: 
This is a moist and delicious very banana muffin recipe adaptation of 'Banana Banana Bread' that's great for tweaking to suit your fancy.  Lightly butter the muffin tops when they come out of the oven, and serve warm with room temperature butter or margarine.  These are also delicious plain served with your favorite nut butter or chocolate hazelnut spread instead of butter.  Yum!Modified from: Banana Banana Bread
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
45-50 m
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
NA
