URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64199837/southwestern-chicken-tortilla-casserole/
Title:
Southwestern Chicken Tortilla Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1571751.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cubed and cooked in advance
8 to 10 corn tortillas, cut in half
1 (10-oz) bag fresh spinach or 1 (10-oz) pkg frozen spinach, thawed and drained
1 Tbsp olive oil
1 small onion, chopped
1 green bell pepper, cored, seeded and chopped
1 jalapeno pepper seeded and minced
2 (15-oz) cans black beans, rinsed and drained
1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro
1 (8-oz) container sour cream
3 cups thick and chunky salsa, divided use
2-3 cups shredded Mexican-style or Monterey Jack cheese, divided use

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Lightly coat the tortilla halves with nonstick cooking spray. Place on a baking sheet and bake 5-8 minutes or until lightly crisp, turning once.
Meanwhile, in a large skillet combine spinach and 2 tablespoons water; cover and cook over medium heat 3 to 4 minutes or until wilted. Transfer to a colander; drain well. In same skillet, heat oil over medium heat. Add onion; cook and stir 2 minutes. Add bell pepper and jalapeno; cook and stir 3 to 4 minutes or until tender. Stir in beans; cook until heated through. Stir in cilantro and cooked chicken; remove from heat.
Lightly coat a 9 x 13 baking dish with nonstick cooking spray. Arrange enough tortilla pieces on bottom of dish to cover in single layer. Then layer spinach, sour cream, half the black bean mixture and one cup of the salsa. Top that with another layer of tortilla halves, half the cheese, the remaining black bean mixture, another cup of the salsa, and any remaining tortillas. Top all with the remaining cheese and salsa.
Bake 30 to 40 minutes or until cheese begins to brown. Remove from oven and cover with foil. Let stand 10 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Cheri
Description: 
A tantalizing mix of aromas and flavors awaits your family and friends with this delightful casserole that's sure to please, especially when complemented with Mexican-style rice and salad.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
