URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64191418/pumpkin-cheesecake-pie-with-gingersnap-crust/
Title:
Pumpkin-Cheesecake pie with Gingersnap Crust Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 oz gingersnaps (about 23) broken into small pieces
3 tbps sugar
4 tbps unsalted butter melted
12 oz cream cheese room temp
3/4 cup sugar
3/4 cup canned pumpkin puree
1 egg plus 1 egg yolk
1tbsp plus 1 1/4 tsp all purpose flour
1/2 tsp coarse salt
3/4 tsp ground cinnamon
1/2 tsp ground ginger
pinch of ground cloves
Meringue
3/4 cup sugar
3 egg whites room temp

Directions:
Crust
preheat oven to 350 degrees
Pulse gingersnaps and sugar in a food processor until fine crumbs form.  Add butter and pulse to combine.  Press mixture evenly into bottton and up sides of a 9 inch pie dish.  Freeze until firm about 30 mintues
Bake crust until golden in spots about 15 minutes.  With the bottom of measuring cup gently flatten bottom and sides of crust.  Let cook completely on a wire rack.  Reduce heat on oven to 325 degrees
filling
Pulse cream cheese in food processor until smooth.   Add sugar and pumpkin and process until smooth occasionally scraping down side of bow.  Add egg and yolk, flour, salt, cinnamon, ginger and cloves.  Process until incorporated
Pour filling into cooled shell and bake until custard is just about set about 30 minutes.  Let cool completely on a wire rack then refrigerate at least 4 hours and up to overnight.
Meringue
combine sugar and egg whies in a heatproof mixing bowl.  Set bow over simmering water (not boiling).  whisk until sugar dissolves and whites are warm.  Remove from heat.  Beat on high spead until thick, glossy stiff peaks form.  about 6 mintues
Transfer meringue to a patry bag fitted with a large leaf tip.  Pipe leaves around boarder or cilled pie.  Holding a small kitchen rorch at a 90 degree angle 3 inches from surface of meringue move flame back and forth over meringue until it starts to brown or broil 6 to 8 inches from heat source about 1 minute   Serve immediately

Submitter: 
Nadine
Description: 
Martha stewart mag
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
6 h plus
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
