URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64190463/maggies-crock-pot-pasta-sauce-with-greens/
Title:
Maggie's Crock Pot Pasta Sauce with Greens Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1532899.jpg
Ingredients:
4-5 Hot Italian Sausage links, keep the links in their casing  (can be made with turkey sausage for a healthier option)
4-6 cloves garlic minced
1 large onion roughly chopped
15 ounces chopped tomatoes (canned is fine)
5 ounces pureed tomatoes
basil
salt
pepper
oregano
1/4 cup vegetable or chicken broth
Large amount of greens, ie an entire head of bok choy or a large packet fresh spinach or a large head of kale

Directions:
One of my favorite pasta sauces to make for meat eating friends in the crockpot. It's something I made up one day when I was out of new ideas. Hard to believe that something this simple is so wonderfully tasty.   Put 4 or 5 hot link Italian sausages in the bottom of a crockpot (go ahead and put them in raw and even frozen!) and drizzle a tablespoons olive oil on top, roughly chop a large onion and mince 4-6 garlic cloves, put this on top of the sausage. Here is when It starts to differ from how I usually make it. USUALLY I put in a large amount of chopped kale but I had bok choy left over so I chopped that up and placed it on top of the sausage. Throw on top of the greens about 16 ounces of chopped tomatoes, about 5 ounces of pureed tomato and 1/4- 1/2 cup of broth depending on how much water is in your tomatoes, sprinkle with kosher salt and a goodly amount of basil. (I use a lot), add some oregano if you like... not too much though. Cover and cook on low for about 6-8 hours or how hot your crock pot cooks. Taste for additional salt and pepper when done. Put over a thick pasta with ridges to hold the fairly thin sauce grate some good cheese over the top and that is it . I've also made this same thing BUT added a quart of broth and white beans and made it into a soup instead. Exact same ingredients but with those two additions.

Submitter: 
Margaret Syrotiak
Description: 
One of my favorite pasta sauces to make for meat eating friends in the crockpot. Mix it up with a pound of either shells, ziti, campenelle.   Serve in a pasta bowl with fresh grated cheese on top.   For a less liquid sauce omit the broth.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
