URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64198413/raspberry-swirl-brioche/
Title:
Raspberry Swirl Brioche Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Brioche Dough
335 g bread flour
9 g salt
50 g sugar
4 g instant dried yeast
78 g whole milk, at room temperature
135 g eggs, at room temperature
2 g vanilla extract
170 g unsalted butter, diced, pliable but not soft
Raspberry Smear
100 g unsalted butter, at room temperature
7 g raspberry powder
30 g vanilla sugar
1/2 lemon, juiced

Directions:
To make the brioche dough, combine the flour, salt, sugar, and yeast in a medium bowl.In a stand mixer, pour in the milk, vanilla extract, and 117 g of the eggs and stir to combine. Pour the dry ingredients on top. Mix on low speed until just incorporated.Add one-third of the butter and switch the mixer to medium speed. Once butter has been incorporated, add another third of the butter. Wait until it has been completely mixed in, then add the remaining butter.
Continue to mix on medium speed until full gluten development is achieved. To check for gluten development, perform a "window test". Stretch a small amount of dough with your hands. It should be elastic enough to be pulled until it is very thin and you can see through it without it ripping.Add the remaining eggs and mix until just incorporated. At this point, the final dough temperature should not exceed 27 C/ 80 F.Take the dough out of the bowl and place on a floured surface. Cover with plastic wrap. Allow it to ferment for 45 minutes.Transfer the dough to a sheet pan lined with a silpat or greased parchment paper to prevent it from sticking. Wrap the sheet pan with plastic and refrigerate for at least an hour or up to 12 hours.For the raspberry filling, combine all the ingredients in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and mix until combined. Grease a 9 inch by 5.5 inch loaf pan with butter.Roll out the brioche dough to a rectangle 12 inches by 16 inches, keeping the edges as straight as possible. Using an offset spatula, spread the raspberry filling on the rectangle, getting right to the edges.
See Notes for rest of recipe

Submitter: 
Monica
Description: 
1
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1
Ready in:
1
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
