URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64194315/dulce-de-leche-cheesecake/
Title:
Dulce De Leche Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1549057.jpg
Ingredients:
For the crust
2 1/4 cup finely ground graham cracker crumbs
2 tablespoons sugar
1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
10 tablespoons butter, melted
For the filling
3 8-ounce packages cream cheese, room temperature
1 cup sugar
3 large eggs
1/2 cup dulce de leche
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
For the glaze
2/3 cup dulce de leche
3 tablespoons (or more) heavy whipping cream
Flaky sea salt

Directions:
To make the crust - preheat oven to 350°F. Coat a square baking pan with non-stick spray or line with parchment paper. Mix graham cracker crumbs, sugar, and cinnamon in medium bowl. Add melted butter; stir until coated
Transfer crumb mixture to pan. Press evenly onto bottom of pan. Bake until crust is light golden, about 10 minutes. Cool completely on rack.
For the filling - blend cream cheese and sugar in a stand mixer until smooth and creamy, about 1-2 minutes, stopping occasionally to scrape down sides of bowl
Add eggs 1 at a time, processing 3 to 5 seconds to blend between additions. Add dulce de leche and vanilla; process until blended, about 10 seconds. Spread batter evenly over cooled crust.
Bake until just set in center and edges are puffed and slightly cracked, about 35-40 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool completely.
For the glaze - add dulce de leche and 3 tablespoons cream in a small saucepan over medium-high heat until melted. Stir to blend, adding more cream by teaspoonfuls if too thick to pour (amount of cream needed will depend on brand of dulce de leche).
Pour glaze over cooled cheesecake; spread evenly. Refrigerate until chilled, about 1 hour (glaze will not be firm). Cut cheesecake evenly into squares and sprinkle with flaky sea salt.

Submitter: 
Sophie Pipilas
Description: 
These cheesecake bars are velvety smooth and the combination of sweet and salty never gets old. They are a huge hit at get togethers.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
