URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64203831/pumpkin-sandwich-rolls/
Title:
Pumpkin Sandwich Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1587674.jpg
Ingredients:
1 c. milk, at room temperature
2 ea. eggs, at room temperature
1 c. pumpkin puree
1 Tbsp. honey
1.5 c. white whole wheat flour
3.5 c. bread flour
.25 oz. instant yeast
1.5 tsp. salt
1/4 tsp. freshly ground white pepper (optional)
4 Tbsp. butter, at room temperature, cut into cubes
1 egg
1 Tbsp. water
Flexible plastic lids, for stencils (optional)
1/4 c. light rye flour, or as needed (optional)

Directions:
Whisk milk and eggs in the bowl of a stand mixer. Stir in pumpkin and honey. Add white whole wheat flour, bread flour, yeast, salt, and white pepper (if using).
Mix on low speed with the dough hook for 5 minutes, using a bowl scraper or stiff spatula to scrape down the sides of the bowl once or twice.
Increase the speed to medium-low and add the butter one piece at a time. Keep mixing until the butter is fully incorporated. The dough will be very sticky.
Transfer the dough to a greased bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and let rise at room temperature until dough has doubled, 1 to 1 1/2 hours.
Punch the dough down and fold it over to expel air bubbles. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap again and refrigerate.
About two hours before you plan to bake the rolls, remove the dough from the refrigerator. Scrape the dough out of the bowl and onto a floured work surface. Divide the dough into 12 pieces for large sandwich rolls, or 18 for sliders (see Note).
Shape the dough into tight balls and place them seam-side down on parchment-lined baking sheets. (The dough balls may also be frozen at this point. Freeze them until firm, then transfer them into a resealable freezer bag.)
Cover rolls with greased plastic wrap and let sit at room temperature for 30 to 45 minutes.
To make stencils, use a permanent marker to draw designs on flexible plastic lids (yogurt, sour cream, or cottage cheese lids work well). Cut out the shapes using a sharp paring knife or Xacto knife. Wash the lids with mild soapy water to remove any remaining ink.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
Whisk the egg and water to make an egg wash.
Grease your hands, remove the plastic wrap, and flatten the dough balls to make flat rounds, about 1/2 inch thick. Brush the egg wash over each roll.
Place the stencil on a

Submitter: 
Gremolata
Description: 
I came up with this recipe when wanted something seasonal for sloppy Joes. Mix the dough in the morning, and then refrigerate it until a couple hours before you want to serve the rolls. The technique for stenciling on a design using rye flour will work for any holiday. Rye flour doesn't get absorbed into the dough like regular bread flour would.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
8 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
