URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64205111/sisters-feather-light-rolls/
Title:
Sister's feather Light Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 T. dry yeast
1 cup warm milk, I use 1/2 canned milk and 1/2 water
1 can mountain dew type soda, or lemon lime soda
1 stick butter, NOT marg.
4 eggs
3/4 cup sugar
1/2 t. salt
About 6 cups flour ( actually more like 7 1/2 cups)

Directions:
Mix the yeast and warm milk together in a large bowl . Sprinkle on a little sugar, a teaspoon or so to feed the yeast. Let set.
In med. saucepan melt the butter, stir in the sugar and salt. Turn off heat. When sugar is almost dissolved gently stir in the can of soda.Make sure this is just warm before you stir it into the yeast mixture. After you mix everything together in the large bowl add the eggs. Now I use a whisk to really incorporate everything. Add your flour a cup at a time. Blend with a wooden spoon or dough scraper. As soon as it is workable transfer to a floured work surface and knead knead knead. Add flour as it gets sticky. About 5 to 8 mins. will be enough. Place dough in a large greased bowl. Cover with saran and a towel. After it has risen to double, punch it down. Turn out on floured surface. Divide dough into 4 equal pieces, then divide each of these pieced into 6 or nine equal pieces, depending on how large you want the rolls. Shape into your rolls. And remember these babys really grow in the oven. Place on parchment lined baking sheets, you'll need about 3 pans. Leave about and inch between rolls. Cover loosely with more plastic or tea towels and let rise til doubled. Uncover and bake at 350* use middle rack in oven, anywhere from 15 to 20 mins. Only bake one pan at a time so they brown evenly. Rotate pans half way thru baking time. Remove to wire cooling racks and eat up.

Submitter: 
Val-Flowers
Description: 
These rolls are so feathery light and just slightly sweet. A perfect roll for everyday or a holiday.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
90 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
36
Nutritional Facts:
NA
