URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64205351/raw-teff-carrot-cake-bars/
Title:
Raw Teff Carrot Cake Bars Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3/4 cup teff, soaked for 4 hours, then drained on a towel
1/4 cup raw buckwheat groats, soaked for 4 hours, then drained on a towel
1 cup of carrots, ground up in the food processor to very small pieces
1/4 cup pecans
1/2 cup pitted dates
2 tbs unsweetened reduced fat coconut
1 tsp cinnamon, or more to taste
1/2 tsp ginger, or more to taste
1/2 tsp nutmeg, or more to taste
1/4 tsp cloves, or more to taste
1/2 tsp vanilla
1//4-1/2 cup chopped dried apricots (optional, but definitely good)

Directions:
First of all soak the grains in 3 times as much water as grain (just eye ball it). I recommend doing each separately because they are easier to rinse and drain that way. (The buckwheat makes a kind of goo that’s makes it nearly impossible to drain the tiny teff with. I drain and rinse the teff by putting cheescloth with a rubber band over a quart jar.) After rinsing and draining, let the teff and buckwheat dry out some on a clean towel or layer of paper towels. Process the carrot until very finely chopped, and put in a medium sized mixing bowl. Process the the drained grains  and pecans in the food processor until they make a thick paste. Add the dates and  vanilla and spices until they are all combined into a gooey paste. Put in the mixing bowl with the carrots.Add the reduced fat coconut (and chopped apricots if using) and stir until combined.  (A fork works well for this.) The mixture will be very thick. Shape into bars or small loaves and put on a food dehydrator rack lined with baking parchment. Dehydrate on “high”–which on my old fashioned dehydrator means with the circle shaped vents closed–for about an hour or two, until desired consistency is achieved (which you get to decide on by test tasting). Store in the refrigerator.

Submitter: 
Wilma Laura Wiggins
Description: 
Dehydrator cooked bars for snacks.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
4 hrs
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
