URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64200096/peanut-butter-cup-pie/
Title:
Peanut Butter Cup Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Crust:
2 cups chocolate cookie crumbs*
6 tablespoons salted butter, melted
Filling:
12 ounces cream cheese (light or neufchatel is ok), at room temperature
1 + 1/2 cups creamy peanut butter
1 cup sugar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 cup heavy cream
Topping:
2 tablespoons sugar
1/2 cup heavy cream
1/2 cup semi-sweet or milk chocolate chips or bar, chopped
4 tablespoons salted butter
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
14 Reese's peanut butter cups, rough chopped

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Add the cookie crumbs and butter to a food processor and process until combined, scraping down the sides of the bowl if needed.
Press evenly into a 9" pie pan. Bake for 10 minutes then allow to cool completely before filling.
Beat the cream cheese and peanut butter together on medium speed until light and fluffy about 5 minutes.
Add sugar and vanilla; beat on medium speed until light and fluffy about 5 more minutes.
In a separate bowl beat heavy cream until stiff; when the beater is lifted it shouldn't drip off.
Add the cream to the peanut butter mixture and fold in until well blended. Spoon into the crust. Refrigerate 1-2 hours.
To make the topping combine sugar and cream in a small saucepan and bring just to a boil; remove from heat and immediately add the chocolate, butter and vanilla. Whisk until smooth and all the chocolate is melted. Cool the mixture until it is lukewarm but still liquidy.
Carefully pour over the pie (you can leave a few spoonfuls for drizzling over the PB cups) and evenly spread from edge to edge. Sprinkle peanut butter cups evenly over top and gently press them into the chocolate. Drizzle lightly all over with remaining chocolate.
Refrigerate at least 4 hours or overnight before serving.
Cut with a sharp knife dipped in hot water then dried; wipe clean and dip again after each cut.

Submitter: 
Tamala Henry
Description: 
With it's chocolate cookie crust, rich peanut butter and cream cheese filling and chocolate ganache topping covered with insane amounts of chopped peanut butter cups, it's not for the faint of heart.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
