URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64214466/luccios-bacon-lettuce-and-tomato-pasta/
Title:
Luccio's Bacon Lettuce and Tomato Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 pound smoked thick cut bacon, cut in 1" pieces
1/4 C. olive oil*
1 medium onion, diced
4 cloves of garlic, peeled and minced
4-5 large tomatoes, seeded and diced-save the juice!
1 tsp. dried basil, or 1/4 C. fresh basil, sliced
1 tsp. salt
1/2 tsp. ground black pepper
1/2 lb. orecchiette pasta*
1 Cup. pasta water
1 Cup grated Parmesan-Reggiano cheese*
Dash cinnamon
Dash, freshly grated nutmeg
4 C. baby arugula, baby kale or baby spinach
About 1/3 C. heavy whipping cream

Directions:
Cook the bacon in a Dutch oven, until it just begins to crisp.  Remove the bacon to a paper towel with a slotted spoon.
Add the olive oil to the bacon drippings.  Add the onions and garlic and stir until the vegetables begin to soften.
Add the diced tomatoes and any of the juice from the tomatoes to the pan.  Stir until the tomatoes begin to simmer.
Add the bacon back into the pan.  STIR
Add the basil, salt and pepper and allow the sauce to simmer, covered on low, for 30 minutes. STIR often.
Meanwhile, cook the pasta to al dente.  Just before the pasta is finished, ladle about a cup of the starchy pasta water to the pot of tomato sauce. Add the cinnamon and nutmeg.  STIR and allow to simmer uncovered.
Drain the pasta and carefully add it to the simmering sauce.  STIR and turn off the heat and add the grated Parmesan-Reggiano.  STIR the fresh baby greens into the pasta.
Cover for about five minutes to allow the pasta to absorb the flavors and the greens to wilt.
TO SERVE, add about 2 Tbl of the heavy cream to the bottom of four pasta bowls.  Place the pasta mixture on top of the cream.  Serve immediately.  Top with more grated cheese if desired.

Submitter: 
Sally Anne
Description: 
This recipe is adapted from a favorite restaurant I used to enjoy with my beloved aunt and uncle.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
