URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64217829/cheesecake-swirl-brownie-the-brownie-project/
Title:
Cheesecake Swirl Brownie:  The Brownie Project Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
½ cup unsalted butter
¾ cup plus all-purpose flour
¼ cup unsweetened cocoa powder
½ tsp baking powder
8 oz. semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, chopped
1½ cups granulated sugar
4 large eggs
4 oz. bar cream cheese, softened
Dash of vanilla extract

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350°. Grease an 8-inch square baking pan; line with parchment, leaving a 2-inch overhang on 2 sides. Grease the parchment paper. Whisk  together the flour, cocoa powder, and baking powder in a bowl.
Melt the butter and the chocolate in a heatproof bowl set over (not in) a saucepan of gently simmering water; remove bowl from pan. Add 1¼ cups sugar; stir to combine. Add 3 eggs, one at a time, and mix to combine. Stir in flour mixture just until moistened (do not overmix).
In a separate bowl, using an electric mixer, beat cream cheese until smooth . Mix in remaining ¼ cup sugar, 1 egg, and a  dash of vanilla extract until smooth. Spoon the brownie batter into the prepared pan and smooth it out with an offset spatula. Dollop the cheesecake mixture on top of the brownie batter, and with the tip of a paring knife, swirl to marble.
Bake until a toothpick inserted in center comes out with only a few moist crumbs, 25 to 35 minutes. Let cool in pan on a wire rack 30 minutes. Use parchment to lift brownies from pan; transfer (on parchment) to rack to cool completely. On a cutting board, with a dampened serrated knife, cut into 16 squares. Brownies can be stored in an airtight container at room temperature up to 3 days.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Cheesecake and brownie in the same recipe, what more do I need to say?  Taken from The Brownie Project Blog
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
