URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64216269/roasted-garlic-herb-bread/
Title:
Roasted Garlic & Herb Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 heads of garlic, roasted (see How To) and cooled
1 1/4 cups of white whole-wheat flour (see Note)
1 1/4 cups of all-purpose flour
2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon of chopped fresh herbs such as rosemary, thyme, oregano and/or dill, or 2 1/2 teaspoons dried, divided
1 tablespoon of baking powder
1/4 teaspoon of baking soda
1/2 teaspoon of salt
1/4 teaspoon of freshly ground pepper
2 large eggs
1 1/4 cups of low-fat milk
1/3 cup of extra-virgin olive oil

Directions:
Position rack in middle of oven; preheat to 375°F. Line a 9-by-5-inch (or similar-size) loaf pan with parchment paper; generously coat the paper and sides of the pan with cooking spray.
Peel roasted garlic cloves, keeping them whole.
Whisk whole-wheat flour, all-purpose flour, 2 tablespoons fresh herbs (or 2 teaspoons dried), baking powder, baking soda, salt and pepper in a large bowl. Whisk eggs, milk and oil in a medium bowl. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and gently stir together until almost combined. Add the garlic cloves and gently fold into the batter until evenly combined; do not overmix. Scrape the batter into the prepared pan and smooth the top; sprinkle with the remaining 1 teaspoon fresh herbs (or 1/2 teaspoon dried).
Bake the bread until lightly browned on top and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 40 to 45 minutes. Let cool in the pan on a wire rack for 15 minutes. Run a knife around and under the loaf to loosen it and turn out onto the rack. Let cool at least 30 minutes before slicing. Serve warm or at room temperature.

Submitter: 
Jill Sander
Description: 
This savory quick bread is loaded with roasted garlic—two heads of it!—plus chopped fresh herbs of your choice, so it has a big nutty, toasty, herbal flavor that's ideal with a hot bowl of soup. If you're intimidated about baking bread, a quick bread, which is made with baking powder and baking soda instead of yeast, is the perfect place to start.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
1:15
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
