URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64210973/squash-spatzle-with-caramelized-onions-and-pecans/
Title:
Squash Spätzle With Caramelized Onions And Pecans Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
¾ cup squash puree (can be any winter squash)
1 ½ cups all-purpose flour
½ teaspoon pepper
1 teaspoon Kosher salt
1 teaspoon rubbed sage
½-teaspoon thyme
Two large eggs
¼ to ½ cup milk
Olive oil
One medium onion sliced thin
1/3 cup toasted pecans chopped.
Spätzle maker or large holed colander

Directions:
For the Spätzle
In a medium mixing bowl, combine the flour salt, pepper, sage, and thyme.  Whisk to combine.  Add the pureed squash and whisk until combined and the flour mixture is moist.  Add the eggs and ¼ cup of milk and whisk until smooth.  The consistency should be like a thick batter.  It should fall off the whisk and make a mound that does not smooth immediately.  If you need to add more milk add it one tablespoon at a time, more flour 1/4 cup at a time,  until the batter is smooth and thick.
Let rest 15 minute.
While the batter is resting boil 4 quarts of water salted with one tablespoon kosher salt.
When the water is boiling place the spätzle maker or colander over the boiling water and fill with the batter.  Drop the batter over the boiling water, if using a colander you may need to push it through with a rubber spatula, and when it rises to the top let it boil for another minute then strain into a bowl.  Add two tablespoons of olive oil to the cooked spätzle and stir to coat.  Taste for seasoning and add more salt if needed.  Cover to keep warm.
In a large sauté pan add two tablespoons of olive oil and the onions.  Stir to coat the onion.  Cook over medium low heat until the onions are caramelized golden brown and  add the spätzle and stir into the onions, add more olive oil if it looks dry.  Sauté until the spätzle just begins to brown then add the pecans.  Stir to distribute the pecans and serve.

Submitter: 
cheri
Description: 
Made this with some leftover acorn squash and it was a huge hit.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
