URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64226696/penne-with-butternut-squash-and-goat-cheese/
Title:
Penne with Butternut Squash and Goat Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Vegetable oil cooking spray
1 (2-pound) butternut or kobucha squash, peeled, seeded and cut into 3/4-inch cubes
1 onion, diced into 1/2-inch pieces
Olive oil, for drizzling
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
1 pound penne pasta
1 cup (8 ounces) goat cheese, crumbled
1 cup coarsely chopped walnuts, toasted (see Cook's Note)
1 packed cup chopped fresh basil leaves
1/3 cup finely grated Parmesan

Directions:
Directions
Put an oven rack in the upper third of the oven. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.
Spray a baking sheet, liberally, with vegetable oil cooking spray. Set aside.
Mix the squash and onion together and arrange in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet. Drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Bake for to 40 to 45 minutes until the vegetables are golden and cooked through. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool slightly.
While the squash mixture is cooling, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and reserve about 2 cups of the pasta water. Put the pasta, goat cheese and 1 cup of pasta water in a large serving bowl. Toss until the cheese has melted and forms a creamy sauce. Add the squash and onion mixture, the walnuts and the basil. Toss well and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Garnish with Parmesan and serve.
To toast the walnuts, arrange them in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake in a preheated 350 degree F oven until lightly toasted, about 6 to 8 minutes Cool completely before using.
Recipe courtesy Giada De Laurentiis

Submitter: 
Gina Lee Lafreniere
Description: 
Recipe courtesy Giada De Laurentiis
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
65 min
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
