URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64229570/roasted-butternut-squash-soup-with-apples-and-bacon/
Title:
Roasted Butternut Squash Soup with Apples and Bacon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 (3 pound) butternut squash - peeled, seeded, and cubed
1 tablespoon olive oil
salt and ground black pepper to taste
3 strips bacon, chopped
1 large onion, chopped
3 stalks celery, chopped
3 carrots, chopped
1 bay leaf
2 teaspoons curry powder
1 teaspoon dried thyme
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 Granny Smith apple - peeled, cored, and cubed
1 cup apple cider
4 cups chicken stock
1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg (optional)
1/2 cup half/half cream

Directions:
Preheat an oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Place squash in a large bowl and drizzle with olive oil; mix to coat; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Spread squash into a single layer on a baking pan. Roast the squash in the preheated oven, turning once, until fork-tender and caramelized; 30 to 40 minutes.
Place the bacon in a Dutch oven and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Remove the bacon slices to a paper towel-lined plate, reserving the drippings in the pan.
Place the onion, celery, carrot, bay leaf, curry powder, thyme, and salt and pepper in the Dutch oven; cook in reserved bacon drippings until the carrots and celery are soft. Mix in the apples and cooked squash and cook another 5 minutes. Stir the garlic into the mixture and cook another 1 minute. Pour the apple cider over the mixture; reduce heat to medium-low and bring to a simmer; allow to reduce to about half its original volume. Stir in the chicken stock; simmer over medium-low heat for about 20 minutes.
Puree the soup in small batches in a blender, or use an immersion blender. If using a blender, don't fill the blender more than half-way. Always remove the center lid piece of a stand blender when blending hot liquids so the steam can escape. Cover the hole with a dish towel while blending. Stir the nutmeg into the soup. Garnish each bowl with 1 tablespoon of sour cream and some of the bacon pieces to serve.

Submitter: 
robinsrecipes
Description: 
This curried squash soup has a very creamy consistency but is completely dairy-free except for the optional garnish of sour cream. Roasting the squash adds an extra depth of flavor.Modified from: Roasted Butternut Squash Soup with Apples and Bacon
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
1 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
