URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64223392/asiago-cremini-pasta-bake-with-radicchio/
Title:
Asiago Cremini Pasta Bake with Radicchio Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1662065.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cups Asiago cheese, shredded
1 1/2 cups of freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, grated
2 cups milk
1 1/2 cups of heavy cream
1 pound of short pasta such as shells or macaroni
1 pound of Cremini mushrooms, sliced
1 large head of radicchio, halved, cored and thinly sliced
1 small red onion, diced
1/2 cup panko breadcrumbs
4 heads of garlic, minced
2 tbs. fresh sage, minced
4 tbs. butter
1/4 cup flour
Olive oil
Salt
Freshly ground black pepper

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Cook pasta el dente according to package directions, rinse with cold water and set aside.
In a large pot over medium heat saute mushrooms and onions.  Add a pinch of salt and pepper and continue to saute until mushrooms have browned and onions are translucent, approximately 7 minutes.
Add radicchio, garlic and sage to mushroom mixture and cook until radicchio has wilted slightly and garlic is fragrant, approximately 3 minutes.
Remove from heat, add pasta and combine.
In a medium size saucepan, over medium high heat melt butter.  Whisk in flour and continue to cook until foaming.
Add milk while continuing to whisk and allow mixture to come to a boil.
Once mixture has thickened, remove from heat and whisk in cream, asiago cheese, 1 cup of Parmigiano-Reggiano, 1/2 tsp. of salt and 1/4 tsp. of pepper.
Once cheese has melted add to pasta and mushroom mixture and combine thoroughly.
Transfer to buttered baking dish and top with panko and remaining Parmigiano-Reggiano and bake for 30 minutes.
Broil for approximately 1 minute to brown the topping.

Submitter: 
stefychefy
Description: 
This fancy version of mac and cheese is rich, creamy and the perfect comfort food!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
