URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64235369/gingerbread-tartlets-with-cranberry-orange-cream-cheese-filling/
Title:
Gingerbread Tartlets with Cranberry-Orange Cream Cheese Filling Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1708502.jpg
Ingredients:
1 8 oz. pack cream cheese, room temp.
Zest of 1 Orange on larger grate
1 whole tsp freshly grated ginger root
1/8 tsp. Cinnamon
1/2 tsp. Vanilla
10 or more raw Cranberries, grated on larger grate.
1 tsp. Sugar or less.
(The cookie is sweet, and the raw cranberries, fresh ginger and fresh orange zest balance that.)

Directions:
Make a recipe for 12 to 16 Gingerbread cookies (Not gingersnap; they'll be rock hard). I had the dough from Trader Joe's in the section where you buy eggs, etc.
Fill each mini muffin tin no more than halfway full, and bake for 7 minutes. They will look like they are undone, but are done. They will harden.
While still hot out of the oven, using a rounded table or butter knife, run around the edges of the tartlets. Leave them in their tins. Do not remove.
While they are cooling in their tins, do the following:
In small bowl, stir together the above ingredients.
Fill each mini muffin tin with 1 1/4 tsp. of the cream cheese filling.
Use wet spoon to press in if needed.
Top with fresh slices of raw cranberry. Cutting them crosswise yields a beautifully festive pinwheel effect.
Cool in situe in the refrigerator for 1 hour to set.  After setting, remove and serve at room temperature.  The cookie will soften at this stage, and the cheese will become creamy.
Enjoy!

Submitter: 
BeachMom65
Description: 
I fell upon this recipe by complete accident, because I didn't have a cookie tray to bake the cookies on.  Instead I grabbed my mini muffin tin, placed a bit of dough into a few of them to test the timing, being so tiny. To my utter surprise, they puffed up like souffles and collapsed into tartlet cups! I had the thanksgiving ingredients in the refrigerator already, so I whipped this up, and it was awesome!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
