URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64238396/cranberry-pear-and-orange-chutney/
Title:
Cranberry-Pear and Orange Chutney Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1723271.jpg
Ingredients:
1 Large Red Bartlett Pear, diced.
2 Large Naval Oranges, zested on large grate and pulp and juices of each squeezed into a bowl.
2 tsp. Ginger, finely chopped.
2 bags Cranberries
1 c. Orange Juice
1 tsp. Cinnamon
1/4 tsp. Allspice, ground
1/4 tsp. Clove, ground
1 T. Apple Balsamic Vinegar
1/2 c. Dark Brown Sugar
2 T. Honey

Directions:
In a heavy, medium-large pot or saucepan, combine pears, orange zest, pulp and juice, and ginger. Add cinnamon, allspice and clove. Stir to coat fruit mixture and add 1 c. orange juice.
On medium-high heat, cook the mixture until bubbly for about 10 minutes until pears are al dente, stirring often.
Add the cranberries and apple balsamic vinegar, mixing it all very well. Keeping heat at medium-high, cook the chutney for about another 10 minutes while the cranberries pop and color the pot. Stir constantly.
Lower the heat to medium-low and allow the chutney to thicken, keeping an eye on the consistency.
Add brown sugar, 1/4 cup at a time, until desired sweetness has been achieved.
Add honey to soften the chutney and give it a glossiness. This can also be used to thin it out a bit if you feel it's too thick.
Serve, and garnish with zest of orange ;)
Cool in refrigerator 1 day before serving.  The flavors will meld incredibly well in that time period, giving your taste buds a world of tangy layered flavors of spice, texture and fruit!
Enjoy!

Submitter: 
BeachMom65
Description: 
This is really a chunky chutney that with the use of very firm but ripe bartlett pears, it offsets the creaminess of the cranberries, and the orange brings out the spices of cinnamon, clove, ginger and allspice.

I have been making this one since 1992!

This is also a wonderful baste for chicken kabobs on or off the grill. Puree it, and you have a dip in a bowl alongside them on your plate.

I hope you really enjoy this one :)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h minimum
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
