URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64239977/jodis-velveeta-inspired-chimichungas/
Title:
Jodi's Velveeta inspired Chimichungas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1733124.jpg
Ingredients:
2 - pkg(s) Mission Flour Tortillas
2 - cans Chopped Green Chilies (Mild)(4 oz.)
1 - pkg Taco Seasoning (1.5 oz.)
2 - lbs Ground Chuck Hamburger Meat
2 - 16 oz. Jars of Pace Picante Sauce (Mild)
1 - Block of Original Velveeta Cheese (32 oz)
1 - Can of Mild Rotel Tomatoes (Optional)
3 - Bakers Potates (peeled)(diced)

Directions:
Mixture:
Cut up the whole block of Velveeta into small 2"x 2" chunks and put into a microwave safe bowl. Add picante sauce (start with one jar first), Green Chilies, Rotel. Heat on high in the microwave for 3 minute increments.
Once Potatoes and Hamburger Mixture are complete. Add Potatoes and Hamburger into the Velveeta Mixture and mix well. Making sure that all of the cheese is melted.
Grab out a cookie sheet and get your tortillas ready.
spoon about 3 Tbsp of Mixture into the center of the 10" tortilla. Fold the tortilla as it states below. Look at the picture if you need a reference.
Put 3 cups of Olive Oil (or enough to cover the bottom of your skillet) into a skillet and get it hot. Not to hot, but on gas stove it's about #5 on a electric its Med/Hi.
Fry both sides of chimichunga. Take out and allow to dry on paper towels or a hand towel before putting them back onto the cookie sheet.
How to fold tortilla Correctly:
After putting mixture in center, take bottom of tortilla closest to you and fold over like a half moon, fold the sides, flip the tortilla on itself. It should look like the  picture above.
Potatoes:
Boil Potatoes in water until tender.Drain. Set aside.
Hamburger Meat:
Brown Hamburger Meat in a saucepan till brown. Drain. Put back into saucepan and add 1/2 cup of water with the taco seasoning packet. Simmer for 5 minutes, or until meat mixture becomes thick.

Submitter: 
Jodi Waldrup
Description: 
This receipe only lasts about 10 minutes in my family. That is why I have to make a double batch in most cases.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45
Ready in:
90
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
