URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64233107/killer-peanut-butter-cake/
Title:
Killer Peanut Butter Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the Frosting:
1 cup natural, unsweetened peanut butter
½ cup unsalted butter, softened
3 cups powdered (confectioner's) sugar
up to ½ cup heavy cream (at room temperature)
For the Cake:
1½ cups all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons baking powder
½ teaspoon baking soda
½ teaspoon salt
? cup coconut or vegetable oil (I use coconut oil)
? cup natural, unsweetened peanut butter
1 cup brown sugar
2 large eggs
1 cup buttermilk
1 teaspoon vanilla extract

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.
In a medium bowl, sift the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Set aside.
In a large mixing bowl, add the peanut butter, oil, and brown sugar. Beat until combined and creamy. Add the eggs and vanilla extract and beat just until combined.
Alternately add the flour and buttermilk to the wet mixture, beating just until combined. Be careful not to over-beat or the cake will be dense and dry. A few small lumps of flour is fine.
Grease a 9X3 inch round baking pan (I use Magic Line pans)
Pour the batter into the pan.
Bake for about 30 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the middle of the cake comes out moist (not wet with batter but moist. If the toothpick is dry, the cake is over-baked and will be dry).
Let the cake sit in the pan for 5 minutes, then invert the cake onto a wire rack to cool completely.
In the meantime, to make the frosting, place the peanut butter and butter in a large mixing bowl. Beat until smooth and creamy. Add the powdered sugar one cup at a time, continuing to beat. Add the heavy cream until you reach a spreadable consistency. (Note: This is a fairly stiff frosting)
Cut the cooled cake in half horizontally. Frost the bottom half of the cake and down the sides. Place the top layer of the cake, upside down, on top of the bottom layer. Frost the top layer and down the sides.

Submitter: 
Gina Lee Lafreniere
Description: 
Simply the best peanut butter cake ever
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
55
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
