URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64234987/chef-johns-make-ahead-turkey-gravy/
Title:
Chef John's Make-Ahead Turkey Gravy Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 x-large onion, chopped
4 carrots, chopped
4 ribs celery, chopped
2 teaspoons vegetable oil
4 large turkey wings
1/4 cup white wine
12 cups good quality store bought chicken stock
4 sprigs fresh thyme
1 cloves garlic, unpeeled
5 Tbs Reserved Turkey Fat (from skimming)
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
kosher salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 pinch cayenne pepper

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Combine onion, carrots, celery, and vegetable oil in a large roasting pan and toss to coat. Place turkey wings on top of vegetables
Place roasting pan in the preheated oven and cook until the turkey wings are browned and vegetables are caramelized and softened, 60 to 70 minutes.
Transfer turkey wings and vegetables to a very large stockpot. Place the roasting pan over a stovetop burner on medium heat. Pour 1/4 cup white wine into the pan and bring to a boil, scraping up any browned bits. Allow the wine to reduce by about half. Transfer mixture to the stockpot and add 12 cups chicken stock, thyme, and garlic.
Bring turkey wing mixture to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer, uncovered, until meat falls off the bone, about 3 hours. Skim off turkey fat throughout the process and set aside at least 5 tablespoons.
Strain turkey stock and reserve 6 cups of stock; discard all the solids.
Heat 5 tablespoons reserved turkey fat in a large saucepan over medium heat. Sprinkle in flour and cook, whisking continuously, until it begins to smell like cooked pie crust, 2 to 3 minutes. Slowly pour in 2 cups turkey stock, whisking continuously until well combined and completely smooth. Pour in remaining 4 cups of turkey stock, whisking continuously. Increase heat to med. high and simmer until thick and warmed through, about 5 minutes. (If gravy is not thick enough, continue to simmer to desired consistency. Taste and season with Kosher salt, black pepper, and a pinch of cayenne pepper to taste.

Submitter: 
abapplez
Description: 
This make-ahead turkey gravy frees up valuable kitchen time for Thanksgiving, plus it will look and taste even better than those frantic, last-minute versions.Modified from: Chef John's Make-Ahead Turkey Gravy
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
4 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
