URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64240480/dinner-rolls/
Title:
Dinner Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 1/4 teaspoon active dry yeast
1/4 cup warm water
1 cup milk
1/4 cup unsalted butter
2 cups whole wheat flour
1 cup all purpose flour
1 tablespoon honey
1 teaspoon salt 2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary
leaves
1/2 cup all-purpose flour, or as needed
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 egg
1 teaspoon milk
coarse sea salt to taste

Directions:
In the Kitchenaid mixer with a dough hook, combine yeast and warm water. Let stand 10-15 minutes.
In a small saucepan, combine milk and butter. Heat on low until butter is melted, 3 to 4 minutes; remove pan from heat.
Add the following to the yeast mixture: 2 cups whole wheat flour, 1 cup all-purpose flour, honey, salt and milk mixture (make sure it’s not too hot otherwise it’ll burn the yeast).
Mix on low until no dry spots remain. Stir in 1/2 cup flour, 2 tablespoons at a time, mixing well after each addition. Continue adding flour until a firm dough forms that pulls away from the sides of the bowl. Knead on medium until elastic and soft but still tacky, about 6 minutes.
Transfer dough to a clean bowl and coat with olive oil. Cover loosely with plastic wrap or a clean dish towel and let rise in a warm spot until doubled in size, about 1 1/2 hours.
Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper.
Transfer dough to a work surface and shape into a rectangle about 1-inch thick. Cut into 25 equally-sized pieces. Form each piece into a ball, pinching the seams on the underside, creating a smooth, round top.
Transfer dough balls to the cookie sheet close together but not touching.
Cover and let rise in a warm place until nearly doubled, 20 to 30 minutes.
Bake in the preheated oven at 375F until golden brown, about 20 minutes.

Submitter: 
Amy Lee
Description: 
Can add chopped up rosemary
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30mins
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
25
Nutritional Facts:
NA
