URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64241336/allergen-free-better-than-green-bean-casserole-asparagus/
Title:
Allergen Free Better than Green Bean Casserole (Asparagus) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 lb fresh green beans, stems removed and cut into 2" long pieces
3 Tbsp coconut oil
½ yellow onion, finely diced
2 cloves garlic, minced
8 oz button mushrooms, finely chopped
1 tsp kosher salt
3 Tbsp Gluten Free all-purpose flour
½ tsp black pepper (optional)
1 cup chicken broth
1/2 cup Rice Milk mixed with 1/2 half cup coconut cream (extra thick & Rich)
6 oz canister fried onions, pureed in food processor (optional - do not use for gluten free)

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees and place a rack in the center of the oven. Butter an 8" x 8" casserole dish and set aside.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add the cut asparagus and parboil for 3 minutes. Drain the asparagus and run under cool water to stop the cooking process and set them aside.
Melt the coconut oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat then add the onion once oil is melted. Cook for about 2-3 minutes then add the garlic and mushrooms. Season the mixture with 2 tsp kosher salt and 1 tsp black pepper if using and continue cooking for an additional 6-8 minutes until the moisture from the mushrooms has evaporated and the edges become golden brown.
Sprinkle the mixture with the gluten-free flour and stir to combine. Cook with the GF flour for about 2 minutes before adding the chicken broth. After adding the broth, stir to dissolve the GF flour completely bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium-low and continue to simmer for about 2 minutes.
Stir in the rice milk and coconut milk and simmer for about 5 minutes.
Add the asparagus to the skillet and stir to coat thoroughly in the sauce before transferring to an 8" x 8" casserole dish.
Bake the casserole for about 30 minutes until the edges begin to bubble and the casserole is hot throughout.
Top the casserole with the pureed fried onions (if using) and bake an additional 30 minutes until the topping becomes a nice deep golden color.
Remove the casserole from the oven and allow to rest for 5 minutes before serving. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Apron Appeal
Description: 
Great Fresh Bean Casserole replacement for those suffering from nut, dairy, legume & gluten allergies.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
1 and 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
