URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64245408/grandmas-lemon-meringue-pie-adapted-by-maggie/
Title:
Grandma's Lemon Meringue Pie, Adapted by Maggie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup white sugar
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
3 tablespoons cornstarch
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup water
1/2 cup milk
1/2 cup lemon juice
zest of 1 lemon
2 tablespoons butter
4 egg yolks, beaten
1 (9 inch) pie crust, baked
4 egg whites
6 tablespoons white sugar

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Blind bake crust for approx 9 minutes, remove pie weights and brush with egg mixture (1 egg +1 T water).  Return to oven and bake until brown.
Make Meringue followed by the filling while crust is baking.
To Make Meringue: In a large glass or metal bowl, whip egg whites until foamy. Add sugar gradually, and continue to whip until stiff peaks form
To Make Lemon Filling: In a medium saucepan, whisk together 1 cup sugar, flour, cornstarch, and salt. Stir in water, milk, lemon juice and lemon zest. Cook over medium-high heat, stirring frequently, until mixture comes to a boil. Stir in butter. Place egg yolks in a small bowl and temper by gradually whisking in 1/2 cup of hot sugar mixture. Whisk egg yolk mixture back into remaining sugar mixture. Bring to a boil and continue to cook while stirring constantly until thick 2-4 minutes. Remove from heat.
Reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees after removing crust.
Pour filling into baked pastry shell.
Spread meringue over pie, sealing the edges at the crust.
Bake in preheated oven for 10 minutes, or until meringue is golden brown.

Submitter: 
magpie005
Description: 
Fresh lemon juice and lemon zest make this lemon meringue pie filling tart and lovely. And when it's poured into a waiting crust, topped with billows of meringue, and baked, it's downright dreamy.Modified from: Grandma's Lemon Meringue Pie
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
