URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64245708/ny-style-pizza-dough/
Title:
NY Style Pizza Dough Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
5 cups (22.5 ounces) unbleached high gluten flour or unbleached bread flour
1  1/2 tablespoons (1 oz.) honey or 2 tablespoons (1 oz.) sugar
2 teaspoons (0.5 oz.) salt (any kind)
1 1/2 teaspoons (0.18 oz.) instant yeast or 2 teaspoons active dry yeast
3 tablespoons (1.5 oz.) olive or vegetable oil
1 3/4 cups (14 oz.) water, lukewarm

Directions:
1.  In a mixer or a large bowl, combine all the ingredients (if using active dry yeast dissolve it in the lukewarm water first for about a minute before adding it to the dough; instant yeast can be added directly into the flour). Mix on slow speed, or hand knead, for approximately 4 minutes to form a firm, slightly tacky ball of dough. Let the dough rest for 5 minutes and then continue to mix for an additional three minutes on medium speed (or by hand). The dough should be supple and barely tacky. Adjust the flour or water as needed.
2. Put the dough in a lightly oiled bowl, large enough to accommodate it if it doubles in size. Roll the dough in the oiled bowl to coat it, cover the bowl with plastic wrap, and immediately refrigerate it for a minimum of 12 hours.
3. Two hours before you plan to make the pizzas, remove the dough from the refrigerator and divide it into the desired sizes. Form the pieces into tight dough balls, mist them with spray oil, and cover them loosely with plastic wrap (or place them in a covered container).
4.  Heat your pizza stone for at least 45-60 minutes, on the highest setting your oven will go. Prepare your toppings, sauce, and cheese. Two hours after you formed the dough balls they should be ready to form and stretch and be turned into pizzas. Bake on the stone at the highest setting your oven allows for approximately 7 to 9 minutes, or until the pizzas are golden brown on the edges and crisp underneath. Enjoy!!

Submitter: 
Ryan Locilento
Description: 
This is a great recipe to get NYC style pizza from your own home for less than 5 bucks a pie!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m active prep
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
