URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64248333/scottish-shepherd-pie/
Title:
Scottish Shepherd Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 cups mashed, boiled potatoes
1/2 cup sour cream
2 ounces cream cheese, softened
6 tablespoons butter, divided
1 egg yolk
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
2 teaspoons smoked paprika
1 pound ground lamb
1 (16 ounce) can chopped tomatoes with juice
1 onion, chopped
2 carrots, peeled and chopped
1 cup frozen peas
1 cup Irish stout beer (such as Guinness)
1 cube beef bouillon
2 tablespoon all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
3/4 cup shredded sharp Cheddar cheese
2 teaspoons chopped fresh parsley

Directions:
Grease a 9x12-inch baking dish.
In a large bowl, combine mashed potatoes,  cream cheese, sour cream, 2 tablespoons butter, egg yolk, salt, and pepper. Set aside.
Heat 2 Tb. butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add carrots and ground lamb, and cook, stirring frequently, 5-10 minutes, or until lamb has browned.
Stir in the onion and chopped tomatoes into the lamb; simmer 10-15 minutes, or  until onion is cooked through. Add the peas and cook 5 minutes more. Season with paprika, salt and black pepper to taste. Set aside.
Heat beer and Worcestershire sauce in a saucepan over medium heat; add beef bouillon. Cook and stir until bouillon is dissolved.
Heat remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a separate pan over medium heat until sizzling. Whisk the flour into the butter until very thick.
To this, add the beer mixture. Cook 5 minutes or until gravy is smooth and thickened. Add gravy to lamb mixture and simmer until mixture is thickened, at least 5 minutes.
Preheat the oven's broiler and set the oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source.
Pour lamb mixture into the prepared baking dish. Carefully top the lamb mixture with  mashed potatoes, smoothing like a crust. Sprinkle cheddar cheese and parsley on top.
Broil in the preheated oven until crust is browned and cheese is melted, 4 to 5 minutes. Cool for about 5 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Sandra Holding
Description: 
Shepherd's pie with sharp Cheddar cheese, smoked paprika, and lamb is a Scottish twist on the traditional Irish recipe.Modified from: A Scotsman's Shepherd Pie
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
