URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64246712/cube-steak-and-gravy/
Title:
Cube Steak and Gravy Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 cube steaks
Flour
Salt
Pepper
Cayenne pepper (optional)
Oil
2 Tbs. butter
Water
Onion (optional)

Directions:
Pour oil (1- 2 Tbs) and 2 Tbs. butter into a frying pan. and heat on medium-high heat.
While the oil/butter is heating up, add some flour to a separate pan or bowl. Sprinkle in 1 tsp. salt and 1/4 tsp. pepper. Dredge the cube steaks in the flour, one at a time, and place in the frying pan.
Brown on both sides on medium-high heat.
Continue until you have browned all the steaks. (add a small amount more of oil/butter if needed)
Add these to a large baking dish.
Sprinkle with a very small amount of cayenne pepper, if you like a little spiciness.
If desired, you can slice up some onions and lay them over the steaks.
Use the leftover meat drippings in the pan to make a gravy. There probably won’t be an abundance of meat drippings left over, but it will be enough to make a tasty gravy.
Start with a 1/2 cup of cold water. Add 2 large spoonfuls of flour and mix well with a fork. Add this to the pan that has the meat drippings. Stir with a wire whisk immediately. This should create a thick ‘paste’. Add another 2 cups of water. Now just whisk and whisk until the gravy begins to smooth out and thicken a little.
Once slightly thickened, add another 1 1/2 cups of water, 1 tsp. salt and 1/4 tsp. pepper.  Allow to bubble and thicken again. Keep whisking frequently so the gravy does not burn.
Just a note: The gravy will not look very brown at this point, and it will not be as thick as a finished gravy- but that’s what it will turn into as it bakes!
Pour the gravy over the cubed steaks.
Cover tightly with foil and bake for at least 1 hour at 375. (I suggest baking for 1 1/2 hours)
For the last 10 minutes of cooking, uncover. This will help the gravy to thicken and darken to a beautiful, bubbly brown gravy.

Submitter: 
Carrie
Description: 
This was a very good and easy way to use a potentially cheap and tough cut of meat.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
