URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64258701/chicken-crab-imperial-wfried-tomato/
Title:
Chicken Crab Imperial w/Fried Tomato Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 lb jumbo lump crab meat
Small can of diced tomatoes
2 lg tomatoes
4 chicken breasts
IMPERIAL SAUCE
2 pound jumbo lump crabmeat
1/2 cup mayonnaise
4 T. pimiento, chopped
2 t. dry sherry
2 t. fresh lemon juice
1 t. Old Bay
1/2 t. dry mustard
1/2 t. celery salt
1/2 t. worcestershire sauce
1/2 t. freshly ground white pepper (or black)
3 egg yolks
1/4 cup mayonnaise
1 t. fresh lemon juice
Combine all ingredients except crab and mix well.  Mixture will be like thick batter.  Drain crab meat.  In bowl, add crab and gradually add imperial mixture and cracker crumbs until cakes hold together.  There will be imperial sauce left over.  Preheat oven at 350.  Lightly grease cookie sheet.  Place crab cakes on sheet.  Dust with Old Bay and bake until lightly brown.
Topping... combine leftover imperial sauce with diced tomatoes... heat til warm.
Fried Tomatoes
Tomato(slightly green)
Egg Wash (White of egg mix with a little water/milk)
Flour
Bread Crumbs
Coat thick tomato slice in flour, dip in egg wash and coat in bread crumbs... Fry until brown.
Chicken Breasts
Flatten Chicken by slicing breasts length wise and pounding flat using rolling pin.
Presentation...
Place fried tomato on plate, top with imperial crab cake and then top with imperial tomato sauce.  Serve while warm

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350. Combine first 11 ingredients in bowl. Gently mix. place in greased casserole dish and Bake 15 minutes to heat through. Remove from oven.
Flatten Chicken Breasts and brush with olive oil, salt and pepper. Bake  minutes and
Preheat broiler. Whisk yolks, 1/4 cup mayo and lemon juice to blend. Spread over top of crab. Browl 6" from heat until beautifully browned. Serve immediately

Submitter: 
Lynn Mauk
Description: 
testing
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
