URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64256680/porcupine-meatballs-with-cheddar-cheese-sauce/
Title:
Porcupine Meatballs with Cheddar Cheese Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5100800.jpg
Ingredients:
For the MEATBALLS...
1 lb. ground beef
1/2 lb. ground pork
1/3 c. seasoned bread crumbs
1/3 c. uncooked long grain white rice
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
1 teaspoon dried parsley
1 teaspoon onion powder
1 "squirt" yellow mustard
1 clove garlic, minced
1 egg
1-2 tablespoons water or milk if needed
Cracked black pepper and sea salt
Olive oil for browning
4 cups water, or enough so that the meatballs are at lease 2/3 submerged.
For the CHEESE SAUCE...
1/4 cup butter (NOT margarine)
1/4 cup flour
cracked black pepper and sea salt
2 1/2 cups milk
1 c. freshly shredded cheddar cheese (pre-shredded, bagged cheddar is NOT recommended...the cheese sauce will not mix properly and will not be smooth due to the cellulose that is added to prevent the cheese from sticking together)

Directions:
Meatballs...
Mix all ingredients for meatballs except the olive oil and 4 cups water.  Form into tightly packed meatballs.  Place them on a plate and then put them into the freezer for about 20 minutes.  This helps them keep their shape and not crumble while browning.
Heat oil in skillet over medium high heat.  Brown meatballs on all sides. Drain fat.
Add water, cover, and simmer for 30-40 minutes, until rice is done and meatballs are cooked through. Remove from pan using a slotted spoon and serve with desired sauce.
Mom's Cheddar Cheese Sauce...
Heat butter in a heavy saucepan over medium heat, allowing the butter to melt but not brown.  Add flour and mix rapidly with wire whisk to remove lumps.  Allow to bubble, whisking frequently, for about 2 minutes.
Whisk in milk, stir well.  Whisk almost constantly until sauce thickens.
Whisk in shredded cheddar cheese 1/2 cup at a time until completely incorporated and sauce is smooth.  Serve over meatballs and egg noodles if desired.

Submitter: 
Linda In Da Kitchen
Description: 
My best rendition of my mother's classic.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
