URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64253588/coconut-shrimp-risotto/
Title:
Coconut Shrimp Risotto Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 Tbs olive oil
24 30ct raw shrimp, peeled and deveined
2 Tbs butter
3 Tbs minced shallots
4 medium crimini mushrooms, sliced
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 cup arborio rice
26 ounce carton seafood stock (such as Swanson's)
1/2 cup pinot grigio or Sauvignon Blanc
1/2 cup coconut milk
2 Tbs sun dried tomato paste (Amore)
1/2 cup frozen peas
1 cup Parmesan cheese, shredded
1/2 teaspoon ground white pepper
1/4 cup chopped flat leaf parsley or cilantro

Directions:
In a covered saucepan, bring the seafood stock to the boil and then reduce to a simmer.
Heat a saucepan over medium to medium high heat and add the olive oil. When the oil shimmers, add the shrimp and cook until just before the shrimp are done. Remove the shrimp from the pan and reserve on a plate.
Add the butter to the pan and when melted add the shallots, mushrooms and garlic. Cook for two to three minutes, or until the mushrooms no longer appear raw.
Add the rice, stirring to coat the grains with fat. Allow the rice to cook for a few minutes.
Add the wine and stir, allowing the wine to be almost fully absorbed by the rice before adding the coconut milk. Continue stirring. Begin to add the first 1/2 cup installment of the stock once the coconut milk has been mostly absorbed. Stir nearly constantly during the additions of wine, coconut milk and stock allowing the liquid to be absorbed between each addition.
Once you have made the last addition of stock, and the liquid has been nearly absorbed, reduce the heat to medium and add back the shrimps. Stir in the tomato paste and peas. Allowing the peas to heat through, about 3 minutes. Stir in the cheese and white pepper until blended well.
If the rice is a bit dry, or stiff, you can add a tablespoon of butter or a couple tablespoons of coconut milk at the end of cooking.
Serve in a bowl and garnish with parsley, or for a very non-Italian flavor, use cilantro.

Submitter: 
Doc Simonson
Description: 
If you use a fairly light hand with the oil and butter, this dish is fairly low in fat. Better than that, it tastes great and is very comforting.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
60 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
