URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64255093/pork-chops-with-apple-cider-glaze/
Title:
Pork Chops with Apple Cider Glaze Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1796190.jpg
Ingredients:
8 boneless center-cut pork chops
salt and ground black pepper to taste
vegetable oil
1/2 cup apple cider vinegar
2 Tablespoons Dijon mustard
1/3 Cup Light Brown Sugar
1 Tablespoon Soy Sauce
Pinch of Richards Seasoning
Dash of Worcestershire Sauce

Directions:
1. Combine all glaze ingredients in medium bowl; mix thoroughly and set aside.
Trim the chops bt slashing through the fat and silver skin with sharp knife, making 2 cuts about 2 inches apart in each chop (do not cut into meat of chops). Pat chops dry with paper towels; season with salt and pepper.
2. Heat oil in heavy-bottomed 12-inch skillet over medium-high heat until smoking. Add pork to skillet and cook until well browned, 4 to 6 minutes.
Turn chops and cook 1 minute longer; transfer chops to plate and pour off any oil in skillet.
NOTE: If your chops are on the thinner side, check their internal temperature after the initial sear. If they are already at the 140-degree mark, remove them from the skillet and allow them to rest, tented with foil, for 5 minutes, then add the platter juices and glaze ingredients to the skillet and proceed with step.
3. When chops have rested, add any accumulated juices to skillet and set over medium heat.
Simmer, whisking constantly, until glaze is thick and color of dark caramel (heatproof spatula should leave wide trail when dragged through glaze), 2 to 6 minutes.
Return chops to skillet; turn to coat both sides with glaze. Transfer chops back to platter, browned side up, and spread remaining glaze over chops. Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Britni Leonard Rice
Description: 
Pork chops with a glossy apple cider glaze is really easy, and while there's no starch or extra butter involved, it reduces quickly to a thick, rich, sweet-tart apple syrup.Modified from: Pork Chops with Apple Cider Glaze
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
