URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64253055/cranberry-orange-scones/
Title:
Cranberry Orange Scones Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 cups plus 1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1/4 cup sugar, plus additional for sprinkling
2 tablespoons baking powder (this is not an error.  Make sure the baking powder is fresh!)
2 teaspoons kosher salt
2 tablespoon grated orange zest, divided
3/4 pound cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/4" cubes
4 extra-large eggs, lightly beaten
1 cup cold heavy cream
1 cup dried cranberries
1 egg beaten with 2 tablespoons water or milk, for egg wash
3/4 cup confectioners' sugar
4 teaspoons freshly squeezed orange juice

Directions:
If you are not making these ahead, preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, mix 4 cups of flour, 1/4 cup sugar, the baking powder, salt and orange zest. Add the cubed cold butter and mix at the lowest speed until the butter is the size of peas.
In another bowl, combine the eggs and heavy cream and, with the mixer on low speed, slowly pour into the flour and butter mixture. Mix until just blended. The dough will look lumpy!
Combine the dried cranberries and 1/4 cup of flour, add to the dough, and mix on low speed until blended.
Dump the dough onto a well-floured surface and knead it into a ball.
If you are making these ahead, divide into two balls, flatten into disks and refrigerate until you are ready to bake them.
Flour your hands and a rolling pin and roll the dough 3/4-inch thick. You should see small bits of butter in the dough. Keep moving the dough on the floured board so it doesn't stick.
Flour a 3-inch round plain or fluted cutter and cut circles of dough. Place the scones on a baking pan lined with parchment paper. Collect the scraps neatly, roll them out, and cut more circles.
Brush the tops of the scones with egg wash, sprinkle with sugar, and bake for 20 to 25 minutes, until the tops are browned and the insides are fully baked. The scones will be firm to the touch.
Allow the scones to cool for 15 minutes and then whisk together the confectioners' sugar, 1 T of zest and orange juice, and drizzle over the scones.

Submitter: 
Sudie B
Description: 
These delicious scones are adapted from Ina Garten's--I like more orange flavor, so I added it and reduced the oven temperature, too! Read and follow directions carefully,and you won't be disappointed.  These are definitely NOT healthy, but they are wicked good! These are best when they are served right out of the oven.  Make them the night before and bake them the next morning. Yum!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
55 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
