URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64251408/heavenly-chipped-chocolate-and-hazelnut-cheesecake/
Title:
Heavenly Chipped Chocolate and Hazelnut Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/3 cup semisweet chocolate chips
1 1/2 cups almond flour
3/4 cup hazelnuts - toasted, skinned and coarsely chopped
2 tablespoons splenda
3 tablespoons butter, melted
3 (8 ounce) packages of light cream cheese, softened
1 cup splenda
3 eggs, lightly beaten
3 tablespoons rum
1 cup semisweet chocolate chips
2/3 cup semisweet chocolate chips
13 skinned, toasted hazelnuts
1/4 cup light sour cream, room temperature
1 tablespoon hazelnut liqueur

Directions:
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C).
Using a blender or a food processor, finely chop 1/3 cup semisweet chocolate chips. Transfer ground chocolate to a mixing bowl. Add vanilla wafer crumbs, ground hazelnuts, 2 tablespoons white sugar, and melted butter or margarine. Mix until well combined.  Press onto the bottom and up the sides of a 9 inch springform pan. Bake in preheated oven for 15 minutes. Allow to cool.
Raise oven temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a large bowl, beat the cream cheese until fluffy. Gradually add 1 cup white sugar; mix well. Add the eggs and 3 tablespoons liqueur. Mix until well blended. Coarsely chop 1 cup of the semisweet chocolate chips, and stir the chocolate into the cream cheese mixture. Pour batter into the cooled crust.
Bake in preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for 1 hour. Let cake cool in oven for 1 hour. Remove outer ring from pan; allow cake to cool completely.
Melt 2/3 cup semisweet chocolate chips over hot (not boiling) water. Stir until smooth. Dip 13 hazelnuts into the chocolate, covering one-half of each nut. Shake off the excess chocolate. Place on a waxed-paper lined plate and chill until set.
Stir the sour cream into the remaining melted chocolate and mix well. Add 1 tablespoon liqueur. Spread glaze on top of the cooled cheesecake. Garnish with chocolate-dipped hazelnuts.

Submitter: 
Josie
Description: 
The classic of combination of chocolate and hazelnuts blends beautifully in this rich and creamy cheesecake with a chocolate-hazelnut crust.You will be able to have some dessert without having to worry about running to the babthroom at an inopertunity.Modified from: Heavenly Chipped Chocolate and Hazelnut Cheesecake
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
