URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64251249/cinnamon-roll-bread-pudding/
Title:
Cinnamon Roll Bread Pudding Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1781718.jpg
Ingredients:
For the bread:
1 can cinnamon rolls (I used Pillsbury Cinnabon Cinnamon Rolls with Cream Cheese Icing (cook and leave out overnight to stale)
5 egg yolks
1 cup light brown sugar
2 cups heavy cream
2/3 cup whole milk
2 tsps vanilla extract
3/4 tsp cinnamon
pinch of salt
For the topping:
2 tbs sugar
4 tbs unsalted butter; room temperature
1/4 tsp cinnamon
For the icing:
Use icing that comes with cinnamon rolls
For the sauce:
2 tbs butter
1 tbs cornstarch
1/2 cup sugar
1 cup milk
4 tbs bourbon

Directions:
Make the bread pudding.  Preheat oven to 300 degrees. Spray a 2 quart baking dish with non stick cooking spray. Set aside. Cut stale rolls into 1/2 " cubes. In large bowl, whisk egg yolks, brown sugar, cream, milk, vanilla extract, cinnamon, and salt. Toss in the stale cinnamon roll cubes until evenly coated. Let the mixture sit until the bread begins to absorb custard, about 30 minutes, tossing occasionally.
Pour the bread mixture into the prepared baking dish. Cover the dish and bake for 45 minutes in the 300 degree oven. (Meanwhile, prepare the topping.  Mix the sugar and 1/4 tsp cinnamon in a small bowl. With your fingers, pinch the butter into the sugar mixture until crumbs are the size of small peas.)
Remove the cover from the pudding and sprinkle the butter mixture on top. Bake, uncovered, until the custard is set, 20-25 minutes. Increase the oven temperature to 450 degrees and bake 2 more minutes, or until the pudding forms a golden crust. Let the pudding cool on a wire rack for 30 minutes.
While the pudding is cooling, warm the cinnamon roll icing for about 15 seconds in the microwave. Carefully (because it may be hot), take the icing out of the microwave and drizzle over the pudding.
In the meantime, make the sauce. Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Mix together the sugar and cornstarch. Stir this mixture into the butter. Pour in the milk and bourbon, stirring frequently until the mixture begins to boil. continue cooking until thick, stirring constantly. Remove from heat.
Once the pudding is cooled, spoon portions onto serving dishes. Spoon warm sauce over pudding. Serve.

Submitter: 
Amy Lawler
Description: 
A twist on a classic recipe. I've made this for breakfast and dessert and my family loves it!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
