URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64258968/pablitos-chicken-tacos/
Title:
Pablito's Chicken Tacos Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup sour cream
1/2 bunch fresh spinach, finely chopped
1 lime, juiced
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon white sugar
2 cups all-purpose flour
2 cups masa harina
2 teaspoons baking powder
2 teaspoons salt
1 3/4 cups hot water
2 ounces butter, melted
1/2 teaspoon vegetable oil
1/4 cup vegetable oil
1 cup cubed skinless, boneless chicken breast meat
1/2 bunch kale, stems removed and leaves coarsely chopped
1/2 onion, sliced
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper

Directions:
Stir sour cream, spinach, lime juice, 1 teaspoon salt, and sugar in a bowl until well combined. Refrigerate until ready to use.
Mix flour, masa harina, baking powder, and 2 teaspoons salt in the bowl of a stand mixer. Gradually pour butter and hot water into flour mixture while mixing at lowest speed; mix until a dough just starts to come together.
Turn dough out onto a clean, flat surface and knead 3 to 4 times. Separate dough into 1 1/2 ounce balls, cover, and let rest for 1 hour.
Press each dough ball in a tortilla press lined with parchment paper or plastic wrap; transfer each tortilla to a baking sheet.
Lightly coat a cast-iron pan with 1/2 teaspoon vegetable oil and heat over medium-high heat. Place a tortilla in the pan and cook until lightly golden, about 1 minute per side. Repeat with remaining tortillas.
Heat 1/4 cup vegetable oil in a skillet over high heat. Stir in chicken; cook until browned around the edges, 4 to 6 minutes. Stir in onion, kale, 1 teaspoon salt, and pepper; reduce heat to medium-high. Cook, stirring often, until kale is wilted, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from heat.
Spoon chicken-kale mixture into each tortilla, top with spinach sour cream, and serve.

Submitter: 
Colleen Robertson Curtiss
Description: 
A delicious twist on a Mexican favorite, Pablito's Taqueria's homemade tortillas with chicken and kale filling topped with spinach sour cream are a delight to eat!Modified from: Pablito's Chicken Tacos
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
