URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64252697/spicy-slow-cooker-turkey-soup/
Title:
Spicy Slow Cooker Turkey Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb. lean ground turkey
2 tsp. + 1 tsp. olive oil
1-2 medium onions, chopped small
2 tsp. ground Ancho chile (or use any ground chile powder if you don't have Ancho)
1 T ground cumin
1 tsp. dried Mexican oregano (or regular oregano will work, although Mexican oregano is great with these flavors)
1 can (15 oz.) pinto beans, rinsed with cold water and drained
2 large red bell peppers, seeds removed and chopped small
10 oz. green chile enchilada sauce (If you need gluten-free be sure to use a brand that's gluten-free like La Victoria.)
5 oz. red enchilada sauce (make sure the sauce tastes good on its own - I like Chi Chis)
1 can (4.5 oz.) diced green chiles with juice (Anaheim chiles, not Jalapenos, unless you really want it to be hot)
2 cups chicken stock (or 1 14.5oz can plus a little water)
Frank's red hot or other hot sauce for serving
Salt

Directions:
Heat 2 tsp. oil in a large non-stick frying pan and cook the ground turkey until it is well-browned, breaking apart with the turner as it cooks.  (Browning adds a lot of flavor, so don't rush this step.)
While the turkey is browning, drain the pinto beans into a colander and rinse well with cold water until no more foam appears; then let beans drain.  Dice the red bell pepper into smallish pieces.
When turkey is finished cooking, pour off fat.  Add browned turkey to the slow cooker.
Add another teaspoon of oil to pan and saute the chopped onions until they are well softened, about 5 minutes.  Add the ground Ancho chiles, ground cumin, and Mexican oregano and cook about 1 minute more.  Add the onion-spices mixture to the slow cooker.
When browned turkey and onion mixture is in the slow cooker, add the pinto beans, chopped red bell pepper, enchilada sauce, and diced green chiles with juice.
Add a little chicken stock to the pan you cooked the turkey and onions in, and scrape off any browned bits, then add that to the slow cooker.  Add the remaining chicken stock to the slow cooker.
Cook on high about 3 hours, or until the soup is fragrant and bell peppers are softened.  (You can probably cook for 6-7 hours on low, but I have not tried it that way.)  Taste for seasoning before serving - I wanted a little more salt and hot sauce in mine, but Nick was fine with it as-is.

Submitter: 
HDN
Description: 
Really easy and quick prep.  It's a good recipe because you can keep all of the ingredients in the house (frozen ground turkey and frozen onions) and then just buy some red peppers before making it.  I would probably double the recipe as well, because I was left with half a can of enchilada sauce when I made it as written (with 15oz total enchilada sauce).  FYI - on the original recipe, it calls for less onion, only one red pepper, and all green enchilada sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
3 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
