URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64262281/tamales/
Title:
Tamales Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1863186.jpg
Ingredients:
18 corn husks
SAUCE
4 dried Anaheim chile peppers
1 tbsp sunflower oil
1 garlic clove, minced
1 tbsp white whole wheat flour
1/2 tsp vinegar
1/2 tsp salt
1/2 tsp oregano
1/8 tsp ground cumin
MEAT
2 lb ground pork
2 1/2 cups water
1/2 yellow onion
1 garlic clove
1 bay leaf
1 tsp salt
8 peppercorns
MASA
2 cups instant masa
1 tsp baking powder
1/2 tsp salt
3/4 cup butter
RICE
4 cups water
2 cups brown rice
1 garlic clove, minced
1 tbsp olive oil
1 salt
2 tbsp dried cilantro
Mexican beer (optional)

Directions:
Soak corn husks 1 hour in hot water. Rinse and pat dry with paper towels.
SAUCE
Place chiles in a large saucepan with enough water to cover an inch over the chiles. Cover and bring to a boil. Remove from heat and let stand 45 minutes or until softened.
Drain chiles, reserving soaking liquid. Remove stems and seeds. Place chiles and 1/2 cup soaking liquid in blender. Process until pureed.
Heat garlic in oil and cook until fragrant. Discard garlic, then stir in flour until smooth. Add pureed chiles and remaining ingredients. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and stir until thickened.
MEAT
Place pork in large saucepan with water, onion, garlic, bay leaf, salt, and peppercorns. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat, cover, and simmer for 1 hour.
Drain meat, reserving 1 1/4 cups broth for tamale dough. Mix meat with sauce.
MASA
Combine instant masa, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl. Work in broth with fingers to make a soft, moist dough.
In a small bowl, beat butter until fluffy. Add to masa and beat until dough has a spongy texture. Place a cupful of water nearby. Continue to beat dough until a small piece placed on the surface of the water floats.
Holding each corn husk with point toward you, place a rounded tablespoonful of masa at large end of husk. Spread with fingers. Place filling on dough; spread to cover masa. Fold sides of husk over tamale. Fold pointed end of corn husk under with seam on outside.
Stand tamales on folded ends on a rack over water (or wadded up aluminum foil) in a large pot. Cover. Bring water to a boil; reduce heat. Cover and steam 1 hour or until dough pulls away easily from husk.
Serve with beer.

Submitter: 
Animator's Wife
Description: 
This is the real deal: authentic pork tamales the way they should be made. I usually save making these babies for the weekend.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
