URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64268115/lidias-rigatoni-with-sausage-tomato-sauce/
Title:
Lidia’s Rigatoni with Sausage-Tomato Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1855644.jpg
Ingredients:
1½ pounds sweet Italian sausage
1 cup white wine
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for finishing the sauce
2 cups onions, chopped
1 garlic clove, peeled and sliced
½ teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for the pasta pot
½ teaspoon peperoncino flakes, or to taste
6 cup canned Italian plum tomatoes, preferably San Marzano, crushed by hand
1 branch of fresh basil, with lots of leaves
1 pound rigatoni
1 cup Grana Padano, freshly grated, plus more for passing -

Directions:
Remove the sausage casings, and crumble the meat into a large bowl.
Pour over it ½ cup of the wine, and mix this in with your fingers, breaking up any big meat clumps, so the sausage is evenly moistened.
Pour the olive oil into the big skillet, and set it over medium heat.
Stir in the onions, and cook until they begin to soften, about 5 minutes; scatter the sliced garlic in the pan, and season with the salt and peperoncino.
When everything is sizzling, crumble in the sausage, and stir with the onions.
Pour in the remaining ½ cup wine, raise the heat a bit, and cook, stirring, as the wine cooks away and the sausage becomes all browned, about 10 minutes.
Pour in the tomatoes and a cup of water (which you’ve used to slosh and rinse the tomato cans and bowl).
Submerge the basil branch in the liquid, cover the skillet, and bring to a boil.
Set the cover ajar, adjust the heat to keep the sauce bubbling steadily, and cook for an hour or more, until the sauce has developed good flavor and reduced to the consistency you like for dressing pasta.
Remove and discard basil branch.
You can use some of the sauce right away—you’ll need half of it to dress the rigatoni.
Lift out the pasta in big bunches with a spider, drain for a moment, and spill them into the simmering sauce.
Over low heat, toss the rigatoni and sauce together for a few minutes to marry the past/sauce.
Turn off the heat, and sprinkle the grated cheese over the rigatoni and toss well.
Serve immediately, passing more cheese at the table.

Submitter: 
Dianna Jacobs-Fresh
Description: 
Recipe taken from Lidia's Italy Website
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
130
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
