URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64266724/italian-style-beef-olives-bragioli/
Title:
Italian Style Beef Olives (Bragioli) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1848232.jpg
Ingredients:
2 1 pounds skirt steak or flank
4 slices of bacon or pancetta, diced
1-2 tablespoons coconut or olive oil
1 medium yellow onion, finely chopped
1 medium carrot, finely grated
8 oz white mushrooms, wiped and finely chopped
1 celery stalk, finely diced
1-2 cloves garlic, minced
1 tablespoon almond flour
1 teaspoon dried parsley
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon sea salt
3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 14 ounce can organic diced or crushed tomatoes (san margzano)
1 14 ounce can of beef or chicken stock
1/4 cup white wine (optional)
Fresh parsley for garnish

Directions:
Take beef and set on a board and cover with clear wrap. Using a mallet on the smooth end flatten out meat until it is about 1/4 inch and it is about a square in shape. Cut into 4 pieces. Do the same to the next beef piece. Note: you can season the beef with salt and pepper.
In a large sauté pan over medium heat add 1/2 tablespoon coconut oil and add diced bacon and pancetta. Cook for about 5-7 minutes until almost crispy and place on a plate with a paper towel.
If you need more oil add now using the same pan (leave in any bacon grease) and add the onion, carrot, mushrooms and celery for 3 minutes then add the garlic for another 1-2 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the almond flour and bacon/pancetta. Add parsley, basil, salt and pepper. Mix well.
Spoon equal amounts of the filling into the center of each piece of beef and roll up enclosing the filling. Secure with string.
Using the same sauté pan (if it is deep and has a cover). Heat the remaining oil over medium/high heat and saute the beef rolls to seal on all sides, about 5-7 minutes.
Pour the tomatoes and stock over and bring to the boil. If you are using wine add to the mixture. Cover the pan and simmer over a low heat for 1 hour. Garnish plate with fresh parsley.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
For this recipe and other entertaining tips visit cindystable.com!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
