URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64267125/soy-marinated-cream-cheese-stuffed-salmon/
Title:
Soy Marinated & Cream Cheese-Stuffed Salmon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup low sodium soy sauce
3 tablespoons honey
2 tablespoons whole grain Dijon mustard
1 teaspoon ground ginger
4 cloves garlic, minced
1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes, or to taste
4 (8 ounce) salmon fillets or steaks
3/4 cup cream cheese, softened
3 green onions, finely chopped
1/2 teaspoon whole grain Dijon mustard
1/2 cup teriyaki sauce
1 tablespoon sesame seeds

Directions:
Stir together the soy sauce, honey, 2 tablespoons mustard, ginger, garlic, and red pepper flakes in a medium bowl. Arrange the salmon fillets in a shallow dish. Pour the marinade over the salmon, turning fillets to coat both sides. Cover, and refrigerate for 20 to 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, make the salmon stuffing by combining the cream cheese, green onions, and 1/2 teaspoon mustard in a small bowl. Refrigerate until ready to cook the salmon.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking dish with foil, and lightly grease foil.
Remove salmon from marinade. Cut a slit in the thickest part of each fillet to make a small pocket. Spoon cream cheese mixture into the pocket. Place salmon in prepared baking dish.
Cook salmon in preheated oven for 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from oven; spoon teriyaki sauce over fillets and sprinkle with sesame seeds. Reduce heat to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Cook until fish is easily flaked with a fork, about 5 minutes more.

Submitter: 
Colleen Robertson Curtiss
Description: 
A sweet-savory soy sauce marinade sets the stage for these cream cheese and green onion-stuffed salmon fillets or steaks. Oven-baked, and finished with a splash of teriyaki sauce and a sprinkling of sesame seeds, they guarantee applause for the cook.Modified from: Sara's Soy Marinated and Cream Cheese-Stuffed Salmon
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
