URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64266060/tripe-less-pepper-pot-soup/
Title:
"Tripe-less" Pepper Pot Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 Cups chicken stock
4 Slices thick-cut bacon
1/4 pound Canadian bacon or 2 slices (back bacon or cured smoked pork loins)
1/2 onion, minced, about 1/3 cup
3 ribs celery, minced, about 1/2 cup
1 green bell peppers, seeded and minced
6-8 Sea Scallops, chopped about 1/2" size
1 can Ham sausage patties, chopped to about 1 " pieces
1/2 Tsp. ground cayenne pepper
1/2 Tsp. Freshly ground black pepper
1 Tsp. ground chipotle or ancho chile powder
1 lb. of a low-starch potato variety such as Kennebec, Red Bliss, Norland or Yukon Gold peeled and diced to make 1 cup
1 Tsp. Garlic powder
1 Tsp. dried oregano
1 Tsp. dried basil
1 bay leaf
2 Tablespoons butter
2 Tablespoons flour

Directions:
Use: a heavy 3-quart or larger saucepan
Cut the bacon into small pieces
Saute until browned
Cut the Canadian bacon or pork loin in to small pieces, reserve
To the browned bacon, add the minced onion, celery, and peppers, and simmer for 5 minutes
Add the Canadian bacon or pork loin and return to simmer
Add the Chopped Ham Sausage patties, the soup stock, and the bay leaf, cayenne powder, black pepper, ground chipotle, garlic powder, oregano and basil
Bring mixture to the boil
Add the potatoes
Cover and reduce heat to simmer; cook for at least 60 minutes.
Add Scallops, cook 5 minutes on medium
To thicken the broth: at the end of the cooking time, melt the butter in a saute pan and add the flour.  Cook without browning for at least 3 minutes.  Still over heat,  dribble in about 1/4 cup of  soup broth, whisking all the while, until mixture is smooth and bubbles.  Return mixture to soup pot, stir, and serve.

Submitter: 
DonB5750
Description: 
While not exactly an authentic version of this classic, it does allow one to enjoy the rich, hearty taste of Pepper Pot Soup without trying to find or bother with it's classic ingredient, Tripe. Very tasty and warming soup for the winter.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20-25 min.
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
