URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64269343/sausage-egg-and-apple-muffins/
Title:
Sausage, Egg and Apple "Muffins" Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1863949.jpg
Ingredients:
Olive oil cooking spray
4 ounces white mountain bread, cut into 1/2-inch cubes (apx 3 cups)
2 Tbsp extra-virgin olive oil
1 tsp dried thyme
1 tsp dried sage
1 tsp Kosher salt
1/2 tsp freshly ground pepper
Extra-virgin olive oil to coat the bottom of skillet
1 medium yellow onion, finely diced
1 10 oz package maple breakfast sausage, casings removed
1 Tbsp fresh minced garlic
1/2 Tbsp dried sage
6 large eggs, beaten
1 large Granny Smith apple, peeled and finely diced
3 Tbsp chicken broth
12 cup muffin pan
Cutting board, bread knife and chef's knife
Large bowl
Baking sheet
Large skillet

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350°. Grease muffin pan with cooking spray.
In a large bowl, toss the bread with 2 tablespoons of the oil; season with 1 tsp salt, thyme and sage, 1/2 tsp pepper.  Spread in a single layer on the baking sheet and bake for about 7 minutes, until toasted. Transfer the croutons back to the bowl.
Meanwhile add two turns of EVOO to the large skillet. Add the onion and cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until softened and slightly caramelized, about 5 minutes. Add the sausage, garlic and sage and cook, stirring and breaking up the meat, until no trace of pink remains, apx 5-7 minutes. Combine the eggs, apple, and broth into the croutons.  Mix in sausage and season with a pinch salt and pepper. Let stand for 5 minutes.
Pack the mixture into the muffin cups and bake for 20 to 25 minutes, until golden. Transfer to a cooling rack and let stand for 5 minutes. Loosen the muffins with a butter knife and lift them out. Serve warm and enjoy the goodness.
Leftover Situation: These can actually be made the day before, or kept for one day.  Refrigerate in the muffin pan and rewarm on 350 for apx 10-15mins.

Submitter: 
Zest to Impress
Description: 
A different type of muffin, this is great for a large brunch, or a small weekend breakfast.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
