URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64269481/soft-pretzel-knots/
Title:
Soft Pretzel Knots Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1865103.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 C warm water (110-115 degrees)
1 T Sugar
2 t kosher salt
1 package dry yeast
4 1/2 C (22 oz) flour. Bread Flour gives a chewier pretzel
4 T butter melted (35 sec in micro)
1 t Vegetable Oil
Spray Vegetable Oil
Egg Whites
Butter
Course Salt
Water Bath:
10 C Water
2/3 C Baking Soda

Directions:
DOUGH: Combine water, sugar, and kosher salt in bowl of mixer. Add yeast on top and allow to sit for 5 min until mixture foams. Add the butter and the flour using dough hook. Mix on low speed until mixed. Change speed to medium and knead until dough is smooth for 4-5 min. Remove dough, knead, form dough into a ball, return to bowl, brush dough with vegetable oil, cover and raise until double in warm place.
FORMING DOUGH: Punch dough down, knead, and keep covered. Divide into 12 pieces (3 oz each). Roll each into a long rope about 18". Fold rope in half, lightly twist center of rope once, then send ends through the bottom loop to form a knot, or twist into traditional pretzel shape. Do this until all pretzels are formed. You can also make 36 round balls (1 oz) for pretzel bites.
BOILING: Preheat oven to 450 degrees. In a large shallow pot, bring 10 C water to a boil. Line 2 cookie sheets with parchment paper and spray paper with cooking spray. Cover a plate with paper towels for draining pretzels. When water boils, add baking soda (it will foam, so make sure your pot is only half full of water), and return to a boil. Add pretzels a few at a time, and boil for 30 seconds. Remove pretzels to paper towel to drain, then place on cookie sheet until sheet is full. Sprinkle with  salt (I use kosher salt). Brush pretzels with egg white first if preferred. Continue until pretzels are boiled and on cookie sheets, keeping in mind to remove water bath from heat between batches. Maintain water level between batches or pretzels will taste bitter. Bake until dark golden brown in color for 13 min. Brush with butter, and cool on rack for 5 min. Pretzels will soften in about an hour. Store in airtight container with parchment between layers or salt melts.

Submitter: 
cullivoe
Description: 
These pretzels are great for holiday eating or to give as a food gift. They take some time roll out and boil, but the effort is worth it!! You can twist them into all kinds of shapes, roll into straight sticks or 1 balls for pretzel bites. Melt Velveeta cheese or beer cheese dip to dip them into.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2-3 hrs
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
