URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64272389/risotto-con-radicchio-gorgonzola-noci-e-crema-di-balsamico/
Title:
Risotto con Radicchio, Gorgonzola, Noci e Crema di Balsamico Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1877898.jpg
Ingredients:
160 grams risotto rice
50 grams mirepoix (minced carrot, celery and onion)
200 grams sliced radicchio
4 Tbsp olive oil, divided in half
2 Tbsp red wine
35 grams chopped walnuts
75 grams gorgonzola in cubes
1 litre vegetable stock
2 Tbsp balsamic glaze
2 Tbsp parmigiano reggiano (optional)

Directions:
Bring veggie stock to a boil in a small pot, then reduce heat to simmer. Have an 8 oz. ladle close by.
In another medium stock pot heat 2 Tbsp of the olive oil. Once hot, add mirepoix and sauté until onions are translucent, approx. 2 minutes.
In the same pot, add the remaining olive oil and, when hot, add the rice.
Sauté the rice until it is completely coated with oil and heated. Add red wine and stir to coat the rice. When the red wine has been absorbed by the rice add one ladle of stock to the rice and continue stirring. Continue adding stock, one ladle at a time, until it is absorbed by the rice until the rice is easily broken when chewed sticks to your teeth.
Add walnuts and gorgonzola and stir continually until the gorgonzola melts completely.
Add more stock as needed, stirring continually, until the rice has reached it's "done" point where it is creamy but still slightly al dente.
Take the risotto off the heat source and cover for one minute, do not stir.
Add the rice to the plates and top with balsamic glaze and parmigiano reggiano if desired.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
This is a true Italian Winter favourite. The flavour and texture combination is enjoyable due to the tangy flavour of the gorgonzola, sweetness of the walnuts and the slight bitterness of the radicchio. The balsamic glaze simply takes it over the top! Buon appetito! This is excellent served with salmon.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
