URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64273289/greek-spanakopita/
Title:
Greek Spanakopita Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb. phyllo pastry sheets/ 8 sheets phyllo dough
2 pounds spinach - rinsed and chopped
2 large onions - chopped
1 bunch green onions - chopped
2 cloves garlic - minced
1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley
3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill
4 eggs - lightly beaten
1/2 lb. ricotta or cottage cheese
1 lb. crumbled feta cheese
1/4 cup olive oil
3 tablespoons butter
extra virgin olive oil
salt and pepper

Directions:
Wash and drain the chopped spinach very well. If using frozen spinach, thaw completely and squeeze out excess water. Spinach should be dry.
Squeeze handfuls of spinach until all water is removed and put spinach in a mixing bowl. Add crumbled feta cheese. In a small pan, melt butter. Chop green onions and add to the butter, cooking a few minutes until fragrant. Add butter, onions, fresh dill and parsley, and salt and pepper to the bowl. Stir together everything with a fork. Add lightly beaten eggs and combine into mixture.
Brush a 9 x 13 pan with olive oil. Lay down a full sheet of phyllo. The edges should come up and over the sides. Brush with olive oil. Lay down another entire sheet and brush with olive oil. Now cut the sheets in half with kitchen sheers so they fit just the bottom of the pan. Continue to layer sheets of phyllo brushed with olive oil until you have 6 sheets.
Put spinach and cheese mixture in the pan and spread evenly. Layer with 4 more half sheets that completely cover the spinach. Brush each layer with olive oil. Use full sheets again for the top 2 layers and allow the edges to come up over the top of the pan. Carefully roll the edges that overlap the pan inwards to create a rolled edge of phyllo around the perimeter of the pie. Brush entire top and edges with olive oil. With a sharp knife, make slits in the top of the pie to avoid bubbles when cooking.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F/ 175 degrees C. Lightly oil a 9x13 inch square baking pan.
Bake in a 350 degree oven for about 40 minutes or until phyllo pastry is golden brown. Remove and cool for 10 minutes before cutting and serving. Cut into squares and serve while hot.

Submitter: 
Tracy Ann
Description: 
Spanakotiropita is an authentic and very rich Greek pie, stuffed with spinach, onions, cheeses and herbs that are all enfolded by crispy, flaky phyllo dough.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
