URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64278294/low-carb-deep-dish-pizza/
Title:
low carb DEEP DISH PIZZA Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 ounces cream cheese, softened
2 eggs
1/4 cup parmesan cheese, 1 ounce (I used the kind in a can)
1/4 teaspoon oregano or Italian seasoning
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
8 ounces Italian cheese blend or mozzarella cheese, shredded
TOPPINGS:
1/4 cup pizza sauce
4 ounces mozzarella cheese, shredded
Assorted toppings: pepperoni, ham, sausage, 4 ounce can mushrooms, green peppers, bacon, ground beef, etc.
Dash of garlic pepper or garlic powder and some Italian seasoning for top of pizza

Directions:
Put the softened cream cheese, eggs, parmesan cheese, seasonings and 8 ounces of mozzarella in a medium bowl. Mix with a spoon until well-blended. Spread the cheese mixture evenly in a well-greased 9x13" glass baking dish or a 9x13" rimmed baking sheet that is lightly greased and lined with parchment paper (see note below). Bake at 375ยบ 20-25 minutes or until evenly browned, but not too dark. Let cool completely on a wire rack.
If you baked it without a parchment paper lining, when nearly cooled, take a metal spatula and carefully pry up the edges to loosen from pan. Ease the spatula under the whole crust to loosen. Keep the crust in the pan. This makes it easier to remove the finished pizza later. Refrigerate, uncovered, until shortly before serving time. Chilling the crust before topping the pizza is optional. You can top it right away and do the final baking. I just find it convenient to get the crust baked ahead of time and then do the second baking with the toppings just before serving.
Spread the crust with the pizza sauce, then the cheese and toppings of your choice. Lightly sprinkle with the seasonings of your choice. Bake at 375ยบ about 15-20 minutes or until toppings are bubbly. Let stand a few minutes before cutting.
Per Serving: 304 Calories; 25g Fat; 17g Protein; 3g Carbohydrate; 1g Dietary Fiber; 2g Net Carbs

Submitter: 
Christine Denstaedt
Description: 
Per Serving: 304 Calories; 25g Fat; 17g Protein; 3g Carbohydrate; 1g Dietary Fiber; 2g Net Carbs
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
