URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64272313/dinner-salad-with-kale-fruit-poultry-and-stuff/
Title:
Dinner Salad with Kale, Fruit, Poultry, and Stuff Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1877576.jpg
Ingredients:
Salad:
1 cup water
¾ cup white sugar
1 bag (12 oz.) fresh cranberries
1 red grapefruit, sectioned
2 apples, peeled and chunked
1 avocado cut in thin chunks
½ cup almonds, chopped
¾ lb. leftover chicken, turkey, or goose, off the bone, cut in strips
1 large bunch Kale
1 bag (6-8 oz.) Lettuce
Dressing:
2 T spicy brown mustard
6 T red wine vinegar
1 tsp kosher salt
1 tsp ground black pepper
½ cup extra virgin olive oil

Directions:
In a medium saucepan, stir sugar into water and bring to a boil. Stir in cranberries. Return to boil, then reduce heat and simmer for about 8 minutes, until tender and not so terribly bitter. Remove from heat and allow to cool. Strain the berries, reserve the syrup, and set aside.
Prepare the grapefruit sections and chunk into a bowl. Prepare the apple chunks, and add to the grapefruit, mixing to coat the apple with citrus juice. This will help keep the apple from rusting.
Prepare the avocado pieces and almonds and set aside.
Prepare the leftover poultry, cutting into strips, and set aside.
Wash the kale thoroughly. Remove stems. Cut or tear leaves into bite-size pieces. Place in a large salad bowl, really large -- this is a big salad! Mix in lettuce.
Arrange the avocado, apples, grapefruit, and meat over the top of the salad. Top with cranberries and almonds in the center. Make it pretty.
Dressing: In a small bowl, combine vinegar, mustard, salt, pepper. Stir in about 1/3 cup of the cranberry syrup. While whisking the vinegar mixture, drizzle in the olive oil. Taste, and make any adjustments needed.
Serve as a main course.

Submitter: 
David Douthett
Description: 
This is an adaptation of several similar recipes here. I had leftover goose from Christmas and a bunch of kale I needed to use up, so this happened. It has a good variety of flavors and textures and is very filling. Worth the time of cutting everything up.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
about 45 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
