URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64285313/epic-crispy-quinoa-burgers-topped-with-sweet-potato-fries-beer-caramelized-onions-gruyere/
Title:
Epic Crispy Quinoa Burgers Topped with Sweet Potato Fries, Beer Caramelized Onions + Gruyere Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
PATTIES:
2 cups cooked red quinoa
1 cup cannellini beans, mashed
1/2 cup panko bread crumbs
1 large egg, lightly beaten
1 clove garlic, grated
1 teaspoon chipotle chile powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon peper
3/4 cup sharp cheddar cheese, shredded
3 tablespoons olive oil
4 of your favorite burger buns
SWEET POTATO FRIES:
4 medium sweet potatoes, cut into thin 1/2-inch thick strips
1/2 teaspoon chipotle chile powder
1/4-1/2 cayenne pepper
1/4 teaspoon smoked paprika
salt and pepper, to taste
4 tablespoon olive oil
ONIONS:
1 tablespoon butter
2 large sweet onions, thinly sliced
1 cup beer (or substitute white grape juice or beef broth)

Directions:
In a bowl combine the quinoa, mashed cannellini beans, bread crumbs, egg, garlic, chipotle chile powder, salt and pepper. Mix well to moisten the ingredients and then mix in the shredded cheddar cheese. Mix well again and form into 4 or 5 equal burger patties (I made 5). Place on a plate and put in the fridge.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.
Place cut potatoes in a large bowl and drizzle with oil, chipotle chile powder, cayenne, smoked paprika, salt and pepper. Gently toss with your hands or two spatulas to evenly coat. Spread on a baking sheet in one layer. Bake for 15-20 minutes, then flip and bake for 15-20 minutes more. You want the sweet potatoes to be crispy, but not burnt. If you want perfectly crisp fries I recommend spreading the sweet potatoes on a greased wire rack and baking them as directed above. But this way is a bit of a pain. Keep the sweet potato fries warm until ready to top on the burgers.
While the fries cook caramelize the onions. Heat large skillet. Add 1 tablespoon butter over medium-high heat. Add onions and cook about 15 minutes, stirring frequently, until softened.
At this point you want to slowly add the beer, let it cook into the onions, add more and let it cook. Do this until the 1 cup of beer is gone or the onions are caramelized to your liking and the beer has evaporated. Remove from the skillet and keep warm.
At this point you want to slowly add the beer, let it cook into the onions, add more and let it cook. Do this until the 1 cup of beer is gone or the onions are caramelized to your liking and the beer has evaporated. Remove from the skillet and keep warm.
To assemble the burgers, place each burger on a bun, top with equal amounts of caramelized onions and sweet potato fries. EAT!

Submitter: 
goodeats
Description: 
from halfbakedharvest.com
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
