URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64286342/chipotle-mango-bbq-chicken-salad/
Title:
Chipotle-Mango BBQ Chicken Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the Chipotle-Mango BBQ Sauce (makes 2 1/4 cups):
1 mango, chopped
1 chipotle pepper in adobo sauce, plus 2 teaspoons adobo sauce
1/2 cup ketchup
1/2 cup apple juice (or applesauce and water)
1/4 onion, chopped
4 cloves garlic, smashed and peeled
Juice from 1/2 lemon
2 Tablespoons unseasoned rice vinegar
2 Tablespoons brown sugar
1 Tablespoon canola oil
2 teaspoons paprika
2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon black pepper
For the dressing:
2 Tablespoons prepared Chipotle-Mango BBQ Sauce
2 Tablespoons plain Greek yogurt
1-2 teaspoons lime juice (maybe more, maybe less)
salt & pepper
For the salad:
2 chicken breasts
2 ears sweet corn, shucked (optional)
Red Onions (Optional
Monterrey Jack Cheese
1 vine-ripened tomato, cut into wedges or cherry tomatoes
1/4 cup chopped cilantro
1 bag Dole Romaine Salad mix

Directions:
For the Chipotle-Mango BBQ Sauce:
Combine all ingredients for Chipotle-Mango BBQ Sauce into a saucepan. Bring to a boil, then lower heat and simmer for 15-20 minutes, stirring often. Let cool then transfer to a food processor or blender, and process until smooth.
For the dressing: Whisk together all ingredients in a small bowl. Taste, then add more lime juice, salt and/or pepper if necessary.
For the salad:
Marinate chicken breasts in some of the prepared Chipotle-Mango BBQ Sauce for at least 15 minutes, or up to 3 hours. Grill over medium-high heat for 5-6 minutes per side until no longer pink in the middle. Allow to rest for 5 minutes off the grill before slicing. Grill corn alongside the chicken, rotating every few minutes until charred on all sides. Let cool for a few minutes, then cut kernels off the cob.
Divide lettuce between two plates, then top with grilled corn, tomatoes, cilantro, and grilled chicken. Drizzle with prepared dressing.

Submitter: 
Rosemary Vandello
Description: 
Excellent BBQ that is easy to make and a joy to eat :)  This will become a regular meal for me.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
55 min
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
