URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64284839/tikka-masala/
Title:
Tikka Masala Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1913259.jpg
Ingredients:
4 Tbsp. Tikka Masala spice blend
6 Tbsp. olive oil, divided
1/4 cups water
1 cup tomato sauce
1 1/2 tsp. honey
1 lb. boneless chicken or tofu, cut into cubes
1 onion, cut in half, then sliced
5 cloves of garlic, crushed
1 1/2 - 2 cups fresh vegetables (bell pepper, broccoli, carrots, peas)
1 Tbsp. lemon juice
1 1/2 tsp. sea salt
1/2 cup plain yogurt
1/2 cup half and half
cilantro for garnish

Directions:
Heat a pan to medium-high heat, then toast the tikka masala spice blend for 2-3 minutes, stirring constantly, until very fragrant.
If using tofu, press out some of the water between two towels by placing a heavy cutting board on top.
Mix tikka masala spice blend, 4 Tbsp. oil, and 4 Tbsp. water into a smooth paste, and set aside.
Mix tomato sauce and honey to make a smooth sauce, and set aside.
In a large skillet, heat 2 Tbsp. oil over medium-low heat and cook the onions for 8-10 minutes, stirring constantly, until nearly caramelized. Add the garlic and stir until fragrant.
Increase heat to medium-high. Add chicken/tofu and cook until lightly browned.
Remove chicken/tofu to warm plate and sauté fresh vegetables for 2 to 2 ½ min until cooked, but still crisp.
Add chicken/tofu back to vegetables and stir in tikka paste. Cook for 2 to 3 min., stirring occasionally. Stir in lemon juice, sea salt and tomato sauce mixture, and cook for 3 to 4 more min.
Mix together yogurt and half and half in a small bowl. Reduce heat to a simmer and thoroughly stir in yogurt mixture.
Cover and simmer for 5 to 8 min., stirring occasionally
Sprinkle with fresh cilantro and serve over basmati rice.

Submitter: 
paralee
Description: 
Tastes just like the tikka masala from your local Indian restaurant. Delicious served with saag paneer, basmati rice, and naan.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 mintues
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
