URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64293888/chicken-with-broccoli-ziti-and-parmesan-cheese-made-in-one-pan/
Title:
Chicken With Broccoli, Ziti, And Parmesan Cheese (made in one pan!) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cubed
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 medium onion, diced
3 garlic cloves, minced
1/4 teaspoon dried oregano
1/8 teaspoon red pepper flakes
8 ounces ziti
2 3/4 cups water
1 2/3 cups chicken broth
12 ounces broccoli florets (about 4 cups)
1/2 cup heavy cream
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice

Directions:
Season the chicken with salt and pepper.
Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over medium-high heat until shimmering.
Add the chicken in a single layer, and cook for 1 minute. Stir and continue cooking until most of the pink color has disappeared and chicken is lightly browned around edges, 1 to 2 minutes more. Transfer the chicken to a plate, and set it aside.
Add remaining tablespoon of oil, onion, and 1/2 teaspoon salt to the skillet. Cook, stirring often, until onion is softened, 2 to 5 minutes. Stir in the garlic, oregano, and pepper flakes, and cook for 30 seconds.
Add the ziti, 2 cups of the water, and the broth. Bring to a boil and, stirring frequently to keep ziti from sticking, cook until liquid is thick, syrupy, and almost fully absorbed, about 12 to 15 minutes.
Add broccoli and the remaining 3/4 cup of water.
Cover, reduce heat to medium, and cook until broccoli is bright green and almost tender, 3 to 5 minutes.
Uncover, and raise heat to high. Stir in the cream, Parmesan cheese, and the reserved chicken with its juices, and continue to simmer uncovered until sauce is thickened and chicken is cooked and heated through, 1 to 2 minutes.
Remove pan from heat, and stir in lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper.

Submitter: 
Patty Cahill
Description: 
This is an easy delicious meal.  My kids LOVE this and keep requesting it.  I hope you enjoy.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
