URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64290833/turkey-meatballs-in-spicy-tomato-basil-sauce-with-fresh-mozzarella/
Title:
Turkey Meatballs in Spicy Tomato Basil Sauce with Fresh Mozzarella Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 pounds lean ground turkey
2 eggs
1/4 cup breadcrumbs
1 teaspoon dried oregano
2 tablespoons fresh basil, minced
1 teaspoon cumin
1 1/2 teaspoons dijon mustard*
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper (optional)
For the Sauce:
1 tablespoon olive oil
2 cloves garlic, chopped
1 (15oz) can plain tomato sauce
1/2 teaspoon red chile flakes (or to taste)
1 teaspoon sugar
salt to taste (my tomato sauce already includes a fair amount of salt, so I didn't need much, maybe 1/4 teaspoon; some tomato sauces have less so you may need to add more)
6 ounces fresh mozzarella, cubed
2 tablespoons fresh basil, chiffonade

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Line a large baking sheet with aluminum foil or parchment.
To a large bowl, add the ground turkey, eggs, breadcrumbs, oregano, basil, cumin, mustard, salt, garlic powder, pepper, and cayenne, if using. Mix together until combined. Shape mixture into 1-inch meatballs and place them on the prepared baking sheet. Bake for 15 minutes until cooked through and browned.
Meanwhile, make the sauce by heating the olive oil in a 12-inch cast iron skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and pepper flakes, stirring, one minute, or until fragrant but without browning the garlic. Add tomato sauce to the pan, followed by sugar and salt. Turn heat to medium-low and allow to simmer until the meatballs are finished baking.
When the meatballs are done, add them to the skillet with the sauce. Spoon the sauce over the meatballs to coat. Sprinkle the fresh mozzarella over top and allow to cook 5 more minutes or so until the cheese melts. Sprinkle the fresh basil over top and serve over pasta cooked al dente.

Submitter: 
Apron Appeal
Description: 
Kids love it, watch the spices.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
