URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64298954/asian-pork-ramen-soup-in-crockpot/
Title:
Asian Pork Ramen Soup in Crockpot Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Soup
3 pounds pork shoulder roast (or butt)
4-6 cups low sodium chicken broth, plus more of needed
1-2 c water
1/4-1/2 cup + 2-4 tablespoons tamari/low sodium soy sauce
1/4 cup + 2-4 tablespoons rice vinegar
2 tablespoons fish sauce (optional)
2 tablespoons thai red curry paste
1 tablespoon fresh ginger (chopped)
8-10 cloves garlic (chopped)
1-2 tsp siracha or sambal oelek (chili paste) (or to taste)
The juice of 1 lime
1 tablespoon Chinese five spice
1 teaspoon black pepper (optional)
2 tablespoons sesame oil
1 T brown sugar or more plus 1/4 cup
2 cups or more shitake/wild mushrooms, left whole - or button mushrooms, sliced
4 packs rice/Ramen noodles, seasoning packets discarded
4 soft boiled or fried eggs, cilantro, green onions, siracha, lime for serving
Curry Roasted Acorn Squash
2 small acorn squash, peeled, seeded, diced
2 tablespoons coconut oil, melted
1-2 tsp curry powder
1 tablespoon white miso paste
1-2 tsp brown sugar
tamari, to taste
Pepper, to taste

Directions:
Add the pork to the bowl of a crockpot with chicken broth, water, 1/4 cup tamari/soy sauce (depending on your taste), 1/4 cup rice vinegar, 2 T fish sauce, thai red curry paste, ginger, garlic siracha, juice of 1 lime, Chinese five spice powder, black pepper and 1 tablespoon brown sugar.
Cook on low for 8-10 hours [or on high for 4-6 hours]
About 40 minutes before you are ready to eat,
combine squash with spices and roast about 40 min at 400-425
add mushrooms later to roast, then add to broth OR add mushrooms to broth for last hour of crockpot cooking
Remove the pork from the crockpot and add the mushrooms. Cover the crockpot and heat up to high.
Shred the pork; remove fat
heat a large skillet over medium heat.
Add the sesame oil. Add pork to cover just the surface of your skillet, do not over crowd the skillet.
Sprinkle a little brown sugar over the pork, add 2 tablespoons soy sauce and 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, toss.
Allow the pork to caramelize, about 2 minutes. Stir and allow the pork to continue to caramelize, about 3-5 minutes total.
Remove the pork from the skillet, repeat with the remaining pork. Keep the pork warm.
cook noodles (Add the Ramen noodles to the crockpot and allow them to cook 5 minutes).
Once the noodles are cooked, stir in only half of the pork or keep separate.
Ladle the soup into bowls.
Top with extra caramelized pork, curry roasted acorn squash and an egg, cilantro, onion.

Submitter: 
seren
Description: 
delicious asian pork ramen in crockpot (restaurant quality)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
10 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
