URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64306963/chef-johns-classic-beef-stroganoff/
Title:
Chef John's Classic Beef Stroganoff Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
2 pounds beef chuck roast, cut into 1/2-inch thick strips
salt and pepper to taste
1 tablespoon butter
1/2 medium onion, sliced or diced
8 ounces sliced mushrooms
2 cloves garlic, minced(
1 1/2 tablespoons all-purpose flour (optional)
1/2 cup zinfandel
2 cups beef broth, divided
2 cups hot water
3 tsp Better Than Bouillon Beef extract
3/4 cup creme fraiche or sour cream
1 tablespoon fresh chopped chives
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Season beef generously with salt and pepper.
Heat oil in a large skillet over high heat until nearly smoking. Stir in beef; cook, stirring constantly, for 6-7 minutes, until liquid evaporates and meat browns. Remove meat from the pan and set aside.
Stir butter, mushrooms and onions into the pan; cook and stir over medium heat until the vegetables are lightly browned. Add garlic and stir for 30 seconds. Stir in flour; cook for 1-2 minutes until incorporated.
Stir in wine and 1 cup of stock, scraping the bottom of the pan to release any browned bits. Bring to a simmer, cook for 3-4 minutes, until the sauce thickens.
Return beef to the pan. Stir in remaining cup of stock; bring to a simmer and cook on low heat for about 1 hour with the lid on, until the beef is tender and the sauce is thick. Stir every 20 minutes.
Stir in creme fraiche. Stir in chives. Season with salt and pepper to taste.

Submitter: 
Kat
Description: 
This is a fairly lean version of beef stroganoff, as most recipes call for more cream. This is something you can easily adjust to your tastes. I like a little thicker version, with just enough sauce to coat the meat and noodles.Modified from: Chef John's Classic Beef Stroganoff
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
