URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64308214/eclairs/
Title:
Eclairs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Shells
1 cup butter
2 cup water
2 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 tsp salt
8 eggs
Filling
1 (5 ounce) package instant vanilla pudding
3 cups milk
1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese
4 tbsp. butter
1 cup powdered sugar
1 tsp vanilla
Topping
2 3/4 cups powdered sugar
6 tbsp cocoa powder
6 tbsp butter
5 tbsp milk
1 tsp vanilla extract

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.  Grease a cookie sheet.
2. In a medium saucepan, combine 1 cup butter and 2 cup water.  Bring to a boil, stirring until butter melts completely.  Reduce heat to low, and add flour and salt.  Stir vigorously until mixture leaves the sides of the pan and begins to form a stiff ball. Remove from heat. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well to incorporate completely after each addition. With a spoon or a pastry bag fitted spoon or pipe dough onto cookie sheet in 4 inch strips.
3.	Bake 10 minutes in preheated oven, then reduce heat to 325 degrees F and bake for 20 minutes more, until hollow sounding when lightly tapped on the bottom.  Cool completely on a wire rack.
4. For the filling, make pudding as directed on the package.  In a separate bowl, beat cream cheese with butter and vanilla until creamy.  Gradually add powdered sugar.  Fold into pudding.  Poke a hole in the shells and fill with pudding mixture.
5. For the icing, sift together the powdered sugar and cocoa, and set aside.  In a large bowl, cream butter until smooth, then gradually beat in sugar mixture alternating with milk.  Blend in vanilla.  Beat until light and fluffy.  Spread frosting on top of éclair shells.

Submitter: 
Benjamin Wouden
Description: 
This is one of the best Éclair recipes I have ever made.  The cream cheese in the filling makes the perfect taste to these éclairs.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
