URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64302251/mango-roll/
Title:
Mango Roll Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1959404.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup all purpose flour
1 cup sugar
1 tsp. baking powder
3 eggs, separated
1/3 cup mango ale
1 1/2 cups powdered sugar, plus more for dusting towel
1 8-oz. pkg cream cheese
2 T mango ale
2 T eggnog or cream
1 3-oz. pkg. dried mangos, thinly sliced

Directions:
Heat oven to 350.  Spray a jelly roll pan (12 x 16"), lay parchment paper on top, then spray that, too!
In medium bowl, combine flour, sugar and baking powder.
Place egg yolks on dry ingredients while beating egg whites (in glass or metal bowl) until they hold a gentle peak; set aside.
Add mango ale to the egg yolks and dry ingredients, stir until just combined.
Gently fold in beaten egg whites.
Spread over lined baking pan, Bake 11 minutes, until edges just begin to brown.
While cake is baking, liberally sprinkle powdered sugar over a clean dish towel.
Once cake is done, loosen edges, then flip cake onto powder sugared towel.  Roll up jelly roll fashion, starting at short end.  (You will be rolling the cake in the towel.) Have the edge of cake end at the bottom of the roll. Let cake cool about 1 hour.
Mix cream cheese, mango ale and eggnog until smooth.  Add powdered sugar, stir until smooth.
To assemble, very gently unroll cake(when the cake sticks to the towel, gently pry it loose!  Place dallops of frosting over cake, spread to all edges.  You can trim off the crisp edges, if desired.  Sprinkle dried mango slices over frosting.  Starting at short end (the same one you originally rolled), roll jelly roll up.  Once again, gently pry the cake from the towel.  If cake cracks, keep on rolling.
Lift cake onto serving platter, supporting weight with 2 pancake flippers.
To slice cake, wrap a piece of dental floss around cake, and pull evenly on both ends.

Submitter: 
sueb
Description: 
Mango ale flavors the cake and the frosting, dried mangos add color and more taste.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 1/2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
11
Nutritional Facts:
NA
