URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64309166/sake-ginger-stir-fry/
Title:
Sake Ginger Stir Fry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup sake, divided
1/4 cup + 2 tablespoons low sodium soy sauce, divided
2 tablespoons fresh ginger, grated
2 cloves garlic, minced or grated
2 teaspoons sambal oelek (chili paste)
2 tablespoons sesame oil, plus more for cooking
1 1/2 pounds salmon, cut into bit size pieces
6 green onions, chopped
1/4 cup rice wine
2 bunches broccolini, stalks halved lengthwise (or broccoli florets)
1 1/2 cups frozen edamame
1 (3 ounce) box soba noodles (or 1 box of brown rice noodles)
2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds
1/4 cup roasted cashews

Directions:
In a medium bowl, combine 1/4 cup of the sake, 1/4 cup of the soy sauce, the ginger, garlic sambal oelek and sesame oil. Whisk until combined, now add the salmon and gently toss. Allow the salmon to sit in the marinade for 10-30 minutes.
Meanwhile cook the soba noodle according to package directions, draining and then rinsing with cold water to stop the cooking.
Heat about a tablespoon of sesame oil in a wok or high sided skillet over high heat. Drain half the salmon from the marinade and cook, turning for 2-3 minutes until just cooked and lightly caramelized. Be careful when turing the salmon as it is delicate. Remove and repeat with the remaining salmon. Cover the salmon loosely with foil and let rest 5 minutes.
Add another tablespoon of oil to the wok. Add the green onions and stir fry for 2 minutes . Add the rice wine, broccolini (if adding broccoli, cook until almost done - 2 minutes in the microwave in the bag - and then add to stir fry), edamame and the reserve marinade. Cook, stirring, for 3-5 minutes until liquid has reduced slightly. Add the remaining 1/4 cup of sake and remaining 2 tablespoons of soy sauce. Toss the soba noodles, along with the salmon and all of the juices from the salmon, into the wok. Toss well, cook another 3-4 minutes or until warmed throughout and the sauce has thickened. Serve with sesame seeds and cashews.

Submitter: 
HDN
Description: 
From the website www.halfbakedharvest.com Sake and Ginger Soba Noodle Salmon Stir Fry.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
45 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
