URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64304945/lemon-hazelnut-torte/
Title:
Lemon Hazelnut Torte Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Cake:
12 eggs, separated
1 1/2 cups sugar, divided
1/2 cup flour
2 cups finely ground hazelnuts or filberts
Lemon Curd:
6 eggs, lightly beaten
2 cups sugar
1 tbsp finely grated lemon zest
1 cup lemon juice
3/4 cup butter
Filling and Frosting:
4 cups whipping cream (1 litre)
4 tbsps icing sugar
4 tsps vanilla
2 envelopes of Dr. Oetker WhipIt
12 or 16 whole hazelnuts

Directions:
Cakes:
In a large bowl beat the egg whites until soft peaks form, gradually add 1/2 cup sugar and beat until stiff and glossy peaks form.
In a separate bowl beat the egg yolks with the remaining 1 cup sugar for 3-5 minutes until thick and light yellow in colour. A stand mixer works great for both of these steps if you have one.
Gently fold the flour and ground hazelnuts into the egg whites.
Gently fold the egg yolk mixture into the egg white mixture.
Line 2 9" Springform pans with parchment paper circles.
Divide the batter evenly between the pans, smooth the batter.
Bake in a preheated 325 degree oven for 40-45 minutes.
Place pans on a rack to cool for 10 minutes, then remove them from the pans to finish cooling.
Lemon Curd:
In a saucepan combine all the curd ingredients, cook over low heat whisking constantly until thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, approximately 15-20 minutes.
Remove from heat and let cool in the fridge covered.
Filling and Frosting:
Whip the cream with the icing sugar, vanilla and WhipIt until soft peaks form. Place in the fridge until ready to use.
Assembly:
Set aside 1/2 of the whipped cream for the frosting and 2/3 cup of the lemon curd for the topping.
Cut each cake layer into 3 or 4 layers with a long serrated knife.
Place 1 layer on serving plate, spread with lemon curd, top with another cake layer, spread with whipped cream, repeat with remaining cake layers alternating between lemon curd and whipping cream.
Frost the cake with the reserved whipped cream, save some whipped cream for 12 or 16 dollops for the top.
Spread reserved lemon curd on the top of the cake.
Decorate the top of the cake with the whipped cream dollops and place a whole hazelnut in each one.
Chill until ready to serve.

Submitter: 
the4taals
Description: 
My grandmother only made this cake for special occasions, if you saw this cake on the table you knew it was a big day!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 d
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
