URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64301711/roasted-red-pepper-and-tomato-soup/
Title:
Roasted Red Pepper and Tomato Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 teaspoon olive oil
1 onion, chopped
2 cloves garlic, minced
4 red bell peppers
4 large tomatoes - peeled, seeded and chopped
1 1/2 teaspoons dried thyme
2 teaspoons paprika
1/8 teaspoon white sugar
6 cups veggie stock
salt and pepper to taste
1 pinch ground cayenne pepper
2 tablespoons butter
1 1/2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
6 tablespoons sour cream

Directions:
Roast peppers: rub oil on peppers and put them under the broiler until blackened, turn to get all sides. Put into paper bag and seal. Let rest for 15 minutes, then peel will come right off and core and seeds will fall out. Chop peppers. Reserve one chopped pepper; set aside.
Heat olive oil over moderate heat. Add onion and garlic and cook until soft and brown, about 10 minutes. Stir in tomato, bell peppers (except reserved), thyme, paprika, and sugar. Cook over medium-low heat until all the tomato juices have evaporated, about 25 minutes.
Stir in veggie stock, salt and pepper, cayenne pepper.
Bring to boiling, lower heat, and simmer, partially covered, for 25 minutes or until vegetables are tender.
Strain soup, reserving broth. Place solids in food processor or blender, and process until fairly smooth.  Add puree back into broth.
Melt butter and stir in the flour, cook for 1 minute. Stirring slowly, add the broth/vegetable mixture. Add reserved chopped pepper and bring to boiling. Lower heat and simmer 10 minutes.
Ladle into bowls and add 1 tablespoon of sour cream to each bowl. For a lighter soup, this is also delicious without the sour cream.

Submitter: 
woolandwoodlady
Description: 
Roasted peppers, tomatoes, sauteed aromatics and seasonings are cooked in chicken broth,  strained, pureed, and thickened with a roux to create this creamy soup.Modified from: Roasted Red Pepper and Tomato Soup
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
