URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64313210/simple-to-decorate-hamburger-cake/
Title:
Simple to Decorate Hamburger Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1990479.jpg
Ingredients:
1 yellow cake mix, two round cake pans, two tubs chocolate fudge icing, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds(find in spice isle). From craft store or cake decorating store: 1 tub white fondant (not Wilton brand) dark green and red decorators food coloring. Large cake plate to display the finished cake (I used a small pizza pan from the 99 cent store.) 1 tablespoon cocoa powder to color french fries. A french fry cutter makes the fries look all the more real but you can shape them in sticks. You will find you will love your french fry cutter for many other vegetables. Most kitchen specialty stores carry them. Parchment paper, if you have this on hand you will find more uses for it. 2 Tablespoons corn syrup.

Directions:
1.Make cake mix following box directions. Pour into round pans unequally with 1/2 cup more in what will be the top of the bun. Bake until golden brown. 2.Toast the sesame seeds in a non stick pan until golden brown. Spread about 1/4 cup of icing on display plate off center (if you are omitting the fries,you can spread icing in the middle for hamburger to be centered.) This will help anchor the cake.3. After the cakes have cooled 15 minutes, gently loosen and remove the smaller bottom "bun," and place on the icing. Using remainder of icing spread on top of bottom bun with thickest amount around the edges to be the burger. 4.Remove other cake as bun top and place gently on icing. While cake is warm sprinkle and pat sesame seeds on bun top. 5.For the fondant parts(just like working with clay.) Use a walnut sized ball of fondant for catchup, make a dent in center of ball and add red food coloring roll and stretch to mix coloring. This will stain your hands unless you use gloves. It proves you really did make this cool hamburger. After color is mixed make small circles as catchup blobs. Set aside on parchment paper. Softened enough fondant to cover the palm of your hand for the fries. Mix in cocoa powder for fry color. Form three stick shapes and trim with the french fry cutter to make realistic fries.6. Arrange them beside the hamburger to look haphazard. For lettuce, roll a ball of fondant about the size of a large walnut. Form a dent in the ball and put green coloring in the center.  Roll and stretch the ball to mix the color. Flatten and pinch into a long rectangular shape. Let the "lettuce" harden on parchment. Brush corn syrup lightly on dried edges of lettuce. Place catchup shapes around fries and brush lightly with corn syrup. Place lettuce between cake and icing.

Submitter: 
beth toz
Description: 
This will be a favorite with your family. Fun for picnics, birthdays and sport events.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
