URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64316586/crispy-deep-fried-jalapeno-poppers/
Title:
Crispy Deep Fried Jalapeño Poppers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2002821.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound jalapeños
1 pound (16 ounces) cream cheese
2 tablespoons fresh juice from 2 limes
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1/2 teaspoon onion powder
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin
Kosher salt
2 cups whole milk
2 cups all-purpose flour
2 cups fine breadcrumbs
1 to 2 quarts vegetable or canola oil, for frying

Directions:
Wearing gloves if you have them, trim off and discard the top and bottom of each jalapeño. Cut each jalapeño crosswise into 1-inch rings. Remove seeds and white inner ribs from each ring (a small melon-baller works well for this).
In a medium mixing bowl, stir cream cheese with lime juice, garlic powder, onion powder, and cumin until thoroughly blended. Season with salt. Using a butter knife, pack cream cheese into each jalapeño ring, filling it completely and smoothing the surface.
Fill 1 bowl with milk, 1 bowl with flour, and 1 bowl with breadcrumbs. Working 1 popper at a time, dip in milk, then transfer to flour.
Coat popper in flour all over. Transfer to a parchment-lined baking sheet and repeat with remaining poppers. Let floured poppers stand for 5 minutes.
Working 1 popper at a time, return floured popper to milk, turning to coat. Transfer to breadcrumbs.
Pack popper in breadcrumbs, turning to coat, until an even coating has formed. Repeat with remaining poppers.
Heat 2 inches of oil to 350°F. Add poppers and fry, gently turning and stirring, until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a paper towel-lined baking sheet and season with salt. Let stand 5 minutes before serving

Submitter: 
Mark Kowitz
Description: 
These poppers have a crisp golden crust and soft melted cheese interior—all in the perfect bite-size package.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
