URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64316709/roasted-pork-tenderloin-recipe-with-apples/
Title:
Roasted Pork Tenderloin Recipe with Apples Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 (1­ to 1­1/2­pound) pork tenderloins
2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more as needed
1 1/2 teaspoons salt, plus more as needed
1 tablespoon Dijon mustard
1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
2 apples, cored and sliced (We use Granny Smith, Golden Delicious or Braeburn)
2 onions, sliced
1 cup chicken stock
1 tablespoon butter

Directions:
Heat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Trim each tenderloin of any silver skin (this can be tough when cooked, just use a small sharp knife and slide the blade under and outward to remove it). Pat pork dry with paper towels.
Then, using your hands, rub the tenderloins all over with 1 tablespoon of the oil, sprinkle with 1 1/2 teaspoons of salt, and rub until both tenderloins are evenly coated.Heat a tablespoon of oil in a large cast iron skillet or heavy­bottomed oven­safe frying pan over
medium heat. You will know when the pan is ready when the oil shimmers.1/28/2015 Roasted Pork Tenderloin Recipe with Apples
2/3
Add the pork tenderloins and cook, turning occasionally, until evenly browned all over. This should
take about 12 minutes.Transfer the browned pork to a large plate or cutting board.
Check the pan, if it looks dry add 2 to 3 teaspoons of additional oil. (If there is fat left in the pan from
cooking the pork, there is no need to add additional oil). Now, add apples and onions then cook,
stirring occasionally, until lightly browned around edges, about 5 minutes

Submitter: 
N8TE
Description: 
The trick to flavorful and moist pork tenderloins is to sear the pork
before roasting. In our recipe, the pork is seared and then is roasted
on top a bed of apples and onions. Most often, you will find that pork
tenderloins are sold in packages with two tenderloins. One tenderloin
should generously serve 2 people and most likely serve 3. One note,
pork tenderloins and pork loin are two different cuts of meat. Pork
tenderloins are much thinner and take less time to cook
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
