URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64315731/easy-homemade-spong-candy/
Title:
EASY HOMEMADE SPONG CANDY Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Vegetable oil for greasing pan
2 1/2 cups granulated sugar
2/3 cup light corn syrup
6 tablespoons water
2 tablespoons baking soda
2 teaspoons vanilla

Directions:
Please note: Although this is easy to make, it’s imperative to have your pan ready before starting and to use an accurate candy thermometer.
1. Liberally grease a 9 X 13 cake pan with vegetable oil. Trace the bottom of the pan on a piece of parchment paper. Line the bottom of the pan with the parchment paper. Line the sides of the pan with parchment paper so that the parchment paper creates a collar that sits 1 to 2-inches above the pan. Liberally grease the parchment paper.
2. In a deep medium saucepan add sugar, corn syrup, water, and vanilla. Over medium-high heat bring the mixture to a boil (without stirring) and cook until hard crack stage, i.e. until temperature reads 300 degrees F. on a candy thermometer. This should take about 10 minutes. If sugar crystals form on the sides of the pan during the cooking process, brush the sides of the pan with a clean pastry brush dipped in water.
3.  Remove from heat. Working quickly, add the baking soda and quickly blend to incorporate the soda into the sugar mixture, about 5 seconds. The mixture will bubble up when you add the baking soda. Be very careful not to touch the hot mixture.
4.  Immediately pour the hot toffee into the prepared pan.
5.  Let cool and set completely before touching.
Cut into pieces. As you can see, it makes a huge mess. But the messy little crumbs can be saved for your ice cream!
If you want, cover with chocolate. See Notes for directions.

Submitter: 
gk111258
Description: 
Me and my sweet tooth! This time I’m offering up a killer sponge candy recipe. If you want to get really decadent, dip the sponge candy in chocolate.
BTW, in Canada we call it sponge toffee; in England it’s called cinder toffee; in Australia they call it honeycomb and in California it’s called sea foam. No matter what you call it, it’s yummy!

P
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 hr.
Ready in:
3 hrs.
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
