URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64311987/jans-simple-and-tasty-egg-rolls-gluten-and-seafood-free-baked/
Title:
Jan's Simple and Tasty Egg Rolls, gluten and seafood free, baked Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/1987932.jpg
Ingredients:
32 ounces coleslaw mix
1 Tbsp chopped green onion
8 ounces shredded cooked chicken
2 tablespoons chopped garlic
2 teaspoons ground black pepper
2 teaspoons Diamond Crystal® Fine Sea Salt
1 tablespoon Tamari Soy sauce
2 tsp chopped fresh ginger
1 tablespoon chopped green onion
1 (16 ounce) package large rice paper wrappers
Tamari sauce for dipping (optional)
Chinese hot prepared mustard for dipping (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 220°C.
Place coleslaw mix and onion in a large, microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on High until mix is wilted, 5 minutes. Let cool.
Stir in the shrimp, garlic, ginger, pepper, Diamond Crystal® Fine Sea Salt and tamari sauce into the coleslaw. Mix until well blended.
Dip one wrapper in a large, shallow dish filled with warm water. Place one wrapper in the water for about 20 seconds or until it softens.Place one wrapper on a flat surface.
Place about 3 Tbsp vegetable mixture in the center of the wrapper. Bring the sides inwards and then fold up the bottom towards the centre. Pack filling inside well and fold up the remaining part rolling into an egg roll.
The wrapper will close itself sticking to itself easily.
Place the wrapped egg rolls onto a parchment lined baking sheet and bake for about 10-13 minutes.
Serve with soy sauce and hot mustard for dipping, if desired.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Adaptation from Jan's Simple and Tasty Egg Rolls. Still tasty and simple, just gluten and seafood free as well as baked instead of fried. Healthy and delicious, why get take out indeed!Modified from: Jan's Simple and Tasty Egg Rolls
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
