URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64318187/three-meat-cannelloni-bake/
Title:
Three Meat Cannelloni Bake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup minced onion
2 tablespoons olive oil
2 cloves garlic, minced
12 ounces ground veal
12 ounces ground pork
12 ounces lean ground beef
1/2 cup white wine
1 cup beef broth
2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary
1 teaspoon Italian seasoning
1 bay leaf
salt to taste
ground black pepper to taste
2 egg yolks
2 tablespoons melted butter
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 cup milk
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg
3/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1/4 cup chopped parsley
4 cups tomato sauce
1 pound cooked pasta

Directions:
Heat the olive oil in a deep skillet.  Add onion, celery, and carrot, and cook over moderate heat until softened. Add the garlic, and cook 1 minute.  Add veal, pork, and beef.  Cook, stirring occasionally, until meat is no longer pink.  Add wine, and reduce for 1 minute.  Stir in broth.  Add herbs, bay leaf, and salt and pepper.  Bring the mixture to a boil.  Reduce heat, cover, and simmer for 15 minutes.  Uncover, and reduce until almost dry.  Discard bay leaf.  Set aside to cool.  Once cool add eggs.  Meanwhile, combine margarine and flour; add to meat.  Whisk in milk, grated nutmeg, and salt and pepper.  Simmer, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes or until thickened.  Stir in parsley and 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese.  Add in tomato sauce.
a minute or two with fresh pasta. Spread a little bit of sauce in bottom on pan, add noodles, then
ladle the tomato sauce over the cannelloni, and sprinkle with the remaining Parmesan cheese.
Bake at 400 degrees F (205 degrees C) for 10 minutes, or until bubbling.  Run under the broiler about 4 inches from the heat for 2 minutes, or until golden.

Submitter: 
Dawnby
Description: 
An savory mix of veal, pork and beef, cooked with onion, celery, carrots, garlic, wine and herbs, is  enriched with an opulent Parmesan cheese sauce. Roll the mix with strips of fresh pasta to make stuffed tubes, then bake with a creamy tomato sauce.Modified from: Three Meat Cannelloni Bake
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
1 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
