URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64316428/incredible-cheese-bombs/
Title:
Incredible Cheese Bombs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2002142.jpg
Ingredients:
8 ounces medium cheddar cheese, cut into 1-inch cubes
1 can refrigerator biscuits, 5 or 8 per package (Try to find Immaculate brand biscuits)
4 Tablespoons butter
½ cup shredded Parmesan cheese, chopped fine in a food processor or mini-chopper
1 teaspoon dried parsley flakes
2 cloves garlic, finely minced or grated in a microplane grater
•Optional, Sriracha and mayonnaise for Sriracha-mayo, hot sauce, salsa, ranch dressing or any dipping sauce of your choosing
•Cook's note: Buy shredded Parmesan and chop it rather than use grated Parmesan. The grated cheese tastes too powdery. It's an extra step that is well worth the few extra seconds.

Directions:
Depending on the type of biscuits you bought will determine the total number of cheese bombs you come up with. Pillsbury comes in packages of 5 biscuits, Immaculate comes in packages of 8 (So, you will have 10 or 16 bombs)
Preheat oven to 375F degrees. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Cut each biscuit in half and slightly flatten with your fingers (don't worry about them being round). Place a cheese cube in the middle and wrap the biscuit dough around the cube like a blanket, ensuring the edges are sealed. Roll the cheese wrapped dough with your hands to make a ball shape. Complete this step with all the dough and cheese before going on to the next step.
In a small bowl, melt the butter in the microwave, approximately 20 seconds. Set aside.
In another small bowl, combine the Parmesan, dried parsley flakes and minced garlic. Stir to combine.
One by one, roll each cheese bomb in butter and then roll or dip in the cheese mixture (If you dip, the Parmesan mixture will appear just on top of the bombs).
Place each cheese bomb on the baking sheet approximately 2 inches apart.
Bake on the center rack for 12-14 minutes or until bombs are golden. Depending on your oven, you might want to turn them half-way through the baking process to ensure even browning.
Remove from oven and serve immediately. Alternately, once cooled they may be reheated in the microwave for about 20 seconds.
To make optional Sriracha-mayonnaise; in a small bowl, mix Sriracha with mayonnaise until flavor and heat is to your liking.
Store any leftovers in airtight containers and refrigerate. These keep well in the refrigerator for up to a week.

Submitter: 
Christina Salinas
Description: 
Incredible Cheese Bombs
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
