URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64316426/chicken-cordon-bleu-pasta-bake/
Title:
Chicken Cordon Bleu Pasta Bake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2002123.jpg
Ingredients:
4 cups rotini pasta (measure uncooked)
2 tablespoons butter
2 tablespoons all purpose flour
2 1/2 cups whole milk
1 teaspoon Better Than Bullion Chicken Base
1 teaspoon Dijon mustard (add up to 1 teaspoon more if you want the mustard flavor stronger)
1 1/2 teaspoons Worchestershire
1/2 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup cooked cubed chicken (I used a rotisserie from the deli)
3/4 cup cooked cubed ham
4-5 slice swiss cheese
1 cup breadcrumbs*

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Prepare a 1 1/2 quart baking dish by spraying with nonstick spray. Set aside.
Boil water for pasta in a large pot, and cook pasta according to directions. While you are waiting for the pasta to cook, you can start on the sauce.
In a medium pan, melt butter over medium high heat.
Whisk in flour and cook for a few minutes. The flour will be bubbly.
Gradually whisk in the milk, and whisk frequently until it comes to a gentle boil.
Whisk in chicken base, dijon mustard, Worchestershire, and salt.
Whisk for a few more minutes until the sauce starts to thicken slightly.
When the pasta is cooked, drain the water and return to the pan. Stir in the sauce, chicken, and ham and mix to combine.
Pour half of the pasta mixture into your prepared baking dish. Place slices of swiss cheese evenly over the pasta. Pour the rest of the past over the cheese and spread evenly.
Sprinkle breadcrumbs over the top of the pasta.
Bake for 20-25 minutes. The top will be golden brown and the edges bubbly.
Allow to set for a few minutes before serving.
* To make your own breadcrumbs, place a crusty dinner roll or large slice of french bread torn into pieces in a blender or food processor, and pulse. I like to keep a few dinner rolls in the freezer so I can take out one at a time if a recipe calls for breadcrumbs. I added 1 teaspoon of dried parsley to mine.

Submitter: 
Christina Salinas
Description: 
Chicken Cordon Bleu Pasta Bake
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
60 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
