URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64313787/mamas-asian-chicken-and-rice/
Title:
Mama's Asian Chicken and Rice Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup warm water
1/4 cup packed brown sugar
4 tablespoons orange juice
4 tablespoons soy sauce
4 tablespoons ketchup
2 tablespoon white vinegar
4 cloves garlic, minced
1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes
1/4 teaspoon Chinese five-spice powder
1 teaspoon grated orange peel
2 tablespoons olive oil
2 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, cubed
broccoli, snow peas, peppers etc.
2 cups water
1 cup uncooked white rice
2 teaspoons cornstarch
2 tablespoons cold water
chopped green onions for garnish

Directions:
In a bowl, stir together warm water, brown sugar, orange juice, soy sauce, ketchup, white vinegar, garlic, red pepper flakes, five-spice powder, and orange peel until the sugar has dissolved and the mixture is well combined.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet or wok over medium heat, and cook vegetables.  Remove to a bowl add a little more oil to pan and stir the chicken until the outside is golden brown and the inside is no longer pink, 7 to 10 minutes, then add the veggies. Pour the sauce mixture over the chicken, bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium-low, and cover the skillet. Simmer for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.
While the chicken and sauce are simmering, bring the rice and water to a boil in a saucepan over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the rice is tender, and the liquid has been absorbed, 20 to 25 minutes. Set the rice aside and keep warm.
Whisk the cornstarch and 2 tablespoons of cold water in a small bowl until smooth, and stir into the chicken and sauce, a few teaspoons at a time. Let the chicken and sauce cook for about 2 minutes to thicken, then serve over hot cooked rice, sprinkled with green onion.

Submitter: 
Jean
Description: 
Chunks of boneless chicken breast simmer with an Asian-inspired sweet, tangy orange sauce, and are served over hot cooked rice with a sprinkling of green onions.Modified from: Mama's Asian Chicken and Rice
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
