URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64325638/hearty-italian-farfalle-soup/
Title:
Hearty Italian Farfalle Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2032467.jpg
Ingredients:
Farfalle pasta  ~ 24 Oz
2 lbs ground chuck
2 tbsp olive oil
1 LG yellow onion
5-6 cloves minced garlic
48 Oz low sodium chicken broth
3 cups petite diced tomatoes
4 cups stewed tomatoes
6 tbsp tomatoe paste
2 tsp sugar
1 tsp dried basil
3/4 tsp dried oregano
1 tsp Tone's rosemary garlic seasoning
1/2 tsp dried type
2 bay leaves
Sea salt & pepper to taste
48 Oz ricotta cheese
2 cups mozzarella cheese
1/2 cup grated parmesan & romano cheese

Directions:
Saute onion and garlic in olive oil over medium low heat, season with salt as desired. When onion and garlic are soft, crumble in ground chuck and brown over medium heat, season with salt and pepper to taste.  Once browned, quick drain beef leaving a bit of grease behind for seasoning. Return beef, onion and garlic back to pot. Add chicken broth, diced & stewed tomatoes. Add in tomatoe paste and stir until blended. Add sugar, seasonings and bay leaves, cover and simmer for 3 to 4 hours on low heat. Meat will become tender and seasonings incorporate better when simmered over several hours. Skim off fat (don't worry if most of the dried herbs come with it because the taste is already there and it will be just fine).
Cook Farfalle pasta as directed, but keep on the al dente side so that the pasta doesn't get too soggy when reheated for leftovers! Reserve 2 cups cooked pasta liquid then drain. Add the 2 cups liquid and drained pasta to the soup, stir and simmer 5 minutes or so to combine flavors.
Combine ricotta, mozzarella and grated parmesan & romano cheese. Heat in microwave until cheese starts to melt slightly.
Ladle soup in bowl and garnish with a spoonful or so of cheese. Serve with crusty garlic bread and enjoy.

Submitter: 
Michelle Horne
Description: 
A hearty Italian style soup loaded with flavor. Perfect for cold nights. And great to pressure can for a quick meal later.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
