URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64324842/hearty-chipotle-bison-chili/
Title:
Hearty Chipotle Bison Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2029804.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tbsp.oil (I prefer olive oil)
1 lb. ground beef
1 lb. ground bison
1/2 large onion, chopped (about 2 cups)
2 garlic cloves, minced
1 bell pepper, chopped
3 tbs. chili powder
2 tbsp. chipotle chili powder
1 tbsp. cumin
1 28oz. can crushed tomatoes
1 8oz. can tomato sauce
1 10oz. can mild Rotel tomatoes
2 tbsp. worcestershire sauce
1 8oz. can corn kernels
1 15oz. can kidney or pinto beans, drained (optional)
1 tsp. salt, plus more to taste
1 tsp. sugar
2 tbsp. masa harina (corn flour)
Fritos (optional)
Cheddar Cheese

Directions:
1.) Heat 1 tbsp. of oil in a large saucepan over nedium-high heat.  Add meat and cook until browned. Drain the meat (leave some of the juices in the pot for extra flavor if you like) and set it aside.
2.) In the same pot, add the other tbsp. of oil. Sautée the onion, garlic and bell pepper until the onion begins to become translucent, about 3 minutes.
3.) Return the meat to the pot and stir.  Add the chili powders and cumin. Stir again.  Then, add the crushed tomatoes, tomato sauce, Rotel, corn, beans (if using), 1 tsp. salt, and sugar.  Give it a good stir. Reduce heat to low and simmer for at least 25 minutes.
4.)  In a small bowl, mix the masa harina and warm water until well blended.  Pour it into the chili.  Continue simmering for at least 10 minutes.  This will thicken the chili and give it a nice corn flavor.  Add salt to taste.
5.) Serve topped with Fritos and cheddar.

Submitter: 
Megan Mason
Description: 
This recipe is based on the one my mom used when I was growing up. It's perfect for cold winter nights, or just when you want a little comfort food!  It's great with any type of ground meat.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
