URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64324558/italian-tuna-burgers/
Title:
Italian Tuna Burgers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 medium tomato(es), plum, halved lengthwise
salt, to taste
peppercorns, black, freshly ground, to taste
1/2 cup(s) beans, garbanzo (chickpeas) no-salt-added, drained and rinsed (or cannellini)
6 ounce(s) fish, tuna, light, packed in water (2 cans), very well drained
1/8 cup(s) bread crumbs, whole-wheat, Italian-flavored (1 ounce)
1/2 medium lemon, zested (use 2 teaspoons) plus juiced (use 1 teaspoon)
1 large egg white(s)
2 teaspoon oil, olive, extra-virgin
1/8 cup(s) cheese, mozzarella, part-skim, shredded, (1 ounce)
2 large bread, peasant, whole wheat, (1.75 ounces each)
2 teaspoon mayonnaise
1/2 cup(s) lettuce, arugula, baby

Directions:
Line a toaster-oven tray with foil. Scrape the seeds from the tomato halves. Sprinkle the tomatoes lightly with salt and pepper. Place on the toaster-oven tray and roast at 350° or 400°F (use the higher temperature if the toaster oven is large) just to soften while you make the tuna burgers. Meanwhile, in a large bowl, mash the chickpeas with a potato masher or fork. Add the tuna, bread crumbs, lemon zest, lemon juice, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Blend well with a fork. Add the egg whites and blend again. Form into 2 patties.
In a large nonstick skillet, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the patties and cook for 5 minutes. Using a spatula, very carefully turn the burgers over and cook on the other side until browned, about 4 minutes longer. Sprinkle each burger with 1 tablespoon mozzarella, cover the pan, and cook for 1 minute longer to melt the cheese.
While the burgers are cooking, toast the bread slices.
Cut the toasted bread slices in half. Spread each of 4 halves with 1 teaspoon mayonnaise. Top each with 1/4 cup arugula, a burger, a tomato half, and the remaining bread.

Submitter: 
J Scholfield
Description: 
Phase 2
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
25 min
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
