URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64329278/fluffy-banana-cookies/
Title:
Fluffy Banana Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature
4 tablespoons vegetable shortening
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1/2 cup packed light brown sugar
2 large eggs, at room temperature
1/2 cup buttermilk, at room temperature
2 tablespoons milk, at room temperature
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon white vinegar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 tablespoons banana fruit compound

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 F.  Line two baking sheets with parchment paper.
In a medium bowl, whisk the flour, baking powder and salt together.  In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter, shortening and both sugars on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 3-4 minutes.  Add the eggs and buttermilk and beat until combined (your batter may look curdled – mine definitely did, but it came together when I added the flour).
Combine the milk, baking soda, and vinegar in a small measuring cup.  With the mixer on low add half of the flour mixture, followed by the milk mixture and then the rest of the flour mixture.  Beat just until everything is combined.  Add the vanilla extract and banana compound, and beat for another minute, until everything is completely combined.
Using an ice cream scoop, drop the dough onto the prepared baking sheets, leaving about 2 inches of space between cookies.  Bake the cookies, one sheet at a time, for 12-14 minutes, or until they are set and just beginning to brown.  Let the cookies cool on the baking sheets for a few minutes before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely.

Submitter: 
Cori
Description: 
These are my first attempt at banana cookies for banana cream whoopie pies.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
