URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64321711/coffee-jelly-roll-cake/
Title:
Coffee Jelly Roll Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2020400.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups all purpose flour
2 tsp. baking powder
3 T instant coffee granules, crushed
1/2 tsp. ground cinnamon
1 cup sugar
4 medium eggs, divided
1/3 cup soy milk
powdered sugar for rolling cake, about 1/2 cup
1 8-oz. container frozen whipped topping, thawed

Directions:
Heat oven to 350.  Spray 12" x 18" jelly roll pan, line with parchment paper, spray again.
In medium bowl, combine flour, baking powder, coffee granules, cinnamon and sugar.
In small bowl, combine egg yolks and soy milk.
In metal or glass bowl, beat egg whites until soft peaks form.
Add egg yolk mixture to dry ingredients (will be dry and crumbly), fold in beaten egg whites.  When combined, spread in sprayed pan.
Bake for 9-11 minutes, until when touched in center, cake springs back. (This may or may not be golden around edges!)
While cake is baking, sprinkle powdered sugar over area where cake will be on a dish towel.
Immediately loosen sides of baked cake, flip onto prepared dish towel.  Peel off parchment paper.
Roll cake tightly in jelly roll fashion starting at short side, keeping towel as part of the rolling process.
When cake is cool, after an hour or so, unwrap cake, leaving on towel.  Spread with whipped topping.  Gently re-roll cake, removing towel as it is being re-rolled.  If cake breaks during the process, the outside of the roll can be frosted with additional whipped topping to hide the cracks!
Slice into 3/4" - 1" pieces using serrated knife. If not eaten in a short time after whipped topping is added, store covered, in freezer.

Submitter: 
sueb
Description: 
Jelly roll made with coffee sponge cake.  Filling may be changed to suit your preferences!  Original cake developed in honor of a coffee lover's birthday!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 1/2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
