URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64327538/quick-n-easy-cheap-tomato-sauce-with-bacon/
Title:
Quick 'n Easy Cheap Tomato Sauce with Bacon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1-28oz can of whole tomatoes,in juice (save it)
3-4 regular average size onions,cut into chunks,not too big.
1/2 pound of bacon cut,with each slice cut into 3-4 chunks per slice...not too small.
1 tsp salt
1/2-3/4 tsp black pepper
3-4 TB white sugar
One pound of thin spaghetti
Grated Parmesan Cheese for serving on top

Directions:
In a large and deep skillet,over medium heat,add the bacon and onions.Fry it out together,stirring and not burning it,for maybe 10-15 min until onions start to soften and bacon cooks(it will NOT be crispy).Can drain fat,but if bacon is lean,there is really little fat.
Add and stir in the can of tomatoes.
Fill the tomato can 1/2  full or so,of water and add it to the pan.Stir it in.
Add and stir in salt,pepper and sugar.
With the back of a spoon,break up the tomatoes a bit-but not so as diced.
Let all simmer uncovered,stirring occasionally,until the water has cooked down and sauce is to desired consistancy.About 30-45 min,or alittle more if desired.You can't overcook this.
Be sure to add enough water to make a little juice,so it isn't too thick.

Submitter: 
Barbara Hale
Description: 
This is a family favorite that our (excellent cook) Mom used to make.Our minister,who had become a great family friend,used to beg and pray for this sauce,whenever he and his wife were coming over for dinner!! We always called it Cheap Spaghetti!! Why,I never knew! 
   It's a unique and delicious sauce tho,complimented
by the right ratio of sugar and black pepper.
   A side salad and crusty Italian bread adds in nicely,to top it all off.   
   I doubt it will disappoint!!  And people will want the recipe too! 
   I hope you enjoy it as our family does!It's been with us for over 50 years!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
45 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
