URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64334650/poached-chicken-with-creamy-tarragon-sauce/
Title:
Poached Chicken with Creamy Tarragon Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2062038.jpg
Ingredients:
3 1/2 lbs chicken parts or 6 boneless, skinless half breasts (about 2 lbs)
1 carrot, sliced
1 onion, quartered
Bouquet Garni
1 tbsp plus 2 tsp chopped fresh tarragon
2 quarts chicken stock
1/2 tsp salt
1/8 tsp freshly ground pepper
2 1/2 tbsp butter
3 tbsp all purpose flour
1/2 c heavy cream

Directions:
1.  In 4-Qt Dutch oven or saucepan, combine chicken, vegetables, bouquet garni, 1 tbsp of tarragon, and the stock Bring to a boil over high heat and season with the salt and pepper.  Reduce the heat, cover and simmer until the juices run clear when the chicken is pierced with a fork, 25 minutes for chicken parsts, 15 minutes for breasts.
2.  Remove the chicken pieces and skin them.  Strain the stock.  Measure out 3c of the stock, skim to remove any fat, and set aside.  Return the remaing stock and the chicken to the Dutch oven and keep warm
3.  Place 1 cup of the skipped stock in a small saucepan.  Reduce over high heat until only 2 or 3 tbsp remain, about 7 minutes.
4.  In another small saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat.  Add the flour and whisk until the mixture becomes pale yellow and frothy, 30 to 45 seconds.  Add the remaining 2 c skimmed stock and stir with a whisk until the sauce comes to a boil, 2 to 3 minutes.  When it comes to a boil, whisk vigorously for about seconds 30, then reduce the heat and simmer gently, whicking the veloute sauce well from time to time until it is the consistency of heavy cream, 2 to 3 minutes.  Skim the surface, removing the butter ahd impurities several times during the cooking, and follow by whisking the volute well each time.
5.  Add the reduced stock, cream and the remanining tarragon.  Bring the veloute back to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer until it is the consistency of heavy cream, about 10 minutes.  Taste and adjust the seasoning if necessary.

Submitter: 
Cat Tutt
Description: 
This recipe comes from the cookbooks French Classics Made Easy by Richard Crausman.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
