URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64335962/jamaican-pork-chops/
Title:
Jamaican Pork Chops Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2066520.jpg
Ingredients:
3 lbs pork chops
2 cups chicken stock
4 cups tomatoes (canned or fresh)
1 LG onion
3 green peppers
1 tbsp Worcestershire sauce
1/3 cup ketchup
1 tbsp minced garlic
2 tbsp butter
1 tbsp olive oil
1/4 cup water
1/4 cup corn starch

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350°
Slice onion and pepper and set aside.
If using fresh tomatoes, blanch for few minutes in boiling water then submerge them in ice water. Peel, core and quarter tomatoes and set aside.  If using canned tomatoes, drain most of the juice and set aside.
Rinse pork chops then place on paper towel lined plate to dry. Salt and pepper chops then brown both sides and place in roasting pan. Add chicken stock, cover and braise for 20 - 30 minutes, depending on thickness of chops.
While chops braise, saute onion and pepper in butter and olive oil until soft. Add tomatoes, garlic, ketchup and Worcestershire sauce. Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Once chops braised for time called, remove from oven and skim off fat. Lower oven temp to 325°. Add sauce to chops, cover and return to oven for 1 hour or until the chops are fork tender.
If you like your sauce thicker, remover chops and veggies from pot. Mix water and corn starch in cup until well blended then slowly stir into sauce a little at a time until thickness desired (you may not need the entire water and corn starch mixture). Remove bones from chops if using bone in chops then return chops and veggies to sauce.
Serve over steamed white rice.

Submitter: 
Michelle Horne
Description: 
I grew up with this fabulously delicious pork dish that my mom used to make.  We didn't have it often, probably because it takes a bit of time to make and my mom was a working mom. But I remember the way the house smelled so savory it made my mouth water. And the moment that first bite hit my tongue how heavenly it tasted! Now when I make this for my family, I hear them rave over this like I used to. One thing, I really have no idea why it was called Jamaican pork chops except that's what my mom's recipe called it!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
