URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64339075/vegan-garlic-alfredo-sauce/
Title:
Vegan Garlic Alfredo Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 medium white onion, chopped (make sure to measure out 1 1/2 cups of chopped onion)
1-2 cups low sodium vegetable broth, separated
1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
3-4 large garlic cloves, minced
1/2 heaping cup raw whole cashews (75 g, 2.6 oz) (soaked for 2-4 hours in hot water if you don't have a high powered blender)
1 tablespoon lemon juice (or more to your taste, I added a little more, do not omit!)
1/4 cup + 1 tablespoon nutritional yeast

Directions:
Add the onion and ONLY 1 cup of the broth to a large pan over medium-low heat. Cook for about 8 minutes until the onion is very tender. (Add a tiny bit more broth if it is cooking too fast or turn the heat down, so the onions don't burn) After several minutes, add the garlic and cook a couple of minutes more. All of the broth should have evaporated by now. If not, keep letting it cook until the broth has evaporated. You don't want any more liquid once it's done cooking, so the end result is thick and creamy.
Add the cooked veggies (the onion and garlic) to a blender. Start out by just adding 3/4 cup more of the remaining broth and add the remaining ingredients (salt, pepper, cashews, lemon juice, nutritional yeast). Blend on high for a couple of minutes until very creamy and smooth. Add any more broth to reach desired consistency, if necessary. Taste and add any more salt & pepper, if desired.
Serve over preferred pasta. Garnish with parsley, lemon zest and salt & pepper, if desired.

Submitter: 
Wilma Laura Wiggins
Description: 
Healthy garlic alfredo sauce that tastes like the guilty version. Lots of onion is the secret to this easy, rich alfredo sauce. You will be shocked there is not an ounce of dairy in it!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
20 min
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
