URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64332828/frozen-margarita-tarts/
Title:
Frozen Margarita Tarts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the crust
1 cup (42.5 grams) mini pretzel twists
3 tablespoons (45 grams) unsalted butter, melted, plus more for greasing pan
For lime curd filling
1/4 cup (50 grams) granulated sugar
1 large egg
3 tablespoons (45 mL) fresh lime juice
Zest of 1 small lime
1 tablespoon (15 grams) unsalted butter
1 drop green food coloring (optional)
3 tablespoons (45 mL) heavy whipping cream
2 teaspoons powdered sugar
1 teaspoon tequila

Directions:
To make the crust: Crush the pretzels in a food processor (or place in a plastic bag and use a rolling pin). You want a fine powder, but a few pieces of pretzels remaining are fine. Next, stir in the melted butter until combined. Pack a heaping tablespoon of the pretzel crumbs into six well-greased cups of a mini muffin pan. You should have six tart crusts. Place in the freezer to set.
To make the lime curd filling: In a microwave safe bowl, combine the granulated sugar, egg, lime juice, butter, and food coloring, if using. Whisk together, then microwave on HIGH for 30 seconds. Stop, stir, and microwave for another 30 seconds. Repeat until the mixture thickens and coats the back of a spoon. For me, this takes 1 minute and 30 seconds, or three pulses. Scrape the filling into a shallow bowl (more surface area, faster cooling), press plastic wrap directly on to the surface, and refrigerate until cold, about 1 hour. One hour before serving, dollop the filling over the frozen pretzel crusts. In a medium-size bowl, using an electric mixer on medium speed, whip the cream until soft peaks form, and then stir in the powdered sugar and tequila. Spoon the whipped cream on top of the lime curd, and freeze until set.To serve, run a knife around the edge of the tarts,and pop each out onto a plate

Submitter: 
Gina Lee Lafreniere
Description: 
I used crushed pretzels as the crust for these tarts for the salty bite. Feel free to double, triple, even quadruple this recipe for your Cinco de Mayo festivities!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
