URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64338846/no-added-fat-vegan-rosemary-potato-biscuits/
Title:
No Added Fat Vegan Rosemary Potato Biscuits Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2.5 cups whole wheat pastry flour
1 cup cooked mashed potato (you can use leftovers or make them fresh!)
1 & 1/4 cup soy milk, almond milk, or your favorite non-dairy milk
2 Tablespoons lemon juice
1-2 drops liquid Stevia or 1 teaspoon sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1.5 Tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary
1 teaspoon powdered garlic
1 Tablespoon baking powder

Directions:
Preheat your oven to 425 degrees. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or silpat baking mats.  You can also use a cast iron pan (like this one!) to cook these. Just add it to the cold oven and let it preheat as well.
Mix together the soy milk and lemon juice. Let it sit for a few minutes until thickened. Stir in the mashed potato and stevia (or sugar) once the milk is thick.
Sift together the flour, baking powder, rosemary, garlic and salt into a large bowl. Add the potato milk mixture and stir. Mix until JUST COMBINED. A few little lumps is okay.
For drop biscuits just spoon it out onto either your cast iron pan or a parchment lined baking sheet.
For cut biscuits lightly dust flour on your work surface. Dump the just combined dough onto the surface and pat into a 1/2-3/4" tall round. Cut out your pieces with a biscuit cutter (or cut them into squares with a knife!) and then combine the scraps, pat together again and repeat. These will be very delicate and may slightly pull apart while moving them if you are not careful. Just be gentle and pat them back together once they are transferred to the pan.
Bake the biscuits for 15-18 minutes or until they just begin to lightly brown.

Submitter: 
Wilma Laura Wiggins
Description: 
This is lower fat biscuit without tofu.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
