URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64334778/veal-osso-buco/
Title:
Veal Osso Buco Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2062840.jpg
Ingredients:
4-5 pounds veal shanks
1/4 tsp salt
1/8 tsp fresh cracked pepper
Flour (enough to dredge the shanks)
1/4 cup olive oil
1 medium onion-chopped
1 tsp salt
2 Tbsp minced garlic
1 14oz can diced tomatoes
2 tsp Italian seasoning
1 cup red wine (cooking wine or something that is dry, not sweet)
4 cups beef broth
2 Tbsp beef base

Directions:
Preheat oven to 250 degrees.
In a large (6 quart or more) Dutch oven, heat the olive oil over high heat.  Meanwhile pat dry the veal shanks with a paper towel then season with salt and pepper.  Lightly dredge in flour on all sides, then carefully place in the hot oil.  Sear each side of the shanks for approximately 3 minutes or until golden brown.  Remove the shanks and lower the heat to medium.  Add the onions and 1 tsp salt to the Dutch oven with the oil and cook, stirring frequently for 5 minutes or until translucent.  Add the minced garlic, canned tomatoes (including liquid), Italian seasoning, red wine, beef broth, and beef base.  Stir to incorporate.  Place the veal shanks back into the liquid mixture.
Cover the Dutch oven with its heavy lid or tightly with aluminum foil if lid is not oven proof.  Put the Dutch oven into the preheated oven and cook for 3-3.5 hours or until veal is fork tender and falls off the bone.  Remove from oven and return Dutch oven to stovetop.
Remove the veal shanks to a holding dish and cover to keep warm.  Boil and reduce the cooking liquid in the Dutch oven over high heat until it has reduced by half.
Serve the Osso Buco over mashed potatoes with the reduced cooking liquid as sauce.

Submitter: 
JRS_cook
Description: 
Delicious and tender veal shanks are cooked in a red wine and tomato infused beef broth for a mouth watering meal.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
4.5 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
