URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64337318/tofu-frittata/
Title:
Tofu Frittata Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1¾ cups cooked brown rice
1 egg-replacer (you can use flax, I used Organ egg replacer)
1 yellow pepper, chopped
1/2 an onion, chopped
4 spring onions/scallions, chopped with the white and green parts separate
4 cloves garlic, crushed and chopped
3 mushrooms, chopped
100g chopped kale
100g baby spinach
A large handful fresh basil leaves
1 package firm tofu
2 teaspoons Dijon mustard
½ teaspoons turmeric
1/2 teaspoon black salt
2 tablespoons soy sauce (or with mushroom)
3 tablespoons nutritional yeast
2/3 cup soy or almond milk
2 teaspoons arrowroot

Directions:
For the crust, pre-heat your oven to 375 and line your pan with parchment or use silicon bakeware. Mix the egg replacer with the cooked rice and then press the rice into the bottom of the pan. Bake for 10 minutes. Take out and set aside. Turn the oven down to 350.
Cook the onion, white part of the scallions and the garlic until they are soft. Add in the pepper and mushrooms and saute for about 10 minutes.
Add in the spinach, kale, basil and green parts of the scallions. You may have to do this a little at a time as they will have to wilt down a bit to fit in the pan.
As they wilt, turn the heat down to its lowest setting and start with the tofu mixture. For this you will add to a food processor or blender the tofu, mustard, turmeric, soy sauce, nutritional yeast, milk, arrowroot and salt. Blend until you have a smooth consistency.
Pour the tofu mixture into the greens and stir until everything is combined. Now pour this into the brown rice crust and bake in the pre-heated oven for 40 -50 minutes, depending on how deep or shallow your dish is. Just check it after 35 minutes to make sure it’s not too brown.
Leave it sitting for about an hour before taking off the sides of the pan. Allow it to cool before slicing as this will make it set further. If you want to eat it hot, put it back in the oven.

Submitter: 
Wilma Laura Wiggins
Description: 
Serve this vegan frittata with salad for breakfast, lunch or dinner.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
2 hrs 20 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
