URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64339030/100-whole-wheat-pita-bread/
Title:
100% Whole Wheat Pita Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 Tablespoon instant dry yeast (or you can use 1 package of instant dry yeast - it is a bit less but that's okay!)
3 cups whole wheat flour (I used white whole wheat)
1 teaspoon sugar
1.5 cups warm water (not hot!)
1 teaspoon salt

Directions:
Mix together the water, yeast and sugar in a large mixing bowl. First the yeast will dissolve and then it will turn all foamy/bubbly, if it doesn't get new yeast
Stir the salt and sugar into the flour and then mix in the water. You want the dough to be soft and supple but not super sticky. Add more water if needed
Knead the dough until smooth and elastic (5 minutes or so by hand or be clever and do it in a stand mixer or food processor with a dough blade.)
Cover with plastic wrap. Let rise for 1-2 hours or until doubled in size.
Separate into 8 equal portions. Roll each portion into a ball. Keep the dough balls separate and cover. Rise again for another 30-40 minutes.
Heat your oven to 475 degrees. You want it to be HOT! If you have a pizza stone you can put that in your oven to heat up or you can instead use a large baking sheet. Either way put them into the oven cold and let them preheat.
Once your dough has risen again take one out at a time and roll them into a flat disc shape. You want them to be 7-8" in diameter ( around 1/4" thick.) Roll 2 or 4 out at a time and then open your oven and put them in.
Set your timer for 3 minutes and have fun watching them balloon up!
Put them on a plate. Cover them with a towel to help soften them up.
Repeat with your remaining dough. I find it works best to let the oven heat for a couple of minutes between each batch since you've opened it up twice for the batch before.

Submitter: 
Wilma Laura Wiggins
Description: 
Vegan, whole wheat no oil pita bread
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 hrs 40 min
Ready in:
3 hrs 4 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
