URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64338627/pretzel-baguette/
Title:
Pretzel Baguette Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1½ cups warm water (110-115 degrees)
2 tsp. active dry yeast
2 tsp. sugar
4½ cups all purpose flour
2 tsp. kosher salt
4 tbsp. butter, melted
¼ cup baking soda
1 whole egg, lightly beaten
Kosher salt for sprinkling (use pretzel salt if you have it)
Sea Salt Butter:
6 table spoons butter
1 teaspoon sea salt

Directions:
Take out butter for spread.
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook attachment, combine water, yeast, & sugar. Stir together and let sit for 5 minutes until foamy.
Add the flour, salt & melted butter & combine until ball of dough forms.
Place in a lightly greased bowl & cover with a clean kitchen towel and place in a warm, draft-free place for 1 hour or until doubled in size.
When finished rising, punch down the dough & turn it over onto a lightly floured work surface.
Line a large baking sheet with a silicone baking mat or parchment paper and set aside.
Take the dough and form it into three even length loaves.
Place them side by side (not touching each other though) on the prepared baking sheet.
Cover with clean kitchen towel & let rise again for 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees. In a large pasta pot, bring 2 quarts of water to a boil & remove from heat. Gently sprinkle baking soda in and stir to mix. Place back on heat to a low simmer.
Place one loaf of bread in the poaching liquid for 1 minute then flip over and poach for another minute.
Place the loaf on the prepared baking sheet and repeat with the other loaf. Take a sharp knife and make slits on the top of the loaves.
Brush the tops of the bread with a beaten egg, sprinkle with salt, then place in oven and bake for 20-30 minutes.
In the meantime, mix butter and sea salt in a small bowl and set aside.
Once bread is done, let it cool on baking sheet for 10 minutes before partially slicing and spreading sea salt butter between slices.
Store bread in airtight container for up to 5 days or wrap in aluminum foil and place in a freezer bag to freeze.

Submitter: 
Cori
Description: 
This is one of my favorite breads to make at home - it's so delicious!  I like to slice the loaves, keeping the bottoms intact, while they're warm and slather sea-salted butter between the slices.  We keep one loaf out and freeze the rest.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h 50 m
Ready in:
2 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
