URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64331382/boilermaker-tailgate-chili/
Title:
Boilermaker Tailgate Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 pounds ground beef chuck
1 pound bulk Italian sausage
3 (15 ounce) cans chili beans, drained
1 (15 ounce) can ranch style beans
1 (28 ounce) and 1 (14.5 oz)cans diced tomatoes with juice
2 can pinto beans
1 can pork and beans
1 (6 ounce) can tomato paste
1 large yellow onion, chopped
3 stalks celery, chopped
1 green bell pepper, seeded and chopped
1 tablespoon bacon bits
4 cubes beef bouillon
1/2 cup beer
1/4 cup chili powder
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
1 tablespoon minced garlic
1 tablespoon dried oregano
2 teaspoons ground cumin
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon white pepper
1 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1 teaspoon white sugar
1 (10.5 ounce) bag corn chips such as Fritos®
1 (8 ounce) package shredded Cheddar cheese

Directions:
Heat a large stock pot over medium-high heat. Crumble the ground chuck and sausage into the hot pan, and cook until evenly browned. Drain off excess grease.
Pour in the chili beans, spicy chili beans, diced tomatoes and tomato paste. Add the onion, celery, bell peppers, bacon bits, bouillon, and beer. Season with chili powder, Worcestershire sauce, garlic, oregano, cumin, hot pepper sauce, basil, salt, pepper, cayenne, paprika, and sugar. Stir to blend, then cover and simmer over low heat for at least 2 hours, stirring occasionally.
After 2 hours, taste, and adjust salt, pepper, and chili powder if necessary. The longer the chili simmers, the better it will taste. Remove from heat and serve, or refrigerate, and serve the next day.
To serve, ladle into bowls, and top with corn chips and shredded Cheddar cheese.

Submitter: 
Janill Hallman
Description: 
Ground beef, Italian sausage, beans, and a tomato base come together with lots of flavor and spice in this popular chili recipe. It's perfect for tailgating before football games or any time of year.Modified from: Boilermaker Tailgate Chili
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
