URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64331547/strawberry-sponge-shortcake/
Title:
Strawberry Sponge Shortcake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 c All-purpose Flour
1 tsp Baking Powder
1/8 tsp Baking Soda
1/2 c + 2 Tbsp Sugar
3 lg Egg Whites
Pinch of Salt
1/2 c Canola Oil
1/4 c Fat-Free Milk
1 1/2 tsp Vanilla Extract
1 quart Strawberries, sliced
8 Tbsp Fat-free Whipped Topping

Directions:
1. Preheat the oven to 350°F. Coat a 9" round cake pan with cooking spray.
2. Whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and 1/4 cup of the sugar in a bowl.
3. Place the egg whites and salt in a bowl and, with an electric mixer, beat on medium speed until the whites start to turn opaque. Increase the speed to high. Continue beating, gradually adding the remaining 1/4 cup of the sugar until soft peaks form.
4. Whisk the oil, milk, and vanilla extract into the flour mixture until smooth. Dollop one-third of the beaten egg whites onto the batter and gently whisk in. Dollop on the remaining whites and gently fold into the batter. Pour into the cake pan and smooth the top.
5. Bake for 25 minutes, or until the top is browned and the cake springs back when pressed with a fingertip. Cool in the pan on a rack.
6. Meanwhile, combine the strawberries and the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar in a bowl. Refrigerate until serving.
7. Cut the cake into 8 wedges. Cut each wedge horizontally in half. Place the bottom halves on 8 dessert plates. Dividing evenly, top the wedges with half the strawberry mixture. Cover with the cake tops. Spoon on the remaining strawberry mixture and 1 tablespoon of whipped topping. Serve right away.

Submitter: 
fordmarie
Description: 
I am always so happy in July because the strawberries are cheap and use can make so many wonderful healthy creations with them, including this lovely and refreshing cake!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
unknown
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
