URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64334921/lemon-tart-with-rosemary-crust/
Title:
Lemon Tart with Rosemary Crust Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/3 cup Flour
2 Tbsp Sugar
1 Tbsp Fresh Rosemary, chopped
Pinch of Salt
1/3 cup Cold Butter, cubed
1-2 Tbsp Ice Water
1 cup Greek Yogurt
1/2 cup Sugar
2 Eggs
1/2 cup Fresh Lemon Juice
1 Tbsp Lemon Zest

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350°F. Lightly butter a 9-inch tart pan and set aside.
Place the flour, sugar, rosemary, and salt in the bowl of a food processor and pulse a few times. Add the butter and pulse until little pea sized bits start to form. Add in the ice water, starting with just 1 tablespoon. Pulse a few more times, then check the dough to see if it holds together when pressed between your fingers. If not, add the 2nd tablespoon. The dough may still seem crumbly, but as long as it holds together when pressed it will be perfect.
Dump the dough out into the prepared tart pan. Starting from the center, work your way out to the sides by pressing the dough firmly into the pan. Make sure you press it up along the sides evenly. Pierce the bottom with a fork a few times and place in the oven to bake for about 15 minutes. Cool on a wire rack for at least 5 minutes before filling.
Meanwhile prepare the filling. Place the yogurt and sugar in a bowl and whisk until thoroughly combined. Whisk in the eggs, one at a time, then add the lemon juice and zest. Whisk until smooth and everything is evenly combined.
Pour the filling into the crust and bake in the oven for 25-30 minutes or until the center is set and only slightly jiggles when shaken lightly.
Allow to cool completely then place in the fridge to chill for at least 1 hour before serving. Tart can be made the day before and kept covered and chilled in the fridge. Serve with fresh whipped cream if you’d like.

Submitter: 
fordmarie
Description: 
I love the combo of rosemary and lemon together, they truly do go together.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
