URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64338644/september-7th-cake/
Title:
September 7th Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2075710.jpg
Ingredients:
6 eggs, separated
3/4 cup granulated sugar
5 tablespoon sifted cocoa
1/4 teaspoon salt
3/4 teaspoon unflavored gelatin
1 1/2 tablespoons cold water
1 1/2 cups heavy whipping cream
1/3 cup confectioners sugar
3/4 teaspoon vanilla extract
8 ounces semisweet chocolate
4 tablespoons butter
1 tablespoon instant espresso powder
1/4 cup boiling water
2 cups heavy whipping cream
3/4 cup confectioners sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract

Directions:
Preheat oven 375ยบ
Butter two 9" cake pans lined with parchment paper. Dust pans with cocoa.
Beat the egg yolks at high for 5 min. Add half the sugar and continue to beat at high for 5 min. Mix in cocoa by hand and set aside.
In a separate bowl, add salt and egg whites. Beat at high speed until the whites barely hold a soft shape. Reduce speed to medium while gradually adding the reserved sugar. Increase speed to high and beat until the whites hold shape, not stiff.
Fold half of the whites into the chocolate mixture. Fold the chocolate mixture into the remaining whites. Pour mixture into prepared pans.
Bake for 25 to 30 min.
Cut around the sides of the layers. Invert pan on rack, peel off the paper lining, and invert again to cool. The cakes will collapse.
Sprinkle the gelatin over the 1 1/2 Tbls cold water and let stand for 5 min. Microwave for a few seconds until the gelatin dissolves.
Reserve 3 Tbs of the cream and place the (1 1/2 cups minus 3 Tbs) cream in the mixer bowl. Add the 1/3 c powdered sugar and vanilla. Beat only until the cream has increased in volume and holds a soft shape.
Stir the reserved 3 tablespoons of cream into the warm, dissolved gelatin and, with the mixer going, pour the gelatin whipped cream and continue to beat until it holds a peak.
Place the whipped cream on the bottom cake layer. Cover it with the inverted other cake layer (so it holds the cream in). Place cake in the refrigerator and prepare the frosting.
Melt chocolate and butter in microwave. Dissolve the coffee in 1/4 cup boiling water. Pour it over the chocolate. Stir until smooth. Cool to room temperature.
Place the 2 cups of cream, 3/4 c pow.sugar, and vanilla in a mixer bowl. Beat until the cream holds a soft shape. Fold cream into the chocolate.
Ice cake and refriger

Submitter: 
Wendi
Description: 
This is the most requested gluten free cake I make!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
90
Ready in:
next d
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
