URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64342035/roasted-spring-vegetables-with-arugula-pesto/
Title:
Roasted Spring Vegetables with Arugula Pesto Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 cups baby or new potatoes, 1 to 2 inches in diameter, halved or quartered depending on size
5 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided
4 cups peeled baby carrots
1 bunch asparagus, trimmed and cut into thirds
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup baby arugula for garnish
Arugula Pesto
1 clove garlic, peeled
5 cups baby arugula
1/2 cup finely shredded Asiago cheese
1/4 cup toasted pine nuts (see Tip)
1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil
1/4 teaspoon salt

Directions:
1.To prepare vegetables: Position rack in upper and lower thirds of oven; preheat to 425°F.
2.Toss potatoes with 2 teaspoons oil in a large bowl and spread on a large baking sheet. Roast in the lower third of the oven for 5 minutes.
3.Meanwhile, toss carrots with 2 teaspoons oil in the bowl and spread on another large baking sheet. After the potatoes have roasted for 5 minutes, place the carrots in the upper third of the oven and roast potatoes and carrots for 15 minutes.
4.Toss asparagus with the remaining 1 teaspoon oil in the bowl. Add to the pan with the potatoes, toss to combine and return to the oven. Continue roasting until all the vegetables are tender and starting to brown, 8 to 10 minutes more.
5.To prepare pesto: Meanwhile, drop garlic through the feed tube of food processor with the motor running; process until minced. Stop the machine and add arugula, cheese, pine nuts, 1/4 cup oil and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Pulse and then process, scraping down the sides as necessary, until the mixture is a smooth paste.
6.Toss the roasted vegetables with 1/3 cup pesto and 1/2 teaspoon salt in the large bowl (reserve the remaining pesto for another use: refrigerate for up to 1 week or freeze). Transfer to a serving dish and garnish with arugula, if desired.

Submitter: 
goodeats
Description: 
These roasted vegetables tossed with arugula pesto are an easy side for a dinner party. Try serving them with a roasted leg of lamb. If you can find beautiful, freshly harvested small carrots, they’ll look and taste the best in this dish.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
