URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64344716/spicy-shrimp-past-in-garlic-tomato-cream-sauce/
Title:
Spicy Shrimp Past in Garlic Tomato Cream Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 pound shrimp, without shells, and deveined
crushed red pepper
paprika
salt
1 small onion, finely chopped
4 garlic cloves, minced
2 cups canned crushed tomatoes
1/4 cup water
half a cube chicken bullion, I used Knorr
1 tablespoon basil
1/4 teaspoon oregano
1/2 cup heavy cream
8 oz penne pasta

Directions:
1.Heat olive oil in a large skillet on medium-high heat. Add shrimp and cook on one side for about 1 minute, until shrimp turns pink on that side. While it cooks, sprinkle the top of shrimp with crushed red pepper, paprika and salt to cover every single shrimp. Make sure not to crowd the shrimp in the skillet, otherwise moisture will form and shrimp won't sear right. And, don't skimp on spices. Using spatula turn shrimp over to the other side and cook for about 2 more minutes.
2.Remove shrimp to a plate, being careful to leave all the oil in the skillet.
3.To the same skillet, add chopped onion and minced garlic and cook on medium high heat in the olive oil that will have a nice reddish color from paprika and crushed red pepper. Cook for about 2 minutes, occasionally stirring, until onions soften.
4.Add crushed tomatoes and chicken bullion cube dissolved in 1/4 cup boiling water. Add basil and oregano, mix, bring to boil and reduce to simmer. Simmer for about 10-15 minutes, mixing occasionally and crushing all tomatoes into very small bites, until the sauce reduces just a bit. Season with more red pepper and salt, if needed. In the end, while on simmer, add heavy cream, mix it in, and immediately remove from heat.
5.Add back the shrimp and pasta. Mix everything well to combine. Reheat on low simmer, if needed. Do not bring to boil or high heat as it might affect the sauce texture. Add more salt and pepper if necessary.
6.When serving, I like to sprinkle the top of pasta with just a touch of crushed red pepper.

Submitter: 
Patty Cahill
Description: 
Spicy Shrimp Past in Garlic Tomato Cream Sauce
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
45 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
