URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64349957/beef-and-broccoli-stir-fry/
Title:
Beef and Broccoli Stir Fry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup oyster sauce
2 teaspoons Asian (toasted) sesame oil
1/2 cup sherry
1 tablespoon soy sauce
2 tablespoons Yoshida Terriyaki Marinade (sub sugar)
2 teaspoon cornstarch
3/4 pound NY Strip steak, cut into 1/8-inch thick strips
3 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more if needed
1/2 onion chopped
3-4 stalks celery chopped
2 tablespoons garlic, peeled and smashed
1 pound broccoli, cut into florets
5-6 medium size Crimini mushrooms, slice thin
1 red pepper chopped
1/2 Pkg bean sprouts
3 green onions sliced thin

Directions:
Par boil broccoli ahead of time until nearly fully cooked. Place beef in freezer for 15 minutes before slicing to firm up the meat.
Whisk together the oyster sauce, sesame oil, sherry, soy sauce, marinade, and cornstarch in a bowl, and stir until mixed well. Place the steak slices into a shallow bowl, pour the oyster sauce mixture over the meat, stir to coat well, and marinate for at least one hour refrigerated.
Heat vegetable oil in a wok skillet over medium-high heat, and stir in the mushrooms. Cook for 3 minutes and add chopped onion, red pepper and celery and cook until onion is nearly translucent. Stir in the broccoli, and toss and stir to heat through. Pour a little more oil into the wok, if needed, and stir and toss the beef with the marinade  and vegetables until the sauce forms a glaze on the beef, and the meat is no longer pink, about 5 minutes. Add bean sprouts near the end of the cooking cycle and mix to heat through. Lastly add green onions and stir to mix well. Heat through for an additional minute.

Submitter: 
Phil
Description: 
Flavorful variation of the restaurant style beef and broccoli, submitted by Diane. I like the additional vegetables for crunch and eye appeal. Substituting chicken for the beef works too. Serve over rice.Modified from: Restaurant Style Beef and Broccoli
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1-1/2 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
