URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64340812/potato-strong-cauliflower-wings/
Title:
Potato Strong Cauliflower Wings Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 head of cauliflower
-1 cup flour (I used whole wheat, others use chickpea flour, etc)
-1 cup non-dairy milk or water (I used unsweetened almond milk)
-spices (optional such as onion/garlic powder, nutritional yeast, salt – I didn’t add)
-1 cup of breadcrumbs (I made them with 5 pieces of whole wheat bread baked in oven until dried out, blended with dashes of onion/garlic powder). Enough to coat your cauliflower florets, you may need more.
-1/2 cup barbecue sauce (I used a no oil regular or garlic sauce, whatever you prefer)
-Tabasco sauce (add to sauce to taste for desired heat tolerance, lots of hot sauce options that you may prefer)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 450F. Wash and cut cauliflower into florets (bite sized pieces). Mix the flour, non-dairy milk and optional spices and whisk to combine in a large bowl. Put the florets into the flour mixture and mix to coat each floret. Then dip each floret into a bowl of bread crumbs and lay onto a baking sheet lined with silpat non-stick sheet (or parchment paper). Repeat until all florets are coated, breaded and put onto sheet.
Bake the florets until they are crispy and browned, about 15-20 minutes. While that is baking, mix the bbq sauce and tabasco (if using) and put into a large bowl. Then take the florets out of the oven when browned and crispy, use spatula to scrape off the florets into a bowl that contains the bbq sauce mixture. Coat each floret in bbq sauce then re-bake for another 20 minutes. it takes a while for the florets to dry out again. Let rest 15 to 20 min

Submitter: 
Wilma Laura Wiggins
Description: 
A great recipe from Potato Strong for these vegan Buffalo Wings.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
1 hr 10 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
