URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64346971/savory-butternut-squash-pie/
Title:
Savory Butternut Squash Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 Medium Butternut Squash
1 lb Ground Beef
1 Medium Yellow Onion
1 tsp Paprika
1 tsp Salt
1 tsp Cumin
1 tsp Chili Powder
1/2 tsp Cayenne Pepper
1 tsp Black Pepper
1 Container Crumbled Goat Cheese
1/4 cup Milk
1 Egg
1 Pie crust of your choosing (I made this Veggie Pot Pie crust and it fit perfectly in a springform pan

Directions:
1. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees.
2. Put the whole butternut squash on a cookie sheet and cook until soft all the way through. Should take about 45-50 minutes. Cut in half to cool once it is cooked through.
3. Caramelize the onions. Add the ground beef until browned most of the way through. Add half of all the spices to the meat mixture (e.g. 1/2 tsp Cumin, 1/2 tsp Paprika, etc.) and stir until well mixed.
4. Put the pie crust in a greased 3" deep springform pan or pie dish so that the crust goes all the way up the sides. This is a deep dish pie and will fill the crust up to the very top.
5. Pour the meat and onions into the pie crust and spread evenly along the bottom.
6. Sprinkle the entire container of goat cheese over the meat mixture evenly.
7. When squash is cool enough to handle, peel the skin off and mash is with a fork until smooth. You can also use a food processor for a fluffier pie.  Add the 1/4 cup of milk, the egg, and the remainder of the spices to the squash mixture and blend until smooth and creamy.
8. Pour the squash mixture on top of the meat and smooth top. Be careful not to overflow the crust or the pan.
9. Bake the pie in your preheated oven for about 30-40 minutes until the top of the crust is starting to brown and the top of the squash no longer looks wet. A toothpick inserted into the pie should come out clean. Bon Appetit!

Submitter: 
Casey Setash
Description: 
Made something up to combine my favorite type of squash with some of my favorite savory spices. Great for a winter night or just to use up that Butternut Squash that's been sitting around forever!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
