URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64346289/cookies-and-cream-cake---less-oreos-less-fat/
Title:
Cookies and Cream Cake - Less Oreos, Less Fat Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup confectioner's sugar
2/3 cup all-purpose flour
3/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
1 pinch salt
1/2 cup butter, melted
1 (8 ounce) package Neufchatel cheese, softened
1/4 cup confectioners' sugar
2 (3.5 ounce) packages instant vanilla pudding mix
3 cups fat free milk
1 (12 ounce) container frozen lite whipped topping, thawed
14.3 ounces reduced fat chocolate sandwich cookies with creme filling (regular size package)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Whisk sugar, flour, cocoa powder, and salt together in a bowl until thoroughly combined. Pour melted butter into the mixture and stir to incorporate. Press 2/3 of the dough into the bottom of a 9x13 pan sprayed with nonstick cooking spray and the remaining 1/3 of the dough evenly into a sprayed nonstick pan for crumbling on top of the dessert.
Bake pans in preheated oven until the sides are firm and the bottom bubbles slightly, about 10 minutes.  Remove from oven and allow to cool.
In a large bowl mix, milk and pudding together.
Let sit until thickened, about 5 minutes.
Add cream cheese and sugar to the bowl, and mix until thoroughly incorporated.
Gently fold in the whipped topping.
Roughly chop the remaining package of cookies or place in a gallon size bag a roughly break up using a rolling pin, the bottom of a pan, can of veggies, etc.
Fold in the broken up cookies into the bowl.
Spread the mixture on top of the cookie bottom crust.
Process the 1/3 portion of the cookie crust in a food processor into crumbs, and sprinkle on top of the dessert.
Chill until ready to serve.
Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Cori
Description: 
An attempt at a lighter, more wholesome cookies and cream dessert.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
