URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64340814/napa-salad-the-best/
Title:
NAPA SALAD, the best Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Dressing Ingredients:
½ cup oil
2 teaspoons soy sauce (I use low sodium and add little more later after sugar dissolves if needed to taste)
½ to ¾ cup sugar (you can go lighter with the sugar and adjust to taste)
½ cup white vinegar
Topping Ingredients:
¼ cup butter
6 ounce Ramen noodle with dry seasoning packet; crush noodles & remove seasoning packet  (I use the chicken flavor. And pound the package of noodles on counter to break noodles)
½ cup sesame seeds
½-3/4 cup slivered almonds
Salad Ingredients:
1 head Napa cabbage; washed, cut in half lengthwise, discard core, thinly slice on diagonal
1 bunch green onions; washed & ends removed, slice

Directions:
(To make this salad it’s easier to prep  days in advance.  Wash the napa cabbage if needed to let it dry well.  Cut and core then slice cabbage and place in Ziploc bags with paper towel, store in refrigerator.  Then make dressing in jar, store in refrigerator.)
To make the dressing --->  Put all dressing ingredients in a clean jar, shake let sugar dissolve, store in refrigerator.
To make the salad toppings --->  In a large skillet melt butter on low; lightly brown crushed/broken Ramen noodles with contents of seasoning packet, stirring.  Add the almonds and sesame seeds, stirring to lightly toast in skillet for approximately 10 minutes on low - be careful not to burn!  Remove mixture from heat; place into a bowl to cool.   Set aside.
To serve ----->  Place Napa cabbage in serving bowl, top with green onions and Ramen mixture, just before serving toss and lightly add dressing to coat.
(When I take the salad to a function I take the cabbage in a ziploc bag(s), the green onion and Ramen mixtures in separate little containers along with the jar of dressing.  Build and toss the salad just before serving.  I like to keep some of the green onion & Ramen mixture to place top of the salad to make it look pretty.)

Submitter: 
Sue's recipes
Description: 
To make this salad it’s easier to prep  days in advance.  Wash Napa cabbage if needed and let it dry well.  Cut Napa cabbage and place in Ziploc bags with paper towel, store in refrigerator.  And make the dressing in jar, store in refrigerator.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
9
Nutritional Facts:
NA
