URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64358360/mint-chocolate-truffle-cupcakes/
Title:
Mint Chocolate Truffle Cupcakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
CUPCAKES:
2 cups flour (whole grain winter white flour)
1 teaspoon baking soda
½ teaspoon salt
1 cup boiling water
2/3 cup cocoa powder (natural unsweetened)
2/3 cup semisweet chocolate chips
2 tablespoon instant espresso (optional)
1 1/2 cup sugar
1 cup sour cream
1 cup vegetable oil
4 large eggs
2 teaspoon vanilla extract
FILLING:
2.5 cups bittersweet chocolate chips
1 cup milk
1 fl dram (3.7 ml) LorAnn Peppermint oil, divided
FROSTING:
8 oz cream cheese, softened
1 1/2 cup butter, softened
1/2 tsp LorAnn Peppermint oil (remaining dram)
6-8 cups powdered sugar
green food coloring (optional)
DECORATIION:
36 Andes mints
green sanding sugar
mini chocolate chips

Directions:
CUPCAKES:
Preheat oven to 325 degrees and adjust oven rack to middle position. Grease and flour wells of 36 muffin cups or put in paper liners.
Combine flour, baking soda, and salt in a bowl and set aside.
Whisk water, cocoa, chocolate chips, and espresso (if using) in a large bowl until smooth. Add sugar, sour cream, oil, eggs and vanilla and mix until combined. Whisk in flour mixture until incorporated.
Divide batter evenly among muffin cups. Bake until toothpick inserted into cupcake comes out with few dry crumbs attached, 18 to 22 minutes. Cool cupcakes in tin 10 minutes, then turn out onto wire rack and cool completely before filling or frosting.
FILLING:
Place chocolate chips in a glass bowl.
Heat the milk in a small saucepan on the stove or in a microwave safe dish in the microwave until very hot, but not boiling.
Pour hot milk over the chocolate and whisk until chocolate is melted and the mixture is smooth. Mix in 1/4 - 1/2 tsp Peppermint Oil, to taste.
Set the mixture aside to cool while you prepare the cupcakes for filling. (when I'm impatient I'll place it in the fridge or freezer to expedite the cooling/setting process.)
FROSTING:
Cream butter and cream cheese in a mixer until fluffy and well combined. Add in the oil and powdered sugar (1 cup at a time) until you reach desired consistency. Add in food coloring.
PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER:
Cut a small cone in the top of each cupcake. Remove the cone, cut off the pointy end and discard, but keep the cap.
Fill each hole with ganache and replace the cap of each cupcake.
Pipe the frosting onto the cupcake as desired. Sprinkle with sanding sugar and chocolate chips then place an unwrapped andes mint in the middle.

Submitter: 
Apron Appeal
Description: 
Mint frosting and mint ganache filling make these chocolate cupcakes reminiscent of a mint chocolate truffle from your favorite candy shoppe.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
36
Nutritional Facts:
NA
