URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64355834/chocolate-salted-caramel-tart/
Title:
Chocolate Salted Caramel Tart Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2131119.jpg
Ingredients:
Pastry
1 1/4 cups flour
1/4 cup ground almonds
1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
1/4 cup sugar
1/4 tsp salt
1 stick (110 g) cold unsalted butter, cut into small 1/2" cubes
1 tsp vanilla extract
1 egg
1-2 tbsp ice water
Caramel
1 1/2 cups sugar
1/2 cup water
1/2 cup heavy cream
5 tbsp (70 g) unsalted butter
1 tsp salt
Chocolate Ganache
1/2 cup heavy cream
4 oz (120g) bittersweet chocolate, chopped
Garnish
sea salt crystals

Directions:
PASTRY: In a large bowl mix flour with ground almonds, cocoa powder, sugar and salt
Incorporate butter to the flour mixture, using a pastry cutter or fork until crumbs are formed. Add the egg and vanilla extract and mix them in. Add water and incorporate into the dough. Wrap it with plastic, knead slowly to form a ball and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes or overnight
On a floured surface roll the dough to a circle with about 1 1/2 inches larger than your tart pan. Lift up the rolled dough and place it on a greased 9 inch tart pan. Remove the edges and refrigerate for 30 minutes
Preheat the over to 350 F
Prick the dough with a fork, line a parchment paper over the dough. Fill with dry beans, rice or pie weights and bake for 15 mins
Remove the weights and the parchment paper. Return to oven for another 10 to 15 minutes. Allow to cool before removing from the tart pan
CARAMEL: Place the sugar and water in a medium heavy bottomed saucepan over medium-high heat, and cook without stirring until sugar dissolves and gets a caramel color
Remove the pan from the heat and add the cream. It will bubble a little bit.  Put back on the heat and cook for about 1 or 2 minutes stirring constantly with a wooden spoon until smooth. Remove from heat and add butter and salt. Stir well until smooth
Let the caramel cool slightly and pour over the chocolate crust. Refrigerate for about 4-5 hours
CHOCOLATE GANACHE: Melt cream and chocolate on a double boiler until smooth
Pour the chocolate ganache over the caramel. Spread it evenly and refrigerate for another 2-3 hours before serving. Sprinkle with sea salt flakes and serve

Submitter: 
Sophie Pipilas
Description: 
This chocolate caramel tart is absolutely amazing. A buttery almond crust, gooey salted caramel and bittersweet chocolate ganache, all garnished with salted crystals
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 hr + chilling time
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
