URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64359404/castiron-blueberry-biscuits/
Title:
Castiron Blueberry Biscuits Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Biscuits:
2 cups All-Purpose Flour (I used White Lily, a flour available in most Southern stores)
1 Tb. baking powder
1 1/2 tsp salt
3 Tb. sugar
1 stick unsalted butter (VERY cold)
3/4-ish cup buttermilk (use enough until the dough is just barely wet enough)
1 c. frozen blueberries (we used fresh blueberries that had been frozen overnight)
1/2 stick melted salted butter
Sauce:
1 c. powdered sugar
3 Tb. milk (or more if not thin enough)
1/2 tsp. vanilla

Directions:
Preheat oven to 500 degrees.
Stir the sauce ingredients together (powdered sugar, milk, vanilla), and make sure the powdered sugar is completely dissolved.
Combine all the dry ingredients (flour, baking powder, salt, sugar) together and then cut in the cold unsalted butter. Cut in until the butter is about pea sized, relatively well mixed in. Add buttermilk. Add slowly until you have just enough where the dough separates from the sides of the bowl. Stir until just combined and roll it out onto a well-floured surface.
Before kneading, prepare a large area for kneading. (I use a large cutting board for easy clean-up!) Sprinkle the area with some flour. Put the dough on the floured area and sprinkle some flour over the dough. Press the dough out (no need to roll with a pin) and flatten to about 1/2? thickness. Put blueberries over dough. Knead a couple of times and flatten back out to about 1? thickness. (Honestly, the thicker the better, because they rise so beautifully!) The berries will likely start to bleed onto the dough and you’ll start to see flecks of blue as the berries defrost.
Place biscuits in a cast-iron skillet and be sure biscuits are touching.
Bake at 500 degrees for about 10-12 minutes. Somewhere around 6 to 8 minutes, take the skillet out of the oven and brush the biscuits with melted salted butter. This is an integral part of the baking process. And be liberal with it, brush on the sides of the biscuits if they are showing. When you begin to see the tops lightly brown (and the blueberries burst), take them out. The temperature in the middle of the biscuits will remain very hot once out of the oven and will continue the cooking process.

Submitter: 
Laurie Crofoot
Description: 
from the net
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
