URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64358077/banana-nut-coffee-cake-w-caramel-icing/
Title:
Banana Nut Coffee Cake w/ Caramel Icing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2140080.jpg
Ingredients:
Coffee Cake
1/2 cup Pecans, chopped
1/4 cup Cinnamon Sugar (1/4 cup Sugar mixed with 1 Tbsp Cinnamon)
1/2 cup shortening
1 cup Sugar
2 Eggs
1 cup bananas, mashed (2 very ripe large bananas)
1 Tbsp pure vanilla extract
1/2 cup sour cream
2 cups flour
1 tsp baking powder
1 tsp baking soda
1/4 tsp salt
.
Caramel Icing
6 Tbsp butter
3/4 cup dark brown sugar, packed
6 Tbsp milk
1 tsp pure vanilla extract
2 cups powdered sugar, sifted

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350°.  Grease a bundt pan and set aside.  Combine the chopped pecans and the cinnamon sugar, set aside.  With a mixer, cream the shortening and sugar together until light and fluffy.  Beat in the eggs, mashed banana and vanilla.  Add the sour cream and mix until just blended.  Sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt.  Add to the batter and beat until blended.  Sprinkle two tablespoons of the sugar/nut mixture into the greased pan.  Top with half of the cake batter.  Follow with the remainder of the sugar/nut mixture and then end with the rest of the cake batter.  Bake for 40-45 minutes or until a toothpick comes out clean.  Cool for 5 minutes in the pan and then turn out the cake to finish cooling.  Top with Carmel Icing
Caramel Icing
Melt the butter in a saucepan.  Add the sugar and the milk.  Bring to a boil and continue to boil for 1-2 minutes.  Remove from the heat and add the pure vanilla extract and gradually mix in the sifted powdered sugar.  This icing hardens up rather quickly so you need to work fast.  If it hardens up too quickly for you add some more milk(not too much) to thin it out.

Submitter: 
MR. YO
Description: 
A favorite recipe that I have used for everything from a brunch treat to a requested birthday cake to a potluck.  It always get rave reviews.  It's the combination of the caramel icing and the bananas that tickles everybody's taste buds.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
75 m
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
