URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64356937/french-bread/
Title:
French Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
7 cups all-purpose flour
3 pkts (.25 ounce) packages active dry yeast
1 tblsp salt
21/2 cups warm water (110 degrees F/45 degrees C)
2 tablespoon cornmeal
1 egg white
1 tablespoon cold water

Directions:
In a large bowl, combine 5-6 cups flour and salt.
Stir in yeast in 2 cups warm water.
Combine and beat until well blended using a stand mixer with a dough hook attachment.
Add remaining flour as needed.
On a lightly floured surface, knead in enough flour to make a stiff dough that is smooth and elastic. Knead for about 8 to 10 minutes total.
Shape into a ball.
Place dough in a greased bowl, and turn once. Cover, and let rise in a warm place until doubled.
Punch dough down, and divide in half.
Turn out onto a lightly floured surface.  Cover, and let rest for 10 minutes.
Roll each half into large rectangle. Roll up, starting from a long side. Moisten edge with water and seal. Taper ends.
Grease a large baking sheet. Sprinkle with cornmeal. Place loaves, seam side down, on the prepared baking sheet.
Lightly beat the egg white with 1 tablespoon of water, and brush on.
Cover with a damp cloth. Let rise until nearly doubled, 35 to 40 minutes.
With a very sharp knife, make 3 or 4 diagonal cuts about 1/4 inch deep across top of each loaf.
Bake in a preheated 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) oven for 20 minutes.
Brush again with egg white mixture. Bake for an additional 15 to 20 minutes, or until bread tests done.
If necessary, cover loosely with  foil to prevent over browning. Remove from baking sheet, and cool on a wire rack.

Submitter: 
Conrad Crepeau
Description: 
A crisp, crunchy crust and slightly chewy center make this bread as traditional as the breads served in France.Modified from: French Bread
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
2 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
30
Nutritional Facts:
NA
