URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64356456/mushroom-barley-lentil-burger/
Title:
Mushroom Barley Lentil Burger Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 large onion, diced
4 garlic cloves, chopped
10 ounces cremini mushrooms, quartered
8 ounces pre-cooked lentils (somewhat undercooked: 10 min), divided
8 ounces cooked barley, divided
4 teaspoons Dijon mustard
2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme
2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary
1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley
1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
3 T chia seeds, ground in 1/2 c broth or water
2 cups panko bread crumbs
1 T. tapioca flour
To serve: 8 whole wheat hamburger buns, toppings of choice (lettuce, tomato, cheese, etc.

Directions:
Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion, sauté for 3 minutes or until beginning to soften, using water to keep from sticking. Add garlic and sauté for an additional minute; remove from heat. Transfer onion mixture to a large mixing bowl.
Place mushrooms in a food processor fitted with a metal blade. Pulse a few times until mushrooms are chopped. Add half of the lentils (4 oz.) and half of the barley (4 oz.) to the food processor; place the remaining lentils and barley in the mixing bowl with the onion mixture.
In food processor, pulse the mushrooms, barley, and lentils together until well-combined. Transfer to the mixing bowl with the onion mixture.
To the mushroom, barley, lentil, and onion mixture, add the thyme, rosemary, parsley, pepper, salt, and chia. Mix with a spatula or clean hands until well-combined. Add the panko 1/2 cup at a time, gently mixing in until the mixture is still moist but no longer sticky. You may need slightly less or more than 2 cups.
Form mixture into 8 patties, the diameter of your buns or approximately 1/2? thick. Refrigerate until ready to cook, or freeze to use later.*
To cook the patties, heat large skillet over medium-high heat. Place patties in skillet and cook for about 4 to 6 minutes per side, or until both sides are nicely browned and crisp, and patty is heated through. Serve on whole wheat buns with desired toppings.

Submitter: 
Wilma Laura Wiggins
Description: 
Mushroom and Barley makes for a textured burger.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
33 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
