URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64352084/gluten-free-pasta/
Title:
Gluten Free Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Mix all dry ingredients with food processor:
1/2 cup Gluten Free Brown Rice Flour
1/2 cup Gluten Free White Rice Flour
1/3 cup Bob's Red Mill Gluten Free Millet Flour (Or Gluten Free Sorghum Flour)
2/3 cup Tapioca Flour
1/4 cup Potato Starch
1 tablespoon Xanthan Gum
1 teaspoon Salt
Whisk together:
3 large eggs
2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil

Directions:
After mixing dry ingredients, SLOWLY add egg/olive oil mix into food processor while mixing.
SLOWLY add 2-4 tablespoons of water, 1 tablespoon at a time.  Usually 2 will be enough. If you add too much water and the dough is very sticky, add a little bit more rice flour. If the dough is too dry, add a little bit more water. Mix in the food processor for about 1-2 Minutes until the dough is pliable and does not stick to your hands
Place the dough on the counter (You may need to add any flour to the counter)
Knead for about a minute. If you notice the dough "cracking", then sprinkle more water in it until it becomes smooth. Divide the dough into 6 balls. Place on a kitchen cloth that has been moistened with water. Cover the dough balls so they won't dry out and let rest 20-30 minutes.
Take each ball separately, flatten and roll through pasta roller 5-6 times on the highest setting refolding the sheets in thirds each time to make a nice rectangular sheet. Make sure you cover up the other balls while your working on each one to avoid them drying out
Reduce roller size until its at needed size for cutter.  Run the sheet through the cutter and place pasta on drying rack or lightly floured cookie sheet
Bring 3 quarts of water to boil adding some olive oil to water.
Add pasta to boiling water. Boil for 2 1/2 minutes for fettuccine and 1 1/2 minutes for spaghetti.
Drain the pasta and drizzle with some extra virgin olive oil to reduce clumping

Submitter: 
Ron Perry
Description: 
Gluten free/ wheat free pasta.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
48 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
