URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64350689/cinnamon-roll-casserole/
Title:
Cinnamon Roll Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 (12.4oz) cans refrigerated cinnamon rolls with icing
1 1/2 c. half-and-half
1 1/2 c. heavy whipping cream
1 1/2 c. sugar
1 (3oz.) pkg. cream cheese, softened
1 Tbsp ground cinnamon
1 Tbsp. vanilla extract
8 egg yolks
2 large eggs
BROWN SUGAR STREUSEL
2/3 c. all-purpose flour
1/3 c. firmly packed brown sugar
1/2 tsp. ground cinnamon
1/8 tsp. salt
1/4 c. cold butter, cubed
1/2 c. chopped pecans

Directions:
Bake cinnamon rolls according to package directions.  Remove from oven and set aside to cool.  Do not ice rolls, reserve icing.
Once rolls are completely cooled, poke holes into rolls at 1/2-inch intervals with a skewer.
Spray a 9-inch square baking dish with cooking spray.  Place rolls standing upright into prepared dish in 3 rows.
In a large saucepan, combine half-and-half and next 5 ingredients.  Cook over medium high heat, whisking constantly until mixture begins to boil.  Remove from heat.
In a medium bowl, whisk together egg yolks and eggs.  Add about 1/2 cup. hot half-and-half mixture to eggs, whisking constantly.  Add egg mixture to pan, whisking to combine; strain mixture through fine-mesh sieve, discarding solids.  Pour mixture over rolls, cover and refrigerate for at least 6 hours or overnight.
Preheat oven to 350F.  Let casserole stand at room temperature for 30 minutes.
In a small bowl, combine flour brown sugar, cinnamon and salt.  Using a pastry blender cut in butter until mixture is crumbly.  Stir in pecans. (can be covered and stored in the refrigerator for up to 3 days)
Sprinkle BROWN SUGAR STREUSEL over top of casserole.
Cover with foil and bake for 20 minutes.  Remove foil and bake 10-15 minutes more or until streusel is golden brown.
Meanwhile, place reserved icing in a microwave-safe bowl.  Microwave on HIGH for 10-15 seconds or until slightly melted.  Drizzle icing over casserole.  Serve  warm.

Submitter: 
Dawn Eberly Wampler
Description: 
This recipe is from Easy & Delicious Breakfast recipes put out by Hoffman Media Publications
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
8 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
