URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64369984/chicken-bacon-ranch-pizza-with-white-garlic-sauce/
Title:
Chicken Bacon Ranch Pizza with White Garlic Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2173791.jpg
Ingredients:
White crust:
1 tbsp cornmeal
2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour
3 1/2 tsp quick-rising dry yeast
1 1/2 tsp sugar
3/4 tsp salt
1 cup very warm water
1 1/2 tbsp vegetable oil
White garlic sauce:
1 whole chicken breast, filleted and finely chopped
Olive oil
3 tbsp butter, divided
Salt
Pepper
Garlic powder
3 tbsp flour
1 1/4 cups milk
2-4 garlic cloves
2 tbsp fresh or 2 tsp dried basil
1/2 cup shredded or grated Parmesan cheese
1 whole skinless boneless chicken breast (about one pound)
1/2 pound sliced bacon
1 - 1 1/2 cups chopped tomatoes
1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese
1 cup shredded cheddar cheese
1/4 cup chopped green onions
Prepared ranch dressing

Directions:
Combine flour, yeast, sugar, and salt in a mixing bowl. Add oil and 3/4 cup of the water, and start a dough hook on low. As the mixture combines, determine if the last 1/4 cup of the water is needed to incorporate all of the ingredients. Once everything is combined, allow the hook to knead the dough for 4-5 minutes, until smooth and elastic. Cover; let rest for at least 10 minutes in a warm area.
Before you start your sauce, preheat oven to 425°F. Lay 1/2 pound of bacon in strips on a cooling rack placed onto a cookie sheet. When oven is ready, place bacon in the oven for 12-14 minutes; let rest before finely chopping.
Coat a large cast iron skillet or other large skillet in olive oil over medium heat; melt 1 tbsp butter in pan. Season chicken with salt, pepper, and garlic powder, and add chicken to pan. Cook chicken until browned and no longer pink in the center; set aside. Add remaining butter to pan chicken was cooked in, and scrape up brown bits until butter melts. Slowly whisk in flour until no lumps remain. Gradually whisk in milk. Add salt, pepper, garlic, and basil. Mix in Parmesan cheese and mix until cheese has melted. If sauce seems too thick, whisk in more milk, as sauce will thicken as it stands. Remove from heat.
While chicken is cooking, sprinkle flat baking stone with cornmeal. Place dough in center of stone; roll within 1 inch of edge. Bake in preheated oven for 5 minutes.
Remove crust from oven and spread garlic sauce on crust to within 1/2 or 1/4 inch of edge. Sprinkle the bacon over the sauce, followed by the cooked chicken, then the cheeses. Sprinkle tomatoes over the cheese, and place in oven for another 10 - 15 minutes, turning at 10 minutes. Sprinkle green onions and drizzle ranch dressing over pizza before serving.

Submitter: 
Sabrina Gogerty
Description: 
Yummy garlic sauce and tangy ranch with salty bacon create a satisfying pizza!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
