URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64368479/chicken-enchiladas-with-mole-sauce/
Title:
Chicken Enchiladas With Mole Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup clarified butter
5 onion, sliced
12 cloves garlic, sliced
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon ground cumin
6 poblano peppers, seeded and thinly sliced
2 Anaheim peppers, seeded and thinly sliced
20 # skinless, boneless chicken thighs, cut into chunks
4 quarts chicken broth
2 cups chicken broth
12 dried guajillo chiles, stemmed and seeded
12 dried ancho chiles, stemmed and seeded
1 corn tortilla, cut into 1-inch strips
10 tomatoes, cut in half crosswise
20 tomatillos, cut in half crosswise
1/2 cup clarified butter
1/2 onion, sliced
5 cloves garlic, sliced
2 teaspoons cumin seeds
12 cups chicken broth
Kosher salt to taste
2 tablespoons white sugar, or more to taste
12 ounces dark chocolate, coarsely chopped
144 corn tortillas
A bunch of fresh cilantro, coarsely chopped
6 cups crumbled queso fresco

Directions:
Roast tomatillos in oven @ 475 degrees until deep brown.
In a separate brazing pan saute and reduce toasting to a light brown. Deglaze pan with a little bit of white wine to remove fond.
Add chicken broth, bring to boil.
Add guajillo and ancho chiles, (remove seeds and stems)
Add in cumin, salt.
Remove chicken after simmering for 30 minutes.  Place on sheet pan, cool in refrigerator.  When cool, slice/dice/chop chicken for later use.
Continue to simmer chicken and peppers to reduce/reduce/reduce.
In a large frying pan saute sliced onions, poblano and Anaheim peppers until soft and golden brown.
Add chocolate, sugar and about 12 tortillas to the simmering liquid. Add in roasted tomatillos. Remove 1/2 the peppers, set aside.  Using a blending stick or blender, puree the sauce and refine it to a smooth consistency.  Taste for salt, heat and black pepper, add each as needed.
The mole sauce should be slightly thick, but not too thick sauce and should be dark from the peppers and chocolate.
To assemble, take a corn torilla, add chicken, spoon in onions and peppers, close, cover with mole sauce and sprinkle queso fresco and finish with a pinch of fresh cilantro

Submitter: 
Ed Price
Description: 
These authentic chicken enchiladas with mole sauce were inspired by a dish served at Seattle's La Carta De Oaxaca restaurant. Chocolate and dried chiles make a rich and flavorful sauce that tops the moist and tender chicken enchiladas.Modified from: Chicken Enchiladas With Mole Sauce
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 55 m
Number of servings: 
72
Nutritional Facts:
NA
