URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64365093/lentil-no-meatballs/
Title:
Lentil “No-Meat”balls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups Water
1 teaspoon Salt
1 cup Dry Lentils
1 cup Quick Cooking Oats
2 Eggs
3 cloves Small Cloves Of Garlic, Finely Chopped
2 Tablespoons Parsley, Preferably Fresh
2 teaspoons Oregano
2 teaspoons Basil
½ teaspoons Salt
¼ Tablespoons Black Pepper
¼ cups Grated Parmesan Cheese
½ cups Italian Bread Crumbs
Olive Oil, Enough To Cover The Bottom Of Your Frying Pan

Directions:
Add salt to water on a medium-sized saucepan. Bring water to a boil. Add lentils and simmer, covered, for 25-30 minutes or until lentils are soft and most of the water is evaporated. Remove from heat.
Partially mash lentils in a mixing bowl. Stir in oats.
Add eggs, garlic, and spices and mix to combine. Add cheese and bread crumbs and mix until you have a slightly sticky mixture that will stay together in a ball but not completely stick to your hands. Some of the ingredients may need to be adjusted to your liking (i.e. if too sticky, add some more bread crumbs). I did have to estimate for some of the measurements since this is a family recipe that doesn’t use measuring!
Once mixture is combined, roll it into balls in the size of your choosing. Pour a thin layer of olive oil into a large pan and allow it to heat over medium heat. Once oil is hot add in meatballs, turning often so they brown evenly. Once they are more of a toasty brown with a slight hardness on the surface, they are done. This should take about 15-20 minutes.
Allow meatballs to cool on a plate that you’ve lined with a paper towel (to remove excess grease). Enjoy in pasta or by themselves with a little salt! Delicious right out of the fridge as well!

Submitter: 
goodeats
Description: 
A vegetarian take on a classic meatball recipe.  From TastyKitchen.com
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
