URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64361113/mushroom-seitan-roast/
Title:
Mushroom Seitan Roast Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
10 medium mushrooms, regular, crimini, or baby bella
2 1/4 cups vital wheat gluten
1/2 cup rolled oats (old fashioned oatmeal) or quinoa flakes
1/4 cup nutritional yeast
1 teaspoon dried thyme
1 teaspoon rubbed sage
1/2 teaspoon onion powder
1/4 teaspoon hickory smoked salt (optional)
freshly ground black pepper
1 1/2 cups vegetable broth, room temperature
2 tablespoons soy sauce
2 cloves garlic, peeled
1 tablespoon tahini or other nut butter

Directions:
Wash and dry the mushrooms. Place them in a food processor fitted with the chopping blade and pulse until they are finely chopped. Set aside
Combine in a mixing bowl: gluten, oats or quinoa flakes, nutritional yeast, thyme, sage, onion powder, smoked salt, and a generous grating of black pepper. Mix well to distribute all ingredients evenly.
Place the broth, soy sauce, garlic, and nut butter in blender and blend until smooth.
Add the contents of the blender and the mushrooms to the dry mix and stir until combined. Once it becomes hard to stir, use your hands to knead the ingredients together, making sure that all the dry mix is moistened. Shape into a ball and set aside.
Preheat oven to 400 F. Cut two 20-inch pieces of aluminum foil. Place them on the counter with one overlapping the other horizontally by about half its width. You should have a surface of foil about 20 inches wide by 20 inches deep. Cut a piece of parchment paper about 20 inches long and place it over the aluminum foil with the bottom edges even. Put the uncooked seitan in the middle of the parchment, and shape it into a loaf about 9-10 inches long. Fold the short ends over the seitan and then bring the long edge closest to you over and roll it up. Place it on a baking sheet with the edge of the foil down.
Bake for 25 minutes. Turn over carefully and bake for another 25 minutes. Turn again and bake for another 20-30 minutes. Seitan should feel firm and not jiggly. You can test for doneness by cutting into the middle and making sure that it is firm and not dough-like. If necessary, give it more time.
Remove from oven and allow to cool for a few minutes before slicing. Keep leftovers tightly covered to prevent them from drying out.

Submitter: 
Wilma Laura Wiggins
Description: 
Seitan roast for dinner and leftovers for sandwiches.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
2 hrs
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
