URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64361714/panna-cotta-with-raspberry-sauce/
Title:
Panna Cotta With Raspberry Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
* 1 1/2 quarts heavy cream
* 1/2 quart whole milk
* 3/4 cup sugar
* 1 teaspoon vanilla extract
* 7 teaspoons powdered gelatin unflavored
Raspberry Sauce:
* 1 pint fresh raspberries
* 1/4 cup white sugar
* 2 Tablespoons cornstarch
* 1 cup cold water

Directions:
1) In a saucepan add the heavy cream, milk, sugar, vanilla extract. Stir well.
2) Sprinkle the powdered gelatin evenly over top. Let soften for 5 minutes or until the surface of the milk is wrinkled and the gelatin grains look wet and slightly dissolved.
3) Dissolve the gelatin over low heat. Set the saucepan over low heat and warm the milk gently stirring frequently. The milk should never boil or simmer; if you see steam remove the pot from the stove and let it cool down. The milk should get hot, but not so hot that you can't leave your finger in the pot for a few seconds. The gelatin will dissolve quickly as the milk warms.
4) Check to make sure the gelatin is dissolved. After 2 minutes of warming, rub a bit of the milk between your fingers to make sure it's smooth or dip a spoon in the milk and check the back for distinct grains of gelatin.
5) Dissolve the sugar, stir the sugar into the milk and continue warming until it dissolves as well. It shouldn't take more than 5 minutes total to dissolve both the gelatin and the sugar. Don't let mixture boil.
6) Divide mixture evenly into the ramekins and chill. If serving straight from the cups without unmolding, chill for 1 to 2 hours. If you want to unmold the panna cotta, chill for at least 4 hours.
7) To unmold panna cotta wipe a hot damp paper towel around the outside of the Ramekin, then take a knife  and run it around the sides of the container to release the panna cotta onto a plate.
Raspberry Sauce:
1) Combine the raspberries (Reserving some for garnishing the panna cotta)and sugar in a saucepan. Whisk the cornstarch into the cold water until smooth. Add the mixture to the saucepan an bring to a boil.
2) Simmer for about 5 minutes, stirring constantly, until desired consistency is reached.

Submitter: 
franny
Description: 
A delicious Italian dish, I first tried at Carrabba's.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
