URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64363492/irish-corned-cabbage-and-potatoes/
Title:
Irish Corned Cabbage and Potatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 cups water
1/4 cup reduced-sodium tamari or soy sauce
4 garlic cloves, crushed
2 tablespoons packed brown sugar
2 1/2 teaspoons sea salt
1 tablespoon paprika
3 tablespoons pickling spice
1 teaspoon red pepper flakes
1 teaspoon fresh or dried thyme
6-8 small to medium waxy potatoes, halved
4 carrots, peeled and cut into thirds
8 small onions or shallots, peeled but left whole
1 medium head savoy or green cabbage, cut into 8 wedges through the root
1/2 pound green beans, trimmed opt
1/2 cup vegan mayonnaise
2 tablespoons drained prepared horseradish
1 teaspoon sugar

Directions:
Combine the water, tamari, garlic, brown sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, and paprika in a large saucepan. Wrap the pickling spice, red pepper flakes, and thyme in a small muslin bag or in several layers of cheesecloth. This will make the removal of all the seeds and spices easy. Add the spice bag to the broth and bring to a boil.
Arrange the potatoes on the bottom of the saucepan, making sure the spice bag is submerged in the broth. Arrange the carrots, onions, and cabbage on top of the potatoes. Cover the pot and bring to a boil again, then reduce to a strong simmer and cook until the vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes.
Uncover, arrange the green beans (if using) on top of the cabbage, cover again, and cook until the beans are crisp-tender, about 5 minutes.
In a small bowl, combine the mayonnaise, horseradish, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and sugar.
To serve, place the vegetables on a plate and top with the horseradish sauce and a few tablespoons of the cooking broth.

Submitter: 
Wilma Laura Wiggins
Description: 
I won't miss the beef in this corned cabbage dish.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
3
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
40 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
