URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64363262/broccoli-quesadillas/
Title:
Broccoli Quesadillas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup broccoli, cooked and chopped, room temperature
1 cup mozzarella, shredded
1/4 cup corn kernels
1/4 tsp garlic powder
4 flour tortillas (10 inches), room temperature
Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste
2 tbsp olive oil

Directions:
Steam the broccoli in the microwave for 7-10 minutes or blanch them cook them on the stove in a large pot of boiling water. Add one teaspoon of salt. Add the broccoli florets and cook until crisp-tender for about 2 minutes. Remove the broccoli and place in a bowl with ice water. Drain and chop the broccoli. Preheat the oven to 350.
Combine broccoli with cheese, corn and garlic powder. Add salt and pepper. Divide mixture in four, for each tortilla. Add the mixture on one half of the tortillas, and fold it with the other half.
Add filled tortillas to a baking sheet lined with parchment paper or foil. Bake at 350 for 20 minutes. Or cook on the stove in a pan by heating one tablespoon of oil in a large frying pan over medium heat until hot, about 3 minutes. Carefully add two folded tortillas and cook on each side for several minutes until the bottom of tortilla is golden. Flip and cook on the other side too, cheese should be melted and the tortillas gold and crisp. Repeat this step with the other two.
Remove from pan and slice into wedges. Serve hot or warm.

Submitter: 
jamanleyx
Description: 
For everybody who love broccoli or for those who want to include it in their diet this is one great way to prepare it. Broccoli Quesadillas are a perfect way to use any leftover cooked broccoli or you can just cook the broccoli for this recipe, might be even better. It takes only few minutes to prepare and the final dish is healthy, delicious and tempting, perfect for lunch or dinner. This recipe is versatile and forgiving.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
25 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
