URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64362237/irish-cream-cheesecake-w-chocolate-and-a-hint-of-mint/
Title:
Irish Cream Cheesecake w/ Chocolate and a hint of Mint Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2150514.jpg
Ingredients:
Crust
1 package (7 ounce) of Pepperidge Farm Milano Mint Cookies, crushed into very small pieces. Small cookie chucks are great…
2 tablespoons melted butter
Filling
3 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese
1 cup white sugar
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 cup sour cream
1/3 cup Bailey’s Irish cream liqueur, or equivalent
4 eggs
Topping
6 ounces semi-sweet chocolate chips
2 TBS butter or hard margarine
3/8 Bailey’s Irish cream liqueur

Directions:
1. Heat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees). Pour a little glass of Bailey’s.
2. Grease the bottom of your 9” springform pan.
3. Mix together cookie crumbs and melted butter. Press this crumb mixture into bottom of pan.
4. Bake the crust at 350 degrees F (175 degrees) until lightly brown - about 8 minutes. Transfer crust to cooling rack. Maintain oven temperature. Sip some Bailey’s.
5. Using an electric mixer, beat cream cheese, 1 cup sugar and 2 tsp vanilla in large bowl until blended. Beat in 1 cup sour cream and 1/3 cup liqueur. Add eggs one at a time, beating just until combined.
6. Carefully grease sides of springform pan, trying to avoid disrupting your crust.
7. Pour filling over crust in pan.
8. Bake until edges are puffed, and center no longer moves when pan is shaken, about 45 minutes to 1 hour. Sip some Bailey’s.
9. Transfer cheesecake to cooling rack to cool. Carefully release and remove the pan from cheesecake.
10. Refrigerate 3-4 hours. Sip some Bailey’s.
11. Time to make the topping! Melt topping ingredients together till smooth and blended. This can be done over low heat in a saucepan, in the microwave or double boiler.
12. Remove cheesecake from refrigerator, cut and transfer slices to serving dish, with a bit of spacing in-between slices.
13. Drizzle the topping over the slices and place cheesecake back into the refrigerator briefly to allow the topping to set. Sip some Bailey’s.
14. Serve with Bailey’s, coffee, tea, or whatever!

Submitter: 
Joel
Description: 
This really is a simple cheesecake!
I have a lot of steps listed… not because it’s a complicated recipe, but because many people who post recipes assume we know the tricks of cooking. So I’ve added things here that I have found helpful. I use Bailey’s Irish Cream, but any whiskey-based liquor will give the same results. However, the wine-based typically have less alcohol content, so I can’t comment on those.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
5 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
