URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64364141/ultimate-vegan-lentil-walnut-loaf-w-sweet-glaze/
Title:
Ultimate Vegan Lentil Walnut Loaf w Sweet Glaze Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup dry green lentils
3 cups vegetable broth
3 TBS ground flax seed
1/2 cup warm water
3 garlic cloves, minced
1 cup sweet onion, diced
1 celery stalk or green onion, chopped finely (optional)
1 medium carrot, grated
1/3 of an apple, peeled, grated (makes 1/3 cup grated apple)
1/4 cup raisins
3/4 cup toasted walnuts, roughly chopped
1 tsp kosher salt
Freshly ground black pepper, to taste
1 tsp dried thyme
1/2 cup regular oats, ground into a flour (use GF oats for gluten-free option)
1 tbsp ground flax seed
3/4 cup breadcrumbs (I used 2 slices of Ezekiel bread, lightly toasted, and processed in food processor) Use GF breadcrumbs for gluten-free
Sweet Glaze
2 Tbsp ketchup
1 Tbsp Balsamic vinegar
1 Tbsp maple syrup
1 Tbsp apple butter

Directions:
Cook lentils in 3 c water flavored with broth seasoning or use broth just until tender. Set aside.
Preheat oven to 350 F and line a loaf pan with parchment so that parchment paper hangs over the edges by 2 inches.
Toast walnuts at 350F for about 6 minutes and then set aside to cool.
Mix 3 tbsp of ground flax with 1/2 cup warm water and stir well. Set aside for at least 5-10 minutes so it can gel up.
In a large skillet over medium heat, sauté onion and minced garlic for about 5 minutes on low-medium heat, being careful not to burn. After the onions are tender, add carrot and sauté for 2-3 minutes over low heat. Add grated apple, raisins, and chopped walnuts and sauté another minute or two.  Add thyme, salt, and pepper to taste. Remove from heat and set aside.
Once the lentils are cooled, take 75% of the lentils and place into food processor. Process until mostly smooth (some small lentils will remain!). Now take the processed lentils and scoop into a large bowl. Add in the remaining 25% of non-processed lentils and place into bowl. Add the breadcrumbs, flax egg, veggie mixture, oat flour, and ground flax seed. Stir well with a spoon and then remove the spoon and mix well with your hands, pressing it through your fingers. Taste and adjust seasonings if necessary.
Press very firmly into prepared pan.
In small bowl combine all glaze ingredients.  Spread evenly over loaf and bake, uncovered 45 minutes.
Cool for about 10-15 minutes and serve.

Submitter: 
Wilma Laura Wiggins
Description: 
Popular lentil loaf.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
