URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64365542/chicken-asparagus-roll-ups/
Title:
Chicken Asparagus Roll-Ups Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup mayonnaise
1 lemon, juiced and zested
2 teaspoons dried tarragon
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/2 teaspoon salt
16 spears fresh asparagus, trimmed
4 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
4 slices Swiss cheese
4 slices deli ham
1 cup panko bread crumbs
Fresh parmesan

Directions:
Preheat oven to 475 degrees F (245 degrees C). Grease a baking dish. In a bowl, mix together the mayonnaise, lemon juice, lemon zest, tarragon, salt, and pepper until the mixture is well combined. Set aside.
Cook asparagus water 2 minutes and transfer to ice bath. Set the asparagus spears aside. Place a chicken breast between two sheets of heavy plastic (resealable freezer bags work well) on a solid, level surface. Firmly pound the chicken breast with the smooth side of a meat mallet to a thickness of about 1/4 inch. Repeat with the rest of the chicken breasts.
Place 1 slice of swiss and 1 slice of ham on each chicken breast, and top the cheese with 3-4 asparagus spears per breast. Roll the chicken breasts around the asparagus and cheese, making a tidy package, and place, seam sides down, in the prepared baking dish. With a pastry brush, apply a coating of the mayonnaise mixture to each chicken breast, and sprinkle each with panko crumbs, pressing the crumbs into the chicken to make a coating. Sprinkle with fresh parmesan cheese.
Bake in the preheated oven until the crumbs are browned and the chicken juices run clear, about 25 minutes.

Submitter: 
Elizabeth
Description: 
Boneless chicken breasts are rolled around fresh asparagus spears and provolone cheese, then given a Dijon mustard flavored coating and a topping of crisp panko bread crumbs. The dish is baked in a hot oven.Modified from: Chicken Asparagus Roll-Ups
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
