URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64369601/peanut-butter-rice-krispie-treat-eggs/
Title:
Peanut Butter Rice Krispie Treat Eggs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the yolk:
2 tablespoons softened butter
1 cup powdered sugar
2 tablespoons corn syrup
1/2 tsp vanilla extract
pinch salt
yellow food coloring
For the krispie treats:
6 tablespoons butter, softened
10 ounces marshmallows
1/2 cup peanut butter
6 cups rice krispies
1/4 tsp kosher salt
12 ounces bittersweet or semi-sweet chocolate chips

Directions:
1. For the “yolk”:
Combine all the ingredients along with a pinch of salt in a bowl and mix well. The amount of food coloring is based on your preference but I like to be sure that it’s a bright yellow so it really stands out against the rice krispie treat surrounding it.
Refrigerate this mixture for at least 30 minutes.
2. While the “yolk” mixture firms up make the rice krispie treats.
3. For the peanut butter rice krispie treat:
In a large saucepan or dutch oven boil the butter until it appears golden and smells nutty, about 5 minutes over medium-high heat.
4.Reduce the heat to medium-low then add the marshmallows and peanut butter. Stir constantly until everything is melted.
5. Remove the pan from the heat and add the rice krispies and salt. Stir well to combine.
Set this aside to cool slightly.
6. While the rice krispie treats are cooling, remove the “yolk” mixture from the fridge. Scoop roughly 1/2 teaspoon portions and roll into little balls. They should be about gumball size.
Place the “yolks” onto a plate and stick into the freezer to firm up for at least 10 minutes.
7. Scoop roughly 1/3 cup of the peanut butter rice krispie mixture and form a 2-inch circle in your hand. Press an indentation in the middle with your finger and rest a yolk in the middle. Wrap the krispie treat around the yolk and squeeze very tightly forming an egg shape as you squeeze. The harder you squeeze the more uniform the egg will be.
Set the “eggs” on a plate and return them to the refrigerator to firm up for 15 minutes.
8. While the eggs set melt the chocolate.
9. Use two forks to dip the eggs into the chocolate. Return the chocolate covered eggs into the refrigerator to set up the chocolate.

Submitter: 
Ashley Baron Rodriguez
Description: 
Move over creme eggs, there’s a new Easter treat that is sure to become as iconic as your creamy center. 
A crisp peanut butter rice krispie treat surrounds a surprising candy “yolk” center while the sweetness is offset with an eggshell made up of dark chocolate. Of course if you’d like the treats to look more egg-like you could cover them in white chocolate. You can also use your favorite rice krispie treat recipe in place of the one here.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h 30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
