URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64369989/lasagna-roll-ups/
Title:
Lasagna Roll-Ups Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon unsalted butter
1 teaspoon extra virgin olive oil
2 garlic cloves, minced
1/2 of a medium yellow onion, finely diced
1/2 of a large red bell pepper, diced
2 small zucchini, chopped
28 ounce can diced tomatoes
8 ounces tomato sauce, Italian style
1 teaspoon dried basil
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano
1/2 teaspoon sugar
pinch of red pepper flakes
salt and pepper to taste
1/2 lb. ground beef, browned and crumbled
10 traditional lasagna noodles, cooked, drained and rinsed with cold water
1 egg, lightly beaten
15 ounces part-skim ricotta cheese
8 ounce block of mozzarella cheese, shredded
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley
1/4 teaspoon pepper
3 ounces sliced pepperoni (50-60 slices)

Directions:
For the Sauce: In a large pan over medium-low heat, heat the butter and olive oil until the butter is melted. Add the onion and red bell pepper and saute until tender, about five minutes. Add in the zucchini and garlic and saute until zucchini is browned. Stir in tomatoes, tomato sauce, basil, oregano, sugar, and red pepper flakes. Bring the sauce to a boil and then reduce heat to low. Place a cover on the pan, tilted slightly to let some steam out.
Simmer for 15 minutes. Cool slightly. With an immersion blender, CAREFULLY blend until sauce has desired texture.  Add the ground beef and set aside (store in fridge unless using immediately).
For the Lasagna Rolls: Preheat oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit. Cook noodles according to directions on package -- once cooked, drain and rinse with cold water and lay out on sheets of wax paper so they don't stick together.
Spray a baking dish with nonstick cooking spray and spread 1/2 - 1 cup of sauce into the bottom of the pan. Set aside.
Meanwhile, prepare filling in a large bowl by mixing beaten egg, ricotta cheese, 1 cup mozzarella,  Parmesan cheese, parsley and pepper until well combined.
To prepare lasagna rolls, lay out one lasagna noodle and spread it with about 2 tablespoons of cheese filling. Lay out 5-6 pepperoni on top of cheese filling. Roll up each noodle starting at one of the short ends. Place in prepared baking dish, seam side down. Repeat until all noodles have been filed and rolled. If you have any filling leftover, spoon it out onto each lasagna roll. Pour remaining sauce over the rolls and top with the remaining shredded cheese.
Cover baking dish with foil and bake for 45-50 minutes (remove foil for last 10-15 minutes) or until hot and cheese is melted. Let stand about 10 minutes prior to servin

Submitter: 
Sabrina Gogerty
Description: 
If you're looking for something new for pasta night, this might be right up your alley.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
