URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64365696/pineapple-coconut-loaf-cake/
Title:
Pineapple Coconut Loaf Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2163150.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup crushed pineapple, drained and juice reserved
1/2 cup butter, softened
1/2 cup sugar
2 large eggs
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1/2 tsp. coconut extract
1 cup Yogurt
1 1/2 cups flour
1/2 tsp. baking soda
1/2 tsp. baking powder
1/4 tsp. salt
1 cup sweetened flaked coconut
Glaze:
1 cup powdered sugar
4-5 Tablespoon of the reserved pineapple juice
Topping:
1/2 cup toasted coconut (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350f degrees.
Grease and flour a 9x5 inch loaf pan
Drain pineapple over a bowl in a fine mesh sieve. Reserve the juice for the glaze.
Meanwhile, cream butter with sugar until light and fluffy. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating after each addition and scraping down the sides and bottom of the bowl. Stir in extracts and yogurt.
In a separate bowl, sift flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt.
Fold flour mixture into the wet ingredients until almost combined. Then add the pineapple and coconut and continue folding until just combined.
Spoon batter into the prepared loaf pan and bake in the center of the oven for 55-60 minutes. A toothpick inserted will be clean or have dry crumbles when done.
Cool in the pan for 20 minutes, then remove loaf and finish cooling on a wire rack.
Mix powdered sugar with pineapple juice, adding a tablespoon of juice at a time until it's reaches your desired consistency.
Pour the glaze over the cooled loaf cake, and top with toasted coconut if desired.

Submitter: 
WestCoastMom
Description: 
This is a perfect Springtime loaf, or to dull the Wintertime blues! My son absolutely loves this loaf, but he would never touch fresh pineapple, even my coconut hating husband loves it! I often have flavoured yogurt and use that, lemon, lime, pineapple, mango or vanilla flavored yogurt all work great in this too! For extra zing, add some lime zest to the loaf and use the juice in the glaze instead, yum!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
