URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64363234/fudgy-espresso-brownies/
Title:
Fudgy Espresso Brownies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2153762.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup Butter, softened
10 ounces of bittersweet or semi-sweet chocolate
3 eggs
1 tablespoon Espresso powder
1 tablespoon Vanilla extract
1 cup Sugar
1 cup Flour
2 tsp. baking powder
1/2 tsp. salt
1 cup semi-sweet pure chocolate chips
1 tablespoon flour
Espresso-Irish Cream Icing (optional)
1/2 cup butter, softened
1/4 cup of Irish Cream Liquor or heavy cream
1/2 tsp vanilla extract
2-3 tsp of espresso or strong brewed coffee, chilled
2-3 cups of powdered sugar

Directions:
Grease and flour a 9x13 inch pan or 10x15 inch jelly roll pan.
Preheat oven to 350f degrees.
Melt butter and 1 1/2 cups of chocolate chips over a double boiler. Once the butter starts to melt, continue stirring until almost all the chips are melted. Remove from heat and continue stirring, the residual heat should finish melting the rest of the chips. Once melted, set aside.
In another bowl stir eggs, espresso powder, vanilla and sugar together with a wooden spoon. Do not beat.
Slowly pour the warm chocolate into the egg mixture and stir to combine.
In a medium bowl sift 1 cup of flour with baking powder and salt. Stir 1 cup of chocolate chips into the flour mixture. Then fold flour and chocolate chips into chocolate mixture, stirring just to combined careful not to over mix the batter.
Pour batter into prepared pan. Bang the pan on the counter top a few times to release any air bubbles. You can use a toothpick to help pop any air bubbles that have risen to the top.
Bake in the center of the oven for 30-35 minutes. Rotating the pan half way through baking. A toothpick should come out clean when done, but be careful not to over bake. I like it a little fudgy in the center still as it will will continue to cook once you take it out of the oven.
Let it cool in the pan completely before frosting or cutting it.
While cooling, start on the Icing.
Beat the softened butter until light and fluffy, add in vanilla, Irish cream (or heavy cream) and 2 cups of powdered sugar. Scraping down the sides and bottom of the bowl frequently. Alternate adding coffee with remaining 1 cup of powdered sugar until your desired consistency is reached. Spread onto cooled brownies and cut into squares or bite size pieces.

Submitter: 
WestCoastMom
Description: 
This is my closely guarded fudgy brownie recipe. The brownies are super delicious without the icing,but the Espresso icing with Irish cream is a decadent treat that's great around the holidays or St.Patrick's Day! If you love nuts, this is great with walnuts or pecans too. Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
18
Nutritional Facts:
NA
