URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64379631/decadent-trifle/
Title:
Decadent trifle Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 box (18 oz) brownie mix
2 small boxes (1.4 oz) sugar free chocolate pudding mix
1 tub (10 oz) sugar free cool whip, thawed
1 tsp vanilla extract
Fudge sauce:
3/4 cup semi sweet chocolate chips or baking chocolate
1/4 cup milk chocolate chips or baking chocolate
1 tsp vanilla extract
1/4 cup almond milk

Directions:
1. Prepare brownie mix according to directions. When it is removed from the oven, immediately use a spoon and remove it from the baking pan to another bowl. The brownie should be in small pieces and crumbled.
2. In a small saucepan or pot, melt chocolate chips over low heat stirring often. Once it is smooth, add vanilla. Add the almond milk half at a time stirring it in completely before adding the rest.
3. Add half of the fudge to the brownie pieces stirring them into a sticky mixture. Set aside.
4. Prepare pudding mix according to directions. Once made, set aside in the refrigerator.
5. Place cool whip in a bowl with the vanilla extract and mix together with a whisk or beater. Set aside
6. Once the brownie mixture has cooled slightly, spoon about 1/3 of it into a deep round dish. Press the brownie mixture down with your fingers until it is flat. You may need to add a little more of it if necessary.
7. Take the cool whip mixture and spread about 1/6-1/4 of it on top of the brownie base with a rubber spatula.
8. Take the pudding and spread on top of the cool whip layer.
9. Repeat steps 6-8 until there is no more pudding, cool whip, or brownie left. (To make flat brownie circles, take more of the brownie mixture and press into a circle on wax paper. Wait for it to cool then place in the trifle.)
10. Top with the rest of the fudge sauce.
11. Place the trifle overnight in the refrigerator before serving.

Submitter: 
Sarah
Description: 
I took a base recipe and made it my own by adding fudge and using sugar free ingredients.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
about 10 m
Ready in:
8 + h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
