URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64370333/old-fashioned-macaroni-tomato-and-cheese-bake/
Title:
Old-Fashioned Macaroni, Tomato, and Cheese Bake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 cups elbow macaroni
3 tablespoons butter, melted
2 cups shredded sharp Cheddar cheese
1 (14.5 ounce) can petite diced tomatoes in juice
3 large eggs
2 1/2 cups milk
1 (4 ounce) package cream cheese, softened
1/3 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1 teaspoon brown mustard
2 dashes hot sauce (such as Tabasco®)
1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon paprika, or to taste

Directions:
Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Prepare an 13x9 baking dish with cooking spray.
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat. Once the water is boiling, stir in the macaroni, and return to a boil. Cook the pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the pasta has cooked through, but is still firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Drain well in a colander set in the sink. Pour into the prepared baking dish and add the butter, Cheddar cheese, and diced tomatoes; stir.
Combine the eggs, milk, cream cheese, Parmesan cheese, brown mustard, hot sauce, parsley, nutmeg, pepper, and salt in a food processor; pulse until smooth; pour over the macaroni. Sprinkle paprika over everything.
Bake in the preheated oven until the middle is set, 45 to 50 minutes.

Submitter: 
Alta Nesbitt Rees Sieker
Description: 
This is a simple and inexpensive version of an old-country style dish just like grandma used to bake. It really takes you back a few decades. Macaroni, sharp Cheddar cheese, and petite diced tomatoes are combined with herbs and spices for a delicious old-fashioned favorite.Modified from: Old-Fashioned Macaroni, Tomato, and Cheese Bake
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h 8 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
