URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64371254/marshmallow-pops/
Title:
Marshmallow Pops Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound chocolate or white chocolate almond bark (or both)
Blue candy melting wafers, for coating
Orange candy melting wafers, for coating
12 regular marshmallows
1/2 cup chopped pecans
4 graham crackers, crumbled
Crushed chocolate sandwich cookies, such as Oreos, for topping
Assorted sprinkles such as blue, chocolate and rainbow, for topping
Read more at:

Directions:
pecial equipment: 12 lollipop sticks (sold in craft stores)
Melt the chocolate or white (or both) almond bark in a double boiler (melt them separately if using both). Next melt the blue and orange candy melting wafers separately in double boilers. Stir them all until they are nice and smooth. These will be your marshmallow coatings.
One by one, dip the very tip of each lollipop stick into one of the coatings. Then stick that end of the stick into a marshmallow until it's not quite all the way through. Repeat with the rest of the marshmallows, standing them up as you go.
Next, roll each marshmallow in the coating of your choice, and then tap the stick gently on the side of the double boiler to get rid of the excess. Using your fingers, sprinkle the topping of your choice all over the coating. For a rocky road version, dip in the chocolate and roll in the chopped pecans. For a s'more version, dip in the chocolate and roll in the graham cracker crumbs. For a cookies and cream version, dip in the white chocolate and roll in the crushed chocolate sandwich cookies.
Set the pops stick-side up on a piece of waxed paper, or stick them into florist foam that makes flowers stand up.
Recipe courtesy Ree Drummond
Read more at:

Submitter: 
Gina Lee Lafreniere
Description: 
ecipe courtesy of Ree Drummond
SHOW:
The Pioneer Woman
EPISODE:
Sweet Deliveries
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
35
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
