URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64374840/rolo-cheesecake/
Title:
Rolo Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
CHOCOLATE GRAHAM CRACKER CRUST:
1 stick unsalted butter, melted
2 cups chocolate graham cracker crumbs
CHEESECAKE
24 oz cream cheese, softened (leave out overnight to be sure it is thoroughly softened)
1/2 cup sugar
1/4 cups corn starch
2 eggs
1 teaspoon (or vanilla bean paste)
1/2 cup heavy cream
1 1/2 cup Rolo candy, divided

Directions:
GRAHAM CRACKER CRUST
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Add melted butter to chocolate graham cracker crumbs until wet and crumbly. Press crumb mixture into a 9" springform pan, being sure to press and taper the mixture up the sides about 1 inch.
Bake for 10 minutes. Remove from oven and set aside to cool.
CHEESECAKE:
In a large pot boil 8-12 quarts of water. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Wrap the outside of the spring-form pan in a double layer of plastic wrap and then a layer of aluminum foil. Make sure that the aluminum foil covers the plastic wrap. (This will help waterproof the pan.)
Mix cream cheese and sugar together in mixer until thinned and smooth. Add cornstarch and mix until incorporated.
Mix eggs & vanilla together then add to cheese batter but do not beat on high. It puts too much air into the batter and air will make your crust crack.
Stir in heavy cream then pour the cheesecake batter into the cooled crust. Evenly place 1 1/4 cup of the unwrapped Rolo's onto the top of the batter, push them down, then carefully smooth the cheesecake batter over the top of the Rolo's to make an even surface.
Place the spring-form pan into a roasting pan and fill the roasting pan half way with boiling water from the stove. Bake for 1 to 1 ¼ hours until the cake has set and starts to get a slight golden color. When the cheesecake is done remove it from the water bath and let it cool on a wire rack for 2 hours. Chill in fridge for 8 hours.
Before serving, remove spring-form ring and garnish with whipped cream, chocolate and caramel sauce drizzle, and the remaining 1/4 cup unwrapped Rolo's.

Submitter: 
Apron Appeal
Description: 
Cut the sugar from the original recipe by more than half and you have a delicious piece of cheesecake you can actually feel good about finishing!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
12 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
