URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64379588/chocolate-peanut-butter-mousse-bombes/
Title:
Chocolate Peanut Butter Mousse Bombes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8 oz low fat cream cheese, softened
1/4 chocolate syrup (I use Ghirardelli)
1/2 cup pure cane confectioners sugar
12 oz frozen Lite whipped topping, thawed
1/4 cup creamy peanut butter
1 1/2 teaspoons butter, softened
2 tablespoons pure cane confectioners sugar
2 teaspoons milk or cream
1/4 teaspoon vanilla
2 tablespoons chocolate sauce
10 miniature chocolate peanut butter cups, each cut into 6 pieces
2 tablespoons peanuts, chopped
chocolate syrup or caramel sauce (optional)

Directions:
Line 6 ramekins (6 ounce size) or custard cups with plastic wrap.
In mixing bowl, beat cream cheese and 1/4 cup chocolate syrup until well combined. Add 1/2 cup confectioners sugar, beating until light and fluffy. Fold in the thawed whipped topping; then the cut up peanut butter cups; put in frig to chill while you prepare the peanut butter filling. In another mixing bowl beat the peanut butter with the butter and vanilla. Add the 2 tablespoons confections sugar and beat in well. Add the milk, mixing in until a very soft consistency. Spoon the chocolate mousse into prepared ramekins to 3/4 full (Make sure to leave some of the mousse for spreading over the bombe filling). Using a small spatula or rounded tip knife make a rounded deep indentation in the center of each mousse cup, being sure not to go all the way to the bottom, leaving mousse about 1/4 to 1/2 inch thick on the bottom. The indentation/hole should be about 3/4 to 1 inch wide. Squeeze or spoon 1 teaspoonful of chocolate syrup into indentation. Using a rounded measuring teaspoon scoop 2 teaspoons of the peanut butter filling into indentation to fill it up. Using a spatula or back of a spoon and smooth the remaining mousse over the peanut butter filling to cover and seal. Cover each ramekin with plastic wrap and place on a tray in freezer for 4 to 6 hours until firm. A few hours before serving remove the plastic wrap covering, invert on individual serving plates, remove remaining plastic wrap. Place in frig for 2 hours to thaw. When ready to serve sprinkle each with chopped peanuts. If desired drizzle addition chocolate sauce over each one or caramel sauce.

Submitter: 
FunwithFood
Description: 
A spin on the elegant french bombe dessert, the classic flavors of chocolate and peanut butter are sure to please most everyone, adult and child alike! A fairly easy dessert to put together that presents as if you had spent 1/2 the day in the kitchen.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
6 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
