URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64372765/vegan-lasagna-rollups/
Title:
Vegan Lasagna Rollups Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 Box Lasagna Noodles
2 Jars Vegan Pasta Sauce - or ~6 Cups Homemade
8 oz Mushrooms, Button or Cremini
Spinach Ricotta
1 Block Firm Tofu, Pressed & Drained
2 Handfuls Fresh Spinach, 2-3 cups
½ Cup Nutritional Yeast
1 Tbsp Maple Syrup
1 tsp Lemon Juice
1 tsp Salt
1 tsp Garlic Powder
Dash of Pepper

Directions:
Bring a pot of water to a rolling boil.
Place the lasagna noodles (12-15 of them) into the pot, being sure not to let them break. Allow them to cook for 10-14 minutes, until malleable enough to roll. (Be sure to run them under cold water after they are done to prevent further cook and make it so you can roll them up without burning your hands!)
While the noodles are cooking, place all the ingredients for the Spinach Ricotta into a blender and combine well.
In a food processor, break the mushrooms down to your desired size - I did small ground meal like chunks. They are going to act like a ground meat in the sauce.
In a large baking dish, pour a thin layer of sauce to prevent the roll ups from sticking.
Mix the mushrooms with about ? of your sauce to create the filling.
To create the roll ups, spread a thin layer of the spinach ricotta, and a thin layer of the mushroom pasta sauce across ½-2/3 of one lasagna noodle. Roll it up and place them in the baking dish.
Repeat until you run out of filling - depending on how much filling you use in each one you can get 12-15 roll ups!
Cover the roll-ups in the dish with sauce, you don't have to use all the sauce - just make sure to use enough so the tops of the roll ups won't dry up in the oven.
Bake at 350 degrees for 25 minutes.

Submitter: 
Wilma Laura Wiggins
Description: 
Making a huge dish of lasagna roll ups means that I can freeze a few and throw the rest in the fridge to enjoy for the rest of the week – total win!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35 min
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
