URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64372634/hungarian-chicken-paprikash/
Title:
Hungarian Chicken Paprikash Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 Tbsp vegetable oil
1 onion, chopped
1 clove garlic, crushed
2 Tbsp sweet paprika
1/2 t poultry seasoning
1 pinch of ground cloves
3 tsp Lawry's seasoning salt
1 whole cut up chicken (with skin and bones)
Water
1 pt sour cream
FOR DUMPLINGS::
6-8 eggs
1 c water
4-6 c all purpose flour
1 tsp salt
1/4 c sour cream

Directions:
Place the oil, chopped onion and garlic in a big pot. Cook over medium/high heat until translucent.(you dont want them brown, just tender) Take off heat. Add the Paprika. Mix it well.
Put chicken parts in the pot, sprinkle with spices and brown slightly with the onion/paprika mixture.(do it in batches if you have to and add additional oil in small amounts if needed)
Add water to almost cover chicken. Bring to a boil.
Cover and simmer for 2 hours.
When the chicken is done,remove the chicken pieces to a colander to cool.
Put sour cream in a small bowl. Add hot broth a little at a time to heat up the sour cream 9this keeps it from curdling)
Slowly add the sour cream mixture back to the broth, stirring constantly to incorporate into the broth, but do not boil!
Before you serve, return the chicken pieces to the sauce and reheat (but don't boil!).
FOR THE DUMPLINGS:
Bring a large pot of water to a boil.
By hand, make a well in the flour, add eggs,water, sour cream and salt. Mix together and beat to form a soupy, satiny smooth batter (a little thicker than cake batter, but thinner than bread dough)--takes about 10 minutes to do it right.
When water is boiling, scrape the batter into the water a spoonful at a time. This is easier if you dip the spoon onto the boiling water,so the batter will not stick to the spoon.
After you scrape the dumplings into the boiling water, they should cook for about 7 minutes. When they rise to the surface, they are done.
Drain and add some of the sauce to the dumplings. This will keep them from sticking together!
Serve up a big helping of dumplings. Serve with the whole chicken pieces.

Submitter: 
Sudie B
Description: 
This is close to our friend Nancy's recipe, which is mostly in her head!  It was her grandmother's specialty.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
