URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64379246/low-fat-low-sugar-chocolate-cherry-fluff-pie/
Title:
Low Fat Low Sugar Chocolate Cherry Fluff Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 chocolate cookie crust (I used pre-made Oreo crust)
1 oz package Sugar Free Instant vanilla pudding
8 -10 squirts Kool-Aid liquid drink mix, cherry flavored, 0 calorie
1 cup fat free half n half or milk
20 oz can No Sugar Added Cherry pie filling
Chocolate syrup (I use Ghirardelli brand)
10 oz reduced fat frozen whipped topping, thawed (I use Truwhip the Natural, which is a bit higher in fat and sugar, but I like the taste much better)
Shaved or chocolate curls (optional for decorating top of pie, keeping in mind this will add additional fat and sugar))

Directions:
Pick out all the cherries in the pie filling, trying to take along as little of the thickened sauce with them (too much of the sauce may cause the crust to become soggy). Line the bottom of the cookie crust with the cherries in a sigle layer to cover bottom as completely as possible. In a bowl mix together the half n half and the Kool-Aid, adding squirts of the Kool-Aid to taste (remember the cherry flavor will be deluted some when the pudding and whip topping are added, so I tend to make it a tad stronger tasting with 10 squirts). Gradually whisk in the pudding mix, whisking well after each addition to prevent lumps and keep smooth. Let sit for 2 minutes; pudding will become thick. Fold in 1/2 of the whipped topping. Spread 1/2 the pudding mixture over the cherries in the crust. Squeeze or drizzle chocolate sauce in a tic-tac-toe pattern over the filling. Place spoonfuls of the remaining filling over all and carefully spread to cover the sauce. Repeat pattern squeezing/drizzling chocolate sauce over top. Place spoonfuls of the remaining whipped topping over pie and carefully spread to cover. If desired decorate top with shaved or curls of chocolate. Chill at least 4 hours, but preferably 10 to 12 hours.

Submitter: 
FunwithFood
Description: 
I created this recipe for my daughter and sister that are diabetic, as well as for my husband who is a heart patient. They all love chocolate covered cherries, so this is a perfect dessert for them. Luscious & light yet you wouldn't know it is low fat and sugar dessert! It will please everyone's dessert craving!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
4 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
