URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64378089/chicken-tikka-masala/
Title:
Chicken Tikka Masala Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 oz. plain, fat-free Greek yogurt
1 tablespoon lemon juice
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 1/2 lbs boneless, skinless chicken breast (3-4 breasts)
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 tablespoon ground coriander
1 1/2 tablespoons cumin
1 tsp ground cardamom
2 tsp garam masala
2 tsp paprika
1 tablespoon turmeric
1 tsp cayenne pepper (optional)
2 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces
1 large white onion, diced
1 tablespoon fresh grated ginger root
1 cup no-salt-added stock, chicken or vegetable
1 can (15 oz) unsalted tomato purée (or diced tomatoes, pureed in food processor)
3/4 cup reduced-fat or soy milk
1 1/2 tsp kosher salt
Optional garnishes: 1/2 cup chopped cilantro, 1/4 cup chopped scallions

Directions:
In a large bowl, combine yogurt, lemon juice, and garlic.
Dice chicken into 1- to 1 1/2-inch pieces and toss in mixture. Marinate for 20 minutes.
Heat olive oil in a large pot.
Remove chicken from marinade and discard excess marinade. Sear chicken on all sides until golden brown. Don't worry if small bits of meat accumulate in the bottom of the pot while searing.
After chicken is seared, add coriander, cumin, cardamom, garam masala, paprika, turmeric, and cayenne. Toss spices with chicken for about 5 minutes (allows the natural oils to be released).
Add butter, onion, and ginger. Continue cooking until onions are translucent, 5 to 8 minutes.
Add stock, tomato and milk. Use a wooden spoon to release the sticky bits from the bottom of the pot. Continue to cook until reduced; the consistency should be gravy-like.
Season with salt. Garnish and serve hot with cooked basmati, jasmine or brown rice, or alongside warmed naan bread.

Submitter: 
HurdBird
Description: 
Bring this Indian-inspired, England-born dish to your home with easy modifications, such as unsalted diced tomatoes, vegetable stock, and reduced-fat milk.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 hr 10 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
