URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64388214/vegan-chickpea-marshmallows/
Title:
Vegan Chickpea Marshmallows Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the marshmallows
120 ml (1/2 cup) plus 80 ml (1/3 cup) water
1 1/4 teaspoon agar powder
200 g (1 cup) sugar
100 g (1/3 cup) syrup (see notes above)
120 ml (1/2 cup) chickpea brine from a can
1/2 teaspoon guar gum
1/8 teaspoon cream of tartar or 1/2 teaspoon lemon juice
1 tablespoon homemade vanilla sugar (see note above) or powdered sugar plus 1 teaspoon vanilla extract
For dusting
50 g (1/2 cup) powdered sugar
60 g (1/2 cup) corn starch

Directions:
Place 1/2 cup water in a small saucepan and dissolve agar powder; set aside.
Combine sugar, syrup, and remaining water in another small saucepan. Bring to a boil and cook for about 6 minutes over medium high heat until the mixture reaches 210°F.
Bring the agar mixture to a boil at the same time, cook for one minute while stirring and remove from heat.
While the syrup is still boiling combine chickpea brine, guar gum, and cream of tartar in a heatproof bowl. Beat for about two minutes, then add vanilla sugar (or powdered sugar and vanilla extract) and beat for another two minutes or until the mixture is very stiff.
Very carefully pour the hot syrup into the chickpea brine mixture while still beating. Beat for two minutes
Add agar mixture and beat for another five minutes or until the bowl has cooled down.
Sift together powdered sugar and starch.
Dust a rectangular pan (7 x 11 inch or 8 x 8 inch square pan) with half of the starch and sugar mixture. Make sure the whole bottom is covered.
Carefully pour the marshmallow mixture into the pan.
Let cool for two hours (at room temperature) or until set.
Cover with starch and sugar mixture and cut into small squares or use your favorite cookie cutter.
Roll in starch and sugar again to avoid stickiness
Store well dusted in an open container and don't keep them around for too long. (This probably won't be an issue, right?) Their surface will dry out a bit over time, but if you keep these in an airtight container they will get sticky.

Submitter: 
Wilma Laura Wiggins
Description: 
Homemade vegan marshmallows save a ton of money and bring a ton of joy
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
2 hr 30 min
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
