URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64389277/klunkers-tofu-omelet/
Title:
Klunker's Tofu Omelet Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 block of extra firm tofu, drained, rinsed and cut in half
1 heaping tablespoon glutenous rice flour (or any rice flour you have)
1 heaping tablespoon tapioca flour
1/2 tsp. salt or black salt (optional)
dash of hot sauce
1/8 tsp. turmeric (I use a little less)
1/2c cashew milk (or non dairy milk of choice.)
1 T fresh or dried herbs (I used dried chives)

Directions:
Take all the ingredients, except the herbs, and dump into a blender. Blend until very smooth.  I blended for a good minute in my high speed blender.
Place your 8" saute pan on the stove, over medium low heat.  Let it heat up for two minutes.
Add half the liquid from the blender and quickly spread out to one even layer. Sprinkle the herbs on top. Cover with a lid and cook for 10 min or a little longer.
After 10 minutes, check the pan. The goal is to have the top dry and the edges just starting to lift a bit. At this point, the omelet is very delicate.  With a small spatula, go around the edges and make sure it comes loose.  If your pan is a very good non stick, it should move around with a gentle shake.  If not, run the spatula around until it comes loose.  Be patient and don't rush.  If it needs a little longer, cover and let it go a couple more minutes.
Now you are going to want to flip the omelet.  The easiest way to do this is place a plate over it, and invert the pan (use hot pads so you don't get burned). Then slip the omelet back in the pan on the other side.
Cover again and cook another 10 minutes.
When 10 minutes is up, take off the heat, uncover and slide onto a plate.Let sit for at least 5 minutes to set up while you fix filling - whatever you like (spinach, onions, kale, mushrooms).

Submitter: 
Wilma Laura Wiggins
Description: 
No chickpea flour in this tofu omelet.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 min
Ready in:
27 min
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
