URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64385597/cheesy-chicken-casserole-with-vegetables/
Title:
Cheesy Chicken Casserole with Vegetables Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2213361.jpg
Ingredients:
2 Tbsp. Canola oil
1 pkg Chicken thighs
1 Cauliflower, broken into florets
2 Potatoes, cut crosswise into thin slices
2 C. Cheddar cheese, grated
1 1/2 C. Milk
1/4 C. Butter
4 Tbsp. All purpose flour
1 Egg
1/2 C. Dry Cream of Wheat
1/4 C. Cornmeal
1/2 tsp. Dry ginger
1/2 tsp. Turmeric

Directions:
In a ziplock bag combine cereal and spices together and shake the bag well to evenly distribute spices and cereal.
Break egg into a separate bowl and beat lightly
One at a time place chicken thigh into egg mixture and coat well
Toss the piece into ziplock bag and shake well to coat with mixture
In a large frying pan over medium heat sprinkle 2 Tbsp. of Canola oil
Brown chicken well on both sides and make sure that the chicken pieces reach a temperature of 160 F inside the thigh
Carefully place on a serving plate when done on both sides and allow to cool
In a steamer basket cook cauliflower over medium heat until tender
Using reserved oil from cooking thighs place potato slices in frying pan over medium heat until lightly browned and let simmer for 15 minutes to soften before adding to casserole dish
In a 2 1/2 qt. casserole dish assemble florets around the inside edge and then place pan fried potatoes in the middle to cover the inside
Melt butter in a saucepan and add flour to make a roux, add milk to mixture to thicken the roux to the desired consistency then add the grated cheese and stir constantly to avoid scorching on the bottom of the pot. When sauce has reached desired thickness pour sauce over vegetables and coat well to spread over all the vegetables and coat them well
Place chicken thighs on top of vegetables and then sprinkle cheddar cheese over
top of everything
Preheat oven to 375 degrees Fahrenheit
Bake for 40 minutes until chicken has browned
Remove from oven and place on wire rack to cool completely

Submitter: 
Cheerios
Description: 
Crispy coated chicken thigh with delicious vegetables in a creamy cheese sauce for a satisfying dinner.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
