URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64380763/klunkers-eggplant-veggie-burger/
Title:
Klunker's Eggplant Veggie Burger Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 medium eggplant, peeled and diced small (1/2-1 inch cubes)
1 15oz. can of black beans, drained and rinsed. (or equal homemade)
6 large cremini mushrooms, cleaned and chopped up small
4 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed/chopped fine
1/2 large red onion, peeled and diced fine
1 medium red bell pepper, seeded and diced small
1 tsp. liquid smoke
1T onion powder/granulated onion
1T garlic powder/granulated garlic
1 tsp. ground cumin
1 tsp. black pepper (optional)
1/2 tsp. salt (optional)
1/2c whole wheat pastry flour, or flour of choice
1c panko bread crumbs, or bread crumbs of choice

Directions:
In a large saute pan, over medium heat, add the first 6 ingredients. Saute for at least 10 minutes, until the veggies are well cooked and wilted down.
Add the spices next (liquid smoke, onion/garlic powder, cumin, salt/pepper), and stir in well. Let cook another 5 minutes, stirring often so nothing sticks. If you get sticking, add 1T water at a time, but you don't want to make this mix wet. The whole idea is to saute the liquid out of the veggies. Take off heat, and set aside for 10 minutes.
After 10 minutes, transfer the veggie mix to a large bowl, and sprinkle the flour and panko over the top of the mix. With a spatula or your hands, mix the flour and panko in well. You want to really work it. (a good 5 minutes).
Now, with an ice cream scoop (I have a pretty large one) scoop the mix and form into 1/2 inch to 1 inch thick patties. Place on a parchment lined baking sheet. You should be able to get 6 good sized burgers. When all the patties are formed, cover the pan with some plastic wrap and place in the freezer for 10-15 minutes to firm up. Now you can bake them in a 375* oven for 15 minutes, flip and go another 10 minutes, or place in a large, non-stick saute pan over medium heat. "fry" for 10 minutes, turn and go another 5-6, or until you get a crispy outside. Let rest for 5 minutes and serve on your favorite bun

Submitter: 
Wilma Laura Wiggins
Description: 
A sturdy, meaty and moist veggie burger.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
90 min
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
