URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64388816/strawberries-and-cream-french-toast-casserole/
Title:
Strawberries and Cream French Toast Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
12 slices or 40 oz home-style white bread, cut into 1-inch cubes
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
3.5 cups milk or half-and-half, divided
8 large eggs
1/3 cup pure maple syrup or 1/3 cup brown sugar
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
2 (8 ounce) packages cold cream cheese, softened
1 1/2 cups sliced fresh strawberries
1/4 cup powdered sugar
1 teaspoon strawberry extract
Sauce:
1 cup white sugar
1 cup water
2 tablespoons cornstarch
1 cup sliced fresh strawberries
1 tablespoon butter

Directions:
Generously grease a 9x13-inch baking dish.
Pour 3 cups half-and-half into a blender; pulse for a few seconds. Blend cinnamon, extract, and eggs into half-and-half until fully incorporated. Add maple syrup/brown sugar and blend until smooth. In a very large bowl, pour mixture over cubes and stir to coat.
Layer half of the bread cubes in the pan.
In the same blender, combine softened cream cheese, remaining .5 cup milk/half-and-half, powdered sugar, and strawberry extract.
Evenly distribute cream cheese mixture over the bread cube layer; sprinkle 1 1/2 cups sliced strawberries atop cream cheese layer. (Optional: drizzle with strawberry syrup/sauce.)
Layer the remaining bread cubes over strawberry layer.
Cover the baking dish with aluminum foil and refrigerate 8 hours or overnight.
Remove baking dish from refrigerator 45 minutes before baking.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bake the covered casserole in the preheated oven for 60 minutes. Remove aluminum foil and continue baking until French toast is puffed and golden brown, about 30 more minutes.
Stir sugar, water, and cornstarch together in a small saucepan. Cook, stirring occasionally, over medium heat until mixture has thickened, about 5 minutes. Mix 1 cup sliced strawberries into the sugar mixture; cook and stir until strawberries are softened, about 10 minutes. Add butter and stir sauce until butter is melted.  Drizzle over cooked casserole and serve warm.

Submitter: 
Cori
Description: 
This is an adaptation of my family's French toast casserole, modified to 'stuff' with strawberries and cream.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
10 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
