URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64381578/the-abc-sage-melt/
Title:
The ABC Sage Melt Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 tbsp butter
1 Food For Life Brown Rice Tortilla
2 strips of bacon
.5 oz shredded raw mild cheddar
.5 oz muenster cheese
1-2 tsp sage
1 Braeburn or Golden Delicious apple, peeled & diced
salt & pepper

Directions:
Wash, peel, de-core, and dice apple.
Melt butter in large skillet or saucepan on medium-low heat for the brown rice tortilla.
Melt butter in a small sauce pan as well. Sprinkle sage on the butter as it is melting. Sauté apples until they are browned. Turn off heat once done.
Fry bacon either via microwave or stovetop or oven (however you like it!). Pat grease dry (or if you want that greasy goodness, go for it).
Once butter is melted on large saucepan, place brown rice tortilla into pan. Make sure both sides of the tortilla are greased. Use tongs to flip the tortilla.
Shred or slice the cheese onto the greased tortilla. Let the cheese melt for a few minutes. Once melted, add the bacon and then the sautéd apples. You can add salt & pepper for taste.
Fold the tortilla gently. Press down with a spatula. The tortilla should be browned but not quite burnt.
Place on plate. Cool, slice, and enjoy this greasy, beautiful dish.

Submitter: 
I Heart GFNY
Description: 
I came up with this recipe when I forgot what the word diet was. I was having serious cravings for grilled cheese, but didn't feel like spending extra $$ to go somewhere for gluten free bread. And then I came up with this masterpiece. I SnapChatted & Instagrammed this to my friends for fun, and I got a lot of responses asking how to make it (or even where to buy it) because it looked so  good. And guess what--it was. This is the perfect anytime meal for when you want to treat yo self. Serves well with some dijon or honey mustard on the side. GLUTEN FREE, SOY FREE, NUT FREE.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
