URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64388209/ovo-vegetarian-nondairy-lasagne/
Title:
Ovo-Vegetarian Nondairy Lasagne Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 box no-boil lasagne noodles
1 large jar of pasta sauce (26 oz.)
--
1 med. to large eggplant, peeled
1 medium onion, diced
2-3 cloves garlic, julienned
2 portobello mushroom caps, chopped
4 oz. white mushrooms, sliced
1 red pepper, julienned
2 T olive oil
--
1 lb. tofu, wet
2 -3 T extra virgin olive oil
1 tsp dry oregano
1 tsp dry basil
2 medium eggs
1 package frozen spinach, thawed,
or a bunch of fresh spinach, washed and chopped

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 375F
Add tofu, olive oil, oregano, and basil to food processor and pulse until it reaches the consistency of ricotta or cottage cheese. That is the role it will play in this drama. In a medium bowl beat two eggs, then add tofu mixture and spinach, stir to combine, and set aside.
Slice the eggplant into 1/4 to 1/2 inch discs and spread in a single layer on a baking sheet. Salt generously, and let stand for 20-30 minutes. This will "sweat" the bitterness out. After which time, rinse off the salt, and cut into 1/2 inch chunks.
While the eggplant sweats, in a large skillet over medium heat lightly sauté onions and garlic in 1-2 T of olive oil until onions are just translucent, about 2-3 minutes. Add red peppers, cooking until just tender, about 3-5 minutes. Add mushrooms and eggplant, cooking for another 4-5 minutes.
Prepare a 9x13 baking pan with cooking spray. Add a thin layer of pasta sauce to the bottom. Add a single layer of noodles, then spread 1/3 of tofu mixture over the noodles. Add a layer using half the sautéed vegetables. Spread with 1/3 remaining sauce. Repeat layering - noodles, tofu, veggies, sauce, noodles. Top with remaining tofu mixture and remaining sauce.
Bake in the center of the over uncovered for 30-45 minutes, until sauce is bubbly.

Submitter: 
David Douthett
Description: 
I put this together, based on several vegetarian and vegan recipes on allrecipes.com.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
2 h or less
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
