URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64381472/butternut-squash-and-apple-quinoa/
Title:
Butternut Squash and Apple Quinoa Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups of peeled and diced butternut squash
3 tsp olive oil, divided
salt and pepper
1 cup uncooked quinoa (I used the tricolour variety)
1/4 cup dried cranberries
1/4 cup chopped pecans
2 tbsp roasted pumpkin seeds (pepitas)
2 small shallots, peeled and diced
1 clove of garlic, minced
1 tbsp minced peeled ginger
1 large apple, diced
1/4 cup chopped parsley
Dressing:
2 tbsp pure maple syrup
2 tbsp apple cider vinegar
1 tbsp olive oil
salt and pepper

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350°F. Prepare your squash and toss with 2 tsp of olive oil, salt and pepper. Spread on a baking sheet and roast for about 30 minutes, until tender.
Meanwhile, bring 2 cups of water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add the quinoa, cover and reduce heat to a simmer. Cook for 10-15 minutes (or according to the package directions). Remove from heat and add the cranberries to the pot. Cover and let sit for about 5 minutes. Remove lid and fluff quinoa with a fork. Transfer to a large bowl and set aside.
Place the pecans and pepitas in a dry skillet over medium heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, for a few minutes or until lightly toasted. Remove from the pan and add to the quinoa.
Add the remaining 1 tsp of olive oil to the skillet and heat over medium heat. Add the shallots, garlic, and ginger. Cook, stirring, for a few minutes. Then add the apple to the pan and cook for a few more minutes, until the apple just begins to soften. Remove from heat and add everything to the quinoa mixture, stirring to distribute all the ingredients.
Make the dressing by whisking all ingredients in a small bowl. Pour the dressing over the quinoa mixture and stir to incorporate. Finally, mix in the chopped parsley.
Serve warm or at room temperature.

Submitter: 
Wilma Laura Wiggins
Description: 
A delicious main dish you could serve in place of turkey at Thanksgiving or any time a vegan main dish is called for.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
45 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
