URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64385296/terri-edwards-vegan-tofu-spinach-black-bean-lasagna/
Title:
Terri Edwards Vegan Tofu Spinach  Black Bean  Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
10 oz. package whole grain lasagna noodles
1 cup cooked bulgur or faro
1 15 oz can of black beans drained and rinsed
2 cloves garlic minced
1 small onion diced
veggie broth
4-6 cups tomato pasta sauce
1 can fire roasted tomatoes leave UNDRAINED
1 recipe Tofu Ricotta (recipe follows)
1-2 cups Vegan Creamy Cheese Sauce (recipe in recipe box)
Tofu Ricotta:
1/4 cup raw cashews (or 1/4 cup white beans)
1 clove garlic
1/4 cup almond milk
16 oz. firm tofu pressed to drain
1/4 cup nutritional yeast flakes
1 Tbsp Italian seasoning, dry
2 Tbsp fresh basil leaves
Salt & Pepper
1 10 oz. pkg. frozen, chopped spinach thawed and drained

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Thaw spinach and drain as much as possible.
Place all ricotta ingredients (EXCEPT SPINACH) into blender and blend until smooth. Transfer to large bowl and stir in the drained spinach. Continue tasting until you get the salt adjusted to your taste.
Barely cook lasagna noodles in boiling water, approximately 5 minutes, then turn burner off. If these are cooked any longer, they fall apart while you handle them. Or use dry and add 10 min to bake time.
In large sauce pan (I use a large wok), sauté the minced garlic and onion in 3-4 Tbps. of veggie broth, approximately 5 minutes.
Add another 1/4 cup veggie broth and toss in COOKED bulgur, and simmer another 2 minutes.
Pour in your choice of tomato pasta sauce, fire roasted tomatoes, and black beans. Lower heat and simmer for 10 minutes.
Cover bottom of 9 x 13 baking dish with a THIN layer of tomato black bean sauce, then a layer of noodles.
Next, add another thicker layer of tomato black bean sauce. Then a layer of Tofu Ricotta. You'll use 1/2 of the entire ricotta mixture here. Plop tablespoons on top of noodles, and spread it out with a spoon.
Drizzle Vegan Creamy Cheese Sauce over the lasagna.
Continue the same order of layers, starting with another layer of noodles, then using 1/2 of the remaining tomato black bean sauce, and all the remaining Tofu Ricotta, Lightly drizzle with cheese sauce.
The last layer will begin with the remaining noodles, topped by the remaining tomato black bean sauce, and then drizzled with cheese sauce.
Bake for approximately 45 - 55 minutes. Remove from oven and drizzle a little more cheese sauce on top. Serve!

Submitter: 
Wilma Laura Wiggins
Description: 
Vegan lasagna that is oil free
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
50 min
Ready in:
2 hrs
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
