URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64397623/chicken-quesadillas-with-guacamole/
Title:
Chicken Quesadillas with Guacamole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2241304.jpg
Ingredients:
2 chicken boneless skinless
1 Tbsp Extra virgin olive oil
4  Whole Wheat Tortilla
1 medium red onion
1 clove garlic
2 cup spinach
1/3 cup Dairy Free, Soy Free Cheddar Cheese
1/3 cup Dairy Free, Soy Free Pepper Jack Cheese
3 avocados
1 lime
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin
1/2 teaspoon cayenne
1/2 medium onion
1/2 jalapeno pepper
2 Roma tomatoes,
1 tablespoon cilantro
1 clove garlic

Directions:
Boil Chicken for 15 - 20 or until cooked.
Chicken Quesadillas: Sautee sliced red onion sliced and minced garlic in Extra Virgin Olive Oil til soft and golden brown. Add in 1-2 handfuls of spinach and sautee untill soft and wilted.
Remove onion, garlic and spinach from skillet and set aside. Use organic cooking spray or Extra Virgin Olive Oil to lightly coat bottom of the skillet. Place tortilla on skillet. Then lightly cover ½ of the tortilla with “cheddar cheese”, top that with shredded chicken, then onion/garlic/spinach mix, salsa and finally top that with the “pepperjack cheese”.
Fold the empty side of the tortilla over on top of the covered side. Let cook until cheese is melted and tortilla gets crispy. Then flip the quesadilla over and cook on the other side until that cheese is melted and tortilla gets crispy. Place quesadilla on a plate and cut in to triangle pieces. Serve with guacamole and salsa
Guacamole: In a large bowl place the scooped avocado (halved, seeded and peeled) pulp and lime juice, toss to coat.
Drain, and reserve the lime juice, after all of the avocados have been coated. Using a potato masher add the salt, cumin, and cayenne and mash.
Then, fold in the onions (diced), jalapeno ( seeded and minced), tomatoes (seeded and diced), cilantro (chopped), and minced garlic. Add 1 tablespoon of the reserved lime juice.

Submitter: 
Joseph Alvarado
Description: 
If you want a healthier option for a quesadilla, this is it!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
20 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
