URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64394567/herbed-lemon-chicken-with-sauteed-broccoli/
Title:
Herbed Lemon Chicken with Sauteed Broccoli Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2234279.jpg
Ingredients:
4 skinless boneless chicken breasts
5 Tbsp Extra Virgen Olive Oil
2 cloves of garlic minced
2 tsp dried dill
1 tsp dried tarragon
2 tbsp parsley
2 lemons
1 head of broccoli
2 cloves of garlic minced
¼ cup pine nuts
2 tsp of  sea salt
2 tsp of pepper

Directions:
Chicken:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Place chicken on foil in a baking dish and lightly salt and pepper on both sides. Mix the oil, garlic, and herbs in a small bowl. Brush on both sides of the chicken. Place  thinly sliced lemon over the top of each piece of chicken.
Cover with foil and bake 25 minutes. Uncover and cook for additional 10 min or until chicken is done.
Broccoli:
Fill a large bowl with half ice and half water and set aside. Fill a pot with water and bring to a boil. When the water comes to a boil, add the broccoli florets (trimmed & cut into small pieces) (using a strainer with a handle if possible). Allow the broccoli to cook for 1 to 2 minutes until just tender. Immediately remove from the boiling water, using the strainer or draining, and transfer to bowl of ice to stop the cooking process. Immerse the broccoli completely in the ice water for a minute or two. Remove and place in a dish that has been lined with paper towels. (This part can be done up to two days in advance.)
Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Throw in the broccoli and season with sea salt and pepper. Stir to coat the broccoli, add in the minced garlic & pine nuts & then cook and stir for 1 to 2 minutes until desired doneness. Remove from heat and cover with zest from 1 lemon.

Submitter: 
Joseph Alvarado
Description: 
A delicious chicken dish with a good flavor of broccoli
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
