URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64390476/levain-bakery-copycat-chocolate-chip-cookie/
Title:
Levain Bakery Copycat Chocolate Chip Cookie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 sticks 'cold and cubed' unsalted butter
¾ cup granulated sugar**
¾ cup brown sugar**
2 eggs
3¼ to 3½ cups AP flour - spoon and sweep method
¾ teaspoon Kosher salt
1 teaspoon baking powder
¼ tsp baking soda
2 cups good quality semisweet chocolate chips or chunks (I usually use half semisweet and half milk chocolate AND, a little birdy told me they use Guittard)
1 cup walnuts***

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
In bowl of electric mixer fitted with paddle, cream together butter and sugars until well blended and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time.. and beat until well incorporated.
Add flour, salt, baking soda, baking powder and mix until just combined. Gently fold in chocolate chunks and nuts.
Transfer dough to clean work surface and gently mix dough by hand to ensure even distribution of ingredients. The dough should be moist, kind of like cold cookie dough in a tube.. but not super sticky, so you can portion the cookies with your hands. Divide into 12 equal portions, about 4 oz each*
Place each on sheet pan lined with parchment paper and cover and chill the dough balls in the fridge for about an hour. OR, just make the dough and cover it in a bowl for up to 72 hours, but no longer. Preheat oven to 350F.
Bake in the preheated oven 15-20 minutes depending on how gooey and raw you like the middles (I bake mine at 350 for 18-minutes since I prefer a less raw interior), until very lightly browned, taking care not to over bake. Let cool on rack and store what you don't immediately eat in an airtight container. To freshen them after a few days (if they last that long), give them a quick nuke in the microwave for 5-10 seconds.

Submitter: 
Apron Appeal
Description: 
Levain Bakery, nough said
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
25
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
