URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64390886/zucchini-lasagna/
Title:
Zucchini Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 zucchini, thinly sliced
1 pound lean ground beef
1 pound mozzarella, shredded
1 cup cottage cheese
1 cup parmesan cheese, grated
1 (28 oz.) can crushed tomatoes, drained
1/2 (6 oz.) can tomato paste
1/2 white onion, chopped
3 cloves garlic, minced
2 tablespoons fresh basil, chopped
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes
kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375º F.
In a large pan over medium heat, grill zucchini until browned and cooked through on both sides. 2-3 minutes per side. Set aside.
Place ground beef in a large skillet, season with red pepper flakes, salt and pepper, and cook over medium-high heat until browned.
Drain fat and set beef aside, then add olive oil to pan and sauté onion for 8 minutes, or until softened and translucent. Season with salt and pepper.
During the last 1-2 minutes, add minced garlic and cook, stirring frequently, until fragrant.
Return 1/2 meat to pan and add crushed tomatoes, tomato paste and basil.
Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and let simmer for 30-40 minutes, or until reduced and thickened.
Taste and adjust seasoning, if necessary.
In a large bowl, mix together mozzarella and cottage cheese.
Use the back of a spoon to spread 1/4 cup sauce into a large baking dish. Lay 1/3 grilled zucchini slices onto the bottom of dish and top with 1/2 sauce, then top with 1/2 parmesan cheese and 1/3 mozzarella mixture.
Repeat with second layer: 1/3 zucchini, remaining sauce, remaining parmesan and 1/3 mozzarella mixture.
Top everything with remaining zucchini and reserved browned meat, then spread remaining mozzarella and cottage cheese over it all.
Cover baking dish with aluminum foil, place in oven and bake for 30 minutes, then uncover and bake for another 10-12, or until cheese is melted and bubbly.
Remove from oven and let cool 5 minutes before serving.

Submitter: 
Denise Maggio Medina
Description: 
Delish
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
