URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64399599/moms-cubed-steaks/
Title:
Mom's Cubed Steaks Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1. 2 cups flour
2.Pinch of seasonings to preference: garlic salt, pepper, salt
3. Cubed steaks thawed from your favorite store (2-3lbs)
4. "Beefy onion" dry soup mix by Lipton (2 packs)
5. 4 cups of water for gravy in crock pot
6. Vegetable oil for frying pan/skillet

Directions:
**Special note: Cubed steak can be a very tough piece of meat if not cooked long enough. This is a slow cooker recipe please allow at least 5 hours on high to cook. Ideally 7-8 hours on the auto setting on your crock pot is perfect**
Prepare your crock pot with the soup mix and water. Stir well until mixed.
Take a plastic bag or large mixing bowl and add flour and seasonings stirring until well mixed.
Get your frying pan nice and hot with vegetable oil. You can tell when it is the perfect temp when you sprinkle a bit of flour and it immediately disappears.
Take your steaks one at a time and coat in flour mixture and place in hot oil pan. The purpose of this is not to cook the steak, just to sear them on both side to get a nice texture so they don't feel slimy after being cooked all day.
When the steak is seared on both sides transfer it to the crock pot, repeat this for all steaks.
This is optional but you can add a beef bullion cube to the mix for extra savory flavor.
Cook on auto setting for 7-8 hours for ideal tenderness. If your crock pot does not have an auto setting cook on low for 8 hours or high for 5-6 hours.
Best served with homemade mashed potatoes!

Submitter: 
Heather Bogle
Description: 
Finally got the secret to my mom's famous cubed steaks... just kidding there is no secret! It is a super easy and savory dish that everyone will love! Enjoy, from our kitchen to yours. :)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
