URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64391861/bigos-polish-hunters-stew/
Title:
Bigos (Polish Hunter's Stew) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 oz. dried porcini mushrooms
4 oz. bacon, cut into ½? pieces
2 lb. boneless stew meat: pork (or beef), cut into 1? cubes
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste
8 oz. smoked kielbasa, cut into 1? rounds
1 tsp. caraway seeds
1/2 tsp. allspice
2 large yellow onions, chopped
2 bay leaves
1 small can tomato paste
3 lb. sauerkraut, drained
3/4 c. pitted prunes, chopped
4 c. beef stock
3 c. dry red wine
2 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, and cut into ½? cubes
Minced thyme, parsley or chives, to garnish

Directions:
1. Place mushrooms in a bowl; cover with 1½ cups boiling water. Let sit until mushrooms rehydrate, about 1 hour. Using a slotted spoon, transfer mushrooms to a cutting board; roughly chop and set aside. Slowly pour soaking liquid into another bowl, leaving any sediment in the bottom of the first bowl; set aside.
2. Heat bacon in an 8-qt. Dutch oven over medium heat; cook until its fat renders, about 12 minutes. Transfer to a plate; set aside. Increase heat to medium-high; working in batches, season pork with salt and pepper. Add to pot; cook, turning, until browned all over, about 8 minutes. Transfer to plate with bacon. Add kielbasa; cook until browned, about 6 minutes; transfer to plate.
3. Add caraway, allspice, onions, and bay leaves; cook, scraping bottom of pot, until onions are soft, about 10 minutes. Add tomato paste; cook until caramelized, about 8 minutes. Add sauerkraut, and cook, stirring, until slightly wilted, about 3 minutes. Return meat to pot along with reserved mushrooms and their soaking liquid, and then add prunes, stock, and wine; bring to a boil. Season with salt and pepper, and reduce heat to medium-low; cook, covered and stirring occasionally, for 30 minutes. Add apples, and cook, covered, until pork is tender, about 30 minutes more; garnish with herb (s).

Submitter: 
Sudie B
Description: 
Our friend Nancy introduced us to this traditional Polish dish. Yum!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
