URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64396710/creamy-kale-and-pasta-with-sweet-sausage/
Title:
Creamy Kale and Pasta with Sweet Sausage Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2239187.jpg
Ingredients:
10 oz (about 3/4 of a box) dry gemelli pasta
1 Tbsp olive oil
3 Sweet sausage links, casings removed, sausage crumbled (can also use hot or mild)
1 tomato, diced
1/2 onion, diced
2 cloves garlic, minced
1/2 cup low-sodium chicken broth
1/2 bunch kale, thick ribs removed, chopped into small pieces
Salt and freshly ground black pepper
2 Tbsp butter
2 Tbsp all-purpose flour
1 3/4 cup milk
Grated parmesan cheese (optional)

Directions:
Cook pasta according to directions on package minus 1 minute of the designated cooking time, reserving 1/2 cup of the pasta water for the pasta sauce.
Meanwhile, in a large skillet heat 1 Tbsp olive oil over medium-high heat. Add sausage and cook, stirring occasionally until golden brown and cooked through, about 5 minutes. Add in onions, tomatoes and garlic and saute 3 minutes. Add in chicken broth and scrape bottom of pan to deglaze browned bits. Add kale, cook and toss occasionally until wilted and tender, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper to taste.
While kale is cooking, in a medium saucepan melt butter over medium heat. Add flour and cook stirring constantly 1 minute. While whisking slowly pour in milk and whisk vigorously to smooth lumps. Season with salt and pepper to taste and cook until mixture beings to bubble and thicken. Remove from heat.
Pour milk mixture into sausage mixture along with drained pasta and toss to evenly coat. Serve warm topped with grated Parmesan cheese.

Submitter: 
tcasa
Description: 
I came up with this recipe to incorporate kale into our diet. My husband had thirds the first night I made it and he is not a fan of kale (or anything green).  Even the kids loved it! Enjoy.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
