URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64396606/vegan-roasted-red-pepper-pasta/
Title:
Vegan Roasted Red Pepper Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 large red bell peppers
2 tbsp olive oil
2 shallots, chopped
4 cloves garlic, chopped
Sea salt and ground black pepper
1.5 cups almond milk
2 tbsp nutritional yeast
1.5 tbsp cornstarch
Pinch of red pepper flakes
Linguini or spaghetti noodles
Vegan Parmesan cheese
Fresh basil or parsley, chopped

Directions:
Heat oven to 500 degrees F and roast red peppers on a baking sheet until charred - about 25-30 minutes. Cover with foil for 10 minutes to steam, then remove (peel away) charred skin, seeds and stems. Set aside.
Cook pasta according to package instructions; drain, toss in a touch of olive oil, cover with a towel and set aside.
While the red peppers are roasting, bring a large skillet over medium and saute onions and garlic in 2tbsp olive oil until golden brown and soft - about 4-5 minutes. Season with a generous pinch of salt and pepper and stir. Remove from heat and set aside.
Transfer sauteed shallots and garlic to blender with roasted peppers, almond milk, red pepper flakes, nutritional yeast and cornstarch. Season with desired amount of salt and pepper and red pepper flakes.
Blend until creamy and smooth, taste and adjust seasoning as needed, adding more salt and pepper or nutritional yeast for flavor. You want the flavor to be pretty robust and strong since the noodles don't have much flavor - so be generous with your seasonings.
Once blended, place sauce back in the skillet over medium heat to thicken. Once it reaches a simmer, reduce heat to low and continue simmering.
Once sauce is thickened to desired consistency, add noodles. However, before tossing, add a touch more olive oil, salt and pepper to the un-tossed noodles for added flavor. Then, toss to coat.
Serve with vegan parmesan cheese, red pepper flakes and fresh chopped parsley or basil.

Submitter: 
Adam Venn
Description: 
10 ingredient roasted red pepper pasta with a creamy, savory-sweet red pepper sauce and fresh herbs. Light, healthy and simple, yet incredibly satisfying.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
