URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64399728/caprese-quinoa-grilled-stuffed-mushrooms-with-balsamic-glaze/
Title:
Caprese Quinoa Grilled Stuffed Mushrooms with Balsamic Glaze Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
12 baby portobello mushrooms or 2 portobello mushrooms, stems removed
1/2 cup cooked quinoa
1/2 cup grape tomatoes, diced
1//3 cup fresh mozzarella cheese, diced
8-10 fresh basil leaves, sliced or chopped
3 tablespoon good + fruity extra virgin olive oil
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon pepper
1/2 cup balsamic vinegar
1 teaspoon brown sugar (optional)

Directions:
Add vinegar and brown sugar if using to a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce to a very low simmer and cook for 10-15 minutes, until liquid reduces by about half and is slightly syrupy. Remove from heat, pour vinegar in a bowl or glass to pour, and set aside to cool and thicken.Preheat the grill to medium high heat or heat your oven to to 400 degrees F.Toss the mushrooms with 1 tablespoon of olive oil and a sprinkle of salt and peper. Place the mushrooms stem side up directly on the grill and grill for 8-10 minutes or bake for 8-10 minutes. Remove from the grill and dump any liquid that is in the caps.While the mushrooms grill toss the quinoa, tomatoes, mozzarella and basil together in a medium size bowl. Add the remaining olive oil. Season with salt and pepper.When the mushrooms are ready stuff each mushroom as best as you can with the caprese quinoa. If your mushrooms are small you may have some of the caprese quinoa leftover, just serve it along side the mushrooms. If desired place the mushrooms on a baking sheet and place back on the grill or under the broiler for 30 seconds to 1 minute to warm the cheese. Serve with a drizzle of the balsamic glaze and fresh black pepper.

Submitter: 
Evie
Description: 
Looks delicious!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
25
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
