URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64392035/seans-falafel-and-cucumber-sauce/
Title:
Sean's Falafel and Cucumber Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For Sauce:
1 (6 ounce) container plain yogurt
1/2 cucumber - peeled, seeded, and finely chopped
1 teaspoon dried dill weed
salt and pepper to taste
1 tablespoon mayonnaise (optional)
For Falafel:
1 (15 ounce) can chickpeas (garbanzo beans), drained
1 onion, chopped
1/2 cup fresh parsley
2 cloves garlic, chopped
1 egg
2 teaspoons ground cumin
1 teaspoon ground coriander
1 teaspoon salt
1 dash pepper
1 pinch cayenne pepper
1 teaspoon lemon juice
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 cup dry bread crumbs
oil for frying
2 pita breads, cut in half (optional)
1 cup chopped tomatoes (optional)

Directions:
preheat oven 400 degrees
In a small bowl combine yogurt, cucumber, dill, salt, pepper and mayonnaise and mix well. Chill for at least 30 minutes.
In a large bowl mash chickpeas until thick and pasty; don't use a blender, as the consistency will be too thin. In a blender, process onion, parsley and garlic until smooth. Stir into mashed chickpeas.
In a small bowl combine egg, cumin, coriander, salt, pepper, cayenne, lemon juice and baking powder. Stir into chickpea mixture along with olive oil.  Slowly add bread crumbs until mixture is not sticky but will hold together; add more or less bread crumbs, as needed. Form 8 balls and then flatten into patties.
spray oven pan with oil and cook 20 minutes flipping half way through. Broil each side a few minutes. Serve in pita pockets with cucumber sauce and chopped tomatoes.

Submitter: 
Lynn
Description: 
It's easy to make your own falafel! Mashed chickpeas are combined with onion, bread crumbs, egg, and herbs, and fried until browned and crisp. Serve in pita halves topped with chopped tomatoes and cucumber sauce.Modified from: Sean's Falafel and Cucumber Sauce
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
