URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64397329/turkey-chili-on-top-of-brown-rice-with-sweet-potato-fries/
Title:
Turkey Chili on Top of Brown Rice with Sweet Potato Fries Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb ground turkey
1 28oz can diced or crushed tomatoes
2 cups kidney beans
2 cups black beans
1/2-1 onion
2 Tbsp chili powder
1 Tbsp fresh minced garlic
1/2 tsp sea salt
1/2 tsp black pepper
1/2 tsp oregano
1/2 tsp cumin
1/2 tsp cayenne pepper
1/2 tsp paprika
2 cups water
2 cups brown rice
1 avocado
2 medium sweet potato
1/2 tsp sea salt
1/2 tsp ground black pepper
2 Tbsp olive oil

Directions:
Beans: Follow the instructions from package
Turkey Chili: Cook rice according to package instructions, if desired. In large 2 qt covered pot, brown ground meat, drain & return to pot. Add 28oz can diced or crushed tomatoes, kidney beans, black beans, diced onion, garlic powder,  minced garlic, sea salt, black pepper, oregano, cumin, cayenne pepper, paprika, water, and heat through and serve it up! Serve it over cooked brown rice and top with avocado slices if desired.
Sweet Potato Fries: Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Peel sweet potato or leave skin on (according to your preference). Cut the sweet potato in half because they're normally very large. Now, take a half of the sweet potato and cut it into large slices about 3/4 inch thick. You'll then cut the larger slices into fries. Your fries should be 1/2 inch to 3/4 inch thick. Repeat this for the other half! Throw all of the fries onto a baking sheet. Sprinkle a good pinch of sea salt over them and then freshly ground black pepper. Drizzle with olive oil and now, mix it all together on the baking sheet.
Make sure you're scooping the salt, pepper and oil from the bottom and mixing it in. Don't let the tastiness go to waste! Once everything's mixed, space out the fries on the baking sheet.
Make sure they're all evenly spaced and not touching. They'll get soggy otherwise! Put them in the oven for 15 minutes. Do not open the oven during this time.
Then, take them out and flip them. Once they're flipped, put them back in the oven for 10 minutes. Both sides should now be dark brown and crispy. Should you want a lighter brown color, just reduce the cooking times by a couple of minutes on each side.

Submitter: 
Joseph Alvarado
Description: 
A healthy chilli version with sweet potato fries
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
