URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64407475/cheese-blintzes-with-strawberry-rhubarb-compote/
Title:
Cheese Blintzes With Strawberry-Rhubarb Compote Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2267667.jpg
Ingredients:
Blintzes
2 eggs, beaten
1 cup 2% low-fat milk
1 cup all-purpose flour
2 tablespoons Grand Marnier (orange flavored liquor)
cooking spray
Filling
6 ounces low-fat ricotta cheese
6 ounces mascarpone cheese
1 teaspoon sugar
3/4 teaspoon vanilla extract (or orange liquor)
1 teaspoon lemon zest
1/4 teaspoon salt
Topping
6 cups rhubarb, cut into 1-inch pieces
3 cups strawberries, cut in half lengthwise
3 tablespoons flour
2 cups sugar
1 tablespoon lemon juice
1/2 cup light sour cream, for garnish

Directions:
BLINTZES: Using a blender, mix the eggs, milk and flour at low speed. Add the Grand Marnier. Once the batter is well mixed and coats the spoon with a thin film, refrigerate, covered for 1 hour in a pitcher or bowl.
Stir the batter thoroughly and before making the crepes, test the liquid by dunking a spoon in the mixture; again, it should coat the spoon with a thin film. Adjust by adding milk if necessary.
Using a 8-10" nonstick pan, spray with oil, and heat the pan over medium-high heat. Pour about one cup of batter to coat one pan. Once covered, pour a thin layer of batter into the heated pan, swirling to coat if necessary.
When the crepes pull away from the edge of the pan in about 20 seconds, remove from the heat, tap them lightly or run a knife across the edge of the pan to release, and invert the crepes on a dry towel to cool. Stir the batter at brief intervals to re-suspend the ingredients.

Submitter: 
Jill Sander
Description: 
TOPPING: Gently toss the rhubarb, strawberries, flour, sugar and lemon and let stand until moist, 5 to 10 minutes.
In a large saucepan, melt the butter and add the fruit mixture. Cook the fruit for approximately 35 minutes, stirring to make sure the fruit does not brown. Cover 5 minutes or until rhubarb is soft.
TO SERVE: Ladle the warm fruit over the blintz and top with a dollop of sour cream. Garnish with a fresh strawberry half.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45
Ready in:
1:30
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
