URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64406265/fat-free-zucchini-potato-cheese-sauce/
Title:
Fat free Zucchini Potato Cheese Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 small zucchini, peeled and sliced (130 g, you will need about 1 cup sliced zucchini before cooking)
5 small yukon gold potatoes (220 g, use any yellow or "buttery" potato, but not russet!)
3/4 cup-1 cup water, as needed
1/4 cup nutritional yeast (20 g)
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1/2 teaspoon onion powder
1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt
3/4 teaspoon smoked paprika or regular if you don't like smoked
2 teaspoons liquid aminos (or low-sodium soy sauce or tamari)
1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, or more to taste
Optional toppings: red pepper flakes, chopped tomatoes, sliced jalapenos

Directions:
First prepare the zucchini by preheating an oven to 415 degrees and line a sheet pan with parchment paper. Peel all the green skin off the zucchini and slice into 1/4 inch slices and salt and pepper well. It's imperative to peel the zucchini, otherwise your sauce will be an ugly green. Bake for about 15 minutes until tender.
Meanwhile, cook your potatoes either by roasting, steaming or in the microwave. Since I wanted a fast dinner, I just cooked them in the microwave for about 5 minutes until very soft. Do not boil them as they will get water logged and make the sauce more runny. I left the skins on since I have a Vitamix, but if you are concerned about getting the sauce smooth, peel them before cooking.
After the potatoes are cooked, mash them with a fork and measure out 1 lightly filled cup. Add them to your high speed blender or a food processor.
Once the zucchini is done, add it along with all of the remaining ingredients (start with 3/4 cup water and blend well before adding more if and as needed, stopping at 1 cup) to your blender and blend until smooth. Taste and add any extra lemon juice and/or salt/spices if necessary.

Submitter: 
Wilma Laura Wiggins
Description: 
Finally, a fat-free, nut-free, guilt-free cheese sauce that tastes authentic. This cheese is smooth, flavorful, creamy and 100% good for you. It will leave you satisfied without feeling heavy. It goes great on nachos, tacos, burritos and even mac 'n' cheese!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 min
Ready in:
25 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
