URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64401902/dr-pepper-pulled-pork-for-slow-cooker/
Title:
Dr. Pepper™ Pulled Pork for Slow Cooker Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2254663.jpg
Ingredients:
2 large onions cut in half then quartered.
3 lb pork butt (pork shoulder) roast
2 cloves garlic minced
1 1/2 teaspoons dry ground mustard
1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper (optional)
1/8 teaspoon sea salt
Dash of freshly ground black pepper
1/4 cup of apple cider vinegar
3 Tablespoons Worcestershire sauce
24oz. Dr. Pepper™ (Regular not diet)
Bottle of your favorite BBQ sauce...I use honey flavored.

Directions:
Put onion quarters in bottom of crock pot.
If roast isn't netted trim off as much fat as you can.  This probably is removing some tasty flavor but it is healthier and I've had no complaints about flavor.  Once trimmed place roast on top of onions.
Cover roast with minced garlic, ground mustard, cayenne pepper, sea salt, pepper, apple cider vinegar and Worcestershire sauce.  If you have time let this soak into roast for 15 minutes.  Then pour Dr. Pepper™ on top of roast.
Cook on low for 8 hours or high for 5.
After roast is fully cooked, remove (it will be falling apart tender) place on a platter or cutting board and remove any remaining fat and then shred using two forks...pulling away from each other to achieve the pulled pork texture.  Put pulled meat back into the crock pot and cook on low for another hour.
After the hour of cooking, remove meat and onions from juices and place in a large saucepan.  Add your favorite BBQ sauce to taste.  Stir until heated all the way through. (Discard juices left in crock pot).

Submitter: 
TnVolsFan
Description: 
This is a mild sweet and saucy pulled pork.  It can easily be spiced up with a hot BBQ sauce if you prefer spicy.  Love to double recipe and freeze some for a quick back up meal.  Hope you enjoy as much as we do.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15-30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
