URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64403972/semis-herb-flank-steak-roulade/
Title:
Semi's Herb Flank Steak Roulade Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2257185.jpg
Ingredients:
1	Flank Steak
¼	teaspoon salt
¼	teaspoon black pepper
1	Tablespoon fresh minced rosemary
2	Tablespoons fresh minced flat leaf parlsey
2	cloves minced garlic
1	Tablespoon fresh grated onion
2	teaspoons olive oil
2 	teaspoons fresh thyme
¼	cup cabernet sauvignon
2 	cups beef broth

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350.  Butterfly the steak by cutting horizontally into the long side of the steak, through the middle, to within one-half inch of the other side. Open the steak and spread the sides out like an open book. Cover the steak with plastic wrap and pound it with a meat mallet to give it an even surface. Discard the plastic wrap.
Mix herbs, garlic, and onion, salt and pepper with 2 teaspoons olive oil to make a paste; Set aside.
drizzle a little olive oil about 3 teaspoons, over the flank steak and brush or rub to spread it out.  Spread herb mixture over flank steak.
Roll flank steak firmly, starting at the cut edge (so that the grain runs the length of the steak) so when you cut it you are cutting across the grain.  Tie the flank steak firmly with kitchen twine.  Sprinkle with Salt and pepper.
Heat about 2 tablespoons olive oil in a heavy pan or Dutch oven over medium high heat.  Sear steak on all sides, until browned.
Pour in wine, let deglaze and reduce for about 30 seconds. Add the beef broth; Cover put into the 350 degree oven, for 2 hours.
Once done remove from the pan cover and let rest.  Put pan on stove top over medium heat and taste broth.  Adjust seasonings and thicken with either 4 tablespoons  flour or cornstarch mixed with 5 tablespoons water.

Submitter: 
Semigourmet
Description: 
Tender Delicious Braised Flank Steak!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
