URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64419203/big-rays-curried-chickpeas-with-spinach-and-tomatoes/
Title:
Big Ray's Curried Chickpeas with Spinach and Tomatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2299971.jpg
Ingredients:
2 teaspoons olive oil, divided
4 garlic cloves, chopped
1 jalapeño, coarsely chopped
1 tablespoon chopped ginger
1 pound fresh flat-leaf spinach, tough stems trimmed
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
1  onion, finely chopped
1 1/2 teaspoons curry powder
1 teaspoon chili powder
2 15-ounce cans chickpeas, rinsed
1 24-ounce can whole peeled tomatoes
Flatbread or steamed white rice, for serving

Directions:
Heat 1 Tbsp. oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add garlic, chile, and ginger; cook until fragrant and softened, about 4 minutes. Working in batches, add spinach by the handful, tossing to wilt between additions. Cook until fully wilted and bright green, stirring often, about 5 minutes. Transfer mixture to a food processor and pulse until coarsely chopped. Season with salt and pepper; reserve. Wipe out skillet and reserve.
Heat remaining 1 Tbsp. oil in same skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion and cook until softened, 5-6 minutes. Add curry powder and chili powder and cook until toasted and fragrant, about 1 minute. Add chickpeas and tomatoes with juices, squeezing tomatoes with your hand as you add, and 1/2 cup water. Season with salt and pepper and simmer until tomatoes are broken down and sauce has thickened, about 10 minutes. Fold in spinach purée. Serve with flatbread or steamed white rice.

Submitter: 
bfr610
Description: 
As anyone familiar with Indian food knows, chickpeas are one of the most common types of legumes found on Indian tables. In this popular recipe, the spices and fresh ingredients are added at the very end of the cooking time to preserve optimum flavor and freshness. Regulate the heat by the amount of curry you use.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
