URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64413853/alicias-pasta-salad/
Title:
Alicia's Pasta Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2332772.jpg
Ingredients:
6 Boiled eggs, coarsely chopped
2 cups Mayonnaise (or 1/2 Mayo and 1/2 Miracle Whip)
1 envelope Hidden Valley Ranch Dressing Mix
2-3 TBS Salad Pickles (or coarsely chopped Bread & Butter Pickles)
1 can Southwest Style Corn (I like Del Monte), well drained
1 head Broccoli (florets only)
10 oz Frozen (thawed) Tiny Green Peas, cooked or raw (optional)
6 oz sliced Black Olives (optional)
4 oz crumbled Feta Cheese (or favorite) (optional)
1 (16 oz) pkg Bow Tie Pasta (or favorite)
1/2 Red Bell Pepper, diced
1 (10 oz) pkg Cherry Tomatoes, diced (reserve a few for garnish)
1 bunch Green Onion (bulb and blade)
1/2 pkg REAL Bacon Bits (or 10-18 slices, fried crisp)
4 oz. Pepperoni, quartered

Directions:
BOIL EGGS:  Place eggs in a 4 quart pan (that has a tight fitting lid). Cover with water to 1" above eggs. Add 1 tablespoon common table salt and at least 1 tablespoon apple cider (or white) vinegar to water. Bring eggs to soft rolling boil. Immediately remove eggs from heat (DO NOT DRAIN) and cover with tight fitting lid, allow eggs to sit in covered pan at room temperature for 20-22 minutes. When eggs are set, run under COLD water until eggs can be easily handled.
WHILE EGGS ARE SITTING: STEAM broccoli: until tender crisp.  Mushy broccoli will ruin this salad! Cook peas; Dice pepper, halve or quarter tomatoes, thinly slice onions, quarter pepperoni and cut broccoli florets from stalk and stem.
IN A LARGE MIXING BOWL: place mayonnaise, full envelope of Hidden Valley Ranch Dressing mix, then remainder of ingredients (except reserved tomatoes). I usually add ingredients from smallest texture to largest. That seems to allow even distribution of dressing.
MIX THOROUGHLY and garnish with reserved tomatoes
REFRIGERATE AT LEAST 2 HOURS.  It's even better the second day!

Submitter: 
Carol Hammond
Description: 
Al dente pasta (you can use your favorite, but do use one that will collect and hang onto the dressing) with veggies, bacon and pepperoni!  YUMMMMMM!  I've been using this recipe at least twice a month ever since my dear friend, Alicia shared it with me.  I have never shared it with anyone who didn't go back for seconds.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 m (honestly)
Ready in:
2 h 40 m
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
