URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64412193/salted-dark-caramel-sauce-from-wicked-good-kitchen/
Title:
Salted Dark Caramel sauce from Wicked Good Kitchen Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups granulated white sugar
¾ cup unsalted butter cut into cubes at room temperature
1 cup heavy cream at room temperature
½ teaspoon pure vanilla extract, optional
2 to 3 teaspoons fleur de sel, or favorite sea salt

Directions:
Place sugar in an even layer into a large (2- to 3-quart) heavy-bottomed saucepan. Heat the sugar over medium-high heat. As the sugar melts, whisk to keep the sugar from burning. Soon the sugar will begin to clump with faint glimpses of light amber liquid sugar on the bottom of the saucepan. Keep cooking and whisking in a gentle motion until the sugar is completely melted into light amber caramel, about 8 to 10 minutes. Once the sugar is completely melted, stop whisking and only swirl the caramel by carefully and gently tilting the saucepan from side-to-side. Stopping the whisking motion will keep the caramel from forming crystals (crystallizing) and seizing. - See more at:  be attentive and watch very closely. An instant read thermometer should read 350°F. when the caramel is done. remove saucepan from heat and wait 20 to 30 seconds for an even darker amber caramel sauce. Immediately, but carefully, add all of the butter at once and whisk it in aggressively until fully melted and well combined. Following the addition of the butter, the caramel will bubble up fiercely. remove saucepan from heat and wait 20 to 30 seconds for an even darker amber caramel sauce. Immediately, but carefully, add all of the butter at once and whisk it in aggressively until fully melted and well combined. Following the addition of the butter, add the cream and vanilla if using, again the caramel will bubble up fiercely. keep whisking until the caramel is smooth and the cream is fully incorporated. Add salt and whisk until completely dissolved. set aside till cool enough to add to sterilized jars. store in refrigerator.

Submitter: 
Judy Bialek
Description: 
Amazing salted dark caramel sauce from Wicked Good Kitchen
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
20 - 25 m
Number of servings: 
30
Nutritional Facts:
NA
