URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64412935/black-bean-and-mushroom-mini-loaves/
Title:
Black bean and mushroom mini loaves Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 15oz cans of black beans (drain and wash each can but keep separate)
4 green onions, sliced thin
1 small can of chopped green chili's
1 small can of tomato paste
3 cups uncooked rolled oats
1 cup cooked quinoa
1 cup cooked brown rice
2-4 tsp. hot chili paste
1/2 tsp. white pepper
1/2 tsp. cumin
1 tsp. smoked paprika
2 T onion powder
1 tsp. mustard powder
2 tsp. organic no salt seasoning (I use the Costco brand)
2 tsp. low sodium soy sauce
1/2 tsp. liquid smoke
4 cloves garlic chopped fine
8 oz. mushrooms of choice (cleaned)
Topping:
One small can of tomato paste
3T of maple syrup

Directions:
In the large bowl, combine one (1) of the cans of black beans, and all the other ingredients, except the mushrooms.  Set aside.   In a food processor combine the mushrooms and the other can of black beans.  Process until smooth.  Add it to the rest of the ingredients in the big bowl.  This is the fun part!  Use your hand and mix the hell out of all the ingredients.  Really get in there and let your frustrations out.  After you have mixed very well, allow to sit for 10 minutes. While it is sitting, preheat your oven to 350*.
I used an ice cream scoop to fill the forms.  It took about 1 1/2 scoops.  Just enough to fill to the top of each form.
When they are filled, there should still be some left over just for you to make a couple burgers too!
Place in the oven and let cook for 30 minutes.  While they are in the oven, mix together the tomato paste and syrup for the topping. After 30 minutes, spread the topping over each one.  It doesn't need to be thick, just enough to cover. Turn the oven to broil and let sit under the heat for 5 minutes.  Watch close, you don't want it to burn.
Take out of the oven and let sit for 10 minutes.  Use a spatula or small knife to make sure nothing is sticking around the edge, and take out carefully.
Serve right away, or store in an airtight container to serve cold on a sandwich.

Submitter: 
Wilma Laura Wiggins
Description: 
Bean loaf for dinner and sandwiches.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
