URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64417443/cranberry-apple-walnut-rustic-tart/
Title:
Cranberry Apple Walnut Rustic Tart Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2293446.jpg
Ingredients:
Single pie crust, fresh or ready made.
20 ounces canned or fresh apple pie filling.
1/2 c dried cranberries
Nut filling - Mix the following together:  1/4 c butter, softened, 1/2 c dark brown sugar, 1 egg, 1/2 t vanilla extract, 2 c chopped walnuts.
Egg wash - mix one egg & 1 T water
Demerara sugar

Directions:
Preheat oven to 415 degrees.
Place the flat, round, single pie crust on a parchment lined cookie sheet.
In a single bowl, combine the ingredients for the nut filling and spread over pie dough to within one inch of edge, reserve 2 T of filling.
Arrange apple slices in a circular pattern over nut filling.
Sprinkle cranberries over filling
Drop a small amount of reserved nut filling here and there on top of the apples.
Roll edges of dough over apples and nut filling, overlapping as necessary to form a rough circle.
Brush edges with egg wash
Sprinkle edge with Demerara sugar
Bake at 415 degrees for 30 minutes or until crust is nicely browned and apples are bubbling.
Place cookie sheet on cooling rack for 30 minutes
Lift tart by parchment paper and place on another cooling rack for 1 hour or until completely cooled.
Run a large knife or angled cake spatula between the parchment paper and the tart to release the parchment and transfer to a serving tray.

Submitter: 
Cindy Velt
Description: 
This is a fast, delicious, beautiful tart I made to use leftover nut roll filling.  So easy you can whip it up for a quick dessert and so impressive you'll be proud to serve it for guests too.  Take it over the top with a jarred caramel sauce, heated and drizzled over a scoop of good vanilla bean ice cream - outstanding.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
2 h, 10 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
