URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64416263/mushroom-pecan-veggie-burgers-take-ii/
Title:
Mushroom Pecan Veggie Burgers Take II Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 tbsp olive oil (omit for oil-free version and use just 1 tsp water)
1 lb brown (cremini) mushrooms (ends of stems trimmed), chopped (cremini have more flavor than white button mushrooms, but white mushrooms can also be used)
Freshly ground black pepper
1 ¼ cups onion, diced
couple pinches sea salt
3 – 4 large cloves garlic, minced
1 tbsp balsamic vinegar
2 – 2 ½ tbsps tahini
1 tbsp light miso (ex: brown rice)
½ tsp ground sage
1 tsp dried oregano
1 1/2 tbsps balsamic vinegar
1 tbsp tamari
1 ¾ cups rolled oats (use certified gluten-free for that option)
1/2 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves
1 tsp vegan worcestershire sauce (optional, omit for wheat-free/gluten-free version)
½ cup pecans, lightly toasted (see note)

Directions:
In a large skillet (as large as you have) over high heat, combine the oil, mushrooms, and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms have started to brown and shrink down (9 to 10 minutes). Push most of the mushrooms to the outer edges of the skillet (creating a well in the center), turn the heat down to medium or medium-low, and add the onion and salt. Cook for a couple of minutes, then add the garlic (adding the garlic later helps prevent it from burning). Stir the mushrooms into the onion mixture and cook for another 6 to 7 minutes, until the onion is softened and translucent. Add the 1 tablespoon of the balsamic vinegar to the pan, stir, and then remove from the heat.  In a food processor, combine about three-quarters of the mushroom mixture with the tahini, miso, sage, oregano, the remaining 11/2 tablespoons of balsamic vinegar, and the tamari, oats, fresh parsley, and Worcestershire sauce (if using). Process until it just comes together. Add the pecans, pulse once or twice (to break up but not fully process), and then add the remaining mushroom mixture, pulsing once or twice just to incorporate.  Remove the blade, and shape mounds of the mixture into patties with your hands (yielding six, or five larger patties). The patties can be refrigerated or cooked immediately. To cook, place on a nonstick skillet over medium or medium-high heat and cook the patties for 6 to 8 minutes, then flip and cook for another 4 to 5 minutes until a golden sear has formed on each side, working in batches, if necessary. (To oven-bake, place patties on baking sheet lined with parchment paper.  Bake at 400 degrees, for roughly 10 minutes on one side, then flipping and baking another 10 minutes.) Serve up!  Makes 5 to 6 patties.

Submitter: 
Wilma Laura Wiggins
Description: 
A favorite of herbivores and omnivores alike.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
36 min
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
