URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64419290/greek-farro-salad/
Title:
Greek Farro Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2299090.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups Farro
4 cups of chicken or vegetable broth
1 tsp. olive oil
1 tsp. sea salt
1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil
3 Tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice
1 Tablespoon Greek Seasoning blend
1 garlic clove, minced
1 cup diced and seeded tomato
1 cup diced seeded cucumber
1 cup chopped red pepper
3/4 cup thinly sliced red onion
1 cup diced or crumbled feta cheese
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Rinse and drain the Farro with water. Place it in a medium pot and add in the chicken or vegetable broth. Make sure the liquid is an inch or two above the grains, adding water if necessary. Add salt and a tsp. of olive oil.
Bring to a boil over high heat, then turn to medium heat and simmer uncovered, stirring frequently, for 30-45 minutes for whole grain Farro and 20-25 minutes for semi-pearled or semi-perlato Farro. Or follow package directions for cooking times.
Once cooked, drain in a colander, and rinse with cold water and set aside to cool and drain.
Meanwhile, whisk together olive oil, lemon juice, Greek seasoning and garlic in a large bowl.
Add in diced tomatoes, cucumber, red pepper, red onion and Feta, toss to coat.
Stir in the Farro until completely coated in the dressing, add salt and pepper to taste. Check for seasonings, you may want more Greek seasoning, lemon juice or oil.
Chill in the fridge for a couple hours to let the flavors meld.
This is good served at room temperature or cold.
For a nice presentation, serve on lettuce leaves and sprinkle with fresh herbs.

Submitter: 
WestCoastMom
Description: 
This is a great alternative to a cold pasta salad as Farro doesn't get soggy and holds up to the dressing very well. Farro is an ancient Mediterranean grain, so I wanted to merge it with a Greek style salad that's perfect for summer time. This is great served with grilled lamb or chicken. Add black olives or fresh herbs to your liking!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
