URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64425171/klunkers-spinach-or-kale-mushroom-lasagna-w-cauliflower-sauce/
Title:
Klunkers Spinach or Kale Mushroom Lasagna w Cauliflower Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pkg lasagna noodles
For the filling:
20 oz. mushrooms, cleaned and sliced thin.  I used button and cremini.
2 16oz. bags of frozen chopped spinach, thawed and all the excess water squeezed out (I used a clean dish towel, put the thawed spinach in the middle and then twisted all the water out)
4 cloves garlic, peeled, smashed and chopped fine
1 medium yellow onion, peeled and chopped small (1/4 inch)
1/4 tsp. salt and pepper
For the sauce:
1 large head cauliflower, cleaned and broken down into medium sized florets
1c plant based milk, I used cashew milk
4 cloves garlic, cleaned and smashed
1/2c nutritional yeast
1/4 tsp. salt
dash of white pepper

Directions:
9x13 glass pan
Cook noodles. Rinse in cold water when done. Meanwhile, in a large saute pan over medium heat, saute the onions, garlic and mushrooms.  Saute for 10 minutes, or until most of the liquid is gone.  Add the drained chopped spinach, stir well and cook another 5 minutes.  Set this mix aside to cool a bit.
In a large pot, place the broken down cauliflower and about 8 cups water.  Place on stove on high heat, and bring to a boil.  Once it comes to a boil, cover and reduce the heat to medium high.  Cover and cook for about 10 minutes, or until the cauliflower is very tender. (Use a sharp knife and test)
When the cauliflower has cooked, drain well.  I let it sit in the strainer for about 5 minutes.
Add the cooked cauliflower, milk, garlic and nutritional yeast to a blender and blend on high until very smooth.  Add the salt and pepper and blend another minute.
Take 1 cup of the sauce and add it to the filling, and stir well.
Preheat oven 350
Pour half the sauce in the bottom of the 9x13 pan and then place half noodles in the pan.
Top with the other half of noodles, pour over the rest of the sauce.
Cover the pan with parchment paper and then aluminum foil.  Place in the oven and bake for about 15 minutes.  Remove the top and cook another 5 minutes.
Remove from oven and let sit for 5 minutes, then serve.

Submitter: 
Wilma Laura Wiggins
Description: 
Creamy vegetable lasagna
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
75 min
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
