URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64429098/lime-macarons/
Title:
Lime Macarons Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2324535.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups icing sugar
1 cup almond flour
3 egg whites, at room temperature
Green gel food coloring
2 Tbsp. granulated sugar
Lime buttercream:
1 cup icing sugar
1/2 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature
2 Tbsp. lime juice

Directions:
Line 2 baking sheets with parchment.
Pass icing sugar and almond flour through a sieve into a medium bowl. Discard any course grinds. Set aside.
Beat egg whites in the bowl of a stand mixer on medium, until frothy, about 30 sec. Beat in food coloring for desired color, about 1/8 teaspoon. Continue beating while adding granulated sugar in a thin, steady stream. Increase speed to medium-high and beat until stiff peaks form when beaters are lifted, about 1 min.
Fold half of almond mixture into egg whites until almost combined. Gently fold in remaining almond mixture until no streaks remain (mixture will look like thick cake batter).
Fit a piping bag with a 1/2 inch round tip. Fill bag with batter. Pipe 1 to 1 1/4 inch wide rounds onto prepared sheets 1 inch apart. If piped rounds have stiff peaks, smack the bottom of the sheets on counter a few times until tops are smooth, or smooth tops using a damp finger.
Let macarons rest in a cool place until the surface of the batter feels dry when touched, about 1 hour.
Preheat oven to 280 F.
Bake in top and bottom thirds of oven, switching sheets halfway through, until macarons are firm and dry to the touch, 16-18 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool completely.
Beat icing sugar and butter in the bowl of a stand mixer on medium-low until smooth, about 1 minute. Add lime juice. Increase speed to medium-high and beat until light and fluffy, 1 more minute.
Spread or pipe a heaping teaspoon of buttercream on half the macarons. Sandwich with remaining macarons.

Submitter: 
The Wallace Clan
Description: 
AMAZING!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 min
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
