URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64421571/french-toast-roll-ups/
Title:
FRENCH TOAST ROLL-UPS Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8 slices white sandwich bread (the soft, fluffy type)
peanut butter, jelly, cream cheese, dulce de leche, cajeta or nutella
2 eggs
3 tablespoons milk
1/3 cup granulated sugar
1 heaping teaspoon ground cinnamon
butter, for greasing the pan
maple syrup, for serving
INSTRUCTIONS:
Trim the crust from the bread and flatten it out with a rolling pin.
Place about a teaspoon or 2 of your chosen filling an inch from one end of the bread spread out in a strip. Roll the bread up and repeat until they're all filled.
In a shallow bowl whisk the eggs and milk until well combined.
In a separate bowl mix the sugar with the cinnamon.
In a skillet set over medium heat melt a tablespoon of butter.
Add the rolls to the egg turning to coat on all sides then place them in the pan seam side down. Cook in batches until golden brown, turning them to cook and brown on all sides. Add butter to the pan as needed.
Add the hot rolls from the pan to the cinnamon sugar and roll until completely covered in sugar.
Serve with maple syrup for dunking.

Directions:
Trim the crust from the bread and flatten it out with a rolling pin.
Place about a teaspoon or 2 of your chosen filling an inch from one end of the bread spread out in a strip. Roll the bread up and repeat until they're all filled.
In a shallow bowl whisk the eggs and milk until well combined.
In a separate bowl mix the sugar with the cinnamon.
In a skillet set over medium heat melt a tablespoon of butter.
Add the rolls to the egg turning to coat on all sides then place them in the pan seam side down. Cook in batches until golden brown, turning them to cook and brown on all sides. Add butter to the pan as needed.
Add the hot rolls from the pan to the cinnamon sugar and roll until completely covered in sugar.
Serve with maple syrup for dunking.
Notes:
Adapted from Pati's Mexican Table
Copyright ©2013 Cinnamon Spice and Everything Nice by Reeni Pisano All Rights Reserved.

Submitter: 
Gina Lee Lafreniere
Description: 
Serve with maple syrup for dunking...Adapted from Pati's Mexican Table
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
20
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
