URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64424127/chocolate-cream-pie/
Title:
Chocolate Cream Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2309620.jpg
Ingredients:
CRUST
6 oz chocolate wafer cookies, finely ground
4 1/2 tbsp unsalted butter, melted
2 tbsp granulated sugar
Pinch of fine sea salt
FILLING
2 cups whole milk
1/2 cup plus 2 tbsp granulated sugar
3 egg yolks
1/4 cup cornstarch
1/4 tsp fine sea salt
4 oz semisweet chocolate, chopped
1 oz unsweetened chocolate, chopped
3/4 cup heavy cream
1 tsp pure vanilla extract
Chocolate shavings, for garnish

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350°. In a medium bowl, mix the cookie crumbs with the butter, sugar and salt until the crumbs are evenly moistened. Pour the mixture into a 9-inch glass pie dish and press evenly over the bottom and up the side of the dish to form a crust. Bake for 8 minutes, until the crust is fragrant. Remove from the oven and, using the bottom of a drinking glass, immediately press the crumbs again to compact the crust. Let cool completely.
In a medium saucepan, heat the milk with 1/4 cup of the sugar until bubbles form around the edge. In a large bowl, whisk the egg yolks with 1/4 cup of the sugar, the cornstarch and salt. Gradually whisk in the hot milk mixture. Pour the mixture into the saucepan and cook over moderate heat, whisking constantly, until very thick, about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the semisweet and unsweetened chocolate until smooth. Strain the chocolate filling into the pie crust through a coarse sieve and smooth the surface with a rubber spatula. Press a piece of plastic wrap directly on the surface of the pie filling and refrigerate for 3 hours, until chilled.
Let the pie stand at room temperature for 10 minutes. Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, beat the cream with the remaining 2 tablespoons of sugar and the vanilla until firm. Spread the whipped cream over the pie, cut into wedges and serve, garnished with chocolate shavings.

Submitter: 
Sophie Pipilas
Description: 
A dreamy creamy version of chocolate pudding.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
40
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
