URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64423017/big-rays-drunken-fruit-cobbler/
Title:
Big Ray's Drunken Fruit Cobbler Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2306276.jpg
Ingredients:
Filling:
1 tbsp butter
4 cup fresh peach, sliced or 2 cans peaches in syrup, drained
2 tbsp brown sugar
1 tsp vanilla extract
1 1/2 fl oz jigger whiskey
Topping:
1 3/4 cups flour
4 tsp baking powder
1/2 tsp cinnamon
1/2 tsp salt
1/2 cup canola oil
1 large egg
1/2 cup applesauce, unsweetened
2 tbsp raw honey or maple syrup
Sesame or chia seeds, slivered almonds, for topping (optional)

Directions:
Melt butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add the peaches, and cook for about 10 minutes,(half the time if using canned) stirring occasionally. Mix in the brown sugar, vanilla, and whiskey; simmer over medium heat for about 20 minutes, until peaches are soft and the sauce has darkened.
Place filling into a greased 2 quart baking dish in an even layer. Set aside.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a large bowl, whisk to combine flour, baking powder, cinnamon and salt. Add oil and cut it into the dry ingredients with a pastry cutter, fork or I prefer hands, until dough is crumbly and oil is well incorporated into flour.
In a small bowl, whisk the egg and then whisk in applesauce and honey. Pour into the bowl from a previous step and mix with spatula until thick wet dough forms. Drop spoon fulls of dough on top of fruit filling evenly. Sprinkle with any toppings you have on hand, like slivered almonds, sesame or chia seeds etc.
Bake for 40 minutes (cover loosely with parchment paper if top starts to brown before filling is bubbling) or until filling is bubbling on edges. Serve warm with optional ice cream on top.
Storage Instructions: Refrigerate covered for up to 5 days.

Submitter: 
bfr610
Description: 
I have used apple, banana, strawberries and rhubarb & strawberry mixture for the filling.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
