URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64427823/chicken-breasts-stuffed-with-perfection/
Title:
Chicken Breasts Stuffed with Perfection Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - pounded thin
1 (8 ounce) bottle Italian-style salad dressing
1-1/2 cups Italian bread crumbs
3/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1/8 teaspoon pepper
1 1/2 cups goat cheese, crumbled
3/4 cup sour cream
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
3 cloves garlic, minced
4 cups chopped fresh spinach
1 bunch green onions, chopped
1 cup mushrooms, sliced
1 (8 ounce) jar oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes, chopped

Directions:
Place chicken breasts in a large resealable plastic bag. Pour in Italian dressing, seal tightly, and refrigerate at least 1 hour.
In a large bowl, stir together the goat cheese and sour cream. Set aside.
Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-low heat. Stir in the garlic. Then add the spinach, and cook until it wilts. Stir in green onions, cook 2 minutes. Remove spinach to a plate, and leave any liquid in the pan. Stir in mushrooms, and saute until soft. Remove mushrooms to plate with spinach. Allow to cool briefly, then combine spinach and mushrooms with goat cheese and sour cream mixture.
Stir the sun-dried tomatoes into the mixture, and spread onto a large cookie sheet. Place in the freezer for about 20-30 minutes.
Mix bread crumbs, parmesan and pepper together.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Place chicken breasts on a cookie sheet, and place about 3 tablespoons of the filling mixture in the center of each breast. Roll the breasts, and secure with a toothpick. Transfer chicken breasts to a baking dish, and sprinkle breadcrumb mixture over chicken breasts.
Bake, uncovered, in a preheated oven for 25 minutes.

Submitter: 
Jean
Description: 
An impressive dish to serve for company. Chicken breasts are rolled around a delicious filling of feta cheese, sour cream, spinach, sun-dried tomatoes, garlic, and mushrooms. Then coated with a breadcrumb mixture and baked. They are easily prepared a day ahead.Modified from: Chicken Breasts Stuffed with Perfection
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
2 h 45 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
