URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64421246/big-rays-chicken-paprikash-for-crock-pots/
Title:
Big Ray's Chicken Paprikash for Crock Pots Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2302089.jpg
Ingredients:
2 1/2 lb. skinless chicken thighs
2 tsp Hungarian paprika
1/2 tsp salt
1/4 tsp fresh ground pepper
1 large onion, coarsely chopped
1/3 cup flour
2 cup chicken broth
1/2 cup sour cream
egg noodles or spaetzel

Directions:
place chicken in large, unheated nonstick skillet. Sprinkle 1 tsp paprika over thighs. Turn thighs over and sprinkle remaining paprika over thighs. Sprinkle salt and pepper over top of thighs (I never measure the paprika, I just cover till you can't cover no more, just so they are COVERED).
Place skillet on burner with medium heat and sear thighs, watch carefully as there is no oil or water.  Cook about 3 minutes without turning or moving until nicely browned.  Turn over and cook an additional 1 to 2 minutes until other side has browned as well (a small bit of water may be added for second side to prevent over browning).
Put chicken in slow cooker.  Place onions into drippings in skillet (if there is not a lot of drippings from browning thighs, you can add about 1 Tbl olive oil). Saute onions for 3 to 4 minutes until limp and turn off heat, then add flour, mixing well.  Add chicken broth and over medium heat, stirring well until mixture starts to thicken.
Pour thicken broth over thighs, cover and cook for 6 to 8 hours on low.  30 minutes before serving, mix sour cream with 1 Tbl flour in small bowl.  Add a few Tbl of liquid from slow cooker to warm sour cream up (to help prevent from curdling).  Add sour cream mixture to slow cooker and stir carefully. The chicken will be very tender and if you stir too vigorously it will break apart.
Serve over wide egg noodles or if you can, spaetzel.

Submitter: 
bfr610
Description: 
The perfect Hungarian comfort food. Serve over wide egg noodles or if you can, homemade spaetzel.  If there is food served in Heaven, I am sure this is on the menu!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
