URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64424387/caramel-peanut-butter-crunch-cake/
Title:
Caramel Peanut Butter Crunch Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2310416.jpg
Ingredients:
CAKE:
1 cup all-purpose flour
1 1/4 cup sugar
3 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
2 cups graham cracker crumbs
3/4 Peanut butter
1/2 cup shortening
1 cup plus 2 tablespoons milk
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
3 eggs
CARAMEL SAUCE:
1/2 cup butter
1 cup packed brown sugar
1/2 cup light corn syrup
7 ounces sweetened condensed milk
1 tablespoons whipping cream
1 teaspoons vanilla
1 teaspoons flaked fleur de sel (sea salt)
NOUGAT:
4 tablespoons unsalted butter
1 cup granulated sugar
¼ cup evaporated milk
1½ cups marshmallow fluff/cream
¼ cup creamy peanut butter
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1½ cups salted peanuts, roughly chopped
FROSTING:
1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature
8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature
1/2 cup salted caramel sauce
4 cups powdered sugar

Directions:
CAKE:
Preheat oven to 375°. Grease and flour 2, 8" round pans or 2 cupcake pans (24 cupcakes total.) Sift flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt together. Add graham cracker crumbs, peanut butter, shortening, milk, and vanilla. Beat mixture with electric mixer on low until moistened, and then beat on medium for 2 minutes. Add eggs and beat for 1 minute. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes, or until cake passes the toothpick test. Remove and cool completely.
CARAMEL SAUCE:
In a heavy saucepan over medium heat, bring butter, brown sugar, corn syrup and sweetened condensed milk to a boil, stirring constantly. Carefully stir in whipping cream. Attach a candy thermometer to your pan. Continue to stir until the caramel reaches 238 degrees, or the soft ball stage. Remove from heat and add vanilla and salt. Set aside and allow to cool.
NOUGET:
Melt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the sugar and evaporated milk, stirring until dissolved, and bring to a boil.
Reduce the heat to low and cook for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Remove the pan from heat and add the marshmallow fluff, peanut butter, and vanilla extract, stirring until completely smooth. Fold in the peanuts. Let the mixture cool to room temperature before using. You can do this leaving it at room temperature or you can pop it into the refrigerator to speed up the process.
FROSTING:
Beat together the butter and cream cheese on medium-high speed for 5 minutes. Pour in the salted caramel (optional) and beat until combined. Reduce the speed to medium-low and slowly add the powdered sugar, a little at a time, until it has all been incorporated. Increase the speed to medium-high and beat for an additional two to three minutes, until light and fluffy.
ASSEMBLE:

Submitter: 
Apron Appeal
Description: 
Show stopping gooey goodness
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
6 h
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
