URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64425150/cauliflower-pizza-crust/
Title:
Cauliflower Pizza Crust Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2312760.jpg
Ingredients:
1 head cauliflower
2 eggs
3/4 cup shredded mozzarella
1/4 cup grated parmesan
1/2 tsp dried oregano
1/4 tsp dried basil
1/2 tsp garlic powder
1/2 tsp salt
1/4 tsp black pepper
Nonstick cooking spray

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425 degrees Farenheit.  Place pizza stone in oven to warm up (or use a pan if you don't have a pizza stone)
Rinse off head of cauliflower.  Cut into large chunks and remove leaves and core.
Place cauliflower chunks into a blender and fill halfway with water.  Blend until cauliflower is very finely chopped and has the consistency of cornmeal.  Pour cauliflower and water into a mesh strainer and drain.
Place cauliflower in a microwave-safe bowl and cover.  Cook for 6 minutes (until soft).
Pour cauliflower into mesh strainer.  Push out as much water as you can with the back of a spoon or your hands.
Once cauliflower has cooled enough to handle, place it in the center of a tea towel.  Twist the ends of the towel to create a little ball of cauliflower inside the towel.  Squeeze out as much water as possible. (google this for pictures showing how to do this if my directions aren't clear!).  I recommend doing this over a bowl - one time I twisted too much and the pressure caused the towel to split open.
In a large bowl, lightly beat two eggs.  Then add cauliflower, mozzarella, parmesan, oregano, basil, garlic powder, salt, and pepper.  Mix well.
Lay a sheet of parchment paper on a cutting board or metal pan.  Spray with cooking spray.
Place cauliflower dough onto parchment paper.  Divide into pizzas as desired - I recommend making 2-4 small pizzas instead of 1 large pizza to have it cook a little more evenly.  The edges are the best part of the crust, so the smaller pizzas have more crust!  Spread out dough and shape into pizzas.  If desired, leave a little ridge around the edge to serve as the crust.
Bake for 10-15 minutes, or until crust is starting to brown.

Submitter: 
HDN
Description: 
A really delicious way to eat extra veggies! You don't taste the cauliflower at all!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
