URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64424168/healthier-chicken-enchilada-casserole/
Title:
Healthier Chicken Enchilada Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, trimmed and cut in half lengthwise into two pieces
Chicken broth (optional)
Mexican Oregano (optional)
Ancho Chile Powder (optional)
2 cans (15 oz.) mild or medium green chile enchilada sauce (If you need gluten-free, look for Hatch Gluten Free or La Victoria brand).  La Frontera is the best green enchilada sauce I've found near my house, and I like Chi Chis red enchilada sauce.  The Old El Paso enchilada sauces are gross!
Whole Green Chilies, 27-Ounce Can
4 oz. reduced-fat cream cheese, room temperature
1/2 cup low-fat sour cream
2 cups grated low-fat mozzarella

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees Fahrenheit.  Spray a 9x13" casserole dish with nonstick spray.
Trim chicken breasts and cut each one in half lengthwise.  Put chicken into a small shallow pan, cover with water, and simmer over low heat until the chicken is done, about 15 minutes.  (OPTIONAL: cover with chicken broth instead of water.  Add oregano and child powder to water to add additional flavor).  Drain chicken into a colander in the sink. Remove to cutting board to cool.
Put the enchilada sauce into a small saucepan and simmer over low heat until the sauce has thickened and reduced to about 2 cups, about 20 minutes.  Turn off the heat and stir in the cream cheese and sour cream.
After you remove the chicken, drain the can of whole green chiles into the colander and let them drain for a few minutes.  Then one at a time, use your fingers to split the chiles open and remove the seeds, piling them into two piles so you can make two equal layers in the casserole.  (If chiles still seem wet, you can blot them with a paper towel, but I didn't need to do that.)
When the chicken is cool enough to handle, shred apart into bite-sized pieces.
Layer half the green chiles into the bottom of the casserole dish, arranging them so the whole surface is covered as much as you can.  Over that make a layer of half the chicken, 1 1/2 cups of the sauce, and 1 cup of the grated cheese.  Make another layer each of green chiles, chicken, sauce, and cheese.
Cover with foil and bake for 20 minutes.  Remove foil and bake for another 20 minutes, or until the casserole is bubbling and cheese is melted and browning on top.  Let sit about 5 minutes before cutting.  Serve hot.
This will keep in the fridge for several days and can be reheated in the microwave, and also freezes well.

Submitter: 
HDN
Description: 
I didn't even miss the tortillas! Adapted from www.kalynskitchen.com/2014/01/green-chile-chicken-mock-enchilada-casserole.html.  Serve with Easy Black Beans for a meal idea.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
