URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64439417/red-white-and-blueberry-trifle/
Title:
Red, White and Blueberry Trifle Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Two 16-ounce containers strawberries
Two 6-ounce containers blueberries
One 6-ounce container blackberries
3/4 cup granulated sugar
1/2 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest
2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice
Pinch kosher salt
One 8-ounce package cream cheese
2 cups heavy cream
1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
1 prepared angel food cake (about 12 ounces)
Confectioners' sugar, for garnish, optional
1 1/2 tablespoons apple jelly or apricot preserves, for garnish, optional
Read more at:

Directions:
Trim and quarter the strawberries and set aside.
Combine the blueberries, blackberries, 1/2 cup granulated sugar, 1/3 cup water, lemon zest, juice and salt in a medium sauce pot.
Bring to a simmer over medium heat and continue to cook, stirring occasionally, until the berries break down and the sauce thickens, 15 to 20 minutes.
Remove from the heat and cool.
Place the cream cheese, 1/4 cup cream, the remaining 1/4 cup granulated sugar and the vanilla extract in a large bowl and beat on medium speed until smooth and fluffy.
In a second large bowl, whip the remaining cream until stiff peaks form.
Fold about one-quarter of the whipped cream into the cream cheese mixture until lightened, and then fold in the remaining whipped cream.
To assemble the trifle, rip or cut the angel food cake into 2-inch pieces.
Place half the cake pieces in the bottom of a 12-to-14-cup trifle dish or large bowl.
Top with about half the blueberry sauce, half the cream and half the quartered strawberries.
Repeat the layers with the remaining cake, berry sauce, cream and strawberries.
Cover with plastic wrap and chill 8 hours or overnight.
Before serving either dust with confectioners' sugar or heat the apple jelly in the microwave for 25 seconds to loosen, and then brush over the strawberries.

Submitter: 
Christine Denstaedt
Description: 
This is a beautiful and delicious dessert.Made it this morning and served it 9 hours later. Even better if it was able to sit overnight.This BY FAR is my favorite recipe! It is delicious and decadent without being overly sweet.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 min
Ready in:
8 hr 45 min
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
