URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64438284/summer-squash-casserole/
Title:
Summer Squash Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2351391.jpg
Ingredients:
5-6 cups Summer Squash, any kind (e.g. Zucchini, yellow, pan…etc.) cut into ½ to 3/4 inch cubes
2 Tsp canola oil
1/2 large onion, chopped in approx.  ¼ inch dice
30 buttery round crackers, crushed (this quantity is approx. one sleeve of crackers)
1 ½ cup shredded Cheddar cheese
1/2 small can (2.8 oz.) fried onions (crumble large pieces)
1/2 tsp. dried thyme
1/2 tsp garlic powder
2 eggs, beaten
4 strips bacon cooked, drained and crumbled
3/4 cup heavy cream or whole milk
6 Tbsp. butter, melted
1/4 teaspoon salt
Ground black pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Place one tablespoon melted butter, and 2 tsp canola oil in a skillet. Heat oil/butter mixture then add cubed squash and onion, thyme and garlic powder in a large skillet over medium heat.  Stir frequently so that squash and onions do not stick.  Sauté until squash is tender, about 5 minutes. Cook covered for a couple of minutes until squash exudes juices, then remove cover, continue to cook so that juices evaporate. Remove well drained squash, onion, garlic powder and thyme to a bowl.
In a medium bowl, mix together cracker crumbs, 1/2 can of crumbled fried onions, cheese, remaining 5 Tbsp. butter, salt and pepper. Reserve 1 cup of the crumb/cheese mixture for topping.
Stir remaining (NOT the reserved portion) of the cracker mixture into the cooked squash and onions. Add crumbled cooked Bacon to squash mixture and stir well.
In a small bowl, mix together eggs and milk, then add to squash mixture. Mix well. Spread into a greased 9x13 inch baking dish.
Sprinkle reserved portion of the remaining cracker mixture all over the top of casserole.
Bake in preheated oven for 25 minutes, or until lightly browned.

Submitter: 
Ellen Bancroft Ziegler
Description: 
This easy dish is a family favorite on the buffet table when we have summer birthday or summer celebration parties. It makes a really nice side dish to any BBQ and will reheat nicely in the microwave. The cheesy cracker and dried onion mixture will encourage any fussy kids to eat their vegetables!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
45 min.
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
