URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64432884/brushetta/
Title:
Brushetta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 - 7 ripe plum tomatoes
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 tbsp extra virgin olive oil
1 tsp balsamic vinegar
6 - 8 basil leaves, chopped
1 tsp kosher salt, or to taste
1/2 tsp ground black pepper, or to taste
1 baguette, French bread or similar Italian bread
1/4 cup olive oil

Directions:
Cut out the stem of the tomatoes with a pairing knife. Cut them into halves or quarters and squeeze out most of the juices and seeds.
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F with a rack in the top slot of the oven. Finely chop the tomatoes and place them in a medium bowl. Mix in the garlic, extra virgin olive oil, and the balsamic vinegar. Stir in the basil and add the salt and pepper to taste.
Use a bread knife to slice the baguette on the diagonal making each slice a half-inch thick. Trust one side of each slice with olive oil and place olive oil-side down on a baking sheet or roasting pan. The baguette slices will toast best on the top rack of the oven, so you may need to work in batches to toast them all. When the oven reaches 450 degrees, place the slices in the oven and toast for 5 - 6 minutes until lightly browned around the edges.
Arrange the toasted bread on a platter, olive oil side facing up (the olive oil helps create a temporary barrier keeping the bread from getting soggy from the tomatoes). Either serve the toasts plain with a bowl of the tomato brushetta mixture on the side for people to top on their own, or use a spoon to gently top each toasted bread slice with some of the tomato mixture. If you top each slice individually, do it right before serving.

Submitter: 
Adam Venn
Description: 
This is one of my favourite appetizers - easy and fairly quick to make. Its perfect for date night, or a gathering with friends and family.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
