URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64439186/shredded-bbq-seitan/
Title:
Shredded BBQ Seitan Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Baked Seitan
2 cups vital wheat gluten
1 Tbsp onion powder
1 tsp garlic powder
1 tsp smoked paprika
1 tsp black pepper
1/2 tsp oregano
1.5 cups water
1/4 cup tamari
2 Tbsp vegetarian "oyster" sauce
2 Tbsp tahini
Barbecue Sauce
1 cup yellow onion, chopped
2 cloves garlic, diced
2 cups fire roasted tomatoes
1/4 cup prepared yellow mustard not ground mustard, but liquid
2 Tbsp black strap molasses
2 Tbsp agave or maple syrup
juice from one lemon
2 tsp soy sauce
1/2 tsp ground allspice
1/2 tsp crushed red pepper
2 Tbsp chopped parsley
1 tsp liquid smoke optional

Directions:
Combine in a large bowl and whisk together the dry ingredients of wheat gluten powder, spices, and herbs.
In a medium bowl, mix together the remaining ingredients of water, tamari, "oyster" sauce, and tahini.
Add the wet mixture to the dry mixture. It will thicken very quickly. Begin to knead everything together for approximately 3 minutes.
Set to the side and allow to rest for 10 minutes. Then knead another 2-3 minutes. The longer you knead, the chewier the seitan will be after baked.
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and press seitan into the pan. Bake at 325 for 40 minutes.
Remove from oven, cut in half, and place in crock pot with with barbecue sauce. Allow to cook on low for 1 hour. By allowing the seitan to cook slowly in the barbecue sauce for at least an hour, it achieves a tender, pulled texture.
Remove from crock pot. Use a couple of forks to pull and shred the seitan apart. This can be shredded in a food processor, but I like mine chunkier and did it by hand. Then place back into the crock pot with barbecue sauce and cook 6-8 hours on low.
Serve warm on whole grain buns. We added fresh spinach leaves and sliced onion to ours. Delish!

Submitter: 
Wilma Laura Wiggins
Description: 
This sweet and tangy vegan shredded barbecue made in a slow cooker is out-of-this-world! Unbelievably delicious!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
10 h 25 min
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
