URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64432199/chicken-breasts-in-caper-cream-sauce/
Title:
Chicken Breasts in Caper Cream Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoon dried dill weed
2 teaspoon garlic powder
6 tablespoons butter
1 cup whipping cream
4 tablespoons capers, drained and rinsed
1/2 cup white wine
Four stars as written, as I believe that with just cream the sauce would lack dimension and would be rather flat. I embellished upon the recipe which made this dish a solid five star recipe. The chicken, which I seasoned only with salt and freshly ground pepper, developed a much more appealing look and color dredged in flour before sautéing. Once I turned it over I covered it just briefly to make sure it was cooked through. After removing the chicken to set aside, I deglazed the pan with about 1/4 c. of white wine, then added the cream, a good squeeze of lemon (didn't use the lemon pepper at all), and now the dill. I used only two chicken breasts but kept the sauce measurements the same (essentially doubled the sauce), and it was just the right amount. If prepared with the amount of sauce as the recipe directs it would be pretty skimpy! The chicken was moist, tender and flavorful, with a rich, creamy lemon/caper/wine/dill sauce that made an already good chicken something extraordinarily delicious. I served this with cappellini pasta and "Spaghetti Squash Saute," also from this site. This was an outrageously delicious dish, a definite "make again." This cooking method and the sauce, by the way, would also be wonderful with salmon or other types of fish as well!

Directions:
Season chicken breasts with, salt, dill weed, and garlic powder.
Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Place breasts in skillet, and increase heat to medium-high. Turn chicken frequently, until brown, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium, and cook 5 to 7 minutes, until breasts are cooked through. Remove chicken to a warm serving platter, and cover with foil.
Return skillet to stove, and increase heat to high. Whisk in whipping cream, whisking continuously until reduced to sauce consistency, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir in capers. Pour sauce over chicken, and serve.

Submitter: 
Richard Farrell
Description: 
A family favorite, these chicken breasts get the full-flavored treatment: these are smothered in a creamy dill and caper sauce, and seasoned with lemon pepper and garlic powder.Modified from: Chicken Breasts in Caper Cream Sauce
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
20 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
