URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64437869/scallion-kimchi-and-fried-egg-tortillas/
Title:
Scallion Kimchi and Fried Egg tortillas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
for the kimchi:
about 12 green onions
1/4 cup fish sauce (or more, depending)
3/4 cup water
2 tbsp sweet rice flour (also called mochiko flour, or chapssal garu; optional, see below)
1/4 cup pureed or minced garlic
2 tsp pureed or minced ginger
1/2 cup gochugaru (Korean hot pepper powder), or more or less depending on your spice preference
for the tortillas:
3/4 cup (about 94g) all-purpose flour
1/4 tsp salt
1/4 tsp baking powder
1 tbsp vegetable oil (or more or less, see Notes below)
1/4 cup warm water
to assemble:
4-6 eggs, depending on the number of tortillas

Directions:
At least two days before making the tortillas, make the scallion kimchi. Place scallions in a long dish. Pour enough fish sauce over the scallions to cover the bottom of the dish, let the onions marinate in the fish sauce for an hour, turning every 20 minutes until wilted. Meanwhile, whisk together the water and sweet rice flour in a medium sauce pot, bring to a simmer. When the mixture forms thick bubbles, remove from heat. Add garlic, ginger, and gochugaru, stir til combined. Drain the fish sauce from the scallions, add 1/4 cup of fish sauce to the kimchi marinade. Mix well, combine with scallions until the onions are well-coated in red pepper paste. Seal tightly in an airtight container, leaving some room, and let sit at room temperature for 1-2 days. Place in refrigerator for up to 6 months. For the tortillas: In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, salt, and baking powder. Add oil and warm water and mix with a wooden spoon until the mixture begins to form a dough. Knead in the bowl until the dough forms a smooth, elastic ball. Separate into four to six pieces and gently flatten each ball with your palm into a small, flat circle. Cover with a damp towel and let rest for 15 minutes. When ready to make the tortillas, roll out each circle of dough on a lightly-floured surface. Divided into six pieces, roll out to 5- or 6-inch tortilla.Heat a cast-iron skillet over medium heat.Lower the heat to medium-low, then place one tortilla on the skillet. Let cook for about 30-45 seconds, or until tortilla is puffed and just brown in certain spots, then flip and let cook on the other side for another 20-30 seconds.To assemble: Slice scallion kimchi into small pieces. Fry eggs to your liking, season, place on tortilla and top with kimchi. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Lori Rowley-Sipple
Description: 
Adapted from Two Red Bowls
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 d
Ready in:
1 d and 30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
