URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64437814/homemade-coconut-milk-yogurt/
Title:
Homemade Coconut Milk Yogurt Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 c coconut milk
1T sweetener (raw sugar, honey, or maple syrup)
1t yogurt starter or probiotic powder (this amount can vary)
2t optional thickener (grass-fed gelatin, agar agar flakes or powder
starch-like tapioca or arrowroot)

Directions:
1) Heat the coconut milk and sweetener to barely a boil and remove from heat. In a glass bowl, allow the milk to cool to 115º F. While the coconut milk is cooling, if using, dissolve the thickener in another bowl using the necessary method. (A small amount of cool water for the gelatin, hot water for the agar agar and so on.) Once fully dissolved, add the thickener to the warm coconut milk. Stir well to combine.
2) Once the coconut milk reaches 115ºF add the yogurt starter (or probiotic powder), stir to combine. Pour the mixture into a very clean glass jar with a tight fitting lid (either washed with super hot, soapy water or run through the hottest cycle in your dishwasher). Cover and place in either your yogurt maker or an oven that is totally off with just the light on, the door shut and a towel wrapped around the jars of yogurt for extra insulation. I have a proofing setting on my oven that allows me to set it to 100ºF and that worked perfect. You can also keep the jars of yogurt in a cooler filled with hot water, on a low temperature heating pad, etc – basically you are looking to keep it at approximately 105ºF – 115ºF for the entire time it is culturing.
3) Allow the yogurt to culture for at least 8 hours but likely much longer, I personally find I like the flavor best when it has cultured for 16-24 hours. I like my yogurt tangy. This time may require some trial and error on your part to find what works best for you and your setup.
4) It will still be relatively thin at this point. Once ready, cover tightly and place in the fridge for at least 6 hours. This halts the fermentation, it will thicken as it cools, whether or not you added a thickener, obviously more so, however, if you added a thickener of some kind.

Submitter: 
Lori Rowley-Sipple
Description: 
Taken from Tasty Yummies.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 d
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
