URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64439413/quick-barbecue-beans/
Title:
Quick Barbecue Beans Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 ounces sliced bacon, cut into 1/2-inch strips
*additional pulled pork (optional)
1 cup finely diced yellow onion (about 1 medium onion)
2 tablespoons finely diced green bell pepper
1 tablespoon finely diced seeded jalapeño (about 1 small pepper)
1 teaspoon finely minced garlic (about 1 medium clove)
1 cup ketchup
3/4 cup dark brown sugar
1/2 cup apple juice
1/4 cup honey
2 tablespoons molasses
1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar
1 tablespoon barbecue rub
1 tablespoon yellow mustard
1 tablespoon hot sauce
1 (19-ounce) can pork and beans
1 (15.5-ounce) can butter beans, drained and rinsed
1 (15.5-ounce) can great northern beans, drained and rinsed
Kosher salt, to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 300°F. Place a 12-inch skillet or dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add bacon and cook until fat has rendered and bacon has crisped, 7-10 minutes. Transfer bacon to a paper towel-lined plate, leaving as much fat in the pan as possible.
Add onion to pan and cook, stirring occasionally, until onion softens and begins to brown around the edges, about 7 minutes. Stir in green pepper, jalapeño, and garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir in ketchup, brown sugar, apple juice, honey, molasses, vinegar, barbecue rub, mustard, hot sauce, and reserved bacon; bring to a simmer. Gently fold in pork and beans, butter beans, and great northern beans.
Transfer beans to oven and cook, uncovered, until beans are heated through and sauce has thickened, about 50 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool for 15 minutes. Season with salt. Serve immediately; alternatively, store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 1 week, or freeze. Reheat before serving.

Submitter: 
Christine Denstaedt
Description: 
Bacon gives the beans that must-have smoky flavor.
Canned pork and beans increases the meatiness even more.
Using a variety of beans adds a pleasing mixture of textures.
Cooking the beans using low heat in the oven not only gently warms the beans through, but also reduces the sauce, resulting in a deeper, more concentrated flavor.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
