URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64433893/louisiana-devils/
Title:
Louisiana Devils Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2339914.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 dozen large eggs
1 tbsp. mayonnaise
1 tbsp. Louisiana hot sauce, or your favorite brand
1/4 tsp. of onion powder
Dash of pepper
Dash of salt
Optional:
12 small slices cheddar cheese
Extra hot sauce

Directions:
In a saucepan, place eggs into enough cold water that eggs are covered. Put a lid on the saucepan, and heat eggs to a boil. When the eggs are just beginning to boil, remove saucepan from heat and set a timer for 15 minutes. Turn off the burner.
After 15 minutes, remove eggs from saucepan with a slotted spoon, pour out the hot water from your saucepan and replace with cold water. Place eggs back into the saucepan and allow to cool completely.
Once the eggs are cool enough to handle, crack and peel your eggs, disposing of the shells. Cut each egg lengthwise and remove yolks, reserving them in a separate bowl.
In the bowl with the yolks, add the mayonnaise, onion powder and hot sauce, and stir together until the yolk mixture is creamy and smooth. Spoon this mixture into the egg halves, and add a dash of salt and pepper to the top of each egg. Garnish the top of each egg with a slice of cheddar and a few drops of hot sauce, and enjoy!

Submitter: 
April Weller
Description: 
Over the holidays, my father introduced me to a new and improved way of eating hard-boiled eggs. Just put the egg on a plate, squirt some hot sauce on top, add a little salt and pepper, and there you go! It's needless to say that when I tried this combination, I thought it was the best thing since sliced bread. In fact, I loved them so much that I've been thinking about those darned eggs since January! And so, I decided to create a variation of the classic deviled egg incorporating that divine delicacy that I've been dreaming about!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min.
Ready in:
50 min. - 1 hr.
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
