URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64440139/moussaka/
Title:
Moussaka Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6710435.jpg
Ingredients:
2 large eggplants, sliced ¼ inch thick
2 large potatoes, sliced ¼ inch thick
2 tablespoons olive oil
½ lb lean ground beef
½ lb ground mild sausage
2 onions, finely chopped
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 (16 oz) can crushed tomatoes
2 tablespoons tomato paste
¼ teaspoon cinnamon
? teaspoon allspice
½ teaspoon parsley
½ teaspoon oregano
1 teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon pepper
1 bay leaf
½ cup red wine
1 egg, beaten
Bread crumbs for bottom of casserole dish
Bechamel Sauce
½ cup unsalted butter
½ cup plus 1 tablespoon flour
3 cups whole milk
2 teaspoons salt
½ teaspoon ground nutmeg
½ cup grated Parmesan cheese
2 egg yolks

Directions:
1. Sprinkle eggplant lightly with salt, and set aside for 30 minutes to draw out the moisture.
2. Fry a batch of eggplant in olive oil until lightly browned. Place  on fresh paper towels to soak up the oil. Repeat with remaining eggplant .
3.  Boil the potato slices. Boil for 5 minutes, drain, and rinse with cold water to prevent further cooking.
4. , In olive oil, brown the ground beef (evt. sausage). Add the onions and garlic and continue to cook about 5-7 minutes. Add the crushed tomatoes, tomato paste, all the seasonings, the bay leaf, and the wine. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to low, cover and simmer for 30 minutes. Remove the lid and allow it to simmer for another 10 minutes, or almost all of the liquid is absorbed.  Allow the sauce to cool, and then stir in beaten egg.
5. Sprinkle a thin, even layer of fine bread crumbs on the bottom of the dish. This will help absorb the liquid from the vegetables.
6. Arrange a layer of slightly overlapping potatoes on the bottom of a greased 9x13 inch baking dish. Next add a layer of eggplant slices, slightly overlapping them. Evenly spread out the meat sauce on top. Add another layer of eggplant. top with the béchamel sauce. (see notes)
7. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and bake, uncovered, for 1 hour.

Submitter: 
Jill Sander
Description: 
null
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
2 hrs
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
