URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64443739/raspberry-crumb-breakfast-bars/
Title:
"Raspberry Crumb Breakfast Bars" Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/5280727.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups all purpose flour
1 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar
1 1/4 cups rolled oats
3/4 tsp salt
3/4 tsp baking powder
1/2 tsp baking soda
1/2 tsp cinnamon
3/4 cup unsalted butter, cut into 1 inch pieces
RASPBERRY FILLING
1/4 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar
1 tbsp grated lemon zest
1/2 tsp cinnamon
2 tbsp all purpose flour
1 pound raspberries, fresh or frozen
1/4 cup fresh lemon juice
2 tbsp unsalted ubtter, melted and cooled

Directions:
Make the crust and crumb: preheat the oven to 350.  Butter the bottom and sides of a 9 x 13 inch baking pan.  Put a long piece of parchment paper in the bottom of the pan, letting the parchment extend up the two short sides of the pan and overhang slightly on both ends.  (this will make it easy to take the bars from the pan.)
Put the flour, brown sugar, oats, salt, baking powder, baking soda and cinnamon in a food processor.  Pulse in short bursts until combined.  Add the butter and pulse until loose crumbs form.
Reserve 1 1/2 cup of the mixture and set aside.
Pour the rest of the mixture into the prepared pan and push the crust into an even layer at the bottom of the pan.  The crust should touch the sides of the pan.
Bake until golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes.  Transfer to a wire rack and let the crust cool.
Keep the oven on while you make the raspberry filling
Make the raspberry filling:  In a medium bowl, whisk the sugar, lemon zest, cinnamon and flour together.  Add the raspberries, lemon juice and butter and use your hands to toss gently until the raspberries are evenly coated.
Assemble and bake the bars:  Spread the raspberry filling evenly on top of the cooled crust.  Sprinkle the reserved crust mixture evenly on top of the filling.
Bake 35 - 45 min, rotating every 15 min.  until filling starts to bubble around the edge
------------------------------------------------------------

Submitter: 
The Wallace Clan
Description: 
Good for breakfast or dessert
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
45 min
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
