URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64440693/pastelon/
Title:
Pastelon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lbs ground beef – extra lean if it isn’t organic folks!
3-4 extremely ripe plantains
1 onion
4-5 cloves garlic, minced (I love my garlic!)
1 green pepper
1/2 a bunch chopped cilantro – I never know how to communicate to others how much cilantro/parsley to use. I mean really, a cup doesn’t mean much when you can cram a pound of cilantro in there… so I say just use you judgement/taste preference.
2 t oregano
1/2 t salt
2 bay leaves
1/2 cup raisins
1/2 cup tomato sauce
4 eggs
3-4 T coconut oil/clarified butter/fat of choice

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350F. Grease an 8×8 square lasagna pan with  1 T fat of choice and set aside.
Combine 2 cloves garlic, all spices except bay leaves, and the beef, cilantro and onion. Mix with your hands and make sure it’s all mixed well.
Heat up 1 -2 T oil in pan and add garlic. Let it get fragrant and then add the meat. You want to brown the meat and make sure it’s nice and crumbly. Be sure to use a big enough pan! I had to do mine in batches… grumble grumble.
Once the meat is nice and brown, add the rest of the garlic, tomato paste, raisins, and bay leaves. Let it simmer on low – you want to let the spices mellow through the meat.
While the meat is simmer, cut your plantains up into thin, noodle sized slices (1/8? strips). This is trickier than it sounds when they’re ripe! So I suggest you buy more in case you have less noodles.
Heat up a different pan and add 1 T coconut oil. I would strongly suggest coconut oil here over anything else because it pairs so nicely with the ripe plantain flavor. Fry the slices for a couple minutes on each side on medium high heat. They should be nice and golden brown and smell amazing – that’s how you know they’re done. You have to stop yourself from eating one from the pan ;)
I let them sit on a paper towel to drain the excess oil – everything in moderation!
Whip you eggs and if you want – you can add a couple T of coconut milk to make them extra rich here.
Time to layer your lasagna! Start with a layer of plantains, then meat, then eggs. You want to end with a layer of plantains. If there’s meat left over – awesome! Guess what you can have for breakfast tomorrow with some sweet potatoes and eggs you lucky duck?
Bake for 25 – 30 minutes.

Submitter: 
Lori Rowley-Sipple
Description: 
Whole 30 Compliant
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
