URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64443582/ffv-veggie-dogs/
Title:
FFV Veggie Dogs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 medium onion, coarsely chopped
3 cloves garlic
3/4 cup cooked pinto beans, well-drained
1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons water
2 tablespoons coconut aminos or soy sauce
1 tablespoon tomato paste
2 teaspoons smoked paprika
1 teaspoon ground coriander
1 teaspoon ground mustard
1/2 teaspoon white or black pepper
1/4 teaspoon celery seed
1/4 teaspoon mace
1/8 teaspoon hickory smoked salt (optional)
1 cup vital wheat gluten
1/3 cup oatmeal (rolled or quick oats, uncooked)
2 tablespoons nutritional yeast
1 tablespoon ground flax seeds

Directions:
Put the onion and garlic into a food processor and pulse to chop finely. Heat a small non-stick skillet. Add onion and garlic and cook until onion is softened, about 3 minutes. Transfer onion mixture back to food processor.
Add the pinto beans, water, soy sauce, tomato paste, and all seasonings to the food processor. Blend until it’s a thin paste.
Combine remaining ingredients in a large bowl. Add the onion mix and stir until combined. Add up to 2 T more water if needed. Knead in the bowl for about two minutes until a heavy gluten “dough” is formed.
Cut off 8 pieces of aluminum foil or parchment paper, each about 6 inches long. Divide the gluten into 8 equal pieces. Roll a piece of gluten between the palms of your hands until it’s about the size and shape of a hot dog. Place it on the foil/paper and roll up. Roll the tube back and forth, pressing lightly with your hands, to give it an even shape, and then twist the ends closed. Repeat with the remaining gluten to form 8 veggie hot dogs.
Place all the veggie dogs in the top of a steamer, cover, and steam for 45 minutes. Remove from heat and allow to cool slightly before unwrapping. Store the veggie dogs in a covered container in the refrigerator. Warm gently in a frying pan or microwave or on a grill before serving.

Submitter: 
Wilma Laura Wiggins
Description: 
Hot dogs without the junk
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
