URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64442960/xmas-lasagna-cincinnati-enquirer-121874/
Title:
XMAS LASAGNA-Cincinnati Enquirer 12/18/74 Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 lbs lean ground beef
1 lb pork sausage
3-20oz cans italian tomatoes
20 oz can each tomato sauce and paste
1/2 c each ketchup and olive oil
1/4 lb mushrooms
3 large onions
2 green peppers
5 cloves garlic
1/2 tsp each oregano, parsley, salt, ground black pepper
1 tsp each worcestershire sauce and mixed italian seasonings
1 quart [repared spaghetti sauce
1 lbs each ricotta, sharp cheddar, and mozzerella cheeses
1/2 lb grated fresh parmesan cheese
3 lbs lasagna noodles

Directions:
you need 2 large cooking utensils to make the sauce, and 2 large baking pans for the final product. A dutch oven and a large soup kettle for the first and second phases of lasagna were used, then 2 big throw away aluminum baking dishes for the final phase.
In the dutch oven heat oil. meanwhile, dice/mince together the onion, green peppers, garlic, and mushrooms. put them in hot oil and cook until onion is yellow and transparent, but not brown. crumble in the meat and cook over relatively high heat until meat is gray and crumbly.
Stir frequently to keep it from being lumpy. when meat is cooked but not brown, transfer everything to the large cooking pot. The pot should be as large, but twice as big as the dutch oven.
Heat thoroughly, add all other ingredients except cheese and noodles. bring mixture to a low boil, reduce heat and let everything simmer for about 6 hours. stir every 5-10 minutes, so it doesn't burn or stick to the bottom of the pot.
cook noodles per box directions (unless using no boil noodles), cut 3 minutes off cooking time. drain noodles, rinse with cold water. drain again, and stir in a little oil to keep noodles from sticking.
rub oily hand around baking pans. line bottom of pans with noodles, then sauce, spread evenly. put cheese in random order, over the sauce. repeat until everything is used except the parmesan cheese.
TRY TO HAVE ENOUGH SAUCE FOR THE TOP LAYER. sprinkle parmesan cheese over the top, bake @ 325 F.

Submitter: 
KirbyZmom
Description: 
My husband tried this once, but prepared everything in one day, refridgerated overnight, and cooked the next day.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 d
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
50
Nutritional Facts:
NA
