URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64441002/fried-potato-spinach-momosdumplings/
Title:
Fried Potato Spinach Momos/Dumplings Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2359808.jpg
Ingredients:
For the dough :
Maida/all purpose flour - 2 cup
Vegetable Oil -  2 tsp
Salt to taste
For the filling:
Potato - 3
Spinach chopped - 1 cup
Red chilli powder - 1 1 /2 tsp
Garlic salt to taste
Oil for frying the momos.

Directions:
In bowl add all purpose flour ,salt, 2 tsp oil, water little by little and start kneading to form a smooth, firm dough. Cover dough and keep it aside for 30 minutes.
Peel the skin of potato, cut them into cubes and microwave for 5 minutes.
Wash the spinach and chop them into pieces.
Add the microwaved potatoes, spinach, red chilli powder, garlic salt and mash together to form the filling.
Make the log out of the dough and divide the dough into 16 equal portions.
Make ball out of each dough.Roll out each dough ball. The center needs to be thick and edges to be thin.Add 2 tsp of vegetable stuffing at the center.
You can shape it in 3 ways:  1) fold over the filling and seal the edges with your finger. I feel this is the easiest. 2) lift on one side and start pleating it.Join everything at the center 3) Join the edges and bring both the ends together and join.
Heat oil for frying. See that atleast 40%of the pan is covered with oil. Once the oil is hot, deep fry the momos till they are crisp and golden brown on both the sides. transfer it to paper towel to absorb any excess oil.
Deep fried Momos are now ready.Serve immediately and enjoy

Submitter: 
Sri Mallya
Description: 
This is my variation to traditional momos recipe where I have used only the potato and spinach for the filling and deep fried the momos. This is one of the best recipe I have tried with momos. Simple, tasty and delicious.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
