URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64447995/watermelon-jam/
Title:
Watermelon Jam Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8 cups watermelon (pureed), about 1/2 a medium watermelon
2 cups sugar
1/2 cup lemon juice fresh from 2-3 lemons
2 Tbsp Pomona's universal pectin powder
1 Tbsp calcium water(measured from 1/2 tsp Pomona's calcium powder mixed with 12 cup water)

Directions:
Sterilize your jars either by boiling them in a pot on the stove or running them through the sterilize cycle of your dishwasher. Leave them in the pot or dishwasher until needed, so they stay as clean as possible.
Stir the pectin powder into the sugar. This will keep it from clumping when you add it to the liquid. If you’re using Pamona’s, also make the calcium and water mixture. Set both mixtures aside.
Puree the watermelon. You have three options for this. a) If you have an immersion blender, scoop about half the flesh of a medium watermelon into a large bowl. Pulse away, then scoop out any of those little white seeds that may remain. Measure and make sure you have 8 cups. b) If you have a regular blender, blend in batches. Again, scoop out any of the little white seeds and measure. c) Mash it by hand. Remove seeds and measure.
Add the watermelon, lemon juice, and calcium mixture to a wide, deep pot. Bring to a boil. Stir occasionally. Add in the sugar mixture, stir, and boil for about 2 minutes. NOTE: Keep a close eye on the pot; temperatures can take a while to heat up, but then can change very quickly. Also, the watermelon will foam somewhat. Stirring will help keep that at bay. Ladle mixture into sterile jars. Fill large pot with water, bring to a boil, then add the filled, sealed jars of jam. Make sure they are submerged, then boil 10 minutes. Let cool, remove from water, then test the seals by unscrewing the ring part of the cover and gently lift the remaining flat part of the lid. If the seal holds, these jars can be stored for a year.  If a seal doesn’t hold, refrigerate and enjoy within three weeks…

Submitter: 
Kerleygirl
Description: 
Sunshine in a jar.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
