URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64441395/canada-day-three-berry-trifle/
Title:
Canada Day Three Berry Trifle Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2361029.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups washed fresh raspberries
1 1/2 cups washed, pitted and halved fresh cherries
1 1/2 cups washed, halved fresh strawberries
2 cups prepared and chopped into 1 inch cubes - angel food cake, pound cake or sponge cake
2 small packages of instant vanilla pudding
1 small package of raspberry jello, cherry jello and strawberry jello (sugar free or add sugar, your choice)
1 large container of frozen whipped topping, thawed in fridge
handful of nuts or reserved fruit for garnish

Directions:
Place cake in bottom of trifle bowl.  Prepare first jello as per package instructions and pour on cake. Push down.
Add first fruit of choice and place in refrigerator to chill for at least 45 minutes or more.
Prepare pudding and add to bowl and chill for 1/2 hour or more.  Prepare second jello and pour on top of pudding, add second fruit and chill for 45 minutes or more.  Prepare second pudding and add to bowl and chill for 1/2 hour or more.  Prepare third jello and pour on top of pudding, add third fruit and chill for 45 minutes or more.  Spread whipped topping over the top and garnish with reserved fruit, nuts, edible flowers or?

Submitter: 
Phoebe
Description: 
Trifle is my favourite dessert and I have been making it for decades, probably not the same way twice!  Some folks like to add sherry, jam, more layers, less layers, etc.  As is potato salad, it's a do your own thing!  As well, you can customize the fruits, jellos and puddings according to the fruits you have available;drained frozen and canned work well in a pinch.  Bananas, mandarin oranges, fresh peaches and blueberries are favourites and the presentation is always terrific!  A good dessert to make when you are doing other things and can walk away and come back to it as you have time.  :)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
5 hrs
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
