URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64449455/thirty-minute-mozzarella-cheese/
Title:
Thirty Minute Mozzarella Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 gallon Milk, not ultra-pasteurized
1 1/2 tsp. Citric Acid powder, dissolved in 1/4 cup room-temperature water
1/4 tsp. Liquid Rennet or 1/2 tablet Rennet, dissolved in 1/4 cup room-temperature water
1 tsp. Cheese (Flake) Salt or Kosher Salt

Directions:
Pour the milk in to a large pot.  On medium-low, heat slowly to 55 degrees Fahrenheit.  Stir slowly and continuously to keep from scalding.
Once the milk reaches 55 degrees, pour in the citric acid mixture and stir well. When the milk hits 88 degrees, add the rennet mixture and stir well.  Right around this time the milk will start to thicken, and you’ll see little white flecks stick to your spoon as it starts curdling.
Once the milk is in the 90-degree range, it should be noticeably curdled.  Stir very gently at this point, if at all — you want to encourage the curds to knit together.
Between 95 and 105 degrees, the curds will be quite thick. Turn off the heat once they start separating from the sides of the pot, and there’s a very clear distinction between the curds (white clumps) and whey (yellow liquid).
Let the curds rest for 5 minutes.
With a perforated or slotted spoon, ladle the curds into a bowl.  The curds will continue expelling whey once they’re in the bowl, which is fine.  Once you have pulled most of the curds out of the pot (some little bits will probably still be floating about), pour any excess whey back in the pot.
Using a microwave, heat the curds for 60 seconds.  Drain off any excess whey, then fold the curds over once, then once again.  This is to distribute the heat evenly.
Microwave again for about 30-40 seconds, depending on the strength of your microwave.  Pour off the whey.
Sprinkle the salt onto the cheese, and then fold the curds over twice again.  Put them back into the microwave for another 30-40 seconds.  Pour of any excess whey.Stretch the cheese, and then fold it back on itself. If it tears when you try to stretch it, the cheese is not hot enough; just repeat the microwaving process. Stretch it again once or twice.

Submitter: 
jamanleyx
Description: 
homemade cheese
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
0
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
64
Nutritional Facts:
NA
