URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64454379/fluffy-cheeze-sauce-biscuits---bnv/
Title:
Fluffy Cheeze Sauce Biscuits - BNV Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Ingredients
•2 cups flour (I use King Arthur bread flour)
•1 Tbls baking powder
•½ tsp baking soda
•¾ tsp salt
•½ cup Cheese Sauce (see recipe)
•1 cup unsweetened plain Almond Milk
•2 tsp Apple Cider Vinegar

Directions:
Preheat oven to 450. Start by measuring all the dry ingredients into a large bowl.
Then add in 1/2 cup of the Cheese Sauce.   I used a dry ingredient measuring cup and made sure it was all squished in there tightly, so it was a full 1/2 cup.
As you stir this in with your fork, you’ll see it will start to make crumbles, just like cutting in a stick of butter would do.
Meanwhile pour 1 cup of plain, unsweetened, Almond Milk into a Pyrex measuring cup and add 2 teaspoons of Apple Cider Vinegar and give that a whisk.  This is our Vegan Buttermilk.  Let it sit for a minute or two and it will thicken.
Now using a wooden spoon, slowly stir the buttermilk into the flour.
Only stir enough so the dry ingredients get moistened.  Don’t go crazy stirring too much.   This is one of the secrets to fluffy biscuits….don’t over mix!
At this point you can drop spoonfuls of biscuit dough onto your parchment lined cookie sheet for drop biscuits (just like grandma used to make) OR you can use a biscuit cutter.
If you want to use a biscuit cutter, spoon your dough onto a well floured work surface and give it a quick knead, just a few times will do.  Now roll it out to about 1? thick and use your cutter (or any cup will work) to make perfectly round biscuits.
Place these on your parchment lined cookie sheet so they touch each other (another secret to fluffy biscuits).
Bake in a 450 degree oven for 15 minutes or until golden brown.

Submitter: 
Wilma Laura Wiggins
Description: 
Vegan, fat-free and fluffy? Yea!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
25 min
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
