URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64459333/baked-strawberry-cheesecake-chimichangas/
Title:
Baked Strawberry Cheesecake Chimichangas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Cheesecake filing with fresh strawberries, rolled in tortillas and coated with cinnamon-sugar.
Ingredients
For chimichangas:
6 (8-inch) soft flour tortillas
8 oz cream cheese ( room temperature)
2 Tablespoon sour cream
1 Tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
¾ cups sliced strawberries
Vegetable oil-for frying
For coating:
1 Tablespoon cinnamon
? cup sugar
For serving:
1 cup sliced strawberries

Directions:
Beat cream cheese , sour cream, 1 tablespoon sugar and vanilla extract .
Fold in ¾ cup of sliced fresh strawberries.
Divide the mixture evenly between 6 tortillas. Slather the filling in the lower third of each tortilla, fold the two sides of each tortilla toward the center and then roll the tortilla up like a burrito (secure it with a toothpicks!) .
Combine ? cup sugar with 1 tablespoon cinnamon in a shallow bowl and set aside.
Line a large plate with paper towels.
* instead of frying bake in 350 oven on greased cookie sheet ...check in 5 min..turn check again 5 min ...might need to bake them longer...want a crispy shell
In about 5 inch deep saucepan place about 2 -2½ inch vegetable oil for frying and heat it over medium-high heat until it reaches 360ºF.
Fry the chimichangas until golden brown and crispy, about 2-3 minutes and flip them as needed (work in batches)
Transfer the chimichangas to the paper towel on a plate to drain for a minute, then roll them in the cinnamon and sugar mixture.
Don’t forget to remove all toothpicks from the chimichangas!!

Submitter: 
Gina Lee Lafreniere
Description: 
you will prepare everything very quickly, so the smell of fried tortillas filled with cream cheese and strawberries will surround your kitchen.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
150min
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
