URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64453992/tennessee-pork-loin-with-nashville-sweet-barbecue-sauce/
Title:
Tennessee Pork Loin with Nashville Sweet Barbecue Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2398922.jpg
Ingredients:
3lb center-cut piece or pork loin
3 tablespoons Tennessee whiskey
2 tablespoons of Cold Mountain Rub (see below), or your favorite barbecue rub
3 tablespoons Dijon mustard
1/2 cup firmly packed brown sugar
4 slices bacon
Nashville Sweet Barbecue Sauce (recipe follows)
Butcher's string
2 cups of wood chips or chunks (preferably hickory), soaked for 1 hour in water to cover, then drained
for the Cold Mountain Rub:
Yield: 2 cups
1/2 cup coarse salt (kosher or sea)
1/2 cup sugar
1/2 cup freshly ground black pepper
1/2 cup sweet paprika
for the Glaze:
3 tablespoons salted butter
3 tablespoons brown sugar
3 tablespoons Dijon mustard
3 tablespoons Tennessee whiskey

Directions:
Make the rub: Place the salt, sugar, pepper, and paprika in a bowl and stir to mix. (Actually, your fingers work better for mixing a rub than a spoon or whisk.)
Make the glaze: Combine the butter, brown sugar, mustard, and whiskey in a saucepan and boil until syrupy, 4 to 6 minutes. Set the glaze aside.
Using a very sharp knife, cut the roast almost in half lengthwise through one side (stop about 1 inch from the opposite side). Open the roast up as you would a book. Sprinkle the inside of the roast with 1 tablespoon of the whiskey and let it marinate for 5 minutes. Sprinkle a third of the rub over the inside of the roast. Spread the mustard on top with a spatula, then sprinkle the brown sugar on top of the mustard. Sprinkle the remaining 2 tablespoons of whiskey on top of the brown sugar. Fold the roast back together (like closing a book) and sprinkle the remaining rub over the outside.
Cut four 12-inch pieces of butcher's string. Position the pieces of string on the work surface so that they are parallel and roughly 2 inches apart. Place a slice of bacon across the strings so that it is perpendicular to and in the center of them. Set the roast on top of the bacon, positioning its long side parallel to the bacon. Place a slice of bacon on top of the roast. Press the remaining 2 slices against the long sides of the roast. Tie each piece of string together around the roast so that they hold the slices of bacon against it.
Set up the grill for indirect grilling and preheat to medium. Place the pork on the hot grate away from the heat, and cover the grill.  Cook the roast until cooked through, 1 to 1-1/2 hours. Start basting the roast with the glaze after 30 minutes, and continue basting every 15 minutes.

Submitter: 
boltfan
Description: 
From TV show Barbecue U
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
