URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64457525/smoky-bbq-sweet-potato-chickpea-burgers/
Title:
Smoky BBQ Sweet Potato Chickpea Burgers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 15oz can chickpeas or garbanzo beans, drained and rinsed well (425 g, mine has added salt)
1 cup cooked, mashed sweet potato (230 g, either roasted whole or microwaved, don't steam)
½ cup + 2 tablespoons smoky barbecue sauce (either your favorite storebought or my recipe below is recommended!)
¼ teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon chili powder (optional for kick of heat)
Optional veggie add-ins: corn, green onions, chopped parsley (I didn't add any)
¼ cup coarse medium-grind cornmeal, not corn flour (43 g)
5 Minute Smoky Barbecue Sauce: (makes about 1¼ cups)
1 cup tomato puree/sauce (mine has added salt only)
2 tablespoons pure maple syrup
4 teaspoons apple cider vinegar
½ teaspoon fine sea salt
2 teaspoons liquid smoke (don't omit!)
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
1 teaspoon garlic powder

Directions:
Make sauce if necessary. Cook your sweet potato whole (with skin on)Don't steam or boil. Skin and mash. Measure out 1 cup fully filled (no gaps) mashed sweet potato.
Drain and rinse your chickpeas and pat dry. Add them to a large bowl and mash completely with a fork to where no visible whole chickpeas remain. Add the cooled potato to the chickpeas.
Add the barbecue sauce (only ½ cup + 2 tablespoons), cornmeal, salt and chili powder (if using) to the mix and stir until combined and thick. Taste and add any more salt if needed or spice. Note: the batter will be moist and soft, not stiff like you might expect, but they will be completely firm by the end of baking. Place in the fridge for at least 20 minutes to firm up some.
Preheat an oven to 375 degrees and line a sheet pan with parchment paper. Form the mixture into patties using a 1/2 cup measuring cup. You will get 5 burgers this way. The mixture should be fairly easy to form into patties with your hands. Flatten them to about 3/4" inch. Bake for 30 minutes on the first side. It they are sticking too much, cook them a few minutes longer until they come up better. After flipped, cook 10-15 more minutes until they have a nice golden brown top. The longer you cook them, the crispier the exterior will be. Let them cool 10 minutes to firm up some before eating.
Layer your burgers with avocado,tomatoes, extra barbecue sauce, lettuce or any toppings you desire!
Bake for 30 minutes on the first side. It will take this long to cook before you will be able to flip them.

Submitter: 
Wilma Laura Wiggins
Description: 
My word, these vegan smoky barbecue sweet potato chickpea burgers are so flipping fantastic and smells insane as they are baking.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
1 hr 25 min
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
