URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64451626/turkey-and-quinoa-meatloaf/
Title:
Turkey and Quinoa Meatloaf Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/4 cup quinoa
1/2 cup chicken broth
1 teaspoon olive oil
1 small onion, chopped
1 large clove garlic, chopped
1 (20 ounce) package ground turkey
1 zucchini, peeled & diced
1 tablespoon tomato paste
1 tablespoon BBQ Sauce
2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce
2 eggs
1 cup of grated cheese
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
2 tablespoons brown sugar
2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce
1 teaspoon water
Tomato Paste

Directions:
Bring the quinoa and broth to a boil in a saucepan over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the quinoa is tender, and the water has been absorbed, about 15 to 20 minutes. Set aside to cool.
Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Heat the olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Stir in the onion; cook and stir until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for another minute; remove from heat to cool.
Stir the turkey, zucchini, cooked quinoa, onions, tomato paste, BBQ sauce, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire, eggs, grated cheese, salt, and pepper in a large bowl until well combined. The mixture will be very moist. Shape into a loaf on a foil lined baking sheet. Combine the brown sugar, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire, tomato paste and 1 teaspoon water in a small bowl. Rub the paste over the top of the meatloaf.
Bake in the preheated oven until no longer pink in the center, about 50 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C). Let the meatloaf cool for 10 minutes before slicing and serving.

Submitter: 
ANITASHAMMER
Description: 
The secret ingredient in this flavorful turkey meatloaf is quinoa. Quinoa is nuttier than breadcrumbs and improves the texture of the meatloaf.Modified from: Turkey and Quinoa Meatloaf
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
