URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64453316/jesss-mega-spinach-lasagna/
Title:
Jess’s Mega Spinach Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
20 lasagna noodles (I recommend the no-boil kind, and use 5 noodles per layer of lasagna)
2 tablespoons olive oil (drizzle on top at the end)
1 box of fresh chopped mushrooms
2 -15-16 oz cans of diced tomatoes with onion and garlic
1 8-10 oz box of frozen chopped spinach
1 block of tofu (optional)
2 cups of ricotta cheese
2 cups of cottage cheese
2 ½ to 3 cups of shredded mozzarella cheese
2 ½ to 3 cups of shredded Italian blend cheese
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon black pepper
1 pinch of dried pepper flakes
1 pinch of cayenne pepper
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon dried basil
2 eggs
3 cups 26-30 oz tomato pasta sauce
1 cup grated Parmesan cheese

Directions:
For the creamy cheese mixture: Mix 2 cups ricotta cheese, 2 cups cottage cheese (if you add a little extra cottage cheese its ok), 2 eggs, salt, pepper, oregano, basil, dried pepper flakes, cayenne pepper, 1 cups shredded mozzarella, 2 ½ cups shredded Italian blend cheese. For extra protein add a block of tofu to the cheesy mixture.
For the spinach pasta sauce mixture: Unthaw the box frozen chopped spinach, drain very well. Thaw the spinach in the microwave 5 minutes on power 6. Once at room temperature: wrap it in paper towels/tea towels to squeeze dry, or use a strainer and press the spinach with the back of a spoon. Cook 2 cans of diced tomatoes with onion and garlic with 1 box of fresh sliced mushrooms on medium low covered for about 15 minutes stirring occasionally. The mushrooms will cook down a little bit and take on the onion and garlic flavoring. Turn off the burner. Then in a separate strainer drain the tomatoes and mushrooms. Add 1 can/jar of pasta sauce back to the pan, then add back the drained tomatoes/mushrooms and drained spinach and mix to combine.
In the bottom of the casserole dish layer first with 5 lasagna noodles. I recommend using non-boil noodles to make the process faster. On top of the lasagna noodles add a layer of cheese mixture about 3-4 serving spoonful’s spread to an even layer, then top with 3-4 serving spoonful’s of the spinach pasta sauce mixture, spread to an even layer. Add 2 more layers of lasagna noodles, cheese, and spinach sauce. Top with a layer of lasagna noodles and top the final layer of naked noodles with the remaining 1 cup of shredded mozzarella and parmesan cheese.
Bake 1 hour at 350 degrees uncovered or if you refrigerate overnight bake at 400 degrees for 45 minutes covered 15 minutes uncovered

Submitter: 
jamanleyx
Description: 
A family favorite and always satisfies.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
