URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64457300/tieton-apricot-tart-with-basil-custard/
Title:
Tieton Apricot Tart with Basil Custard Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup whole wheat flour
1 cup almond meal
1 tablespoon white sugar
1 teaspoon lemon zest
1/2 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup butter
3 tablespoons buttermilk
10 egg yolks
2/3 cup cornstarch
2/3 cup white sugar
1 quart milk
3 large basil sprigs
1/2 teaspoon vanilla
15 fresh apricots, pitted and sliced, or as needed
1 cup apricot jam

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C).
Whisk all-purpose flour, whole wheat flour, almond meal, 1 tablespoon sugar, lemon zest, and salt together in a large bowl. Cut butter into flour mixture with a pastry blender until mixture resembles peas; stir in buttermilk. Press flour mixture evenly to edges and about 1/2 inch up sides of a 12 x 16-inch baking pan with 1-inch sides.
Bake in the preheated oven until lightly browned, about 20 minutes; place pan on a wire rack to cool completely, about 1 hour.
Set a wire mesh strainer over a large bowl.
Whisk egg yolks, cornstarch, and 2/3 cup sugar together in a heavy-bottomed pot off the heat; whisk in milk. Place basil sprigs in milk mixture.
Cook milk mixture over medium heat, whisking constantly, until mixture begins to steam, about 8 minutes; reduce heat to low. Remove basil sprigs with tongs and discard, ignoring any small pieces that remain behind; whisk vigorously until custard thickens, about 1 minute.
Pour custard through wire strainer into bowl; using a rubber spatula, press custard through strainer.
Whisk vanilla extract into custard. Place plastic wrap directly on surface of custard; refrigerate until cold, about 3 hours.
Pour cooled custard over crust; spread evenly to edges of crust with a rubber spatula. Arrange apricot slices over custard.
Cook apricot jam in a small bowl in microwave on High until melted, about 1 minute; brush jam over surface of apricots. Store tart in refrigerator until ready to serve.

Submitter: 
cheesemite
Description: 
This big dessert was made for a big picnic in Tieton, Washington from locally grown fresh apricots. Tart apricots and lightly-sweetened custard with a hint of basil layer onto a rustic whole wheat and almond crust.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
50
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
40
Nutritional Facts:
NA
