URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64459764/zucchini-cookies/
Title:
ZUCCHINI COOKIES Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1½ cups flour
1 cup sugar
½ teaspoon Baking Soda
½ teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon nutmeg
¾ teaspoon cinnamon
¾ cup shortening
1 egg
1 cup grated zucchini
1¾ cups quick oats
Frosting
½ cup butter, softened
3 Tablespoons milk
2 teaspoons vanilla
3-4 cups powdered sugar
INSTRUCTIONS
Cookies
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
Combine flour, sugar, baking soda, salt, nutmeg and cinnamon together in a large bowl and stir to combine ingredients well. Cut in shortening. Beat in egg until well combined. Add zucchini and oats and beat until evenly mixed in.
Spoon drops of cookie dough onto greased cookie sheet.
Bake at 400 degrees F for 8-10 minutes. Let cool.
Frosting
Cream butter in a medium bowl. Add remaining ingredients and beat until smooth. Add more milk and/or powdered sugar until desired consistency is reached.
Frost cookies once they are completely cooled and sprinkle the tops with a little nutmeg.

Directions:
Cookies
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
Combine flour, sugar, baking soda, salt, nutmeg and cinnamon together in a large bowl and stir to combine ingredients well. Cut in shortening. Beat in egg until well combined. Add zucchini and oats and beat until evenly mixed in.
Spoon drops of cookie dough onto greased cookie sheet.
Bake at 400 degrees F for 8-10 minutes. Let cool.
Frosting
Cream butter in a medium bowl. Add remaining ingredients and beat until smooth. Add more milk and/or powdered sugar until desired consistency is reached.
Frost cookies once they are completely cooled and sprinkle the tops with a little nutmeg.

Submitter: 
Gina Lee Lafreniere
Description: 
This is a DELICIOUS way to use up some zucchini! These cookies are soft and cake like and taste wonderful!
Author: Nikki
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
20
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
