URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64453353/berry-with-chocolate-gallette/
Title:
Berry (with chocolate) GALLETTE Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
DOUGH
1 1/4 cups flour, plus more for rolling
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon sugar
1 stick unsalted butter, cut into small cubes & chilled
1/3 cup ice cold water
CHOCOLATE LAYER
3 oz. dark chocolate
1/4 cup heavy cream
FILLING
4 cups mixed berries your choice: raspberries, strawberries, blueberries, blackberries
2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice
1/4 cup sugar
3 tablespoons flour
1 teaspoon lemon zest
One large pinch of salt

Directions:
In food processor combine the dough's dry Ingredients.  Add the butter and mix until butter resembles large crumbs.  Add the cold water, process just until the dough comes together.
On  floured surface roll the dough *into a 13 to 14-inch circle.  Carefully transfer to the prepared baking sheet; chill while preparing the filling.
Chop the dark chocolate and place in a separate small bowl.  In the microwave heat the heavy cream just until boiling.  Pour over the chocolate.  Stir to combine until melted and smooth.  Spread chocolate in a a thin layer on top of the dough leaving a 2-inch border around the edges.
Preheat oven to 375.
In a large bowl gently combine remaining ingredients.  Transfer to the center of the dough spreading over the chocolate and leaving the same 2-inch border.  Working along the edges of the circle gently fold over sections of dough to the center; creating a series of pleats.
Bake until the filling is bubbling and the pastry is golden brown, about **40-50 minutes.  Check frequently and cover with foil if browning too quickly.  Serve warm.
Store any leftovers in an airtight container.
*instead of a one large Galette recipe will make 5 small circles using a small glass bowl.  *25-30 minutes for 5-6 mini Galettes.

Submitter: 
Sue's recipes
Description: 
A thin layer of chocolate spread over the pastry then filled with berries of your choice.  I would like to try all raspberries but might have to add more sugar as explained in the video given here in the footnotes below from NYtimes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
90 m
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
