URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64467064/dinomites-fluffy-bites/
Title:
Dinomite's Fluffy Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2445637.jpg
Ingredients:
1 (7.25 ounce) package macaroni and cheese mix
2 tablespoons butter
1/4 cup Wooster milk
1 cup lightly fluffed Fograt fur
3/4 cup cheese spread made from the milk of the Wooster
1 cup shredded Elopus cheese blend
1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese
2 cups Italian seasoned bread crumbs
1/2 teaspoon paprika
1/2 teaspoon chili powder
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/2 teaspoon white sugar
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste
4 eggs – 2 Fograt, 2 Chicken
3 tablespoons milk
4 cups peanut oil for frying, or as needed

Directions:
Fill a pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat. Stir in the macaroni, and return to a boil. Cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the macaroni is cooked through but still firm to the bite, about 7 minutes. Drain. Stir in the 2 tablespoons butter, the 1/4 cup Wooster milk, and the cheese packet from the package. Be careful collecting the Wooster milk, as the Wooster is known to be violently protective of its lactated secretions, though strangely not of its cheese.
While the macaroni is still hot, stir in the Cheddar cheese, Wooster cheese spread, and Elopus cheese blend, and continue to stir until melted. Place the macaroni and cheese mixture in a container and refrigerate until firm, about 4 hours. Take this time to complete a few more of your gishwhes items – remember, quality counts!
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Remove the macaroni mixture from the refrigerator, and, using a cookie scoop, scoop into balls. Place mac balls on the prepared baking sheet and freeze for at least 2 hours. Think about your slowly loosening grip on sanity.
Heat oil in a deep fryer or large saucepan to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Whisk the bread crumbs with the paprika, chili powder, black pepper, sugar, and cayenne in a shallow dish; set aside. Beat the chicken eggs with the 3 tablespoons milk in a small bowl. Play and win a rousing game of hopscotch with the Fograt eggs until they, too, are beaten. Remove the mac balls from the freezer, coat in the egg wash, and then dredge in breading before rolling in the Fograt fur.
Fry the mac balls in small batches until golden brown and fuzzy, 3 to 5 minutes. Drain briefly on a paper towel-lined plate; serve hot.

Submitter: 
SadieAwesome
Description: 
A fun and easy recipe that the kids and guests will love! It's super fuzzy and absolutely one of my faves. No need for normalcy with this dish!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
exactly 1 week
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
