URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64460063/oil-free-gluten-free-oven-fried-okra-ffv/
Title:
Oil Free Gluten Free Oven Fried Okra FFV Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 to 1 1/2 pounds okra
3/4 cup unsweetened non-dairy milk of choice (see Notes)
1/2 cup cornmeal
1/4 cup brown rice flour (see Notes)
1 tablespoon lemon juice
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon salt (if desired)
1/2 teaspoon onion powder
1/4 teaspoon cayenne (more or less, to taste)
1/4 teaspoon freshly-ground black pepper

Directions:
Wash the okra and trim off the stems. Cut a piece of parchment paper to fit a baking sheet. Remove the parchment and place the baking sheet in the oven. Preheat oven to 450F.
In a large mixing bowl, combine all remaining ingredients and mix well. You should have a batter a little thicker than pancake batter. If it seems dry, add a splash of non-dairy milk.
Put a few okra into the batter and stir to coat well. Once the baking sheet is heated, place it on a pot holder or other heat-safe surface next to your bowl of batter. Place the parchment on it. Working quickly, remove each okra pod, allow any excess batter to drip back into the bowl, and place it on the baking sheet, being careful to leave space between each pod. Repeat with as much okra as you can fit on the baking sheet. (If your baking sheet is small, you may need to make two batches; batter can thicken between batches, so add more liquid if necessary.)
Place in the oven. After 15 minutes, remove and gently turn each okra pod. Replace and cook until outsides are brown but not burning, about 15 more minutes. Serve warm with your choice of dipping sauce.

Submitter: 
Wilma Laura Wiggins
Description: 
Use this batter for all kinds of vegetables - onion rings, eggplant, whatever you want crispy without oil. Try with potato slices.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 min
Ready in:
55 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
