URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64465293/avocado-dinner-roll/
Title:
Avocado Dinner Roll Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3-1/2 Cups All Purpose Flour
2 tsp Instant Yeast
3 tbsp Sugar
1 tsp Salt
2 T prune puree (for butter)
3/4 Cup Warm Water (i used 1/2 water and 1/2 Milk)
1 Ripe Avocado @ Room Temperature, Peeled, pitted and Mashed (instead one Egg)
1 tbsp Cream for brushing the rolls (you can use Milk-Oil Mixture also)

Directions:
Peel, Remove the pit and Scoop the flesh out of the avocado and mash it well or run it in the mixer and puree it. If the Avocado was in the fridge, please take it out and keep it on the counter to reach room temperature.
In a Big Bowl,  Combine Flour, yeast, Sugar and Salt. Make a well in the middle, add pureed avocado and half the warm Water-Milk mixture and start kneading the dough. The Dough will be sticky to begin with. Add Water/Milk little by little as needed.
Add Butter and knead well for 8-10 minutes to get a smooth, elastic dough.
Keep the dough in a well-oiled bowl and cover it with a kitchen towel and leave it to proof/rise for an hour. I left it in my Oven with the lights on. After an hour, the dough would have doubled in size.
Take the dough from the bowl. Place it on a flat surface, punch down the air inside. Divide the dough into four equal parts. Again, divide each part into three equal parts. So, totally you will have 12 parts of dough.
Shape each part into a ball and Arrange them in a baking tray, greased with oil. Brush the shaped balls with cream and let it sit in a warm place for another 30 minutes.
After 30 minutes the balls would have doubled in size. Preheat the oven to 170C for 10 minutes. Bake the Dinner rolls for 25-30 minutes or until the tops have browned well.
Let it be in the Baking tray for  5 minutes then remove them to the wire rack, let it cool completely.

Submitter: 
Wilma Laura Wiggins
Description: 
Soft fluffy rolls
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
