URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64466744/dinomites-fluffy-bites/
Title:
Dinomite's Fluffy Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Ingredients:
•	3 boxes white cake mix (plus eggs and oil according to packaging)
•	Red and blue food coloring
•	circle cookie cutters
Icing:
•	1 stick unsalted butter, room temperature
•	1 teaspoon vanilla
•	¼ cup milk
•	3 cups confectioners’ sugar
•	licorice strands
•	large marshmallows
•	small candies

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 350F. Lightly grease and flour the bottom of three cake pans.
2. Prepare cake mixes according to the instructions on the boxes, making sure to use separate mixing bowl in order to use one cake for each of the three colors.
3. Pour one bowl of cake mix into one of the cake pans. This will be your white layer.
4. To create a red layer, add 15 to 20 drops of red food coloring to one of the remaining mixing bowls. Stir well to evenly combine the coloring. Add additional drops as needed to create your favorite shade of red. Pour this batter into the second cake pan.
5. To create the blue layer, add 15 to 20 drops of blue food coloring to the last mixing bowl. Stir well to evenly combine the coloring. Add additional drops as needed to create your favorite shade of blue. Pour this batter into the last cake pan.
6. Bake the three cakes according to the directions on the box. When a toothpick inserted into the middle of each cake comes out clean, remove from the oven. Set aside to cool. Remove each cake from pans, and set aside on baking sheets to cool completely.
7. Use a round cookie or doughnut cutter to cut circle shapes out of each of the three cakes.
8. Prepare the icing by creaming together the butter and vanilla in a large bowl. Add sugar to the mixture one cup at a time, combining well after each addition. Beat in the milk, and continue mixing until light and fluffy. Transfer to a pastry bag with a tip for easy decorating.
9. Form colored dinosaurs by stacking one of each colored circle into stacks for the body. Use a bit of icing between each layer to adhere the circles together (not too thick!).
10. Cut marshmallow into T-rex head shapes and use icing to stick heads on top of stacks.
11. Use candies to make eyes and licorice for arms an

Submitter: 
Linda Prince
Description: 
Dinomite's Fluffy Bites
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
