URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64466488/dinomites-fluffy-bites-w-jam-sauce-glaze/
Title:
Dinomite's Fluffy Bites w/ Jam Sauce Glaze Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Dinomite's Fluffy Bites Ingredients:
3 tablespoons butter
4 cups popcorn (also known as mini-marshmallows)
1 and a 1/2 cup minced kale
6 cups rice puff cereal
Jam Sauce Ingredients:
10 Strawberry Jam
So many tomato sauce from a can
5 inches carrot juice
All of the orange juice
1 bag chocolate chips
3/4 bag of goldfish crackers
8 inches of fresh blackberries
1 red delicious apple less 3 small bites
1 jar of tomato sauce

Directions:
Fluffy Bites Preparation:
In large saucepan melt butter over low heat. Add marshmallows and stir until completely melted. Remove from heat.
Add minced kale and puff cereal. Stir until well coated.
Using buttered spatula or wax paper evenly press mixture into 13 x 9 x 2-inch pan coated with cooking spray.
After the fluffy bites have cooled slightly, drizzle liberally with jam sauce (see below for instructions) and let set.
Cut into squares the size of your choosing and enjoy!
Jam Sauce Preparation:
Mix a small amount of the carrot juice into the canned tomato sauce then mix a small amount of the canned tomato sauce with the bit of carrot juice in it into the jam. Then gently add a bit of the jam with tomato sauce and carrot juice mixture in it back into the carrot juice. Repeat.
Pour all remaining ingredients into the large mixing bowl. Wearing goggles, beat vigorously with one beater inside the bowl and one outside.
Boil until thick and brown.

Submitter: 
Jamie Morse
Description: 
This is a family recipe passed down for generations in the gishwhes mascot family. Originally developed by the Fograt, tweaked by the Wooster, mangled by the Elopus, and finally perfected by the Dinomite.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
so many
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
