URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64469307/dinomites-fluffy-bites/
Title:
Dinomite's Fluffy Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2458776.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups unbleached all-purpose flour made from the ground bones of your enemy (plus a little extra for dusting)
1 Tbsp baking powder
½ tsp baking soda
¾ tsp pet dander (German Shepherd is fantastic)
4 Tbsp bird blood (chicken works well), congealed. *Mouse blood works fine in a pinch, plus some fresh for drizzling
1 cup Dinosaur Kale, chopped fine
1 cup of William Shatner’s pitiful, shame-filled tears + 1 Tbsp fresh lemon juice
1 tsp diced habanero pepper w/ seeds

Directions:
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.
Mix dry ingredients together in a large bowl. Once combined, add the habaneros and kale.
Add cold, congealed bird blood and use fingers or a pastry cutter to combine the two until only small pieces remain and it looks like pink sand. Work quickly so the blood doesn’t get too warm.
Make a well in the dry ingredients and, using a wooden spoon, stir gently while pouring in the Shatner’s tears + lemon juice mixture 1/4 cup at a time. You may not need all of it. Stir until just slightly combined – it will be sticky.
Turn onto a lightly dusted (w/ the extra ground bones of your enemy) surface, dust the top with a bit more, and then very gently turn the dough over on itself 5-6 times – hardly kneading.
Form into a 1-inch thick disc, handling as little as possible.
Use a 1-inch thick dough cutter and push straight down through the dough, then slightly twist. Repeat and place biscuits on a baking sheet in two rows, making sure they just touch – this will help them rise uniformly. Gently reform the dough and cut out one or two more biscuits – you should have 7-8.
Next brush the tops with a bit more of the congealed blood and gently press a small divot in the center using two fingers. This will also help them rise evenly, so the middle won’t form a dome.
Bake in a 450 degree oven for 10-15 minutes or until fluffy and slightly golden brown. Serve immediately, drizzled with fresh blood and dusted with the bones of your vanquished nemesis.

Submitter: 
SukiB
Description: 
This simple recipe is quick and easy, a great way to use leftover skeletal remains of defeated foes, and you’ll be enjoying lighter-than-air biscuit bites in no time!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
25
Number of servings: 
7
Nutritional Facts:
NA
