URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64467660/dinomites-fluffy-bites/
Title:
Dinomite's Fluffy Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2448790.jpg
Ingredients:
½ cup warm water
2 teaspoon active dry yeast
¾ cup canned coconut milk
1 large egg, beaten
½ cup sugar
1 teaspoon salt
4 cups all purpose flour
¼ cup grated coconut or coconut flakes
1 teaspoon crushed cardamom spice
1 teaspoon grated nutmeg
1 teaspoon cinnamon
powdered sugar or cinnamon sugar to sprinkle
(optional) 1/2 cup kale powder for sprinkling if feeding to your Dinomite
Peanut oil for deep frying

Directions:
Mix together in a large bowl the warm water, coconut milk, salt, sugar and yeast.
Set aside for 5 minutes. Add beaten egg into the mixture.
Add in your 4 cups flour, cardamom, nutmeg, grated coconut and continue mixing by together with your hands or you can mix it all in your stand mixer.
Turn dough on a lightly floured surface, knead dough lightly until all the ingredients come together smoothly. If dough seems too sticky, add a little more flour.
Place dough in a greased bowl, turning once to coat. Cover Loosely with a clean cloth and let rise in a warm, draft-free place for 1 to 2 hours or until doubled.
Roll out dough in to 1 inch thick. Cut in bite size pieces or cut into any shapes that you desire, but they should be relatively small.
In a large frying pan pour peanut oil, until it is at least 3 inches. Heat oil to 350 degrees.
Fry until golden brown about 3-5 minutes depending on size. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels or brown paper bag. Sprinkle sugar, powdered sugar, or powdered kale (if serving to your Dinomite, for sure, powdered kale). Serve warm.

Submitter: 
Samantha Corfield
Description: 
Fluffy bites of fried dough laced with cardamon, nutmeg, and cinnamon. Yummy with coffee or tea - perfect to share with your favorite Dinomite.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
90 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
