URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64466738/dinomites-fluffy-bites/
Title:
Dinomite's Fluffy Bites* Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2443571.jpg
Ingredients:
¼ cup butter
4 cups mini-marshmallows
10 Brach’s Maple Nut Goodies
¼ cup mini Chocolate Chips
4-5 cups Cocoa Dyno-bites Cereal (find in economy section)
1 cup crushed salted peanuts
Optional
1 bottle favorite wine or alcoholic beverage

Directions:
Prep Work
Make sure all children are out of the house & are clueless that you are making delicious goodies.
Use a deep pot, preferably one you’re about to throw away
Use a large spoon with comfortable handle
Line a 1 inch tall cookie pan with wax paper
Prep alcoholic beverage (you’re going to need it)
Directions
In deep pot, melt butter over low heat
Sip your beverage
As the butter melts, chop the peanuts & Maple Nut Goodies separately.
Sip your beverage
Add the marshmallows stirring constantly… CONSTANTLY.  Failure to follow this step will result in cement like marshmallow blob to rival the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man after the Ghostbusters lit him up.
Take a good gulp of your beverage but don’t stop stirring.
As the marshmallows start to melt, add the Maple Nut Goodies and stir energetically
Finish your beverage and make another, but you cannot stop stirring! Seriously, you’ll thank me for this.
Just as the maple marshmallow glop finishes melting, add ¼ cup chocolate chip and stir, stir, stir.  If you can clean your spoon off, you are a greater person than I.
Finish your second beverage in one chug fest, the race is about to begin
Add the Dyno-bites cereal and crushed peanuts and remove from heat
STIR! Stir like your life depends on it. Stir fast and furious because this chunky, sticky mass has started to cool, and cooling is curing.
Get your lined cookie pan and spoon in the chocolaty mass and try to press down into the pan.   It is when you try to tear the spoon from the lined pan of chocolate glue that this treat becomes fluffy.
Cut into squares when cool. Use a sharp knife, or  meat cleaver, or chainsaw.

Submitter: 
TeamBigTestIcicles
Description: 
This delectable chocolate treat was handed down through several generations in honor of the Dinomites.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
45
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
