URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64467554/dinomites-fluffy-bites-extra-fluffy/
Title:
Dinomite's Fluffy Bites (Extra Fluffy) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2448274.jpg
Ingredients:
6 large, fluffy Sheep, preferably from Australia (They are the fluffiest and best tasting for this recipe)
2 large Alpacas, If you don't have any Alpacas on hand I have found that Llamas are a suitable replacement. A little less fluffy and a bit on the "gamey" side, but none of my guests seem to have noticed!
24 Angora Rabbits
12 Silkie Chickens (Depending on my mood I like to add a little less than 12, they tend to be a bit too crunchy for my taste)
25 lbs Unsalted Butter, melted
15 dozen Eggs (save money and time by collecting these from the chickens beforehand)
5 gallons water
100 lbs unbleached Flour (You can try using a gluten free flour here, but I don't guarantee the final results)
3 and 1/4 bushels of fresh, organic Kale (Because doesn't every recipe need Kale?)
Salt, Pepper and Garlic to taste

Directions:
You may want to wait before you preheat your oven. (350 degrees F) I have found that gathering and coaxing this many animals into an industrial size baking pan, takes more time than I ever expected. And who knew that Alpacas have an irrational fear of Silkie Chickens? Be sure to keep them separated in the pan.
Once you get them all in the pan, watching for the occasional escapee, season them to taste. Remember you can always add more salt later, but it's ruined if you add too much now. Add the kale, because, again, what recipe doesn't taste better with kale?
Now, normally you would make a nice crust to cover the pan and all contents, but this has taken so long that the Dinomite you are feeding has started to hungrily eye your guests! So, throw everything together and, well he doesn't care if they are cooked or not! Serve immediately... making sure that none of your friends or family are too close and you have counted all of your fingers after presenting the dish!

Submitter: 
Stephanie Seley
Description: 
This is an official, Dinomite approved recipe! I don't mean to brag... OK yes, I do, but, Mr. D, as I call him, shows up on my doorstep like clockwork, every Sunday night. He's usually hung over, and occasionally covered with cheap perfume and spew, but this gives him a good start to the week and the fortitude to deal with Misha, and the Gishwhes crew
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 d-1 week, depending
Ready in:
2 d and 24 h
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
