URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64465109/chicken-stroganoff/
Title:
Chicken Stroganoff Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil
3 medium yellow onions, thinly sliced into rings
1 green pepper, seeded and thinly sliced
1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt
1/2 teaspoon black pepper
8 ounces (15 medium) button mushrooms, thinly sliced
4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into 1/2-inch-thick strips
1 cup dry white wine
1 cup chicken broth
2 tablespoons barbecue sauce
1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
2 tablespoons Dijon mustard
1 teaspoon hot sauce
1/2 cup sour cream

Directions:
Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and cook, stirring frequently, until soft, about 8 minutes. Add the green pepper, 1/2 teaspoon of the salt, 1/4 teaspoon of the pepper, and the mushrooms. Continue cooking until the mushrooms give up their liquid, about 6 minutes, and are tender.
Place the vegetables in a colander, reserving both vegetables and liquid. You should have about 1/2 cup of liquid.
Return pan to heat and add the remaining 1 tablespoon of oil. Season the chicken with the remaining 1 teaspoon of salt and 1/4 teaspoon of pepper. Cook the chicken in batches until golden brown and cooked through, about 5 minutes. Add it to the vegetables.
Pour the wine, broth, and vegetable liquid into the pan and bring to a boil. With a wooden spoon, loosen any brown bits stuck to the pan and let cook in the sauce.
Add the barbecue sauce, Worcestershire, mustard, and hot sauce. Whisk until smooth. Boil until the liquid has reduced by half, to about 1 1/2 cups. The liquid should thicken slightly.
Reduce heat and whisk in the sour cream. Do not let the sauce boil. Return the vegetables and chicken to the pan and simmer until heated through. Serve over rice or pasta.

Submitter: 
Teresa Rable
Description: 
My kids adore this meal.  It's one of our favorites!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
60 mins
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
