URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64466352/dinomites-fluffy-bites/
Title:
Dinomite's Fluffy Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
SWEET MIXTURE
2 c Mashed Sweet Potatoes (about 1 lb raw)
1/4 c Coconut Oil
1/2 c Maple Syrup (real stuff)
1 Tbsp Dried Ginger
1 tsp Baking Powder
1/2 tsp Salt (or to taste)
1-1/2 c Gluten Free All-Purpose Flour (I used Pamela's Artisan Flour Blend)
SAVORY MIXTURE
1 bunch Dino Lacinato Kale
1/4 c Coconut Oil
1 Tbsp Tamari Soy Sauce (or to taste)
1 Tbsp Ginger Juice
1 tsp Baking Powder
1/2 tsp Salt
3/4c Gluten Free All-Purpose Flour

Directions:
Scrub, chunk, and boil sweet potatoes until tender. (Yes, I leave the skins on though you may choose not to.) Drain. While hot, rice potatoes in a mixing bowl until smooth. Blend in coconut oil until melted. Stir in maple syrup, ginger, baking powder and salt until incorporated. Stir in, a third at a time, the flour until thoroughly blended. The mixture should be slightly sticky but handleable, and it should taste fairly sweet and spicy. Chill dough for one hour. While chilling, make savory mixture.
De-rib, chop, wash and steam the kale until tender. Rinse under cold water until handleable. Squeeze out excess water. Place in blender. Add coconut oil, soy sauce, ginger juice, baking powder and salt. Process until smooth. Add in flour, process until smooth. The mixture should be slightly sticky but handleable, and it should taste a bit salty. Transfer into a bowl and chill thirty minutes.
Preheat oven to 350F.
Divide the sweet dough into two dozen pieces, shape into rough balls, and space evenly on two parchment lined baking sheets.
Divide the savory dough into two dozen pieces, shape into rough balls, place on top of the sweet dough balls, and flatten slightly with heel of hand. Add a piece candied ginger or a sweetened, dried cranberry to the top of each, if desired.
Bake for 45 minutes or until golden and cooked through. Cool on a wire rack.

Submitter: 
Swashbunny tank
Description: 
I developed this recipe for my teammates after my first Gishwhes Hunt in 2013.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
