URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64467059/dinomites-fluffy-bites/
Title:
Dinomite's Fluffy Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Tart Crust
3 tablespoons of butter
4 c. mini marshmallows
6 c. rice krispies (your choice of what kind!)
Mousse
5 oz semi-sweet chocolate chips
3 lg. egg whites
1 c. heavy cream
1 tsp vanilla extract

Directions:
Sweetened or flavored whipped cream (optional topping)
In a lg. saucepan, melt butter over low heat. add marshmallows until completed melted. Remove from heat.
Add rice krispies. Stir until well-coated.
Using buttered spatula (or buttered hands). use mini muffin pan or tart pan and press mixture into pan, leaving indentation to create a cup form. Allow to cool.
While tart cups are cooling, place 2 inches of water in medium saucepan and simmer over medium heat.  Place chocolate and 1/4 c. of heavy cream into large heatproof bowl, creating a double boiler, making sure the water does not touch the water.  Melt chocolate, stirring frequently to prevent the chocolate from scorching, until smooth. Remove bowl from saucepan to cool slightly.
Place egg whites in second large chilled bowl and whisk vigorously until stiff peaks form, about 3-5 minutes or so. Make sure the bowl and whisk are SUPER CLEAN (no oil or fat, or the whites will not whip properly.
Clean and dry the whisk (or a beater!) pour the last 3/4 c heavy cream into a separate CHILLED bowl and whisk until stiff peaks form.
Using a rubber spatula, CAREFULLY fold half of the whipped cream into the semi-cooled melted chocolate, then gently stir in the rest. Gently fold in the egg whites and chocolate-cream mixture until there are no longer large blobs of whipped cream or egg-white (DO NOT OVERMIX)
Remove krispie treat cups from pan.  Pipe or spoon mousse into cups.  Chill for at least 2 hours.  Serve with additional or flavored whipped cream if desired.

Submitter: 
Alexis
Description: 
This is a quick and easy dessert that is light and fluffy.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
