URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64469658/dinomites-fluffy-bites/
Title:
Dinomite's Fluffy Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2460673.jpg
Ingredients:
Garlic
flour
milk
oil
spices
kale smoothie
sense of adventure
access to wooded acreage
bug spray with deet (optional)

Directions:
1a. Start about a week before your trip by eating copious amounts of garlic. Seriously massive volumes. If you are putting it in your mouth, garlic it first. Garlic Bread, Garlic on burgers, garlic in your coffee, garlic on your toothpaste. Massive amounts. You should eat enough garlic that your sweat smells like the outskirts of Gilroy, CA. I should be able to season my pasta by rubbing it on you. Ticks are less likely to bite you if you smell garlicky.
1b (Optional) Or... skip the garlic and buy some tick spray.
2. Make and drink a kale smoothie. Add garlic to it if you're doing option 1a. You're going to need the energy on the hunt.
3. Go to the woods. Walk. A lot. while looking at the ground. Morels prefer hilly woods, from what I've been told. (or maybe my parents just thought it was fun to walk up and down hills.)
4. When you find a mushroom, cut or pinch it off. Leave the roots where they came from. If the stem is not hollow, congrats, you've found a false morel. Smash it and leave it there. Put the good ones in a mesh bag, you plastic bag hoarding cretin.
5. Take the morels home, cut them into bites and let them soak to get off the dirt and bugs. (Or don't, if you like the extra protein, I don't judge.)
6. Prepare your eggs by gently beating them to make them fluffy. Season a bowl of flour to taste (I suggest garlic!). Get your oil hot in a skillet.
7. Dip morel bits in beaten egg and then in your flour mixture.
8. Drop in oil until golden brown and fluffy.
9. Throw them away. Fungus is gross.

Submitter: 
Elizabeth Dpr Cook
Description: 
Delicious! Includes Kale. And Garlic.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
varies
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
193
Nutritional Facts:
NA
