URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64468325/sweet-potato-oat-biscuits/
Title:
Sweet Potato Oat Biscuits Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
280 grams gluten-free oat flour
70 grams gluten-free millet flour
70 grams gluten-free tapioca flour
18 grams gluten-free baking powder
pinch of salt
250 grams / 250 ml soy milk
20 grams / 20 ml apple cider vinegar
1 cup mashed cooked sweet potato (I forgot to weigh this)

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 325F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat. Set aside while you prepare the biscuits.
Add the apple cider vinegar to the soy milk, stir and set aside.
Measure out the dry ingredients and add to a large mixing bowl.
Whisk well to evenly mix.
Add the mashed sweet potato to the dry ingredients and cut into the flour with a pastry cutter or a fork. Keep working until the sweet potato is evenly distributed and the texture is crumbly. Pour in the sour soy milk and combine. The dough will be very loose and sticky. Do not add more flour.
Place a piece of parchment paper on the counter top or a cutting
board and flour lightly.Turn the biscuit dough out onto the floured parchment paper and dust the top lightly with more gluten-free oat flour. Fold and knead a couple of times to combine the dough better.
Press out into a rectangle about 1/2 to 3/4 of an inch thick. Cut into shapes and place on the prepared baking sheet. Collect the scraps and cut more biscuits. Keep doing this until there is no more dough.
Bake 25-35 minutes, depending on the thickness.
Do not over cook. The biscuits are ready when the colour is darker and the sides look dry, but they are bouncy when pressed.
Cool for 10 minutes. Letting the biscuits sit is important as the insides will still be very moist and gummy. The texture will improve with the wait time.

Submitter: 
Wilma Laura Wiggins
Description: 
Gluten-Free, Gum-Free, Low-Fat, Vegan
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
50 min
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
