URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64461631/vanilla-caramel-frappuccino-cake/
Title:
Vanilla Caramel "Frappuccino" Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2422048.jpg
Ingredients:
For the cake:
1/2 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature
1-1/4 cups granulated sugar
1/2 cup packed light brown sugar
3 large eggs
2 cups all-purpose flour
1 cup buttermilk
2 packets Starbucks Via Instant Espresso dissolved into 1 tbsp. hot water
1 tsp. baking soda
1 tbsp. white vinegar
For the filling/frosting:
1-1/2 cups plus 2 tbsp. unsalted butter, at room temperature
3 cups confectioners' sugar, sifted
pinch of salt
2 tbsp. heavy cream
2 tsp. vanilla extract
2 packets Starbucks Via Instant Espresso dissolved into 1 tbsp. hot water
1 recipe Caramel Sauce or
1 jar Caramel Ice Cream Topping

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350°F. Grease two 8-inch cake pans.
In an electric mixer, combine butter and sugars. Beat until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the eggs one at a time, blending well after each. Turn the mixer to low and add the flour and buttermilk, alternating in a total five additions, beginning and ending with the flour. Blend in the espresso mixture.
Dissolve the baking soda into the vinegar and add to the batter. Mix until incorporated.
Divide the batter between the pans and bake until set and golden brown, about 32-35 minutes.
Remove to a wire rack and let cool at least 20-30 minutes before removing from pans and cooling completely.
To make the filling/frosting, place the butter in an electric mixer with whisk attachment. Whip until smooth on med-high, about 1 min. Add confectioners' sugar and mix on med-low until incorporated. Add salt. Continue on med-high until smooth, 1-2 minutes. Mix in the cream and vanilla on low until incorporated. Whip on high until light and fluffy, scraping down bowl as needed, 4-5 minutes.
Divide the frosting into 2/5, 2/5, and 1/5 portions. Leave one large portion plain vanilla, add espresso mixture to the second large portion and add 1-2 tablespoons of the caramel sauce to the third. Stir mixed frostings until well blended.
Level both cake rounds and place one on a platter. Spread a few tablespoons of caramel sauce over it and top with a layer of coffee frosting. Place second cake on top. Use the vanilla frosting for a crumb coat and chill for 30 minutes.
Frost cake as you like; I frosted with a full thin layer of coffee frosting, then piped the vanilla frosting around the edge and filled the center with caramel frosting. Serve with a generous drizzle of caramel sauce.

Submitter: 
Marya “Marta” Krause
Description: 
Very rich, very moist cake that tastes like a Vanilla Caramel Frappuccino from Starbucks in a cake. Made it for my Mum's birthday picnic and it was a big hit (if a bit of a struggle to transport!)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
