URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64467723/dinomites-fluffy-bites/
Title:
Dinomite's Fluffy Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2480045.jpg
Ingredients:
3/4 Cups Sugar
1/2 Cup Almond Milk
1 Tbsp Maple Syrup
2 Tsp Vanilla Extract
1 Tsp Salt
3 Cups Coconut (shredded or similar)
2 Cups Almond Flour
12 Oz Bag Chocolate Chips

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350F/175C. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.
In a large bowl, thoroughly combine all ingredients except coconut, almond flour and chocolate chips.
Mix in coconut.  Dough starts to get sticky at this point, so it may be more practical and definitely more fun to mix with your hands. (Wait! Don't forget to take off any rings!)
Add almond flour and mix well. Dough should ultimately be firm enough to form a ball; if still liquidy, more flour may be added.
Form balls of 1.5-2 inches in diameter and flatten them slightly when placing on the cookie sheet. (They should not expand in the oven.)
Bake for 12-ish minutes or until starting to brown. (Though, because these are vegan, they're perfectly okay undercooked and can be baked to your preference of softness!)
While the cookies are in the oven, reach out to a parent or close friend and remind them that they're your favorite.
After the cookies have finished baking, melt the chocolate chips in a double boiler, microwave or other method of thermodynamic transfer. (If microwaving, start with 30 seconds and then go by 10 second intervals, stirring each time. There is only a short space of microwave time between delicious melted chocolate and burnt sadness in your mouth!)
Spread a thin layer of melted chocolate on the bottom of your baked Dinomite's Fluffy Bites. Let cool slightly, then flip over and drizzle more melted chocolate over the top.
Enjoy!!
Note: these may be best stored in a refrigerator to avoid melting of chocolate, though they can certainly also be enjoyed at room temperature.

Submitter: 
Allison of the Myrmidons Et Al
Description: 
These delicious cookies are best served alongside a Random Act of Kindness! They are particularly kind to animals as they are vegan, and kind to celiacs as they are gluten-free.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
