URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64469620/dinomites-fluffy-bites/
Title:
Dinomite's Fluffy Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2460573.jpg
Ingredients:
3 Packets unflavored Gelatin
I c. ice cold Maraschino Cherry Juice
1.5 c. Sugar
1 c. Light Corn Syrup
1/4 tsp. Salt
2 tsp. Vanilla Extract
1/4 c. Confectioner's Sugar (Powdered)
1/4 c. Corn Starch
10 oz. Jar Maraschino Cherries
Bag of pretzels (I prefer pretzel thin/flats, as they look nicer)

Directions:
Prep: Crush pretzels roughly in mortar and pestle or food processor, set aside. Roughly dice maraschino cherries, then place on paper towel or a cheesecloth to absorb all extra moisture. The goal is to get rid of all excess juice from the jar. Set aside.
Put gelatin and 1/2 c. cherry juice in mixer bowl.
In small saucepan, combine sugar, corn syrup, salt, and remaining cherry juice. Cook on medium heat, covered, for 4 minutes.
Uncover, attach a candy thermometer, and cook until mix reaches 240 F. Do not stir.
Once mix reaches temperature, add to gelatin in mixing bowl and whisk (on med-high) for 12-15 minutes until stiff peaks. Add the vanilla in the last minute or two of whisking process.
Combine powdered sugar and corn starch, and use mixture to dust pan and the cutting knife.
Pour mixture in a cling film lined dish(dusted with powdered sugar mixture), then level with the back of a silicone spatula. Press diced cherries in to the top of the leveled mallows. Let set for at least 4 hours in a refrigerator. Once set, cut into jumbo sized mallows, and roll in crushed pretzels.
Makes 50-60 jumbo sized marshmallows.

Submitter: 
Stina Ethelyn Borst
Description: 
Ever wonder what to feed your pet dinosaur? Look no further! This recipe is certified to not only satisfy your favorite sweet toothed Jurassic friend, but also tame your own sugary spirit!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
5 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
