URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64469167/dinomites-fluffy-bites/
Title:
Dinomite's Fluffy Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2457971.jpg
Ingredients:
4 brown eggs, egg whites only (room temperature)
8 tablespoons Sugar
1 tablespoon Corn Starch
1 teaspoon (teaspoon NOT tablespoon) Baking Powder
1 teaspoon of pure vanilla extract
Whipping Cream (pint)
Two pints of fresh berries (strawberries, raspberries, and blueberries or any of your favorite berries)

Directions:
You will need a flat cookie sheet (or two) and Parchment Paper (or silpat)in addition to the ingredients below.
Preheat oven to 250
Beat egg whites really well until fluffy (works best with a hand mixer or blender - otherwise you're going to be working your hand quite a bit).  Add two tablespoons of sugar per egg white.  Whisk in 1 teaspoon of pure vanilla extract and one teaspoon of corn starch (strain it in - skip it if you're lazy..it'll be fine) and 1 teaspoon of baking powder.
Scoop about a tablespoon and a half for each meringue onto the parchment paper and make a nest in the center with the back of your spoon (this is where that dinomite whipped cream and fruit will rest).  You can also use a piping bag to make a more precise "nest."  Bake in the oven for 2 hours.  For the last 30 minutes, reduce heat to 200 degrees.  Cool down and test for gooey center..if too gooey, put back in the oven.  For best results, turn off oven and leave oven door slightly open (to release moisture) and leave in oven overnight or for at least an hour.
When ready to serve, whip whipping cream (using hand mixer or bowl mixer) and add a little sugar to taste (a teaspoon or two, to taste).  Right before serving, top with whipped cream, fresh strawberries,raspberies, blueberries or a favorite in-season fruit.  Store your (completely cooled) Dinomite fluffy bites in a ziplock bag (with a paper towel to absorb any moisture) or other airtight container.  Whipped cream and fruit can be stored separately and transported for a DINOMITE presentation.

Submitter: 
Ramona Nichols Granucci
Description: 
One of my favorite light, summer dessert recipes, modified from the mother of one of my favorite ladies.  Inspired by Ana!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
