URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64468214/dinomites-fluffy-bites/
Title:
Dinomite's Fluffy Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2451848.jpg
Ingredients:
Peanut butter cookies:
1 cup creamy peanut butter (do not use crunchy or natural)
1 cup packed light brown sugar
1 tbs. vanilla
1/2 cup softened butter (one stick)
1 egg
1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour
3/4 tsp. baking soda
1/4 tsp. salt
1 cup peanut butter morsels
1 cup dark chocolate chunks
Marshmallow filling:
8 oz. marshmallow creme
1/2 cup softened butter (1 stick)
1 tsp. almond extract
1 pinch salt
2 cups powdered sugar

Directions:
Combine sugar, butter, peanut butter, egg, and vanilla in the bowl of a stand mixer using the paddle attachment. Blend at medium-high speed until fluffy, about five minutes.
Mix together flour, baking soda, and salt. Add to wet ingredients and stir on low until just combined; about one minute. Stir in the peanut butter morsels and dark chocolate chunks.
Refrigerate dough for at least one hour, up to overnight.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Take two baking sheets and line with silicone mats or parchment paper. With a 1 inch cookie dough scoop, scoop cookie dough balls about an inch apart, 20 cookies per sheet.
Bake each pan for ten minutes each. It's okay if they look underdone. Let cookies cool to room temperature.
Make the marshmallow filling. In the bowl of a stand mixer, use the whisk attachment to combine marshmallow creme, almond extract, salt, and butter. Beat on high speed for about 2-3 minutes until thoroughly combined. Slowly add in the powdered sugar until it reaches a thick but spreadable consistency.
Spread the filling on the underside of half of the cookies. Use the remaining cookies to sandwich the other side of the filling. You have Dinomite's Fluffy Bites!

Submitter: 
Jennifer C. Martin
Description: 
This recipe was created for Supernatural's Misha Collins as part of the GISHWES competition. It's an amazing tribute to the fluffernutter sandwich. These little guys are addictive, but rich!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
130 m
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
