URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64462560/lemper---sticky-coconut-rice-filled-with-chicken/
Title:
Lemper - Sticky  coconut rice filled with chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2441324.jpg
Ingredients:
Banana leaves (optional)
Filling:
1/2 lb chicken (boneless)
1 branch of Lemongrass
1 chicken bouillon block
1 tsp crushed Coriander seeds (i.e. Ketoembar/Koriander)
1 tsp Trassi (i.e. Shrimp paste, Petis pedang)
2 slices of fresh Ginger root
2-4 Daum Salaam leaves.(i.e. Indonesian Bay leaves)
Sweet Rice:
3 cups of sweet rice
1 can (13.5 oz or 400 ml) coconut milk
2 Juruk Purut leaves (i.e. Citrus leaves)
2-4 Daun Salaam leaves (i.e. Indonesian Bay leaves)
1 branch of Lemongrass.
Bambu:
2 Tbsp Peanut oil
2 Shallots
2 Garlic cloves
4 Kemiri nuts (i.e. Candle Nuts)
1/2 tsp Cumin powder(i.e. Djinten or Komijn)
1/2 tsp Tumeric powder(i.e. Koenjit,or Kurkuma)
1/2 tsp Lemongrass powder(i.e. Sereh)

Directions:
Making the filling:
In 2 cups of water, cook the chicken and spices for 30 min.
Let simmer until the chicken falls apart easily.
Remove the chicken and reserve the liquid.
Let the chicken cool, and shred with fork.
Making the Rice:
Cook the rice with the lemongrass, Juruk Purut, Daun Salaam and coconut milk in a rice cooker using the 'sweet' rice setting.
Making the Bambu:
Slice the shallot and garlic fine and add to mortar.
Add all other ingredients to mortar and grind with the pestle until you have a smooth paste.
Put oil in a frying pan and saute the bambu in oil (1-2 min).
Add the pulled chicken and 3 Tbsp of reserved liquid.
Continue stirring until thoroughly mixed.
Remove from the stove and let cool.
When rice is done cooking, remove the spices and let cool. (the rice will be easier to roll if it is still warm, so don't let it cool completely).
Making the Lemper:
Place 2 heaping Tbsp of rice onto large piece of plastic wrap.
Fold plastic wrap over rice, and flatten it out into a rectangle.
Unfold plastic, and put 1 heaping Tbsp of chicken filling in a line on rice rectangle.
Using plastic wrap, Roll rice around filling.
Twist ends and squeeze until rice forms a short (sausage-type) roll.
Fold plastic ends under roll, and freeze.
To serve: microwave Lemper in plastic for 1 minute, cut off one end of the plastic wrap and squeeze the other end of the Lemper to remove plastic.

Submitter: 
Jill Sander
Description: 
Indonesian Side Dish. The Eagle Chilly Sauce is a must! so yummy! No other sauce tastes the same! Eet smakelijk!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
2 hrs
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
