URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64460276/chicken-with-sundried-tomato-and-mushroom-sauce/
Title:
Chicken with Sundried Tomato and Mushroom Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 large or 3 medium skinless boneless chicken breasts
olive oil
fresh ground black pepper, to taste
~9 sun-dried tomato halves, chopped (about 3 Tbsp of dry tomatoes)
3 Tbsp fresh basil, chopped (OR 1 Tbsp dry basil)
8 oz mushrooms, sliced
2 Tbsp onions, minced
2 Tbsp garlic, minced
8 Tbsp butter, divided
3/4 cup white wine
1/2 cup lemon juice

Directions:
Preheat grill.
If using dry sundried tomatoes, place in a small bowl with 1 tsp wine and 1 tsp warm water.  Stir, then check after a few minutes.  If all water has been absorbed, add 1 additional tsp warm water.  Set aside.
Slice each chicken breast into about 3 or 4 pieces.  The thickest piece will usually need to be sliced horizontally to make it thinner like the rest.  Sprinkle chicken with black pepper, and pat it in.  Brush chicken all over with olive oil.  Set aside.
Sautee mushrooms, onion, and garlic in 2 Tbps butter until mushrooms are cooked.
Add white wine and lemon juice, reduce heat and simmer 10 minutes to reduce.
While sauce is simmering, grill chicken until done.  Set aside and keep warm while finishing sauce.
When sauce is sufficiently reduced, remove from heat.  Chop remaining 6 Tbsp butter into small pieces.  Add to sauce and stir until melted.
Add sun-dried tomatoes and basil.  There should be enough heat remaining in sauce to warm tomatoes and wilt basil.  If not, heat on low just long enough to reach necessary temperature.  Overheating will make the sauce too thin.
Serve sauce over chicken breasts.

Submitter: 
Chef Mom
Description: 
I think this will be very good with tweaks.  Reduce the lemon juice!  Please ignore the prep time, cook time, and servings.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
