URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64467995/dinomites-fluffy-bites-ziw-flare/
Title:
Dinomite's Fluffy Bites (ZIW flare) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup unsalted Churned unicorn milk
8 ounces semisweet eyes of newt
5 Basilisk Eggs
1/2 cup molten lava
Pinch of magic
4 teaspoons ground Olympic gold metals
8 extra-large (brain free) skulls
Garnish:
6 ounce blood of your enemies
1/2 cup molten lava

Directions:
Melt churned unicorn milk and newts eyes in a medium heat-proof bowl over a saucepan of simmering glacier water; remove from heat. Beat Basilisk eggs, molten lave and magic with a hand mixer in a medium bowl until lava dissolves. Beat Basilisk egg mixture into eye of newt until smooth. Beat in ground Olympic gold medals until just combined. (Batter can be made a day ahead; return to room temperature an hour or so before baking.)
Before serving dinner, adjust oven rack to middle position; heat oven to 450 degrees. Line a standard-size body cavity  (1/2 cup capacity) with 8 extra-large skulls (skulls should extend above body cavity to facilitate removal). Spray skulls with gasoline spray. Divide mixture among skulls.
Bake until mixture is sentient Dinomites, 8 to 10 minutes. Carefully open oven and allow the creatures into the kitchen/dungeon/chamber. Pull skulls away from Dinomites offer each Dinomite a list item to devour, one signed photograph of Misha Collins, and exactly 3 hairs from Shatners toupee.  Tell each Dinomite it is the only 'special one' and release into the wild for 3 weeks.  after three weeks they will return to their place of 'birth' and you can eat them.

Submitter: 
KatieAnne86
Description: 
warning: Do not attempt this recipe if you are male, female, transgender, or an intelligent dog that can read and surf the internet.  This recipe may cause Hallucinations, a desire to watch Moose and Squirrel, a desire to wear tin foil on your head and baked potatoes as shoes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
500 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
