URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64465635/sweet-potato-quinoa-kale-falafel-w-tahini-sauce/
Title:
Sweet Potato Quinoa Kale Falafel w Tahini Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 medium cloves garlic, chopped
2 cups stemmed, chopped kale
1/4 cup Italian parsley leaves
1 15 ounce can of chickpeas, drained
1 cup cooked sweet potato
3/4 cup cooked quinoa
2 teaspoons ground cumin
2 teaspoons lemon juice
1 tablespoon tahini
1/2 teaspoon sea salt
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
Vegetable cooking spray (omit)
Yogurt Tahini Sauce
1/2 cup plain Greek yogurt
1 tablespoon lemon juice
1 tablespoon tahini
2 tablespoons thinly sliced red onion
1 small clove garlic, minced
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon pepper

Directions:
Add the garlic, kale and parsley to the food processor and process for 30 seconds to 1 minute until the greens are finely chopped.
Add the chickpeas and process again until the beans are crumbled but not yet turned into paste. Remove half the contents of the process and put into a medium sized bowl.
Add the remaining ingredients to the processor except for cooking spray. Process for 1 minute, until all the ingredients become incorporated but not too pasty
Add the processed mixture to the mixture in the bowl. Using a spatula, stir well to combine. Let sit for 5 to 10 minutes for the flavors to blend.
Heat an oven to 400 degrees F.
Put parchment on a rimmed baking sheet. Spray with cooking spray.
Using a small cookie scoop, or melon baller, make balls the size of ping pong balls and place on baking sheet. Spray the tops with cooking spray.
Bake for 10 minutes on one side. Flip the balls over and bake another 10 minutes. When time is up, let the balls sit for 5 minutes to cool before serving them.
Serve in pita bread, on tortillas, or wrap in lettuce leaves, with a tahini-garlic sauce on the side.

Submitter: 
Wilma Laura Wiggins
Description: 
Award winning recipe for falafel with a twist.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
45 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
