URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64466276/dinomites-fluffy-bites-dinobites/
Title:
Dinomite's Fluffy Bites (Dinobites) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2442975.jpg
Ingredients:
Cookie:
(you will need to chill dough)
1 1/2 cups melted butter/margarine (3 sticks)
1 cup white sugar
1 cup light brown sugar
1/2 cup dark molasses
1 beaten whole egg
1 beaten egg yolk (save the white for Marshmallow Creme)
3 tsp baking soda
1 tsp baking powder
1 tsp salt
3 tsp cinnamon
1 tsp nutmeg
4 cups all purpose flour
extra white sugar for rolling
Marshmallow Creme:
1 egg white (room temp or warm egg in hot water before separating)
3/4 cup light corn syrup
1/4 tsp salt
3/4 cup powdered sugar
1 3/4 tsp vanilla extract
Vanilla Buttercream Frosting:
3 cups powdered sugar
1/3 cup butter/margarine
1 1/4 teaspoons vanilla
2 tablespoons milk

Directions:
Cookies:
Melt butter, add both sugars and molasses and stir. Let it cool slightly then add (stirring after each addition) eggs, baking soda, baking powder, salt, cinnamon, and nutmeg. Add flour in one cup increments, stirring after each one. The dough should be stiff.
Cover and refrigerate for 2+ hours, or overnight if possible.
Preheat oven to 325°F, rack in middle position.
Roll chilled dough into small balls, then roll in white sugar. Place on a nonstick cookie sheet. You can press them down a little so they won't roll.
Bake approximately 6 minutes, let cool on cookie sheet for 2 minutes. Move to wire rack to finish cooling.
Makes 18-22 dozen, or 10-15 dozen larger cookies.
Marshmallow Creme:
Beat egg white, corn syrup and salt in a large bowl on high speed until mixture is thick and has doubled, 6-7 minutes. Reduce speed to low and beat in sugar until combined. Add in vanilla and beat until combined.
Refrigerate covered for up to 2 weeks.
Vanilla Buttercream Frosting:
Mix sugar and butter on low speed in a medium sized bowl. Stir in vanilla and half of the milk. Gradually beat in more milk a few drops at a time until the frosting is spreadable.
Refrigerate covered up to 2 weeks.
Assemble:
Spread marshmallow creme on the top of a cookie, spread vanilla buttercream frosting on top of a second cookie and place on top of first cookie.

Submitter: 
Chanda Owens
Description: 
This recipe was put together for GIsHWheS team PinotNoir, Dinobites are tasty and loved by adults and children alike! 

A kale garnish is recommended for added ambiance.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2 hrs+
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
142
Nutritional Facts:
NA
