URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64466750/dinomites-fluffy-bites/
Title:
Dinomite's Fluffy Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2468828.jpg
Ingredients:
For the kale brownie bites:
6 tablespoons salted butter
3/4 cup semisweet chocolate chips
2 large eggs
2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract
1/2 cup pureed kale
1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1 tablespoon dutched cocoa powder
For the kale flavored marshmallow frosting:
2 large egg whites
1 cup granulated sugar
2 teaspoons light corn syrup
1/3 cup cold kale juice
1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
30 regular size marshmallows (about 2 cups), cut in fourths for easier melting

Directions:
For the kale brownie bites:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
Line mini muffin pan with paper inserts.
Melt butter and chocolate chips together in a double boiler or bowl over simmering water. Remove from heat and allow mixture to cool a bit. Meanwhile, in another bowl, stir together the eggs, vanilla, sugar, kale and water. Combine kale mixture with the cooled chocolate mixture.
In a mixing bowl, stir together flour, cocoa powder, and salt. Add this to the chocolate mixture and blend thoroughly. Fill muffin cups 3/4 full.
Bake for 10 minutes, until a toothpick comes out clean. Allow to cool completely before frosting.
For the kale flavored marshmallow frosting:
Place egg whites, sugar, corn syrup and kale juice in the top of a double boiler. Beat with a handheld electric mixer for about 1 minute.
Place pan over boiling water. Make sure the boiling water does not touch the bottom of the top pan. Beat constantly with an electric mixer on high speed for 7-8 minutes, or until it is stiff and glossy. Beat in vanilla and marshmallows. Continue beating until marshmallows are melted and frosting is smooth; about 2 minutes. Frost cooled brownie bites immediately.

Submitter: 
Geeta Palumbo
Description: 
Kale brownie bites with kale flavored marshmallow frosting
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.89473676681519
Prep time: 
50 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
48
Nutritional Facts:
NA
