URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64469962/raspberry-dinomite-fluffy-bites/
Title:
Raspberry Dinomite Fluffy Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2462331.jpg
Ingredients:
Raspberry Sauce:
Ingredients:
1 pint raspberries
2 tablespoons orange juice
2 tablespoons cornstarch
1 cup cold water
Fluffy Dinomite Bites:
Ingredients:
5 cups vegetable oil, for frying
1 cup milk
1 large egg
2 cups all-purpose flour
2 Tablespoons sugar
4 ½ teaspoons baking powder
½ teaspoon salt
¼ cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted
sugar for rolling doughnut bites in

Directions:
Raspberry dip Dinomite Fluffy Bites: Combine the raspberries, sugar, and orange juice in a saucepan. Whisk the cornstarch into the cold water until smooth. Add the mixture to the saucepan and bring to a boil.
Simmer for about 5 minutes, stirring constantly, until the desired consistency is reached. The sauce will thicken further as it cools.
Puree the sauce in a blender or with a handheld immersion blender and strain it through a fine sieve. Serve warm or cold. The sauce will keep in the refrigerator for up to two weeks.
Fluffy Dinomite Bites: Add the vegetable oil to a large, heavy-bottomed pot. (There should be at least 2 inches between the top of the oil and the top of the pot) Attach the deep-fry thermometer to the pot and begin heating the oil over medium heat to 350 F. Line a baking sheet with paper towels.
In a small bowl, whisk together the milk and the egg.
In a separate medium bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt. Stir the milk-egg mixture into the dry ingredients, then stir in the melted butter, mising until a soft dough forms.
Once the oil has reached 350 F, use a small ice cream scoop to drop about 1 tablespoon scoops of dough into the oil, careful to to overcrowd the pan. Fry the doughnut holes, flipping them in the oil, for about 2 minutes or until they’re golden brown. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the doughnut holes to the paper towel-lined baking sheet.
Allow the doughnut holes to cool slightly. Place a cooling rack atop a baking sheet. Roll in sugar. Once cool enough, enjoy with the your favorite dipping sauce, raspberry included. ^,^

Submitter: 
Deanna
Description: 
This here is a GISHWHES specialty! Dinomite personally loves these fluffy bites with yummy raspberry sauce!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
40
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
