URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64468507/dinomites-fluffy-bites/
Title:
Dinomite's Fluffy Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2447672.jpg
Ingredients:
1 Can Cream Style Corn
1 Can Whole Kernel Corn; drained
1/2 Cup Yellow Cornmeal
1/2 Cup all-purpose flour
1 egg white
2 Tbsp milk
Salt and Pepper to taste (dinomite likes it salty fyi)
oil for frying - your favorite kind using your favorite method if at my house I'd use a couple of cups of vegetable oil in a skillet/pan(I prefer to make at my sister's because she has a neat little fryer - I'm sure she wouldn't mind visitors lol)
Optional Ingredient(s)
powdered sugar (to taste)
Honey Butter (packaged brought to room temperature)
or
1 Cup honey
1/2 C butter softened

Directions:
After gathering all of the listed ingredients, meet me back here. Read all the steps once through then begin to follow starting back at 1... trust me. better to plan ahead than deal with a cranky and hungry Dino ;)
1. Grab a medium sized bowl and mix together with a table spoon the creamed corn and whole kernel corn (which has been drained).
2. Next, line a baking sheet with parchment paper or aluminum foil sprayed with cooking spray
3. Using your spoon, drop spoonfuls of the corn mixture onto the sheet and freeze until firm, about 3 hours
4. After the corn nuggets have frozen, heat your oil to 350 degrees F; which ever method you choose will dictate the amount and process
5. Get another medium bowl (or wash out the one you used in step 1 if you haven't already - but seriously - it's been 3 hours lol) and mix together the cornmeal, flour, egg white, milk, and salt and pepper to make your batter
6. Take one frozen nugget bite, dip it into the batter, then quickly fry it in the hot oil until golden brown.
7. Remove from hot oil with tongs or scoop and place onto paper towels to drain the excess grease.
8. *Optional Powdered Sugar* Sprinkle to taste; looks good, tastes great
9. *Optional Honey Butter Dip* combine in small bowl honey and butter until smooth (or use softened packaged honey butter)

Submitter: 
rockrenegades
Description: 
A great little bite of sweet and savory goodness rolled into one, and a favorite of the GISHWHES mascot DINOMITE!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
3 h, 15 m
Ready in:
3 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
