URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64467029/dinomite-fuzzy-bites/
Title:
Dinomite Fuzzy Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2445300.jpg
Ingredients:
1 Box Vanilla Cake Mix
1 Can Crisco
3 Eggs
1.5 Cups Chicken Broth
1 Cup Safflower Oil
7 Handfuls Bellybutton Lint (13 Shoefuls of Stale Bread Crumbs will do in a pinch)
37 Gallons Edible White Paint
16 Plastic Dinosaurs
1 Bag Shredded Coconut
1 Pound Onion Slices
7 Bunches of Organic Kale
13 Hours Recording of Looped Dog Barking

Directions:
Begin listening to dog bark recordings to soothe the plastic dinosaurs.
Paint your toenails, fingernails, and tip of nose bright pink.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees Fallibilism (or whatever the F stands for).
Pour cake mix into bowl. Mix in chicken broth and safflower oil. Break unborn chicken babies into the bowl, including the innards and the egg shells. Throw in the onion slices.
Pour cake mix into pan.
Put pan in oven for as long as it takes you to count to one million backwards.
Remove the cake from the oven, do not wait for it to cool. Let it burn, feel the pain. Using your hands, take the cooked cake and crumble it up in a clean neon green bowl. Scoop full can of crisco into the bowl with cake crumbs.
Remove one handful of cake mix from bowl. Place one plastic dinosaur in the other hand. Smush both hands together and roll in a ball-like motion.
Begin doing the chicken dance to the dog barking.
Place each dinosaur ball on a pink plate. Make 8 in total.
Place the remaining dinosaurs on the cake balls.
Place plates in freezer for 391 upside down cartwheels.
After cartwheels, remove plates from freezer.
Begin pouring white paint on top of bites.
Sprinkle shredded coconut on top of bites.
Sprinkle bellybutton lint on top of bites.
Wait until the white paint has dried and then place each individual bite on a leaf of kale. This is the most important step, and where most people fail miserably.
Place each DFB on the floors of your house in a different room. This way you have to travel between each bite (this is your exercise).
Sit back, relax, and enjoy eating the rest of your kale. You deserve it.
Never stop listening to the dog barking records.

Submitter: 
Esthar Osada
Description: 
This is the ultimate in Paleo-diets. Each savory Dinomite Fuzzy Bites is sweet, salty, sour, crunchy, and absolutely delicious. Brought to you by the BCFF2015LovesTrexLovesPudding GISHWHES team, who knows how to cook, eat, AND crochet.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
17.1 heartbeats
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
63
Nutritional Facts:
NA
