URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64466758/dinomites-fluffy-bites/
Title:
Dinomite's Fluffy bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
5 cups red velvet cake crumbs
1/2 cup frosting, room temp
1/8 cup kale juice
2 oz of Misha Collins' hair
1 tsp of holy water
10 oz of red candy melts
rock salt (for garnish and to deter unfriendly spirits)
20 silver lollipop sticks so that nobody evil may eat these delectable treats

Directions:
1. Turn on a classic rock station, put on your best flannel and line a baking sheet with parchment paper; throw it on the ground.
2.Dump cake crumbs in a bowl with the frosting and a splash of kale juice and beat the  out of it like it's an angry ghost-possesed person coming at you with a sharp object.
3. After you're finished screaming like a little girl, stir in the Misha hair and holy water until all the lumps of evil evaporate.
4. Using your bare, bloody hands roll the cake mixture into 20 balls, about the size of a human eye.
5. Throw them into a shallow grave to cool until somewhat firm.
6. Take the rock salt and apply salt lines over the entrances and windows so that no evil spirits may sneak up on you while you're cooking, the kitchen is a dangerous place! Pour the rest onto a plate.
7.Use the fires of hell to melt the candy melts, it should be the texture of cream. If not add more holy water.
8.Remove the chilled bites from shallow grave and thrust the silver sticks into them. immediately plunge into melted candy and plop onto the salt plate.
9. let the bites harden at room temperature while you perform the exorcism ritual backwards in A minor.
Serve immediately. All leftovers must be given a proper Hunter's funeral- salted and burned.

Submitter: 
Gish Whes
Description: 
A delicious traditional gishwhes snack that can add that extra little zing to any dinner party and ensure that nobody will ever come to your house for food ever again. Good for repelling evil.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 hr 15 m
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
