URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64468057/lemon-bar-swirl-cheesecake/
Title:
Lemon Bar Swirl Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups all-purpose flour $
1/2 cup powdered sugar
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup cold butter, cubed $
2 egg yolks $
1 to 2 Tbsp. ice-cold water $$
4 (8-oz.) packages cream cheese, softened
1 cup granulated sugar
4 large eggs $
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
2 cups Quick and Easy Lemon Curd, divided
Candied Lemon Slices (optional)

Directions:
1. Pulse first 3 ingredients in a food processor 3 or 4 times or just until blended. Add butter, and pulse 5 or 6 times or until crumbly. Whisk together egg yolks and 1 Tbsp. ice-cold water in a small bowl; add to butter mixture, and process until dough forms a ball and pulls away from sides of bowl, adding up to 1 Tbsp. remaining ice-cold water, 1 tsp. at a time, if necessary. Shape dough into a disk; wrap in plastic wrap. Chill 4 to 24 hours.
2. Roll dough into a 14-inch circle on a lightly floured surface. Fit dough into a lightly greased 9-inch dark springform pan, gently pressing on bottom and up sides of pan; trim and discard excess dough. Chill 30 minutes.
3. Meanwhile, preheat oven to 325°. Beat cream cheese at medium speed with an electric mixer 3 minutes or until smooth. Gradually add granulated sugar, beating until blended. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating just until yellow disappears after each addition. Beat in vanilla.
4. Pour two-thirds of cheesecake batter (about 4 cups) into prepared crust; dollop 1 cup lemon curd over batter in pan, and gently swirl with a knife. Spoon remaining batter into pan.
5. Bake at 325° for 1 hour to 1 hour and 10 minutes or just until center is set. Turn oven off. Let cheesecake stand in oven, with door closed, 15 minutes. Remove cheesecake from oven, and gently run a knife around outer edge of cheesecake to loosen from sides of pan. (Do not remove sides of pan.) Cool completely in pan on a wire rack (about 1 hour). Cover and chill 8 to 24 hours.
6. Remove sides of pan, and transfer cheesecake to a serving platter. Spoon remaining 1 cup lemon curd over cheesecake, and, if desired, top with Candied Lemon Slices.Hands-on: 40 Minutes
Total: 22 Hours, 45 Minutes

Submitter: 
Jay Lynne Stuart
Description: 
Luscious cheesecake with a sweet flakey crust and lemon curd filling. From Southern Living.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
