URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64469771/dinomites-fluffy-bites/
Title:
Dinomite's Fluffy Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2461457.jpg
Ingredients:
For the dinomite colored vanilla cake batter
- 1 1/2 cups unsalted butter
- 3 cups sugar
- 1 1/2 tsp vanilla extract
- 6 eggs
- 1 1/2 cups milk
- 3 3/4 cups flour
- 1 tbs + 1 tsp baking powder
- 3/4 tsp salt
- red, blue food coloring
- 1 1/2 tbs unsweetened cocoa powder
For the fluffy marshmallow frosting:
- 2 cups softened butter
- 2 1/2 cups confectioners' sugar
- 1 tsp vanilla extract
- 270 g marshmallow cream
For the chocolate Dinomites:
- 500 g melted dark chocolate
- 50 g melted white chocolate
- 70 g melted red candy melts
- 50 g melted blue candy melts

Directions:
For the dinomite colored vanilla cake batter:
Preheat the oven at 350 F (180 C)
Put your flour, baking powder, and salt into a ball and whisk them together.
Cream your butter, sugar, and vanilla extract at medium speed until light and fluffy
(8-10 minutes).
At your eggs to the mixture, two at a time, and blend until incorporated.
Add the flour mixture alternatively with your milk.
Devine your batter into 3 bowls.
Color the first one red, the second blue, and add you cocoa powder to the last one.
Stir 'till incorporated.
Grease your cupcake tray with butter or cooking spray.
Take a spoonful of your cocoa batter and place it in the middle, add on top of that a spoonful of red, after the red add again a spoonful of cocoa batter, and the a spoonful of blue.
Continue the process 'till you fill the whole cupcakes.
Put the in the oven and bake 'till a toothpick come out clean.
For the fluffy marshmallow frosting
Cream your butter on medium speed, until is soft and fluffy.
Gradually beat in confectioners' sugar, about 1/2 cup at a time.
Add vanilla extract.
Gently fold the marshmallow cream into the mix types 'till thoroughly incorporated.
For the chocolate Dinomites:
You can either print out a Dinomite template and use piping bags or free-hand them with a small paint brush.
Make a small chocolate stick on the bottom part of the Dinomite so you can place it on the top of your cupcakes once you frost them.
Put them in the freezer to set.
To decorate your cupcakes:
When your cupcakes have cooled down completely use a piping bag with a round tip to frost them.
Then place the Dinomites on the top of each cupcake. The stick you made will help to keep him in place.

Submitter: 
TeamScentedEnemyBeard
Description: 
gishwhes!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
30
Nutritional Facts:
NA
