URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64469692/dinomites-fluffy-bites/
Title:
Dinomite's Fluffy Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2460901.jpg
Ingredients:
4 large or 6 medium potatoes
butter (about a tablespoon)
dash of milk (enough to mash the potatoes)
salt and pepper to taste
2 tbsp grated parmesan
3 rashers bacon
1 small (310g) tin corn kernels (or use 1 cup frozen, cooked according to packet instructions)
2 eggs (beaten)
1 box (2 cups) panko breadcrumbs (or any dried crumbs)
oil for frying

Directions:
Wash, peel and rinse potatoes. Cut into small pieces.
Place in saucepan with enough water to just cover them, and simmer till tender. (test with a fork)
While potatoes are cooking, strain liquid from your corn, and set kernels aside.
Chop bacon into small pieces and cook in a non-stick pan. Set aside.
When potatoes are cooked,drain water from saucepan. Add butter, a pinch of salt and a dash of milk to potatoes and mash till smooth and creamy. Use just enough milk to make your mash soft, but still firm. You don't want a sloppy mixture.
Add corn kernels, bacon and parmesan to mashed potato. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Set aside until cool enough to handle comfortably.
Beat eggs in a small bowl.
You will need two plates for this. Tip breadcrumbs onto one plate or shallow dish. The other is to hold your crumbed Fluffy Bites.
With clean hands, roll small balls of the potato mixture. About the size of a walnut is good. Smaller if you want them truly bite sized.
As you shape each potato ball, dip it in the beaten egg, then roll in the breadcrumbs, and set it on the other plate.
If oven baking your Dinomites fluffy bites, preheat your oven now to 180C.
11. Heat oil in your frypan. Shallow fry your fluffy bites till just golden, then transfer onto baking paper on an oven tray. Bake them at 180C for 15 minutes, or until hot and a light golden brown.
Alternatively, you may deep fry your Fluffy Bites.
If deep frying, remember to drain well on kitchen paper before serving.
Serve and enjoy.
I recommend a bed of gently steamed kale, or a yummy fresh kale salad as accompaniment.

Submitter: 
Galeana
Description: 
Abnosome, scrumptious, fluffy morsels of delicious potato mash, cooked with your favourite fillings, in a crunchy golden shell. Yum!

This recipe was created for GisHwHes 2015, by Team Spiderhawks. It is now our official team snack, to refuel for all gishing activities. 

Not only does Dinomite love them, but they are also a hit with Elopus, Fograt, Wooster, and many other hybrids, including the rare and superb Peacocklecki.
Also suitable for most humans.

I tested these at home, and my family loved them so much, they've already asked me to make them again.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
