URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64467963/dinomites-fluffy-bites/
Title:
Dinomite's Fluffy Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2450199.jpg
Ingredients:
1 package frozen puff pastry cups
1 package bite sized chocolate candies of your choice, but Kisses definitely add extra fluff
3 Tbsp Nutella
2 C marshmallow fluff (for maximum fluffiness)
1 tsp vanilla extract (make sure you have genuine consent before extracting your vanilla)
chocolate ganache (I use this recipe  but any chocolate dessert topping will do)
tiny marshmallows for garnish (not to be confused with the ganache. Garnish and ganache are different things, apparently)
Fire-breathing dragon to toast your marshmallows (or barring that, a flamethrower) (or barring THAT, one of those kitchen flambe torch thingies)

Directions:
1. bake pastry shells according to package directions. As soon as they come out of the oven, pop a kiss into the bottom of each so they get all nice and warm and melty.
2. While shells are baking, prepare the FLUFF. Mix marshmallow cream, Nutella, and vanilla in a mixer until well combined and the mix achieves maximum fluffiness.
3. When shells are cool, spoon a fluffy cloud blob of the mixture into each cup.
4. Top with a thick layer of chocolate ganache and lots of tiny marshmallows. Again, for maximum fluffiness.
5. Convince your dragon to breathe gently along the tops of your shells so the marshmallows get nice and toasty. But be careful, an overenthusiastic dragon could accidentally incinerate your delicate fluffy bites. Offer the dragon encouragement to be gentle, and then let the dragon eat all the fluffy bites as payment for a job well done. It's best not to deny dragons whatever they want, after all.

Submitter: 
Laura Herbenick Hughes
Description: 
Any recipe with a dragon is a good recipe (according to the dragon).
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
