URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64469705/best-cornish-pasty/
Title:
Best Cornish Pasty Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Pastry:
1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup lard or butter
1/4 cup cold water
Filling:
1 pound skirt steak, cubed
1 medium onion, chopped
1 medium carrot, diced
3 small red potatoes, chopped
1 teaspoon dried parsley
1/2 cup salt pork, diced small
2 Tlb. salt, divided
2 Tlb. ground black pepper, divided
1/4 cup water, or as needed

Directions:
In a medium bowl, stir together the flour and 1/4 teaspoon of salt. Cut in butter with a fork or pastry blender until the mixture resembles bread crumbs. Stir in cold water until the mixture is able to come together in a ball. Knead a couple of times then divide pastry into two pieces. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate for 30 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
On a lightly floured surface, roll out the pastry into two 10-inch circles.
Place half of the potato in a line down the center of each circle, leaving  at least 1 inch at each end uncovered. Arrange the onion and carrot over the potatoes, and season with salt, pepper and some of the dried parsley. Place half of the beef cubes over each onion layer, then season again with salt, pepper and dried parsley. Dot with butter and salt pork. Fold the edges of the circle up to meet along the top of the meat filling, and crimp the dough along the top to seal.
Transfer the two pastries to a greased baking sheet, and cut a few slits in the top of each one for ventilation.
Bake for 45 minutes in the preheated oven. Remove from the oven, and reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spoon 1 teaspoon of water into each slit on the tops of the pasties. Return to the oven, and bake for an additional 15 minutes, or until golden brown. Serve whole.

Submitter: 
Sandra Holding
Description: 
This recipe originated in Cornwall England, made originally for the coal miners' lunch.  To make these more quickly, you can use pre-made pie crusts.Modified from: Great Grandma Johns' Pasties
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
