URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64475463/swiss-chard-and-onion-frittata/
Title:
Swiss Chard and Onion Frittata Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 teaspoons olive oil, divided
1 cup thinly sliced onion
4 cups trimmed and thinly sliced Swiss chard
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, divided
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley
4 tablespoons small fresh basil leaves, divided
1 teaspoon minced garlic
4 large eggs, lightly beaten
1.5 ounces Gruyère cheese, shredded and divided (about 1/3 cup)
2 tablespoons grated vegetarian Parmesan cheese

Directions:
Heat a 10-inch ovenproof nonstick skillet over medium-low heat. Add 2 teaspoons olive oil to pan; swirl to coat. Add thinly sliced onion; cook 12 minutes or until onion is tender, stirring occasionally. Add chard; cook 10 minutes or until chard is tender, stirring occasionally. Sprinkle with 1/4 teaspoon salt and black pepper.
Combine parsley, 2 tablespoons basil, garlic, eggs, and remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt, stirring with a whisk. Add chard mixture to egg mixture. Stir in 1 ounce Gruyère cheese.
Preheat broiler to high.
Wipe pan clean with a paper towel. Return pan to medium-high heat. Add remaining 2 teaspoons oil to pan; swirl to coat. Add egg mixture to pan; cook 30 seconds. Reduce heat to low; cook, without stirring, for 4 minutes or until eggs are partially cooked. Sprinkle egg mixture with Parmesan cheese and remaining 0.5 ounce Gruyère cheese.
Place pan under broiler. Broil 1 minute or until eggs are thoroughly cooked and cheese is browned. Remove pan from oven. Run a silicone spatula around edge and under frittata to loosen from pan; slide frittata onto a plate or cutting board. Sprinkle with remaining 2 tablespoons basil. Cut frittata into 4 wedges.

Submitter: 
Noel Keen
Description: 
Quick Cooking April 2015
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
