URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64474851/black-blue-berry-jam-no-sugar/
Title:
Black & Blue berry jam, NO sugar Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2518502.jpg
Ingredients:
6 cups fresh blackberries
6 cups fresh blueberries
2-12 ounce frozen 100% pure apple juice concentrate cans
2 boxes of powdered SURE JEL pectin, low/no sugar, (pink boxes)
splash of lemon juice
dash of sea salt

Directions:
Preparation is foremost the first step. Boil to sterilize all jam jars for about 10 minutes, place on clean cotton cloth to drain and dry. In smaller saucepan with a couple inches of water, keep the canning lid seals very hot until time to seal jars with them, and the clean seal rings. In a very large pan place all the berries and smash down, add dash of lemon juice and dash salt, then add most of the thawed frozen juice concentrate apple juice, except for 1/2 a cup of it placed into mixing bowl.  Use this to put pectin into and dissolve best you can by stirring well.  Pour all into berry and juice mix in the large pan and bring to boil for approximately 15-20 minutes. Keep stirring as jam is cooking and boiling hard.  Place large mouth funnel on each jar as you fill them about 1/4 inch or so from top, do not over fill, and keep jar top clean, taking a HOT seal from water, place on each jar and seal tight with the metal ring.  Place each jar into the canning pan filled with water that has begun to boil to do a "water bath" of about 10 more minutes gentle boil. Careful to not drop or place cold jars into hot water.  Important to work fast as you can with the hot jars and the tongs that help you place them into boiling water.  Water must cover all jars at least an inch or so.  After the water bath of about 10 minutes, turn off heat, allow to cool down in hot water a bit before setting out on clean cotton towels to "firm" up. Jam does appear "runny"  until set.  Sometimes takes up to 24 hours, sometimes much faster to set.  Note, I use fresh clean cloth & tongs to handle the hot jars as needed. The jam can be stored in dark cupboard until opened and then refrigerated. Make sure all jars do indeed seal, if not, use them first and keep in fridge if not sealed by process.

Submitter: 
gem bee
Description: 
In the desire to lessen and even eradicate all refined white sugar from diet, this fresh berry jam is a great treat. Family approved, PB&J a staple still!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1-2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
100
Nutritional Facts:
NA
