URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64476009/pressure-cooked-guinness-short-ribs/
Title:
Pressure cooked Guinness Short Ribs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2499883.jpg
Ingredients:
5 - 6 large beef short ribs
1 cup chicken stock
1 cup beef stock
1 can Guinness Draught (or Murphy's...pretty good by Irish standards, if I say so me self...)
1 T tomato paste
4 scallions, chopped
1 T olive oil
S&P to taste (I use about 2 tsp each when seasoning...)

Directions:
Season the ribs with salt and pepper See Photo
Let them rest for a bit while you get the pan ready
In a large pressure cooker, heat the olive oil on high
Brown the ribs on all sides See Photo
Add the beef and chicken stock, along with the Guinness (make sure ribs are covered in liquid...if not, add more beef stock) See Photo
Add 3 chopped scallions, reserving one for garnish See Photo
Add the tomato paste and then cover
Bring pressure to high and then lower heat to med low, or low...whatever it takes to maintain the high pressure on your stove top. Mine needs to be at a "3 1/2 - 4", or Medium low.
As soon as you achieve the high pressure, start your timer at 45 minutes
When done, allow the pressure to release naturally by taking it off the heat and waiting until the cover will come off.
Serve with a few tablespoons of the liquid and the fresh chopped scallions as garnish.
No Pressure Cooker?
If you do not have a pressure cooker, no problem. It just takes longer. In a heavy bottomed pot, sear the ribs, add the liquid and make sure the ribs are covered completely. Bring to a boil, cover, and reduce the temp to a simmer. Cook for 2 1/2 to 3 hours. Same, delicious result.
A normal portion for me is 3 ribs, but I'm a hungry guy. Ladies, two will probably be enough. A large pressure cooker can do twice the recipe, here, without an issue.

Submitter: 
Patrick
Description: 
These are as good as it gets. Tender, flavorful and a family favorite
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
90 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
