URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64470688/one-pan-garlic-parm-chicken-with-green-beans-and-tomatoes/
Title:
One Pan Garlic-Parm Chicken with Green Beans and Tomatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/4 lbs boneless skinless chicken breasts, sliced into 1 1/4-inch thick strips
1/2 cup plain bread crumbs
1/4 cup + 2 Tbsp slightly packed, finely grated parmesan cheese
3/4 tsp dried basil
1/4 tsp each dried oregano, thyme and crushed rosemary
Salt and freshly ground black pepper
5 Tbsp olive oil, divided
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 lb fresh green beans, tops trimmed
1 cup grape tomatoes, sliced into halves

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Line a large rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper.
2. In a shallow dish whisk together bread crumbs, parmesan, basil, oregano, thyme, and rosemary and season with salt and pepper to taste. Add 4 Tbsp olive oil to a separate shallow dish and stir in garlic.
3. Working with one chicken tender at a time, dredge both sides in olive oil then immediately transfer to bread crumb mixture and coat both sides, while pressing to adhere. Transfer to one side of the baking sheet. Repeat process with remaining chicken tenders and placing them in a row along one side of baking sheet. Spread remaining bread crumbs over tops of chicken and gently press.
4. On opposite side of baking dish, toss green beans with 1 Tbsp olive oil. Spread beans to edges of baking dish, sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste. Roast in preheated oven 23 - 25 minutes, tossing green beans once halfway through cooking, until chicken is golden brown and green beans are crisp-tender (if you want the tomatoes roasted too add them during the last 10 minutes of cooking).
5. Remove from oven, sprinkle tomatoes over green beans. Serve warm, garnish chicken with fresh parsley if desired.

Submitter: 
Ashleym114
Description: 
One Pan Chicken Fingers
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
