URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64472172/dinomites-fluffy-bites/
Title:
Dinomite's Fluffy Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Prep Time: 1 hour
Cook Time 30 minutes
Yields 10-12 donuts
Ingredients:
one stick unsalted butter
about 5 lbs kale, washed and trimmed
2 cups all purpose flour
½ teaspoon salt
2 ½ teaspoons baking powder
¾ cup whole milk
About 3 cups peanut oil (or vegetable, or canola, take your pick)

Directions:
Make Your Butter
Begin by mixing your kale butter. Using a food processor, chop the kale finely. Add in the butter, one tablespoon at a time, and the kale, one cupful at a time, whipping the butter and the kale together smoothly. When you have reached your desired color and consistency, cover and set aside in the refrigerator to chill (about 30 minutes)
Thoroughly destroy the rest of the kale in the food processor. When finished, throw into the air high over your head, vehemently cursing the name of the Overlord, in whose honor we perform these ridiculous tasks.
Heat the frying oil of your choice in a pan until it reaches 350 degrees.
Add the flour, baking soda, and salt in the food processor, mixing in the kale butter a little at a time until crumbly (like moonsand, kinda, you remember that stuff?)
Stir in the milk until all is combined and smooshy.
Roll the dough mixture out into some extra flower and cut or pinch off dough balls approximately two inches in size.
Drop into the fryer a few at a time, being careful not to crowd the fryer (don’t make them touch).
When the fluffy delicious bites are cooked through, remove from fryer and dry on a paper towel. While still warm, roll the dough balls in the sugar until coated. Set aside until cool.
Lay your head on the table and cry tears of joy, you did it.
There you have it: delicious kale influenced Dinomite’s Fluffy Bites
note: prep time may vary, I drink when I cook.

Submitter: 
Wade Troopers
Description: 
A light, fluffy, kale-inspired dessert pastry
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
