URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64478293/granita-al-caffe/
Title:
Granita al Caffe' Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2513185.jpg
Ingredients:
250 ml spring water
75g raw sugar, not superfine
250 ml strong espresso coffee, cooled to room temperature

Directions:
Make a simple syrup by heating the water in a saucepan adding the sugar when small bubbles begin to form on the bottom of the saucepan. Stir comstantly until the sugar has completely dissolved. Turn down the heat to keep the syrup at a slow boil and continue stirring until the syrup thickens slightly.  3-5 minutes. Remove from the heat source.
Add the coffee to the syrup and stir until thoroughly combined. Allow to cool and then refrigerate for an hour until the granita is cold.
Pour the granita into a sorbet maker or ice cream maker. Churn for approx. 20 minutes but each machine is different. Do not allow to harden. The result should be a consistency that can be  scooped with a spoon or spatula, but not too soft like a slushee nor drinkable through a straw. The color will become a paler coffee color than when it started. It will be a light caramel color when ready. It is intended to be eaten with a spoon or scooped up with a plain yeast roll.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Some of my fondest memories of Sicily are of when I would wake up in the morning and see Mt. Etna out one window and the royal blue Meditteranean Sea out the other. I would walk to the Piazza to enjoy a creamy coffee granita topped with fresh whipped cream served with an oven fresh yeast roll on the side. In the hot afternoons we would have more coffee granita to cool off and give us a lift. The traditional recipe is  simply three ingredients churned in a sorbet maker until smooth. It is the quality of the ingredients that make Sicilian granita a recipe you can't refuse.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
