URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64479368/baked-fusilli-with-pesto-white-sauce/
Title:
Baked Fusilli with Pesto White Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2516251.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 Box of Pasta (Corkscrew Pasta, i.e. Fusilli)
3 Tbsp Butter
3 Tbsp Flour
1 Cup Heavy Cream
1 Cup Packed Basil Leaves
1/4 Cup Pine Nuts
Two Cloves Garlic
1/2 Cup Parmesan Cheese, Grated
1/2 Cup Olive Oil
8.5 Oz. Sun-Dried Tomatoes
One Small Jar Artichoke Hearts
One Pot of Water
Grated Parmesan Cheese for Garnish
Olive Oil to lubricated baking dish

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees Fahrenheit. Use a brush to lightly oil a baking dish. Fill a large pot with water and get it boiling!
Peel garlic with knife, cut into chunks if desired and put into food processor. Add basil leaves, pine nuts, and Parmesan cheese, then pulse the food processor until a paste forms.
Turn the food processor on continuously, then add olive oil in a stream while the food processor is on.
Melt butter in a saucepan and then add flour once it is fully melted. Cook for 1-2 minutes, then add heavy cream in a stream, whisking the whole time.
Cook the roux for a couple of minutes to thicken, then add the pesto mix from the food processor. Take off heat and continue whisking until pesto is incorporated.
When the water boils, pour the pasta into the pot and cook until al dente (check package for cooking time), then strain it. Once it is strained, put it back into the pot and top with the pesto/white sauce mixture, stirring with a pasta spoon.
Once the sauce and pasta are well-mixed, add the mixture to the baking dish, and top with sun-dried tomatoes and chopped artichoke hearts. Add additional Parmesan cheese as desired, and then bake for twenty minutes.

Submitter: 
Chef AidF
Description: 
This recipe is good for dinner parties or large gatherings, but it can be made for one or two people as well. It is described as a baked pasta dish with a savory pesto white sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
