URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64478013/balsamic-chicken-pasta/
Title:
Balsamic Chicken Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2513289.jpg
Ingredients:
4 (4 ounce) chicken breasts
salt and black pepper (To Taste)
1 lb angel hair pasta
14oz can diced tomatoes
4 tablespoons olive oil, divided
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon black pepper
10 fresh basil leaves
2 garlic cloves, sliced into thin coins
1/2 cup tomato sauce
1 cup balsamic vinegar
1 tablespoon granulated sugar

Directions:
Tomato Salad (Step 1): Place diced tomatoes in small bowl. Wash, dry and cut basil leaves into thin strips. Combine tomatoes, left over juice, basil, 2 tablespoons olive oil, salt, pepper, and hold for 2 hours before use.
Balsamic Glaze: Bring to a boil vinegar and sugar in small pan and turn down flame to a simmer Reduce by 75% until sauce turns to a thick syrup, hold at room temperature.
Pasta: Boil pasta as per directions on box until al dente.Drain and transfer to bowl.
Tomato Salad (Step 2): Heat heavy bottom saucepan under medium-low flame. Add 2 tablespoons olive oil, heat oil for 20 seconds. Saute cloves of garlic, that are sliced into thin coins, in oil (if small use 3) for 45 seconds on each side until soft and tender - do not brown garlic (if brown DISCARD and start over). Increase heat and add tomato salad and stir.
Tomato Salad (Step 3): Add plain tomato sauce to pan and bring to a boil. Add pasta to sauce pan and toss with fresh sauce (sauce should just coat pasta). Transfer to a service platter or plate individually. Garnish with balsamic glaze.
Chicken Breasts: Season both sides of chicken breasts with salt and black pepper. Grill 3-4 minutes per side for grill marks or until the chicken breasts reach 165 degrees F. Grill right before serving.
To serve: Slice chicken breast into strips on a bias (45 degree angle) and place on top of pasta.Enjoy!

Submitter: 
boltfan
Description: 
Copycat of Friday's chicken pasta
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
2h 30min
Ready in:
3h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
