URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64478197/mommas-best-chicken-and-dumplings/
Title:
Momma's Best Chicken and Dumplings Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2510426.jpg
Ingredients:
2 - 3 lbs Chicken - legs and thighs, breast meat or a combination
2 TBLs butter
1 small onion, chopped
2 ribs celery, quartered
1 large carrot, quartered
2 bay leafs
1/2 Tsp dried Thyme
1 tsp smashed garlic (mash into a paste)
1/2 tsp fresh ground black pepper
1/2 tst salt
1/8 tsp poultry seasoning
2 + 1/8 cup SIFTED White Lily self rising flour  http://www.whitelily.com/Defa4ult.aspx
1/4 cup cold shortening
1/4 cup chicken broth (slightly chilled)

Directions:
NOTE:  If using only breast meat make sure you double the butter to 4 TBLs.   The fat in the skin and dark meat provide the most flavor for your stock.
In a dutch oven or stock pot, melt 2 TBLs butter over med high heat.  Saute vegetables with seasonings and garlic for about 5 minutes.  Push veggies to the side, add chicken, browning for another 5 minutes.   Add water to cover chicken by 3 inches.  Bring to a boil, stir scraping bottom of pot well,  lower heat to simmer and cook for 1 hour.  Chicken should be very tender when done.  Use a large slotted spoon to remove chicken and carrots, set aside to debone.
Remove and cool slightly 1/4 cup of your stock.  Mix well with 1/8 cup of your flour and stir into the simmering broth.  This will not thicken the broth but is meant to add body.
While chicken is cooling, dust a large cutting board or counter top with flour.  In a mixing bowl add 2 cups sifted White Lilly flour and COLD shortning or butter.  Tip: make SURE your flour and fat are cold to start.  Cut in fat with two knifes, your hands or a pastry cutter but don't over do it, you want to see small pea size bits incorporated.  Add the 1/4 cup cooled stock and lightly combine, add more stock or flour as needed to make a soft dough.
Put out dough on your floured working surface, kneed 5 or 6 times and pat to about 1 inch.  Sprinkle lightly with additional flour and roll to about 1/8 inch.  Cut rolled dough using a knife or pizza cutter into strips and across to make desired size dumplings.
Work quickly to drop dumplings into simmering (not boiling) stock. As you're dropping,  use a spoon to quickly move dumplings to the middle and drop along the sides of the pot so they plunge beneath the surface of the broth (opposed to dropping on top of each other) they seem to cook more evenly.   Cover pot, slightly offset lid and don't touch it for 12 minutes!   Gently, stir  and separate any dumplings that have tried to stick to each other.  Turn off heat and cover.
Debone chicken and shred or chop meat into bite size pieces.  Chop carrot roughly and return all to pot.  Advise let dumplings cool for half hour before serving <3   ENJOY!!!

Submitter: 
MA McBridges
Description: 
There's a lot of love in those dumplings!  This is comfort food at it's best ;-) and so worth the time and effort!  I love the ohhs and awes, the OMGs, smiles and sighs of total satisfaction that come with this bowl of heaven <3
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
