URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64470307/dinomites-fluffy-bites/
Title:
Dinomite's Fluffy Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2464841.jpg
Ingredients:
1 Kale Leaf
Marshmallows - any flavor (but dinomite recommends the green ones)
Melting chocolate (any type you like - just make sure it's the kind you melt, most likely in the baking/candy aisles, not the stuff wrapped up pretty on the shelf)
1 Abnosomeness
Dinosaur mold (Jello has a mold with dinosaurs... there's also candy molds, or even a dino shaped cookie cutter would work)

Directions:
You might find you need to grease your mold but a little goes a long way - a bit of butter spread with your fingertip should be all you need if your marshmallows don't want to come out.
Gather your marshmallows!  Carefully squish them into your mold. Be firm, yet gentle, and pack those puppies down! Enlist assistance of your friendly neighborhood hybrid if you're having trouble achieving a proper marshmallow pack.  Some people brush the mallows with a teeeny bit of water to help them stick, but it might not be necessary for you.
While your 'mallows are coming together in support of their mutual truama in the mold, melt a small amount of your chocolate by whatever method you prefer, following instructions on the packaging. (A microwave safe bowl is probably fastest.)
Once your chocolate is melted, you can either de-mold your dino and dip it into the chocolate, or if using a small amount you can pour it over the dino instead. You want a nice coat on top.  If you want, you can carefully roll the entire dino and get a full coat, too!
Once your chocolate has cooled for a few minutes and begun to harden, you can delicately wrap your dino in a lovely kale cape to emulate the inspiration for this dessert, the fantabulously mighty Dinomite!
Makes 1 serving. Repeat for however many GisHeRs you are attempting to feed. (Start small, their stomachs may not remember what actual food is, especially if it's the last day of the Hunt.)
What about the Abnosomeness, you ask? Simple: that's you! The recipe definitely needs you. Even if you are low on sleep and think that the word "Abnosomeness" looks really strange after you read it so many times in a row. Abnosomeness, abnosomeness, abnosomeness, kale, abnosomeness, abnosomeness, abnosomenes...

Submitter: 
Kim Remien
Description: 
I love this recipe for a quick, fluffy snack. It travels well so it can be served to rabid GiSHers who forgot to pack food on their arduous journeys to complete insane tasks - Thanks Misha - and the recipe was created out of the depths of my mind, which is kind of a scary place but it's ok, I have kale.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
4.90909099578857
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
10
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
