URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64479363/baked-chicken-crepes/
Title:
Baked Chicken Crêpes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2516206.jpg
Ingredients:
Two Large Eggs
One Cup All-Purpose Flour
½ Cup Milk
2 Tbsp Melted Butter
Two Boneless Chicken Breasts, cut into 1-inch chunks
Two Large Leeks, Chopped
1 Tbsp Fresh Marjoram
1 Tbsp Tarragon
A Small Bunch of Arugula
3 Tbsp Butter
3 Tbsp Flour
1 Cup Heavy Cream
¾ Cup Swiss Cheese, grated
1 Tbsp Olive Oil

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 Degrees Fahrenheit. Have a baking dish ready.
Crack two eggs into a food processor, add flour, along with melted butter and milk, and turn the food processor on. Leave it on until the batter is thick and even.
Cut chicken breasts into 1" chunks and sauté them in olive oil until they start to brown.
Rinse the leeks, chop them, and use a shallow bowl of water to rinse them further. Once the chicken pieces start to brown, add the chopped leeks to the sauté and top with marjoram and tarragon. Continue sautéing for five minutes.
Add arugula and continue sautéing until the arugula wilts, then set the sauté aside in a small bowl.
Melt 3 tbsp butter in a saucepan, moving it around with a wooden spoon. Once the butter is all melted, add flour and cook for 1-2 minutes, then add heavy cream in a stream and stir until you have a white sauce mixture. Grate the Swiss cheese over the saucepan and stir the sauce so the cheese melts in. Once the cheese is all melted, set the sauce aside.
Pour the batter from the food processor into a cup with a spout. Get a small frying pan on the stove and coat it with melted butter (use a brush). Pour a small amount of batter into the pan in a stream. Swirl the pan to cover it in batter, and wait until the top surface starts to get dry, then flip it over to cook the other side for a couple of minutes. Tilt the pan and dump the crêpe onto a plate. Repeat until you have 6-7 crêpes.
Put the sauté mixture into each finished crêpe, top it with white sauce, then roll the crêpes up and place them in a baking dish, seam side down. Sprinkle grated Swiss cheese on top, bake for 10 minutes, and serve.

Submitter: 
Chef AidF
Description: 
This recipe is described as a savory twist on a French classic on my website. It was my first attempt at making crepes and I think I did a pretty good job!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
7
Nutritional Facts:
NA
