URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64479357/spaghetti-alle-vongole/
Title:
Spaghetti alle Vongole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 kilos raw clams in the shell
240 grams spaghetti
1 cup dry white wine
4 tbsp olive oil, or to taste
2 garlic cloves, or to taste
1 litre water, or as needed
1 tsp salt
1 fresh hot cayenne pepper, or to taste
2 Tbsp fresh chopped parsley, or to taste
1 large wok or skillet, large enough to hold all the ingredients at once and still have room to stir it all. A tall stew pot doesn't work for this recipe.
Bottarga, optional

Directions:
Scrub the clams under running water to rid them of any dirt outside. Allow the clams to rest in fresh water for about half an hour or as long as desired. Then rinse them vigorously under running water.
Put the water and salt in a pot and bring to a simmer. Allow to remain at a simmer but not boil.
Either smash the pieces of garlic or slice it into pieces. In a large wok, heat the olive oil and garlic. When the garlic begins to lightly brown (about 1 minute), add the clams and the wine. Do not cook the garlic. This will render it bitter and possibly toxic.
Cover immediately and allow to cook on medium/high heat for about 15 minutes until the clams have all opened. Once the clams have cooked, discard any unopened clams.
Add the spaghetti to the wok with the clams still inside the wok. Stir constantly adding a ladle of the hot water little-by-little only as needed. The spaghetti should cook in about 9 minutes, depending on the type you use. The outcome should be a bit of liquid or sauce but not soupy.  Therefore, add water ladle-by-ladle to keep the spaghetti in enough liquid to cook, but not drown. Some clams with fall out of their shell. Nonetheless, stir continuously but gently to keep as many clams in their shells as possible and to not break the pasta. If you want more room in the wok, take out about half the clams to leave you some working room but once the spaghetti begin to soften, put them back in.
Once the spaghetti are al dente, divide evenly and serve onto your plates. Top with minced, fresh hot peppers, parsley and then add a sprinkle of bottarga on top.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Spaghetti alle vongole (Spaghetti with clams): the true Italian recipe. The spaghetti cooks in the same pan with the clams to add that extra flavor to the dish.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
