URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64471654/dinomites-fluffy-bites-of-kale/
Title:
Dinomite's Fluffy Bites of Kale Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Package of extra thick bacon
1 cup brown sugar
1 cup butter
Dipping chocolate
Fresh Kale leaves
Power of a Dinomite
Bottle of wine

Directions:
Preheat a skillet
Cut the bacon into tiny chunks/strips.
Cook the bacon in the frying pan until crispy.
Pour a glass of wine. Drink some.
Ask Dinomite to check the bacon. Don't overcook it!
Drink more wine.
Drain the grease from the frying pan, and add the bacon back in.
Add the butter and brown sugar.
Stir it until it starts to thicken and become a huge mess over the bacon.
Drink more wine. In fact, pour both you and dinomite another glass.
Lower heat, and allow the butter and brown sugar to caramelize over the bacon.
Wine.
Kale. Wash it dry it.
Wine.
Bring melting chocolate to a nice consistency
While it is heating, and you are drinking more wine - line a cookie sheet with parchment paper, or wax paper. Or tinfoil. Or don't line it at all.
Take your fresh, dry kale - and while drinking more wine, dip the kale in the chocolate.
Take each piece out and lay it on the cookie sheet.
You should now have an empty wine glass, and a cookie sheet full of chocolate kale.
Pour more wine.
Put kale into the fridge or freezer until the chocolate has solidified. Drink wine.
Take the cookie sheet out of the fridge, and spoon little tiny amounts of caramelized bacon in the middle of each leaf.
Finish the wine.
Allow your bacon and kale contraption sit in the freezer for a minimum of 1 hour.
You should be able to pop the kale off of the cookie sheet, and store in a container with a lid.
Serve frozen. With wine.

Submitter: 
Team Fighting Gurgle
Description: 
Bacon and chocolate Kale. With Wine. So yummy.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
bottle of wine + 2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
