URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64470300/dinomites-fluffy-bites/
Title:
Dinomite's Fluffy Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2464780.jpg
Ingredients:
1 can of refrigerated Grands biscuits (not the flaky layers, the Old'Fashoned Granny-Grand Biscuits!)
1/2 stick of butter
3 cloves of garlic, minced
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese (Or more if you love cheese. You can never have too much cheese)
1 tsp Italian Seasoning (Also optional)
1 bag of shredded mozzarella (optional but totally worth it, trust me.)

Directions:
You need a bundt pan. Find one, these come out super fluffy in a bundt pan.
That half-stick of butter should be cold. Dice it up, put in the bottom of the bundt pan, and put it in the oven while preheating. (It's gonna melt the butter nicely!) Set Oven to 350
While the butter is a meltin' pop open that can of biscuits! (I know it's terrifying. You can do this.) Once you have your biscuits, cut them into fours! Leave 'em all chunky and doughy.
You know that garlic you minced earlier? (if you didn't mince them, HURRY THE BUTTER IS MELTING) Okay, take the garlic, the Italian seasoning and all that Parmesan Cheese and toss it into a bowl with your chunky biscuit bites! Toss those fluffy bites all around the bowl until they're nice and coated in the seasoning, garlic and cheese (Feel free to add more cheese!)
Did you forget about the bundt pan in the oven? It's okay, so did I. Get the pan now (remember to use pot holders!)
Remember that mozzarella I told you about earlier? Yea, take as much as you'd like, and sprinkle the mozzarella all over the melted butter.
Place your fluffy bites into the pan! Lay them all on top of each other, they like being close while they bake.
Got some seasoning, garlic and cheese left over? Nonsense, throw all that into the pan too! Right on top of the bites!
Bake those bites 20-22 minutes! Or until golden brown!
Enjoy your Dinomite Fluffy Bites!

Submitter: 
Becca Rez
Description: 
These Dinomite Fluffy Bites go great with Pasta night!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
