URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64474768/sweet-berry-cream-scones/
Title:
Sweet berry cream scones Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2517896.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups flour
1/3 cup granulated sugar
1 T baking powder
1 tsp salt
6 T butter
3/4 cup heavy cream
2 large egg yolks, slightly beaten
1 cup fresh or frozen berries
melted butter, to brush
raw cane sugar, to sprinkle

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400.  Position an oven rack in the lower third of the oven and line a baking pan with parchment paper.
Put flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl and mix together.
Cut in the butter with a knife until the largest pieces of butter are about the size of peas. Set aside.
In a small bowl, stir the cream and egg yolks just to blend and then add to flour mixture. Stir with a fork to begin combining the wet and dry ingredients and then use your hands to gently knead the mixture together. All the dry ingredients should be absorbed into the dough so that you can create a moist ball. Don’t over-knead - the ball will be sticky but the scones will not be as light and flaky if over-handled.
Place the ball in the center of the baking tray, patting and forming it gently into a round about 1 inch thick and 7 inches in diameter. With a sharp knife cut the round into eight wedges and separate.
Take each wedge and cut in half horizontally, leaving one of the corners connected so scone doesn't completely come apart. Place berries in between layers, putting top layer back and gently pushing back together without squishing down the scone.
Brush the scones with some melted butter and sprinkle with raw cane sugar or some other large-crystal sugar that doesn't melt.
Bake until the scones are deep golden and a skewer inserted into the centre of a wedge comes out clean, 18 to 22 minutes. Slide the parchment onto a rack and let the scones cool for 10 to 15 minutes before serving. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Luba
Description: 
This is my favorite scone recipe. I'd like to think they stay plump, moist and fresh for days, but I wouldn't know. My family eats them all the same day I make them!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
38 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
