URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64472146/dinomites-fluffy-bites/
Title:
Dinomite's Fluffy Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2477941.jpg
Ingredients:
Vanilla sponge cake:
120g unsalted butter, softened
150g unrefined caster sugar
1 tsp vanilla extract
2 free range eggs, at room temperature
180g self-raising flour
4 tbsp milk, at room temperature
Crunchy chocolate bars, such as Cadbury's Crunchies
Ready made vanilla icing
*Alternatively, buy a ready made sponge cake
For the topping:
Melted chocolate
Popping candy
To serve:
Ice cream cones
Your favourite ice cream

Directions:
To make the sponge:
- Preheat oven to 180°C/Gas Mark 4.
- Lightly grease a 25cm round cake tin
- Cream the butter and sugar until it turns pale. Add the vanilla.
- Beat the eggs and add gradually mixing well.
- Sieve in half the flour and then half the milk and mix until fully combined. Repeat until all gone.
- Pour the mixture into the prepared tin and bake for 35-45 mins, until golden brown and spongy to the touch, or until a cocktail stick comes out clean when inserted.
- Leave the cake to cool on a wire rack.
*If using a pre-made cake, start here!*
- Crumble the cake into a large bowl
- Add the crushed Crunchy chocolate bars and mix
- Add a tablespoon of the ready-made icing at a time, until the combined mixture has a fudge consistency. You will need to use your own judgement for this! Then add some of the popping candy.
- Roll into balls and set aside on a baking tray. Cool in the fridge.
- Melt the chocolate in a microwavable bowl in (you guessed it!) the microwave.
- Take the cake pops out of the fridge and cover in the chocolate. Top with the popping candy. Replace on the tray and cool in the fridge until set.
- Once set, prepare the ice cream cones by filling them up with your favourite ice cream flavour. Then place the cake pop on top. Serve and enjoy!

Submitter: 
Lauren Crilly
Description: 
Fun for all the family! A great way to have fun with baking and to introduce children to making cakes! Inspired by Gishwhes - the Greatest International Scavenger Hunt the World Has Ever Seen.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
1hr if baking the cake
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
