URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64479863/mini-mushroom-galette/
Title:
Mini Mushroom Galette Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2519292.jpg
Ingredients:
Four Shiitake Mushrooms
Three Button Mushrooms
Two Small Leeks / One Large Leek
2 Tbsp Olive Oil
1 Tbsp Butter
1-2 tsp Fresh Marjoram
1¼ Cup Flour
¼ tsp Salt
½ Cup Unsalted Butter
¼ Cup Plain Yogurt
2 tsp Lime Juice
¼ Cup Ice Water
Flour as needed to roll dough
Egg yolk, beaten with a little water for glaze
Salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees Fahrenheit.
Wash off the mushrooms, chop the stems off, and discard them. Rinse the leek(s). Then, dice the mushroom caps and chop up the leek(s) (the white part).
Sauté the leeks in olive oil and 1 Tbsp butter for five minutes, then add chopped marjoram and sauté for an additional minute. Add diced mushrooms and sauté for another five minutes, adding salt and pepper to taste.
To make the dough, first mix flour and salt together, and then, add the butter and cut into small pieces using a pastry blender until the mixture looks like small pebbles.
In another little bowl, mix up yogurt, lime juice, and water. Add to flour mixture and stir until it holds together.
Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 45 minutes.
Roll out the dough with a rolling pin, cut into circles, and place these circles on a parchment-lined baking sheet.
Add 1 Tbsp of filling to the center of each dough circle, and fold up around galette-style.
Mix egg yolk with water in a third small bowl, and brush on dough.
Bake for 15-25 minutes (until light golden-brown). When ready, remove from oven and serve.

Submitter: 
Chef AidF
Description: 
This was my first attempt at a mushroom recipe. On my website, I describe this recipe as small, savory treats that can be served to accompany a variety of dishes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
50 m
Ready in:
75 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
