URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64477115/make-ahead-indian-inspired-breakfast/
Title:
Make-Ahead Indian Inspired Breakfast* Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2543713.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 1/2 cups thinly sliced onion
1 cup thinly sliced red bell pepper
1 cup thinly sliced yellow bell pepper
3 garlic cloves, minced
1 1/2 cups unsalted crushed tomatoes
1/3 cup chopped fresh cilantro
2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
3/4 teaspoon kosher salt
2 teaspoons sherry vinegar
1 teaspoon paprika
Cooking spray
6 large eggs

Directions:
Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add oil; swirl to coat. Add onion, bell peppers, and garlic. Cook 10 minutes or until vegetables are very soft, stirring occasionally. Add tomatoes and next 6 ingredients (through paprika); cook 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Divide mixture evenly among 6 (8-ounce) ramekins coated with cooking spray.
Working with 1 ramekin at a time, make a slight well in sauce. Crack 1 egg into well; pierce yolk with tip of a knife. Cover loosely with a paper towel. Microwave at HIGH 2 1/2 minutes or until desired degree of doneness.
To freeze: Place ramekins in refrigerator until cool. Remove; cover tightly with plastic wrap and heavy-duty aluminum foil. Transfer ramekins to freezer; freeze for up to 8 months.
To heat: Remove ramekins from wrapping. Microwave 1 ramekin, covered loosely with a damp paper towel, at HIGH for 2 minutes. ­Remove from microwave, and stir. Make a slight well in sauce. Add 1 large egg; pierce yolk with the tip of a sharp knife. Cover loosely with paper towel. Microwave an additional 2 1/2 minutes or to desired degree of doneness.

Submitter: 
Derby Derm
Description: 
An Indian inspired breakfast with egg, peppers, and onions.  1 Serving = 1 Carb and 1 Protein.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
8 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
