URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64470642/dinomites-lighter-than-air-fluffy-bites/
Title:
Dinomite's Lighter Than Air Fluffy Bites Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2471063.jpg
Ingredients:
Meringue and Peanut Butter Cookie Center:
2 egg whites - medium eggs (larger eggs will require more cream of tartar)
1/8 tsp salt
1 tsp cream of tartar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
3/4 cup granulated sugar
1/2 cup peanut butter
Chocolate Coating:
1 1/2 cups miniature semisweet chocolate chips
2 tbsp Crisco shortening
Dinomite's Fur:
1/4 cup grated coconut

Directions:
Meringue and Peanut Butter Cookie:
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C).
Cover a baking sheet with parchment paper (optional, prevents burning)
Beat together egg whites, and cream of tartar until firm.
Add in vanilla and salt, mixing well.
Slowly add in sugar, 1 tbsp at a time, mixing continually.
Place mix into a piping bag with your choice of decorating tip attached.
Carefully squeeze out the mix into Hershey Kiss style drops
Bake at 300 degrees for 20 minutes or until lightly browned - Ovens vary, watch carefully to prevent burning!
Place cookies on a drying rack to cool completely.
Once fully cooled, spread a small amount of peanut butter of your choosing on the bottom of the cookie.
Chocolate Coating: Do not start this step until cookies are fully cooled.
Place chocolate chips and shortening into a measuring bowl of at least a 2-cup capacity.
Place the blow into a large bowl which contains very warm water – approximately 100 degrees F.
Stir the mixture constantly until all the chocolate is melted and mixed well with the shortening to a smooth consistency.
Dipping Directions:
Place a cookie with peanut butter onto a two-pronged fork, then dip the cookie in the melted chocolate.
Allow excess chocolate to fall back into the bowl before placing the cookie onto a baking sheet lined with wax or parchment paper.
While the chocolate is still warm, sprinkle the cookie with coconut to obtain the fluffy outside.
Repeat with remaining cookies.
Allow the Cookies to cool until chocolate hardens before eating.

Submitter: 
Samantha Swenson
Description: 
This recipe is in honor of the great Dinomite, the Abnosome GishWhes mascot for 2015!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
