URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64473657/corned-beef-with-mustard-brown-sugar-crust/
Title:
Corned Beef with Mustard Brown Sugar Crust Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 lbs corned beef (in package)
10 whole cloves
1/4 cup hot sweet honey mustard
2 Tbsp brown sugar

Directions:
Take the corned beef from the package and discard the spice packet. Note that one side of the roast should have a layer of fat, the other side should have distinct lines indicating the grain of the beef.
Corned beef can be very salty, especially when baked. To remove some of the salt before cooking, place it in a pot fat side up. Cover with water, bring to a boil, discard the water, add fresh water and bring to a boil again. Again discard the water.
Preheat oven to 350°F. Lay the corned beef, fat side up, on a large piece of heavy duty, wide, aluminum foil (you may have to get creative with the way you wrap the beef if your foil isn't wide enough). Insert the cloves into the top of the slab of corned beef, evenly spaced. Spread the top with the hot sweet honey mustard. Sprinkle brown sugar over the top.
Wrap the corned beef with foil in a way that allows for a little space on top between the corned beef and the foil, and creates a container to catch the juices. Place foil-wrapped corned beef in a shallow roasting pan and bake for 2 hours.
Open the foil wrapping, spread a little more honey mustard over the top of the corned beef, and broil it for 2-3 minutes, until the top is bubbly and lightly browned. Let rest for 5 to 10 minutes, then place on cutting board. Pull out and discard the cloves.
Lift the corned beef up to see which direction the grain of the meat is.  Then cut the meat at a diagonal, across the grain of the meat, into 1/2-inch thick slices.

Submitter: 
jdwiesner
Description: 
Serve with Horseradish Cream Sauce
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
