URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64479756/healthy-hearty-lasagna/
Title:
Healthy Hearty Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2518340.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound extra lean ground beef or lean ground turkey, optional meat, or no meat
1 large onion chopped
8 ounces chopped mushroom
8 cloves minced garlic
1/2 cup chopped celery
1 cup chopped sweet red,yellow,or orange pepper
1 cup chopped or shredded zucchini
1 medium/large shredded carrot
1 cup small ripe tomatoes like cherry or other
1 cup fine chopped fresh spinach (optional)
1 28-32 ounce jar organic marinara sauce
1/2 cup dry red wine, burgundy, sherry, or Marsala wine
2 teaspoons brown sugar
1 bay leaf
1 teaspoon each: dry parsley, oregano, basil, thyme, sage, rosemary and salt (adjust to taste)
pepper as desired to taste
2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce
1 pound shredded part skim mozzarella cheese
1 16 ounce container low fat ricotta cheese
1/2 cup buttermilk
1 egg
9 lasagna noodles cooked as directed (a little less cook time works best)

Directions:
If using meat, brown choice of meat in large skillet with onions and garlic, salt, pepper and Worcestershire sauce. Drain fat if any. Add all the fine chopped, minced and shredded veggies, a jar of marinara, the herbs, the wine then cover and simmer until thickened, about 2 hours or more. Boil lasagna noodles as directed in large stock pot. Drain and set aside to cool. In a small bowl, mix the Ricotta cheese with an egg and the buttermilk to spreading consistency that will go on each noodle. Using a large cake pan sized baking dish about 9x13. On the bottom, spread some of the veggie/marina sauce which simmered down for about 2 hours, followed with layers of noodles, ricotta cheese mixture, mozzarella cheese and more sauce repeat 3 times. Sprinkle top with some grated Parmesan, Asiago, and or Romano cheese. Bake in 350 degree oven for about 1 hour uncovered.
Note the nine lasagna noodles, 3 to each row is a perfect fit. And then figure, a third of all other layers to balance this dish.

Submitter: 
gem bee
Description: 
This wins over veggie hating picky eaters! Too delicious to resist.  Trick is, finely chop, mince or even blenderize all veggies. Be generous in the use of them.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
45
Ready in:
2-3 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
