URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64475160/crab-claws-marinara-served-over-linguine/
Title:
Crab Claws Marinara served over Linguine Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1- 28 oz Can Tomato Purée
28 oz water (fill the tomato Purée can with water)
1- 6 oz Can Tomato Paste
1 small Onion, whole
1/4 cup Fresh Basil, torn
1/4 cup Fresh Parsley, chopped
3 gloves garlic, smashed, chopped
1 tablespoon Oregano
2 teaspoons Salt
1 teaspoon Pepper
1 Pound Crab Claws (and Bodies if available)*
6 oz Linguine
Parmesan for serving

Directions:
For Marinara: Add can of tomato Purée, water, tomato paste, onion, basil, parsley, garlic, salt and pepper to medium pot. Let sauce come to a boil then reduce heat and allow to simmer for  1-1.5 hours partially covered, stirring occasionally.  Sauce will thicken and onion will start to fall apart.
Add crab claws to the marinara.. Simmer for 25-30 until the claws are red and cooked through.
Bring large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook linguine according to package directions for Al Dente about 9 minutes.
Top linguine with crab claws and marinara.
Serve with grated Parmesan cheese and garlic bread.
Note: *I cook the crabs with the shells on (which is messy and not "proper " but was how Nana made this dish.
Feel free the remove the crab meat from the shells first then add meat to marinara.
Can substitute a can of lump crab meat instead of using fresh (cooking time will vary using can crab meat).

Submitter: 
tcasa
Description: 
Spending summers with my grandparents down the shore we would always go crabbing by the docks for fresh crabs. We had a blast but the best part was always dinner! My Nana would make this once a week and the smell would drive us nuts!  A few of us would sneak into the kitchen with slices of bread and dip it into the gravy (marinara) only to get swatted away with a wooden spoon. Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
2-3  h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
