URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64474300/bo-kho-spicy-vietnamese-beef-stew/
Title:
Bo Kho (Spicy Vietnamese Beef Stew) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 1/2 lb beef brisket (or any inexpensive beef), cut into 1 1/2" chunks
1 large stalk lemongrass, trimmed, cut into 3-inch pieces, and bruised with something heavy (like a meat tenderizer or rolling pin)
3T Fish sauce (I use Pitas)
1 1/2t Curry powder (any kind will do)
2 1/2T grated ginger (I keep mine in the freezer for SUPER easy grating)
2T apple sauce (no sugar added)
1 bay leaf
3T Ghee (or clarified butter, or real butter if your ok with dairy)
1 onion, finely chopped (any kind will do)
2c canned diced tomatoes, drained and crushed with your hand (yes, get in there and get messy!)
2 whole star anise (I used 1t Chinese 5-spice in place)
3c water
1lb carrots, peeled and chopped into 1-inch pieces (these will be the BEST carrots you've ever eaten)
Kosher salt
1/4c chopped fresh cilantro (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 300 degrees
Toss beef, lemon grass, fish sauce, curry powder, ginger, applesauce, Chinese 5-spice (if using), and bay leaf in a bowl, mix to coat. Marinate for 30ish minutes.
Heat ghee (butter) in heavy dutch oven over medium-high heat.
Sear beef in batches (not to over crowd the pan) until browned all over. Place seared beef on a pan to the side.
Reserve lemon grass and bay leaf from the marinade.
Lower heat to medium-low, toss in onions, cook til soft.
Add tomatoes and salt to taste, stir to combine. Simmer 12-14 minutes until a paste is formed.
Add beef, lemon grass, bay leaf and star anise (if you didn't use Chinese 5-spice earlier), stir to combine. Raise heat to medium and stir often for 5 minutes.
Add the water and carrots to the pot, raise the heat to high, and bring to a boil.
Cover dutch oven and place in the oven for 2 1/2 hours, or until meat is tender.

Submitter: 
Lori Rowley-Sipple
Description: 
Bo Kho is the best beef stew I have ever eaten! It takes a bit of prep work, but so very worth it in the end!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
