URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64471784/dinomites-fluffy-bites/
Title:
Dinomite's Fluffy Bites! Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 Cup Whole Milk
2 Large Eggs
1 Tablespoon Unsalted Butter, melted and cooled
1 Cup All-Purpose Flour
½ Teaspoon Ground Cinnamon
pinch of salt
½ Teaspoon Pure Vanilla Extract
2-3 Tablespoon Vegetable Oil
Coating
4 Tablespoons Unsalted Butter, melted
½ Cup Sugar
1+1/2 Teaspoon Ground Cinnamon

Directions:
INSTRUCTIONS
In a blender, combine milk, eggs, and 1 tablespoon melted butter (cooled). Blend until combined. (I personally am a poor college student and made these without a blender the first few times and believe me, they taste just as good. Just use your whisk and a bowl and get it nice and blended. Should be frothy by end of step 2)
Add to the blender the flour, salt, cinnamon, and vanilla. Blend until smooth and frothy.
Preheat oven to 450F. Preheat oven after mixture is blended - this allows for the flour to absorb some of the liquid - improvement in texture. (I skipped this by accident the first time I did it, and it does change the texture but these things are delicious like you probably won't notice unless you are a chef)
Once oven is preheated, Place muffin or popover tin in the oven for 2 minutes to heat up. Remove tin from oven and brush each cup with the vegetable oil. Give the batter one more whiz with the blender (or whisk). Pour batter into each cup, filling about ½ of the way full.
Place in preheated oven and bake for 15 minutes. DO NOT OPEN OVEN DOORS DURING THIS TIME. (This is super important you'll screw with how well they pop up and hollow out.)
Reduce oven temperature to 350F and continue to bake for 15 minutes until they are golden brown and dry to the touch (you can open the oven doors during this time)
While they are baking, combine ½ Cup sugar and 1 + ½ teaspoon cinnamon in a pie plate or bowl and set aside.
Remove from oven and empty popovers onto a wire rack and with a sharp paring knife, pierce the bottom of each popover so the steam inside can escape.
Cool until they can be handled but still warm. Brush each popover with melted butter and then roll in the cinnamon and sugar, coating each popover.
Enjoy immediately. They can be rewarmed in a 350F oven for about 5 to 8 minutes. (This will lose a slight bit of the crunch but they are still delicious!)

Submitter: 
Holly Andrews
Description: 
A fluffy cinnamon sugar bite of heaven, perfect for breakfast or dessert after a long week of Gishing! (Photo credit too http://unsophisticook.com/easy-popover-recipe/)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
