URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64470402/dinomites-fluffy-bites-by-helenas-angelsloveszenith/
Title:
Dinomite's Fluffy Bites by Helenas-AngelsLovesZenith Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2465378.jpg
Ingredients:
Pumpkin
Marshmallows
Chocolate
Caramel Crunch or any other nuts/small toppings you desire
Skewers/Popsicle Sticks or lollipop sticks
Decorative Icing (Opt)

Directions:
1. Get a small pumpkin and hollow it out or buy frozen pumpkin cubes from the store.  Both will work just fine if you're short on time, use the frozen.
2. If you're using fresh pumpkin, cut it up into large cubes and boil in water for 15-20 minutes or until it's soft enough to bold but not too soft that it breaks apart easily.  If you have used the frozen, follow instructions on the bag to heat up in the microwave.
3. Shape the pumpkin cubes into balls roughly the size of a ping-pong ball.
4.  Roll the pumpkin ball around in a bowl with the caramel crunch or whatever you have chosen as your topping. (Note, at this point chocolate will melt so do not put bits of chocolate on it but nuts are acceptable)
5.  Let them cool for approx 5 minutes
6.  Take a skewer/stick and push it through from the bottom and stick a marshmallow on the top.  (for extra deliciousness tickle the marshmallow with a flame to give it that campfire taste and so that it sticks to the pumpkin a little better.
7. Cut up thick slivers of chocolate and stick eight of them on the sides of the pumpkin for the legs.
8.  Decorate the marshmallow head with eyes and teeth to make it look like a T-Rex
9. Voila! You're finished! Enjoy this tasty treat! Great for kids parties or grown adults who wish they had a social life.

Submitter: 
Teffianne
Description: 
A great delicious and crafty food for people of all ages but especially great for kids parties, paleontologists, and sad adults.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
10-30min
Ready in:
10 min
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
