URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64489191/mexican-pinto-bean-burgers-with-fresh-guacamole-and-corn-de-gallo/
Title:
Mexican Pinto bean burgers with fresh guacamole and corn de gallo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the guacamole
2 ripe avocados
1/2 cup diced tomatoes (seeds removed)
1/4 cup finely chopped red onions
2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves
2 tablespoons fresh-squeezed, strained lime juice
1 teaspoon minced jalapeños (seeds and membranes removed)
1/2 teaspoon coarse salt
5 grinds black pepper
For the corn pico de gallo
3/4 cup diced tomato (with seeds)
1/4 cup corn kernels (if frozen, thawed and drained)
2 tablespoons finely chopped red onions
1 tablespoon fresh-squeezed, strained lime juice
1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves
1/8 teaspoon coarse salt
3 grinds black pepper
For the Mexican pinto bean burgers
One 15-ounce can pinto beans, rinsed and drained
1 cup panko breadcrumbs
1/4 cup shredded mild Cheddar
1/4 cup finely chopped red onions
1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves
1 tablespoon ketchup
1 tablespoon liquid from canned chipotle chiles en adobo
3/4 teaspoon coarse salt, divided
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin
5 grinds black pepper, divided
1/8 teaspoon ancho chile powder
1/8 teaspoon ground coriander
About 1/4 cup vegetable oil, divided
4 burger buns, split and toasted

Directions:
Make the guacamole: Combine all of the ingredients in a medium bowl and set aside.
Make the pico de gallo: Combine all of the ingredients in a medium bowl and set aside.
Make the pinto bean burgers
1. Combine the first 12 ingredients in the bowl of a food processor; purée until the mixture comes together, about 20 seconds. Turn out into a bowl, and gently knead with your hands. Form the mixture into four 1/2-inch-thick patties and indent the center of each a bit with your fingers.
2. Heat half of the oil in a 12-inch, heavy, nonstick sauté pan over medium-high heat. When hot, add the burgers and cook until golden brown on both sides, turning over halfway through and using the remaining oil when the pan gets dry, about 8 minutes total.
3. Place a patty on half of each bun. Top each patty with a couple of tablespoons of guacamole and about 11/2 tablespoons of pico de gallo. Serve immediately.
Serving suggestions: Loaded with flavor, these burgers would pair well with watermelon slices squeezed with fresh lime and sprinkled with chile powder; a margarita or limeade alongside wouldn’t hurt. For dessert, try Mexican chocolate brownies (brownies with vanilla and cinnamon).
Try This: Removing the seeds from tomatoes for guacamole is a must—you don’t want wet, gloppy seeds in the creamy dip! Here’s how to do it: Use a serrated knife to slice each tomato in half crosswise. Then, over the sink, gently squeeze out the seeds. Alternatively, use your fingers to scrape them out.

Submitter: 
Heather Peter Zelonis
Description: 
pinto burgers
http://www.projectfoodie.com/cookbook-recipes/recipe/mexican-pinto-bean-burgers-with-fresh-guacamole-and-corn-pico-de-gallo.html
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
