URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64489751/greek-chicken-take-out-gyros-low-fat/
Title:
Greek Chicken Take-out Gyros (Low Fat) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For gyro meat:
2 lbs ground chicken (I use organic, better flavor)
4 teaspoons Kosher salt or 2 teaspoon table salt
3 teaspoons dried oregano
2 packets (4 g each) sodium free instant beef boullion broth & seasoning (I use Herb Ox which is a powder form)
3/4 teaspoon fresh coarse ground black pepper
1 medium onion
2 cloves garlic (do not use garlic powder)
3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
For Tzatziki sauce:
1 medium to large English cucumber (long thin seedless type), peeled and cut into small chunks
1 tablespoon spoons table salt
2 cups fat free plain Greek yogurt
1/2 cup light sour cream
3 tablespoons fresh squeezed lemon juice
3 cloves garlic, minced
3 tablespoons fresh dill leaves
2-3 teaspoons Greek seasoning (to taste)
Pita bread
Additional topping if you like: greek olives, feta, tomatoes, sliced red onion

Directions:
Mix ground chicken, salt, pepper, oregano and beef boullion very well. Cover and chill in refrigerator for 5 hours. Chilling the meat this length of time is crucial to achieving the desired end meat results. The salt has time to break down the meat so that it easily packs tightly and remains so after roasting. If you don't chill the meat it will crumble when sliced after roasting. Place onion in refrigerator to chill, as well.
Meanwhile, mix cucumbers and salt thoroughly and place cucumbers in a mesh strainer that is resting over a bowl. Place plate directly on top of cucumbers so it is resting right on them. Place something heavy on top of plate to apply pressure; let set like this for 30 minutes (the salt helps draw liquid out of the cucumbers and the pressure on top will help press it out. The cucumbers should be moist but not wet or the sauce will be too loose and runny). Place cucumbers, lemon juice, dill and garlic in bowl of food processor. Process till consistency of applesauce, which should be very briefly. Strain quickly in mesh strainer. Mix yogurt and sour cream with whisk. Add cucumber mixture and whisk all together well. Taste and add salt if needed; place in refrigerator to chill.
When meat has finished chilling line a rimmed baking sheet with foil and spray lightly with cooking spray; set aside. Preheat oven to 300. Peel and cut onion into quarters. Place onion and garlic cloves in food processor bowl, process well until onion is small bits (there may even be some onion liquid that has formed along with the bits of onions). Take meat out of refrigerator and add onion mixture along with EVOO. Mix all together very well until meat is like a very thick paste. Divide meat equally onto two portions on the prepared baking sheet. Moisten hands with water and press and form each portion into a rectangle about 1-1 1/4" thick and 6" x 4". Try to press the ends into sharp corner edge shape instead of rounded, so they look like a flat box. Bake at 300 for 30 - 40 minutes until center (internal) temp is 150. Let meat loves cool 15 minutes.
At this point you may slice meat into 1/8-1/4" thick slices and broil if desired (see below note) then build your gyro sandwiches. Lightly toast pita bread, pile on the meat slices and spoon Tzatziki sauce over all. Add additional toppings that you like, such as chopped tomatoes, thin slices of red onion, greek olives and or crumbled feta. Or you may wrap meat tightly and chill for later preparation.
(Note: I like to broil the slices briefly to crisp up the edges a bit before I build my gyro sandwich. Just place slices on foil lined baking sheet and broil 6 inches from flame for 4 - 6 minutes until lightly brown and crisp on edges, turning over half way if desired. I tried both turning and not and prefer onl

Submitter: 
FunwithFood
Description: 
We love gyros, but I was in need of a low fat version. I didn't want just chicken strips marinated and grilled, rather slices of meat similar to what you get at a good gyro take-out. I found a recipe that produces slices very close to what I wanted and adapted it from lamb and beef to all chicken. My husband and son love, love, love them! In fact my husband could not believe they were low fat
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 h
Ready in:
6 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
