URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64485842/tomatoe-pie/
Title:
Tomatoe Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the Filling
2 cups diced and drained fresh tomatoes
2 cups diced and roasted tomatoes
1 cup caramelized onions
1/2 cup picked basil
salt
pepper
sugar
For the Topping
1/3 cup grated Parmigiano Reggiano
1/3 cup grated Fontina
1/2 cup mayo

Directions:
For the diced and drained tomatoes
Seed and dice about 3 cups fresh, high-quality tomatoes. Toss them with a little kosher salt and sugar. Set over a colander while you prepare the remaining ingredients if possible. If not, drain for a minimum of an hour. You should be left with about 2 cups of tomato.
For the roasted tomatoes
Seed and dice 4 cups fresh, high quality tomatoes. Toss them with olive oil (at C&F we use garlic oil), plenty of kosher salt, and several sprigs of thyme. Spread this mix out on a baking sheet and roast at 350 degrees for about 30 minutes. You want the tomatoes to be dry and slightly caramelized, but not burned around the edges.
For the Onions
Peel and slice (with the grain) 4 medium yellow onions. In a large sauté pan, heat 1/4 cup butter. Add the onions and season them with salt. Let the onions simmer and become juicy. Once the situation becomes a bit drier and much of the onion liquid has cooked out, turn down the heat, to its lowest setting and settle in for a long, slow caramelize. To get these onions where they need to be, it could take about 2 hours. You are looking for a medium brown, sweet caramelization.
To Assemble the Filling
Combine the onions, fresh tomatoes, roasted tomatoes, basil, salt, pepper, and sugar to taste. Keep in mind, tomatoes take a lot of seasoning to really make them shine in applications like this.
At C&F we make a tight aioli to fold into our cheeses, but you can substitute your favorite brand of mayo to great effect.  As for the crust...  I will add the crust recipe when I gather it from Kim, C&F’s pastry chef. For now, use your favorite crust recipe or even a frozen crust...and blind bake it!
To Bake and Serve
Spread the filling over the bottom of a blind-baked crust. Flatten the topping between wax paper or use your good ol’ hands to create a 1/3 inch thick round of delicious, cheesy topping that spreads nearly to the edges of the pie. Bake at 375 degrees until the top is nicely browned...20-25 minutes.  Serve at just over room temperature.
from http://www.achefslifeseries.com/recipes/15

Submitter: 
Gina Lee Lafreniere
Description: 
This recipe has a couple of steps but man, it is worth it. The vegetarians in your life will thank you, and your carnivore friends will never miss the meat. I know it will be nearly impossible, but try to let the pie cool to just over room temperature. I think this is when it really shines.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
40 min
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
