URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64488948/golden-beet-soup-with-goat-cheese/
Title:
Golden Beet Soup with Goat Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2571344.jpg
Ingredients:
32 oz. (One Box) of Chicken Broth
Four Golden Beets
Two Yellow Carrots, peeled and chopped
One Fennel Bulb, chopped
A small bunch of Dill, chopped
Two Shallots, minced
4 Tbsp Olive Oil
A few drops of Olive Oil for baking
Fennel Fronds for Garnish
4 oz. Goat Cheese
1 Cup Heavy Cream

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 425°F.
Scrub the golden beets under running water with the brush. Get out two pieces of aluminum foil, brush a small area with olive oil, then place two beets on each. Wrap the aluminum foil and bake the beets for one hour.
In the meantime, sauté chopped shallots and chopped carrots in 2 Tbsp of olive oil in a pot for five minutes. Once those five minutes are up, add chicken broth and sauté for another five minutes.
Pour the broth and vegetables into a food processor and puree the mixture until it is smooth. Time it right so that you can peel, chop up, and add the golden beets once the mixture is smooth.
Rinse, chop up, and sauté the fennel bulb with the dill for 7-10 minutes (in 2 Tbsp olive oil), then set aside.
Once the mixture in the food processor is smooth, pour it into a pot, and get it boiling! Mix in goat cheese, and then add heavy cream and continue stirring until the mixture is very even and light yellow in color.
Add the sautéed fennel and dill and heat through. Sprinkle some fennel fronds into the serving bowl before serving.

Submitter: 
Chef AidF
Description: 
I wanted to do a yellow soup when I made this recipe.  My food processor was too small, so I tried using an immersion blender, but that didn't end well. So I just pureed it in batches. It turned out to be really good, it was very thick and hearty.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h, 35 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
