URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64480194/grilled-zucchini-with-portobello-and-goat-cheese/
Title:
Grilled Zucchini with Portobello and Goat Cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2520883.jpg
Ingredients:
Two Large Portobello Mushroom Caps
Two Gold Zucchinis
Two Green Zucchinis
Two Medium Plum Tomatoes, chopped
¼ Cup Pine Nuts
One Large Shallot, diced
Ten Basil Leaves, Chopped
3 oz. Goat Cheese
1 Tbsp Chopped Chives
1 Tbsp Olive Oil
½ Cup Marinade

Directions:
Preheat the broiler to its highest possible setting.
Rinse off the zucchinis and cut them lengthwise. Begin soaking them in marinade in a shallow bowl, flipping them occasionally. Leave them there for 10-15 minutes (or longer if desired).
Dice and begin sautéing the shallots in olive oil in a sauté pan. Once the pieces start turning golden-brown, add chopped tomatoes and chopped basil and continue sautéing until the tomato pieces are soft. Set these ingredients aside when they are done.
Meanwhile, roast the pine nuts in a small frying pan for about four minutes, and then set them aside.
Put the halved and marinated zucchinis on the grill, flipping them occasionally. Brush them with marinade occasionally as well. Continue grilling until they are well-cooked.
Wash off the mushroom caps, scrubbing them with a brush, then set them in the shallow bowl with the marinade, flipping them occasionally. Leave them in there for 10-15 minutes (or longer if desired).
Once the zucchinis are done, place them in the sauté pan (you can cut them in half if desired), and put the mushrooms on the grill. Flip and brush them with marinade occasionally. Grill them until they are well-cooked (that is, turning brown and softening), then put them in the sauté pan as well.
Use a spoon to cover the sauté pan with the sautéed ingredients, then coat the entire thing with pieces of goat cheese.
Place the sauté pan inside the broiler, and leave the door open. Remove the pan once the cheese is golden-brown, top with pine nuts, and then sprinkle on chopped chives.
Use a metal spatula to cut and place the ingredients on a plate, and serve immediately!

Submitter: 
Chef AidF
Description: 
I was itching to do a recipe with mushrooms and goat cheese, and this is what I came up with. It works as an entrée or a side dish, and can be served alongside other grilled recipes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
70 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
