URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64482952/shrub/
Title:
Shrub Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2532112.jpg
Ingredients:
Equal parts:
Berries or stone fruit
Sugar
1/2 part vinegar (see below for notes)
Herbs like thyme, rosemary, sage (optional)

Directions:
If the fruit is frozen, let it thaw. For fresh fruit, wash.
Berries should be lightly crushed. Strawberries should be hulled and quartered. Stone fruit should be quartered and pitted.
Wash and sterilize the container.  You can use a bowl or jar.
Put the fruit in the container and cover with sugar.  White granulated sugar provides a neutral sweetness; brown and raw sugars may also be used.
If desired, ad a few sprigs of herbs.
Stir to combine, cover and place in the fridge to macerate for 1-2 days.  Stir occasionally.
When ready, your fruit should be surrounded by juice and syrup.
Place a fine mesh strainer over a bowl and pour fruit/syrup in.  Press lightly on the solids to expel all the juice.
If herbs were used, remove them now.
Pour juice into a sterilized glass jar or bottle. Add vinegar.  A number of different types of vinegars can be used as long as it is at least 5% acidity. Distilled white vinegar has more of a clear, sharp flavor while apple cider vinegar will be milder with a fruity flavor.  Wine vinegars have a superior smooth flavor. Balsamic vinegar is great with cherries and strawberries.
Put a lid and shake gently until any remaining sugar is dissolved.
I let the shrub set for at least a day or two before using.  The longer it sits the more the tart and sweetness harmonizes.
I combine the shrubs with sparkling water to make a nice soda.  It can also be used in cocktails and salad dressing.

Submitter: 
Luba
Description: 
This is the cold-process method for making a shrub.  This is one of those 'don't have exact measurements' recipes, but if you get he ratios close, it is hard to mess it up.  Although I'm usually a fan of using fresh ingredients, froze fruit/berries actually work well and sometimes give a little more juice (don't tell!).
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
