URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64482434/springtime-pasta-nests/
Title:
Springtime Pasta Nests Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2529348.jpg
Ingredients:
12 oz. Tagliatelle (or nest-shaped) Pasta
1 Cup Ricotta Cheese
0.36 oz Dried Porcini Mushrooms
¼ Cup Pine Nuts
Two Small Fennel Bulbs, chopped
Two Shallots, one chopped, one minced
One Pot of Water
½ Cup Water
3 Tbsp Sun-Dried Tomatoes (packed in oil)
1/3 Cup Olive Oil
2 Tbsp Olive Oil
2 Cups Baby Arugula
Salt and Pepper to taste
One Sprig Rosemary
Italian Bread and Butter to taste (optional)

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 Degrees Fahrenheit. Boil some water in a kettle and boil some water in a pot.
Pour about a 1/2 cup of boiling water from the kettle into a heat-proof measuring cup, and add Porcini mushrooms to reconstitute them.
Slice up fennel bulbs and one of the shallots, and place them in a baking dish coated with 2 Tbsp olive oil. Bake for 20 minutes. Sprinkle with salt and pepper.
Toast pine nuts in a dry frying pan until golden-brown, then add to a food processor, along with minced shallot and 1/3 cup of olive oil. Use a coffee filter, a strainer, and a small bowl to "strain" the mushrooms and add them to the food processor. Save the water!
Pulse until well-mixed, then add arugula. You can keep adding olive oil if necessary.
Continue pulsing, then add 1/3 cup of the (filtered) water that the mushrooms soaked in, and continue pulsing.
Add ricotta, more arugula if necessary, pulse, then add sun-dried tomatoes; and continue pulsing until well-mixed.
Put the pasta in the pot of boiling water and cook it (check package for cooking time). When it is done, take it out using a slotted spoon, and place it in the serving bowl. Add about two to four "nests" per bowl.
Spoon sauce out of food processor onto nests, top with roasted vegetables, add shared rosemary; then if desired, add Italian bread and butter to the plate and serve.

Submitter: 
Chef AidF
Description: 
This is definitely one of my most decorative and whimsical recipes. It's very hearty, though, and it's a lot of fun to prepare.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
