URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64480008/kohlrouladen---german-cabbage-rolls/
Title:
Kohlrouladen - German Cabbage Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2519911.jpg
Ingredients:
1 medium to large head green cabbage (about 3 lb)
1 lb ground lean beef
1 lb ground pork
2 eggs
1 small onion, finely chopped
1/2 cup bread crumbs
1 tsp salt
1 tsp Montreal steak spice
1/2 tsp pepper
about 2 tbsp oil and 2 tbsp butter
about 2 cups beef broth
about 1 - 2 tbsp corn starch

Directions:
Prepare cabbage head by removing the stalk. Cook head in a large pot of boiling, salted water for about 10 minutes until the leaves loosen. Remove leaves. (Use remainder of cabbage for another meal.)
Prepare meat mixture by mixing together the beef, pork, eggs, onion, bread crumbs, salt, steak spice and pepper.
Put about 1 heaping tbsp meat mixture on end of cabbage leaf. Roll up tightly, tucking in sides. Fasten with a wooden toothpick.
In a large saucepan, over high heat, add oil and butter. In batches, carefully brown cabbage rolls on all sides. When all have been browned, return all cabbage rolls to pan and add beef broth so that the liquid almost covers the rolls.
Simmer gently for about 1 hour.
Carefully remove cabbage rolls unto a platter, removing the toothpicks. Keep rolls warm while you make the gravy.
Mix corn starch with a bit of cold water. Add as much as needed to the liquid in the saucepan until it is the desired consistency. Season with salt and pepper if needed.
Serve cabbage rolls with potatoes (boiled or mashed) and a green salad on the side.

Submitter: 
Jill Sander
Description: 
This cabbage rolls recipe is SO German. Stuffed with meat and served with a brown gravy, this really is a family favorite ... a great German food! T No rice. No tomato sauce to dilute the great meat/cabbage flavors! Just great cabbage taste with a wonderful gravy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
1 hr 30 min
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
