URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64485068/black-bean-and-butternut-squash-burritos/
Title:
Black Bean and Butternut Squash Burritos Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 medium butternut squash, peeled, cubed, & roasted
1/2 cup uncooked short grain brown rice (yields: 1.5 cups cooked)
1 cup chopped sweet onion
2 garlic cloves, minced
1 red pepper, chopped
1 tsp kosher salt, or to taste
2 tsp ground cumin, or to taste
1/4 tsp cayenne pepper, or to taste
One 15-oz can black beans (about 1.5-2 cups cooked), drained and rinsed
3/4 cup Daiya cheese opt
4 tortilla wraps (large or x-large)
Toppings of choice: (avocado, salsa, vegan sour cream, spinach/lettuce, cilantro, etc)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425F and line a large glass dish with tinfoil. Drizzle olive oil on squash and give a shake of salt and pepper. Coat with hands. Roast chopped butternut squash for 45 mins. or until tender. Not included in cook time.
Cook  rice (Not included in cook time)
In a large skillet over medium-low heat, cook onion, red pepper and minced garlic. Saute for about 5 minutes, stirring frequently. Now add in salt and seasonings and stir well.
Add black beans, and cooked rice and sauté for another 10 mins. on low.
5. When b’nut squash is tender remove from oven and cool slightly. Add 1.5 cups of the cooked butternut squash to the skillet and stir well. You can mash the squash with a fork if some pieces are too large. Add Daiya cheese if using and heat another couple minutes.
Add bean filling to tortilla along with desired toppings. Wrap and serve. Leftover filling can be reheated the next day for lunch in a wrap or as a salad topper.

Submitter: 
Wilma Laura Wiggins
Description: 
The best burrito I’ve tasted! These burritos have a kick of heat to them (that you can control yourself) and a light sweetness thanks to the butternut squash. The filling is so good I found myself eating it on its own. Use it to sprinkle on salads or as a dip for crackers in addition to making burritos. You could also try using sweet potato or pumpkin as a way to change up the butternut filling.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
30 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
