URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64489076/stuffed-shell-pasta/
Title:
Stuffed Shell Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2572547.jpg
Ingredients:
Twelve Pasta “Shells”
1½ Cup Ricotta Cheese
One Egg
One Bunch of Dill
One Small Container of Baby Spinach
¼ tsp White Pepper
¼ Cup Butter
¼ Cup All-purpose Flour
1¾ Cup Whole Milk
3 Tbsp Tomato Paste
2 Tbsp Grated Parmesan Cheese
¼ tsp Hot Red Pepper Flakes (optional ingredient)
One Pot of Water
Salt and Pepper to Taste

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit.
Boil some water in a large pot and once it is boiling, add twelve pasta shells and cook them as the package directs, and stir them occasionally with a wooden spoon. Drain them once they are done and let them cool.
In the meantime, in a second strainer, add spinach and rinse it. Place in a small pot and cook for about two minutes (or until spinach is wilted). Don’t add water – it will be cooked with the water clinging to the leaves.
In a mixing bowl, crack an egg and add ricotta cheese and dill (cut with herb shears), and then stir them until they are blended. Once they are blended, cut the spinach with herb shears if necessary and add it to this mixture, and keep stirring.
Put a saucepan on the stove, add ¼ cup butter and melt it, then add flour and continue mixing! Add milk gradually when the flour and butter are golden, and keep stirring! Let it thicken, and turn off the stove once there are bubbles on the edge of the saucepan.
Add 3 Tbsp of tomato paste and mix it in until the mixture is orange-red. Add white pepper and hot pepper flakes (if you are using them) and continue mixing.
Stuff the pasta shells with the egg/dill/spinach/cheese mixture and place them in a baking dish, and pour the (tomato) sauce over them. Sprinkle grated Parmesan cheese on top and bake for about 20 minutes.
Place pasta shells on a plate and serve.

Submitter: 
Chef AidF
Description: 
Another classic Italian recipe - in this version, the shells are stuffed with an egg/dill/spinach/Ricotta mixture and topped with tomato white sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
