URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64496890/mexican-lasagna-in-a-big-bertha/
Title:
Mexican Lasagna in a Big Bertha! Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2610438.jpg
Ingredients:
1 lb. ground beef
1 small onion, diced
cracked black pepper and sea salt
olive oil for sautéing
2 15 oz. cans tomato sauce
1 10 oz. can Ro-tel tomatoes, drained
1 taco seasoning packet
1/2 tsp. cumin
2-3 cloves minced garlic
1 T. cornmeal
6 burrito size flour tortillas
1 15 oz. can black beans, drained
8 oz. frozen corn
1 c. sour cream
16 oz. shredded cheddar cheese
freeze dried or fresh chives

Directions:
Sauté onion in a skillet with olive oil, salt and pepper.  Add ground beef and brown well. Drain.
Add tomato sauce, tomatoes, taco seasoning packet, cumin and garlic to skillet.  Stir well and simmer until hot.
Grease casserole dish and sprinkle bottom with cornmeal.  Start layering with a tortilla, then enough sauce to thinly cover it, 1/5 of the black beans, 1/5 of the corn, a "swirl" of sour cream (for ease, put the sour cream in a zipper bag, and snip the corner in order to squeeze a thin stream around the layer) and a thin layer of cheddar cheese.  8 oz. of cheese is used for the first 5 layers, with the last layer being only sauce, sour cream and the last 4 oz. of cheddar. Sprinkle with chives
Place in preheated 375° oven, and cover with parchment or the glass lid if you have it :) Bake until knife inserts easily through layers, center is heated through, and edges are brown and crispy, about 45 minutes to 1 hour (still playing with temp and time! watch carefully and give me your feedback).  You may remove parchment to brown cheese further at the end of the cook time if desired.  Cut in wedges and serve with sour cream and cilantro lime rice.

Submitter: 
Linda In Da Kitchen
Description: 
This recipe is portioned for a vintage Pyrex 664 4 quart round casserole. It can be modified for a rectangular dish, cutting tortillas to fit.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
