URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64499992/pasta-with-salmon/
Title:
Pasta with Salmon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2614153.jpg
Ingredients:
½ lb Salmon Filet
8 oz. Pasta (a long shape such as spaghetti)
Two Lemons, halved and juiced
A Small Bunch of Dill
¼ Cup Sour Cream
Enough Water to Cover the Filet
20 Green Beans, ends removed and chopped
One Large Shallot, minced
A Small Bunch of Cress
One Pot of Water
1 Tbsp Olive Oil
Salt and Pepper to Taste

Directions:
Pour some water into a pot and get it boiling!
Chop two lemons in half and juice them, setting the juice aside. Pour some water into a frying pan. Rinse off the dill and add it to the pan. Then, use a strainer to pour the lemon juice into the pan (to ensure that no lemon seeds get in). Mix it in as necessary, and add salt and pepper to taste
Add the salmon filet to the pan, and poach it over medium to high heat, flipping it as necessary, for ten minutes. Remove the skin when you flip it the first time.
In the meantime, mince the shallots and chop up the green beans, and sauté them in olive oil until the shallots start to brown and the green beans soften, then set them aside.
Once the salmon is poached, use tongs to set it aside in a shallow bowl, but don't throw the poaching mixture away.
Take about a quarter cup of the poaching mixture and add it to a saucepan. Add sour cream, some chopped dill, and mix over medium heat.
Once the water in the larger pot is boiling, add pasta and cook until al dente (check the package for cooking time). Once the pasta is al dente, strain it either with the strainer you used for the lemon juice or a fresh strainer.
Once the pasta is all drained, turn the saucepan burner off and mix in the pasta.
Place the pasta on the plate, along with some chunks of the salmon filet, plus some of the sauté mixture. Try to get an even mix if possible.
Rinse off the cress, and add a few leaves to the center of the plate for a decorative touch. Serve immediately!

Submitter: 
Chef AidF
Description: 
There was a lot of kitchen improv involved in the making of this recipe! It works as a seafood dish or a pasta dish. It's served with a dilly sour cream sauce!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
