URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64498893/cheddar-chive-pumpking-shaped-cheese-ball/
Title:
Cheddar & Chive Pumpking shaped Cheese Ball Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
16 ounces cream cheese (2 packages)
1/3 to 1/2 cup finely chopped chives
1-1/2 cups shredded cheddar (or a cheddar/ jack blend)
1 package crackers, prefer wheat
cheddar slices for pumpkin ribs
1 pie crust, unbaked (use remainder for tarts)
egg wash - 3 eggs and 1 tablespoon water
1 pretzel rod for pumpkin stem
orange, yellow, green food colouring

Directions:
Let the cream cheese soften at room temperature - once softened, add the chives and shredded cheddar.  Mix well and form into pumpkin shape.  Lay out a large piece of plastic wrap, add the cheese ball to the centre and wrap, chill for several hours until it is set up.
For the pie crust leaves - lightly flour board or countertop, lay out the pie crust and cut into small shapes using a leaf cookie cutter.  Transfer cut outs to a baking sheet that has been lines with parchment paper.  Using a dull knife, create indentations on each leaf and create the look of leaves with stems and ribs.  Usually do 8 leaves, some for the top of cheese ball and others to decorate the plate.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees.  In a bowl, add 3 eggs and 1 tablespoon of cool water and mix well.  Divide eggs wash into smaller containers.  Drop food one colour of food colouring into each bowl, mix well.  Using a clean paint brush, start with the lighter colours, such as yellow or orange and the paint the pie crust pieces to look like fall coloured leaves.  Use the darker colour in the ribs and stems to highlight them.  Make sure all the area are coloured before baking.  Bake for 6-8 minutes until baked through and remove before any browning occurs.  Let cool
Take the cheese ball out of the fridge, while it is still in the cling wrap, you can reshape if necessary, as well as creating ridges that go down the sides to make look like a pumpkin (just drag your thumb down the sides).  Remove the plastic wrap and place on your presentation platter.  Cut strips of cheddar into thin slices, place them gently into the ridges.  Break off a piece of a large pretzel rod and add it to the top to replicate a stem.  Gently lay 3-4 pie crusts to the top cheese ball next to the pretzel stem.  Add a variety of crackers around ball and decorate the platter with remaining pie crusts

Submitter: 
M. Karen
Description: 
This is an adorable cheese ball for Thanksgiving and great family fun activity
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
