URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64496366/layered-root-vegetables-sausage-and-roast-corn/
Title:
Layered Root Vegetables, Sausage, and Roast Corn Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2609833.jpg
Ingredients:
Four 4-inch Chicken Sausages, chopped
Three Beets, peeled and chopped
A bunch of Kohlrabi, chopped
A bunch of Small Sweet Potatoes, peeled and chopped
Four Ears of Corn (on the cob)
Two Small Shallots, Chopped
Olive Oil for root vegetable pan
1 Tbsp Olive Oil for sauté
One Cup of Grated Monterey Jack Cheese
1 Tbsp Butter
2 tsp Herbes de Provence
1 Tbsp Dried Basil
Salt and Pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 425°F.
Rinse the root vegetables (sweet potatoes, kohlrabi, and beets) with a brush, then peel and chop the beets and sweet potatoes. Cut the leaves off of the kohlrabies and chop them up as well.
Put the chopped-up root vegetables in a bowl, and pour some olive oil on top. Spread it to all of the chopped pieces, then add Herbes de Provence and spread them as well.
Place a sheet of aluminum foil on a baking pan, then dump the contents of the bowl onto the foil, spreading them around and draining excess olive oil as necessary. Place them in the oven and bake for twenty minutes (do not remove them when they are done).
In the meantime, chop up the sausages and sauté them in 1 Tbsp olive oil until they are golden-brown, then place them in a bowl. You can add salt and pepper to taste while the sausage pieces are cooking.
Chop up shallots and add the pieces to the pan and sauté them in the sausage grease until they are golden-brown.
Remove the leaves and silk from the corn cobs, and place them on a piece of aluminum foil. Place that piece on another piece of foil.
Melt about 1 Tbsp of butter in a microwave oven, then brush the corn with it, rolling it around as necessary. Add salt to taste.
Wrap the corn in the aluminum foil, and once the 20 minutes on the root vegetables are up, place the corn in the oven and bake everything for another 20 minutes.
Once the vegetables are done, remove them and allow them to cool off. Once the corn is cool enough to handle, use a knife to remove the kernels from the cob (they can either go in the frying pan with the sautéed shallots or in a separate bowl, but they should be mixed with the shallots).
Add the root vegetables to the bottom of a baking dish. Add the sausage pieces on top and spread them around. Next, add the corn and shallot mixture and spread it around. Finally, top the dish with grated Monterey Jack cheese.
Cool the oven down to 350°F, then add the baking dish and bake for five minutes.
Once it is done, use a spatula to remove the contents, put them in a serving bowl, and serve immediately!

Submitter: 
Chef AidF
Description: 
This recipe was a result of a trip to the Regional Market in September 2015. It is one of my few fully American recipes, and it is a hearty, oven-baked main dish filled with autumn vegetables and baked with a topping of Monterey Jack cheese.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
