URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64495918/gluten-free-sourdough-starter/
Title:
Gluten Free Sourdough Starter Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2608309.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cups brown rice flour, divided
3 cups buckwheat flour, divided
filtered water, at room temperature

Directions:
Mix together the brown rice flour and the buckwheat flour until well combined.
Day 1: In a glass jar, whisk together 1 cup of the flour mix and 3/4 cup filtered water and stir well until smooth without lumps.
Put a piece of cheesecloth or a clean linen towel on top and let sit at room temperature (about70°F) and far from drafts or direct sunlight. Do not cover with plastic wrap, the circulation of air is important. Every once-in-a while, stir the mixture with a fork or whisk.
Check to see if small bubbles start to form in the mixture. These bubbles indicate that "wild" yeast is forming.
Day 2: As well as stirring, you will begin to "feed" the starter on day 2. In the morning, mix 1/4 cup of flour mixture and 3 Tbsp filtered water (at room temperature). Once mixed well, add the flour/water mixture to the jar with the starter mixture. Stir well and continue to stir throughout the day if possible. Every 12 hours, add this same feeding mixture (1/4 cup flour + 3 Tbsp water) to the mother mixture.
Day 3: By now you should notice an overall sponge-like texture. If this is the case, your starter is ready to use. At this point, it should be kept in certain conditions to keep from over-growing. Keep it sealed, in the fridge.
If your starter has only a bit of foam at the top, but you notice a fragrant smell of yeast, these are good signs and could be that the room is too cool. Check to make sure the location is draft free. If you don't note these minimal signs and a note a foul smell, discard and re-start.
If your sponge is still very watery but has a sponge forming, mix well, take out 1 cup of the mixture and discard (or use in another recipe) and feed the starter every 6 hours.
By day 4 your starter should be ready. Keep the starter covered in the refrigerator and feed very two weeks or each time you take away any starter.
Maintenance:
Every time you use your starter, add back the same amount that you use. i.e., if you use 1/2 cup for a recipe, add 1/2 cup of mixture to replace the same amount.
When not being used, your starter will need to be maintained. To feed: allow the starter to reach room temperature. Take out 1/2 cup of starter (use in a recipe, freeze, or discard) and add 1/2 cup of flour mix combined with 1/3 cup of water. Allow the starter to reach room temperature and allow to rest until the starter has begun to foam and bubble. Cover and put back in the fridge.
A note about the flours: using brown rice flour alone will result in a weak yeast. Teff, quinoa and sorghum flours are very nice and add unique flavors to the final starter. Tap water contains chlorine and can kill off the wild yeast, for this reason it is best to use filtered water.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
This is a step-by-step guide on how to begin a gluten free sourdough starter without yeast. The amounts here are for getting the mother dough started. You will need to keep extra flour mix on-hand to continue feeding as long as you want to keep the starter. Once it begins to have a sponge-like consistency, it is ready to use and should be kept in the fridge or else it will grow wild all over the counter. Add a bit of the starter in your favorite recipes calling for yeast or baking powder for a unique flavor and texture.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
4 d
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
