URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64499785/turkey-salad-pinwheels/
Title:
Turkey Salad Pinwheels Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2613908.jpg
Ingredients:
Turkey Salad Southern Style:
8 oz block of Monterrey Jack or mozzarella cheese
1 lb rotisserie turkey breast
3/4 cup mayonnaise
1/4 cup sweet relish
salt
pepper
Honey Mustard Cream Cheese Spread:
2 - 8 oz blocks cream cheese, softened
1/4 cup Billy Bees Honey Mustard
2 teaspoons dry mustard
Remaining Ingredients:
1 1/2 block sharp or medium cheddar cheese
8 extra large flour tortillas
2 cups romaine lettuce, chopped
1 cup banana peppers, drained

Directions:
Use food processor to shred the cheddar cheese and set aside. (pre-shredded cheese has a powdery texture)
Turkey Salad Southern Style:
Use the food processor to shred white cheese block (pre-shredded cheese has a powdery texture)
Use the food processor to chop turkey to desired consistency (I like it ground but a little chunky).
Mix together turkey, mayonnaise, cheese, relish, salt, and pepper to taste.
Stir together with a spoon just until blended.
Set aside.
Using a stand mixer or hand mixer, blend softened cream cheese, honey mustard, and dry mustard until creamy.
Set aside.
Pull two pieces of plastic wrap (each about 18 inches long).
Place them horizontally on the counter one above the other so that the top and bottom overlap to make one large piece.
Arrange four of the flour tortillas so that the edges overlap, creating one large tortilla with no gaps.
Spread 1/2 of  the Honey Mustard Cream Cheese Spread on all four tortillas and between the tortillas where they overlap.
Starting at the bottom, leave about 1 inch of the tortilla exposed.
Use 1/2 cup of banana peppers and place them in a horizontal row.
Above but touching, make a horizontal row using 1/2 of the turkey salad.
Above but touching, make a horizontal row using 1/2 of the romaine lettuce.
Above but touching, make a horizontal row using 1/2 of the cheddar cheese.
Starting at the bottom, fold over the 1 inch of exposed tortilla to cover the banana peppers.
Roll slowly until you reach the middle.
Tuck in the ends and continue to roll until it forms a cylinder.
Pull it back to the bottom edge of the plastic wrap and wrap the cylinder, tucking in the ends of the wrap 1/2 way through.
Use remaining ingredients to make a second roll.
Allow the rolls to rest in the refrigerator for about 3 hours.
Slice the cylinders into circles and arrange on serving platters.

Submitter: 
Linda Caprice Jordan Diaz
Description: 
These Turkey Salad Pinwheels are always a huge hit at potlucks and parties. They are a great finger food and are best when allowed to rest 3-4 hours, but can be made a full day ahead. As a variation, ham salad can be used in addition to or instead of turkey salad.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
