URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64494142/cearas-gluten-free-double-chocolate-banana-muffins/
Title:
Ceara's Gluten Free Double Chocolate Banana Muffins Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Dry Ingredients
1¼ cup oat flour (139 gr.)
1 cup almond meal (102 gr.)
3 slightly rounded tbsp tapioca starch (24 gr.)
3 tsp baking powder
½ tsp sea salt
Wet Ingredients
1¼ cup mashed banana
½ cup coconut sugar*
2 tsp vanilla extract
1 tbsp molasses
¼ cup + 1 tbsp cacao powder or high quality cocoa powder
½ tbsp instant coffee*
? cup mini chocolate chips (+ 2 tbsp for sprinkling on top!)

Directions:
Pre-heat oven to 355F/180C. Lightly grease a muffin pan with coconut oil, non-stick cooking spray or with liners.
In a medium size mixing bowl measure and whisk together dry ingredients (oat flour through to sea salt) until evenly dispersed. Note: I recommend using a measuring scale for the ingredients because if you over-measure it will make a difference in the final result! If you do not have a kitchen scale, lightly fluff your flours with a spoon before scooping them up and measuring them.
Mash the bananas in a large bowl and measure to make sure it's exactly 1¼ cups. Add the coconut sugar, vanilla extract, unsulfured molasses and whisk together. Whisk in the cocoa powder until a thick-ish chocolate mixture is formed.
Fold the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients and stir together until a thick batter is formed (see photo). You do not have to worry about over-mixing because there is no gluten in the batter. Stir in the chocolate chips.
Scoop the muffin batter into the muffin pan (using an ice cream scoop or a slightly greased ¼ cup measuring cup makes this a lot easier!). There is approximately ¼ heaping cup in each muffin cup. Bake for 14 - 17 minutes, the amount of baking time with depend on your oven. The muffins are ready when an inserted toothpick comes out almost clear. Leave to cool in pan for 10 minutes before removing and transferring to a cooling rack.

Submitter: 
Wilma Laura Wiggins
Description: 
Fudgey, rich and decadent Healthy Double Chocolate Banana Muffins. Nobody will guess these moist, soft and fluffy muffins are gluten free, vegan and oil free! The perfect snack, breakfast or dessert!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
37 min
Number of servings: 
9
Nutritional Facts:
NA
