URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64495984/garlic-soup/
Title:
Garlic Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 garlic cloves, minced, plus 1 garlic clove, cut in half
Salt to taste (about 2 teaspoons)
1 bay leaf
¼ teaspoon dried thyme, or a few sprigs fresh thyme
½ cup pasta, such as elbow macaroni, orecchiette or fusilli
1 cup frozen peas
4 slices country-style bread, cut in half, or 8 slices baguette, lightly toasted
2 large eggs, beaten
1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil
Ground pepper to taste
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
2 to 3 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan or Gruyère cheese

Directions:
Bring 6 1/2 cups water to a boil in a 3- or 4-quart saucepan. Add minced garlic, salt, bay leaf and thyme. Cover and simmer 15 minutes. Taste and adjust salt. Remove bay leaf, and fresh thyme sprigs, if using. (Dried thyme will be difficult to remove.)
Add pasta to pot. Stir, cover and simmer until al dente, about 5 to 10 minutes, depending on pasta type. Stir from time to time so that pasta doesn’t stick to the bottom of the pot. Add peas and simmer 5 minutes.
Meanwhile, rub toasted bread slices with cut garlic clove and place 2 pieces in each bowl.
Beat together eggs and olive oil. Temper the egg: Spoon 2 ladlefuls of the hot soup into eggs and stir together.
Turn off heat under soup and slowly stir in tempered egg mixture. Add pepper and parsley. Ladle soup into bowls over bread, sprinkle cheese over the top and serve.

Submitter: 
jamanleyx
Description: 
This garlic soup, which is based on a Provençal recipe, requires a minimal number of the staples that I always have on hand. It calls for garlic; eggs; some sort of pasta; a green vegetable that can be as simple as the limp bunch of broccoli in my crisper or, as I use in this recipe, frozen peas; and Parmesan or Gruyère for the garnish.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
30
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
