URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64498220/monster-lasagna/
Title:
Monster Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2611921.jpg
Ingredients:
3 lbs Italian sausage
2 whole heads of garlic (yes, that is about 20-30 cloves!)
2 onions
1 red pepper
1 green pepper
1 yellow pepper
1 box lasagna noodles
2 medium zucchini
1 lb mushrooms
2 24 oz jars of spaghetti sauce
24 oz cottage cheese
2 lbs shredded mozzarella cheese
1 cup parmesan cheese
salt and black pepper to taste
1/4 tsp nutmeg
1 tbs dried Italian seasoning
2 boxes of frozen spinach, thawed and squeezed
1 tbs dried thyme
1/2 C flour
1/2 C butter
3 C milk
1 to 2 C water

Directions:
Thinly slice the zucchini and set aside.  I used a mandolin set to 1/8" and sliced them longways, to look like the size and shape of the pasta noodles.
Chop onions, garlic, peppers and mushrooms and saute with Italian sausage, and season with salt and pepper to taste.  I put everything in my food processor with the slicing attachment to keep it simple.  This will need to cook on medium heat for about 10 minutes, then an additional 15 minutes or so on medium high heat. Stir occasionally between other steps to ensure even cooking, and the idea is to soften the vegetables with little browning.
While sausage mixture is cooking, in a mixing bowl combine cottage cheese, parmesan cheese, and spinach that has been thawed and squeezed of excess moisture.  Season with salt and pepper to taste, and add the Italian seasoning and thyme.
Continue to stir the sausage and vegetables.
Next is the white sauce.  Melt butter in a saucepan on medium to medium high heat, and add flour.  Stir constantly for 3 minutes or so to cook the flour, and then while stirring add the milk.     Keep stirring until the mixture is thick and bubbly, about 10 minutes.    Add nutmeg, salt and pepper.  For this sauce I probably used a tablespoon or so of salt.  It sounds like a lot, but it isn't.
Once the white sauce is thickened and the sausage and veggie mixture is cooked, it it time to assemble.  Spray the pan with non stick spray, and add a thin layer of sauce.  Here is the sequence I used to layer:
Spaghetti sauce on the bottom of the pan, uncooked lasagna noodles, meat and veggie mixture, cottage cheese and spinach mixture, spaghetti sauce, zucchini slices, white sauce, mozzarella cheese
Complete two sets of these layers, and top with remaining sauce.  Add enough water at the edge of the pan so that it fills up to about 1/2" from the top.  Somewhere between 1 and 2 cups.  This is what is absorbed into to the noodles as the dish is baked.
Bake uncovered for 90 minutes at 350 degrees.  Top with remaining mozzarella cheese and return to the oven for 10 minutes or so to melt.  Once it is out of the oven, let stand on a cooling rack for a full 20 minutes before slicing and serving!

Submitter: 
Shasta Duplantis
Description: 
This dish is so big I made it in a turkey roasting pan.  It measures approximately 12x16x4.  A traditional lasagna with layers of meat, cheese, vegetables, noodles, white sauce and red sauce, plus some thinly sliced zucchini in place of some noodles.  It is time consuming, but made with simple and tasty ingredients and makes GREAT leftovers!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
90 m
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
15
Nutritional Facts:
NA
