URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64494986/easy-italian-acquacotta/
Title:
Easy Italian Acquacotta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 bunches of chard (other greens like dandelion greens and kale can work, too)
8 cloves garlic, crushed
3 potatoes, peeled and sliced very thinly
1 lb of tomatoes (fresh are better than canned), roughly chopped
1 bulb fennel, sliced thinly with fennel fronds saved for garnish
1 tsp salt
6-8 c. water
6 eggs
6-12 slices old bread, day-old baguette or French bread works best
Extra-virgin olive oil

Directions:
Roughly chop the greens.  Combine with garlic, potatoes, fennel, and tomatoes in a large sized pan.  Add the water.  If necessary, add more water until all the vegetables are covered.  Cook over medium heat until the potatoes and greens are tender (about 15 min).
Turn the heat down to low/simmer. Carefully crack the eggs into the pan, cover, and simmer another 2-3 min--the yolks should still be running.
Add the stale/dry bread to each bowl, ladling the hot stew over the bread, and giving each bowl an egg.  The bread should soak up most of the water and get very soft.  All the liquid should be divided among the six bowls.
Top with the chopped fennel fronds, salt, and pepper.  Drizzle about a tablespoon of olive oil over each bowl.
Footnote:
Sliced sandwich bread will work in a pinch, but the better the bread, the better the stew.
Regarding the greens, frozen kale or collards can work, too--just add them at the end.
If your pot is too small to crack all six eggs, then you can fry the eggs in a separate pan before adding them to the plate at the end.

Submitter: 
Julie Julie
Description: 
The name Acquacotta makes this recipe sound fancy--but it really is just Italian for cooked in water. What could be easier than that? Made from items that are available at the grocery store, you can have a fancy-sounding, affordable, easy dinner.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
25
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
