URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64500661/fresh-vodka-sauce-with-pasta/
Title:
Fresh Vodka Sauce with Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2614978.jpg
Ingredients:
7 chopped tomatoes, drained not smashed, or 2-3 per person.
1/2 to 1 cup vodka (any brand works)
1 to 1.5 cups of heavy cream (milk works fine too)
3-4 cloves garlic, minced
Olive oil (enough to to cover garlic and basil in pan)
1 drop oregano oil or 1 teaspoon oregano leaves
A pinch of nutmeg (optional) (helps with tomato acidity, but if you're sceptic, don't use it as it is a strong spice and can overbear the sauce's favour.)
1 small onion, minced
Salt and pepper to taste
1 pinch of crushed red pepper flakes or cayenne (DO NOT cook cayenne with sauce. Wait until serving time)
2 teaspoons fresh basil, chopped
2 teaspoons fresh parsley, chopped
2-3 leaves chopped spearmint (optional)
1/4 stick of butter
1/2 cup fresh grated Romano or Parmesan.
1 to 2 pounds of noodles of your choice.

Directions:
To make things easier, take the time to chop everything prior to cooking. Once your ingredients are set aside, sprinkle the pan with some salt to prevent sticking and heat the garlic and basil in olive oil on medium heat until it begins to sizzle. Then throw in the onions and pepper flakes and let cook for about a minute. Stir occasionally.
Add tomatoes and vodka into the mixture with about half of the whipping cream. Turn heat to high until it starts to boil and add the nutmeg, oregano, spearmint and parsley. Reduce heat and simmer for a few hours or at least one to two. Remember, the longer you simmer it, the thicker and less runny it'll be. Periodically add the rest of the cream while stirring occasionally.  Before you begin the noodles, add cheese, salt and pepper. Be sure to not add the cheese too early as it will tend to stick to the pan over the course of a few hours, making it hard to work with.
When you are getting close to eating time bring a pot of water to a boil with a pinch of salt and about a teaspoon of olive oil to prevent the noodles from sticking. Boil the noodles, stirring occasionally until they can easily hang from a fork and are no longer crispy. Take out, drain water and enjoy.

Submitter: 
Gerry Garcia
Description: 
Using fresh ingredients, this sauce is both easy and versatile full of flavor and vividness and can be used with vermicelli, linguine, rigatoni and especially penne noodles. Experiment and enjoy.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
