URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64509791/golden-garlic-carne-adovada/
Title:
Golden Garlic Carne Adovada Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2719809.jpg
Ingredients:
4lbs of pork shoulder cut into 1-2" cubes
2 cups of chicken stock
1 large head of garlic
1 tsp olive oil
4 tbs vegetable oil
3 tbs all purpose flour
4 red chile pods (ristra chiles)
1/2 cup of New Mexico red chile powder (medium hot)
1/8 cup Pasilla negro chile powder
1 tsp  cumin
1 tbs  dried oregano

Directions:
1) Roast garlic: cut top off of a garlic head & wrap tightly in foil with olive oil drizzled over the    exposed garlic flesh.  Roast at 400F for 15-20 mins,  the cloves should still be firm. (A toaster oven is a convenient alternative to oven roasting.)
2) Add 1 tbs vegetable oil to a large frying pan and brown pork cubes.  Cover & set aside.
3) Place chicken stock in blender.  Add roasted garlic gloves to the stock & pulse until mixed.
4) Trim stems from chile pods, chop coarsely and add to blender.  Pulse until well blended.
5) Add chile powder(s) incrementally with blending.  Continue to add chile until the stock mixture is a deep red color. Addition of over a cup of  chile powder may be necessary, especially if you are not using chile pods
6) Make rue:  heat 3 tbs vegetable oil in frying pan, add flour and stir until flour is partially browned & smells like popcorn.
7) Slowly add blended chile, garlic, and stock mixture to the rue with stirring. Stir in cumin and oregano. Turn heat on low and allow to thicken. At this point you can add back the drippings from the pork that has been resting.
8) Turn off heat and allow chile rue to cool until it is no longer hot to touch.
9) Combine pork and chile rue in a large roasting pan, cover with foil, and marinate in the refrigerator for 24-72 hours.
10) Place covered roasting pan in an oven pre-heated to 325F. Bake for 3 hours.
11) Remove foil and increase oven temperature to 350F for ~30 minus, or until the sauce has thickened and darkened somewhat.
12) Shred pork with 2 forks & enjoy!

Submitter: 
Ryan Davis
Description: 
This is a classic New Mexico red chile dish that is typically enjoyed simply wrapped in a tortilla (with mustard) or as a component of breakfast burritos, etc.  I like to use a mixture of dry red chile pods (ristra chiles), Chimayo red chile powder, and pasilla negra to get the full chile spectrum, but i think it's still worth giving a shot even if your chile collection is not very elaborate.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
35 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
