URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64502820/maple-pear-tarte-tatin/
Title:
Maple-Pear Tarte Tatin Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 package (17.3 ounce) of frozen puff pastry, thawed
4-5 pears, firm variety
1/4 cup butter
1/3 cup brown sugar
1/4 tsp. cinnamon
1 pinch of ground nutmeg, or a light grating of fresh nutmeg
1/4 cup 100% pure maple syrup, medium or grade B

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375F
Roll out the puff pastry on a lightly floured surface to a 1/4 inch thickness. Chill the pastry until ready to use.
Place a 9" cast iron or oven-proof pan over medium heat.
Add butter to the pan. As soon as it's melted, add brown sugar, cinnamon and nutmeg. When the sugar dissolves, add the maple syrup and stir until it bubbles. Remove from heat.
Meanwhile, peel the pears and cut them in half lengthways and core. Leave one pear half whole and cut the remaining pear halves in half again. Put the halved pear in the center of the pan core side up. Arrange the remaining pear slices around the center pear, core side up. Put the pan over medium low heat and spoon the sugar mixture over top of the pears and continue cooking until the pears softens; basting the pears with the sauce (do not stir the pears) for about 5 minutes.
Remove the pan from heat and place the puff pastry over top of the pears, tuck the pastry around and under the edge of the pears.
Place the pan in the preheated oven and cook for 20 minutes, or until the pastry puffs up and is lightly golden brown.
Let cool for 5 minutes; then invert a serving plate over the pan and carefully flip upside down (sugar and pan is hot, so be careful!)
Serve while it's warm.

Submitter: 
WestCoastMom
Description: 
Pears poached in a maple caramel sauce then baked with a traditional puff pastry crust. A simple yet elegant dessert. Serve warm with vanilla ice cream and enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
