URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64505513/banana-coconut-chia-dairy-free-pudding-or-pie-filling/
Title:
Banana-Coconut-Chia (Dairy Free) Pudding or Pie Filling Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 cups unsweetened vanilla almond milk
6 large egg yolks
1/2 cup cornstarch
2/3 cup coconut sugar
1 teaspoon sea salt
1 tablespoon bourbon vanilla extract
4 tablespoons butter or margarine
3 bananas
1 cup toasted shredded unsweetened coconut (or flakes)  reserving some for topping if desired.
1/8 cup chia seeds optional

Directions:
In large saucepan over medium-high heat, place the egg yolk, almond milk, coconut sugar, salt and cornstarch stirring up to mix well, then gently boil this mixture until thickened, stirring constantly for about 1-2 minutes of boiling time.  Add the toasted coconut, vanilla, and butter or margarine, blend in well.  Allow to cool down a bit.  NOTE:  if you should notice this pudding did not thicken up enough to your liking, easy fix!  Simply add about 1/8 cup or more chia seeds and stir in well.  Cool down some before pouring the pudding over sliced bananas in bowls.  Try topping with a sprinkle of nutmeg and refrigerate till firm.  OR, eat while slightly warm.  May add a non dairy topping if desired with a sprinkle of toasted coconut.  Can crumble graham crackers on top, or bottom.  We love the health benefits of chia seeds.  So easy to use for a thickener.  It will thicken fast, and even more so the longer it sets in refrigerator.

Submitter: 
gem bee
Description: 
Rich and creamy, excellent flavor, almost butterscotch like. 
Even fairly healthy for a sweet treat.  I make it dairy, gluten and refined sugar free, using coconut sugar. 
Note coconut sugar, while caloric, is high in magnesium and lower glycemic. See the addition for chia seed to thicken at the end process if not quite thick enough after the cooking process.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
