URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64501679/big-rays-apple-fritter-muffins/
Title:
Big Ray's  Apple Fritter Muffins Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2616315.jpg
Ingredients:
Apple Fritter Muffins
1/3 cup light brown sugar
1 tsp ground cinnamon
2/3 cup white sugar
1/2 cup butter, softened
2 eggs
1 1/2 tsp vanilla extract
1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
1 3/4 tsp baking powder
1/2 cup milk or almond milk
2 apples, peeled and chopped (any kind but Granny Smith works best), mixed with 2 Tbsp granulated sugar and 1 teaspoon cinnamon
Old-Fashioned Creme Glaze
1/2 cup of powdered sugar
1-3 tablespoons of milk or cream- (depending on thickness of glaze wanted)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Use 2 six count muffin pans and line with muffin wrappers or spray with non-stick spray.
Mix brown sugar and cinnamon together in a bowl. Set aside.
In another medium-sized bowl, beat white sugar and butter together using an electric mixer until smooth and creamy.
Beat in eggs, 1 at a time, until blended in; add in vanilla extract.
Combine & whisk flour and baking powder together in another bowl and add into creamed butter mixture and stir until blended.
Mix milk into batter until smooth.
Fill muffin cups half full of batter; add layer of the apple mixture, then layer of the brown sugar/cinnamon mixture.
Lightly pat apple mixture into batter.
Fill muffin cups with an other layer of the remaining batter over apple layer and top with another layer of the apple mixture, then layer of the remaining brown sugar/cinnamon mixture.
Lightly pat apples into batter; swirl brown sugar mixture through apples using knife or spoon.
Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center of muffin comes out clean, approximately 15-20 minutes.
To make glaze, mix powdered sugar and milk or cream together until well mixed.
Let cool for about 15 minutes before drizzling with glaze.
Can also use use a 9' x 5"-inch loaf pan  and bake for 50-60 minutes.

Submitter: 
bfr610
Description: 
Want an apple fritter without having to fry in oil?  If you bake this, that’s what you’ll get!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
60 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
