URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64507358/ribollita-hearty-tuscan-stew/
Title:
Ribollita (Hearty Tuscan Stew) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 slices (3/4 cup)  smoked and cured bacon, halved lengthwise and then cut crosswise into 1/4-inch slices
3 tablespoons  extra-virgin olive oil, divided, plus more for drizzling
2 large  yellow onions, peeled and diced small
1/2 pound (2-3 links)  fresh hot Italian sausage (pork or turkey), removed from casing
7 medium  carrots, peeled and chopped
1 medium (2 cups)  fennel bulb, diced small
1/4 teaspoon  crushed red chili pepper (chili flakes), or to taste
Freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 tablespoon  tomato paste
7 large cloves  garlic, peeled and chopped
1 (28-ounce) can  diced tomatoes, undrained, fire-roasted, if possible
4 cups  chicken stock
1 (16-ounce) can  white beans (great northern beans), drained and rinsed
kosher salt, to taste
1 bunch (5 packed cups)  cavolo nero kale (also called dinosaur kale or black kale) or curly kale, leaves stripped and thick stems discarded, rinsed and chopped finely
homemade crostini (toasted, sliced baguette seasoned with salt, pepper, and a drizzle of olive oil)
parmigiano-reggiano cheese, not pre-grated, for serving

Directions:
Add the bacon and 1 tablespoon of olive oil to the Le Creuset oven over medium-low heat. Cook for approximately 5 to 6 minutes, stirring occasionally, until much of the fat has rendered off, and the bacon is just beginning to get nice and crispy.
Add onions, stir occasionally, and continue to cook until soft and translucent, 6 to 7 minutes.
Add the sausage, carrots, fennel, chili flakes, and a few good grinds of pepper and continue to cook for approximately 10 minutes, stirring occasionally, breaking up the sausage into small pieces with the back of a wooden spoon as it cooks.
Add 2 tablespoons olive oil, stir in the tomato paste and garlic, and cook for 3 more minutes.
Stir in the tomatoes, chicken stock, beans, 3/4 teaspoon salt, and kale.
Increase the heat to high until the soup starts to simmer. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 30 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
At this point, either go classic by adding the crostini to the soup, continuing to cook for 5 minutes, or simply serve the soup with the crostini on top so that the soup begins to soften the bread. Or serve the soup separately with the crostini on the side.

Submitter: 
Jack
Description: 
Hearty Tuscan Stew
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
