URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64505965/gluten-free-applesauce-crumbcake/
Title:
Gluten Free Applesauce Crumbcake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Crumb Topping:
2/3 cup coconut sugar
1/2 cup melted ghee, or coconut oil
1 cup ground gluten free oats (spin thru mini processor)
1 tablespoon coconut flour
1 cup chopped walnuts or pecans
2 teaspoons cinnamon or more
dash or two of sea salt
*for something different maybe add some shredded unsweetened coconut to this mixture, or even sliced/chopped almonds
Cake mix, dry part:
3 cups gluten free all purpose flour of choice
1/8 cup ground flax seed, or coconut flour
1 cup almond flour (I use fine grind)
1 cup coconut sugar
2 tablespoons cinnamon
1 teaspoon ground ginger
1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice
1/2 teaspoon ground cloves
1  teaspoon sea salt
1 teaspoon xanthan powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 teaspoon baking powder
wet ingredients:
4-5 eggs
3 cups unsweetened applesauce (I use homemade)
1 tablespoon bourbon vanilla extract
1/2 oil, own choice, avocado, olive, sunflower
1/4 cup raw honey, or pure maple syrup

Directions:
Prepare large baking pan, 15x11 inch with no-stick spray.  In glass bowl, prepare crumb topping.  Microwave the ghee or coconut oil until melted, add the coconut sugar and other crumb ingredients for topping, mixing well together.  In very large bowl, put all the "dry" cake ingredients together stirring to mix.  In another medium/large bowl place all the "wet" ingredients and blend well, and add to larger bowl to mix batter well by hand.  Note should be very thick batter.  Pour into the large prepared 15x11 sprayed pan.  Top with prepared crumb topping and gently press down.  Bake in preheated 350 degree oven approximately 45 minutes until knife inserted comes out clean.  Delicious served warm with a non dairy topping or more applesauce and a sprinkle of nutmeg.

Submitter: 
gem bee
Description: 
So sensational no one knows it is gluten free, let alone pretty healthy.  The richness of coconut sugar shines thru into caramel caution!  TOO good to be true.  The sweet crunchy topping is pure sin, enjoy as do all my friends and family.  This is a keeper.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
