URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64506233/goulash/
Title:
Goulash Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1-1/2 cups of dry elbow macaroni
1-1/2 pounds of ground chuck
1 medium onion, chopped
2 medium garlic cloves, minced
1 teaspoon of Italian seasoning
1 teaspoon of seasoning salt (like Lawry's)
1/2 teaspoon of freshly cracked black pepper
1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon of Cajun seasoning (like Slap Ya Mama), or to taste, optional
2 small bay leaves
1 (8 ounce) tomato sauce
Pinch of granulated sugar, optional
2 (14.5 ounce) cans of diced tomatoes, undrained
Red pepper flakes, optional

Directions:
Cook the macaroni according to the package directions for al dente. Reserve two cups of the pasta water; drain macaroni and set aside. Meanwhile, using a lidded skillet, saute the ground beef uncovered until done; drain off any excess fat. Add the onion and garlic and continue sauteing about 5 minutes. Add the Italian seasoning, seasoned salt, pepper, Cajun seasoning, and bay leaves; blend. Add the tomato sauce, undrained diced tomatoes and sugar, scraping up any browned bits in the bottom of the skillet. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to simmer, cover and cook for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Add the cooked, drained macaroni, and stir in enough of the reserved pasta water as needed to loosen; continue to simmer until pasta is warmed through, adding additional pasta water as needed. Sprinkle with red pepper flakes if desired, stir, remove from heat, discard bay leaves and serve immediately.
Cook's Notes: For a cheesy variation, cube 1/2 cup of Velveeta and stir in just before serving, until melted and creamy.
Chili Mac: Add up to 2-1/2 tablespoons of chili powder (or to taste) and 1/2 teaspoon of cumin to the recipe. Stir in 1/2 cup of Velveeta (or shredded cheddar) as noted above, topping with another 1/2 cup. Cover and cook over low until cheese melts. Garnish with sliced green onions, fresh diced tomatoes, sour cream or your other favorite chili toppings.

Submitter: 
Sherrie Rodgers
Description: 
Basic Ground Beef American Goulash - a quick and easy ground beef, macaroni and tomato skillet meal. Stir in 1/2 cup of cubed Velveeta for a cheesy version.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
