URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64503823/slow-cooker-guinness-beef-stew/
Title:
Slow Cooker Guinness Beef Stew Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4-5 red potatoes, skin on, cut into large chunks
5-6 carrots, peeled, sliced into thick chunks
2-3 stalks celery, cut in chunks
2 bay leaves
1.5 lbs stew meat, cubed
1/4 cup flour
1 dash salt
1 dash pepper
1 dash garlic powder
2 -3 tablespoons olive oil
1 medium onion, diced
2-3 large garlic cloves, minced
4 ounces baby portabella mushrooms, halved
8oz (1 can) tomato sauce
8oz low sodium beef broth (half a can)
1/2 (13 g) envelope Lipton Onion Soup Mix
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
1/2 teaspoon creole seasoning
1/2 teaspoon Italian herb seasoning ( Mrs. Dash)
6 oz beer Guinness Stout
1 cup frozen peas

Directions:
Place carrots on bottom of crock pot, then celery, then potatoes.  Add one bay leaf.
Season flour with a dash of salt, pepper and garlic powder and coat the beef with the flour mixture. Heat a couple of tbsp of olive oil over med-high heat in a large skillet and add 1 bay leaf. Sauté beef in batches, just until browned (it took me 2 batches in a 12" skillet).  Add more oil to pan as necessary for each batch. Remove and set aside.
Add onion and garlic to the same pan and sauté over medium heat for a few minutes, then add a small amount of the beef broth to deglaze, scraping up the brown bits on the bottom of the pan.
Add meat and onions to crock pot, top with mushrooms.
In a small mixing bowl, mix remaining beef broth with tomato sauce, onion soup mix, and remaining seasonings.  Add tomato sauce mixture to crock pot.  Pour beer into crock pot.
Cook 8 hours on low heat. Stir in frozen peas when done, they'll heat up on their own.  Serve with crusty French bread.

Submitter: 
HDN
Description: 
A great cold weather meal! It takes a bit of prep work, but it's all pretty easy and you can buy some of the ingredients pre-chopped to save time.  Also, I think it would still taste good if you added more or less of any ingredient - I like carrots in stew, so I added a lot, but it will still be good if you tweak the amounts a bit.  Adapted from www.food.com/recipe/guinness-beef-stew-in-a-crock-pot-259913.  NOTE - you can double this recipe because many of the ingredients require half a can or half a package of something - but I wasn't able to fit a doubled recipe in my crock pot.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
8 h 30 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
