URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64508097/braised-oxtail-and-creamy-polenta/
Title:
Braised Oxtail and Creamy Polenta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 whole oxtail, sliced thickly
Canola oil
BRAISING LIQUID:
Canola oil
1 carrot, cut in 2" slices
3 garlic cloves
1 medium onion, chopped
1 stalk celery, cut in 2" slices
salt to taste
Pinch of thyme
1 whole bottle red wine
2 cups chicken stock
1 bay leaf
POLENTA:
4 tbsp butter
1 cup chopped onion
3 cups chicken stock
1 cup dry polenta
1/4 cup heavy cream or evaporated milk
Parmesan cheese to taste

Directions:
Blot oxtails dry, coat with Canola oil, sprinkle with salt (pepper optional).  Cook 10 minutes at 500 degrees.  Turn over, cook another 10 minutes until meat is browned.
In a stock pot, heat canola oil and saute veggies, salt and thyme until lightly browned and softened.  Add red wine and cook until liquid is reduced by 1/2.   Add cooked oxtails with drippings, 2 cups chicken stock and bay leaf and simmer for 2 hours.
Polenta:  Melt butter and saute onions until translucent.  Add a pinch of salt and 3 cups chicken stock and bring to boil.  Lower heat, add polenta while stirring.   Simmer and stir often until thickened (about 3o minutes).   Add cream and let thicken again.  Stir in parmesan cheese, if desired.
To serve, remove oxtails from stock, pull off the meat and place in a saute pan.  Add a little meat  back to the vegetables and liquid and blend.  There is some ingredient not shown on the show. You can see the liquid change from dark to light. My guess is that cream and/or butter is added.  If sauce is too thick, add chicken stock.   Ladle some sauce into the saute pan with the meat and cook lightly to infuse.
Place polenta in bowl, top with meat and fresh grated parmesan cheese.

Submitter: 
goodeats
Description: 
My best notes for a recipe featured on Guy Fieri's Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
