URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64506277/peach-bellini-cupcakes/
Title:
Peach Bellini Cupcakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Cupcakes
1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature
2 cups sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla
6 egg whites
3 cups all purpose flour
3 teaspoons baking powder
½ teaspoon salt
¾ cup champagne or prosecco
¼ cup peach schnapps
1 medium peach, peeled and diced
Buttercream
¾ cup (1½ sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature
4 cups powdered sugar
¼ cup champagne or prosecco
1 tablespoon milk
1 teaspoon peach schnapps
1 teaspoon vanilla
2-3 drops red food coloring (for a pretty pink color)
Pearl Nonpareils (for garnish)
Bellini
Chilled champagne or prosecco
Fine sugar
Peach schnapps
Fresh peaches, sliced

Directions:
Cupcakes
Preheat oven to 350 F. Line 2 muffin pans with paper liners. In a medium sized bowl whisk flour, baking powder and salt.
In a standing bowl mixer with the paddle attachment cream the butter and sugar for 3-5 minutes until light and fluffy. Add the eggs one at a time, scraping the sides of the bowl after each addition. Beat in the vanilla.
In a liquid measuring cup, combine the champagne and peach schnapps.
With the mixer on low alternate adding the flour mixture and the champagne/peach schnapps in 3 additions, beginning and ending with the flour mixture. Mix until combined.
Gently fold in the diced peaches.
Scoop batter into liners and bake for 25-30 minutes or until a toothpick comes out clean.
Transfer to a wire rack to cool completely before frosting.
Buttercream
Combine the butter and the vanilla in a standing bowl mixer and beat until light and fluffy, 2-3 minutes.
Add the powdered sugar to the standing bowl mixer 1 cup a time, with the mixer on low.
Combine champagne or prosecco and peach schnapps in a small bowl and add to the mixer after the powdered sugar has been incorporated.
Add milk and red food coloring and beat until light and fluffy.
Pipe with a large star tip and add nonpareils as a garnish.
Enjoy with a peach bellini ;)
Bellini
Dip rims of champagne flutes into fine sugar.
Pour 1 ounce of peach schnapps into each glass.
Fill flute with champagne and garnish with a fresh peach slice.

Submitter: 
Sherrie Rodgers
Description: 
Great for Sunday Brunch or for a bridal shower
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
