URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64500611/gorton-french-canadian-pork-spread/
Title:
Gorton, French-Canadian Pork Spread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2614896.jpg
Ingredients:
2 Pounds Pork Butt  finely grounded - with a lot of fat
1 large size onion finely chopped
1 ¾  + cups water, just enough to cover the ground pork
2 ¼  + teaspoons ground cloves   –   add to taste
2 1/8 + teaspoon ground nutmeg   –   add to taste
1  teaspoon Salt   -   add to taste
¾  teaspoon black pepper   -   add to taste

Directions:
Stir the ground pork, onions, water, cloves, nutmeg, salt and pepper together in a large pot.
Bring to a boil over medium-high heat about 30 minutes while stirring and mashing every few minutes;
then reduce heat down to medium-low for at least 1 hour; stirring and mashing every 15 to 20 minutes;
then reduce heat down to simmer for at least 1 to 1 ½  hours, until the pork is tender and most of the liquid has reduced down.
** While the pork is cooking tweak the seasons to taste, cloves, nutmeg, salt and pepper by adding
just a little at a time; stir & mash and let sit for a little while for the flavors to blend in, approx. 5 minutes; then taste again.   (Tweaking the seasoning to taste is the key)
** Use a hand held potato masher to mash the pork mixture every 15 to 20 minutes for about 1 minute
as it cooks.   This will make the meat smooth and spread easier on the bread.
The longer you simmer the Gorton, the better the flavor will be.
Add a splash of water as needed to keep the mixture from boiling dry.
When you're ready to stop cooking, let the liquid reduce down as much as possible without letting it burn.    "Refrigerate the Gorton overnight. "
Bonne Appétit
I tried uploading my picture but it didn't work.

Submitter: 
Helene JC
Description: 
French-Canadian pork spread for any kind of bread, toast or crackers... This was my memere's recipe and has always been a family favorite.  There are different names for this meat spread, Croton, Creton and Gorton, there all pretty much the same. Being a New Englander Groton is the name I've always known 
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
