URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64508089/creamy-pumpkin-grits/
Title:
Creamy Pumpkin Grits Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
BROWN BUTTER:
1/2 cup unsalted butter
3 tbsp fresh thyme or sage leaves, finely chopped
GRITS:
3 tbsp unsalted butter
1 medium onion, very finely chopped
2 1/2 cups water
3 cups whole milk
1 1/4 tsp kosher salt or more, to taste
1/4 tsp ground black pepper or more, to taste
3/4 cup stone-ground grits
1 1/2 cups canned pure pumpkin puree or sweet potato puree
1/2 cup heavy cream, half-and-half or whole milk
1/2 cup finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano

Directions:
MAKE THE BROWN BUTTER:  In a 10-inch skillet, melt the butter over medium heat.  Cook, stirring occasionally, until the foaming subsides and the butter has turned golden brown, about 3-4 minutes.  Add the thyme and cook for 1 minute, stirring.   Pour the butter into a heatproof bowl, cover and set aside.
MAKE THE GRITS:  In the same skillet, melt the 3 tbsp butter over medium-low heat.  Slowly add the grits to the pot in a thin stream while whisking to blend them into liquid.   Reduce the heat and cook the grits at a bare simmer (adjusting heat as necessary), stirring frequently with a long-handled whisk, and scraping the bottom and sides of the pot to prevent scorching, until the grits are thickened to the consistency of porridge, 30-35 minutes.  If the grits become too dry, add more water or some milk.
Add the cooked onion and the pumpkin puree and cook, stirring continuously, for 3 minutes.  Remove from the heat.   Stir in the cream and cheese.  Taste and adjust seasoning as needed.   Spoon into individual cereal or soup bowls and serve immediately, drizzled with the brown butter.

Submitter: 
goodeats
Description: 
Got this from a magazine a couple of years ago.    You can use half-and-half or milk instead of cream - the grits will still be creamy and flavorful.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
