URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64502604/root-vegetable-stew-with-bacon/
Title:
Root Vegetable Stew with Bacon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2618198.jpg
Ingredients:
32 oz. (One Box) Beef Stock
1 lb Bacon, fat removed
A Small Bag of Pearl Onions, peeled and with ends removed
Four Carrots, peeled and chopped
Two Parsnips, peeled and chopped
One Potato, peeled and chopped (optional ingredient)
Butter as necessary to lubricate the pot
One Pot of Water
12 oz. (One Bag) Frozen Corn off the Cob
2 Tbsp Butter, melted
2 Tbsp All-Purpose Flour
2-3 Sprigs of Rosemary
A Topping of Gruyère cheese, grated

Directions:
Bring some water to a boil in a small pot.
Open the bacon packaging, remove the fat, and fry the bacon in the larger pot until crispy, about 15-20 minutes. Once it is done, turn off the burner and set the bacon aside.
Rinse, peel, and chop the carrots and parsnips (and potato if you are using it), and add them to the pot.
Once the water in the smaller pot is boiling, toss the pearl onions in there and boil them for about three minutes (this will peel them). Once they are peeled, strain them and chop the ends off.
Add them to the larger pot, then turn the heat on and sauté the root veggies until they are softened and starting to brown.
If the veggies start to stick to the pot, add some butter to lubricate the pot.
Once the veggies are cooked, add the beef stock to the pot, along with the rosemary (chopped with herb shears) and corn, and heat the mixture until the stock begins to bubble.
Melt 2 Tbsp butter in the microwave, and mix it with 2 Tbsp flour to create a roux. Add the roux to the beef stock and continue mixing and heating until the mixture is more stew-like and less soup-like. Add fried bacon at this point.
Once the mixture is thick, put it in a bowl, grate some Gruyère cheese over it, and serve.

Submitter: 
Chef AidF
Description: 
This was my first attempt at a stew and I think it turned out very nicely. Swiss Cheese Bean Bacon Soup would make a good appetizer for this recipe. It's  a thick, hearty vegetable stew with crispy bacon and a topping of Gruyère cheese.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
50 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
