URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64502694/brasato-al-barolo---braised-chuck-roast-in-red-wine/
Title:
Brasato al Barolo - Braised Chuck Roast in Red Wine Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2943937.jpg
Ingredients:
2 lbs chuck roast
2 large carrots, cut into 1-inch pieces
2 celery stalks, cut into 1-inch pieces
1 medium onion, cut into eighths and the layers separated
5 whole cloves
1 clove of garlic, slightly crushed
1 sprig of rosemary
1 stick of cinnamon
2 bay leaves
10 pepper corns
1 - 75cl bottle of Barolo wine (if you can't find Barolo, use a hearty dry red wine)
1 tsp salt
3 Tbsp olive oil, or more to taste

Directions:
In a large but narrow pot add the following: beef roast, carrot, celery, onion, all the herbs and spices except the salt.
Pour the entire bottle of wine over everything to cover it completely.
Cover the pot and marinate overnight (12 hours) in the refrigerator. After 6 hours turn the meat making sure it still remains completely covered by the wine and vegetables.
The next day, take the meat out of the wine and set aside on a plate. Reserve the liquid with the herbs in a bowl and cover. Set aside for later.
Using paper towels, thoroughly pat dry the meat.
Heat the pot over medium-high heat and add the oil.  Brown the meat on all sides.
Reduce the heat to medium. Using a slotted spoon, take the veggies, herbs and spices from the wine and add it to the browned meat.
Cook together for approx. 8 minutes until the vegetables have become fragrant. Add more oil if necessary to keep from burning.
Add the wine  mixture and the salt. Reduce the heat and simmer for 2-3 hours. Try to avoid opening the lid in order to maintain all the liquid inside for the first two hours.
When the meat literally falls away with a fork, it is done.
Remove the meat from the mixture. Put it aside and keep warm.
For the sauce, cook down the remaining liquid until the desired consistency has been achieved.
Discard cinnamon stick, bayleaves, and rosemary twig.
With an immersion mixer, mix the veggies and remaining herbs/spices adding the salt.
Pour the mixture over the meat and serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Chuck roast marinated overnight then braised in hearty red wine for hours to render a flavourful and succulent meat. This is a traditional dish from Northern Italy typically served on Sundays. Serve with creamy polenta or mashed potatoes. Don't forget to buy two bottles of the wine so you can enjoy one with the meal!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
