URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64500057/pulled-pork-mac-and-cheese/
Title:
Pulled pork mac and cheese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For pulled pork:
4 pound boneless pork shoulder, fat trimmed
1 yellow onion, sliced
1 (12 ounce) can ginger beer/ale (I like to use Vernors)
1-2 cups BBQ sauce
For mac and cheese:
1 pound elbow macaroni
2 tablespoons unsalted butter
2 tablespoons flour
2 cups whole milk, warmed
4 cups shredded sharp cheddar cheese

Directions:
For pulled pork:
In a 6 quart slow cooker add pork shoulder and yellow onion. Pour in ginger ale and cook on low for 5 hours.
Once the pulled pork is tender and can easily be shredded with a fork it's ready.
Pull the pork roast out of the slow cooker, add to a large plate and shred with two forks.
Pour out the juice from the slow cooker and add shredded pork back to the slow cooker. Add in 1 cup BBQ sauce and stir. Add more BBQ sauce if desired or needed. You want the meat to be coated but not dripping with sauce. Cover to keep warm while you prepare the mac and cheese.
For mac and cheese:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees and spray a 9x13 casserole dish with non-stick spray.
Bring a large pot filled with salted water to a boil over high heat.
Add in elbow macaroni and cook just until al dente following box directions. Drain pasta and set aside while you prepare the cheese sauce.
Add a large skillet over medium heat and add butter. Once the butter is melted whisk in flour.
Slowly whisk in milk until smooth. Reduce the heat to low and whisk slowly until the sauce becomes thick and creamy.
Stir in the shredded cheese and stir until completely melted. Turn off the heat and stir in macaroni.
Add macaroni and cheese to the prepared dish and top with pulled pork. Sprinkle on a little extra cheese if desired.
You will have leftover pulled pork so don't be concerned if it does not all get used.
Bake for about 15 minutes just to help warm the mixture through.

Submitter: 
boltfan
Description: 
Pork mac n cheese
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
