URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64513393/apple-thyme-cake-with-salted-caramel-buttercream-icing/
Title:
Apple Thyme Cake with Salted Caramel Buttercream Icing Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2775030.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups all purpose flour
3/4 tsp ground cinnamon
1/2 tsp baking soda
1/4 tsp ground nutmeg
1/4 tsp ground allspice
1/4 tsp salt
1 cup granulated sugar
2/3 cup vegetable oil
2 eggs
2 1/2 tbsp milk
1 tsp vanilla extract
2 medium golden delicious apples, peeled, cored and diced
2 tbsp minced thyme
Icing:
1/2 cup light brown sugar
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1 teaspoon water
5 tablespoons unsalted butter
1/2 cup heavy cream
1 teaspoon sea salt flakes
1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened
2 cup sifted confectioners sugar
optional garnishes:
crisp apple chips (dehydrated sliced apples)
white chocolate crispy balls
toffee bits

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 350°F. Line a 10” round cake pan with parchment paper (or 2 -6 inch cake pans) and lightly grease. Set aside.
2. In a mixing bowl sift together the flour, cinnamon, baking soda, nutmeg, all spice, and salt.
3. In another mixing bowl, whisk together the sugars, oil, eggs, milk, and vanilla.
4. Pour the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients and stir until completely mixed.
5. Fold in the apples and thyme until even distributed throughout the batter.
6. Pour mixture into the prepared cake pan and bake for 20 to 25 minute or until a toothpick comes out clean when inserted into the center of the cake.
7. Allow cake to cool, about 30 minutes to an hour.
Icing:
For salted caramel buttercream: Place both sugars and water into a saucepan and bring to a boil. Boil until sugars melt and become a light golden-amber color. Remove from heat and whisk in 5 tablespoons butter (be careful as mixture will begin to bubble up). Place the mixture back onto the stovetop and cook for an additional minute, while whisking. Remove from heat and slowly pour in cream (mixture will bubble up again). Place the sauce over the heat again and whisk in sea salt. Remove from heat and allow mixture to cool completely.
3. In a large mixing bowl or with a stand mixer beat remaining butter until light and fluffy. Add confectioners sugar and continue to beat until no lumps remain.
4. Slowly pour caramel sauce into the buttercream, while beating, until the caramel sauce has been fully incorporated and the buttercream is light and fluffy.
5. To assemble: Spread a thin layer of buttercream over the top of one of the cake rounds and top with the other round inverted over the top. Spread a thin layer of frosting over the entire cake and refrigerate (this is your crumb coat)for about 1 hour. Spread another thin layer of frosting over the cake and decorate the top with any preferred garnishes. Slice and serve.

Submitter: 
Here's To Good Friends
Description: 
Delicious moist cake with decadent icing
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
