URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64511418/chipotle-peppers-in-adobo-sauce/
Title:
Chipotle Peppers in Adobo Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2748825.jpg
Ingredients:
6 dried chipotle peppers
Boiling water enough just to cover chilies
1/2 cup plain tomato sauce
1 Tbsp brown rice syrup
1 medium white or yellow onion – thinly sliced
2 garlic cloves
1/4 cup distilled white vinegar
½ Tbsp black peppercorns
1 Tbsp Mexican Oregano
1 Tbsp sweet paprika
2 tsp turmeric
Extra water, as needed

Directions:
Thoroughly wash the chipotle peppers, remove the stems (and seeds if desired). Place them in a bowl. Cover them with boiling water and weigh them down with a small plate. Let them soak, covered, for 30 minutes or until completely softened.
Remove 2 of the soaked chipotles, leaving the rest of the peppers in the soaking liquid, and place them in a food processor or blender. Add the tomato puree, the brown rice syrup, and 1/2 cup of the soaking water. Blend until you have a uniform paste.
Add the blended mixture into a stewing pot with the remaining chipotles and remaining soaking waters.
Add the vinegar, onions, garlic, peppercorns, oregano, paprika and turmeric to the pot. Mix well.
Bring to a boil, reduce the heat and allow chipotles to simmer for about 30 minutes. Check them at 30 minutes. If the sauce has dried too much, add extra water as needed.
Continue to simmer until the desired consistency has been achieved.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Not having access to most South American food, I searched for a good method of making my own chipotles in adobe sauce. This has been revised many times and, finally, I think this is better than any canned version I've ever had. I adapted from recipes on the internet;  ingredients  lists of famous canned varieties; and Traci's adobe seasoning mix on AR.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
