URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64517610/bourbon-bread-pudding/
Title:
Bourbon bread pudding Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
See

Directions:
BREAD PUDDING
BREAD PUDDING WITH WARM BOURBON SAUCE
There are as many stories about making bread pudding as there are versions of the timeless dessert. One noted cookbook author says she was inspired to make bread pudding after her husband brought home a bottle of fine single-malt scotch. Our recipe is a more Southern-style approach using crusty French bread baked in a rich custard with bourbon-soaked raisins and brown sugar, drizzled with a warm bourbon sauce.
INGREDIENTS:
Pudding:
1/2 C raisins
3 T bourbon
6 large eggs
1 1/2 C light brown sugar, firmly packed
3 C heavy cream
2 tsp vanilla extract
1 tsp nutmeg
1 tsp cinnamon
1 lb day-old crusty French bread, broken into 1-inch cubes
6 oz butter, meltedSauce:
3 T butter
1/4 C light brown sugar
1 C heavy cream
1/4 C Steen’s cane syrup
3 T bourbon
DIRECTIONS:
Pudding:
Warm raisins and bourbon in a saucepan over low heat for 5 minutes; remove from heat and reserve at room temperature.
In a large mixing bowl, whisk together eggs and sugar. Whisk in cream, vanilla, nutmeg and cinnamon. Place bread cubes into egg and cream mixture. Press lightly. Stir gently, cover and let stand in refrigerator for 1 hour.
Preheat oven to 350° (176°C) and grease a 13"x9" baking dish. Remove from refrigerator; add raisin bourbon mixture and half of butter, stirring gently. Place in greased baking dish, and bake 35-45 minutes until set. Test by inserting a knife into the center; pudding is done when the knife comes out clean.
Brush top with remaining butter. Serve warm with warm sauce.
Sauce
Melt butter in a small saucepan. Whisk in sugar until incorporated, then add cream and cook 3-5 minutes until thickened. Blend in cane syrup and bourbon.
Prep time: 20 minutes
Cook time: 35-45 minutes
Makes 12 servings.
Contact Your Travel Agent or Call		1-800-464-3595
Viking Logo
THE VIKING NETWORK
ORDER A FREE BROCHURE
SIGN UP FOR SPECIAL OFFERS
CONNECT & SHARE

Submitter: 
Ona
Description: 
See
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
