URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64516104/chicken-and-dumplings/
Title:
Chicken and Dumplings Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 fully cooked rotisserie chicken (with skin on; herb chicken is best)
1 tbsp basil
½ tbsp oregano
½ tsp garlic salt
¼ tsp onion powder
6 cups chicken broth made with Better than Bouillon paste
2 cups mixed veggies, frozen (corn, green beans, carrots, peas)
½ cup yellow onion, diced
1 cup all-purpose flour
½ tsp salt
1 cup 2% milk
2 tsp baking powder
1 tsp white sugar
1 tablespoon margarine
salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Remove skin from the chicken (you don’t have to be precise) and set aside on cutting board.
De-bone the chicken (simply rip the flesh off the bones!), shred into bite-size chunks, and set aside 2 cups of shredded meat. Freeze the rest in a baggie for later use
On cutting board, dice chicken skin into small pieces.
Put chicken skin, chicken broth, oregano, basil, onion powder, and garlic salt into stew pot on medium high heat and bring to a rolling boil.
Add frozen vegetables, onion, chicken, and continue to boil.
To make dumplings: stir together salt, flour, sugar, baking powder in mixing bowl. Soften margarine in microwave, add to flour mix and mix thoroughly.  Add milk and whisk until smooth and soft. (The dough will look fairly liquid – this is OK). Drop dough by spoonfuls into rapidly boiling stew pot until mixing bowl is empty, stirring occasionally to break up dough clumps. (Dough will inflate and rise to top of the pot; this is normal! They will cook down and thicken your broth as you boil your stew)
Cover, reduce heat, and allow to simmer for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Serve and enjoy!

Submitter: 
Amanda W
Description: 
This recipe is a spin on my aunt's famous chicken and dumplings. It's hearty with plenty of flavor.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
