URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64517298/lemon-meringue-pie/
Title:
Lemon Meringue Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
eggs 4
cornstarch 1/3 cup
1 1/2 cups water
1 1/3 cups sugar
1/4 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoons butter
1/2 cup lemon juice
1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest
1 (9-inch) pre-baked pie shell
1 pinch cream of tartar
2 tablespoons sugar

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375.
Separate the eggs, saving the whites for the meringue.  Whisk the yolks in a bowl, and set aside.  Make the meringue first by adding the whites and the cream of tartar in a stand mixer. Whisk to soft peaks then add the sugar. Continue to whisk to firm peaks. Set aside.
Combine the cornstarch, water, sugar and salt in a medium saucepan and heat to a boil over medium heat. Boil for 1 minute then remove from heat.  Take 1/2 cup of the mixture and whisk it into the egg yolks. Return the yolks to the saucepan and combine. Cook over low heat for one minute, then remove from heat and add butter, lemon juice, and zest. Combine well, then immediately put into a pre-baked pie shell.
Top immediately with the meringue  making sure the meringue touches the crust all around to prevent shrinking. Put into preheated oven and bake for 10-12 minutes. Doing these steps quickly is critical to preventing liquid forming when your meringue cools. The excess liquid comes from uncooked Meringue at the layer of the lemon curd. You want the hot lemon curd to begin cooking the egg whites right off the bat.

Submitter: 
Robert Loughrey
Description: 
A lemon Meringue Pie Recipe. The Cream of Tartar in the meringue prevents the fluid build up many have problems with.  This will make a relatively thin pie, if you want it thick double the recipe and use as much of the meringue as you want on top of the doubled lemon curd. Original recipe by Alton Brown, tweaked by me.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
