URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64514440/peperoncini-sottaceto-di-zio-isidoro/
Title:
Peperoncini sott'aceto di zio Isidoro Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2969208.jpg
Ingredients:
500g fresh, green cayenne peppers, whole (Tipo Calabria-lunghi)
800ml distilled, white vinegar (no substitutions on this one)
160ml filtered water
2 cloves of garlic, or to taste
4 fresh pearl onions, or to taste
30g rock salt (he uses sea salt but I think pickling salt might be best)
1 fresh red cayenne pepper, whole (optional)
2 Tbsp baking soda, or as needed
1 tsp multicolore peppercorns
1 trig of fresh thyme, washed
1 sprig fresh oregano, washed
1 one-litre canning jar with hermetic lid, sterilized

Directions:
Wash each of the peppers with the baking soda. Rinse well. Cut at least two of the peppers in half or cut more if they are too long to fit in the jar. When cutting them, cut them in equal halves. Leave the seeds intact.
Peel the garlic and the onions, leaving them whole. Set aside.
Put the water and vinegar in a large pot and begin to heat over medium-high heat. When the liquid begins to warm, small bubbles form on the bottom of the pan, add the salt, peppercorns, garlic, and onions. Boil the mixture for about 2 minutes, until fragrant and the salt has completely melted. Use a wooden spoon to stir. Turn down the heat to medium-low and add immediately add all the peppers. Allow to simmer for 5 minutes. Make sure there is always liquid covering the peppers and other ingredients.
After the five minutes has passed, turn off the heat. Put the peppers into the jar one-by-one making sure they all fit properly and do not stick out. With a slotted spoon, take out the peppercorns, garlic and onions and put them inside with the peppers. Add the sprig of thyme and oregano. Pour the liquid into the jar.
Close the lid over the jar and continue the canning process as required by the type of jars you use. In Italy, the jars are from Bormioli Rocco, i Quattro Stagioni and require only to be sealed, then turned upside down for 15 minutes. Wait at least 2 weeks before opening and eating. Once opened the peppers are good for up to 1 month in the refrigerator. The onions and garlic are edible.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
A recipe for pickled, Italian cayenne peppers from my Uncle Isidoro in Sicily, who never buys commercial products. He grows his own herbs and peppers and the whole family helps in canning the peppers every year. A traditional recipe from a traditional Sicilian family man. Make sure you check each pepper for freshness and no signs of mold.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
