URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64511101/chicken-pot-pie-casserole/
Title:
Chicken Pot Pie Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 rotisserie chickens-shredded
1 large plus 1 small can cream of chicken soup (concentrate)
3 cups milk
1 tsp. salt
2 tsp. pepper
1 Tbsp. onion powder
2 tsp. garlic powder
2 Tbsp. dried minced onion
2 Tbsp. dried parsley flakes
1 Tbsp. chicken base
7 oz. no-cook lasagna noodles-broken into pieces
1 can refrigerated butter biscuit dough (quarter each biscuit)
8 ounces shredded cheddar cheese, divided in half
4 ounces shredded italian blend cheese
1 tsp. salt (reserve until end)
1 tsp. pepper (reserve until end)
1 tsp. onion powder (reserve until end)
2 tsp. parsley flakes (reserve until end)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
In a large mixing bowl, combine the soup, milk, and seasonings--stirring until smooth.  Add the broken noodles and stir to combine.  Add the chicken and gently fold everything together.
Grease a large oven proof casserole dish.  Carefully pour the chicken mixture into the dish, smoothing out the top evenly.  Bake in the preheated oven for 25-35 minutes, or until the noodles are almost tender.   Top with half of the cheddar cheese and all of the italian blend.  Top that with the an even single layer of the biscuit dough chunks.  Sprinkle the remaining cheddar cheese evenly over the biscuit dough.  Sprinkle the top with reserved seasonings.  Put the casserole back into the oven and continue baking 15-20 minutes or until the biscuit  dough is thoroughly cooked.  If the edges start to get too brown, tent with foil.
Remove from oven and let cool for 5-10 minutes.  Serve and enjoy!

Submitter: 
JRS_cook
Description: 
This combines Pennsylvania Dutch noodle pot pie with a more traditional crust style pot pie for a hearty and comforting meal.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
