URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64514142/better-than-green-bean-casserole-asparagus/
Title:
Better Than Green Bean Casserole (Asparagus) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 lb fresh asparagus, stems removed and cut into 2" long pieces
6 Tbsp butter, unsalted
1 yellow onion, finely diced
4 cloves garlic, minced
16 oz button mushrooms, finely chopped
2 tsp kosher salt
6 Tbsp whole-wheat flour
1 tsp black pepper * (optional)
2 cup chicken broth (low sodium)
2 cups half  and half
6 oz canister fried onions, pureed in food processor

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees and place a rack in the center of the oven. Butter a  9" x 13" casserole dish and set aside.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add the cut asparagus and parboil for 3 minutes. Drain the asparagus and run under cool water to stop the cooking process and set them aside.
Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat then add the onion once butter is melted. Cook for about 2-3 minutes then add the garlic and mushrooms. Season the mixture with 2 tsp kosher salt and 1 tsp black pepper if using and continue cooking for an additional 6-8 minutes until the moisture from the mushrooms has evaporated and the edges become golden brown.
Sprinkle the mixture with the flour and stir to combine. Cook the flour for about 2 minutes before adding the chicken broth. Add the broth slowly while stirring and continue stirring until the flour dissolves completely. Once the mixture comes to a boil, reduce the heat to medium-low and continue to simmer for about 2 minutes.
Stir in the half-and-half and simmer for about 5 minutes. Add the asparagus to the skillet and stir to coat thoroughly in the sauce before transferring to the prepared casserole dish.
Bake the casserole for about 30 minutes until the edges begin to bubble and the casserole is hot throughout. Top the casserole with the pureed/crumbled fried onions and bake an additional 30 minutes until the topping becomes a nice deep golden color.
Remove the casserole from the oven and allow to rest for 5 minutes before serving. Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Apron Appeal
Description: 
Swap out the green beans with fresh asparagus and make this classic from scratch instead of a can and you have deliciousness that will win the toughest critic at your family table
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
