URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64511062/easy-gingerbread-house/
Title:
Easy Gingerbread House Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2739636.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups butter or stick margarine, not tub (1 pound)
2 cups brown sugar
1 cup molasses
1 cup dark corn syrup
1 teaspoon salt
4 teaspoons cinnamon
2 teaspoons nutmeg
2 teaspoons ginger
1 teaspoon mace (optional)
2 tablespoons grated lemon rind (optional, very nice)
12 cups sifted all-purpose flour

Directions:
Prepare the base for your gingerbread house. Cover heavy cardboard with aluminum foil or freezer paper, dull side up.  Gather the candies, cookies and other items for decorating. Decide upon a pattern, many can be found online. Cut pattern pieces out of heavy cardboard or cardstock paper, labeling each piece.  Three large cookie baking pans, greased on the back are needed (or you might use rimless cookie sheets, greased.) Also needed: a wire rack for cooling. Possible dimensions to use: Roof 11.5 x 6.5 inches;  Side wall 10 inches wide, 5 inches high; Peaked wall: 5 inches wide, 5 inches wide, angled edge 5 inches long.
Place the butter, brown sugar, molasses and corn syrup in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat. Stir until all ingredients are melted. Add salt, spices and lemon rind, stirring to blend. Remove from heat. Pre-measure the flour into a large bowl. Add flour to butter mixture 2 cups at a time, stirring to blend, adding and blending last by hand to create a warm, firm mass of dough. Keep dough covered. Place a large handful of dough on greased back of large cookie sheet. Roll out to 1/8-inch thickness.Dust cardboard or cardstock pattern pieces lightly with flour and place on dough. Cut around pattern with sharp knife. Remove left-over dough, placing it in covered pan so it won't dry out.On wall pieces, cut out any doors or windows desired. Use extra dough to create shutters, door knobs or other features.
Bake large pieces for 12-15 minutes at 350 degrees. If baking small pieces (ie, chimney), 5-7 minutes. Bake until firm and slightly browned at edges. Immediately after removing cookie sheet from oven place cardboard pattern piece over the baked piece and trim excess with sharp knife to produce clean edges.  Keep trimmings, they are delicious and can be used in decorating.Cool pieces on pan until quite firm. Finish cooling on wire rack.
To assemble the house: Melt 2 cups granulated sugar in a large frying pan. Use very low heat to keep sugar from burning and stir constantly until sugar is melted. This can take a few minutes. With the base at hand, carefully dip the bottoms and one side edge of two wall pieces, avoiding any contact with the syrup as it is very hot and sticky.  Immediately transfer the pieces to the base, at 90 degree angles with each other and perpendicular to the base.   The syrup cools immediately and is unforgiving. Dip and add the two remaining walls. Drizzle syrup/glue over peaks, center one roof piece at a time on the peaked edges. Alt: use royal icing to assemble.
Royal Icing: 1 pound powdered sugar, 3 egg whites, 1 teaspoon cream of tartar, drop of white vinegar. Combine and beat until stiff and shiny, 7-10 minutes

Submitter: 
KathyMayhewHall
Description: 
This easy recipe will give you one sturdy and aromatic gingerbread house with dough left over for cookies. Once you try this it will become a happy holiday tradition.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 or 2 d
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
