URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64519348/snickers-fudge/
Title:
Snickers Fudge Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2883529.jpg
Ingredients:
First Layer:
·         1 cup milk chocolate chips
·         ¼ cup creamy peanut butter
Second Layer:
·         4 tablespoons butter
·         1 cup sugar
·         ¼ cup evaporated milk
·         1 ½ cups marshmallow crème
·         ¼ cup creamy peanut butter
·         1 teaspoon vanilla extract
·         1 cup salted peanuts, chopped
Third Layer:
·         14-oz. bag caramels, unwrapped
·         ¼ cup evaporated milk
Fourth Layer:
·         1 cup milk chocolate chips
·         ¼ cup creamy peanut butter

Directions:
Spray a 9x13" glass pan with cooking spray and set aside.
FIRST LAYER: In a small bowl, combine chocolate chips and peanut butter. Heat in the microwave in 30 seconds and stir. Microwave again for 30 seconds and stir until creamy (you may need to repeat microwaving one more time).  Pour in an even layer into the bottom of the prepared pan. Place pan in freezer.
SECOND LAYER: In a medium saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Stir in the sugar and evaporated milk and bring to a boil. Cook, stirring constantly, for 3 minutes. Remove from heat and immediately stir in marshmallow crème, peanut butter and vanilla. Add peanuts and stir until incorporated. Pour mixture over the chocolate layer from the freezer and spread evenly. Place back in freezer.
THIRD LAYER: Add the caramels and evaporated milk to a small saucepan. Cook over medium-low heat, stirring constantly, until caramel is melted and smooth (I have heard that you can also do this in the microwave, but I have never tried it). Remove pan from freezer and pour caramel over the second layer. Place back in freezer.
FOURTH LAYER: In a small bowl, combine chocolate chips and peanut butter. Repeat microwaving intervals used for the first layer. Stir until creamy and pour in an even layer onto the top.  Refrigerate for at least 1 hour and cut into squares when ready to serve

Submitter: 
US92
Description: 
A sweet treat reminiscent of the that delicious candy bar we all love!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
