URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64529808/nut-roll/
Title:
Nut Roll Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the Dough:
3 1/2 tsp yeast
2 Tbsp warm water
3 eggs
1 cup sour cream
1 cups unsalted butter, melted and cooled
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/4 teaspoon salt
5 cups all-purpose flour
Filling:
1 1/4 cup sugar
1 stick butter
1/2 cup milk
1 pound walnuts, ground fine
1 tsp vanilla
1 egg

Directions:
1. Soften the yeast by placing it in the warm water and letting it sit for about 5 minutes.
2. In the bowl of a stand mixer, beat the eggs on medium speed until combined, about a minute. Add the sour cream, melted butter, sugar, vanilla, salt and the softened yeast. Mix on medium speed until smooth and well-combined, about 2 to 3 minutes. Reduce the mixer speed to low and add the flour a little at a time until it is all incorporated, and continue to mix until the dough does not stick and pulls away from the sides of the bowl
3. Divide the dough into four pieces.
4. Heat sugar, butter, & milk until sugar dissolves. Stir in ground walnuts & vanilla. Add milk if the filling is too thick.
5. On a very well-floured surface and one at a time, roll each piece out into a rectangle roughly 9x-14 inches. Spread the filling to within about an inch of the edges. With the long side in front of you, roll up tightly and pinch the seams shut.Place on baking sheets that are lined with parchment paper or that have been greased (2 rolls per sheet). Cover loosely with plastic wrap. Repeat with all pieces of dough. Let raise for 3 hours.
6. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bake one pan at a time for 20 minutes, or until the tops are lightly browned. Cool completely before slicing. Wrap leftovers in plastic wrap. To Freeze: Wrap tightly in plastic wrap, and then in foil.

Submitter: 
Kimberly
Description: 
Recipe to make Grandma Rau's Nut Roll... adapted from various places!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
3.5 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
