URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64529355/grandmas-kugula/
Title:
Grandma's Kugula Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8 medium potatoes
1 lb ham steak, cubed
1 small onion, thinly sliced
5 tbsp butter, divided
2 tbsp all-purpose (gluten free) flour
1 cup milk or dairy free alternative
1/2 cup water
6 eggs
2 cups shredded cheddar cheese (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350° F.
Prepare a 13x9" baking dish or two 1.5-2.5 qt casserole dishes by coating with cooking spray and a light dusting of flour.
In a large skillet, melt two tbsp. butter over medium low heat. Add onion and coat with butter. Stir or flip occasionally until onions are caramelized, about 15 minutes. Set onions and melted butter mixture aside.
Preheat the same skillet to medium high, and add the cubed ham. Stir constantly until ham is well browned, five minutes. Set ham aside.
Allow the skillet to cool to medium low, and add the remaining 3 tbsp butter. Add the flour (gluten free works as well as wheat flour), while whisking briskly. Once the roux thickens, one to two minutes, remove skillet from heat. Add the milk slowly, and then water, whisking continuously until smooth. Add more or less water until liquid is pourable. Allow the batter to cool 10 minutes.
Beat 6 eggs, and add to the cooled batter, whisking briskly until smooth. Add the ham/onion/butter mixture into the batter and mix.
Meanwhile, make a 1:4 dilution of vinegar that can be used to coat the potatoes as they are grated. This can be done in a large bowl, or using a spray bottle, if available.
Peel and grate the potatoes, spraying the grated potatoes with vinegar, after each potato. Coat the potato liberally and quickly with the vinegar solution to prevent graying.
Pat down half the potatoes into the prepared baking dish(es) and then layer half the ham/onion batter on top. Repeat with the rest of the potatoes and batter. Cover with shredded cheese.
Bake covered for an hour and 15 minutes if in one large pan, and about 45 minutes for two smaller casseroles. Remove cover, and bake for an additional 15 minutes to brown cheese.

Submitter: 
Guinevere Murphy
Description: 
My Grandma Murphy (née Buddrick) made this dense, rich potato dish for holidays. Updated for 21st century food sensitivities.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
