URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64520301/braised-chickpeas-in-coconut-milk-with-sweet-potatoes/
Title:
Braised Chickpeas in Coconut Milk with Sweet Potatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2901385.jpg
Ingredients:
2 sweet potatoes, halved lengthwise
3 teaspoons oil, divided
1 small yellow onion, diced
4 large cloves garlic, peeled and minced
1 tablespoon grated ginger, from a 3-inch piece
1 tablespoon red curry paste or harissa
1/2 cup tomatoes, canned (drained), sun-dried or fresh - chopped
1 large lemon, zested and juiced (about 2 tablespoons juice)
1 (15-ounce) can chickpeas, drained and rinsed
1 pound greens such as kale or chard, chopped
1 (14-ounce) can coconut milk
1 teaspoon salt, or to taste
To serve:
Cilantro leaves, to garnish
Feta cheese, to garnish

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Place potatoes on baking sheet, cut side down.  Coat all sides with 1 tsp oil and salt.  Roast in oven 25 minutes, flipping half way through. Set aside.
While potatoes are roasting, heat the oil in a large, deep Dutch oven or heavy pot over medium-high heat. Add the onion and cook for about 5 minutes, or until the onion is beginning to brown. Add the garlic, ginger, tomatoes, lemon zest, and curry paste/ harissa. Cook for 3 minutes, stirring frequently.
Add the chickpeas and cook over high heat for a few minutes, or until the chickpeas are beginning to turn golden and they are coated with the onion and garlic mixture.
Pour in the coconut milk, salt, and lemon juice. Bring to a simmer, then turn down the heat and cook for 10 minute. Toss in the greens, one handful at a time. This will take about 5 minutes; stir in a handful or two and wait for it to wilt down and make room in the pot before adding the next handful.. Taste and add more salt and lemon juice, if necessary.
Serve hot over roasted sweet potatoes, with cilantro leaves and crumbled feta cheese to garnish.

Submitter: 
Cally
Description: 
One of our consistent favorites.  This dish has a perfect balance of flavors and can be altered to whatever veggies you have on hand.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
