URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64526564/awesome-marinated-roast-turkey/
Title:
Awesome Marinated Roast Turkey Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4574962.jpg
Ingredients:
Wet Ingredients:
1/2 Cup of olive oil
1/4 Cup of soy sauce
1/4 Cup of prepared yellow mustard
1 TBS of lemon juice concentrate
1 TBS of minced garlic
1 tsp of liquid smoke (optional)
Dry Ingredients:
3 TBS of Poultry seasoning
2 TBS of minced onions
1 TBS of dry mustard
1 TBS Italian spice seasoning blend
1 TBS of parsley spice
2 tsp of course ground black pepper
2 tsp sage spice
2 tsp of paprika
1 tsp of marjoram
1 tsp of salt
Also needed: (2) large turkey oven bags (1 to marinate in, the other to use when cooking), 1 TBS flour to dust bag, cake cooling rack, oven turkey roasting pan (I use aluminum, makes clean up easy and I don't have to store a large pan the rest of the year).

Directions:
Trim off any excess fat/skin. Wash bird well, remove all innards/giblets, turkey neck; save if you are going to use them to make gravy, otherwise discard, pat bird dry, inside and out.
Blend all marinade wet and dry ingredients, heat to warm and blend either in microwave or on stove but do not let it scorch until it comes to a low simmer, should form a wet paste.
Put Turkey in 1st oven bag.
Pour/rub marinade ingredients all over, making sure to get between skin, inside cavity of bird.
Fold back wings, keep legs tied, put bird breast up in bag, seal bag tightly.
Put this inside a trash bag in case it leaks, keeping it from getting all over the refrigerator.
Let bird marinate overnight in bag, in the pan ready to go in oven, rotate several times if possible.
Put 1 TBS of flower in 2nd turkey roasting oven bag, shake to coat insides. Put a cake cooling rack (coat w/ cooking spray to keep from sticking) under bag to help raise bird off bottom, set inside of turkey roasting pan.
Transfer turkey from marinating bag to clean cooking bag. Pour any excess marinade left on top of turkey and spread evenly.
Tie off bag and trim any excess beyond tie;
Puff up bag to keep it off skin as much as possible.
Remove middle rack and put rack/roasting pan in lowest oven position.  Preheat oven to 325, cook approximately 12.5 minutes per LB until core is up to 160 degrees, Before putting pan on oven, put 6 @ 1/2" long knife slits in bag around perimeter of breast to allow for venting.
At half way point turn pan around 180 degrees in oven to allow even cooking in case oven has hot spots. Oven bag will suggest 350, I have found this cooks the bird too hot, too fast with less forgiveness.
Pull out of oven, use scissors to cut slit in bag across top to allow it to sit for 30 minutes, tent a piece of aluminum foil over bird to help trap heat and moisture back in.
I usually go top down, starting with removing each breast half, and the cross cut against grain into portion slices, then cut drumsticks and present them whole, then remove thighs and wings and proceed to scrape and cut into portions.
I will drizzle just a little of the pan drippings over cut portions in pan, helps to give the white meat a little more flavor and moisture.

Submitter: 
Keith Hill
Description: 
The end result, YUM!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
