URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64523124/sake-and-ginger-soba-noodle-stir-fry/
Title:
Sake and Ginger Soba Noodle Stir Fry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3/4 cup sake, divided
1/4 cup + 2 tablespoons low sodium soy sauce, divided
2 tablespoons fresh ginger, grated
2 cloves garlic, minced or grated
2 teaspoons sambal oelek (chili paste)
2 tablespoons sesame oil, plus more for cooking
1 1/2 pounds salmon, cut into bit size pieces
6 green onions, chopped
2 bunches broccolini, stalks halved lengthwise (or use a bag of fresh broccoli florets - steam them for 2 minutes so they are slightly undercooked before adding to stir-fry)
1 1/2 cups frozen edamame
1 (3 ounce) box soba noodles (I used an 8oz box of rice noodles and it was good)
2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds
1/4 cup roasted cashews

Directions:
In a medium bowl, combine 1/4 cup of the sake, 1/4 cup of the soy sauce, the ginger, garlic sambal oelek and sesame oil. Whisk until combined, now add the salmon and gently toss. Allow the salmon to sit in the marinade for 10-30 minutes.
Meanwhile cook the soba noodle according to package directions, draining and then rinsing with cold water to stop the cooking.
Heat about a tablespoon of sesame oil in a wok or high sided skillet over high heat. Drain half the salmon from the marinade and cook, turning for 2-3 minutes until just cooked and lightly caramelized. Be careful when turing the salmon as it is delicate. Remove and repeat with the remaining salmon. Cover the salmon loosely with foil and let rest 5 minutes.
Add another tablespoon of oil to the wok. Add the green onions and stir fry for 2 minutes . Add the 1/4 cup sake, broccolini, edamame and the reserve marinade. Cook, stirring, for 3-5 minutes until liquid has reduced slightly. Add the remaining 1/4 cup of sake and remaining 2 tablespoons of soy sauce. Toss the soba noodles, along with the salmon and all of the juices from the salmon, into the wok. Toss well, cook another 3-4 minutes or until warmed throughout and the sauce has thickened. Serve with sesame seeds and cashews.

Submitter: 
HDN
Description: 
A healthy stir-fry recipe. . .tastes great as leftovers too! Taken from Half Baked Harvest Website www.halfbakedharvest.com/sake-ginger-soba-noodle-salmon-stir-fry
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
