URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64520158/barbari-bread/
Title:
Barbari Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2895642.jpg
Ingredients:
hot and cold water
1 tablespoon sugar
3 packets rapid rise yeast
5-6 cups bread flour
nagiri seeds
white sesame seeds
1 teaspoon baking soda

Directions:
In a medium size bowl with a tight fitting lid, put almost an even tablespoon white sugar with 3 packets rapid dry Fleischman's yeast (=3 Tablespoons) and 1 cup of 40 degree celsius water (98.6ish Fahrenheit). Mix it around only a little bit with a spoon.  Cover it up with a blanket and let it sit there for 30 minutes.
When you look at the yeast/ water mixture  it should be bubbly and move around a lot.
Next, sprinkle two cups of bread flour onto yeast mixture. Add one cup cold water.  Add another cup of bread flour. Using a spoon, stir the mixture. It will be clumpy. Add another 3/4 cup bread flour and stir with spoon. Add 1 teaspoon or so salt depending on your preference. Add another 1/4 cup water. Continue to stir, scraping the side of the bowl to get all the flour. Add another cup of bread flour, and continue to stir with the spoon. After a minute or so, start to use your hands to go around the bowl and fold the dough on top of itself, pushing it around and kneading it inside the bowl. Use flour to help with the stickiness on your hands. Continue to push the dough around and fold it on top of itself, adding a little flour as you go.
Once its folded well, put the lid on it again and fold up the bowl with a blanket again. Let sit for 30 minutes. After 30 minutes, the dough will have risen.
Put some flour on a flat surface and using your hand, take about a softball to baseball size piece of the fluffy dough and knead it into a ball and set aside on the table. Do this with the remaining dough. You will have 3 large balls of dough and one medium size. Gather the ends of the dough ball under itself with your fingers.
In a small saucepan, put 3/4 tablespoon flour and 1/4 cup hot water and mix away any clumps with a spoon. Next take 1/4 teaspoon baking soda and mix it in. Add another 3 or 4 tablespoons water. Continue to stir and put on stovetop until it thickens. Set aside.
Place six bricks inside your oven. Turn on your oven to 365 degrees.
Take a dough ball and press it down with your fingers, using the wet mixture to spread it out from the middle to the edges, try to create an oval shape that looks like the outside shape of a racetrack. Using a spoon, take some of the water/ baking soda/ flour mixture and spread over the top of it, spreading out the dough to about 7 inches by 5 inches.
Now, place the fingers as if you will be typing, but put the fingers all together so the knuckles are flush and the finger tips are curled down. Lengthwise across the dough, lightly push your fingers down into the dough, forming little ditches by making little dots with the fingers. This should form 4-5 little ditches spaced a half inch to inch apart going lengthwise across the dough. Sprinkle white sesame seeds and black nagiri seeds all over the dough.
Fina

Submitter: 
Kim Rice
Description: 
From wikipedia:
Barbari means of or related to Barbars in Persian language. Barbars are a group of people living in Khorasan near eastern borders of Iran. According to Dehkhoda Dictionary of Persian Language, this bread was baked by the Barbar (Hazara) people and was brought to Tehran, becoming popular during the Qajar period. In Iran, the Hazaras were known as Barbari (barbarian, foreign, uncivilized), which they resented. Reza Shah of Iran granted them the name of Khavari (Easterners) through a decree, and since then, the name Barbari has been abandoned and no longer applies to th
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1.5 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
