URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64520669/lemon-meringue-pie/
Title:
Lemon Meringue pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Crust
1 ½ c Flour
3 T sugar
¼ t salt
1 stick of butter (8 T) softened
1 egg
2-3 T water, cold
Lemon Curd
½ c water
½ c sugar
¼ t salt
½ c lemon juice
2T lemon zest
½ c sugar
6 egg yolks
1/2 c cornstarch
½ c water
1 T butter
Meringue
6 egg whites
2/3 c sugar
¼ c powdered sugar

Directions:
1. Mix flour, sugar, and salt. Cut in butter until it’s small like little peas, add egg, stir and add water as necessary.
2. Preheat oven to 375? F, roll out crust on a floured surface. Place dough in pie plate. Using a fork poke holes in the crust so it doesn’t get bubbles. Line inside of the crust with foil, and place dried beans or rice inside the foil for weight, bake for 15 min.
3. Remove the contents and foil, bake for 15 more, or until brown. Cool completely and set aside.
Filling
1. Get everything ready first! Place first 5 ingredients in a middle sized sauce pan.
2. In a separate container mix ½ c sugar, ½ c corn starch. In another bowl mix eggs yolks and water (save the egg whites in a medium sized bowl, and place in fridge) Now mix those 2 containers together until slightly foamy. Set butter aside
3. After crust is finished baking, bring first 5 ingredients to a boil, temper the eggs by lowering the temperature of the eggs, add a bit to the egg mixture, then place everything into sauce pan. Bring to a low simmer, stirring constantly until thickened. Remove from heat and add butter.
4. Place curd in pie crust, cover with plastic wrap tightly, the plastic wrap touching the top of the filling to prevent a crust.
5. Cool completely
Meringue
1. Using your beater, whip egg whites until they start getting foaming. Slowly add sugar to egg whites as you beat them.
2. Beat until stiff peaks form, remove plastic wrap, cover with meringue-make sure to touch the crust all the way around.
3. Don’t make it smooth, make little hills of meringue, dust with powdered sugar.
4. Bake at 325? F for about 20 min, turning the pan every 5 until the top is browned

Submitter: 
Zhora Autumn
Description: 
My mom's favorite pie in the world
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
5 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
