URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64523473/german-pfeffernusse-cookies/
Title:
German Pfeffernusse Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3016993.jpg
Ingredients:
½ cup molasses
¼ cup honey
¼ cup shortening
¼ butter
¾ cup white granulated sugar
½ cup brown sugar
2 teaspoons anise extract
2 eggs
4 cups all-purpose flour
1 ½ teaspoons ground cardamom
1 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1 teaspoon allspice
1 teaspoon ground cloves
1 teaspoon ground ginger
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
2 teaspoon ground white pepper
½ teaspoon salt
1 ½ teaspoons baking soda
1 cup icing sugar for dusting

Directions:
Stir together the molasses, honey, shortening, butter, white sugar, brown sugar and anise extract in a saucepan over medium heat; cook and stir until creamy.  Remove from heat and cool to room temperature.  Beat the eggs and stir into molasses mixture (Ensure the mixture has cooled to room temperature or you will have scrambled eggs)
In a large bowl, combine and sift the flour, cardamom, nutmeg, allspice, cloves, ginger, cinnamon, baking soda, pepper, and salt.  Add the molasses mixture and stir until thoroughly combined.  Refrigerate at least 2 hours. (3 - 4 hours is best)
Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Roll the dough into 1-in. balls (no larger).  In a small bowl add icing sugar.  Roll each ball of dough in the icing sugar, then arrange on baking sheets covered with parchment paper, spacing at least 1 inch apart
Bake in preheated oven 10 to 15 minutes.  Cool for 10 minutes on baking sheet.  Then move cookies to a rack to cool and sprinkle icing sugar over each cookie.  These cookies freeze well.  Yields: about 3 dozen cookies

Submitter: 
rquill67
Description: 
This cookie is part of my 12 Days of Christmas: Holiday and Celebration Cookies from Around the World collection that I make every year to give as gifts for the holiday season.  While the  Pfeffernusse Cookie is of German origin it is enjoyed all over the world, and specifically in Germany, Denmark and the Netherlands.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
48
Nutritional Facts:
NA
