URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64520474/luis-zucchini-leek-pho/
Title:
Lui's Zucchini Leek Pho Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2900642.jpg
Ingredients:
1 leek
2 zucchini
3 celery stalks
3 carrots
1 cup sliced mushrooms or 1 can
1/2 cup cilantro, chopped
2 tbsp lime juice, also at table for seasoning
2 cloves minced garlic
1 tsp ground ginger
1 tsp curry powder (may substitute turmeric, allspice and coriander or similar)
Cayenne pepper, salt and pepper to taste
8 cups chicken broth or stock
2 tbsp cooking oil
Optional: black olives, green onions, more leek, leftover chicken or pan-cooked chicken.

Directions:
(Note: all vegetables are assumed to be large; if you have small to medium on hand, adjust accordingly.) Wash and peel zucchini. Spiralize to spaghetti or hand-cut to noodle form; a mandolin can get wide thin strips which can be cut to fettucini or thinner with a knife. Set aside.
Clean leek, celery and carrots, and slice into about 1/4-inch pieces. Mince garlic.
In a large stock pot, heat oil and garlic on medium-high for 2-3 minutes, stirring. Increase heat and add chicken stock, bring to the boil. (If you're prepping from chicken bouillon cubes, dissolve cubes in a small bowl with warm water, then add it and the rest of the water to make a gallon to the stock pot.)
Add carrots and let cook for about 5-7 minutes, stirring occasionally, adding the powdered seasonings as you go (cayenne pepper, ginger, curry, salt and black pepper), then the lime juice.
Add the zucchini noodles, leeks, celery, and mushrooms, stirring occasionally until it boils again. Lower heat to a gentle boil and let cook about 10 minutes. During this time you can check for seasonings and adjust to taste.  In the last couple of minutes you can gradually add any of the optional ingredients.
Serve by piling the zucchini noodles and vegetables into bowls first with tongs or pasta forks (trust me on this!), then ladle or spoon the liquid over them. Top with cilantro and put cilantro and lime on the table so folks can add more to their dishes. Water crackers or hard-crusted dipping bread are nice on the side. And if anyone is suffering from a head cold, just leaning over their hot bowl inhaling the vapors is soothing therapy!

Submitter: 
Lui Maravilla
Description: 
This was perfect when the family was down with colds! The zucchini replaces noodles in the soup and no one even realizes it until you tell them...
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
