URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64524935/eggnog-holiday-scones/
Title:
Eggnog Holiday Scones Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2971315.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups all-purpose flour
2 tablespoons granulated sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 cup cold unsalted butter, cut into cubes
3/4 cup and 1 tablespoon eggnog
1/2 cup white chocolate chips
Eggnog wash and sugar coating:
1 - 2 tablespoons course sugar or colored confetti sugar
3 tablespoons eggnog
Glaze:
1/2 cup icing sugar
1 tablespoon eggnog

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425 degrees
Stir flour with sugar, baking powder, salt and nutmeg in a large bowl.  Whisk dry ingredients until combined.  Work in butter until crumbly.  A trick to easy workable butter is to take the stick of unsalted butter directly from the freezer and use a cheese grater and grate the butter right into the bowl.  Works great and you don't have to wait for the butter to thaw.  Pour in 3/4 cup and 1 tablespoon of eggnog, and stir until just mixed. Stir in white chocolate chips just until combined
Form dough into two separate balls.  Place dough balls on baking surface (counter top), and pat dough into two 1-in thick circles.  Cut each circle into 8 triangle-shaped scones.  Arrange 1-in. apart on a large baking sheet lined with parchment paper
Use 3 tablespoons of eggnog and brush the top of each scone.  Then sprinkle the top of each scone with course sugar (or colored confetti sugar). Bake in the center of the oven until golden (13 - 15 minutes).  Transfer to a wire rack.  Let cool for 30 minutes.  *Hint: Use a baking sheet lined with wax paper and then place the wire rack on top.  That way, after the scones have cooled, you can glaze the scones on the wire rack with little or no mess.  Quick clean-up
Stir icing sugar with 1 tablespoon of eggnog in a small bowl until combined to make the glaze.  Drizzle the glaze over scone.  Makes 16 small scones

Submitter: 
rquill67
Description: 
The holiday treats are delicious!  Just the right amount of crunch, softness and sweetness.  Expect these scones to be half the size of regular scones.  More like the size of a cookie.  The scones go well with a steaming cup of hot chocolate or coffee!  Oh, and don't skimp on the course sugar or glaze topping!  You may just have to have two scones!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
