URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64520654/jambalaya/
Title:
Jambalaya Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 packages kielbasa sausage or andouille sausage, chopped into half moons
2 pounds boneless skinless chicken breasts, cut into bit size pieces
2 pounds raw shrimp
1 large sweet onion diced
1 red bell pepper
1 green bell pepper
4 cloves garlic
3 cups low sodium chicken stock
2 tbsp tomato paste
16 oz tomato sauce
3 cups uncooked brown rice
FOR CHICKEN:
1 1/2 tsp garlic powder
1 tsp cayenne / creole seasoning (optional for heat)
3 tsp paprika
1 1/2 tsp ground thyme
1 Tbsp dried oregano
1/4 cup olive oil
FOR VEGETABLES:
1/2 tsp paprika
1/2 tsp cumin

Directions:
In a medium bowl, combine the spices for the chicken with the  oil then add chicken and stir until evenly coated. Cover bowl and place in fridge for 30 minutes to marinate. In a large skillet, heat 1 tbsp olive oil on medium high heat (level 8 setting).  Layer chicken in single layer in skillet. Cook for 1 minute. After 1 minute, turn chicken, turn heat down to medium low (3 heat setting) and cover the chicken and continue to cook for 10 minutes. Remove from heat and let sit covered for an additional 10 minutes (do not remove the lid)
While chicken is cooking, start an 8 qt pot of water boiling. Once boiling add rice and boil for 15-20 minutes. Drain rice after 20 minutes (may not be completely cooked) and set aside.
After the chicken is cooked, wipe out the skillet and heat 1 tbsp of oil  to medium high heat. Carefully add the sausage to the oil and let the sausage sit for a few minutes to allow the sausage to brown and caramelize. Toss until browned and set on plate, preserving drippings.
Add all veggies to the drippings, sprinkle with spices and saute for 2 minutes.
After veggies are sauteed, add veggies to large pot with the rice, tomato sauce, chicken broth, sausage and chicken. Stir all ingredients together (except for the shrimp), bring to a boil then remove from heat and cover.  While rice is being steamed heat a skillet with oil and cook the shrimp on medium heat until shrimp is pink.
Once rice is cooked, mix all ingredients together and serve.

Submitter: 
Apron Appeal
Description: 
Threw this together from two recipes. Lets see if I can recreate it again.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
