URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64520868/gluten-free-graham-crackers/
Title:
Gluten-Free Graham Crackers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups brown rice flour, plus more for dusting
1/4 cup buckwheat flour
1/4 cup potato starch
3 Tbsp tapioca starch
1/3 cup brown sugar
1/4 cup rice bran
1 tsp cinnamon
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1 egg
1/3 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature
2 Tbsp cold milk, or as needed
1.5 tablespoons honey

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 170°C.
In a large mixing bowl, combine the dry ingredients, except the brown sugar, and whisk together until completely combined and there are no lumps.
In a mixer, cream together the butter, egg, honey, and brown sugar until pale.
Add the dry ingredients a little at a time mixing the ingredients the whole time. Add milk one Tbsp at a time until a workable, but a bit sticky, dough forms.
Divide in three equal sections. Dust a piece of parchment paper with a bit of rice flour and cover with another piece of parchment paper. Roll out into a rectangle about 1/4 inch thick. Using a pizza cutter or ravioli maker, score the crackers. Don't cut them all the way, just score them so they'll be easily broken into rectangles after baking. Chill the crackers in the freezer until firm.
Once the dough is firm, remove from the refrigerator and pierce each cracker with a fork all the way through. This will allow the air to escape creating a flat, uniform cracker. Immediately bake in a preheated oven for about 8 minutes and then rotate the baking sheet to finish baking another 8 minutes or so, or until browned and the color is even throughout. If you are using these for crumbs, do not score but do pierce with the fork.
Allow to cool thoroughly before using.
The cookies can be stored in an airtight container at room temperature for about 4-5 days. They'll keep in the refrigerator for up to one week.
These could also be cut out with cookie cutters if preferred.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
A gluten free alternative to the classic cookie that can be eaten as is or used as crumbs for pie crusts. I tried to keep as close to tradition as possible by making sure there is some whole grain bran in the mix. If you can't find rice bran, use oat bran or even ground flax seed. Lots of holes in the rolled out dough ensures a uniform cracker.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1.5 h
Number of servings: 
36
Nutritional Facts:
NA
