URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64520425/thanksgiving-leftovers-stuffed-shells/
Title:
Thanksgiving Leftovers Stuffed Shells Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
FILLING
3 cups cubed, cooked turkey
1 cup stuffing (packed tight when measuring)
1 cup spinach (packed tight when measuring)
4 oz. cream cheese
1/2 cup fresh shredded parmesan
1/3 cup mayonnaise
Heavy cream for desire moistness
salt and pepper to taste
SAUCE
1/4 c. butter (half a stick)
1/4 c. flour
2 cups milk
1/2 cup freshly shredded parmesan
1 cup turkey gravy
1/4 cup heavy cream
1/2 to 1 tsp. dried parsley
salt and pepper to taste
To finish, sprinkle on top of all...
8 oz. shredded mozzarella

Directions:
Cook shells according to package directions (they should be al dente).  Drain and rinse with cold water.
Chop finely in food processor, separately if possible, the turkey, stuffing, and spinach.  Processing separately will aid in getting the desire consistency of each ingredient.
In stand mixer combine cream cheese, parmesan cheese, mayonnaise and a bit of heavy cream.  Whip until creamy.  Add turkey, stuffing and spinach.  Mix well with paddle attachment.  Add salt and pepper to taste.  If mixture seems too dry, add a bit more heavy cream until desired consistency.
Fill each shell with turkey mixture. Set aside.
To make sauce, melt butter in a heavy sauce pan over medium heat.  Add flour, salt, and pepper and whip with wire whisk until smooth and creamy.  Allow to bubble and cook for at least one minute, stirring constantly.  Add milk while whisking briskly .  Allow to bubble and thicken while stirring.
Add parmesan cheese and stir until melted and completely incorporated, then add gravy and cream and stir again.
Spread 1/2 cup of sauce on the bottom of a 9"x13" pan, and arrange stuffed shells snugly together.  Pour 1 1/2 cups sauce over the top of shells and top with mozzarella.  Cover and cook 40 minutes on 350°.  Remove cover and cook 10-15 minutes more until cheese is slightly browned and bubbly.  Keep leftover sauce warm and spoon some over each portion as it is served.  Serve with cranberry sauce!

Submitter: 
LadleLady
Description: 
Turkey and stuffing never tasted so good!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
