URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64523147/french-toast-with-peaches-and-mascarpone-cream/
Title:
French Toast with Peaches and Mascarpone Cream Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2946185.jpg
Ingredients:
1 and ½ cups heavy cream (coffee cream or whipping cream)
4 large eggs
2 tablespoons maple syrup
2 tablespoons honey
1/4 teaspoon table salt
1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
¼ teaspoon nutmeg
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 tablespoon melted butter (cool melted butter before adding to egg mixture)
1 – 3 tablespoons of cooking oil (coconut oil preferred you can use vegetable oil), as required in a non-stick pan
8 x 1 inch slices of brioche (or challah bread)
*Optional: Crushed pistachios or walnuts
Glazed Peaches:
3 cups frozen peaches
2 tablespoons brown sugar
¼ teaspoon cinnamon
2 tablespoons butter
Mascarpone Topping:
1 cup mascarpone cheese
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
3 tablespoons honey
1 tablespoon icing sugar
1 teaspoon water
2 tablespoons milk
½ cup half-and-half

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees
In a bowl whisk together the cream, eggs, maple syrup, honey, salt, melted butter, vanilla, cinnamon and nutmeg.  Pour mixture into a long bake pan and set egg mixture aside.
In a small bowl cream together the mascarpone cheese, vanilla extract, honey, icing sugar, water, milk, and half-and-half.  This topping should be the consistency of a thick cake glaze.  Add more half-and-half or mascarpone cheese until consistency is correct; set topping aside.
Over medium-low heat melt 2 tablespoons of butter in a non-stick fry pan.  Add frozen peaches (do not use fresh peaches for this recipe I have found they go too mushy and won’t hold their shape).  Add brown sugar and cinnamon and cook until tender about 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, cut brioche into 1 inch slices and dip brioche into egg mixture; soak for at least 30 seconds on each side, and then remove to a rack; and sit for 1 to 2 minutes
Over medium-low heat melt 1 tablespoon of oil in a non-stick fry pan.  Place slice of bread into the fry pan and cook until golden brown (approximately 4-5 minutes per side). Remove from pan and place on rack in oven. Repeat with all 8 slices.
Top with glazed peaches and mascarpone cheese topping and serve (and *optional crushed pistachios or walnuts).  I often serve with a side of spicy chorizo sausage.  The balance of the sweet and the savory is awesome especially for a holiday breakfast or brunch anytime of the year.

Submitter: 
rquill67
Description: 
This is our traditional holiday breakfast (family Christmas breakfast).  The glazed peaches and the mascarpone cheese cream through this recipe over the edge.  Soooo goood!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
