URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64520093/holli-berry-jim-jam/
Title:
Holli-berry Jim Jam Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
16 ounce package of fresh or frozen cranberries
4 cups mashed bananas, not too ripe
1 large apple, peeled & chopped
1  medium lemon squeezed (use juice and some rind cut up tiny)
3 cups orange juice, apple juice or water
dash salt
8 cups sugar ***
*(or 2-12 oz cans 100% concentrate apple or white grape juice thawed)
2 boxes pectin powder (2 oz each)
2 teaspoons cinnamon
dash  nutmeg or pie spices
2 teaspoon bourbon vanilla

Directions:
Have prepared jam jars ready, hot and sterilized, along with the hot lids to seal.   Using about 10-14 jars depending on size.  Having extra available in case of large quantity after cooking of jam is done.
Bring to boil in very large saucepan, the cranberries, juice, (or water) chopped apple, juice of lemon and rind for about 15-20 min. until the popping of fruit and stir constantly.   Add the mashed banana, dash salt, cinnamon, sugar or thawed apple juice concentrate with the 2 boxes of pectin, stirring constantly to boil again and cook about 10-30 min. until thicker.  Takes a bit longer with the concentrated juice than it would with the sugar.  May add more spice, such as nutmeg and or pumpkin pie spice, cloves, ginger and the bourbon vanilla to jam and mix in well.  Pour jam mixture into jars and place seal, screw on rings, place into large pot of boiling water that covers jars and water bath about 12 minutes to seal well.  Remove jars with proper tools so not to burn yourself.  Cool down on clean towels.  Let set overnight to thicken and be sure all seals have popped and can be stored.  Those which do not seal, use first and keep in refrigerator.

Submitter: 
gem bee
Description: 
Nothing quite like this specialty jam.  A plethora of fruits and spices delight the pallet.  And seasonally one can make this during the holidays easy enough.  

Amazingly, can be done with NO or LOW sugar use.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
24 h
Number of servings: 
200
Nutritional Facts:
NA
