URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64526832/pot-roast-with-balsamic-onion-gravy/
Title:
Pot Roast with Balsamic Onion Gravy Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 pound chuck roast, preferably grass-fed
Kosher or sea salt, freshly ground black pepper
1-2 tablespoons oil, for high-heat cooking (I use coconut oil)
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 sweet onion, sliced thinly
1 shallot, sliced thinly
4-5 cloves garlic, chopped
3 tablespoons tomato paste
1/2 cup balsamic vinegar
2 cups beef broth
2 bay leaves

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325F.
Heat the high-temp oil in a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat.
Sear the chuck roast deeply on both sides until well-browned.
Place the roast in a bowl; set aside.
Pour off the hot oil and add the olive oil to the pan, with the onions and shallot.
Cook for a few minutes, until the onion is softened (but not browned).
Add the garlic and tomato paste and stir for about a minute, until aromatic.
Add the balsamic vinegar and broth; use a wooden spoon to deglaze the pan (scrape up the delicious browned bits from the bottom of the pan).
Bring to a boil.
Return the chuck roast to the pan.  Add the bay leaves.  If needed, add more broth or water so that the roast is at least half covered in liquid.
Cover the pan and place in the oven.  Cook for 3-4 hours until the meat is tender enough to cut with a wooden spoon.  (During the last hour or so, partially uncover the roast so some of the liquid will cook off.  Flip the meat over to keep one side from drying out.)
Remove the roast to a serving dish; cover and keep warm.  While the meat is resting, remove the bay leaves from the balsamic onion sauce, and skim as much fat as possible from the top.
Puree in the onions with a stick blender.  (Alternatively, you can strain the sauce if you would like it to be ultra-smooth.)
Place on stove over medium high heat and reduce sauce to desired consistency.  Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper, if needed.

Submitter: 
Lori Rowley-Sipple
Description: 
For all you Whole 30er's
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
