URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64521932/secret-fudge-recipe-of-old/
Title:
Secret fudge recipe of old Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 Tablespoons salted butter
1-2/3 cup white sugar
3/4 cup canned evaporated milk, may use heavy whip cream
dash salt
1-1/2 cups dark chocolate chips
2 cups mini marshmallows
2 teaspoon vanilla extract, OR, use peppermint, almond, orange, bourbon vanilla extract are some options to go with following liqueur choices
options: 1 small airline bottle of liqueur such as Grand Marnier' (orange liq.) Kahlua (coffee liq.) Amaretto (almond liq.) Creme d' menthe (mint)
1/2 chopped nuts to compliment liqueur used such as pecan, walnut, almonds, macadamia, etc.
dried fruits such as cranberry, cherries, unsweetened coconut can also be tossed in at the end. Another tip, sprinkle with chunky sea salt on top if desired.

Directions:
In a large saucepan, begin to boil on medium heat the butter, sugar and canned milk (or cream) dash salt and continue to gently boil while stirring constantly for about 4-5 minutes.  Turn off heat, stir in marshmallows, dark chocolate chips, nuts, extract and tiny bottle of liqueur of choice stirring thoroughly to combine.  Should begin to thicken up very nicely.  Pour fudge into a no-stick sprayed wax or parchment paper lined 8x8 square pan to cool and firm up several hours or overnight.  When firm, lift from pan with paper edges onto cutting board and cut to size with sharp hot knife for cleanest cut.

Submitter: 
gem bee
Description: 
This is a long time secret fudge I have made for decades, the secret...liqueur's from fine small batches.  These lend the rich creamy texture and amazingly addictive flavor combinations to the rest of the ingredients.  Making this a suitable if not demanded gift each holiday season in my circle of family and friends.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 min
Ready in:
overnight
Number of servings: 
50
Nutritional Facts:
NA
