URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64522255/skillet-baked-eggs-with-spinach-yogurt-and-chili-oil/
Title:
Skillet-Baked Eggs with Spinach, Yogurt, and Chili Oil Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3082343.jpg
Ingredients:
2/3 cup plain Greek-style yogurt
1/3 cup sour cream
1 garlic clove, halved or 1 teaspoon minced garlic from a jar
Pink Himalayan salt or sea salt
Ground black pepper
2 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided
2 tablespoons olive oil
3 tablespoons chopped leek (white and pale-green parts only)
2 tablespoons chopped scallion (white and pale-green parts only)
10 cups fresh spinach (10 ounces)
1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice
6 large egg yolks
1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes and a pinch of paprika
1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano
Dash of chili oil or Tabasco sauce

Directions:
Mix yogurt, sour cream, garlic, pinch of ground black pepper, and a pinch of salt in a small bowl.  Set aside
Preheat oven to 300°.  Melt 1 tablespoon butter with oil in a large heavy skillet over medium heat.  Add leek and scallion; reduce heat to low. Cook until soft, about 10 minutes.  Add spinach and lemon juice; season with salt.  Increase heat to medium-high; cook, turning frequently, until wilted; 4–5 minutes
Transfer spinach mixture to 10" fry pan, leaving any excess liquid behind.  Make 6 deep indentations (hollows), in the spinach.  Carefully break 1 egg yolk into each hollow, taking care to keep yolks intact.  Bake until egg yolks are set, 10 minutes.  I like my egg yolks firmer so I add a few more minutes of baking time
Melt remaining 1 tablespoon butter in a small saucepan over medium-low heat.  Add crushed red pepper flakes, dash of paprika, and a pinch of salt and cook until butter starts to foam and browned bits form at bottom of pan, 1–2 minutes.  Add oregano and cook for 30 seconds longer.  Spoon yogurt over spinach and eggs.  Drizzle with spiced butter

Submitter: 
rquill67
Description: 
This dish is perfect for breakfast or brunch.  The combination of the tangy yogurt and lemon compliments he garlic and earthy tones of the spinach and chili oil. I've even made this dish as a late dinner or after a night out.  Great anytime of the year day or night.  Awesome meal with crusty toast and goat cheese!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
