URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64527130/homemade-pasta/
Title:
Homemade Pasta Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 ¾ cups all-purpose flour, plus about 1 cup more for dusting
6 large eggs, at room temperature
1 Tbsp. extra virgin olive oil
1 tsp. kosher salt

Directions:
Unlike most traditionalists, I like to pile the flour into a mixing bowl rather than directly on the counter or work surface. I find that this technique is much easier for beginners, as the wet mixture doesn’t have a chance to run amuck if you mess up. After the flour has been added, make a very large well in the center.
Carefully crack the eggs and add into the center of the well.
Add the oil
Add the salt
Using a fork, gradually scramble the eggs, while mixing the wet ingredients into the flour until combined. This is where you’ll appreciate me telling you to put this in a mixing bowl to start.
Don’t stress if the flour isn’t entirely incorporated. If there is a lot of flour remaining – you probably measured wrong. Kidding. Most likely, since the egg yield can vary, you can simply add a teaspoon of water or two until the mixture comes together
Flour the work surface. I have marble countertops, which stay pretty cold to the touch. Working on a cold surface is typically preferable to prevent sticking. I’ve heard of folks laying cold towels or even ice packs onto a surface prior to working with dough – but beware, such measures could cause the surface to sweat, leading to moisture, rendering your flour useless, and causing even more sticking. In other words, if you have a cold surface, fantastic, if not, you might want to add a touch more flour.
Turn out the dough onto the floured surface.
Lightly flour your hands and the top portion of the dough. Knead the dough by pushing it away from you using the heel of your hand. After each push, fold the dough onto itself, turn clockwise a little bit, and continue in this manner, adding flour to prevent from sticking, until the dough is elastic and smooth, about 5 minutes. Form the dough into a cylindrical shape and tightly wrap in plastic wrap and place in the fridge for at least 30 minutes, up to overnight. Remove the dough from the fridge, unwrap, and cut into 6 or so small portions. (I suggest rolling the dough into a cylinder shape and cutting into small portions to keep a square shape, making things easier later on. Also, working with smaller portions of dough is more manageable – making it easier to get thin, delicate pasta.)
Dust a rolling pin with flour and begin pressing out the dough by working from the center to the outside, easing up in pressure as you reach the edge.
Continue rolling out the dough, dusting with as much flour as necessary to prevent from sticking, until the dough is thin and nearly transparent. Allow the dough to sit for 5 minutes. Repeat procedure for the remaining pieces of dough.
Flour the top surface of the dough sheet and fold in half. Once again, add more flour and fold in half. Repeat this procedure until you are left with a cylinder-like shape.
Using a sharp knif

Submitter: 
Brent Berkeypile
Description: 
Easy, excellent pasta.  Better than any store bought dry pasta.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 mi
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
