URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64526130/big-rays-portuguese-baked-eggs/
Title:
Big Ray's Portuguese Baked Eggs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2989789.jpg
Ingredients:
¼ cup olive oil
3 bell peppers, any color, thinly sliced
1 medium red onion, thinly sliced
2 beefsteak tomatoes, cut into wedges
8 garlic cloves, thinly sliced
1 jalapeño, with seeds, chopped
¼ cup fresh basil leaves
2 tablespoons fresh oregano leaves
1½ teaspoons chili powder
1 teaspoon paprika
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
1 cup ricotta cheese
6 large eggs
1 cup grated sharp white cheddar (about 4 oz.)
¼ cup grated Parmesan (about 1 oz.)
Toasted country-style bread (for serving)

Directions:
Heat oil in a 12" cast iron pan over medium heat. Add bell peppers and onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened and just beginning to brown, 10–12 minutes.
Add tomatoes, garlic, jalapeño, basil, oregano, chili powder, and paprika to pot. Reduce heat to medium-low and continue to cook, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are very soft and liquid is thickened, 20–30 minutes; season with salt and pepper.
Preheat oven to 400°.  Using the back of a spoon, make 6 evenly spaced divots in mixture. Spoon a dollop of ricotta into each divot, then crack 1 egg into each. Top with cheddar and Parmesan; season with salt and pepper. Bake, rotating dish halfway through, until Parmesan is melted and egg whites are almost set but yolks are still runny, 15–18 minutes.
Serve baked eggs with toast. (Yolks will continue to cook as dish sits, so serve right away if you prefer your eggs soft.)
Do Ahead: Bell pepper mixture can be cooked 1 day ahead. Let cool; cover and chill.

Submitter: 
bfr610
Description: 
Baked eggs are great for brunch, and this version is no exception. But with a salad of leafy greens, it’s also hearty and satisfying enough to double as dinner.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
