URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64527627/southern-comfort-cupcakes/
Title:
Southern Comfort Cupcakes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the cupcakes
1 (18.25 ounce) package Devil’s Food Cake mix
1 (5.9 ounce) package instant chocolate pudding mix
1 cup sour cream
1 cup vegetable oil
4 eggs; lightly beaten
1/2 cup warm water
1 teaspoon of vanilla
For the Southern Comfort Buttercream
4 sticks unsalted butter; room temperature
1 tablespoon clear vanilla extract
¼ teaspoon fine sea salt
2 pounds confectioners’ sugar
4 tablespoons Southern Comfort
For the Garnish
1/2 cup semisweet chocolate chips melted and cooled

Directions:
For the cupcakes
1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
2. Line (2) 12 cup muffin tins with paper liners or spray with nonstick cooking spray.
3. In the bowl of a stand mixer, fitted with the paddle attachment, or with a hand mixer in a large bowl, beat together the cake and pudding mixes, sour cream, oil, beaten eggs, water and vanilla until well combined and smooth.
4. Evenly divide the batter amongst the prepared pans. {I use a large cookie scoop from OXO to scoop my batter; it holds 3 tablespoons}.
5. Bake for 20-25 minutes, or until top is springy to the touch. A small divot may appear in the center of the cupcake, no worries though because you’ll cover that with frosting.
6. Cool cupcakes thoroughly on a wire rack.
For the frosting
1. Cream the butter in the bowl of an electric or stand mixer. Add the vanilla extract and salt.
2. Begin adding in the sugar and mixing thoroughly after each addition. After all of the sugar has been added and mixed thoroughly, add in the Southern Comfort and mix until light and fluffy. If frosting is too thick, slowly add in a little more Southern Comfort (1 teaspoon at a time) until you reach the desired consistency. Pipe frosting onto cupcakes.
For the garnish
Place melted chocolate into piping bag or plastic storage bag and snip off the tip. Drizzle buttercream with the melted chocolate and top with Southern Comfort Caramel Corn.
See Southern Comfort Caramel Corn recipe.

Submitter: 
Sherrie Rodgers
Description: 
southern comfort loaded cupcake, with southern comfort frosting, topped with southern comfort caramel popcorn.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
