URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64527630/southern-comfort-caramel-corn/
Title:
Southern Comfort Caramel Corn Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/2 cup unpopped popcorn
Southern Comfort Caramel Sauce
Ingredients
3 cups white sugar
3 tbsp butter
1 tablespoon vanilla extract
1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt
1/4 cup Southern Comfort whiskey liqueur
1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda

Directions:
I used an air popper to pop the specified 1/2 cup measurement included with the machine. According to the manufacturer’s website, this makes approximately 18 cups of popped popcorn. Place this is a very large bowl and set aside. You can also oil pop popcorn if you desire.
Pop the popcorn and place in a very large bowl with room for stirring. If necessary, separate into two large bowls so that you have room for stirring without spilling over. Line a large jelly roll pan with foil.
In a large saucepan, heat sugar, butter, vanilla extract, salt, and Southern Comfort on medium heat, stirring often. Continue to stir until sugar melts and a deep caramel color is achieved. Double check that you have everything ready, because the addition of baking soda to the caramel will cause it to double in size quickly and bubble up. When you are ready to coat the popcorn, add the baking soda to the caramel and stir quickly. Remove from heat and pour over popcorn (eyeball about half the mixture into each bowl if you’ve had to split into two).
Stir the popcorn quickly and immediately after covering with the warm mixture so that ever piece gets some coverage of the caramel. Spread the caramel coated popcorn onto the foil lined jelly pan and allow to cool for approximately 10-20 minutes.
Peanuts or cashews would also be an excellent addition to this caramel corn.
Please be extremely careful when handling hot caramel. This stuff is super sticky and as the sugar and butter turn into caramel, they reach pretty much volcano heat. If you can, try to do the pouring with heat resistant kitchen gloves.

Submitter: 
Sherrie Rodgers
Description: 
Adapted from Maker’s Mark Caramel Popcorn by Chef Michael Paley
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
