URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64527304/swedish-princess-cake-prinsesstarta/
Title:
Swedish Princess Cake (Prinsesstårta) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3036210.jpg
Ingredients:
Vanilla custard:
2 1/2 cups milk
1 vanilla pod, split in half lengthways and seeded scraped out
6 free-range egg yolks
7 tablespoons granulated sugar
3 tablespoons corn starch
3 tablespoons unsalted butter
Jam:
1 cup raspberries
3/4 cup granulated sugar
Sponge cake:
4 large free-range eggs
2/3 cup granulated sugar
5 tablespoons corn starch
5 tablespoons flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
3 tablespoons butter, melted
Fondant rose:
1 2/3 tablespoons pink ready-to-roll icing
Icing sugar, for dusting
Decorations:
3 cups whipping cream
3 1/3 tablespoons dark chocolate (36% cocoa solids), melted
Marzipan:
1 3/4 cups ground almonds
10 tablespoons granulated sugar
2/3 cup icing sugar, plus extra for dusting
2 medium free-range eggs, beaten
1 teaspoon almond extract
Green food colouring paste (do not use liquid food colouring)

Directions:
For the vanilla custard, pour the milk into a pan with the vanilla seeds and vanilla pod and place over a low heat until just simmering. Remove from the heat
In a large bowl, whisk the egg yolks, sugar and cornflour together until pale and creamy
Remove the vanilla pod from the warm milk. (You can rinse this off to use in making vanilla sugar.)
Stir the warm milk slowly into the egg mixture. Pour the mixture back into the pan and cook over a low heat for 4-5 minutes, whisking, until the mixture thickens. (It should be very thick.) Remove from the heat and beat in the butter until melted and incorporated. Transfer to a bowl, cover the surface with clingfilm to prevent a skin forming and leave to cool. Set aside to chill in the fridge
For the jam, tip the raspberries into a deep saucepan with the sugar and two tablespoons of water. Cook gently over a low heat, stirring occasionally, until the sugar is dissolved. Bring the mixture to the boil and boil vigorously for about four minutes, or until the temperature reaches 104C/212F on a sugar thermometer. Transfer to a heatproof bowl and leave to cool completely
For the sponge, preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Grease and line the base of a 9-inch springform tin with baking parchment
Put the eggs and sugar into a large bowl and using an electric mixer, whisk together until the mixture is very pale and thick and the whisk leaves a trail on the surface when lifted. This will take about five minutes
Sift the corn starch, flour and baking powder over the egg mixture and carefully fold in using a large metal spoon. Fold in the melted butter, taking care not to over mix
Pour the mixture into the lined tin and bake for 25-30 minutes until the sponge is golden-brown and has just started to shrink away from the sides of the tin. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool. When cool enough to handle, turn out on to a wire rack to cool completely
For the fondant rose, roll 10 little pieces of fondant into small balls about the size of a cherry stone
Dust two small pieces of greaseproof paper with icing sugar and one by one, place the balls of fondant between the sheets of greaseproof and flatten each ball out with your fingers, to a thin circle, approximately 1-inch in diameter. These form the petals. Roll the first petal up like a sausage to form a bud and wrap the remaining petals around the bud to make a rose. Bend and curl the edges of the petals, to make them look more realistic. Leave to dry for at least an hour
To assemble the cake, using a serrated knife, cut the cake horizontally into three even layers. Place one of the sponges onto a serving plate. Spread a very thin layer of custard over the base of the first sponge
Spoon a quarter of the custard into a piping bag fitted with a small plain nozzle

Submitter: 
rquill67
Description: 
Even though this is a Princess cake it's not for sissies! This is a Swedish layer cake - bright green and full of custard, jam, marzipan and a mound of whipped cream! This 24-step recipe is not for the faint of heart. The cake is  delicious and well worth it!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 - 2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
