URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64523261/peanut-butter-filled-cookies/
Title:
Peanut Butter Filled Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/2943183.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature
1/2 cup creamy peanut butter
1/2 cup granulated white sugar
1/2 cup brown sugar
1 large egg
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Peanut Butter Filling:
3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature
1/2 cup creamy peanut butter
1 cup powdered sugar, sifted
3 tablespoons heavy cream

Directions:
In a bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt.  In a second bowl beat the butter, peanut butter, brown sugar and white sugar until light and fluffy. Add the egg and vanilla extract.  Mix until combined.  With an electric hand mixer on low speed, slowly add the dry ingredients, mixing just until combined.  Place in refrigerator for 2 hours
Flour surface top of a working area; remove cookie dough from refrigerator and with a rolling pin, roll out the dough to about a ¼ inch to 1/8 inch thickness.  Flour the surface of your rolling pin and the top side of the cookie dough (be careful not to add too much flour as you don’t want your cookies to be overworked with flour).  If you don’t want to add any flour to your cookie dough place cling wrap over your dough instead while rolling.  Pull away cling wrap when desired thickness is reached
Use round cookie cutters (about 1 inch to 1 1/2 inch cutters), and cut out cookies place on baking sheet, leaving about 1 inch between each cookie.  Traditional peanut butter cookies have creases placed on the top with a fork.  You can do this if you wish.  I prefer to leave the surface alone.  Bake for 10-12 minutes, or until the cookies are slightly golden and the edges are set.  Let the cookies cool on the baking sheet for 10 minutes then transfer them to a wire rack to cool completely
While the cookies are cooling, make the peanut butter filling.  Combine the butter, peanut butter and powdered sugar in the bowl and beat until smooth.  Add the heavy cream and beat until light and fluffy.  Using a knife, spread peanut butter filling onto the flat side of a cookie and using another cookie sandwich the cookies together, pressing the filling to the edges

Submitter: 
rquill67
Description: 
I've always enjoyed the store bought Pirate Peanut Butter cream filled cookies, and I wanted to make my own homemade version.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
