URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64536542/cheesy-broccoli-and-potato-soup/
Title:
Cheesy Broccoli and Potato Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3113032.jpg
Ingredients:
3/4lb Velveeta Cheese
2.5lb Potatoes diced, skin on (more or less depending on how much you want to make)
2qt Chicken Stock
1pt Half & Half
2tsb AP Flour
4c Steamed Broccoli (again, more or less depending on taste)
1c onion, diced
1/2c Butter (unsalted)
2 cloves of fresh garlic, minced
1tsb Olive Oil
Salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Heat olive oil in large soup pan until hot
add in diced onion and garlic, saute on medium heat until onions translucent
add in chicken broth or stock
combine potatoes, careful not to splash everything on you (like I did)
Cook on high until it reaches a boil, reduce heat to medium/low and cook until potatoes are tender (25 minutes or so for me)
While you're cooking your potatoes, in a separate pan steam your broccoli. I use my rice cooker for this, but whatever is easiest for you. By the time the broccoli is done steaming, your potatoes should be ready!
Potatoes should be falling apart easily when you stir them by this point.
Stir in your pint of half and half
Add in your brick of velveeta cheese
Stir in butter
Add in salt and pepper
Stir until all ingredients are melted and combined.
Taste it here and see if you need to add anything! Don't skip this step!
Add in 2tsb of flour, stirring as you add it in so as to not get clumps. If you get clumps, never fear because they'll go away when you hit it with your immersion blender or hand mixer.
Take your trusty hand mixer or immersion blender, mix it all up and be careful not to splash everything everywhere. This stuff is hot. You should be left with a very smooth mixture of cheesy potatoy deliciousness.
Stir in broccoli, let simmer on low for a short bit
Portion it into your bowl, add some green onion and shredded cheese for garnish, eat and enjoy

Submitter: 
Jordan Blythe
Description: 
Comforting soup on a cold, snowy, Ohio winter day.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
