URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64538548/big-rays-mini-deep-dish-pizza/
Title:
Big Ray's Mini Deep Dish Pizza Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3135859.jpg
Ingredients:
1 and 1/4 cups warm water
1 tsp yeast
1 tsp salt
2 cups bread flour
1 cup all-purpose flour
1 Tbsp olive oil (divided per the directions)
1/2 cup pasta or pizza sauce
1/2 cup shredded mozzarella cheese
optional additional pizza  toppings

Directions:
Pour the warm water into the bowl of a stand mixer with the dough hook attachment.
Sprinkle the yeast over the top of the water and allow it to bloom for 5 minutes.
Add the salt. Turn the stand mixer on low).  Add all of the flour (both kinds) 1 cup at a time.
Turn the stand mixer up to a slightly higher speed and let it run for about 5 to 7 minutes.
Place into  greased bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and put them somewhere warm to rise, for about 2 to 3 hours. (can be made day before and refrigerated  overnight .Remove a couple hours before making the pizza).
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.
Coat a 14 inch cast iron skillet with 1/2 tablespoon of oil.
Take  the pizza dough place it into the skillet. Spread it around the bottom of the skillet with your fingers.
Top with the sauce. then with the  cheese. Add any optional toppings.
Bake the pizza in the preheated oven for about 15 minutes or until the crust has browned and the cheese has a few browned spots.  (rotate the skillet half way through the cooking time).
Remove from skillet and let rest 10 minutes

Submitter: 
bfr610
Description: 
Got a taste for deep dish pizza and don't want to go out?  You can use a pre-made pizza dough to cut down the time, but it's really not the same. The topping measurements for the ingredients are approximate because you’re the chef of your own pizza and  you will know exactly how much you want.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
