URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64539423/spaghetti-squash-lasagna-with-spinach/
Title:
Spaghetti Squash Lasagna with Spinach Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 small spaghetti squash (about 1 1/2 pounds each)
2 teaspoons olive oil
4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced
1 (8-ounce) package fresh baby spinach
1/2 cup part-skim ricotta cheese
1/8 teaspoon kosher salt
2 ounces shredded part-skim mozzarella cheese (about 1/2 cup), divided
8 ounces 93% lean ground turkey
1 1/2 cups lower-sodium marinara sauce (such as Dell'Amore)
1 ounce Parmesan cheese, grated (about 1/4 cup)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Cut each squash in half lengthwise. Scoop out seeds; discard (or roast like pumpkin seeds). Place squash halves, cut sides up, on a baking sheet. Bake at 350 degrees for 50 minutes. Let stand 10 minutes. Scrape inside with a fork to remove spaghetti-like strands. Place strands on a clean dish towel; squeeze until barely moist.
Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add oil to pan; swirl to coat. Add garlic; cook 30 seconds. Add spinach; cook 1 minute or until spinach wilts. Remove from heat. Combine spinach mixture, squash strands, ricotta cheese, salt, and half of mozzarella cheese in a medium bowl.
Return skillet to medium-high heat. Add turkey to pan; cook 4 minutes or until browned, stirring to crumble. Add marinara sauce; cover, reduce heat to medium, and simmer 4 minutes. Remove from heat.
Increase oven temperature to 425 degrees.
Spoon sauce evenly into bottom of each squash half. Top evenly with squash mixture. Sprinkle evenly with remaining mozzarella cheese and Parmesan cheese. Bake at 425 degrees for 20 minutes.
Preheat broiler to high (keep squash in oven). Broil 1 to 2 minutes until cheese is golden brown and bubbly. Remove from oven; let stand 10 minutes.
Chef's note: Bake the squash in advance to shorten prep time; squeeze noodles dry, and store in a zip-top plastic bag in the refrigerator until ready to use.

Submitter: 
HurdBird
Description: 
Squash noodles transform lasagna into a delightful dinner for less than 400 calories.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
