URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64534301/essential-parsnip-gratin/
Title:
Essential Parsnip Gratin Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1/4 cup butter, or as needed
2 pounds parsnips
2 ribs celery, finely chopped
2 leeks, finely chopped, divided
3 cloves garlic, crushed, divided
2 small ginger pieces
3 cups water, or as needed
2 bay leaves
2 rosemary sprigs
Parmigiano rind, 2-inch piece
freshly grated nutmeg to taste
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 cup grated Parmigiano Reggiano, or to taste
2 cups heavy whipping cream, or as needed

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Butter a 1-quart baking dish generously.
Peel parsnips, reserving peelings for broth. Slice into 1/8-inch rounds.
Heat 1 tablespoon of the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add celery, 1/2 of the leeks, 1 clove garlic, and ginger. Cook and stir until softened and beginning to brown, about 5 minutes. Add 1/2 of the parsnip peelings; season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg to taste. Add 2 tablespoons water; cook and stir until water is completely absorbed and mixture turns pale brown, about 5 minutes more. Continue to cook and stir, adding a few tablespoons of water as needed, until mixture is dry and well-browned, about 5 minutes more.
Increase heat to high, add remaining water,  bay leaves, 1 rosemary sprig, and Parmigiano rind. Season again with salt and pepper to taste. Bring parsnip broth to a boil, cover, and lower heat to bare simmer until reduced to approximately 1 cup of liquid, about 30 minutes more.
Arrange 1/3 of the parsnip slices in a single, overlapping layer in the prepared baking dish. Sprinkle 1/3 of the Parmigiano over the parsnips; season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg.  Repeat with remaining slices. Top with leaves from remaining rosemary sprig.
Strain broth through sieve, pressing solids to extract liquids; set aside.
Heat remaining butter in a saucepan over medium heat; add remaining leeks, remaining garlic, and several rosemary leaves. Saute until softened but not browned, about 5 minutes. Add 2 tablespoons reserved broth; cook and stir until broth is completely absorbed and mixture begins to brown, about 5 minutes more. Add 4 tablespoons broth; continue to cook and stir until most of the liquid has evaporated and mixture is pale brown, adding more broth as needed to prevent over-browning, about 10 minutes more.
Stir cream into leek mixture; season with salt and pepper. Cook and stir until hot but not boiling, about 3 minutes. Cool slightly. Pour cream mixture onto parsnips in baking dish to ? full.
Bake in preheated oven until parsnips are fork-tender, cream mixture is thickened and bubbly, and cheese is well-browned on top, 45 to 60 minutes. Cool to set before serving, 10 to 15 minutes. Garnish with more nutmeg and rosemary leaves.

Submitter: 
Elise Ballard
Description: 
This vegetarian parsnip gratin recipe has multiple cooking and reducing phases, extracting every last bit of parsnip essence to lend layers and layers of sweet, unctuous, earthy flavor.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25
Ready in:
2 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
