URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64531987/czech-style-turkey-stuffed-cabbage-rolls/
Title:
Czech-Style Turkey-Stuffed Cabbage Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the ROLLS:
1 cabbage, 2-2.5 lbs, frozen for 2 days, thawed
2.5 lbs ground turkey (93/7 or leaner)
1 egg or 1/4 c. Eggbeaters
1 large yellow onion, minced in the food processor
4 cloves garlic, minced
1/2 c. white rice, uncooked
1/2 tsp. smoked paprika (hot or sweet)
1 tsp. beef soup base (such as Better Than Bouillon)
1 tsp. salt
1/2 tsp. pepper
reserve extra cabbage leaves not used in making the rolls
For the SAUCE:
2 tbsp. butter
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 large yellow onion, minced in the food processor
28 oz can whole tomatoes, blended into sauce, or 28 oz crushed tomatoes
1 lemon, juiced and zested
1/2 cup brown sugar OR Splenda Brown Sugar Blend for Baking
2 tbsp. tomato paste
1/2 tsp. smoked paprika (hot or sweet)
1 tsp. dried parsley OR 1 TBSP fresh parsley, minced
1/2 tsp. beef soup base (such as Better Than Bouillon)
1/2 tsp. salt
1/2 tsp. pepper
reserved cabbage leaves, minced in the food processor

Directions:
1. Rinse frozen cabbage and remove leaves into a stack. If using fresh cabbage, rinse, chop off core end, and microwave 8 mins on a microwave-safe plate. Remove as many leaves as you can, rinse and microwave again in 2-minute intervals until you have removed all the leaves. You will need a paring knife to slice them neatly at the base.
2. Mix meat, egg or eggbeaters, onion, garlic, beef base, paprika, rice, salt, and pepper. Spoon cigar-shaped mounds of meat mixture inside a leaf and then roll it up like an eggroll. Place seam-side down on a baking sheet. You will use varying amounts of meat mixture based on the size of the leaves you have. Store in fridge til ready to use.
3. Mince the remaining unused cabbage leaves very finely, using a food processor. You should not use more than 1 ½ cups of leaves after mincing, if you have more mince than that, discard extra. Less is fine or omit entirely if desired.
4. Saute the onion in the butter in a non-reactive saucepan with at least a 3-cup capacity. Saute til deep golden brown or caramelized, both are delicious! 2 minutes before onion is done, add garlic and stir often to prevent burning. Push the onion and garlic to the sides of the saucepan and fry the tomato paste for 30-60 seconds, then add the minced cabbage. Cook cabbage 2 minutes, stirring often to continue protecting the garlic. Add tomato puree, lemon juice and zest, sugar, beef base, paprika, parsley, salt, and pepper. Bring to a boil then reduce heat to low and simmer 7 minutes.
5. Smear about 2 tbsp sauce on the bottom of a buttered or Pam-sprayed 9x13 dish. (You may need 2 of these dishes depending on the size and quantity of your rolls. The better you are at rolling, the smaller they will be and the less pans you will require.) Place rolls in pan on top of sauce seam-side down, complete until all rolls are in pan(s). Pour all remaining sauce of pan(s). Cover with aluminum foil.
6. Bake, covered, for 2 hours at 350 degrees. Serve with parsley-buttered boiled potatoes or mashed potatoes and a green salad.

Submitter: 
JARRIE
Description: 
Deliciously seasoned ground turkey and rice rolled in cabbage leaves and served with a tasty tomato sauce makes for a meal that feels indulgent but really isn't!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
