URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64539709/seafood-salad-insalata-di-mare/
Title:
Seafood Salad (Insalata di Mare) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 pounds mussels
Salt to taste
1 pound medium shrimp, shelled and deveined
1 pound cleaned calamari (squid), cut crosswise into 1/2-inch rings
1 cup thinly sliced celery
1 cup sliced pitted green olives
1/3 cup extra virgin olive oil
1/2 teaspoon grated lemon zest (the skin)
2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste
2 table spoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley
2 garlic cloves, minced
Pinch of crushed red pepper
1 lemon, cut into wedges

Directions:
Place the mussels in cold water for 30 minutes.
Scrub the mussels with a stiff brush and scrape off any barnacles or seaweed. Discard any mussels with cracked shells or that do not shut tightly when tapped. Remove the beards by pulling them toward the narrow end of the shells.
Place the mussels in a large pot with 1/2 cup water. Cover and cook until the mussels open, 5 to 10 minutes. Discard any that refuse to open.
Bring a large saucepan of water to a simmer. Add salt to taste and the shrimp. Cool for 2 to 3 minutes, until the shrimp are just cooked through. Scoop out the shrimp and cool them under cool running water; drain well. Leave the water boiling in the pot.
Drop the calamari into the boiling water and cook just until opaque, about 1 minute. Drain thoroughly and cool under cold running water.
Cut the shrimp into bite-sized pieces. Combine the shrimp, calamari, mussels, celery, and olives in a large bowl.
Whisk together the oil, lemon zest, lemon juice, parsley, garlic, salt to taste, and the crushed red pepper.
Pour the dressing over the salad mixture and toss well. (If you are making the salad ahead of time, toss with only half the dressing; cover and refrigerate for up to 2 hours. Toss with the remaining dressing before serving.) taste for seasoning. Garnish with lemon wedges.

Submitter: 
Gerry Garcia
Description: 
A Neapolitan salad guaranteed to make the family ask for seconds. Serves 6.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
