URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64537674/honey-coconut-white-bread/
Title:
Honey-Coconut White Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cps Unbleached All Purpose Flour
1/2 cp Hot Water ( 120 deg )
1/2 cp Warm Skim Milk ( 120 deg)
2 tsp Active Dry Yeast
1 tsp Sugar
1 tsp Salt
2 tbsp. Organic Raw Honey
2 tbsp. Virgin Unrefined Coconut Oil
Butter

Directions:
Combine water and milk and warm to 110-120 Degrees
In a separate large bowl (or mixer bowl) add Flour, Salt - Set Aside
Add Yeast and Sugar to Milk mixture and whisk until mixed and yeast is smooth. Let rest a few min until yeast is dissolved and activates.
Combine Honey and Coconut oil together, warm to blend OR add directly to flour if using a mixer.
Mix till mixture resembles cornmeal.
Add yeast mixture, mix until dough begins to form
Remove from bowl and place on lightly floured surface and knead until dough is smooth and supple.
Form dough into ball, place in a clean and buttered bowl coating both sides of dough. Cover with a clean towel and let rest 1 hour until double in size.
Once dough has reached it's 1 hour mark, it will be large and light.  turn out onto floured surface, knead for a moment to remove the air bubbles then roll the dough into a log, folding the ends under the log.
Place into a buttered bread pan and let rise again for about an hour.
Using a sharp knife, slice the top lengthwise.
Take some melted butter, brush the top of the bread well.
Bake in a 350 degree over for about 20 min.  until internal temp reaches 190 - 200 degrees
Loaf should turn out of pan easily. Set on rack to cool. DO NOT CUT HOT BREAD.
Enjoy. This step is NOT optional.

Submitter: 
Dave Niezabitowski Sr.
Description: 
A delicious, slightly sweet white bread with a soft but full texture. Reminds me of a cross between raisin bread and Hawaiian.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
2 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
