URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64536309/shanked-field-goal-pork-chili/
Title:
Shanked Field Goal Pork Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3107471.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tbsp bacon grease or other fat/oil
3 lb pork shoulder, cut into 8 relatively similar size pieces.
4 dried ancho chile peppers, stemmed and seeded
1 large onion, diced
8 garlic cloves, smashed
1 35 oz can of canned whole peeled tomatoes
1 6 oz can tomato paste
2 16 oz cans of beans, drained and rinsed (I used cans of three-bean mix)
2 cups chicken broth
1 can of light lager beer, like Rainier
1 tbsp ground cumin
1 tsp ground oregano
1/4 cup brown sugar
1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa
salt to taste
hot sauce to taste

Directions:
Heat the fat/oil in a large pot over medium high heat. Working in batches,  brown each piece of pork on all sides.
Meanwhile, put the stemmed and seeded dried chiles in boiling water and simmer for 15 minutes, then chop. (Or you can use 1/4 cup of chile powder instead).
After all the pork is browned, add the onions to the fat, and saute until the onions just start to be translucent. Add more oil if necessary.
Add the garlic and saute for one minute.
Add tomatoes and stir around for a bit, mashing the tomatoes a bit to break them up.
Add the tomato paste, beans, and chopped chiles and stir around a bit, for like 15 seconds.
Add the chicken broth, beer, cumin, oregano, brown sugar, and unsweetened cocoa.
Bring all to a simmer, then turn heat to low and keep at a simmer for about 2 hours.
After 2 hours, remove a couple of pieces of pork and see if you can shred them using two forks. If not, put them back in and keep cooking until you can, adding more broth if need be.
Once you can shred the meat, do so, then return it to the pot. Add hot sauce and salt to taste and serve over rice.

Submitter: 
Seth Kolloen
Description: 
Made this for the Seahawks / Vikings playoff game...missed FG made it go down good!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
