URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64533546/marks-tip-top-sirloin-roast/
Title:
Mark's "Tip Top" Sirloin Roast Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3074896.jpg
Ingredients:
1.5 lb Top Sirloin Roast
2 cups baby carrots
2 cups fresh green beans
1 medium brown onion
3 large stocks of celery
3 red baby potatoes
3 gold baby potatoes
1 cup Beef Stock
1 tbsp. Basil
1 tbsp. Oregano
1 tbsp. Parsley
1 tbsp. Butter
3 small Bay Leaves

Directions:
Preparation
Dice onion to (about) 1/4 inch pieces.  Put in small bowl and set aside.
Split celery down the center lengthwise and cut into 2 inch lengths.  If you have the leaves from the top, roughly chop them to make 1/8 cup. Set aside.
Cut potatoes in halves.  Set aside in bowl covered with water.
Cut baby carrots lengthwise to make 2 cups.  Set aside.
Cut green bean tips on both ends, cut into about 2 inch lengths.  Set aside.
Cooking
Heat oven to 325ºF and put rack on the third level from top (enough to fit Dutch oven and leave about 3-4 inches from top.  Use in-oven thermometer if available to ensure correct temperature).
In a 6-8 qt. Dutch Oven, brown all sides of the roast.  Do not drain.  Remove roast to a plate.
Sauté onion in pot with butter until almost carmelized.
Add celery and continue sautéeing until celery softens (not too much!).
Move onions and celery from the center to around the pot edges.
Place browned sirloin roast in center of Dutch oven.
Pour in 1 cup beef stock (optional: add 1 tsp. beef crystals for enhanced beef flavor) and evenly distribute the vegetables.
Add carrots and green beans, evenly distributing around the roast.
Add potatoes, evenly distributing them around the roast.
Sprinkle Basil, Oregano, and Parsley on top of roast.
Add bay leaves to the stock.
Roast in oven for 45 - 60 minutes.  Check temperature after 30 minutes and again every 10 minutes until roast reaches 140ºF (for medium-rare) or 150º (for well-done).
Remove roast to cutting board.
Separate stock from vegetables and put vegetables in serving bowl.
Put stock into gravy boat or serving bowl.
Serving
Let roast rest for 5 minutes.  Then carve 1/4 inch thick slices (or to taste).
Put vegetables in serving bowl.
Put stock in gravy boat as juice for roast and vegetables.

Submitter: 
markfernandez
Description: 
Top Sirloin roast is a very good piece of meat to roast.  It is also a complete meal with very little cleanup afterwords.  That makes this menu a winner in my book.  These instructions are for beginners, so they are more detailed than usual.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
1.5 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
