URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64533442/low-carb-chicken-divan/
Title:
Low Carb Chicken Divan Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3075020.jpg
Ingredients:
2 boneless chicken breasts
3 tbsp ghee (or butter)
1 small yellow onion
1/2 tbsp minced garlic
1/2 tsp garlic salt
1 cup chicken stock (or broth)
A pinch of parsley
10 cranks of fresh pepper
3 cups cauliflower (frozen is fine)
1 cup heavy cream
1 tsp lemon juice
1/2 cup mayonnaise
3 cups steamed, chopped broccoli
2 cups shredded cheddar cheese

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
Fill a pot about halfway with water. Add both breasts of chicken.
*Cook on high and bring to a boil until the chicken is cooked through (180 degrees)
Meanwhile, cook up the garlic and onions in a medium frying pan on a low heat with the ghee.
While that's cooking, blend up your cauliflower using a food processor or a good blender like a Ninja (or better). Do it for a couple seconds just until it looks like rice.
After about two minutes of the onions cooking, begin adding in the spices one at a time, mixing them into the onions as you go.
When the onions are soft, add the cauliflower.
When the cauliflower is soft, add the chicken broth. Cook, covered for about 10 minutes.
Check on your boiling chicken. Take it out and set it aside if it's reached 180 degrees.
Add the cream and lemon juice and let simmer uncovered on low for about 10 minutes while it reduces. Mix it a few times throughout so it doesn't burn to the bottom.
Add mayo, mix, and turn off burner.
Begin pulling apart your chicken with a fork.
Add half your pulled chicken into the cauliflower cream mixture.
Use the other half to line the bottom of an 8x8 casserole dish.
On top of the chicken, layer in the steamed, chopped broccoli.
Top with the cauliflower cream mixture.
Top with cheddar cheese.
Put in the oven for 30 minutes, covered with tinfoil.
Remove tinfoil and cook 10 more minutes.
* How to cook chicken:
Place chicken breasts in a pot with a lid that will fit them w/o crowding
-  Add cold water till they are covered with 2" of water
-  Remove the chicken
-  Bring the water to a boil
-  Place chicken breasts in boiling water for 1 minute (sears the meat)
-  Remove chicken with tongs
-  Let water remain on heat till returned to a boil
-  Place chicken breasts into the boiling water
-  Cover with pot's lid & turn off heat
-  Let sit undisturbed for 20 minutes
- Remove chicken - let cool till able to cut, shred, etc as desired/needed

Submitter: 
Christine Denstaedt
Description: 
This scrumptious, creamy, low carb chicken divan recipe rings in at about 5 carbs per serving. In an 8x8 square casserole dish, it makes 6 servings
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1.5 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
