URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64538422/vanilla-blueberry-quinoa-breakfast-bake/
Title:
Vanilla Blueberry Quinoa Breakfast Bake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Cooking spray or butter (for greasing pan)
1 cup quinoa
1 cup steel cut oatmeal
2-4 cups vanilla almond or soy milk
Water
up to 1 tsp salt
2 eggs, lightly beaten
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 cup blueberries
1 banana, diced (optional)
2-4 tbsp brown sugar (optional)
Maple syrup (optional)
1/4 cup sliced almonds
Whipped cream for garnish (optional)
Extra blueberries for garnish (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.  Grease an 8x8 pan with cooking spray or butter.
Cook oatmeal in one pot and quinoa in separate pot, according to package instructions - but substitute vanilla almond/soy milk for all or part of the water in the directions, and add cinnamon and salt to taste.  Drain any remaining liquid from quinoa using a mesh strainer.  Allow mixtures to cool for about 10 minutes.  (Alternate directions from website: In a large pot, bring oats, quinoa, soymilk, water and salt to a boil. Reduce heat to a simmer and let cook for 15 more minutes or until liquid is absorbed. Stir frequently.) NOTE: Be sure that the liquid doesn't overflow in the quinoa pot - the almond milk was bubbling and I had to let out the steam periodically to keep it from bubbling over.  I cooked the quinoa and oatmeal separately because they had different cooking times.  Also, the quinoa requires the lid on the pot and the oatmeal doesn't.  But the original recipe says to just cook them together, but I don't know how that would turn out.
Combine cooked quinoa and oatmeal in a large bowl.  Add the egg, baking powder, vanilla, and mix well.  Add a sprinkling of brown sugar and a drizzle of maple syrup, if desired.  Stir in blueberries and bananas (optional)
Pour mixture into pan.  Sprinkle brown sugar on top and drizzle maple syrup on top (both optional).  Sprinkle sliced almonds on top.  Bake for approximately 35 minutes.  Let cool for 15 minutes before serving.  Garnish with whipped cream and blueberries.

Submitter: 
HDN
Description: 
A healthier and gluten-free version of a blueberry loaf cake, with lots of protein, fiber, and amino acids.  Adapted from peanutbutterrunner.com/quinoa-breakfast-bake-with-blueberries-bananas-and-vanilla-soymilk/
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
9
Nutritional Facts:
NA
