URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64532618/roasted-vegetables-for-a-crowd/
Title:
Roasted Vegetables for a Crowd Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/6018496.jpg
Ingredients:
1 large head cauliflower, cut into small (bite sized) florets
1 LB broccoli, cut into small (bite sized) florets
1.5 LB brussels sprouts, trimmed and yellow/outer leaves removed, halved
2 large sweet potatoes, peeled and cubed
2 red bell peppers, cut into 1” pieces
2 yellow bell peppers, cut into 1” pieces
2 large red onions, quartered
8 tbsp Extra Virgin Olive Oil (EVOO)
2 tsp Thyme, dried (or 4 tsp fresh leaves)
2 tsp Rosemary, dried (or 4 tsp fresh leaves)
Kosher salt and black Pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425; line 2 rimmed baking sheets with heavy duty aluminum foil
In a large mixing bowl, combine Broccoli and Cauliflower florets with 2 tbsp EVOO. Add 1 tsp rosemary and 1 tsp thyme. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Stir broccoli/cauliflower to combine ingredients. Spread broccoli/cauliflower florets on 1 of the lined baking sheets.
Trim ends of Brussels Sprouts and remove outer leaf of each brussels sprout. Halve the brussels sprouts. Add brussels sprouts to the mixing bowl. Combine/Mix brussels sprouts with 3 tbsp EVOO and season with salt and pepper to taste. Spread brussels sprout halves on the 2nd lined baking sheet.
Roast Broccoli/Cauliflower and Brussels Sprouts in oven for 20-30 minutes, gently stirring every 5-7 minutes (see Tips below). Broccoli/cauliflower should be done when lightly browned; Brussels Sprouts are done when dark brown. Transfer the broccoli/cauliflower and brussels sprouts evenly between two medium sized foil trays or 1 large foil tray.
While Broccoli/Cauliflower and Brussels Sprouts are roasting, peel and cube Sweet Potatoes. Place sweet potatoes in mixing bowl. Add 3 tbsp EVOO, 1 tsp rosemary, and 1 tsp thyme. Season with salt and pepper to taste.  Stir sweet potatoes to combine ingredients. Place sweet potatoes on one of the foil lined baking sheets and roast them for 30-35 minutes, or until tender. Stir every 5-7 minutes (see Tips below). Transfer roasted sweet potatoes between the two medium sized foil trays or 1 large foil tray used in step 4 above.
Add the cut bell peppers to mixing bowl. Separate quartered red onions into pieces and add to mixing bowl. There should be enough oil, salt/pepper, and herbs left over in the mixing bowl from the other vegetables. So, just give the bell peppers and onions a good stir in the bowl. Place bell peppers and onion pieces on one of the foil lined baking sheets and roast for 15-20 minutes. Stir every 5-7 minutes (see Tips below). Transfer roasted peppers and red onions between the 2 medium trays or 1 large tray used in steps 4 and 5 above.
Stir the roasted vegetables in the trays to mix them up a bit. Serve immediately or cover with foil to be reheated later (see make ahead option below).
TIPS: Use a spoon/spatula to move the vegetables from the outside toward the inside and spread vegetables outward. Use a fork to test if vegetables are done (should be tender).
MAKE AHEAD OPTION: Roast vegetables just under total cook time. The vegetables should be firm, but not tender. Brussels sprouts should be cooked through according to recipe. Reheat roasted vegetables in trays, covered with foil at 425 for 15-20 minutes.

Submitter: 
SZYQ1
Description: 
null
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
5
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
