URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64538515/big-rays-easy-chicken-fajita-casserole/
Title:
Big Ray's Easy Chicken Fajita Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3135447.jpg
Ingredients:
1 lb boneless skinless chicken breast
1 (14.5 ounce) can Fire roasted Diced Tomatoes with Green Chilies, drained, retain juice
1/2 tsp dried oregano
1 Tbsp paprika
1 Tbsp cumin
1/2 tsp cayenne chili powder
1/2 tsp ancho chili powder
Juice from 1 lime
1 red bell pepper, sliced into strips
1 yellow bell pepper, sliced into strips
1 yellow onion, sliced
1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil
1/2 cup orange juice
2 garlic cloves, minced
1/3 cup chopped fresh cilantro
Salt and black pepper to taste
8 (6 inch) flour tortillas
2 cups shredded Mexican blend cheese

Directions:
For the Fajita Marinade combine the retained tomato juice, oregano, paprika, cumin, cayenne chili powder, ancho chili powder, lime juice, 1 teaspoon oil, orange juice, garlic, chopped cilantro, salt, black pepper, and ½ the diced tomatoes in a mixing bowl; mix well.
Pour marinade into a plastic bag, add chicken. Seal and marinate in the refrigerator for 1 to 2 hours.
Preheat oven to 350 F.
Heat remaining oil in a large skillet. Remove chicken from marinade and place in skillet. Cook until the chicken is no longer pink. Cut cooked chicken into bite-sized pieces. Add in onion, peppers, and remaining diced tomatoes. Cook and stir until the vegetables have softened, about 10 minutes.
Cover a cookie sheet with foil.
Top half of the each tortilla with chicken and vegetable mixture. Sprinkle with cheese and fold the tortilla in half and place on baking sheet. Repeat until all tortillas are complete.
Bake quesadillas in the oven until the cheese has melted, about 10 minutes. Remove from oven and serve.
Options: Cut completed quesadillas in half for party size. Top with sour cream and chopped cilantro.

Submitter: 
bfr610
Description: 
What do you get when you melt cheese over your favorite Mexican dish? Chicken Fajita Quesadillas! Perfect for a weeknight or game day menu! Marinated chicken is grilled with peppers and onions, then baked in flour tortillas for quesadillas. Cut into smaller triangles for your next game day party!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
