URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64538324/big-rays-drunken-pork-tenderloin/
Title:
Big Ray's Drunken Pork Tenderloin Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3132798.jpg
Ingredients:
2 lb  pork tenderloin (not pork roast)
1 Tbsp garlic powder
salt
freshly ground black pepper
1 large white onion, thinly sliced
1 bottle red wine of choice
1 package brown gravy mix

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350°.
Remove the pork tenderloin from the package and trim off any silver skin – this is a shiny fat type piece that may (or may not) be on part of the tenderloin.
In a small bowl, mix the garlic powder, salt and pepper.  Roll the tenderloin in spice mixture to lightly cover over all sides  of pork.
Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat and add the pork tenderloin and braise the tenderloin, letting the pork sit in skillet without moving for about 3 minutes per side, until all sides are brown and crusty.  Remove the browned pork tenderloin from pan and place in a 9' x 13'  baking dish.
Add the onions to the same pan you used to brown the pork tenderloin and saute them for about 5 minutes. Carefully add about 1/4 bottle of the wine to deglaze the pan. It will steam up a lot and you need to take a wooden spoon and scrape the bottom of the pan right away to loosen up all of those nice browned bits.  Once the bits have been scraped up, add the rest of the bottle of wine and bring to a boil. Let simmer for 3 minutes. Pour the onion and wine mixture over the browned pork tenderloin in the baking dish. Place in the oven and bake for approximately 35-40 minutes. Use your meat thermometer to make sure the pork is at 145° in the thickest part. Remove from the oven and place the pork tenderloins on cutting board to rest. Now pour the liquid from the baking dish into your skillet on high heat and whisk in one package of brown gravy mix. Cook on medium for about 3 minutes to thicken and reduce. Slice your roasted pork tenderloin, after it has rested for about 10 minutes, into about 1/4” thick slices and serve with the onions and top with the red wine gravy.

Submitter: 
bfr610
Description: 
Many people shy away from cooking pork tenderloins because they become too dry. (they cooked it too long!), but cooking pork tenderloin is very easy and it is a versatile cut of pork.   In the past we were told to cook pork to 170° to kill trichinae parasites, but the way pork is produced now we have eliminated trichinosis for the most part.  If you cook it to 145°, you should be safe,  however, if you grow your own pork or buy pork from a local farmer instead of the grocery store then you have to use your best judgement.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
80 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
