URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64534423/fiesta-soup/
Title:
Fiesta Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
1 medium white or yellow onion, finely chopped
1 large carrot, scrubbed or peeled and finely chopped
1 red bell pepper, finely chopped
1 jalapeño or serrano chili, finely sliced (leave out if you want your soup mild)
2 cloves garlic, pressed or finely chopped
1 tablespoon ground cumin
1 tablespoon chili powder
1 15-ounce can diced tomatoes (include the juice in the can)
1 25-ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed (or use two 15-ounce cans)
1 bay leaf
1 quart veggie or chicken stock
2 cups water (or more stock)
2 cups already cooked quinoa (cooked quinoa keeps for about 5 days)
2 1/2 teaspoons sea salt, divided
3/4 teaspoon course black pepper
fresh cilantro for garnish
sliced avocado for garnish

Directions:
Preheat a large Dutch oven or soup pot over medium heat.
Add the onion, carrot, bell pepper and jalapeño with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper and sauté until soft and the onion is translucent, about 7 minutes.
Turn the heat to low (to prevent burning  spices) and add the garlic, cumin and chili powder; cook 2 minutes until the spices are fragrant.
Turn the heat to medium high and add the tomatoes with their juices to deglaze the pan, using a wooden spoon to scrape up everything on the bottom of the pan.
Add the drained and rinsed black beans, stock, water, 2 teaspoons salt, 1/2 teaspoon pepper and bay leaf.
Bring to a boil and quickly reduce to a simmer. Simmer at least 20 minutes to let the flavors combine. Adjust seasoning to taste if needed.
While the soup simmers, prepare the quinoa–it takes about 15 minutes.
Add two cups of cooked quinoa to soup, stir, and let simmer at least another 5 minutes to let it absorb some of the soup’s flavor.
When you dish up, be sure to reach the bottom of the pot to scoop up all the good stuff. Garnish with fresh cilantro and a few slices of avocado. Store leftovers in an airtight glass container in the refrigerator up to 5 days, or in the freezer up to 3 months.

Submitter: 
HurdBird
Description: 
It's basically tortilla soup minus the cheese and tortillas.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
