URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64534481/grilled-cheese-sandwich-for-adults/
Title:
Grilled Cheese Sandwich for Adults Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3084921.jpg
Ingredients:
2 slices white crusty Italian bread or rye bread
2 deli slices old, aged or sharp cheddar cheese
1 tablespoon blue cheese, crumbled
2 tablespoons shredded Parmesan cheese
2 slices red onion, thinly cut rings
2 slices red beefsteak tomato, thinly sliced
2 tablespoons unsalted butter
1 tablespoon mayonnaise
Chili flakes to taste (only need a sprinkle)
Himalayan pink salt or table salt to taste
Black ground pepper to taste

Directions:
Heat a 10-inch frying pan (with lid) to low-medium heat
Meanwhile, spread butter on one side of each slice of bread (buttered side up). Spread mayonnaise on one side of each of the buttered slices of bread (You should have two slices of bread with butter and mayonnaise on one side)
Sprinkle chili flakes on top of mayonnaise on one slice of the bread (the bottom slice of bread). Sprinkle 1 tablespoon of the Parmesan cheese and crumble blue cheese on top of the mayonnaise and chili flakes on the bottom slice of bread only
Place 1 slice of cheddar cheese on the  bottom slice of bread directly on top of mayonnaise, chili flakes, Parmesan and blue cheese
Slice red onion and tomato and place on top of the blue cheese and cheddar slice.  Sprinkle salt and pepper on the onion and tomato
Place the second slice of cheddar cheese on top of the seasoned onion and tomato. Close the sandwich with the second slice of buttered bread that's also been spread with mayonnaise. Spread butter on the top of the bread slice used to close the sandwich (the top side)
Carefully turn the buttered top side of the sandwich upside down (ensuring none of the filling falls out or is displaced); and place in heated frying pan. Butter the last unbuttered side of the bread in anticipation of turning the sandwich over to toast both sides of the bread. 6 to 10 minutes each side. Bread should be toasted, crispy and brown but not burnt
Once the sandwich is turned over to crisp the last side of the bread sprinkle the last tablespoon of Parmesan cheese on top and place the lid on the frying pan. This will keep the heat in the pan and allow the onion, tomato and cheese filling to soften further making the inside soft and gooey
When filling is warm, soft and gooey and the bread is nicely toasted on both sides remove from frying pan; place on a cooling rack for 2 minutes or set aside on wooden cutting board (needs to be a surface that can absorb the heat so the sandwich doesn't get wet or soft and can cool evenly. You don't want moisture to build that is caused by condensation); after two minutes place toasted sandwich on plate; cut in half and serve with a small cup of cream of tomato soup and a few slices of picketed beets on the side

Submitter: 
rquill67
Description: 
This is an adult grilled cheese sandwich. No crusts are cut in the making of this toasted stack of goodness. This is a full-fat and delicious toasted sandwich that you can share with a loved one. This dish goes well with a cup of cream of tomato soup and pickled beets (on the side)!  The trick to cooking this adult-sized sandwich is low and slow so that the fillings are ooey-gooey-good and the bread is crispy and brown.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
