URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64539721/henry-hills-new-england-clam-chowder/
Title:
Henry Hill's New England Clam Chowder Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3148909.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons oil (olive or vegetable)
3 ounces of salt pork, diced (optional)
1 large onion, diced (1 1/2  cups)
1 stalk celery, sliced thin (1/3 cup)
4 cups clam juice or 2 cups clam juice + 2 cups chicken broth
3/4 pond red potatoes, scrubbed and cut in 1-2" pieces
2 pounds canned or frozen clams, chopped
Dash mace (optional)
1/2 teaspoon black pepper (to taste)
2 cups half and half milk
3/4 cup milk
3 tablespoons flour
2 tablespoons butter
Oyster crackers

Directions:
Heat oil in a large soup pot over medium-low heat. Add salt pork and cook, stirring often, 5-10 minutes, until salt pork begins to brown. Add 1/4 cup water and stir to scrape up any bits stuck to the pan. Add onion and celery. Cook 5 minutes. Add 1/2 cup water and continue cooking over low heat for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally in case mixture starts to stick to the pan.
Add clam juice and/or brief and potatoes and cover pot. Simmer until potatoes are just tender (10-15 minutes). Do not over cook potatoes!
Add chopped clams, mace, and pepper. Cook 5-10 minutes. Stir in half and half, milk, and add flour, whisking to incorporate. Cook a few minutes, stirring, until it reaches desired thickness.
Stir in butter. Adjust seasonings. Serve with traditional oyster crackers or any cracker or bread if desired.

Submitter: 
Gerry Garcia
Description: 
Will the real deal-holder please stand up? Are you red, or are you white? I spent most of my life eating the red one, Manhattan, but to tell you the truth, I like 'em both. And Beantown sure knows their version. You can make this chowder with the toughest clams around, tough as elastic bands, it'll still work. I think that's why they started making it--they didn't want to waste the flavour the tough slams still had. -Henry Hill
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
