URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64538176/shrimp-pad-thai/
Title:
Shrimp Pad Thai Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8 ounces of rice noodles
2/3 cup chicken or vegetable stock (or water would even work in a pinch)
2 tablespoons soy sauce
2 tablespoons fish sauce (if you don’t have this, just use 2 tablespoons of soy and omit the fish sauce)
6 tablespoons brown sugar
6 tablespoons creamy peanut butter
2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice (about 1 lime)
2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar (if you don’t have this use white vinegar or 2 tablespoons lime juice and omit rice wine vinegar)
2 teaspoons to 2 tablespoons sambal oelek thai chili paste (depending on your spice tolerance)
2 teaspoons minced or grated fresh ginger or ginger paste (use 1/2 teaspoon of ground ginger if you don’t have this)
Dash of sriracha sauce (optional)
2 minced garlic cloves (approximately 2 tsp minced garlic or garlic paste, or two cubes frozen garlic)
1 teaspoon olive oil
2 pounds shrimp, peeled/deveined (I prefer medium-sized shrimp)
4 large eggs, beaten
Dash of soy sauce (optional) - add this to beaten eggs
1 cup bean sprouts
Bunch of green onions - cut off ends, thinly slice the whites and a little bit of the green, and discard the rest
Chopped cilantro
Chopped peanuts
Lime wedges
Sriracha

Directions:
Cook rice noodles according to stir-fry directions on package and set aside (generally this means soaking in boiling water for about 8 minutes and then draining)
In a large bowl, mix chicken stock, soy sauce, fish sauce, brown sugar, peanut butter, lime juice, vinegar, sambal oelek,  garlic, ginger, and sriracha (optional).  Whisk until well-blended.  Set aside.
In a large pan over medium heat, heat olive oil.  Add shrimp and cook for a minute, or until one side is pink.  Turn shrimp over and cook other side for 30 seconds until it starts to get pink.  Remove from heat.
In a separate pan, scramble the eggs until cooked, but still a little wet.  (Alternatively, you can remove the shrimp from the other pan, add the eggs, and then add the shrimp back to the pan).
Add the eggs to the pan with the shrimp and make sure that the chunks of egg are broken into small pieces.  Add rice noodles and sauce.  Place pan back on burner and heat on low-medium, stirring regularly until sauce is thickened (about 3-5 minutes).  Once the sauce has thickened, add the bean sprouts and green onions.  Mix well.
Serve with chopped cilantro, chopped peanuts, lime wedges, and sriracha sauce as garnish.

Submitter: 
HDN
Description: 
Quick and easy pad thai.  There's a lot of ingredients, but they're all really easy to measure out and everything cooks very quickly.  Can also be made with chicken - just brown the chicken and cook until it is almost cooked through before adding the shrimp/eggs.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
