URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64539112/magic-meatballs/
Title:
Magic Meatballs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Meatballs:
1 	single package of meat (ground turkey or ground beef)
1 		package of onion soup mix
1		egg
1		sleeve of saltine crackers
Salt and Pepper to taste
Sauce:
1		       34oz Bottle of ketchup
2tbsp 	       yellow Mustard
3-4tbsp	Apple Jelly or Orange Marmalade (whichever you can find at the store)
2-3tbsp	Spicy ketchup (I use Melinda’s Habanero ketchup)
Other items needed: Crock Pot, cookie sheet, 1 gallon size ziplock bag, sauce pan.

Directions:
Begin by making meatballs, Preheat oven to 375 degrees.  Empty saltines into a large ziplock bag and use a rolling pin or blunt object to crush the crackers into crumbs.  In a large bowl or kitchen aid mixer combine all meatball ingredients and mix thoroughly.  The kitchen aid mixer works best because it keeps your hands clean but also mixing with your hands will do just fine.  Use a cookie scoop or teaspoon to spoon out ping-pong size meatballs on to a cookie sheet lined with foil (this will help with clean up but is not necessary). Bake meatballs for 10-15 minutes then turn them over and bake for an additional 10 minutes.
While the meatballs are cooking start making the sauce.  In a small or medium size saucepan combine half the bottle of ketchup, mustard, jelly and spicy ketchup.  Heat mixture over medium heat until combined stirring often to prevent splatter (a whisk works best for this).  Pour the remaining ketchup into the crockpot and begin warming up the crockpot.  Once sauce mixture is combined mix into crock pot with ketchup and stir until combined.  Once meatballs are cooked place in crock pot and cook on high for 4-6 hours or on low for 8 hours.
*you may add more or less of the jelly or spicy ketchup depending on your taste preference.
If you don't have a crockpot or don't want to use a crockpot you can use a large soup pot and simmer the meatballs on the stove for about an hour and they will be ready to serve.

Submitter: 
Jennifer Rathbun
Description: 
This recipe is a long time family recipe.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
approx 15m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
