URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64531855/portugese-seafood-stew-caldierada-de-peixe-traditional/
Title:
Portugese Seafood Stew "Caldierada de Peixe Traditional" Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
18-20 Little neck clams
18-20 Mussels
3-4  halibut fillets
1 lb. Large Sea Scallops (8-10)
1 lb. Fresh shrimp cleaned and deveined (quarter sized)
3/4 lb. Spanish hard cured Chorizo
3 Lg. Sized russet  potatoes peeled and cut into 2 or 3" chunks.
2 med to lg Leeks cleaned and chopped
1 lg onion chopped
1 Lg  bell pepper
1 Lg yellow pepper
2 tsp. Garlic minced
3 Tbsp parsley. Roughly chopped
1 carton seafood stock 32oz.
1 1/2 c white wine (I perfer semi sweet)
2 med bay leaves
1 tsp Italian seasoning ( or 1/4  ea. Oregano, thyme & rosemary)
1 Tbsp. Lea & Perrin (yes he actually used it, who knew!)
1 28 oz. Can of crushed tomatoes
1 1/2 tsp Salt
1 tsp fresh ground black pepper
1 tsp seafood seasoning
1/4 c.  extra virgin olive oil
These ingredients can be extended to include or exclude various types of seafood or shell fish that are available in your area,  but  whatever you choose, please let it be fresh and not frozen!!

Directions:
Over med high heat. In a 6 qt dutch oven pour in olive oil  add Chorizo cook until  slightly brown, add  vegetables (leeks, onions garlic, peppers,  half of the parsley and other herbs).  Pour in crush tomatoes, bay leaf,  let cook until slightly reduced about 15 min on med low heat.  Then add halibut and white wine and lea & perrin let cook 15 min  more then add the remaining seafood with the scallops and shrimp being the last addition along with the seafood seasoning . Cover and let simmer until mussels and clams are opened.. ADD SALT AND PEPPER TO TASTE!  Finish with remaining  fresh parsley roughly chopped.  Serve with french/italian crusty bread enjoy!

Submitter: 
Ms.Chae916
Description: 
I had the wonderful opportunity to have dinner in Lisbon, Portugal in one of the more urban cafes. And it was  indeed a fantastic meal! Fresh seafood, the  hint of sweetness from the sea scallops, shrimp & halibut. The white wine infused stock  along with the smokiness and tang of the chorizo was memorable to say the least.  I know you will enjoy it as did I, btw this is an authentic recipe via the chef/owner of th resturant.  Serve with  warm french/ any  italian crusty bread to soak up all that delicious broth, a salad  and a glass of your  favorite white wine good company of friends. Magic
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 mins
Ready in:
1 1/2 hrs.
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
