URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64531480/split-pea-with-ham-soup/
Title:
Split Pea with Ham Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3052612.jpg
Ingredients:
16 oz. bag split peas
2 Tbsp. baking soda
32-48 oz. water x 2
2 Tbsp. Better than bullion Vegetable
4 large carrots peeled and sliced
1 large sweet onion peeled and diced
I medium Idaho Potato, peeled and diced
3 cloves garlic smashed and minced
3 bay leaves
2 Tbsp. minced fresh thyme
pinch safflower (Mexican saffron)
Tbsp. Balsamic Reduction
1 Tbsp. Salt
1/2 tsp. crushed red pepper flakes
1/4 tsp. celery seed
1 Tbsp. Herb de Provence
1/4 tsp. ground black pepper
1 large Ham Steak cubed

Directions:
Rinse dried split peas well in fresh water and drain.  Place in large 6-8 quart pot and add quart of water, bring to a boil. When they begin boiling I put a few tablespoons baking soda in the water until it stops reacting, rinse again in colander under fresh water and add back to pot with 32 oz. fresh water. I find this flashing technique reduces heartburn and gas some get from legumes. I reserve additional 2 cups water for if the soup needs thinning later as it simmers.  Add remaining ingredients and bring to simmer and turn to low heat for approx. 2 1/2 hours until thickened.  Don't panic if it is a bit salty while cooking, add another potato. Serve with sour cream, croutons or crusty French bread.

Submitter: 
Coleen Bergeron
Description: 
A tasty version of an old favorite and a perfect tradition for New Years. I actually double this recipe so I can enjoy the leftovers. This time I added a Tablespoon of balsamic reduction and safflower just to see if it changed or adds anything but the light lavender pops from the spices I listed that I traditionally use. Also, you can optionally add fresh sliced celery but I like the creamy version best. I actually simmer on very low heat for at least 4 hours.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
