URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64539430/spicy-spaghetti-casseroles-makes-2/
Title:
Spicy Spaghetti Casseroles (makes 2) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb       Ground Beef
1 pkg   Italian Sausage (mild or hot - your choice)
1 cup   Onion, diced
3-4        Garlic Cloves, minced
1 Tbl    Olive Oil
1 jar      Bertolenni or Classico Marinara with Basil, Garlic, Olive Oil
1 can    Rotel Original
1 can    Fire Roasted Petite Diced Tomatoes (14.5 oz)
1 sm     Tomato Sauce or 3 Tbl Paste
1/2 cup Red Wine (optional)
1 tsp     Italian Seasoning
1/2 tsp Thyme
1/4 tsp Red Pepper Flakes
1 tsp     Salt
1/2 tsp Pepper
3             Bay Leaves
1-2 tsp  Rosemary, fresh minced
1 pkg     Barilla Angel Hair Pasta
1/4 cup Butter
2 tsp      Basil fresh or 1 tsp dried
Optional toppings prior to baking to split between both casseroles:
3              Garlic cloves, chopped fresh not sauteed
1/2 cup Parmesan Cheese freshly shredded
1/4 cup Parmesan Grated

Directions:
If putting on optional toppings or if reheating, preheat oven to 350.
Saute onions and garlic in olive oil until softened. Remove from pan and set aside. If lean meat then add more olive oil and brown ground beef and Italian sausage. Add all seasonings other than Basil to the meat. Drain excess grease. Add softened onion and garlic. Add sauce, rotel, and diced tomatoes and bring to boil. Continue to simmer over low to medium heat stirring every 15 minutes for one hour.  During the last 20 minutes cook the spaghetti according to package directions. Drain pasta and divide into two greased casserole dishes. Microwave butter with basil until melted.  Pour butter over pasta evenly between dishes and mix in. Pour sauce over noodles; mix with noodles. Top each casserole with optional toppings and melt in oven. If reheating second casserole, bake for 45 minutes covered in foil, bake additional 15 uncovered.

Submitter: 
Cindy
Description: 
Spicy spaghetti great for taking places. Makes 2 casserole dishes. You can eliminate red pepper flakes and exchange rotel with a second can of fire roasted petite diced tomatoes if you wish to have a non-spicy casserole.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
1:20
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
