URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64537954/glazed-fried-chicken-with-old-bay-and-cayenne/
Title:
Glazed Fried Chicken with Old Bay and Cayenne Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
9.5 oz kosher salt (1 cup Morton or 1 2/3 cups Diamond Crystal)
1/3 C (packed) light brown sugar
3/4 C hot sauce (preferably Crystal)
2 (3 1/2 – 4-pound) chickens, cut into 8 pieces (legs and thighs separated, breasts halved), backbone and wing tips removed
4 C all-purpose flour
6 Tbls Old Bay seasoning
3 C buttermilk
Glaze and assembly:
3/4 C lard
1 Tbls Old Bay seasoning
2 tsp paprika
1 1/2 tsp cayenne pepper
Vegetable oil (for frying; about 4 quarts)
Special equipment:
A deep-fry thermometer

Directions:
Chicken: Heat salt, brown sugar, and 4 cups water in a large pot over medium, whisking, until salt and sugar dissolve, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in hot sauce and 8 cups ice water. Add chicken to brine, cover, and chill 4 hours.
Combine 2 cups flour and 3 tablespoons Old Bay seasoning in a shallow baking dish and toss with your fingers to evenly distribute seasoning. Place buttermilk in a medium bowl. Remove chicken from brine and pat dry with paper towels.
Working one at a time, dip 8 pieces of chicken in buttermilk, allowing excess to drip off, then coat in flour mixture, packing all around chicken and pressing firmly into cracks and crevices; shake off excess. Place chicken on a wire rack set inside a rimmed baking sheet. Discard flour mixture, which will be wet at this point, and repeat process with remaining flour, Old Bay, buttermilk, and chicken; place on another wire rack set inside a rimmed baking sheet. Chill, uncovered, 12–24 hours.
Glaze and assembly: Let chicken stand at room temperature 30 minutes.
Heat lard, Old Bay, paprika, and cayenne in a small saucepan over low, stirring, until lard is melted, about 3 minutes. Set glaze aside.
Pour oil into a large pot fitted with deep-fry thermometer to come halfway up the sides. Heat over medium-high until thermometer registers 325°. Working in 4 batches, fry chicken, turning often with tongs and adjusting heat to maintain temperature, until skin is deep golden brown and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of chicken registers 165° for dark meat and 160° for white meat, 10–12 minutes per batch. Transfer chicken back to wire racks and let rest 5 minutes. Brush lightly with glaze (reheat glaze, if needed) and let cool. Store on racks at room temperature up to 3 hours ahead.

Submitter: 
Jack
Description: 
Three steps to success: A flavorful brine infuses the chicken with seasoning and keeps it juicy, an overnight chill allows the crust to set, and a spicy glaze seals the deal.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 d
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
