URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64542995/white-bean-and-mushroom-meatballs/
Title:
White Bean and Mushroom "Meatballs" Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 (15 oz.) cans white cannellini beans, rinsed and drained
10 oz. button mushrooms, scrubbed with a damp towel to remove dirt and chopped
1/2 cup seasoned breadcrumbs
3/4 cup parmesan cheese, grated, plus extra for garnish
1 yellow onion, finely chopped
2 cloves garlic, minced
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
2 tablespoons fresh parsley, chopped
2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice
1 1/2 teaspoons oregano
1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes, or to taste
kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste
2 eggs, beaten
Panko breadcrumbs
marinara sauce, optional

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375º F and line 1-2 baking sheet(s) with parchment paper.
Heat olive oil in a large pan or skillet over medium-high heat and saute onion until softened. 5-7 minutes.
During the last 2 minutes of cooking, add mushrooms and garlic and cook until tender and fragrant.
Season everything with oregano, red pepper flakes, salt and pepper, then add drained white beans and lemon juice and stir together.
Pour  1/2 cup breadcrumbs, parmesan cheese and parsley, into food processor and pulse together.
Transfer mixture to food processor and pulse everything for 10-15 seconds, or until combined.
Place Panko breadcrumbs in a shallow dish and season with salt and pepper (and red pepper flakes, if so desired).
Use a spoon to form small, equal-sized “meatballs,” dip them in egg mixture and roll them each in Panko breadcrumbs before placing on lined baking sheet.
Place baking trays in oven and bake for 20 minutes, or until browned on top.
Remove trays from oven and flip meatballs over, then return to oven for another 20 minutes, or until browned.
Remove from oven and serve, as is, or with marinara sauce and extra cheese.

Submitter: 
Sudie B
Description: 
These are a delicious vegetarian substitute for meatballs.  9 Weight watcher points. Adapted from a recipe found on 12 Tomatoes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
