URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64546271/perfect-chewy-maple-cookies-with-maple-glaze/
Title:
Perfect Chewy Maple Cookies with Maple Glaze Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3233516.jpg
Ingredients:
COOKIE BATTER
1 cup butter (2 sticks)
2 cups packed brown sugar
2 eggs
1 cup real maple syrup
1-2 tsp maple extract (optional) This is for more maple flavor if you prefer.
4 cups of all purpose flour
4 tsp baking powder
1 tsp salt
GLAZE
1 1/2 cups of powdered sugar
3 TBS melted butter
1/3 cup real maple syrup
Mix all ingredients together until well blended. If the glaze is too thick you can add a couple of drops more of maple syrup or water to thin out.

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375°
Grease cookie sheets or line with parchment
In a large mixing bowl, cream together the butter and sugar until light and fluffy.
Beat in the eggs, maple syrup and (optional- maple extract) until fluffy.
Combine the flour, salt and baking powder and with mixer off, add to the creamed ingredients. Turn mixer on low and mix until just combined.
Drop by rounded tablespoonfuls onto the greased or lined cookie sheets.
Bake in the 375° oven for 10-12 minutes until cookies are lightly golden browned. the tops will be cracked.
Remove from pans to cool.
When cookies are completely cooled. Drizzle glaze over the tops. I use the whisk or fork that I mix the glaze with. I dip it into the glaze and then go back and forth over the cookies.
These freeze really well if you don't eat them all first!

Submitter: 
MARGARET N
Description: 
These cookies are the perfect chewy cookie made with real maple syrup and topped off with a maple glaze.  If you make them with just the maple syrup, they will have a light maple flavor. To boost the flavor you may choose to add maple extract to the batter. I personally like the lighter flavor but you can adjust to your taste.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
48
Nutritional Facts:
NA
