URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64545129/roti-dewa/
Title:
Roti Dewa Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3217715.jpg
Ingredients:
1-1/4 cups  - Antimo Caputo "00" Flour (Amazon) or bread flour;
1/2 cup  -  Buckwheat flour
1/4 cup -  Tartine yeast starter, soured
2 tsp - Fennel seeds;
1 tsp - Coriander seeds;
1  Cardamom seed or 1/2 tsp ground cardamom
2 tsp  - Caraway seeds;
2 tbsp - Onion powder (Not granulated onion)
2 cups - Water (Adjusted for altitude and/or humidity)
2 tbsp extra virgin olive oil
3 tsp Himalayan Pink salt or other salt that is not fine grind.
Ghee for griddling

Directions:
Six (6) hours prior to serving,  pour 1/4 cup of the yeast starter into the mixing bowl.  Add flour and onion powder.
Grab a small pan and put in the spices. Toast over medium to medium low heat until fragrant about 2-4 min. While toasting, giving the seeds an occasional shake to move them around in the pan. Remove the spices from the heat and carefully scrape using a silicon spatula or other soft utensil from the pan into a spice grinder, coffee grinder or pestle.  Grind up the spice mix finely. Add to the mixer work bowl. Add the oil and 1-1/2 cups of the water. Attach the flat beater. Beat at lowest speed to until all ingredients are incorporated. If it is coming up lumpy, add water and beat at low speed until it resembles a thick cake batter or pancake batter. Remove the paddle and scrape it off. Scrape down the sides of the bowl so there is nothing sticking on there that will dry.
Place in a proofing oven or a warm, draft-free space for at least six hours.
Heat a crepe maker or a griddle with enough room to make a 6-8 inch roti to  a medium setting, or around 300°F . Let come to full heat before starting. Mise En Place - Getting your things together before proceeding. You'll need: A soup ladle; A wooden "T" called a crepe spreader that you can make from 1/4"  dowels or buy at Amazon http://amzn.to/1NS1qSi; A wooden crepe turner ( http://amzn.to/1NS25TO ) or plastic spatula with a longer blade; A spoon for the ghee; 2 silicon spatulas medium; A clean kitchen towel to cover the plate; Six sheets of parchment paper or paper towels; A plate for stacking; Water and possibly a flat pan for cleaning the crepe spreader.
Get the dough batter. It should have risen a little overnight, and have a few bubbles in it, and a faintly yeasty smell.  It may have a bit of a crust on the surface. This is normal. Give the batter a gentle stir to break up the surface and test how thick it is. If it has absorbed too much liquid and dried out a bit, just add a bit of water and fold gently until it gets to the right consistency.
Grease the griddle with a teaspoon of the ghee, and spread it into a circle 6" wide with the silicon spatula. Ladle dough into center of the griddle. Using spreader with the tip in the center, turn it counterclockwise in a circle gently to spread the batter into a 6-8" bread. Keep spreading until distributed and the holes from the first pass are filled in.  Clean the spreader. Turn the bread when no wet dough spots are left. Cook a few seconds. Put on parchment, and put a piece of parchment on top. Cover with towel.  Repeat. Serve topped with spicy, aromatic foods, and tear off a bit to eat with them.

Submitter: 
The Jazz Chef
Description: 
A wonderful, fragrant flatbread with a hint of sourdough that is my improvised hybrid of an Indian roti and an Ethiopian injera .  They are great under any good Ethiopian dish, and or a nice solid curry or really any well spiced dish, or just eggs. Serve them on top of it, and just tear bits of the bread to eat with the food on top. It will soak up the sauce or juices of whatever is served on it and add to the goodness!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
6 -7 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
