URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64547077/wonton-ravioli-with-white-sauce/
Title:
Wonton Ravioli with White Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3243852.jpg
Ingredients:
Ravioli Filling:
1/2 pound ground beef
1/2 pound ground pork
3/4 cup ricotta cheese
8 mushrooms finely chopped
1 medium white or yellow onion finely chopped
2 teaspoon minced garlic (from jar)
2 egg yolks
1 tablespoon coconut oil
1 cup Panko bread crumbs
1/4 cup chopped fresh basil, or 1 tablespoons dried basil or 2 tablespoons stir-in paste basil
1 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon black ground pepper
1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper
Homemade White Pasta Sauce:
2 tablespoons salted butter
1 tablespoon flour
2 cups whole (or 1 and 1/2 cups 2% milk and a 1/2 cup of whipping cream)
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1/2 teaspoon dried basil
1/4 teaspoon ground white pepper
Pinch of Cayenne pepper
(Or prepared pasta sauce from a jar)
Wontons:
1 package (12-ounce to 16-ounce package) of wonton wrappers (60 wonton wrappers)
1 whole egg plus 2 egg whites (separated for ravioli filling) for egg wash
For Serving:
1/2 cup finely chopped parsley (Italian parsley or cilantro)
Grated Parmesan cheese to taste

Directions:
Heat a large sauté pan to medium heat add coconut oil. Meanwhile finely chop the white (or yellow) onion and mushrooms.  Add to the pan and add the salt and pepper. Sauté for about 15 minutes until onions are golden and translucent and the mushrooms are slightly browned. Remove from pan and place in a large mixing bowl
Add the ground beef and pork to the sauté pan. Stir and brown on medium heat for about 12 minutes  (until meet is cooked and no longer pink). Add minced garlic, cayenne  and basil.  Stir until fragrant and add to the large mixing bowl with the onions and mushrooms and let mixture cool for about 10 minutes
Add ricotta cheese, Panko bread crumbs, egg yolks and stir until well mixed. Add Parmesan cheese and stir into mixture. This filling freezes well. (*Separate half of the filling and store in freezer for the next time you get a craving)
Meanwhile make a roux for the homemade white pasta sauce. (*Note you can also use prepared sauce from a jar) Begin by heating the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Once the butter is melted and just beginning to bubble then whisk in flour to form a thick paste the consistency of cake frosting. Continue whisking as the roux gently bubbles and cooks to the shade desired. Add more butter or flour (whichever you need) to reach the desired consistency??Once the mixture starts to bubble, reduce heat to low and cut back on the whisking. Cook until you smell a toasty aroma and the mixture is just starting to turn beige. (This is when you know the flour is cooked and your sauce won't taste like wallpaper paste). Immediately stir in milk a little at a time and whisk (a little more and whisk), and repeat until all the milk is mixed into the roux. The mixture will thicken. Add pepper, cayenne pepper, dried basil and Parmesan cheese and continue to whisk. Turn saucepan to simmer and let sit
To assemble the wonton ravioli, place a wonton wrapper on a clean, dry work surface and brush the entire wrapper with egg wash. Keep the remaining wonton wrappers covered while you work to prevent them from drying out. Place 1 tablespoon of ravioli filling in the centre of the wonton wrapper
To cover, gently stretch another wonton overtop, connecting the edges of the wrappers and pressing to secure. Gently lift the ravioli, cupping your hands over the filling to release any air inside, then pinch around rim to secure the wonton and place it on a dry tray. Repeat with the remaining wontons
To cook, bring salted water to a boil in a sauté pan and gently place five wontons in the boiling water, stirring frequently, until the wonton is translucent and the filling is heated inside the ravioli approximately 2 to 3 minutes
To serve, place the wonton ravioli in a large bowl, drizzle with the homemade white pasta sauce (or pr

Submitter: 
rquill67
Description: 
This is truly my families favorite pasta / non-pasta fusion dish. The wontons add a silky and chewy texture. I use a homemade white pasta sauce, but you can top this dish with your favorite homemade pasta sauce, store-bought pasta sauce, hoi sin sauce or sweet thai chili sauce. My mouth is watering already! Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
