URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64548536/pasta-e-ceci-italian-chickpea-and-pasta-stew/
Title:
Pasta e Ceci (Italian Chickpea and pasta stew) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3283482.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup of dry chickpeas
1 Tbsp baking soda
1 yellow onion
1 stalk of celery
1 small zucchini
1 medium carrot
2 stewed, peeled tomatoes
2 Tbsp olive oil
5 cups of chicken broth, you may not need all of it
240g pasta ditalini, I use Barilla® gluten free
1 sprig of fresh sage leaves
1 sprig fresh rosemary
1 sprig of fresh thyme
1 fresh cayenne pepper, or more to taste
1 Tbsp EVOO
Salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Rinse the chickpeas under cool water. With your hands, pick up handfuls of chickpeas and rub them together under the water to wash the chickpeas. In a large stew pot, cover the chickpeas with water and add the baking soda swirling the chickpeas and water to distribute the baking soda. Leave to soak for 8 hours or overnight.
The next day strain and rinse the chickpeas eliminating any skins or unwanted chickpeas that may be discoloured.
On the large teeth of a cheese grater, grate the onion, celery, zucchini, and the carrot. (This step is very important as grated vegetables give a different flavor than diced.) Sauté the vegetables in the olive oil for 1 minute, add the sage, rosemary, and thyme. Sauté until the onions are translucent.
Add 3 cups of broth, all the chickpeas, and the tomatoes.
Bring to a boil and simmer until the chickpeas are tender, about an hour. Once the chickpeas are tender, add the pasta and any more liquid if necessary. The idea is not to have a soup, but a thick, stew-like consistency, so add more broth only as needed.
Once the pasta is al dente, taste and add salt and/or pepper if desired. When done, remove from the heat source and divide into separate bowls. Top with  diced hot pepper and a drizzle of EVOO.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
An Italian classic. It is the star in my favourite Italian movie, I Soliti Sospetti, where the Usual Suspects try to steal money from a bank vault, but instead break into the wrong building and end up eating pasta with chickpeas in someone's kitchen. This is Italian comfort food. If you can't find ditalini pasta, use spaghetti that have been broken into pieces.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
