URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64547248/fried-pb-j/
Title:
Fried PB & J Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 8-oz tube crescent roll dough
1/2 c. peanut butter
2 rhubarb stalks, diced
1/2 lemon, juiced
2 T. honey, or more to taste
1/4 c. sugar
1 T. water
1/2 to 1 c. strawberries, as you prefer
Vegetable oil, for frying

Directions:
Make your jam (or skip this step if you have prepared jam). Combine rhubarb, lemon, honey, sugar and water over high heat and stir until rhubarb softens into pulp. Add strawberries and cook until they've fallen apart and most of the liquid is dissolved, around 5 minutes. Remove from heat and taste, adding honey or sugar if it's too sour (you want some tartness to cut through the peanut butter, so be wary of making it too sweet). Cool for 10 minutes.
Portion out your fillings. Place parchment paper over a cookie sheet. Use measuring spoons to dispense 8 portions each of jam and peanut butter onto the paper in 1/2-tablespoon-sized dollops (yes, you'll have leftover jam; keep it to spoon over ice cream or oatmeal). Cover with plastic wrap and place cookie sheets in freezer until fillings are solid enough for handling (at least 3 hours or overnight).
Prepare your dough. Roll out tube of dough onto lightly floured parchment paper and press dough together at seams if you have perforated dough. Use a lightly floured rolling pin to help seal these edges and stretch the dough slightly, swiping once in each direction.  Use a 2" cookie cutter to make 16 rounds of dough and place these on parchment.
Fill the dough. When your fillings are set, pull them from the freezer and place 1 each of the pb and jam in the center of 8 dough rounds. Place another dough round on top and press together edges to seal, rolling up edges slightly and crimping to ensure a seal. Place prepared crescent pockets in freezer to rest while you heat your oil.
Fry your PB&J! Heat oil to 350 degrees and when ready, drop in pockets, 3 at a time, using a small wooden spoon to flip them fairly continuously and achieve a golden color, about a minute total on each side. Remove and drain on paper towels. Dust with powdered sugar, if you like. Eat while warm and gooey.

Submitter: 
Matt Wencl
Description: 
Hot rhubarb jam and creamy peanut butter join forces inside a fried crescent roll and conspire to be your new favorite party snack. Use another jam or jelly if you like, but tartness really matters here, and this jam comes together quickly. These are best eaten shortly after frying, while the crescent is crisp and the peanut butter is melted.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
3.5 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
