URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64546720/healthy-chocolate-berry-bars/
Title:
Healthy Chocolate Berry Bars Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3239053.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups almond flour
2 tsp coconut flour
4 tbsp coconut sugar
1/2 tsp salt
1/2 tsp baking soda
4 tbsp reduced sugar maple syrup
1/2 cup melted coconut oil
1/4 cup unsweetened almond milk
3 ounces dark chocolate
2 tbsp unsweetened cocoa powder
1 cup fresh berries

Directions:
Preheat oven 350 degrees F and line an 8x8 square baking dish with parchment paper.
In a large bowl, combine almond flour, coconut flour, coconut sugar, salt and baking soda. I combined mine with a fork to breakup any clumps of flour.
Add the maple syrup and coconut oil to the flour mixture. It will be sticky, somewhat runny mixture.
Place the mixture in the prepared baking dish, pressing it evenly throughout the pan with your hand. Bake 15-18 minutes until golden brown.
Remove from the oven and let the mixture cool completely about 1 hour.
To a small saucepan, add almond milk and bring to a boil. Once boiling, add cocoa powder and chocolate and reduce to medium-low. Stir continuously for 10-12 minutes until a thick chocolatey mixture appears. The chocolate should be a little runny like a glaze. If it is too runny, add a little extra cocoa powder to thicken.
Pour the chocolate mixture over the crust, spreading evenly throughout with a baking spatula.
Arrange berries on the top of the chocolate, pressing slightly into the chocolate.
Place the bars in the freezer 2-3 hours until set. Then cut into 16 bars.
Store bars in the freezer until gone. They will go quickly!

Submitter: 
Megan Olson
Description: 
Grain free, paleo, vegan Chocolate Berry Bars made with an almond, coconut crust, generously filled with a luscious chocolate sauce and topped with a garden of fresh berries. This decadent treat is a healthy dessert that will satisfy any sweet tooth!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
