URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64540506/classic-meatloaf/
Title:
Classic Meatloaf Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 carrot, coarsely chopped
1 rib celery, coarsely chopped
1/2 onion, coarsely chopped
1/2 red bell pepper, coarsely chopped
4 white mushrooms, coarsely chopped
3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped
2 1/2 lbs ground LEAN chuck
1 TBLS Worcestershire sauce
1 egg, beaten
1 tsp dried Italian herbs
2 tsp salt
1 tsp ground black pepper
1/2 tsp cayenne pepper
1 C plain bread crumbs
1 tsp olive oil
Glaze Ingredients:
2 TBLS brown sugar
2 TBLS ketchup
2 TBLS Dijon mustard
hot pepper sauce to taste

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.
Place the carrot, celery, onion, red bell pepper, mushrooms, and garlic in a food processor, and pulse until very finely chopped, almost to a puree. Place the minced vegetables into a large mixing bowl, and mix in ground chuck, Worcestershire sauce, and egg. Add Italian herbs, salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper. Mix gently with a wooden spoon to incorporate vegetables and egg into the meat. Pour in bread crumbs. With your hand, gently mix in the crumbs with your fingertips just until combined, about 1 minute.
Form the meatloaf into a ball. Pour olive oil into a baking dish and place the ball of meat into the dish. Shape the ball into a loaf, about 4 inches high by 6 inches across.
Bake in the preheated oven just until the meatloaf is hot, about 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, in a small bowl, mix together brown sugar, ketchup, Dijon mustard, and hot sauce. Stir until the brown sugar has dissolved.
Remove the meatloaf from the oven. With the back of a spoon, smooth the glaze onto the top of the meatloaf, then pull a little bit of glaze down the sides of the meatloaf with the back of the spoon.
Return meatloaf to oven, and bake until the loaf is no longer pink inside and the glaze has baked onto the loaf, 30 to 40 more minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the loaf should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C). Cooking time will depend on shape and thickness of the meatloaf.

Submitter: 
Jack
Description: 
The secret to this meatloaf are fresh, finely diced vegetables that give it moisture and flavor--and a light touch in mixing together the ingredients. This hearty meatloaf is the perfect meal for cool fall and winter evenings, served with mashed potatoes and a simple mushroom gravy.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
2 hrs
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
