URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64545575/salisbury-steak/
Title:
Salisbury Steak Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3222973.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound ground beef
1 egg
1/4 cup bread crumbs
1/8 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 shallot, micro planed or finely grated
1-2 cloves of garlic, micro planed or finely grated
1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
1 med. onion, thinly sliced
3 oz. cremini mushrooms, roughly chopped
4 tbs all-purpose flour
2 tsp. parsley, divided
2 tbs olive oil
2 tbs butter or Earth Balance
1 glug of red wine
2 cup beef broth
Oil for cooking onions and mushrooms

Directions:
Combine, egg, bread crumbs, shallot, 1 tsp of parsley, garlic and Worcestershire sauce in a bowl. Stir well and add the beef. Mix gently and form into 6 equal portions. Place the patties on a plate, cover with plastic wrap and place in fridge for one hour. This step isn't necessary but it does help the flavour.
Remove from fridge 30 minutes before starting to cook.
Put a small amount of oil in a heavy pan and cook onions, on low, until brown. About 10 minutes. Don't rush the onions, you want them almost caramelized.
Remove the onions and set aside.
Add a little oil to the pan and add the mushrooms.
Cook, stirring frequently, until mushrooms are browned. About 3-4 minutes.
Set aside.
Add a little oil to the pan and brown the patties, about 4 minutes per side. Remove to a warm plate.
Add 2 tbs of oil and 2 tbs of butter or Earth Balance to the pan, heat until the butter is melted.
Add the 4 tbs of flour and stir until mixture is brown and foamy.
Slowly add the broth, stirring quickly, until gravy is smooth. If it's too thick add a little more beef broth.
Add the other tsp of parsley and the wine.
Taste and season with salt and pepper.
Return the patties and any juices to the pan, turn to coat, and simmer for 15 minutes.
Stir occasionally.
Serve over mashed potatoes .

Submitter: 
Bren
Description: 
A wonderful way to dress up a pound of ground beef.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
about 30 mins.
Ready in:
1 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
