URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64540501/chicken-meatballs-polenta-with-tomato-sugo-lacinato-kale/
Title:
Chicken Meatballs & Polenta with Tomato Sugo & Lacinato Kale Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
10 oz ground chicken
3/4 cup polenta
1 14-oz can whole peeled tomatoes
4 cloves garlic
1/2 bunch lacinato kale (about 2 leaves)
2 tbsp butter
2 tbsp whole wheat breadcrumbs (or gluten-free breadcrumbs)
1/2 cup grated parmesan
2 tsp chicken meatball spice (mix of onion powder, garlic powder, ground fennel seed, ground bay leaf, and ground cayenne pepper)
Olive oil
Salt
Pepper

Directions:
Prepare the ingredients: In a medium pot, heat 3 cups of water and a big pinch of salt to boiling on high.  While the water is boiling, peel and mince the garlic.  Remove and discard the kale stems; thinly slice the leaves into small strips.    Place the tomatoes in a bowl; gently break apart the whole tomatoes with your hands.
Cook the polenta: Slowly add the polenta to the pot of boiling water, whisking to break up any clumps.  Reduce the heat to low and simmer, whisking occasionally, 10-12 minutes, or until thickened and tender.  (If the polenta seems too thick, gradually add up to 1/4 cup of water to achieve your desired consistency.)  Remove from heat and whisk in the butter until thoroughly combined; season with salt and pepper to taste.  Set aside in a warm place.
Form the meatballs: While the polenta cooks, in a large bowl, combine the ground chicken, breadcrumbs, spice blend, half the cheese, and half the garlic; season with salt and pepper.  Gently mix until just combined.  Using your hands, form the mixture into 12-16 equal-sized meatballs.
Brown the meatballs: While the polenta continues to cook, in a large nonstick pan, heat 2 tsp of olive oil on medium-high until hot.  Add the meatballs and cook, turning occasionally, 4-6 minutes or until browned on all sides (does not have to be cooked through yet.)
Make the tomato sugo & finish the meatballs: Add the kale and remaining garlic to the pan of meatballs; season with salt & pepper.  Cook, stirring occasionally, 1-2 minutes, or until the kale has wilted.  Add the tomatoes and 1/3 cup water and cook, stirring occasionally, 4 to 6 minutes or until the sauce has thickened and the meatballs are cooked through (you may need to lower the temperature to medium or medium-low).  Remove rom heat and season with salt and pepper to taste.
Serve your dish: Divide the cooked polenta between two dishes.  Top with the finished meatballs and tomato sugo.  Garnish with the remaining cheese.  Enjoy!

Submitter: 
HDN
Description: 
Great comfort food, and easy to make - especially if you can find some pre-formed chicken meatballs! From BlueApron.com media.blueapron.com/recipes/1474/c_card_pdfs/20160112-1928-22-7232/Chicken-Meatballs.pdf
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
