URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64543570/chicken-pad-thai/
Title:
Chicken Pad Thai Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 package flat rice noodles (ban pho or similar found in asian food section of your grocery store)
2 Gallon boiling hot water
1/2 cup fish sauce
1/4 cup agave syrup or 3 Tb sugar
juice of 1 lime (2 Tbs)
3 garlic cloves minced
1 tsp coconut oil
1 egg scrambled
2 Tb coconut oil
8 oz raw chicken, thinly sliced
1 medium onion sliced thinly
1 shallot sliced thinly (optional)
1/4 green cabbage sliced thinly
1 cup shredded carrots or broccoli slaw
sriracha sauce (as desired, optional)
2 Tb Thai basil (substitute fresh basil & mint if not available)
1/2 cup roughly chopped peanuts (or kept whole if desired)

Directions:
Bring 2 gallons of water to a boil, turn off the heat, and toss in rice noodles.  Stir them after 5 minutes and then remove after 10 minutes, draining and rinsing in a colander.
Combine fish sauce, lime, agave syrup, and minced garlic in a bowl and set aside.
In a small omelet pan, heat up the tsp of coconut oil and on a low flame, cook the egg until cooked through without flipping.  Set aside on a cutting board until cooled.  Roll in a log roll and slice thinly into strips.  Set aside.
In a large rondo/saute pan, on high heat, add 2 Tbs coconut oil.  Saute chicken, onions, and shallots until fairly browned.  Add remaining vegetables and noodles, sauteing them until well combined.
Add the fish sauce, basil, omelet slices, dash of sriracha sauce, toss well, and cover with a lid for 2 minutes.
Remove lid and toss in peanuts on top.  Serve in pan or place on large platter.  Garnish with a chiffonade of Thai basil and chopped peanuts if desired.

Submitter: 
Karen Barris Calabro
Description: 
A classic authentic dish made simpler than most.  Additional vegetables such as eggplant, squash, peppers, green beans, broccoli, snow peas, and mushrooms can be tossed in as well.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
25 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
