URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64548611/chef-julies-chewy-healthy-granola-bars/
Title:
Chef Julie's Chewy Healthy Granola Bars Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups quick cooking oats
3/4 cup wheat bran
1/2 cup raw sunflower seeds
1/2 cup raw pumpkin seeds
1 cup roasted cashews, chopped
2/3 cup Demerara or brown sugar
1/2 cup honey or brown rice syrup
4 tbsp coconut oil or butter
2 tsp maple or vanilla extract
1/2 tsp salt
1/2 cup packed dried cranberries or other tart fruit
1/2 cup chopped pitted dates

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees Fahrenheit.
Line a 9"x 13" baking pan with parchment and set aside, you will be using this to mold your finished bars.
In a large bowl mix together oats, wheat germ, sunflower seeds and pumpkin seeds and pour on to a cookie sheet, spreading out evenly. Toast in oven for about 7-10 minutes until everything is lightly toasted. You should stir occasionally to prevent the edges from over cooking. Remove from oven, and let cool slightly. You can turn off your oven now!
Meanwhile, in a small saucepan mix together the oil or butter, honey or syrup, and brown sugar. Bring to a boil and remove from the heat. This is just to dissolve the sugar.
Add the vanilla or maple extract.
Place all the ingredients into the large bowl you started with and mix it up nice and thoroughly.
Pour your gooey granola into the 9x13 pan. To make things easier to press, you can do one of two things: wet your hands slightly and press firmly until you have an even block of granola (keep wetting them as needed); or use a piece of parchment paper to press down with instead. Personal preference here people!
Once it's all pressed WELL, now you can sit back and wait for it to set up. I like to give it about an hour before I knock it out onto a cutting board and then cut into desired sized bars.  Bon appetit!

Submitter: 
Julie
Description: 
Once you make these you won't buy another box of overpriced, pre packaged bars. So easy and good for you!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
