URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64545023/thai-coconut-soup/
Title:
Thai Coconut Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
?1 lb. boneless skinless chicken breasts;
?1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced;
?1 red bell pepper, sliced;
?4 garlic cloves, minced;
?2-inch piece of  fresh ginger, peeled and finely chopped;
?1 large carrot, peeled and shredded;
?1 jalapeño, seeded and minced;
?1 cup shiitake mushrooms, sliced;
?4 cups chicken stock;
?1 can full-fat coconut milk (14 oz.)
?1 tbsp. fish sauce;
?1 tsp. lime zest;
?Fresh minced herbs, such as cilantro or basil;
?Lime wedges (for serving);
?2 tbsp. cooking fat;
?Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste;

Directions:
?In a large saucepan, heat the cooking fat over a medium heat.
?Cook the scallions, garlic, and ginger, stirring frequently, until softened (about 5 minutes).
?Add the carrot, red bell pepper, jalapeño, and mushroom, and cook until softened (about 3-4 minutes).
?Add the chicken, chicken stock, coconut milk, and fish sauce.
?Bring the soup to a boil then reduce to a simmer and cook until the chicken is cooked through (15 to 20 minutes).
?Remove the chicken from the soup. Shred it into chunks and return to the pot.
?Stir in the lime zest, the fresh herbs, and salt and pepper to taste, and remove from the heat.
?Garnish each bowl with a lime wedge to serve.
#paleoleap

Submitter: 
SC949
Description: 
Tom kha kai is a hot and spicy soup native to Laos and Thailand, typically prepared with coconut milk, chicken, and a delicious variety of vegetables, herbs, and spices. In the Thai language, it literally translates to something like “chicken-ginger soup:” “kha” refers to a ginger-like root traditionally used as a flavoring, and “kai” is the chicken. This soup is based on the tom kha kai concept, but the recipe uses ingredients that you’ll be able to find more easily in a typical supermarket. For example, grocery stores in the United States don’t typically carry the exact type of root used in 
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
45
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
