URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64549722/maple-bacon-milkshake/
Title:
Maple Bacon Milkshake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
8 slices bacon
8 Tablespoons real maple syrup, divided
1 cup milk
4 cups French vanilla ice cream
whipped cream

Directions:
Bacon twist garnish: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Cover a baking pan with foil, then put a baking rack in the pan and spray with non-stick cooking spray. Put 4 strips of bacon on the rack. Using a pastry brush, coat top side of all slices of bacon with 1 tablespoon of the maple syrup.
Take ends of each strip and twist in opposite directions, until the syrup-glazed side is twisted into the interior and the bacon is coiled tight. Pin down the slices with toothpicks and bake for about 15 minutes. Remove from oven and brush twists with another 1 tablespoon of maple syrup. Bake for 5 minutes or more, until cooked and crispy, then cool.
Milkshake: Place 4 strips of bacon in pan and cook over medium, flipping until crispy, about 5 minutes; don't drain.
Put each slice in a saucepan with the remaining 6 tablespoon maple syrup. Pour off 1 tablespoon of the rendered bacon fat and add it to the saucepan. Cook syrup over medium for 3-4 minutes. Watch the pot and stir because it will probably bubble up. Remove and cool, allowing the bacon to steep in the syrup.
When the syrup is cool, remove the candied bacon strips to a cutting board and chop finely into bits.
Add syrup and milk to blender and blend on low until combined. Add ice cream and blend on medium until mixed but still thick. Add most of the candied bacon bits and stir in until incorporated.
Pour milkshake into 4 shake glasses, top each with whipped cream and a sprinkle of reserved candied bacon bits. Add a bacon twist for stirring up all the tasty bits.
Cook's notes: Thin bacon works best for the bacon twists; use whatever bacon you like for the milkshake.

Submitter: 
Matt Wencl
Description: 
Imagine those breakfasts when the maple syrup ran away from the pancakes to hang out with the bacon, and you’ll totally get why you’ll love this crazy shake. Every scrumptious mouthful of rich mapley vanilla melts away to into salty-savory maple-candied bacon bliss, so don’t wait: Start shakin’ your bacon and get makin’ this milkshake!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
