URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64540201/creamy-chicken-rice-and-broccoli-bake/
Title:
Creamy Chicken, Rice and Broccoli Bake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups brown rice
3 cups chicken broth
2 TB minced garlic , separated in 2 portions
1 cup chopped onion, separated in 2 portions
2 TB EVOO, separated in 2 portions
8 chicken thighs, fat trimmed
1 large head of broccoli cut into small florets
1 cup chicken broth
2 TB minced fresh basil (1 TB dried if you don't have fresh)
1 tsp fresh thyme (use dried if you don't have fresh)
1 cup dry white wine
1/2 cup cold fat free 1/2 & 1/2
3 TB flour
salt & pepper to taste
1/2 cup shredded parmesan (or cheese of choice)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375.  Spray 9x13 glass casserole with cooking spray, evenly layer brown rice in the bottom of the casserole.  In med saucepan, heat 3 cups of broth, 1/2 cup onion, 1 TB minced garlic and 1 TB  EVOO until it just boils.  Gently pour over rice, cover casserole with foil and put in preheated oven for 30 min.
While rice is baking, heat a large skillet to med/high heat. Add 1 TB EVOO and spread to cover the bottom of the skillet.  Brown chicken on both sides being careful to not cook through.  Remove from skillet to plate and set aside.  Put skillet back on heat and add 1 cup of broth.  Deglaze skillet, scrapping up yummy brown bits , add 1/2 cup onion, 1 TB garlic, fresh herbs and bring to a boil.  Slowly pour in wine and heat to a slow boil.  In a small bowl whisk cold  ff 1/2 & 1/2 and flour until all lumps are gone.  Slowly pour into broth and wine, whisking as you do so.  Season with salt and pepper to taste and slow boil for 2 min to mingle flavors.
Remove rice from oven.  Layer small broccoli florets then chicken thighs over rice.  Gently push into hot rice with the back of a large spoon.  Evenly pour sauce over all and  sprinkle with shredded cheese.  Leave uncovered and put back in over for 30 more min.  Serve piping hot with a crisp green salad and good bread to sop up the yummy sauce and of course the rest of the good white wine!

Submitter: 
Mary P.
Description: 
A baked rice casserole layered with browned chicken thighs and fresh broccoli florets.  It's topped with a creamy white wine sauce.  Every time I've served it, it's been a huge hit.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
