URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64548619/delicious-lentil-loaf-really/
Title:
Delicious Lentil Loaf (really!) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 cup brown lentils
2 1/2 cups water or vegetable stock
1/3 cup water (separate)
3 Tbsp ground flaxseed
2 Tbsp olive oil
2 large or 3 small cloves garlic, minced
1 medium cooking onion, minced
1 cup celery, minced
1 cup mushrooms, minced
3/4 cup quick oats
1/2 cup flour
1 tsp dried basil or oregano
1 tsp black pepper
1/2 tsp granulated or dehydrated onion
1 tsp salt
3/4 cup your own meatloaf glaze (one is listed in directions if you need)

Directions:
Simmer lentils in first amount of water/ broth covered until tender and all liquid is absorbed.
Meanwhile combine flaxseed and second amount of water and let sit to thicken. This is used as an egg substitute for the vegans out there. You could just use a couple eggs if you really want to, but come on people! Flaxseed is very healthy and contains more omega 3's than those fancy eggs.
Mince all the vegetables and in a large pot, sweat gently in the 2 Tbsp olive oil. You just want to soften everything and cook the juices out of the mushrooms so your loaf doesn't turn into mush.
Once the lentils have cooked, you can either process lightly in a food processor or mash with a fork until you get what looks like 75 percent of the lentils to look like mush, the rest intact. Point is, don't puree the whole deal or you'll have some bad texture later.
Combine the all your ingredients and press into your prepared loaf pan. Bake at 350 degrees for 45-50 minutes. In the last ten minutes of cooking, spread 1/4 cup of your own meatloaf glaze over the top of the loaf and let bake the last bit to thicken up. I like to serve the remaining glaze on the table with the loaf so you can load it up according to your taste! In case you don't have a glaze recipe here is a quick one: 1/4 cup ketchup, 1/4 cup brown sugar, 2 tbsp mustard (any kind), 2 tbsp smokey barbecue sauce.
Let cool for a moment while you set the table, wash a couple dishes, or revel in what a smart cook you are! Slice the loaf and enjoy. Bon appetit!

Submitter: 
Julie
Description: 
I know nobody expects the words 'lentils' and 'delicious' in the same recipe title, but this lentil loaf is a hit with vegans, vegetarians and even meat eaters! I've left the glaze open to your own tastes, you can use anything from barbecue sauce to your own mother's meatloaf glaze. Please add your glaze recipes into the comments!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
1 hr 15 min
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
