URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64544956/simple-dessert-crepe/
Title:
Simple Dessert Crepe Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3215380.jpg
Ingredients:
2 Cups - Milk
1 1/3 Cups - Flour
1 - Egg
1 Tbsp - Vegetable oil
1/2 Tsp - Baking Powder
2 Tbsp - Sugar
As much Vanilla extract as you want, I put a messy Tbsp.

Directions:
Mix all above ingredients in a large bowl and whisk smooth
Get the frying pan very hot, grease with olive oil.
Using a soup ladle, pour a small amount of batter onto the frying pan as you roll the pan from side to side to make a thin even layer on the bottom. It takes practise, believe me. They key is not too thick, the bottom can't be done before it almost cooks through(time to flip) or you'll burn it.
As you wait for it to cook through take your spatula(I use a square cake slice lifter) and go around the edges of the crepe as it browns a bit. It helps, if you've gone around once, when its time to lift for flipping.
As you watch it cook you will see the wet batter on the top start to dry towards the middle, leaving little air pockets behind. Once the liquid has just all but disappeared, you should be flipping. But everything varies so you'll have to find your own pace.
Flipping also takes skill but I just ensure the crepe can glide in the pan on its own and then pick it up with the spatula and wing it, seems to work fine. You should only need to cook the other side for 10-15 seconds. Keep an eye by peaking under if you're prone to burning things like me.
*Keeping the pan on high will minimize sticking.

Submitter: 
Alison Laviolette
Description: 
There are so many crepe recipes out there, this ones just the one that works for me. Thin, fluffy and delicious with anything that can come to mind.
Serve with everything to stuff:  Fruit (blueberries, raspberries, bananas, etc), Whipcream, Chocolate syrup, Maple syrup, Yogurt, or my absolute favourite...
Apple cinnamon filling:
-Diced apples hand mixed with brown sugar & cinnamon
-Left to sit for 20 minutes to let the juices to their thing.
ENJOY! :)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
