URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64547395/white-chicken-chili-by-karen-fox/
Title:
White Chicken Chili by Karen Fox Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3248356.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts
1 stick butter, divided
2 large onions, chopped
¼ cup all-purpose flour
¾ cup chicken broth
2 cups half-and-half
1 teaspoon Tabasco sauce
1½ teaspoons chili powder
1 teaspoon cumin
½ teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon pepper
1 (16-ounce) can white beans
2 (4-ounce) cans whole mild green chiles, drained and chopped
1½ cups grated Monterey jack cheese
½ cup sour cream

Directions:
1. Heat a large skillet (I like cast-iron) over moderately high heat and put in some butter and oil. Meanwhile coat your chicken with salt and pepper and maybe some chili powder. Throw them in the skillet and resist the urge to turn them over. Leave them for five minutes, or until nicely browned, then flip them. Leave it there until browned and then flip them every few minutes until they are done (which you can tell by poking a knife into the thickest part and seeing if it's white instead of pink).
2. Remove the chicken from the pan. When the chicken is cool enough to handle, shred it with your fingers and set aside.
3. While waiting for chicken to cool, cook the onion in the same pan with 2 Tbs of butter until softened.
4. In a heavy pot, large enough to hold all the ingredients, melt remaining 6 Tbs of butter over moderately low heat and whisk in flour. Cook the roux, whisking constantly, for three minutes. Stir in the onion and gradually add the broth and half and half, whisking the whole time. Bring mixture to a boil and simmer, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes, or until thickened. (It will be nicely and obviously thick.) Stir in Tabasco, chili powder, cumin, salt and pepper. Add beans, chilies, chicken and cheese, and cook over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally for 20 minutes. Add sour cream. May be served immediately -- though like all chilis this tastes awesome the next day.

Submitter: 
stitchers
Description: 
Chicken chili in a white sauce, yummy.  Once you have tried this chicken chili you won't look anywhere else.  Like any chili, it's better the next day.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
