URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64547226/paleo-meatloaf-muffins/
Title:
Paleo Meatloaf Muffins Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3245635.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon olive oil, plus more for greasing the muffin tin
¾ cup finely diced onion
½ cup finely diced button mushrooms
½ cup finely chopped green bell pepper
¼ cup tomato paste
1 tablespoon ground mustard
2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce
1 teaspoon finely minced fresh rosemary
2 cloves garlic,  peeled and minced
¼ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 ½ pounds ground beef
1 large egg
1 teaspoon dried thyme
½ teaspoon garlic powder
¼ cup carrot juice
¼ cup water

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350°F. Grease the wells of a 12-cup muffin tin with olive oil.
Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat and sauté the onions, mushrooms and peppers for about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and allow the vegetables to cool.
In a small bowl, combine the tomato paste, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, rosemary, garlic and pepper.
In a large bowl, mix together the beef, the reserved sautéed vegetables, eggs, thyme and garlic powder. Stir in half of the tomato mixture and combine well.
Spoon the meat mixture into the greased muffin tin and bake for 10  minutes.
While the muffins are baking, combine the remaining tomato mixture, carrot juice and water in a small saucepan. Bring to a quick boil over medium-high heat, and then reduce the heat and simmer, covered, until the muffins are removed from the oven.
Remove the muffins from the oven and spoon or brush the sauce on each muffin. Place the muffins back in the oven and bake for another 15 minutes, or until the internal temperature is 160°F.
Allow the muffins to stand for about 5 minutes before eating.

Submitter: 
MONIQUEWS
Description: 
QUICK AND EASY PALEO COMFORT FOODS - JULIE MAYFIELD CHARLES MAYFIELD
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 min
Ready in:
40 min
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
