URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64540355/rich-complex-traditional-bolognese-sauce/
Title:
Rich & Complex Traditional Bolognese Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3352955.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tbsp unsalted butter
1 tsp kosher salt
½ cup minced white onion
½ cup minced carrots
6 cloves garlic, minced
1½ lb ground meat, either all beef or a mix
1 tsp oregano
2 cups whole milk
2 cups white wine
2-28 oz can crushed tomatoes
1-28 oz can whole tomatoes, pureed in the blender
toppings: basil, parsley, parmesan cheese

Directions:
Heat the butter in a large pot over medium-low heat. Add the salt, onion, and carrots. Saute for 5 minutes, or until just starting to get soft and golden. Add the garlic; saute for 30 seconds. Add the meat and oregano. Cook the meat, breaking it up as you go into small pieces, until there is almost no red left, about 10 minutes.
Add the milk. Increase the heat to medium-high and bring it to boil, then reduce the heat so that it maintains a gentle boil (the milk should be bubbling but in no danger of burning or boiling over). Cook the milk down for 20-30 minutes.
Add the wine. Again increase the heat to bring it to a boil and then lower the heat to maintain a gentle boil. Cook the wine down for 20-30 minutes.
Add the pureed whole tomatoes and crushed tomatoes. Bring to a simmer and then lower the heat so that the sauce is just occasionally bubbling. At this point you can leave it on the stove on very low heat (I usually move it to a small burner on low) or put it in the oven at 325F. Simmer the sauce for 4-5 hours, stirring occasionally.
Serve with a wide pasta such as pappardelle or fettuccine and top with parmesan cheese, basil, and parsley.

Submitter: 
Kyle Watson
Description: 
A long, slow simmer builds layers of flavor and makes this Bolognese sauce so rich and complex! This is a sauce worth having on your stove all day long. Make some for today and freeze some for tomorrow.
Author: Just a Little Bit of Bacon
Recipe type: Main
Cuisine: Italian
Serves: 8 servings
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
5 h 10 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
