URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64540663/jans-good-n-crusty-bread/
Title:
Jan's Good-N-Crusty Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3161093.jpg
Ingredients:
4 - 5 cups bread flour
1 tablespoon white sugar
12 ounce can of warm beer.
1 1/2 teaspoons sea salt
2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
2 tablespoons vital wheat gluten
1 tablespoon instant yeast
3 tbsp cornmeal

Directions:
For bread machine:
Place all ingredients, except the cornmeal, in the bread machine as directed by the manufacturer. Start with 4 cups of flour for now.
Choose dough cycle. Once dough begins to mix you may need to add more flour. Add 1/4 cup at a time until dough pulls together and away from the sides of the pan. You might not need to add all 5 cups. You have added enough flour when the dough forms a ball but still moves freely and is no longer sticky.
For bowl mixer with dough hook or by hand:
Place all ingredients in the bowl of your mixer.  Attach the dough hook.
Once mixing has begun you may add more flour 1/4 cup at a time until dough is no longer sticking to the sides of the bowl.  You may not need all of the flour. Dough is ready when it kneads easily but wont stick to your hands.
When kneading is completed for either method, remove dough to a lightly oiled surface.
Knead dough for 3 minutes
Divide dough into 2 equal portions then let rest, covered, for 5 minutes
Shape into long, thin loaves.
Place loaves on parchment lined baking sheets sprinkled with cornmeal.
Cover and let rise 30 minutes or until doubled.
Slice top with a sharp knife using a quick motion as not to tear the dough but make a clean cut about 1/2 inch deep.
Place in a 400 degree preheated oven.
Bake for 30 - 40 minutes or until the loaves are a deep golden brown and have reached an internal temperature of about 200 degrees. Allow the loaves brown well! Turn the pan if needed to evenly bake but bake until a rich, dark, golden color is present. The interior will remain moist and once cooled the loaves will soften a bit.
Remove to a wire rack to cool completely before slicing.
Loaves freeze exceptionally well.

Submitter: 
What's for dinner, mom?
Description: 
Crusty outside with a creamy crumb and a hearty chew. Perfect for garlic bread, dipping in spicy olive oil or slathered with butter.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
