URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64546398/spicy-sweet-buffalo-popcorn/
Title:
Spicy Sweet Buffalo Popcorn Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3235784.jpg
Ingredients:
8 cups of popped popcorn (about 1/2 cup unpopped)
1 cup white sugar
1/4 cup water
1/3 cup Frank's Red Hot Original Sauce
3 TBS butter, cut into small cubes
1/2 tsp baking soda
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper (optional for a bit more heat)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 300°
Line a sheet pan with a rim with parchment paper or a silicone pad.
Spray a large bowl with nonstick cooking spray and place popped corn into the bowl.
In a medium saucepan place the water and sugar and place over medium-high heat. Bring to a boil and cook until the sugar has all melted and the liquid caramel is a deep amber color (8-12 minutes). You may swirl pan gently but don't stir.
Remove from heat and carefully stir in the hot sauce and the butter- it will spit and bubble so be careful! The caramel may form a ball but don't worry.
Return to heat and bring to a boil stirring until the caramel chunk is dissolved about 3 minutes.
Remove from heat and stir in the baking soda and the cayenne pepper.
Carefully pour the spicy caramel mixture over the top of the popcorn in the bowl and toss to completely coat. The mixture is VERY hot so guard your hands as you stir and toss.
Spread the coated popcorn out onto the prepared baking sheet and bake for 15-20 minutes until dry, Stir popcorn after 10 minutes.
Remove from oven and let cool completely before breaking up and serving.

Submitter: 
MARGARET N
Description: 
If buffalo wings and  kettle corn married, this would be their baby! This popcorn is sweet, salty and spicy all at the same time! It's a winner for football parties!  If you like blue cheese try sprinkling a few blue cheese crumbles over your serving of popcorn. I put a small bowl of blue cheese crumbles next to the popcorn bowl so people can add some if they wish.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
