URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64554240/braised-pork-tenderloin-with-sherry-vinegar/
Title:
Braised Pork Tenderloin with Sherry Vinegar Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 lb. pork tenderloin
1/2 oz. rub (1/4 packet) onion soup mix (or a mixture of garlic power, onion powder, salt, pepper, and McCormick's Montreal Steak Seasoning)
2 Tablespoons olive oil
3 Tablespoons butter
1/4 cup cream sherry
1/3 cup good quality Sherry Vinegar such as Vinagre de Jerez from Fernando de Terry, Cepa Vieja Reserva
2-3 Tablespoons Wondra (flour)

Directions:
Rub dry ingredients onto pork tenderloin.  Let sit 5 minutes while pan heats.
Heat to medium a 12" nonstick skillet, pour 2 Tablespoons olive oil.
Make sure pan is good and hot but not smoking.
Brown all 3 sides of tenderloin in skillet, approximately 90 seconds per side.
Once tenderloin is browned, remove from heat, cover with foil and allow to rest for 10 minutes.
Heat oven to 425.
Remove foil, place tenderloin in oven for 10-15 minutes to complete cooking.  When internal temperature reaches 160, remove from oven.
While meat is cooking in the oven, use the same pan used to brown tenderloin to make the sauce.  (Do not clean out the yummy bits from the pan.)   Add 1/4 c. cream sherry to pan, alcohol should burn off immediately.  Add the 1/3 c. sherry vinegar.  On med-low heat, add the 3 T butter to the pan.  The liquid should evaporate somewhat, a little less than half.  Adjust heat as needed.  Add Wondra or other flour or cornstarch to thicken the sauce (I prefer Wondra -- it doesn't clump).  As sauce thickens, place pan on warm or remove from heat.  Do not cover.
When tenderloin is finished cooking, remove immediately.  You can either slice into medallions and place in the sauce pan to cover them completely, or serve them on the plate and then put the sauce on top, along with your roasted vegetables.

Submitter: 
zestychef
Description: 
This is a weeknight dinner that is easy yet elegant.  I pair it with potatoes, either roasted or mashed works well.  For vegetable, I serve roasted cauliflower and broccoli, or you can also braise green beans or asparagus.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5
Ready in:
35
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
