URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64558702/bacon-egg-breakfast-muffins/
Title:
BACON & EGG BREAKFAST MUFFINS Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Flavourings
4 oz / 120 g bacon, chopped (I used lean bacon)
½ cup scallions / shallots, chopped
1 cup grated cheddar cheese (or any other flavoured melting cheese)
Dry Ingredients
1¼ cups plain flour
1 tsp baking powder
¼ tsp baking soda
Wet Ingredients
½ cup milk + ½ tsp white vinegar OR ½ cup buttermilk
½ tsp salt
5 tsp sour cream (full fat)
2 tbsp vegetable oil or melted butter
1 egg
Muffin
4 eggs
1 tbsp melted butter (optional, for brushing)

Directions:
1-Preheat oven to 180C/350F. Spray 4 Texas muffin tin holes with oil (or grease with butter). (Note 3)
2-Heat a non stick pan over high heat. Add bacon and fry until lightly browned. Remove onto a paper towel to drain the fat, then set aside.
3-Place Dry Ingredients in a bowl and mix to combine.
4-Whisk Wet Ingredients in a separate bowl.
5-Pour the Wet Ingredients into the Dry Ingredients until just combined. Do not over mix.
6-Fold in Flavourings, including cooked bacon..
7-Place 3 tbsp of the batter into 4 muffin tin holes. Bang the tin to flatten the batter.
8-Make a divot in the batter (so the egg yolk settles in the middle). Crack an egg into each hole. Divide the remaining batter between each hole to cover the egg. (Note 1)
9-Brush the muffins with melted butter (optional), then bake for 20 minutes or until golden brown.
10-Remove from oven and allow to rest for 5 minutes before turning out onto a cooling rack.
Best served warm.
NOTES
1. I find the easiest way to top the egg with batter and keep the yolk in the middle is to place 3 tablespoons of batter around the yolk then 1 one top of the yolk. Then gently spread to cover the whole egg.
2. These will keep for around 4 days in the fridge. They should be kept in the fridge because it has egg inside.
This is not suitable for freezing because the egg white will become rubbery. If you want to make these to freeze, beat the egg before pouring into the muffin tin. Cooked scrambled eggs freeze fine.
3. Texas muffin tins are larger than ordinary muffin tin / cupcake tins. Because..well you know, EVERYTHING is bigger in Texas! A reader made this in large popover tins and said that worked as well!
Nutrition per muffin – 533 calories using lean bacon or 465 calories using lean turkey bacon

Submitter: 
Christine Denstaedt
Description: 
Bacon and eggs...in a muffin! These are great for grab and go. This makes 4 large muffins (Texas muffin tin size - Note 3). This recipe isn't suitable for ordinary size muffin tins as it isn't large enough to hold the egg and batter.
Author: Nagi | RecipeTin Eats
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
35 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
