URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64553067/smyes-pink-pickled-breakfast-eggs/
Title:
Smye's Pink Pickled Breakfast Eggs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Eggs, Hard Boiled & Peeled - 12
Apple Cider Vinegar - 2 cups
Water - 1.5 cups
Stevia Powder - 3 tsp
Non-Iodized Salt - 2 tsp
Allspice, Whole - 1 tsp
Cinnamon, Whole - 1/2 stick
Cloves, whole - 1/2 tsp
Beets (2" diameter), topped, scrubbed & cut into quarters - 4

Directions:
Before I get started on the prep - a note about hard boiled eggs: I'm sure many of you have notice how challenging it can be to peel an egg cleanly. The white peels away with the shell in uneven chunks, often leaving only 2/3 of the original egg intact. There are two quick tips to make peeling eggs a breeze:
1) Don't use fresh eggs. "WHAT? I thought you were all about fresh foods Smye." Yes, yes, I know, and I am. But seriously, use those eggs that have been sitting in the back of the fridge (or the counter if you're using farm fresh, don't ever refrigerate those bad boys) for at least a week. The egg dehydrates over time and thus the membrane shrinks away from the shell, making it easier to peel
2) Using a sharp knife, poke a teeny-tiny whole on the broad end of the egg before you boil it. This may take a bit of practice, but you'll get the hang of it pretty quickly. The idea is to puncture the shell without rupturing the membrane (far easier if you follow tip #1) to allow water into the eggs, yielding a finished product slightly less attached to the shell.
Pack eggs into a sterilized quart jar.
Add everything else to a medium saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat. Cover, reduce heat to a simmer and simmer for roughly 30 minutes until beets are easily pierced. Strain out the beets (you can eat them partially (1/3 at a time) alongside the eggs, or whatever you like). Chill the liquid until room temperature at the hottest. Pour over the eggs, screw on the lid, and pop the whole mess into the fridge. Give them at least 10 days before you serve, but feel free to eat one a day, one every other day, or whatever timing you want to figure out how you like them best. My favorite is roughly 15 days.

Submitter: 
Smye Sarrel
Description: 
Maybe you've had pickled eggs at the store. Maybe you liked them. If you did, I think you're a little odd, but we can still be friends. Maybe you hated them, in that case I'm with you. I was doubtful at first when my partner first suggested I look into pickling an excess of duck eggs. However, I was getting 2-3 dozen eggs a day and, despite selling to 30 families, had a huge surpluss, so I figured what the heck. I'll go for it. It took some serious trial and error, but WOW, these are incredible! I've used chicken eggs for this recipe as I doubt most of you have duck eggs (though duck eggs are 
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5
Ready in:
15 d
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
