URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64553151/pasta-alla-norma/
Title:
Pasta alla Norma Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4544403.jpg
Ingredients:
1 eggplant
400 grams of pureed tomatoes
240 grams of penne or tortiglioni pasta
30 grams of salted ricotta
5 large basil leaves
2 TBSP olive oil, or more for frying the eggplant
1 garlic clove, peeled and smashed slightly
1 Tbsp olive oil
3 TBSP + 1 tsp rock salt
1 Tbsp fresh cayenne peppers, or more to taste

Directions:
Wash the eggplant and cut off the top stem.
Cut the eggplant into 1 inch rounds.
Put the slices into a large bowl of water, sprinkle 2 tbsp of the salt all around.
Place a plate on top of the eggplant to weigh down the eggplant making sure it is all covered in water.
Let the eggplant sit for about 30 minutes.
Rinse the eggplant in cool water then pat dry.
Put the tomato sauce, a tsp of salt, garlic, and basil in a saucepan and simmer over medium/low heat. Stir occasionally.
Cut the eggplant rounds into cubes. Add the oil to a frying pan and fry the eggplant until golden brown.
In the meantime, boil a larger pot of water for the pasta and add the remaining salt.
Place the cooked eggplant on a paper towel to absorb the excess oil.
When the water is boiling, cook the pasta in the boiling water until al dente.
Drain and toss the pasta with the tomato sauce and basil.
Serve the pasta and sauce in individual bowls.
Arrange the eggplant on top of the pasta and cover with the salted ricotta.
Sprinkle 1/4 of the ricotta and 1/4 of the peppers on top of each of the plates.
Serve immediately.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
This is an original recipe given to me from Sicilian relatives. Pasta is tossed with a simple tomato sauce, then topped with fried eggplant, ricotta salata and hot peppers. The cut of pasta is not too important, it is good even with spaghetti. If you can't find salted ricotta, try Pecorino Toscano or Pecorino Romano.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
