URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64552553/carrot-cake-donut-holes-with-cream-cheese-dip/
Title:
Carrot Cake Donut Holes with Cream Cheese Dip Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the donut holes:
2 cups all-purpose flour
1/2 cup brown sugar
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon cinnamon
¼ teaspoon nutmeg
¾  teaspoon kosher salt
1 cup whole milk
1 egg
1/2 cup drained crushed pineapple
1/2 cup sweetened flaked coconut
1 cup grated carrots, packed
¼ cup butter, melted
1/3 cup granulated sugar
½ teaspoon cinnamon
For the dip:
½ cup cream cheese (softened)
1 tablespoon butter
1 cup powdered sugar
½ teaspoon vanilla
pinch of salt

Directions:
In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, brown sugar, baking soda, baking powder, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt.  In a separate small bowl, combine the milk, egg and crushed pineapple.  Stir the milk mixture into the dry ingredients, then stir in the melted butter, mixing until a soft dough forms.
Fold in the coconut and carrots.
Whisk together the granulated sugar and cinnamon in a pie plate or medium bowl.  Set aside to roll the donut holes in once fried.
For the dip: Stir together the cream cheese, butter, vanilla, powdered sugar and salt.  To avoid lumps make sure the butter and cream cheese are very soft.
Add the vegetable oil to a medium, heavy-bottomed pot. (There should be at least 2 inches of oil in the pot and at least 2 inches between the top of the oil and the top of the pot.) Attach the deep-fry thermometer to the pot and begin heating the oil over medium heat to 350ºF. Line a baking sheet with paper towels.
Once the oil has reached 350ºF, use a small ice cream scoop to drop about 1 tablespoon scoops of dough into the oil, careful not to overcrowd the pan.  Fry the doughnut holes, flipping them in the oil, for about 2 minutes or until they're golden brown. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the doughnut holes to the paper towel-lined baking sheet.
Allow the doughnut holes to cool slightly.  Then roll them in the cinnamon sugar and serve with cream cheese frosting dip.  Best served warm but good no matter what!
For the cream cheese frosting: Beat together the butter and cream cheese until smooth. Beat in the powdered sugar until completely mixed and the mixture lightens in texture. Add the vanilla and salt.

Submitter: 
Ashley Baron Rodriguez
Description: 
A sophisticated donut hole with a funny creamy dip.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
