URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64553517/7-day-weight-loss-vegetable-soup/
Title:
7 Day Weight-Loss Vegetable Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3341179.jpg
Ingredients:
4 Cloves Garlic (crushed)
2 tbsp Olive Oil
1/2 Cabbage
2 Carrots
4 large Celery Stalks
1 large bell pepper (any colour)
1 1/2 cups String Beans
1 large Yellow Onion
3 cups Spinach (chiffonade)
1/2 tsp Cayenne (optional)
1 tsp tumeric (optional)
1 tsp Dry Basil
1 tsp Dry Oregano
2 chopped Scallions for garnish
1 box (4 cups) Chicken Stock (fat free)
1 large can Tomatoes (whole or diced)
1 packet Chicken Soup Mix
2 cups Water
Salt to Taste
Pepper to Taste
Balsamic Vinegar (optional)

Directions:
In a large pot, heat olive oil and add crushed garlic.
Cook for a few seconds on medium high heat, making sure garlic does not burn.
Add in diced vegetables (cabbage, carrots, celery, bell pepper, string beans, onion), as well as spices (cayenne, tumeric, basil and oregano). Cook on medium high heat until vegetables become slightly tender (about 5 minutes). Stir frequently and feel free to add a few tablespoons of water if vegetables start to stick to bottom of pot.
Add 4 cups of chicken stock, diced canned tomatoes and 2 cups water.
Increase heat to high, add Spinach and bring to a boil (about 5 minutes). Add chicken soup mix and cover for 20 minutes. Add more water if less concentrated consistency desired.
Add salt and pepper to taste
Serve in individual bowls, add scallions for garnish and for an extra burst of acidity, drizzle a tiny amount of balsamic vinegar on top.
Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Tamara Allain
Description: 
I follow this 7 day soup plan once every other month, to kick start my diet and lose weight quickly. It's super simple, hearty and packed with nutrients that will help you shed 8-12 pounds in just one week! 

NOTE: Please don't leave negative ratings based on flavour. This is a low calorie diet soup, so although it is not super rich in flavour, it is very effective and intended to provide all the nutrients required to keep you energized and full for the week while you lose weight rapidly. If properly followed, you will lose 8-12 pounds by the end of the week.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
