URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64551528/funfetti-donut-holes/
Title:
Funfetti Donut Holes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the glaze:
2 cups confectioners' sugar
3 tablespoons whole milk
1 teaspoons vanilla extract or seeds from ½ a vanilla bean
1 tablespoon lemon juice
¼ cup colorful sprinkles, “jimmies”
pinch of salt
For the doughnut holes:
vegetable oil, for frying
1 cup milk
1 large egg
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 cups all-purpose flour
2 - 4 tablespoons brown sugar (depending on how sweet you like your donut holes)
1 ½ tablespoons baking powder
¾  teaspoon kosher salt
1/4 cup (1/2 stick) melted unsalted butter
¼ cup colorful sprinkles, “jimmies”
Equipment: Deep-fry thermometer; Small ice cream scoop

Directions:
For the glaze:  In a medium bowl, whisk together the confectioners' sugar, milk, vanilla extract (or vanilla bean seeds), lemon juice, sprinkles and a pinch of salt.  Set the glaze aside while you make the doughnut holes.
For the  doughnut holes:  Add the vegetable oil to a medium, heavy-bottomed pot. (There should be at least 2 inches of oil in the pot and at least 2 inches between the top of the oil and the top of the pot.) Attach the deep-fry thermometer to the pot and begin heating the oil over medium heat to 350ºF. Line a baking sheet with paper towels or a wire rack.
In a small bowl, whisk together the milk, egg and vanilla extract.
In a medium bowl whisk together the flour, brown sugar, baking powder, and salt. Stir the milk mixture into the dry ingredients, then stir in the melted butter and the sprinkles, mixing until a soft dough forms.
Once the oil has reached 350° F, use a small ice cream scoop to drop about 1 tablespoon sized- scoops of dough into the oil, careful not to overcrowd the pan.  Fry the doughnut holes, flipping them in the oil, for about 2 minutes or until they're golden brown. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the doughnut holes to the paper towel-lined baking sheet.
Allow the doughnut holes to cool slightly.  Place a cooling rack atop a baking sheet, then one by one, spoon the glaze over the the doughnut holes and allow the excess glaze to drip off.  Serve while warm.

Submitter: 
Ashley Baron Rodriguez
Description: 
A favorite classic cake flavor turned donut.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
