URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64557774/flip-crepes/
Title:
Flip Crepes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3/4 cup of AP flour
3/4 cup of whole wheat flour (which is used to give the crepe nice coloring)
1/3 cup of granulated sugar
1/4 tsp of salt
1/4 tsp of cinnamon (optional)3 large eggs
3 tbsp of oil (do not use olive oil)
2 tsp of vanilla extract
2 1/4 cup of whole milk

Directions:
Put all dry ingredients in a mixing bowl in this order:
3/4 cup of AP flour
3/4 cup of whole wheat flour (which is used to give the crepe nice coloring)
1/3 cup of granulated sugar
1/4 tsp of salt
1/4 tsp of cinnamon (optional)
Mix all solids with a whisk; dig a well and add:
3 large eggs
3 tbsp of oil (do not use olive oil)
2 tsp of vanilla extract
Add 2 1/4 cup of whole milk in 2 stages:
First, add 1 1/4 cup of milk in mixing bowl and start mixing slowly until you obtain a homogenous, smooth, lump-free dough.
Then, add 1 cup of the milk slowly and whisk well.
This is where you can go straight to cooking the crepes, or save the batter for future use.  If saving the batter:
Mix again, and let rest at room temperature or in refrigerator for 1-2 hours.  You can keep crepe batter for up to 5 days depending on freshness of the eggs and milk used.  Mix well before using and store in refrigerator in air tight container or bottle.
If cooking the crepes right away:
Preheat a non-stick pan (approx. 9 inches) and coat it with a little unsalted butter (repeat for each crepe).  Using a ladle, scoop the batter and pour a thin layer into the pan.  After a few minutes the bottom of the crepe will start to brown and it will be time to flip.  The second side will brown a bit faster.  Once the crepe is done, move to a plate or fill it and eat right away – continue making crepes until the batter is gone or you can save it in the fridge for later.
Once the crepes have been cooked, they will stay fresh for about 24 hours – keep in the fridge until ready, and you can reheat in a pan or in the oven for best results.
Fill with whatever you like – Nutella, preserves, fruit, even heartier fillings for lunch.  Top with powdered sugar, chocolate sauce, etc.

Submitter: 
lrhauptman
Description: 
Crepe recipe I received from a cooking class at Flip Crepes in Chicago
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
