URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64559930/grandma-ruhls-awesome-country-apple-fritter-bread/
Title:
Grandma Ruhl's Awesome Country Apple Fritter Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3444721.jpg
Ingredients:
Bread Loaf
1/3 cup light brown sugar
1 tsp ground cinnamon
2/3 cup white sugar
1/2 cup butter, softened
2 eggs
1 1/2 tsp vanilla extract
1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
1 3/4 tsp baking powder
1/2 cup milk or almond milk
2 apples, peeled and chopped (any kind), mixed with 2 Tbsp granulated sugar and 1 tsp cinnamon
Old-Fashioned Creme Glaze
1/2 cup of powdered sugar
1-3 Tbsp of milk or cream- (depending on thickness of glaze wanted)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Use a 9x5-inch loaf pan and spray with non-stick spray or line with foil and spray with non-stick spray to get out easily for slicing.
Mix brown sugar and cinnamon together in a bowl. Set aside.
In another medium-sized bowl, beat white sugar and butter together using an electric mixer until smooth and creamy.
Beat in eggs, 1 at a time, until blended in; add in vanilla extract.
Combine & whisk flour and baking powder together in another bowl and add into creamed butter mixture and stir until blended.
Mix milk into batter until smooth.
Pour half the batter into the prepared loaf pan; add half the apple mixture, then half the brown sugar/cinnamon mixture.
Lightly pat apple mixture into batter.
Pour the remaining batter over apple layer and top with remaining apple mixture, then the remaining brown sugar/cinnamon mixture.
Lightly pat apples into batter; swirl brown sugar mixture through apples using knife or spoon.
Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center of the loaf comes out clean, approximately 50-60 minutes.
To make glaze, mix powdered sugar and milk or cream together until well mixed.
Let cool for about 15 minutes before drizzling with glaze.
Optional:
Substitutions: I've also substituted this with 1/2 cup Greek Yogurt, 1/3 cup milk and add 1/4 tsp baking soda instead of 1/2 cup milk as called out in the bread loaf ingredients.
Baking options: Bake 30-40 min. for 2 loaf recipe, 15-20 minutes for muffins or 50 -60 minutes for one full loaf recipe or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean.

Submitter: 
bfr610
Description: 
Do you love Apple Fritters? Ever had an apple fritter transformed into fluffy, buttery, white cake loaf with chunks of apples and layers of brown sugar and cinnamon swirled inside and on top?  Once you start smelling that succulent apple fritter bread filling the house with that intoxicating, irresistible aroma while it’s baking. . .it’s pretty much over.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
90 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
