URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64558058/homemade-gluten-free-gnocchi/
Title:
Homemade Gluten Free Gnocchi Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3463050.jpg
Ingredients:
650g potatoes
1/3 cup (60g) potato starch
1 Tbsp sweet rice flour (or arrowroot flour)
1 egg, at room temperature
1/2 tsp fine salt
Rice flour, as needed

Directions:
Preheat oven to 200°C.
Wash, rinse, and dry each potato thoroughly. Prick each potato with a fork a few times.
Bake in the preheated oven until tender inside, about 50 minutes. This exact time will depend on how many potatoes you are using and what size they are.
Meanwhile, beat the egg lightly and set aside. Whisk together the potato starch, rice flour, and salt until well combined. Set aside.
After the potatoes are ready, as soon as they cool enough to touch, peel them.
Pass the potatoes through a potato masher.
With a wooden spoon, make a well in the potatoes. Add the beaten egg and mix well. While mixing, add the flour mixture by sprinkling it over the potatoes and egg while mixing. Combine well until a soft dough has formed.
Keep the rice flour handy, dusting as needed to keep the dough from sticking to the surface throughout the following process.
With a knife or pastry cutter, cut the dough into 4 equal parts.
Roll each piece into a snake about one-inch in diameter. Cut that dough "snake" into 1-inch pieces. For a decorative and tasty touch, use the back of a fork to gently roll each gnocco to get the traditional ridges which help sauce stick to them once cooked.
At this point, if cooking immediately, gently shake off any excess flour and allow to rest about 5 minutes before cooking.
Or, roll the gnocchi in the flour one last time and allow to rest 5 minutes before conserving in the fridge (up to 24 hours) or in the freezer (up to 6 months). Refrigerate or freeze gnocchi on a baking tray with each gnocco about 1/4 of an inch apart. Once completely cooled or frozen, the gnocchi won't stick to each other so you can put them in freezer bags. Cook directly from their cooled or frozen state but this will alter the texture.
To cook: Bring a large pot of salted water to boil. Add the gnocchi but never stir! Add the gnocchi and wait until they float to the top, this is how you know they are done. From fresh it will take about 1-2 minutes, max. From frozen they will need about 3 minutes minutes, depending on their size. Don't cook too long wither or they will disintegrate. Fish out floating gnocchi with a slotted spoon to keep them from getting mushy. Or sauté thawed gnocchi directly in your favourite sauce that is already heated.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
There is nothing like homemade gnocchi. They taste like potatoes with a bouncy texture, even without gluten. This gluten free version uses a trick from the past when Italian cooks would toss potatoes into a fire or oven that was being cooled down-as not to waste the heat. Surplus baked potatoes became gnocchi because they have very little moisture (the secret to firm gnocchi) and they have a roasted potato flavor, taking your dish one step farther.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
