URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64559925/big-rays-bbq-chicken-zucchini-noodle-casserole/
Title:
Big Ray's BBQ Chicken Zucchini Noodle Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3444640.jpg
Ingredients:
4 Small Zucchinis (about 6 cups spiralized)
Salt
½ Cup Plain, Non-fat Greek yogurt
½ Cup BBQ sauce, of choice + additional for drizzling
1 ½ Cups Cheddar Cheese, grated and divided
1 Cup Shredded chicken breast (leftover rotisserie chicken works great here!)
½ Cup Cilantro, roughly chopped + additional for garnish
Pepper, to taste

Directions:
Preheat your oven to 200 degrees and line two baking sheets with paper towels.
Using the 3mm blade, spiralize your zucchinis ( or use vegetable peeler to cut into thin strips). Divide the zucchini noodles between the two baking sheets in a flat layer. Sprinkle evenly with salt.
Bake the zucchini noodles in the oven for 40 minutes to dry them out. Once cooked, cover with paper towel and press out any excess moisture. Repeat once more with an additional paper towel. Set aside.
Bring your oven up to 375 degrees and place the Greek yogurt, BBQ sauce and 1 cup of cheese in a large saucepan over medium-low heat. Cook until the cheese just begins to break down and look melty and “stringy,” about 8-10 minutes, whisking regularly. *
While the cheese melts, toss together the shredded chicken breast, cilantro and dried zucchini noodles into a large bowl. Lightly cut up the mixture up with a fork and knife to make it easier to evenly mix, as well as cut, once cooked.
Once the cheese has begun to melt, pour the sauce over the zucchini noodle mixture and season with a pinch of pepper. Mix well until the sauce evenly coats all the noodles.
Spread the casserole into a casserole dish and bake for 20 minutes. Sprinkle with the remaining cheese and bake until golden brown and bubble, about 20-25 more minutes.
Once cooked, let the casserole cool for 20 minutes (don’t skip this!) to let it set and absorb some of the water.**
Cut and drizzle with extra BBQ sauce and cilantro, if desired.
* The cheese will not become totally smooth, which is totally ok. You don’t want to over-cook the yogurt and cause it to curdle. ** I made this a few times and sometimes there was a little bit of water left in the bottom of my dish once cooled. If this happens just cut and plate the first piece and then lightly tip the dish so the liquid pools in the corner and blot any excess liquid with a paper towel.

Submitter: 
bfr610
Description: 
Make sure to dry those zoodlies out in your oven. DO NOT. I REPEAT. DO NOT skip this step.
I did once. <– Never again.  Unless you like your casseroles to go for a swim before you eat them.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
