URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64553072/smyes-smoked-leg-of-lambgoat/
Title:
Smye's Smoked Leg of Lamb/Goat Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3330992.jpg
Ingredients:
Butterflied Leg of Lamb - 1.5-2 lb
Minced Garlic - 1.5 tsp (or more, 1 Tbsp if you're a garlic fiend like my partner)
Salt - 2 tsp
Black Pepper - 1.5 tsp
Onion powder - 2 tsp
Fresh rosemary leaves - 1 tsp
Hickory wood - 3-4 'chunks' (pecan, almond, and alder also work well. My favorite (if you can get it) is dried blackberry vines. Weird, I know, but phenomenal)

Directions:
Preheat your smoker or grill and soak your hickory. If using a grill, only preheat 1/2 (either by only turning on one burner or only placing your charcoal beneath half of the grate).
Mix all herbs and spices with garlic into a thick paste - leaving out the rosemary leaves. Don't lick your fingers, it smells amazing but the taste raw leaves much to be desired.
Rinse and pat dry leg of lamb. Lay out with the side through which the bone was removed up. Sprinkle evenly with rosemary.
Roll up the leg of lamb so it is as long and thin as possible, tie with kitchen twine.
Rub the outside of the lamb evenly with your herb paste. Then place into a foil 'boat' which you very loosely close over the top of the lamb.
Wrap the hickory in foil, puncture 3-4 times with a fork and place, the smoker, and allow to come back up to heat while the lamb sits in its run. If using a grill, place the hickory directly over the heat source
Smoke the lamb until the internal temperature reaches 135 F - if you don't have a thermometer, this is about when the lamb will feel roughly like your cheek  in terms of firmness when you poke it with your finger. If using a grill, set the lamb over the portion of the grill without a heat source - this is called indirect heat.
Remove from the smoker and place directly on a preheated grill on high. Grill each side for 30-45 seconds, just long enough to sear/caramelize the outside of the lamb.
Tent the lamb in foil for 15 minutes. Slice across the grain into 8 even medallions and savor the delicious flavor.
This is FANTASTIC with a side of wilted mixed hearty greens (kale, chard, etc). Just don't cook your greens in too much grease (or any). OR, take my favorite route and grill bok choi and chard for a more barbecue-esque side.

Submitter: 
Smye Sarrel
Description: 
As I mentioned in my smoked chicken recipe, I LOVE smoked foods. I'm all about the flavors of the world around me and keeping things as natural and close to the earth from whence my sustenance comes (since I can't know how the sun actually tastes without going near a nuclear fusion reaction). And the flavors around me include the wild trees that grow in the woods around my farm (as well as those that grow near family in other parts of the country). I have actually never prepared this recipe with lamb, but with young goats from the farm. My chef friend, on the other hand, raises lamb and when w
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
