URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64555295/smyes-lightly-peppered-bacon/
Title:
Smye's Lightly Peppered Bacon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3363922.jpg
Ingredients:
5 lb pork belly, skin removed (save for homemade pork rinds or rendering)
50 g non-iodized salt (just shy of 1/4 cup)
50 g brown sugar
50 g maple syrup
3 Tbsp red pepper flakes
2 Tbsp ground black pepper (omit if you desire a sweeter bacon)
3 Tbsp paprika
2 tsp cumin seeds, whole
2 tsp pink salt (not Himalayan, but actual curing salts)
3 fist-sized chunks of apple wood.
1 fist-sized chunk of hickory wood.

Directions:
Rinse the pork belly and pat dry. Set aside.
Mix the dry ingredients for the cure thoroughly - this is essential for an even cure prior to adding the maple syrup.
Add the maple syrup to the cure. If you haven't any syrup, honey can substitute, or else a simple syrup, but maple will give you the best flavor.
Spread the cure mixture evenly over the pork belly.
Place the cure-covered belly into a resealable plastic bag or, if you have access to a vacuum sealer, vacuum seal the pork belly. Either way, be sure to eliminate as much air from the package as possible.
Refrigerate for 7-10 days.
After the curing week, remove the belly from the bag and rinse thoroughly. There's no need to soak, but you'll want to rinse as much of the excess cure from the bacon-to-be as possible.
Pat dry and refrigerate until your smoker is ready to go (cold meat accepts smoke flavor more readily).
Prepare your smoker according to the manufacturers instructions. Your target smoking temperature is 220 F or 105 C. I've found the most success with a water smoker here.
Once the smoker is up to temp, place the pork belly, fat side down, on the rack and add one chunk of apple and one chunk of hickory to the smokepan/heating element.
Roughly 1.5 hours into smoking, add the remaining apple wood to the smoker.
After approximately 3 hours of smoking (once the pork bellies have reached an interior temperature of 150 F or 66 C) remove from the smoker.
Slice as desired (this makes excellent lardons if you're not a rasher fan) and prepare as you would any other bacon.
Refrigerated this keeps for roughly 30 days. You can also part out the completed bacon and freeze whatever you don't plan to consume right away as you would any other meat product. To use, simply thaw in the refrigerator and you're good to go with little loss of texture.

Submitter: 
Smye Sarrel
Description: 
Bacon, what's not to love? How about the incredibly high salt content, cost, inconsistent flavor, and oft-questionable quality of the meat prior to the cure? Well folks, here's the solution, home-cured home-smoked bacon from scratch. It's absolutely incredible and less than 1/3 the cost of storebought.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1 week
Number of servings: 
40
Nutritional Facts:
NA
