URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64552204/whole-grain-rye-flour-chocolate-caraway-cookies/
Title:
Whole Grain Rye Flour Chocolate Caraway Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3317298.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup all-purpose flour (plus more for dusting)
1 cup rye flour
1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon caraway seed (toasted and coarsely ground)
1 cup unsalted butter (softened to room temperature)
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 cup mini chocolate chips

Directions:
Toast the Caraway seeds in a 325 oven for about 6 minutes, on a cookie sheet, then once cool and coarsely grind.
In a medium bowl, whisk the flours, cocoa powder, salt and caraway seed until well mixed.
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, beat the butter and sugar on medium-high speed until creamy but still gritty, about 2 minutes. Add the vanilla extract and mix to combine. Reduce the speed to low and add the dry ingredients. Mix just until the dough comes together. Add the chocolate chips and mix to combine.
Turn cookie dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and bring the dough together. Form a log 2 inches thick.  wrap in plastic wrap and place in refrigerator for 1 hour.
Preheat the oven to 325ºF. Line baking sheets with parchment paper.
Remove log from refrigerator and slice into 1/4 inch thick rounds. Place on prepared baking sheets.
Place in the oven and bake for 15 minutes. Cool on the pans on wire racks for 2 minutes, then cool completely on wire racks.
Serve the cookies as a sweet dessert with tea. OR serve it as a biscuit on a savory cheese platter... Yummy

Submitter: 
Rob Tanner
Description: 
Half way between sweet and savory, these have a grainy tea biscuit like texture, with an initial sweet taste from the chocolate, and a savory finish from the toasted Caraway seeds.  Do try these slice and bake  refrigerator roll cookies, yummy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
120 m
Number of servings: 
36
Nutritional Facts:
NA
