URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64554425/squid-ink-pasta-with-calamari/
Title:
Squid Ink Pasta with Calamari Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
16oz Squid Ink pasta
5-6 pieces fresh squid
1C+ dry white wine
2tsp minced garlic
1 shallot
2 scallions
2Tbs butter
1 pint heavy cream
oil of choice (we use avocado)
lemon juice
salt
black pepper
basil
sweet paprika
dried roasted garlic
Parisian blend herbs

Directions:
Before you begin, cut the squid into rings about 1cm thick, chop the shallots, and slice the scallions on the bias separating the rings.
Lightly sauté the 2 tsp minced garlic in a little oil in a deep skillet.
Add the squid and a little salt, give a quick toss  before combining  with 1C of white wine and 2C water.  Make sure the squid is fully submerged in  liquid. Cover and bring to a boil. then reduce heat and let simmer for  40 minutes or until squid is tender.
Generously salt about 8C water and bring to a boil.
Add pasta to boiling water and allow to cook until al dente.
Remove squid from skillet and reserve.
Add chopped shallots and green onions to the remaining liquid and sauté on low heat for about 3 minutes.
To the broth add the butter, a splash of white wine and lemon juice,  about 1/4 tsp each basil, roasted garlic, sweet paprika, and Parisian herbs, and a pinch of salt and pepper.
slowly add in cream until it reaches desired color and consistency, you may use more or less depending on taste, we didn't use the whole pint.
Add squid back into sauce and allow to reduce and thicken. (If sauce becomes too thick thin with a little pasta water to keep in the flavor.)
Drain pasta and toss with sauce. Sauce should just lightly coat the pasta, allowing the flavor of the squid to come through.

Submitter: 
Sarah Adamson
Description: 
Squid ink pasta with a delicious, light, white wine butter cream sauce. Just made this tonight and had to share. We all loved it, even my husband who hates squid, and my 3yo asked for seconds!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
