URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64554916/linguine-with-spicy-clam-sauce/
Title:
Linguine with Spicy Clam Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2-3 dozen fresh clams in the shells or three 8-ounce cans chopped clams
1/2 cup chopped white onion
1/4 cup olive oil
6-8 closes of garlic, minced or thinly sliced
1 small carrot peeled and grated (1/4-1/2 cup)
Three 28-ounce cans peeled tomatoes, drained, reserving juice
1/2 cup dry red wine
12 large basil leaves, torn in large pieces, or  1 tablespoon dried
1/2 cup finely chopped fresh parsley
1/2 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano
1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes
1/4-1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon black pepper
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 cup bottles clam juice (or juice from canned clams)
2 pounds cooked and drained linguine
1 cup result grated Parmesan for serving (optional)

Directions:
If using fresh clams, scrub their shells briefly with a brush and soak them covered in cold salted water for about two hours. The clams will clean themselves in the water as they soak. Describe and rinse well before using.
One and a half hours before serving, cook onion 3-5 minutes in a large pot, with olive oil, over medium-low heat until translucent. Add garlic and cook one minute. Do not brown, or it will get bitter.
Add the grated carrot and cook, stirring 2 minutes. Add tomato paste and stir, then the juice from the canned tomatoes and wine and stir to combine. Crush tomatoes with your bare hands or chop well on a cutting board and add to sauce.
Add basil, parsley, oregano, red pepper flakes, and half of salt and pepper to sauce. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to a low simmer. As the acid from the tomatoes flows to the top, skim it off every 10-15 minutes. Cook sauce 1 hour. It will be quite thick.
If using fresh clams, rinse and drain. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat and add clams in a single layer. Cover and steam clams until they open, about 2 minutes. Remove clams from pan and add liquid in pan to tomato sauce, stirring briefly to combine. Take clams out of shells, reserving 10-12 unshelled. If clams are large, chop in large pieces and add to sauce. If small, add whole. Add up to 1 cup of clam juice if necessary.
If using canned clams, drain, reserving liquid, and add to sauce. Add reserved juice if necessary.
Reheat sauce 5 minutes, or until heated through. Add remaining salt and pepper to taste. In a large serving bowl, toss about 2 cups of sauce with linguine, top with more sauce and reserve clams in shells (if using), and serve with optional Parmesan in the side.

Submitter: 
Gerry Garcia
Description: 
Fresh clams, tomato, and oregano, what could go wrong? Remember, if using fresh clams, they give off a lot of juice so be sure to add more tomato paste when using them.  Serves 10-12. (Cut recipe in half if desired, but still use 2 cans tomatoes.)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
