URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64553060/tofu-madras-curry/
Title:
Tofu Madras Curry Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
SILKEN Tofu (not firm!) - 2 package2
Rice Flour - 2 Tbsp
Crushed Garlic - 4 cloves
Crushed Ginger (fresh matters) - 2.5 tsp
Diced White Onion - 2 large
Red Chili Powder - 1 tsp
Ground Cumin - 1/2 tsp
Ground Tumeric - 1 tsp
Ground Cinnamon - 1 tsp
Raw Green Chili Peppers, NOT deseeded - 3 (optional)
Whole cloves - 3
Whole Green Cardamom - 2 pods
Tomato Puree - 200 grams
Chopped Tomatoes - 1/4 c
Vegetable Oil (not olive, sorry folks, flavor is too strong) - 2 Tbsp
UNJURY Unflavored Protein Powder - 2 Scoops
1/4 C water

Directions:
Open and train the tofu blocks. Carefully slice into 1-inch cubes and pat dry with a paper towel. Dust each side lightly with rice flour. Using a nonstick pan (I use a well-seasoned cast iron), lightly fry the tofu cubes in 1 tsp of your vegetable oil until browned and crispy. Set aside and try not to eat them as is.
Add the remainder of your oil to the pan along with the garlic and cardamom, heating on medium low heat until they sizzle. Add the onions and cook until dark brown but not burnt - for this to work the medium low heat is essential. Once the onions are dark brown, add the chilis, ginger and garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Next add the chili powder, cumin, coriander and tumeric, along with a dash of salt and stir frequently.
After 5 minutes, add the tofu back in along with 1/8 cup of water and mix well for 2-3 minutes. Finally, add the nutmeg and tomatoes and cook covered for another 15 minutes.
10 minutes before ready to serve, mix protein powder into a 1/4 cup of water, allowing to mix completely.
Remove the pan from the heat and allow to cool until you can keep your finger in the sauce for >15 seconds without significant pain (a good way to make sure you're below 120F by the way) and stir in the protein slurry.
Spoon into bowls, sprinkle with garam masala and chopped cilantro - you've earned this bowl of goodness

Submitter: 
Smye Sarrel
Description: 
For those of you who don't like tofu, think it flavorless or without any real worth - you've never had good tofu! This recipe is more work than most I'll be posting, but is perfect for the vegan in your home and still absolutely delightful. The final step may sound vile, but trust me, this is the best use of unflavored protein powder I've ever found - who knew there was a way to sub protein powder for coconut milk flawlessly? Although this recipe takes a little longer, it's well worth every moment! I'll also post a 'shortcut' version in a little later this afternoon for those of you who aren't
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
