URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64553058/bariatric-bibim-bop/
Title:
Bariatric BiBim Bop Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3330818.jpg
Ingredients:
Kale, spinach, bok choi, or other greens - 25 g
Gochujang (korean fermented pepper paste) - 1/2 Tbsp
Ground beef (or goat, or chicken, or pork) - 30 g
Egg - 1
Cauliflower - 50 g
Rice vinegar (unseasoned) - 1 tsp
Kimchee - 1.5 oz
Sesame oil - 1 tsp
Tamari or soy sauce - 2 tsp
Crushed garlic - 1/2 clove
Sesame seeds - 1 tsp
Stevia or other sweetener - just a sprinkle (optional)

Directions:
Preparation:
'Rice' the raw cauliflower in a food processor or cheese grater until rice-sized chunks form, mix with rice vinegar. DO NOT PUREE
I often start with a LOT of cauliflower - I'll use it all within a week anyway. Once it's riced, THEN I measure out what I need by recipe
Spread the cauliflower in a thin, even layer on a baking sheet, set aside - you'll want to broil this at the end but have it pre-riced.
Add sesame oil to pan on med-low heat and saute garlic until not quite brown
Add greens and sesame seeds until wilted. Set aside.
Add ground beef, tamari, gochujang, and stevia to the pan used to cook greens. If you can't find any gochujang (usually found near the curry paste in asian grocers), you can use a black bean chili sauce - even fewer calories just not quite as tasty or authentic.
Cook until beef is just done, set aside.
Now fry egg in the same pan, sunny-side up. You want it nearly raw, just cooked enough.
While egg is frying, broil cauliflower rice until brown and almost crispy but not burnt.
Add rice to bowl, top with beef, egg & greens. Stir and enjoy! For extra heat, add no-sugar-added sambal - but go easy. It packs a punch that may be hard to handle for casual-SE Asian cuisine eaters.

Submitter: 
Smye Sarrel
Description: 
Alright, I know, Bibim Bob means mixed rice, so any true fan of Korean Food, Korean or otherwise will probably want to shoot me for calling this bibim bop, but hey, I love Korean food and this ain't half bad for a bariatric modification. The trick here is to use a little rice vinegar in the 'rice' and then broil it before serving.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
