URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64553065/smyes-pho-broth/
Title:
Smye's Pho Broth Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Turn on your broiler and move the rack to the top position. Place your ginger and onions on a baking sheet cut-side-up. Brush with a smidgeon of olive oil and broil until they just begin to char. Then turn over and continue until this side just begins to char.
Perfect - though admittedly the ginger could have used a little more toasting
Fill a very large pot with cool water. Boil your bones on high for 10 minutes, then dump the water, rinse the bones & rinse the pot. This will help limit the "scum" in your final broth. Take a small spoon and scoop out most of the marrow if you can. Toss that also. It's good for you, not good for broth.
Fill the pot with the bones and 6 quarts water. Bring to a boil and lower to a simmer. After 5 minutes, skim off any 'scum' that rises to the surface with a fine mesh strainer, ladle, or spoon.
Take all of your spices and put them into a cloth or mesh packet. You essentially want to make a teabag to steep these spices but don't want them left in your broth when you're done. You can use a clean dishtowel and a paperclip if push comes to shove. Even an old (and sterilized) sock - this is what my favorite chef downtown used. I'm not kidding. I use an old tea-ball.
Add ginger, onion, spice packet, sugar, fish sauce and salt to the broth and simmer for 2-24 hours.
If you're going for the long simmer, be sure to top off the pot every few hours so you don't burn the house down. I typically put my pot on top of our woodstove (we use wood to heat our home) overnight, top it off once in the morning, and then finish at about noon. Also, periodically come back and scrape off any 'scum' that forms on the surface. It's all good stuff, but makes for a funky texture to your broth.
Taste your broth, if it's off, you can add more salt or fish sauce

Directions:
Onions, halved, skin on - 2
Chunk of gingerroot, halved lengthwise - 4"
Beef bones (ideally knuckle, leg, or oxtail) - 4-5 lb
Water - 6 quarts
Cinnamon stick - 1
Coriander seeds - 1 Tbsp
Fennel seeds - 1 Tbsp
Star anise, whole - 5
Cardomom pod, green, whole - 1
Cloves, whole - 6
Noniodized salt - 1.5 Tbsp (halve if using regular table salt)
Fish sauce (vietnamese, NOT thai, use that for other tasty dishes) - 1/4 cup
Sugar (I know, I know, but here it's used as a spice, not a sweetener) - 1 oz

Submitter: 
Smye Sarrel
Description: 
Oh pho, how I love thee. I grew up eating southeastern asian cuisine. Despite mom's affinity for McD's, I learned to eat with chopsticks long before I could handle a fork and spoon. And of all the foods I ate, none tastes like home quite like a steaming bowl of pho. But those stinking rice noodles have WAY too many carbs for my diet, and the broth seemed impossible to make (or so I thought.) I spent three years trying to perfect pho but could never make it like Ngdom used to when I was a little. Oh, and it's a protein BOMB! YUM YUM YUM!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
