URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64553810/rileys-dc-white-bread-1/
Title:
Rileys DC white bread 1 Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3343190.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 cup unsalted butter, melted then cooled
1 tablespoon yeast
Pinch of powdered ginger
1 teaspoon sugar
¼ cup warm water (105F)
2 cups warm buttermilk (105F)
1/3 cup honey
1 teaspoon salt
¾ teaspoon baking soda
6 cups white bread flour, divided use

Directions:
In a medium sized bowl mix the yeast, ginger, sugar, and warm water. Stir until yeast is dissolved. Set aside for 5 minutes or until foamy.
Whisk the buttermilk, honey, salt, and baking soda together and mix it with the yeast mixture in the bowl of a stand mixer.
Add three cups of flour and mix until smooth, about 3 to 5 minutes on low of a stand mixer.
Pour in the butter until it is totally mixed into the batter.
Switch to a dough hook and Add the rest of the flour, one cup at a time, keeping mixer on low speed.
Once flour is incorporated, turn power up and kneed until dough is smooth, soft, playable and doesn't break when stretched.
Allow the dough to rise for 1½ hours, or until double.
Punch down and form into two rounds, over with bread cloth and allow to rest for 10 minutes. While dough is resting, grease two 9x4" bread pans with shortening.
After 10 minutes, shape each round into a loaf and place in prepared loaf pans. Brush melted butter over tops, cover, and allow to rise for 45 minutes, or until it is just about the tops of the bread pans.
Preheat oven to 400F.
Bake for 30 minutes. You can cover the tops with foil if they brown too fast.
Remove loaves from oven and brush with melted butter again.
Allow to cool in pans for 10 minutes.
Gently run a knife around the edge between the bread and the pan to loosen it.
Turn out and cool completely on a rack.
Cover the loaves if you want soft crusts.

Submitter: 
Apron Appeal
Description: 
Slightly sweet white bread
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
30
Nutritional Facts:
NA
