URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64558013/paleo-raw-carrot-cake/
Title:
Paleo Raw Carrot Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3411586.jpg
Ingredients:
For the base:
1 cup shredded carrots
1 cup tightly packed pitted dates
1/2 cup unsweetened coconut flakes
1 cup walnuts
1/4 cup melted organic coconut oil
1/4 cup coconut flour
1 tsp cinnamon
1/4 tsp nutmeg
1/2 tsp ginger
For the icing:
1/2 cup soaked cashews
1/8 cup unsweetened coconut milk
1 tbsp maple syrup
2 tbsp melted coconut oil
1 tsp almond extract
2 tbsp walnut pieces for topping

Directions:
To make the base, mix dates in a food processor until it forms a paste. Break up the paste into a few chunks to spread it evenly throughout the food processor.
Add the walnuts, carrots, ginger, nutmeg, cinnamon, coconut flour, coconut oil and coconut flakes together to the food processor with the date paste and combine until mixed together.
Line a loaf pan with parchment paper vertical and horizontal so you can pull up the cake easily once set.
Place the base mixture in the loaf pan and place in the freezer while you make the icing.
To the food processor, add soaked cashew, coconut milk, maple syrup, almond extract and coconut oil. Blend until a silky smooth icing forms.
Remove the loaf pan from the freezer and using a spatula spread the icing over the base covering all the corners and edges. Sprinkle with walnut pieces and gently push into the icing with your finger to secure.
Place the loaf pan back in the freezer, 4 hours minimum (overnight is best).
Remove and slice into 16 mini carrot cake bites.
Keep carrot cake bites in a container in the freezer.

Submitter: 
Megan Olson
Description: 
Paleo Raw Carrot Cake is a spin on a traditional favorite! Made with a carrot, date and walnut base, this delicious cake is topped with a silky cashew maple coconut icing that’s surprisingly healthy and good for you. This is what carrot cake dreams are made of!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
16
Nutritional Facts:
NA
