URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64553188/gluten-free-crescent-rolls/
Title:
Gluten Free Crescent Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3333155.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 cup whole milk
1/4 cup butter + 1 Tbsp, softened
2 Tbsp and 2 tsp honey
1/8 teaspoon salt
.12 ounces active dry yeast
1/4 cup warm water (110 degrees F/45 degrees C)
1 egg, beaten
2 cups gluten free, all-purpose flour (or more as needed)
potato starch for dusting, or more as needed

Directions:
Warm the milk in the microwave. Into the warm milk, mix in 1/4 cup of butter, honey, and salt. Set aside to cool until lukewarm. In a small bowl, dissolve yeast in warm water. Let stand until creamy, about 5 minutes.
In the bowl of a mixer combine milk and yeast mixtures with the paddle attachment. Add 1/2 the beaten egg. Beat in flour 1/2 cup at a time until dough pulls together.  Change to the dough hook attachment and lightly knead until a ball forms. The dough will be a bit wet and sticky, but will hold its shape. If the dough does not hold its shape, add a Tbsp of flour at a time until this consistency is achieved. Do not add too much flour. The outcome needs to be sticky to the touch not dry.
Using 1 tsp of softened butter, grease a large bowl. Using your oily or wet hands, place the dough in the bowl, and turn to coat with the butter. Cover with a damp cloth, and let rise in a warm place until doubled in volume, about 1 hour.
Deflate the dough, and turn it out onto a surface dusted with a bit of the potato starch. Divide the dough into four equal pieces, and form into rounds.
Place a piece of parchment paper over one of the rounds,  and with a rolling pin, roll each dough round into rectangles about 1/8 inch thick. Cut each rectangles into wedges. Brush each wedge with a little softened butter. Roll each wedge up towards the point, sealing the narrow tip with a bit of the remaining beaten egg. Bend ends inward to form crescents, and place point side down on parchment paper covered baking sheets. Brush the rolls with the remaining beaten egg. Put the baking sheet with the rolls into the cold oven and heat oven to 185°C.
Do not open the oven door during this time. Allow the rolls to bake until golden brown, about 25 minutes total.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
A recipe adapted from Butter Crescents on AR. The changes are mainly in method. The outcome is a pliable, stretchy dough that bakes up to a soft and creamy roll. These are delicious on their own or can be used in your favorite recipes like pigs in a blanket or turnovers.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h 20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
