URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64554299/vegilicious-vegan-pho/
Title:
Vegilicious Vegan Pho Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Pho broth about 4 servings
2 - 3" sticks of cinnamon
10 cloves
8 black peppercorns
5 star anise stars
2 tbs. canola oil
1 large, sweet, yellow onion, quartered
10 sprigs of cilantro
2 cloves of garlic, peeled and lightly crushed, but whole
about a 3/4" chunk of ginger, sliced
1 bay leaf
1 tbs. unrefined cane sugar
1 tbs. dark soy sauce
1 tsp. salt
8 c. vegetable broth*

Directions:
In a large stock pot, toast the cinnamon, cloves, pepper, and anise over high heat until your kitchen smells amazing (about 2 minutes). Add the oil, onion, garlic, cilantro, ginger, and bay leaf and saute until the onions and garlic begin to brown lightly. Add the rest of the ingredients and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and let simmer for 45 minutes. Be patient. Ninety minutes is even better, if you have it. You can make a "quick" version using a ground up mix of the spices (or even Chinese 5 spice powder), but it won't be as good. Once it's cooked for at least 45 minutes, salt to taste. Don't try salting it too early; the flavors need time to develop and you'll end up over-salting.
Strain the broth.
Prepare tofu while broth is cooking.  Drain and cut into whatever shape and size you prefer.  I like to dry fry my tofu with Braggs liquid aminos, but it can also be deep fried.
While the broth is cooking, prepare the pho sides that will add additional flavor to the soup.  Place on a serving plate: lime wedges, Thai basil, sliced jalapenos and bean sprouts make nice additions.
Cook the rice noodles according to instructions on the package when the broth is nearly finished.  Drain and rinse in cold water to stop the cooking process.
Serve the broth piping hot over rice noodles and garnish with cilantro and green onion.

Submitter: 
Momi
Description: 
From the blog: http://veglicious.blogspot.com/2007/08/pho.ht
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
