URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64559987/russian-salad-ensalada-rusa-olivers-salad/
Title:
Russian Salad / Ensalada Rusa (Olivers Salad) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 large serving bowl
10 eggs
6 medium size russet potatoes
4 medium size carrots
1 can medium size sweet peas
1 small onion (any type your family likes, we use white small onion)
4 tablespoons mayonnaise
2 cups meat * (Ukraine - Bologna  |  Dominican Republic - Chicken or no meat  |  but you add any meat you want to experiment)
3/4 cup sours * (Ukraine - brine dill pickles  |  Dominican Republic - pickled diced peppers  |  Note: both Eastern European and Latin American regions sometimes add a green apple) I don't.
1 teaspoon salt *or 1 teaspoon Adobo w/salt
ground pepper to taste

Directions:
Hard boil eggs, carrots, potatoes. (To save time, I often do this a night before and let it all cool to touch.)
Once cooked and cooled, peel eggs, potatoes and carrots then set aside.
Take your small onion, cooked and peeled carrots and your sours, chop to 1/4 inch a piece and  drop into your serving bowl.
Take your meat, peeled potatoes and peeled eggs cut to about 1/2 inch and drop everything into your serving bowl EXCEPT EGGS.  That will go last.
Now add your mayonnaise to bowl and mix evenly over ingredients.
Lastly add your eggs into mixture and salt and pepper (or Adobo).
Do one last mix so that mayonnaise  evenly spreads over eggs.
And your done!
(Salad should be served cold, I usually cover my bowl with a lid or some plastic wrap for about 30 minutes in refrigerator, but that's optional.)
Congratulations on creating this universal delicious salad! I hope you enjoy!

Submitter: 
Kay
Description: 
This delicious dish has traveled far across many oceans and every country that it reached it has adapted to its regions staple ingredients.  The reason why this salad is my first edition is because of its versatility to adapt to any crowd of people.  When you start seeing the * this is where I want you to experiment to your family's choice.  My household is Ukrainian and Dominican.  First time both of the families got together the table was full of Latin and Eastern European flavors and delicious aroma that even neighbors gathered to enjoy.  This salad bowl was emptied out in about 5 minutes. 
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 min
Ready in:
1:30 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
