URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64551554/injera-ethiopian-teff-bread/
Title:
Injera (Ethiopian Teff Bread) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3307533.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup white teff flour
1/4 cup brown teff flour
1 cup filtered water
2 Tbsp white teff flour, or as needed
2 tbsp filtered water, or as needed
1 tsp vegetable oil, optional

Directions:
PREPARATION:
The objective of the fermentation process is to achieve a liquid mixture (like a crepe batter) with a slightly pungent smell and a moderate increase in volume. This can take up to three days but could occur in 12 hours, depending on the humidity and temperature of the environment. Keep your eye and nose on the mixture to understand when it is ready. The following is how it worked for me in a relatively cool home with very low humidity.
Day 1 - In a bowl, mix together 1/2 cup white teff flour and 1/4 cup brown teff flour. Add 1 cup of filtered water and whisk well. Pour the mixture into a glass container large enough to hold three times the original volume. Cover with cheesecloth. Do not cover with a hermetic seal or plastic wrap, the circulation of air is vital. The cheesecloth is to keep out any dust or unwanted airborne substances. Leave in a draft-free environment. Do not put in an oven or closed area, the mixture needs air to be circulated in order to grow. Stir twice in 24 hours.
Day 2 - You should begin to notice bubbles forming and possibly an increase in volume. If this occurs, there should also be a slight tangy and sour smell. If these two occurrences are evident, add 1 Tbsp of teff flour and 1 Tbsp of water, whisk well. Once the new mixture has been added check if, in a few hours, bubbles have formed and the mixture has increased in volume and the pungent smell is still evident. If so, your batter is ready and skip to the cooking process.
If your mixture has not at least begun to foam, nor does it have a soured smell to it, (meaning there are some slight bubbles but no increase in volume or no notable pungent smell), leave it to rest another 12 hours, simply stirring it once.
Day 3 - By this time, the mixture should be bubbly and at least doubled in volume. The smell of the batter should have a slight soured smell to it. Mix together the 2 Tbsp of flour and 2 Tbsp of water in a separate bowl, making sure there are no lumps, and then add to the original mixture, whisking well. After a few hours, the mixture should be bubbly again and have a noticeable increase in volume. The smell will be pungent but fragrant. This is a correct batter and one that is ready for use.
COOKING:
Using an 8-inch crepe pan or non-stick skillet, heat over medium temperature. Slightly oil the pan, if desired. Using a scant 1/2 cup of batter, slowly and steadily pour the batter in a circular motion from outside inwards. The batter should not be swirled around the pan;  instead, the batter should completely cover the pan in a spiral from the outer ring towards the center of the pan.
Cover and cook on medium-low to allow the steam to cook the top of the bread and the neat to cook but not burn the bottom side.
Remove from pan with a spatula. Cover

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
A naturally fermented, spongy flatbread from Ethiopia is made from teff flour and water, using wild yeast to ferment over a couple of days. It is then cooked like a crepe and turned into a flavourful, tangy bread to serve with your favorite Ethiopian food. The fermentation process can take up to two or three days, depending on your climate. Injera is typically served with vegetables and/or meat on top where the bread is actually an eating utensil.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
3 d
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
