URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64558768/potato-kale-gravy/
Title:
Potato-kale gravy Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3426739.jpg
Ingredients:
1 bunch Kale
3 medium sized potatoes/aloo
1 medium sized tomato, chopped
2 garlic + ½ inch ginger - crushed or made into a paste
1 or 2 green chilies
1 small indian bay leaf
¼ tsp turmeric powder
a pinch of asafetida
¼ or ½ tsp garam masala powder
1.5 tbsp besan/gram flour
2 cup water
4 tbsp oil or ghee or butter
¼ tbsp mustard seeds
½ tbsp cumin seeds
½ tsp crushed kasuri methi/dry methi leaves (optional)
salt as required
a few ginger julienne for garnishing

Directions:
Boil the potatoes or aloos in a pressure cooker or steamer till they are completely cooked.
Peel and quarter or dice them and keep aside covered.
Boil 2 cups water and add the washed kale.
Blanch them in the water for 4-5 minutes and switched off the fire and keep aside to get cool and along with green chilies, make a smooth puree in a grinder or blender. (Don’t drain water as contains nutrients)
Add 1.5 tbsp gram flour into smooth kale puree and stir with a wired whisk so that the gram flour dissolves and there are no lumps.
Heat the oil or ghee or butter in a pan and add the mustard seeds to it. When they crackle, add cumin seeds.
Now add the ginger-garlic paste and fry till the raw aroma goes away.
Add the tomatoes and fry till the tomatoes become soft and mushy.
Add the turmeric powder and asafoetida and stir for 5-10 seconds.
Add the Kale puree. stir well and season with salt.
Simmer the Kale gravy till the Kale gets completely cooked as the gravy will be slightly thicken.
You can adjust the consistency by adding more or less water. add the potatoes and simmer for 2-3 minutes more.
Sprinkle the garam masala powder & crushed kasuri methi leaves if you want and stir and cook for a minute.
Serve potatoe-kale gravy hot with some Indian bread or rice.

Submitter: 
Harshada Dhande-Sarode
Description: 
potato-kale gravy is for them who don't like the taste of kale but nutritious.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25m
Ready in:
45m
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
