URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64550795/truffle-mixed-nuts/
Title:
Truffle Mixed Nuts Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3293997.jpg
Ingredients:
4 cups mixed nuts (my jam is marcona almonds, unsalted is better but salted works in a pinch, pecans, brazil nuts, and cashews. Use whatever nuts you prefer best)
2 1/2 tablespoons truffle oil (in California you can find it at Sprouts markets, for sure at gourmet food stores)
2 tablespoons worchestershire sauce
1/2	teaspoon garlic salt
1/2	teaspoon Trader Joe’s Taco Seasoning Mix (omit if you don’t have access to a Trader Joe’s)
1/2	teaspoon chili powder
1  teaspoon kosher salt, heaping

Directions:
Preheat oven to 250°F. Line a sheet pan with silpat or lightly greased foil is fine. Place all nuts in a large bowl and toss well to combine. Pour the truffle oil and Worcestershire sauce over the nuts and toss to coat. Mix the dry spices in a separate small bowl and sprinkle evenly over the oiled nuts. Again toss well to coat. Make sure there are no pockets of oil at the bottom of the bowl - mix well to combine. Spread the coated nuts on the pan.
Bake the nuts for 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and stir well. Bake for an additional 10 minutes or until the nuts are mostly dry to the touch. They will continue to dry as they cool, so be careful to not overbake so they burn!
Remove nuts from oven and let cool on baking sheet. Sprinkle with additional salt if desired and serve. Store any leftovers airtight at room temperature. PS-They make awesome gifts! Spread the coated nuts on the pan. Bake the nuts for 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and stir well. Bake for an additional 10 minutes or until the nuts are mostly dry to the touch. They will continue to dry as they cool, so be careful to not overbake so they burn! Remove nuts from oven and let cool on baking sheet. Sprinkle with additional salt if desired and serve. Store any leftovers airtight at room temperature. PS-They make awesome gifts! Remove nuts from oven and let cool on baking sheet. Sprinkle with additional salt if desired and serve. Store any leftovers airtight at room temperature. PS-They make awesome gifts!

Submitter: 
Kim Scharf
Description: 
I think we can all agree that when you give someone a food gift, and you hear back from EVERYONE you gave it to how good it was, that you have a keeper recipe for sure. 

That was the case with these Truffle Mixed Nuts. Let’s face it, most people like mixed nuts. But the mild truffle flavor and spices in these pushes the love of mixed nuts to one of…adoration. 

Valentine’s Day is coming up. Give these to someone you love and they will love you even more. Or at least ask for more nuts…
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
