URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64569969/spring-veggie-galette/
Title:
Spring Veggie Galette Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Crust:
1 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1/2 tablespoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cubed
1 egg
1 tablespoon whole milk
Filling:
2 shallots, thinly sliced
1 tablespoon olive oil
2 tablespoons Dijon mustard
3/4 cup ricotta cheese
1/2 lemon, zested and juiced
pinch of red pepper flakes
1/4 cup grated Parmesan
1 egg
salt and pepper, to taste
8-12 spears of asparagus
1/4 cup peas
1/4 cup corn
1-2 tablespoons cream

Directions:
Mix white and wheat flours, sugar and salt in a food processor until combined. Add butter; pulse until mixture resembles peas. Whisk together egg and milk and add to processor. Pulse until dough clumps up. Bring dough together into a ball and wrap in plastic wrap. Flatten into a disk and chill at least 1½ hours or overnight.
Remove dough from fridge let come to room temp, 1 hour. Preheat oven to 425F.
Add oil to pan and preheat over medium heat. Add shallots to pan and cook until caramelized and translucent, about 3 minutes. Remove shallots from pan and cool.
Roll dough out on parchment paper to 11-12 inches across. Transfer parchment sheet with rolled out dough to baking pan.
Leaving an inch or so of dough around the edges uncovered, spread mustard on dough.
Mix ricotta with zest, lemon juice, red pepper flakes, Parmesan, egg, salt and pepper. Spread over the mustard. Top cheese mixture with asparagus, corn, peas and caramelized shallots.
Pull the corner edges of the parchment paper up, using it to help you gently fold the crust up over the filling to create a freeform shell. Pleat as needed to seal all the filling in on the edges.
Brush the folded up crust with cream. Bake for 35 minutes, until golden.

Submitter: 
Matt Wencl
Description: 
The beautiful thing about galettes is that they don't need to look perfect--they adapt to every skill level and they're receptive to whatever ingredients you have on hand. So, who wants pie for dinner? Wrap up fresh flavors of the season in an easy butter crust and welcome Spring!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
4 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
