URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64561472/beef-enchiladas-with-homemade-sauce/
Title:
Beef Enchiladas with Homemade Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Sauce:
3 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 tablespoon flour
1/8 cup chili powder (up to 1/4 cup depending on preference)
2 cups chicken stock
6 ounces tomato paste
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1/4 teaspoon salt
Enchiladas:
1 pound ground beef
1 teaspoon extra virgin olive oil
1 onion, diced
1/2 green bell pepper, diced
2- 4 ounce cans fire roasted diced green chilies
1 bag (80z) reduced-fat, shredded Mexican cheese
1 package La Tortilla Factory® Smart & Delicious™ Low-Carb High Fiber Tortillas, Large Size (8 count)
1 can rinsed black beans

Directions:
Sauce:
In a medium saucepan heat oil, add flour, smoothing and stirring with a wooden spoon. Cook for about 1-2 minutes, then add the chili powder and cook for an additional 30 seconds. Add stock, tomato paste, oregano, and cumin and salt. Stir to combine. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low and cook for 15 minutes. The sauce will thicken and smooth out.
Enchiladas:
Preheat oven to 375º F. Coat a 9" x 13" baking dish (or similar size pan) with nonstick cooking spray.
Cook ground beef on medium heat until done. Drain meat and set aside.
Add onion, bell pepper, and green chilies to the pan, cover, and cook until soft.
Add cooked ground beef back to the pan with onion and peppers, and add black beans.
Mix meat mixture with 1/2 cup enchilada sauce, stir and cook for 1-2 minutes.
Spoon meat evenly onto center of tortillas and roll. Place tortillas with the seam side facing down into pan.
Cover tortillas with remaining enchilada sauce and cheese.
Bake uncovered for 20 minutes until cheese is melted.
Top with black olives, mashed avocado, and fresh cilantro!

Submitter: 
Heather Marie
Description: 
Beef enchiladas with homemade sauce
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
