URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64565233/salmon-cakes-with-artichoke-tartar-sauce/
Title:
Salmon Cakes with Artichoke Tartar Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Tartar Sauce:
1 small jar artichokes, drained and chopped
1 cup mayonnaise
2 tablespoons chopped cornichons
1 tablespoon chopped capers (rinsed and drained)
2 teaspoons Dijon mustard
Juice of 1/2 lemon
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
Cakes:
3 tablespoons olive oil
1/4 cup finely diced celery
1/4 cup finely diced red onions
1/4 cup finely diced red bell peppers
2 tablespoons minced freshly parsley
Two 14.75-ounce cans boneless, skinless salmon
2/3 cup cracker crumbs (I like Ritz)
2 tablespoons mayonnaise
1 tablespoon Dijon mustard
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 egg
Zest of 1 lemon
Juice of 1/2 lemon

Directions:
For tartar sauce: Combine the artichokes, mayonnaise, cornichons, capers, Dijon and lemon juice in a medium bowl; season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate until ready to use.
For the cakes: In a skillet over medium heat, add 1 tablespoon of the oil and saute the celery, onions and bell peppers until tender, 5 to 6 minutes. Stir in the parsley. Transfer the mixture to a large bowl and add the salmon, cracker crumbs, mayonnaise, Dijon, salt, pepper, egg and lemon zest and juice. Mix with your hands until evenly combined. Shape into patties (I use 1/2 cup per patty, making 8). Place on a baking sheet and refrigerate for 20 minutes.
In a large nonstick skillet, heat 1 tablespoon oil over medium-high heat. Cook the patties (do not overcrowd the pan -- I do 4 at a time) until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Add the remaining tablespoon of oil to cook the second batch.
Transfer to a serving platter and serve with the tartar sauce.

Submitter: 
goodeats
Description: 
Recipe from Katie Lee on The Food Network.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
55 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
