URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64561986/grilled-chicken-fajita-salad/
Title:
Grilled chicken fajita salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4.8 from 8 reviews
SAVE
PRINT
GRILLED CHILLI LIME CHICKEN FAJITA SALAD
Author: Karina - Cafe Delites
Serves: 4
Tender and juicy chicken thighs grilled in a chilli lime marinade that doubles as a dressing! Creamy avocado slices, grilled red and yellow peppers, and succulent chicken pieces.
INGREDIENTS
Marinade/Dressing:
3 tablespoons olive oil
100ml (just over ? cup) freshly squeezed lime juice
2 tablespoons fresh chopped cilantro
2 cloves garlic, crushed
1 teaspoon brown sugar
¾ teaspoon red chilli flakes (adjust to your preference of spice)
½ teaspoon ground Cumin
1 teaspoon salt
Salad:
4 chicken thigh fillets, skin removed (no bone)
½ yellow bell pepper, deseeded and sliced
½ red bell pepper, deseeded and sliced
½ an onion, sliced
5 cups Romaine (or cos) lettuce leaves, washed and dried
2 avocados, sliced
Extra cilantro leaves to garnish
Sour cream (optional) to serve
INSTRUCTIONS
Whisk marinade ingredients together to combine. Pour half the marinade into a shallow dish to marinade the chicken fillets for two hours if time allows. Refrigerate the reserved untouched marinade to use as a dressing.
Heat about one teaspoon of oil in a grill pan or skillet over medium-high heat and grill chicken fillets on each side until golden, crispy and cooked through. (Grill in batches to prevent excess water being released.) Once chicken is cooked, set aside and allow to rest.
Wipe pan over with paper towel; drizzle with another teaspoon of oil and fry pepper and onion strips until cooked to your liking.
Slice chicken into strips and prepare salad with leaves, avocado slices, peppers, onion strips and chicken. Drizzle with remaining marinade/dressing and serve with (optional) extra cilantro leaves and sour cream.

Directions:
See

Submitter: 
Ona
Description: 
See
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
