URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64560152/chimichurri-burger-katleti/
Title:
Chimichurri Burger / Katleti Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3448274.jpg
Ingredients:
4 Portuguese buns (oval shaped buns) or you can use any bun you like
2 tbsp vegetable oil
1 pound ground beef or chicken * Traditional Dominican Republic burger is Ground chuck bee1 1 large onion cut in half
1/2 large bell pepper finely chopped
3 to 4 garlic cloves finely chopped (We love garlic sometimes I'll add 4 or 5 cloves)
1 tbsp soy sauce
1 tbsp worcestershire sauce
1 tbsp yellow mustard
1 tsp oregano
1 tsp salt
1 tsp ground black pepper
1/2 a cabbage finely sliced
1/2 cup mayonnaise
1/2 cup ketchup
2 tomatoes
Optional : 4 slice of cheese

Directions:
Cut onion in half.  First half, chop finely into 1/4 inch pieces and the other half cut into long thin slices and set aside.
In a mixing bowl combine the following : finely chopped onion, ground meat, bell pepper, garlic, soy sauce, worcestershire sauce, yellow mustard, oregano, salt & pepper.
After all ingredients are evenly mixed create 4 evenly sized shapes to fit the size of your bun.
In a large skillet, add your vegetable oil and preheat at a medium high heat (dial 7 on my oven).
Once preheated, place and cook in skillet 6 minutes on each side to assure the meat is cooked to your liking.
While meat is cooking take ketchup and mayonnaise and mix together to create a delicious sauce you will later use.
By now you should flip your burger to opposite side.  Lower the heat to a medium low ( dial 4 on my oven). Cook about 4 minutes and if you want the optional cheese add it 2 minutes before you turn of the oven.
Take the tomatoes and slice to create even tomato rings.
Slice open your buns.
Evenly spread the ketchup/mayo sauce on both sides of bun.
Remove the patties and place on lower side on the bun.
Now layer your finely sliced cabbage ( to your liking),  sliced half of the onion and tomato on top of the patty.
Close the burger bun and your done!
Enjoy

Submitter: 
Kay
Description: 
This delicious street food burger is very popular with my Ukrainian family.  One of my baby cousins said its a superman katletka.  Ukrainian katleti are very similar but I must admit a little boring compared to the chimichurri. Dont be afraid to try this for your Eastern European family they will absolutely love it.  Before you know it, you wont be making katleti anyone, all chimichurri for our household!  Enjoy and don't be afraid to let me know your outcome :)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
