URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64569421/slow-cooker-buffalo-chicken/
Title:
Slow Cooker Buffalo Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
INGREDIENTS:
3 lbs raw boneless skinless chicken breasts (the original recipe used frozen breasts, but I used them unfrozen, so it appears you can do either)
12 oz bottle of Buffalo wing sauce (I used Frank’s Wing Sauce)
1 oz packet of dry Ranch mix (I used Hidden Valley)
2 tablespoons light butter

Directions:
IRECTIONS:
Place the chicken breasts in your slow cooker. Pour the bottle of wing sauce over the top of the chicken. Sprinkle the packet of ranch mix over the top of the wing sauce. Place the lid on your slow cooker. Cook on low for 7-9 hours until meat shreds easily.
Remove meat and shred it using two forks. Return shredded meat to the sauce and add the butter. Stir to combine. Continue to cook on low for another hour so the meat can soak up the sauce. Serve however you like!
This recipe makes a lot of chicken, but it’s so versatile that you can use it to make tons of different meals. I photographed the chicken served on a roll as a sandwich but you could also use it to make quesadillas, top baked potatoes, add protein to mac & cheese, pile on a pizza, fill lettuce wraps (a low carb option!), etc. The possibilities are endless! *Update: I also mixed some of my leftovers with a little bit of light blue cheese dressing, microwaved it and ate it as a dip with baked tortilla chips and veggies. It was awesome!

Submitter: 
Gina Lee Lafreniere
Description: 
This recipe could not be easier. There are only 4 ingredients and you simply layer three of them in your slow cooker in the morning, go to work, come home, shred the meat, wait a little longer and then voila: your main course is ready! If the thought of turning on your oven in the summer has you placing a regular daily order at your local pizza joint, this may be the perfect solution. I did drizzle some blue cheese dressing over the top on my sandwich for good measure and it was perfect. Hopefully I don’t get run out of town for this…
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
8 hrs
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
