URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64560180/jans-ginger-and-chocolate-scones/
Title:
Jan's Ginger and Chocolate Scones Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3448867.jpg
Ingredients:
3 1/2 cups all purpose flour
1/2 cup white sugar
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoons baking powder
1 egg, beaten
3/4 cup candied ginger, diced
3/4 cup mini, dark chocolate chips
2 teaspoons ginger powder
1 tablespoon fresh ginger finely grated
1 cup buttermilk
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
8 tablespoons butter, melted
2 tablespoons coarse sugar for topping
1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon of water - this is for brushing the scones before baking

Directions:
Heat oven to 400
Prepare 2,  parchment paper or silpat lined, baking sheets. Sprinkle with some flour.  Set aside.
Mix all dry ingredients together in a large bowl, including chocolate chips, candied ginger and fresh ginger.  Whisk until well distributed.
Make a well in the center of the flour mixture.
Add in wet ingredients.  Mix together just until the mixture is moistened evenly without over mixing.  Mix should have a clumpy unfinished appearance, not a well mixed dough.
Divide dough in two portions.  Place one portion on each prepared baking sheet.  Flatten with floured hands to about 1 inch thickness into a circle.
Divide each circle into six even scones with a knife.  Dip in flour if necessary. Spread scones out on the baking sheet.
Brush each scone with egg wash.
Sprinkle with coarse sugar.
Bake at 400 for approximately 20 - 25 minutes.  You may need to rotate pans half way through baking.
Cool and enjoy.
Store in an air tight container and they stay fresh and moist for several days.
I also used a cast iron biscuit pan that worked very well.

Submitter: 
What's for dinner, mom?
Description: 
Trader Joe's Triple ginger cookies are my favorite cookie.  I used those ingredients to make a spicy scone rich with dark chocolate chips.  A treat anytime of day!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
