URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64561701/big-rays-chicken-tikka-masala/
Title:
Big Ray's Chicken Tikka Masala Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3473500.jpg
Ingredients:
6 garlic cloves, finely grated
4 tsp finely grated peeled ginger
4 tsp ground turmeric
2 tsp garam masala
2 tsp ground coriander
2 tsp ground cumin
1 1/2 cups whole-milk yogurt (not Greek)
1 Tbsp kosher salt
2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs
3 Tbsp vegetable oil
1 small onion, thinly sliced
1/4 cup tomato paste
6 cardamom pods, crushed
1/2 tsp crushed red pepper flakes
1 28-ounce can whole peeled tomatoes
2 cups heavy cream
3/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro plus sprigs for garnish
Steamed basmati rice (for serving)t

Directions:
Combine garlic, ginger, turmeric, garam masala, coriander, and cumin in a small bowl. Whisk yogurt, salt, and half of spice mixture in a medium bowl; add chicken and turn to coat. Cover and chill 4-6 hours. Cover and chill remaining spice mixture.
Heat oil n a large heavy pot over medium heat. Add onion, tomato paste, cardamom, and red pepper and cook, stirring often, until tomato paste has darkened and onion is soft, about 5 minutes. Add remaining half of spice mixture and cook, stirring often, until bottom of pot begins to brown, about 4 minutes.
Add tomatoes with juices, crushing them with your hands as you add them. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer, stirring often and scraping up browned bits from bottom of pot, until sauce thickens, 8-10 minutes.
Add cream and chopped cilantro. Simmer, stirring occasionally, until sauce thickens, 30-40 minutes.
Meanwhile, preheat broiler. Line a rimmed baking sheet with foil and set a wire rack inside sheet. Arrange chicken on rack in a single layer. Broil until chicken starts to blacken in spots (it will not be cooked through), about 10 minutes.
Cut chicken into bite-size pieces, add to sauce, and simmer, stirring occasionally, until chicken is cooked through, 8-10 minutes. Serve with rice and cilantro sprigs.
Do Ahead: Chicken can be made 2 days ahead. Cover; chill. Reheat before serving.

Submitter: 
bfr610
Description: 
The yogurt helps tenderize the chicken; the garlic, ginger, and spices in the marinade infuse it with lots of flavor. You'll swear your in India.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
5 1/2 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
