URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64561678/big-rays-tuna-casserole-with-dill-and-potato-chips/
Title:
Big Ray's Tuna Casserole With Dill And Potato Chips Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3473050.jpg
Ingredients:
½ cup (1 stick) plus 1 Tbsp unsalted butter, divided
12 ounces dried curly egg noodles
Kosher salt
1 large onion, finely chopped
10 ounces mushrooms, chopped
¼ cup white wine
Freshly ground black pepper
1 Tbsp Worcestershire sauce
2 tsp finely chopped thyme
¼ cup all-purpose flour
2½ cups chicken stock
1 can cream mushroom soup
6 ounces white cheddar, grated
2 teaspoons hot sauce
2 6-ounce cans tuna, drained, broken into small pieces
2 cups potato chips, crushed
1 lemon
½ cup dill, coarsely chopped
2 Tbsp finely chopped chives
1 tsp capers

Directions:
reheat oven to 400°. Grease a 13" x 9" baking dish with 1 Tbsp butter.
Cook egg noodles in a large pot of boiling salted water, stirring occasionally, until very al dente, about 2 minutes. Drain pasta; let cool.
Melt 4 Tbsp butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onion; cook, stirring, until soft but not brown, 8–10 minutes. Increase heat to medium-high and add mushrooms. Cook, tossing occasionally, until most of the mushroom liquid has evaporated, 4–6 minutes. Add wine and reduce until skillet is almost dry, about 2 minutes; season with salt and pepper. Stir in Worcestershire and thyme.
Melt remaining 4 Tbsp butter in a medium pot over medium-low heat. Whisk in flour and cook until roux is golden and looks shiny and smooth, about 2 minutes. Whisking constantly, add chicken stock and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium and add soup, cheddar, and hot sauce; cook, stirring, until cheese is melted, about 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper.
Gently fold mushroom mixture, cream mixture, noodles, capers, and tuna in a large bowl; taste and adjust seasonings if needed.
Transfer tuna mixture to prepared baking dish. Press chips into casserole so top is covered. Bake casserole until bubbly around the edges and chips begin to brown, 15–20 minutes. Zest one-quarter of the lemon over casserole. Let sit 5 minutes, then top with dill and chives.

Submitter: 
bfr610
Description: 
Undercooking the pasta is key; it’s what ensures the casserole won’t be mushy after baking. And the potato chips add crunch to every bite.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
60 m
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
