URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64561939/big-rays-brown-butter-chocolate-chip-cookie-dough-pretzel-snickers-bars/
Title:
Big Ray's Brown Butter Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Pretzel Snickers Bars Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3477098.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/4 cups milk chocolate chips
1/4 cup creamy peanut butter
1/4 cup butter
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1/4 cup canned coconut milk or regular milk
1 1/2 cups marshmallow fluff
1 cup salted peanuts chopped, roughly chopped
1 tsp vanilla extract
1 14-ounce bag of caramels
1/4 cup coconut milk or cream
1 1/2 (3/4 cup) sticks butter
2/3 cup brown sugar
2 Tbsp heavy cream or coconut milk
1 1/2 tsp vanilla extract
1 cup flour
1/4 tsp salt
1/2 -3/4 cup mini chocolate chips
1 1/2 cups milk chocolate chips)
1/4 cup creamy peanut butter
1 cup pretzels (twist or sticks)
1/2 cup chocolate chips, melted

Directions:
Thoroughly grease a 13 x 9 inch-baking pan. Melt 1 1/4 cups chocolate chips with 1/4-cup peanut butter in a saucepan or microwave, then pour into the baking dish and spread until even. Place in the fridge for 30 minutes or in the freezer for 15 minutes.
While the chocolate hardens make the nougat layer. Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add in sugar and milk, stirring until dissolved and bring to a boil. Let cook for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add in marshmallow fluff and vanilla, stirring until smooth. Turn off heat and fold in peanuts, then pour over bottom chocolate layer. Let cool completely, about 30 minutes or 15 minutes in the fridge.
While nougat layer cools make the caramel layer. Combine the caramels and cream in a saucepan over low heat. Let melt, stirring occasionally, until smooth, this took about 10 minutes for me. Pour over nougat layer and let cool completely, about 10 minutes.
While the caramel layer cools make the cookie dough. In a heavy-bottomed sauce pan add the remaining butter, melt butter over medium heat until just browned. Butter will melt, foam, and froth, then begin to brown along the bottom. Whisk browned bits off of the bottom of the pan and pour into the bowl of a stand mixer or large bowl. Allow to cool 10 minutes. If browning butter is not your thing you may skip the step and just use softened room temperature butter
To the bowl add the brown sugar, cream or coconut milk and vanilla. Beat until combined, fluffy and light in color. Beat in the flour and salt until combined. Stir in the chocolate chips. Spread the cookie dough over the caramel layer, be careful not to press too hard into the caramel. You don't want to mix the two layers.
Melt 1 1/2 cups chocolate chips with 1/4-cup peanut butter in a saucepan, or just microwave them, pour over caramel and spread until even. Sprinkle with the pretzels and drizzle with the remaining melted chocolate. Let cool and harden completely.
Refrigerate for at least one hour before serving, then cut as desired. These can stay at room temperature, but they do get soft and gooey.  You can have these kept in the fridge, but leave out for 15 minutes before eating.

Submitter: 
bfr610
Description: 
These bars are insanely good. My family loves them. It is everything you love about a Snickers bar, the nougat layer, the caramel and all the chocolate. Just be careful and know when to stop eating them!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
20
Nutritional Facts:
NA
