URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64561674/big-rays-one-pot-spanish-chicken-and-potatoes/
Title:
Big Ray's One Pot Spanish Chicken and Potatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3473033.jpg
Ingredients:
½ cup olive oil
1 large yellow onion, sliced (about 1 cup)
3 cloves garlic
5 ripe tomatoes, cut in half
½ of a large eggplant, skin removed and diced (2-3 cups)
1½ tsp salt
1½ lbs. chicken thigh meat
1 large Russet potato, sliced
salt and pepper to taste
1 tsp all purpose seasoning (I use poultry seasoning)
½ cup fresh parsley leaves
crusty bread or rice for serving

Directions:
Sauce: Heat the olive oil in a large, deep skillet over medium high heat. Add the onions and garlic. Scoop the juices, seeds, and flesh out of the tomatoes into the pan. Add the eggplant pieces and simmer the mixture for 5 minutes or until everything is soupy-like and softened and very good smelling. Place the scooped out tomato halves over the sauce, open side down. Simmer for a few minutes until the tomatoes have steamed and softened. Break them up in the pan and simmer for another 5-10 minutes to get all the flavors real nice and yummy.
Blend: Transfer to a blender or food processor, puree until mixture reaches your desired consistency, and stir in the salt. Taste and adjust to you liking.
Chicken and Potatoes: In the same pan, add one more quick drizzle of olive oil and add the chicken and potato slices. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and seasoning. Saute for a few minutes on each side until they are browned.
Finish: Add the sauce back to the pan, cover, and simmer for 10 minutes or until the chicken and potatoes are fully cooked. Top with fresh parsley and serve with crusty white bread or rice.

Submitter: 
bfr610
Description: 
This one-pot recipe Spanish Chicken and Potatoes is full of flavor and vibrant color and is perfect served with a big piece of crusty white bread or over a steaming hot pile of rice. The recipe is one inspired from a tomato salsa , my friends mother taught me how to make.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
