URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64571123/peanut-butter-cheesecake/
Title:
Peanut Butter Cheesecake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
GRAHAM CRACKER CRUST
1 stick unsalted butter, melted
2 cups chocolate graham cracker crumbs (teddy grahams)
CHOCOLATE PEANUT BUTTER GANACHE
5 oz dark chocolate chips (or semi sweet)
1/4 cup peanut butter
1/2 cup heavy cream
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
PEANUT BUTTER CHEESECAKE
24 oz cream cheese, softened (leave out overnight to be sure it is thoroughly softened)
1/2 cup truvia (or sugar)
1/2 + 1/3 cups sugar
1 cup peanut butter
¼ cups corn starch
2 eggs
1 tablespoon vanilla (or vanilla bean paste)
½ cup heavy cream
CHOCOLATE GANACHE GARNISH:
4 oz semi-sweet chocolate chips
1/2 cup heavy whipping cream
3 packages (6 cups) Reese Peanut Butter cups, crumbled

Directions:
GRAHAM CRACKER CRUST
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Mix graham cracker crumbs and sugar until well combined then add in melted butter until wet and crumbly.
Press crumb mixture into a 9" springform pan being sure to press and taper the mixture up the sides about 1 inch.
Bake for 10 minutes. Set aside to cool.
CHOCOLATE PEANUT BUTTER GANACHE
Place 5 oz chocolate and 1/4 peanut butter into a nonreactive bowl and stir together.
Heat 1/2 cup heavy cream in a pan until boiling. Cover heavy cream over chocolate and peanut butter, cover and let rest for 5 minutes.
After 5 minutes  add in 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract and stir until smooth.
spread 1/4-1/2 the ganache over the chocolate graham cracker crust and spread evenly on bottom and on the sides. Allow ganache to set while making the cheesecake.
PEANUT BUTTER CHEESECAKE:
In a large pot boil 8-12 quarts of water
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Wrap the outside of the springform pan in a double layer of plastic wrap and then a layer of aluminum foil. Make sure that the aluminum foil covers the plastic wrap.
Mix cream cheese, truvia and sugar together in mixer until smooth. Add cornstarch and mix until incorporated.
Add eggs and vanilla but do not beat on high. It puts too much air into the batter and air will make your crust crack.
Stir in heavy cream
Pour the cheesecake batter into the cooled crust.
Using ½  the peanut butter ganache and a spoon, create polka dots over the cheesecake batter. Swirl the  polka dots into the batter by dragging a toothpick or a table knife through the ganache and cheesecake batter.
Pour the boiling water into a roasting pan and place the springform pan into the  pan being sure that the water is only 1/2 way up the springform pan.
Bake for 1 to 1 ¼ hours until the cake has set and starts to get a slight golden color. When the cheesecake is done remove it from the water bath and let it cool on a wire rack for 2 hours. Chill in fridge for 8 hours.
Before serving, remove spring form ring and garnish with chocolate ganache and crumbled reeses peanut butter cups.
CHOCOLATE GANACHE GARNISH:
Place chocolate chips in a nonreactive bowl.
Bring 1/2 cup heavy whipping cream to a boil then pour over chocolate to be sure all the chocolate is covered. Cover and let sit for 5 minutes.
Remove lid and mix until smooth. For glazing a cake. allow the ganache to cool for about 35 minutes. The ganache should coat a spoon- use your timer. Pour ganache over the top edge so ganache drips over the side. Sprinkle crumbed peanut butter cups over the ganache before it sets.

Submitter: 
Apron Appeal
Description: 
Plain and simple peanut butter cheesecake. Next time consider only using 1/2 cup sugar instead of 1/2 cup + 1/3 cup.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
12 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
