URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64576131/chicken-normandy/
Title:
Chicken Normandy Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 tblspn Olive Oil
2 tblspn butter
2 lbs chicken thighs
Ground Nutmeg
2 Granny Smith Apples, peeled and thinly sliced
1 large brown onion, finely chopped
1/2 cup Calvados or dry Apple cider
1/2 cup chicken stock
1/3 cup Apple cider vinegar
1/4 teaspoon dried thyme
1 tablespoon plain flour
3 tablespoons water
1/2 cup sour cream
Salt & Pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 F
Heat the oil and half the butter in a large heavy frying pan over medium high heat.
Cook 1/3 of the chicken for 2-3 minutes each side or until golden.
Transfer chicken  to a large casserole dish
Season with salt and pepper and sprinkle with nutmeg
Repeat in 2 more batches with remaining chicken
Add one Apple to pan and cook for 2 minutes or until golden brown.
Place over the chicken in the dish
Cook the onion in the pan over medium-low heat about 3-4 minutes or until soft.
Add onion to casserole dish.
Cover and bake for 40 minutes.
While the casserole is baking, place the cider, chicken stock, vinegar, and thyme in a saucepan over medium high heat and bring to a boil.
Combine the flour and water in a small bowl,
Gradulally add the flour mix to the cider mixture, whisking constantly until well combined and thick.
Reduce heat and simmer for 3 minutes.
Heat the remaining butter in the pan over medium heat.
Add the second Apple and cook for 3-4 minutes on each side or until golden brown.
Remove from heat
Add the sour cream to the cider mixture and stir over medium heat for 1 minute or until the sauce is just heated through.
Pour the sauce over the chicken and Apple casserole and top with the Apple rings.

Submitter: 
N8TE
Description: 
Chicken Normandy uses apples, and Calvados, an apple brandy from Normandy.  Apple cider can be substituted for the Calvados.

Recipe courtesy of AmaWaterways
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
