URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64570025/baltimore-chicken/
Title:
"Baltimore" Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3526987.jpg
Ingredients:
Chicken…
2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts
4 thin slices prosciutto
2-4 slices provolone (depending on how much cheese you like)
1 tbs butter
1 tbs olive oil
1 egg
Enough flour to lightly coat chicken
Salt and pepper to taste
Sauce...
1 tbs butter
1 tbs flour
½ c of white cooking wine
½ c warm water
1 tsp chicken base
1/4 fresh squeezed lemon
1 clove garlic, pressed
1 tbs Romano cheese
Salt and pepper to taste
Escarole…
6-10 oz. escarole
1/8 c water
½ tsp chicken base
1 clove garlic
Pinch of salt
Romano cheese and crushed red pepper to finish

Directions:
In a small sauce pot, turn heat to low and melt butter, add garlic, then stir in flour to make the roux. Once thickened to a consistency somewhere between gravy and paste, turn heat to medium and stir in liquids and base, then the cheese. Stir until completely mixed, bring to a simmer (gets a little bubbly just before boiling) until sauce thickens slightly to a soupy consistency.
Prep and tenderize your chicken. In a large sauté pan, turn heat to medium-high and add butter and olive oil. Beat egg with a splash of water and spread some flour onto a plate. Season chicken with salt and pepper, then coat chicken lightly in flour, dip in egg and add to the hot pan. Cook chicken for 3 minutes per side, then turn heat to medium low, cover and cook through (about another 3 minutes per side). Remove lid and add half the sauce over the top of your chicken, then top with prosciutto and provolone. Cover until provolone is melted.
In a medium-sized sauté pan over medium heat, sauté the escarole. Mix the water, chicken base and garlic in the pan, then add escarole a couple handfuls at a time and sauté until tender. Add about ¼ of the wine sauce to finish.
Plate your escarole, then top with chicken, the remaining sauce, a little Romano and crushed red pepper if you like!

Submitter: 
Kate DeBiase
Description: 
My husband and I discovered an amazing restaurant while visiting Baltimore, MD Little Italy. I had this dish, dissected and made my own. Salty, lemony and oh-so good!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
