URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64571730/courts-cuban-carne-asada-street-tacos/
Title:
Court's Cuban Carne Asada Street Tacos Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3547052.jpg
Ingredients:
Ingredients for Mojo Marinade:
1 tablespoon canola oil, plus more for grilling
Juice from 2 limes
Zest from 1 orange
Juice from 2 oranges
4 cloves garlic, rough chopped
1 small onion, finely chopped (about 3/4 cup)
1 tablespoon chili powder
1 tablespoon ground cumin
1 tablespoon kosher salt
2 pounds skirt steak (1 large steak, cut in half)
Ingredients for taco toppings :
1/2 cup chopped cilantro
1/2 cup cotija cheese
2 limes quartered
1 small onion, finely chopped (about 3/4 cup)
Small corn tortillas

Directions:
For the marinade: Mix the oil, lime juice, orange zest and juice, garlic, onions, chili powder, cumin and salt in a bowl until combined. Adjust seasoning if necessary. Transfer the marinade into a large freezer bag. Add the steak and marinate in the fridge for at least 4 hours or maximum overnight.
Heat a grill or grill pan to medium-high heat and lightly coat with canola oil. Pull the steak out of the marinate and grill until charred and nice and crusty, 3 to 4 minutes a side. Remove and let rest for 10 minutes before slicing. Slice the meat thinly against the grain.
Fill warmed corn tortillas (use two per taco) with some steak, top with additional cilantro, cotija cheese, white onions and squeeze of lime
Serve 3 tacos per person with rice and refried beans on the side.

Submitter: 
Courtney Lynn Hernandez
Description: 
My husband and I have two favorite taco stands in the towns we grew up in, in California. His favorite is Antonio's Quick Stop taco stand in Olivehurst, CA and mine is Crazy Taco in Chico, CA.  The one item we order most frequently are traditional, carne asada tacos. This inexpensive recipe is the Cuban version to our favorite taco and is our favorite Cuban dish.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 hr (4+hr marinade time)
Ready in:
5 hrs 50min
Number of servings: 
3
Nutritional Facts:
NA
