URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64575523/burgerfi-veggie-burger/
Title:
BurgerFi "Veggie" Burger Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3596196.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup French lentils
2 cloves of garlic (peeled)
2 bay leaves
2 1/2 tablespoon olive oil, divided
sea salt, pepper
1/4 cup quinoa
1 sprig of thyme
1/2 cup chicken (or vegetable) stock
1 small white onion
1 medium carrot, peeled
2 tablespoons red wine
1.5 cups sliced button mushrooms
1 tablespoon unsalted butter
1/2 cup grated fontina cheese
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese
2 medium eggs, beaten
2 cups panko bread crumbs
1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice
1 -1.5 cup peanut oil
about 1/2 cup of flour, for dusting
12 whole wheat or oatmeal buns
2 tomatoes, cut into slices
1 red onion, cut crosswise into slices
1 heart of Romaine lettuce
hot sauce (optional)

Directions:
Empty the French lentils into a medium pot. Add 1 of the garlic cloves, the 2 bay leaves, and 1 tablespoon of the olive oil. Pour 1.5 cups of water, and bring the lentils to a boil. When they reach a boil, cover the pot with a lid, and let them soak for 1 hour. After the hour is up, simmer them for 20-25 minutes, or until the lentils are soft and the liquid has evaporated. Add salt and pepper to taste, and set aside.
Rinse the quinoa under running water for 1-2 minutes and dry them off as much as possible.  Combine the quinoa to a small pot, thyme and 1/2 tbls of olive oil. Turn the heat to medium, and cook the quinoa for about 2 minutes, or until it is quite dry and smells toasty. Add a pinch of salt and the chicken stock. Cover the pot, and cook for 10 minutes. Turn off the heat, but keep the lid on for another 5 minutes. Fluff, and set aside.
Mince the remaining garlic, along with the onion and carrot. Saute together with 1 tablespoon of olive oil over medium heat, until soft.  Add the red wine, and let it reduce. Add salt and pepper to taste. Set aside.
Wash and slice mushrooms.  Heat butter over medium heat in a large pan and add the mushroom slices, and cook until soft. Add salt to taste and set aside.
If you have not done so, grate both the cheeses.
Combine the lentils, quinoa, onion/carrot, mushrooms, and the cheeses to a food processor. Pulse everything together until it is quite well combined.  Move the mixture to a large bowl.
Add the eggs, the panko bread crumbs, and the lemon juice to the bowl with the vegetable mixture. Fold everything together until just combined.
Roll the mixture into balls, about the size of a large meatball. Place each ball between your palms, and push together to flatten.
Heat the oil over medium heat
Dust each patty generously with flour.  Cook the veggie burgers for a few minutes per side, or until both sides are thoroughly golden brown.
Server warm with sliced onion & romaine lettuce

Submitter: 
Chris Mosley
Description: 
Recipe sourced from http://theroamingkitchen.net/the-best-veggie-burger-ever/
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
60
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
