URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64576180/wiz-bang-bars-roasted-strawberry-coconut-soft-serve/
Title:
Wiz Bang Bar's Roasted Strawberry Coconut Soft Serve Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound strawberries
3/4 cup sugar
1/4 cup light corn syrup
1/3 cup water
1/8 tsp Xanthan Gum (a natural stablizer that's easy to find at specialty supermarkets)
1 cup Coconut Cream

Directions:
Remove the green tops from the strawberries and slice them into perfect slices. Toss the berries in sugar until they are completely coated and cook in a 350-degree oven until they are perfectly cooked, slightly caramelized, and overwhelmingly aromatic, about 10 minutes. Remove the strawberries from the oven and allow to cool to room temp. Once the berries are cooled, puree them really well with a blender. Pass the berries through a fine mesh strainer to get out most of the remaining pulp and seeds.
Stir together about one fourth of the sugar with all of the xanthan gum in a small bowl. Pour the water in a small saucepan, add the sugar mixture and immediately whisk vigorously until very smooth (don’t fret over a few lumps). Stir in the corn syrup. Set the pan over medium heat and cook, stirring often and adjusting the heat if necessary to prevent a simmer, until the sugar has fully dissolved, about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and immediately whisk in the strained berry puree and the coconut cream.
Transfer the soft serve base into an airtight container and refrigerate until well chilled, about four hours, or, for even better texture and flavor, 24 hours.
To churn, pour the soft serve base into a standard at-home ice cream maker and turn on the machine. Churn just until the mixture has the desired texture of soft serve, about 15 to 25 minutes depending on the machine. Use a spatula to scoop all of the ice cream into a piping bag and pipe the ice cream out into a cone!

Submitter: 
Leslie Kelly
Description: 
This flavor-packed recipe is from Wiz Bang Bar in Portland, Oregon, will convince you it's easier than you imagined to make soft serve ice cream.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
