URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64575856/big-rays-beer-bread/
Title:
Big Ray's Beer Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3608316.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cup flour, SIFTED!
3 tsp baking powder, (omit if using Self-Rising Flour)
1 tsp salt, (omit if using Self-Rising Flour)
1/4 cup sugar
12 oz can beer
1/4cup butter, melted

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
Mix dry ingredients and beer.
Pour into a greased loaf pan.
Drizzle melted butter over mixture.
Bake 1 hour, remove from pan and cool for at least 15 minutes.
UPDATED NOTES: This recipe makes a very hearty bread with a crunchy, buttery crust. If you prefer a softer crust (like a traditional bread) mix the butter into the batter instead of pouring it over the top.
Sifting flour for bread recipes is a must-do. Do NOT just scoop the 1 cup measure in the flour canister and level it off. That compacts the flour and will turn your bread into a "hard biscuit" . That's because they aren't sifting their flour! If you do not have a sifter, use a spoon to spoon the flour into the 1 cup measure.
I have made this recipe hundreds of times and I love to experiment with different beers. I have compiled this list of my top 8 personal favorite beers to use and some of the imparted qualities.
GUINESS - Great robust taste, if a bit bitter. Great with rosemary.
PABST- The butteriest beer bread ever. Consider omitting most of the sugar and adding garlic cloves
SAM ADAMS (BOSTON) - Complex taste, best if used with half whole-wheat flour and cranberries or figs.
HARVEST MOON PUMPKIN ALE - Great pumpkin flavor really comes through for a fall treat. cinnimon and nutmeg round it.
AROGENT BASTARD SMOKED PORTER - A smooth potent bread for use with savory soups and chowders. a winter favorite. Comes in a big bottle so use 12 oz.and drink the rest whilst it bakes.
TERRAPIN HOPSECUTIONER IPA - Hopps are good. Bread is good. Hoppsbread... GENIUS!
SAMUEL SMITH NUT BROWN - Again use some whole wheat, but this time use agave sweetener or honey instead of sugar and use some whole oats.
KILLIANS IRISH RED - The best beer I have ever used. Period. Go figure.

Submitter: 
bfr610
Description: 
A hearty beer bread to great with any meal, especially chili.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
80 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
