URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64571016/italian-lemon-pound-cake/
Title:
Italian Lemon Pound Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 cups flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup unsalted butter, softened
2 cups sugar
3 eggs
1/2 cup buttermilk
1/2 cup of sour cream
4 tablespoons lemon juice
Zest of 2 lemons ( about 2 tbsps.)
1 teaspoon of vanilla
Lemon Glaze
1/4 cup butter, softened
1 1/2 cup powdered sugar
3 tablespoon lemon juice, at room temperature
1. Cream the butter and slowly add powdered sugar and lemon juice. Beat well until the glaze is a creamy smooth
consistency

Directions:
Pre-heat oven to 300 degrees
1. Sift flour, baking powder, and salt and set aside. In another bowl, cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs, one at a time. Mix in the sour cream, lemon juice, vanilla, and lemon zest.
2. Mix half of the flour mixture into the butter mixture. Mix in the buttermilk and then add in the remaining flour mixture. Mix just until the flour disappears. Pour the cake batter into a bundt pan that has been generously sprayed with baking spray.
3. Bake for 60 to 70 minutes or until a knife inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean.  Remove the cake from the oven and allow to cool for 5 minutes. Turn the cake over on a cake platter. Spread half of the lemon glaze over the warm cake so that the glaze can soak into the cake. Let the cake cool completely and drizzle the remaining glaze over the cake.

Submitter: 
Gina Lee Lafreniere
Description: 
Italian Lemon Pound Cake. Out of all the recipes on my blog, this is the most popular one. I love to serve this cake at summer barbecues. It is so soft and moist, everybody will be asking be asking for the recipe!I  got this recipe from  a local television show a few years ago. You can serve this Italian Lemon Pound Cake at a baby or wedding shower. It would even be great to have while sitting on the back porch on a quiet summer evening.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 min
Ready in:
80 min
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
