URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64576312/big-rays-slow-cooker-rosemary-garlic-bread/
Title:
Big Ray's Slow-Cooker Rosemary Garlic Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3608335.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups warm water, 110-115F
2 1/4 tsp active dry yeast (or one packet of active yeast)
1 Tbsp white sugar
1 Tbsp salt
5 – 6 cups all-purpose flour, measured by scooping and sweeping
2 Tbsp extra-virgin olive oil
2 Tbsp chopped fresh rosemary, plus more for topping
1/4 tsp freshly ground black pepper
Whole cloves from three heads of roasted garlic (see preparation below)
Coarse sea salt, for sprinkling

Directions:
Blend water, yeast, sugar, salt, and water in a standing mixer. Let stand in a warm spot until bubbly about 10 minutes. Mix in the flour, one cup at a time, using the paddle attachment with your mixer (set it on low to prevent flour from spilling). Add in the olive oil, rosemary, black pepper, and garlic cloves and mix in. Switch to the dough hook and knead for 7-10 minutes, adding additional flour if necessary. Your dough is ready when it pulls away from the sides of the bowl.
Oil a large bowl and scrape the dough inside the bowl. Cover the bowl with a damp towel and let rise for one hour. Punch dough down and turn it onto a lightly floured surface. Cut the dough into two rounds. Score the top of one piece of dough with a very sharp knife. Place dough onto a large piece of parchment paper dusted with a bit of cornmeal and lift the parchment carrying the dough and place it inside the slow cooker, making sure the parchment goes up the sides of the slow cooker. Make sure the dough is in the center of the slow cooker so it has room for additional rising. You may freeze the extra dough ball or use it for a second batch.
Place several paper towels over the top of the slow cooker and then cover them with the lid. Turn the slow cooker to high. Check dough after one hour. Your bread will cook in 1 to 3 hours depending on your slow cooker and the size of your bread loaf. Check for doneness by gently pressing the top of the bread. If it’s firm and not soft or spongy, your bread should be done. You can use a thermometer to check for an internal temperature that should be 190-200 degrees Fahrenheit as well.
Remove bread by lifting it out of the slow cooker using the parchment paper. Brush the top of the bread with olive oil and sprinkle the top with additional coarse sea salt and rosemary. Broil bread in the oven for 5-7 minutes to create a browned crust. Let bread rest for 5 minutes before slicing.
But before we get started, it’s important to understand the difference between oven-baked bread and slow-cooker bread. First, don’t expect your slow-cooker bread to turn out exactly like the loaves you’ve made in the oven. It ain’t gonna happen. By design, the slow-cooker cooks food using low, moist heat (emphasis on moist) so items such as bread or other baked goods will steam as they cook. What results is a softer, chewy bread versus a crusty bread. You can, however, broil your finished loaves in the oven to create a crunchier crust. (The slow cooker does lightly brown the bread on the bottoms and sides.)
I recommend placing several layers of paper towels over the slow cooker insert before closing the lid. Over time, your slow cooker will drop bits of condensation back onto the dough, which can cause the top of your bread to become soft and wet. You may also u

Submitter: 
bfr610
Description: 
I know what you’re thinking: Bread in the slow cooker? No way. Believe it or not, making homemade bread in the slow cooker is possible. All you need is a little ingenuity, a few basic tips and tricks, and of course, flour, yeast and water.

But before we get started, it’s important to understand the difference between oven-baked bread and slow-cooker bread. First, don’t expect your slow-cooker bread to turn out exactly like the loaves you’ve made in the oven. It ain’t gonna happen. By design, the slow-cooker cooks food using low, moist heat (emphasis on moist) so items such as bread or other
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
250m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
