URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64575854/big-rays-cauliflower-and-potatoes-aloo-gobi/
Title:
Big Ray's Cauliflower and Potatoes: "Aloo Gobi" Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3608322.jpg
Ingredients:
2 Tbsp Ginger-Garlic Paste, recipe follows, or 2 teaspoons grated ginger
1 Tbsp ground coriander
1/4 tsp turmeric
1 cup water, divided
2 Tbsp peanut oil
1 large bell pepper, cut into strips
1 tsp red pepper flakes
1/8 cayenne  tsp
1 small head cauliflower, cut into small florets
1 russet potato, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch cubes (similar size to cauliflower)
1 kosher salt
2 tbsp freshly minced cilantro leaves, to garnish
1/2 cup garlic cloves, whole
1/2 cup fresh ginger, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch slices
1/4 cup canola oil

Directions:
Mix the Ginger-Garlic Paste, coriander, turmeric, and 1/2 cup water in a small bowl. This is a simple wet masala (spice mix). Set aside.
In a large pot, warm the oil over medium-high heat until shimmering but not smoking. Add the serrano pepper, wait 30 seconds, and then add the cumin seeds and wait until they're done spluttering.
Add the wet masala (careful, it will also splutter). Cook until the paste thickens, deepens in color slightly, and oil oozes out of the perimeter of the masala, about 2 minutes.
Add the cauliflower and potatoes, stirring to coat the vegetables with the masala. Season with salt and add 1/2 cup water. Cover and cook over medium heat 10 to 15 minutes. Then, remove the lid, stir, and cook until the cauliflower and potatoes are cooked through, about 5 minutes. Garnish with cilantro and serve.
Ginger-Garlic Paste: Throw the garlic, ginger, and canola oil in a mini-food processor and let it go until it forms a semi-smooth paste. There will still be tiny little pieces in there, but overall, it should resemble a paste.
Ginger-Garlic Paste: Save what you don't use in a small glass jar. It should last in the fridge for 2 to 3 weeks. It's a delicious addition to marinades, pasta sauces, stir

Submitter: 
bfr610
Description: 
We love trying new types of recipes and love Indian food. So I found this recipe and decided to give it a try. It is very easy to follow and doesn't take long to make. we really enjoyed this and it will become a staple in our house. You have to give it a try!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
