URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64571176/delicious-scones---with-variations-for-all-tastes/
Title:
Delicious Scones - with variations for all tastes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3636346.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups flour
1 tbsp baking powder
1/4 tsp salt
2 - 3 tbsp white sugar
1/3 cup cold butter, cut into small pieces
3/4 cup milk
1 tsp vanilla

Directions:
Preheat over to 400 degrees F.
Mix together flour, baking powder, salt and sugar.
Add butter and cut into dry ingredients using a pastry blender or a fork, until butter is the size of peas.
Stir the vanilla into the milk, then stir gradually to the dry ingredients until it comes together in a ball (you may not need all the milk).
Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface and gently flatten into a rectangle about 2" thick.  Fold the right third into the middle followed by the left third (this makes light flaky layers).
With lightly floured hands, gently flatten into a circle about 1-1/2" thick.
Cut into 8 wedges and place on a parchment lined baking pan.
If desired, brush the tops with milk and lightly sprinkle with sugar.
Bake 12 - 15 minutes until risen and golden brown.
Cool on a rack.
Lemon Raisin Scones: Add 1/2 cup raisins and zest from 1/2 a lemon to dry ingredients before adding liquid.
Orange Cranberry Scones: Add 1/2 cup dried cranberries and zest from an orange to dry ingredients before adding liquid.  Brush tops with orange juice and lightly sprinkle with sugar before baking.
Cheddar Scones: Reduce the sugar to 1 tbsp, omit vanilla and add 1/2 cup aged cheddar cheese to dry ingredients before adding liquid.  Sprinkle tops with cheese before baking if desired.
Lemon Blueberry Scones:  Add 1/2 cup blueberries and zest of a lemon into dry ingredients before adding liquid.  Brush tops with lemon juice and sprinkle with sugar before baking.

Submitter: 
Debbie Wind Bailey
Description: 
A fantastic, easy to make scone.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
