URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64577432/gluten-free-peanut-butter-oatmeal-chocolate-chip-cookies/
Title:
Gluten Free Peanut Butter Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 	eggs, room temperature
1 Tsp	Vanilla
½ Cup	Dark Brown sugar, packed
1 Tbs	Honey
1 Cup	Organic peanut butter, crunchy (just peanuts and salt)
2 1/4  Cups	Oatmeal flakes
½ Cup	Chocolate chips (Guittard brand, no added ingredients)
½ Cup	Cranraisins
½ Cup	Walnut pieces
1 ¼ Tsp	Baking soda
½ Tsp	Sea salt
Canola oil spray

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350º - 375º. Prepare cookie sheet(s) with a light spray of Canola oil spray.
In a small mixing bowl, beat together the eggs, vanilla, sugar and honey until fluffy and golden brown. Add the peanut butter and beat until very fluffy.
In a separate, larger bowl mix all dry ingredients. Add the wet ingredients to the dry and stir with a spoon spatula to combine well, until the dry ingredients are well coated. Add more oatmeal if the mixture looks too wet.
Using an ice cream scoop and a large soup spoon, drop onto cookie sheet about half to 1 inch apart. The cookies shouldn’t spread out. I got three rows of five (15 cookies) on one sheet with more batter left for another batch of 9-10 cookies. While the first batch is cooking, drop the remaining batch onto a smaller cookie sheet to pop in the oven when the first batch comes out.
Bake for 12 – 16 minutes or until golden and slightly brown along the edges. Let cool on cookie sheet about 5 minutes before removing. Temperature and timing may vary depending on your oven.
Makes 24 cookies.

Submitter: 
jeridenn
Description: 
Crisp and chewy, these cookies are flourless, made from ingredients that have no added flavor enhancers such as maltodextrin, dextrose, and ingredients that are genetically engineered. The Canola Oil Spray (from Trader Joe's) does have soy lecithin in it. I get the chocolate chips from Sprouts, but I imagine you can purchase them at a health food or organic food store. 

The peanut butter is just peanuts and salt (no sugar added). The chocolate chips are Guittard brand - no added ingredients.  I did not use organic eggs, vanilla, honey or oatmeal, but you could if you prefer. Add a bit more 
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
