URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64570267/bacon-wrapped-spinach-stuffed-chicken/
Title:
Bacon Wrapped Spinach-Stuffed Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3530514.jpg
Ingredients:
3/4 tbs butter
3/4 tbs flour
1/2 c whole milk
1 small clove garlic, pressed
2 tbs Romano cheese
Salt and pepper to taste
2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts
6 oz. spinach
6 strips thick-cut bacon
Splash of olive oil
Salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375°
To make the sauce, use a small sauce pot, turn heat to low and melt butter, add garlic, then stir in flour to make the roux. Once thickened to a consistency somewhere between gravy and paste, turn heat to medium and stir in liquid and any “add-ons,” then the cheese. Stir until completely mixed, bring to a simmer (gets a little bubbly just before boiling) until sauce thickens to the consistency of an alfredo sauce.
In a large stainless steel sauté pan (or other oven-safe pan), turn heat to medium and add a splash of oil. Once pan is hot, sauté spinach until wilted, then transfer to a strainer to drain any juices so your sauce doesn’t get runny. Add your sauce into your spinach (not the other way around as it might be too saucy). The mix should be thick. If there is too much sauce, it will spill out of the chicken.
Clean chicken, then cover with plastic wrap and pound with a meat mallet to about half the original thickness. Distribute spinach mix into the center and fold chicken in half width-wise. Wrap each with 3 pieces of bacon and secure with a few toothpicks.
Wipe out the same pan you made your spinach in and turn heat to medium-high. Sear the bacon-wrapped chicken for about 3 minutes each side, then put in the oven for 20-25 minutes until fully cooked.

Submitter: 
Kate DeBiase
Description: 
This is one of my FAVORITE ways to make chicken...especially because it includes bacon. So delicious!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
