URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64571476/prosciutto-wrapped-shrimp-with-garlicky-lemon-asparagus/
Title:
Prosciutto-Wrapped Shrimp with Garlicky Lemon Asparagus Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
12-16 Fresh or frozen uncooked shrimp (21-25 count per pound is preferable. Thaw if using frozen.)
Squeeze of lemon juice
3-4 thin slices prosciutto, cut once lengthwise and once widthwise to make a total of 12-16 pieces, then fold each piece lengthwise to make it double-thick
½ lb asparagus
1 clove garlic, pressed
1 tbs olive oil
Pinch of salt
1 tsp lemon zest
1 tbs butter
1 tbs flour
½ c of white cooking wine
½ c warm water
¼ fresh squeezed lemon
1 tsp chicken base
1 clove garlic, pressed
1 tbs Romano cheese
Salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375°
Spray one 9” square baking dish and one 12” oblong baking dish with non-stick cooking spray.
Next, make your sauce. In a small sauce pot, turn heat to low and melt butter, add garlic, then stir in flour. Once thickened to a consistency somewhere between gravy and paste, turn heat to medium and stir in liquid, then the cheese. Stir until completely mixed, bring to a simmer (gets a little bubbly just before boiling) until sauce thickens slightly to a soupy consistency.
Prep your asparagus by cutting off the tough, woody ends and place in 9” square pan. Add olive oil, garlic and salt and mix around to coat. Bake for 15-20 minutes depending on thickness of the stalks.
Peel shrimp, rinse and pat dry. Squeeze lemon juice over shrimp and wrap prosciutto around the middle of each.  Pour sauce into the 12” baking dish, then place shrimp in the sauce and bake for 10-12 minutes.
Plate the asparagus, then top with lemon zest. Serve the shrimp with some sauce poured over the top.

Submitter: 
Kate DeBiase
Description: 
The saltiness of the prosciutto and freshness of lemon pair well with shrimp. If you’re feeling fancy, make a few less shrimp and serve as a side with a nice steak!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
