URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64584388/poached-chicken-in-a-pressure-cooker/
Title:
Poached Chicken in a Pressure Cooker Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 pounds of skinless/boneless chicken (I use a mix of thigh and breast meat)
4.8 ounces carrot, in 1/2" rounds
1.8 ounces onion, diced into 1" pieces
4 ounces celery, in 1/2" pieces
4 cups water (or more if needed)
1/4 cup white wine
1 tsp salt
1 tsp multicoloured whole peppercorns

Directions:
Put the chicken in the pressure cooker. Add the vegetables, salt, and peppercorns on top. Add the wine.
Add the water, cup by cup, so the water is covering the chicken by at least 1/2 inch and no more than 1 inch. You may not need all the water or you may need more. This will depend on your pressure cooker dimensions.
Secure the lid and heat over medium-high heat until the first whistle sounds. Put 10 minutes on a timer and wait.
At the 10 minute bell, turn off the heat and allow the pressure to release according to manufacturer instructions.
This recipe relies on the natural release of the pressure, which means keeping the lid on for at least 6 more minutes. *With the initial rise in pressure, actual cooking time after the first whistle, and the natural release method; the contents will be in the pot for about 20 minutes total.
After the valve has depressurised, check that the chicken has an internal temperature of 165°F or 75°C. At this point, the chicken is ready.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Prepare chicken for a light meal or to be used in any recipe asking for cooked or canned chicken. The broth and/or veggies leftover can also be served as a light addition to your meal or the broth in any recipe asking for chicken broth. If needed, shred or cut before refrigerating or freezing. This recipe is for a stove-top, 7-quart, pressure cooker.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
