URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64585675/italian-soffritto-for-the-freezer/
Title:
Italian Soffritto for the Freezer Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3994015.jpg
Ingredients:
150g celery, washed and dried
180g carrots, peeled
160g onion, peeled

Directions:
Chop the celery into 1" pieces. Put them into a small food processor. Pulse about 7-10 times to chop them into very small pieces. You do not want to mince or puree them. This would result in the loss of liquid, which you don't want. The outcome should resemble a shred more than a dice.
Add the celery to a large mixing bowl.
Slice the carrot into 1" rounds. Add them to the, now empty, processor. Pulse between 10 and 12 times or until they have the same size cut as the celery. Add the carrot to the mixing bowl when finished.
Cut the onion into 1" wedges. Add to the processor and pulse about 7 times or until you get a cut the same size as the carrot and celery. Add the onion to the mixing bowl.
Mix all the ingredients well until the ingredients are evenly combined.
Add the soffritto to silicone or plastic ice trays or molds then cover with plastic wrap and freeze overnight.
The next morning, remove the cubes and put them into a zip top bag to make retrieval easy.
Notes:
Processing the vegetables separately is important to ensure a uniform cut as each vegetable has its own weight and resistance to the blade.
If you do not own a mini food processor, you can use the large teeth on a cheese grater and do it by hand even though this leads to losing some liquid. Dicing the vegetables with a knife will render a different flavor than if grated or chopped by a food processor, which is a key to soffritto.
To change up the flavor a bit, try using fresh green onions or red onions. Also, using white or green celery will change the flavor.
This yields approximately 2 and 3/4 cups of soffritto or 45 tbsp.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
The foundation of Italian cooking: Italian soffritto. It is simply three fresh ingredients. The ratios of ingredients vary from person to person, some heavier on the onion. But one thing is for sure: it is only these three ingredients that make soffritto. I like to make up large batches and freeze individual portions in silicone ice cube trays or molds to save time when cooking later. The way the vegetables are cut affect flavor.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
45
Nutritional Facts:
NA
