URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64582639/gluten-free-italian-piadina/
Title:
Gluten Free Italian Piadina Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3669091.jpg
Ingredients:
½ cup salted butter, at room temperature
½ cup whole milk
¼ cup unflavored Greek yogurt
1 egg white
2 ¼ cup gluten free all-purpose flour, more for dusting
1 tsp baking powder

Directions:
In a mixer, blend together the butter, milk, yogurt and egg white.
Add the flour and baking powder and blend until a dough forms. If the dough is too wet to handle, add a Tbsp of flour more until the dough has become manageable but still a bit damp. It is important that the dough is not dry; always a bit sticky.
Place the dough on a lightly floured surface. Separate into 7 equal balls. (They should each weigh about 3.25 ounces.)
Heat a non-stick crepe pan or skillet over medium-high heat.
On a piece of parchment paper, add a bit of flour and place one of the balls in the center. Dust lightly with flour and cover with another piece of parchment paper. It is important to keep the dough floured well while handling or it will stick to all surfaces but not to over-flour the dough.
Flatten the dough into an 8-inch with a rolling pin or even by hand. If using a tortilla press, do not press down too much as you would with a tortilla. Piadine should be thick, a little less than a ¼ of an inch. Lightly poke the piadina a few times with a fork.
Cook the piadina immediately on the crepe pan. Flip the piadina only when the edges have browned and firmed enough to be handled, otherwise they will break. When the piadina is lightly browned on one side, flip it over and cook until lightly browned on the other side. About 1 minute per side.
Continue with the remaining dough.
Serve warm with your favorite fillings.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Italian sandwich wraps made with butter instead of lard. This gluten free version also adds some other, non-traditional ingredients to help them stay pliable but soft and delicious. Typically served hot with deli meats and soft cheeses as well as rucola, these can be served as a bread replacement or even with Mexican food to substitute flour tortillas.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
7
Nutritional Facts:
NA
