URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64589279/hearty-italian-meatloaf-topped-with-bacon/
Title:
Hearty Italian Meatloaf topped with Bacon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3764592.jpg
Ingredients:
2 pounds beef
1 pound ground pork
2 large eggs
1/2 cup almond meal
3 teaspoons Italian seasonings
Olive oil
2 carrots, diced
1 yellow onion, diced
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 cup mushrooms, chopped
1 red bell pepper, thinly sliced
1 1/2 teaspoon sea salt
3/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
8 slices smoked bacon

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
In a large bowl add the beef, pork, eggs, almond meal and Italian seasonings. Combine together then set aside. (go ahead and use your hands)
In your one-pot pan add about 1 tablespoon of oil over medium heat.  Add in carrots and onions to cook for 2 minutes stirring around with a wooden spoon.
Add in garlic, mushrooms, peppers and 1 teaspoon sea salt and 1/4 teaspoon of pepper.  Cook for 5 minutes then remove heat.
Add vegetables into the meat mixture and combine together.  Brush the pan lightly with oil.  Add meat mixture to the pan and form to fit evenly.  Top the beef with bacon slices and bake for 1 hour and 20 minutes.  Let cool then slice and enjoy!
To make a quick gravy!  Add 1 tablespoon of unsalted butter in a small sauce pan and once it's hot and melted add in 1 teaspoon of arrowroot to the pan. Stir around using a wooden spoon.  Pour in about 1 1/2 cup of beef broth and bring to a boil.  Add in 1 teaspoon of Italian seasoning and a little salt and pepper.  Taste for any additional seasonings and pour over your meatloaf slices!

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
Don't you love One-Pot Meals?  I do and this is a perfect Everyday to Gourmet recipe! This is really a combination of a meatloaf and a meatball.

Well my husband was traveling and I invited my girlfriend Lisa over for dinner and I made her a meatloaf.  Well not an ordinary meatloaf but a beautiful Italian Meatloaf and I topped it with smoky thick cut bacon and I made a beef gravy which was perfect.

I made this in my braising pan which looked absolutely beautiful.

Everything can be made in one pot!  Enjoy
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1.5 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
