URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64589072/cauliflower-risotto-with-porcini-mushrooms-and-peas/
Title:
Cauliflower "Risotto" with Porcini Mushrooms and Peas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3761461.jpg
Ingredients:
1 large head cauliflower (if small then use 2)
1 and 1/4 cup dried porcini mushrooms
3 cups low sodium chicken broth--maybe more
3 tablespoons unsalted butter
1 shallot (minced)
2 teaspoons sea salt
1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
1 and 1/2 cups frozen petite peas (thawed)
1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar
1 teaspoon fresh thyme (chopped)

Directions:
Set your food processor with the shredding disk.  Chop the cauliflower and put through processor to create a rice texture and shape.  You can also use a box grater to create the same rice shapes.
In a large bowl or pot, add in 2 cups of boiling water.  Add in mushrooms and let sit for 20 minutes.  Remove from the bowl by using a slotted spoon and pat dry, then chop mushrooms on cutting board **Reserve the liquid!!*
In a medium saucepan add the broth and keep warm on the stove.!
In a dutch oven or even a large pot, add in butter to melt over medium heat.  Add in shallot and let cook for 2 minutes.  Add in the cauliflower rice, salt, pepper and let cook--stirring gently occasionally, for about 5 minutes.
Add 1 cup of broth and let absorb in to the cauliflower rice over a medium simmer.  Continue adding broth 1 cup at a time until absorbed.  About 15 minutes.
Add in peas, balsamic vinegar and fresh thyme.  Stir for another 5 minutes.
Serve and enjoy

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
Risotto is a Northern Italian rice dish that is cooked for a long time stirring often.  A traditional risotto is cooked with a warm broth added slowly to create a creamy consistency.  As a paleo dish, it takes less time to prepare and the cauliflower gives it a perfect risotto feel.

I remember my Nana would make a cup of coffee and grab her stool and sit at a stove for an hour while preparing risotto!

 **Cindy's Tip!--Take the liquid from the porcini mushrooms and strain to use in soups.  You can also add a little to your risotto to gain a richer flavor!**

You can also find this recip
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 mins
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
