URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64584095/beef-rendang/
Title:
Beef Rendang Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3688018.jpg
Ingredients:
4 Garlic cloves
2 Onions or 5-6 Shallots, sliced
1 inch piece fresh Galangal, peeled then sliced (use double the amount of ginger if you don't have this)
1 teaspoon ground Coriander
1/2 teaspoon Cumin
1/2 teaspoon Red chili flakes
2 Tablespoons Oil
2 lb boneless stewing Beef (like chuck), cut into 2-inch pieces
2 Lemon Grass stalks, lower white part, bruised then smashed
1 inch piece fresh Ginger, peeled then sliced
1 14 oz can Coconut Milk
2 Kaffir Lime leaves or Bay leaves
1 1/2 Tablespoon Brown Sugar (or organic sugar)
Salt, to taste
2 teaspoon Fish Sauce

Directions:
In a food processor, grind the garlic, onions or shallots, galangal (or extra ginger), coriander, cumin, red Chili flakes and to a smooth paste. Set aside.
In a Dutch oven or heavy bottomed pot, heat the oil to medium high. Fry the beef until brown on all sides. You may have to do this in batches. Set aside.
In the remaining oil, saute the lemon grass and the sliced ginger until aromatic, about 1 minute. Lower the heat and add the spice paste and cook for about 2-3 minutes stirring it occasionally.
Add the beef back and coat with the paste. Pour in the coconut milk and add the brown sugar and Kaffir Lime or Bay leaves. Stir everything and let the liquid boil. Cover the pot loosely to allow some steam to escape. Let the stew simmer (low to medium heat) until the beef is tender about 1 1/2 - 2 hours. Stir occasionally to ensure that the beef doesn't stick to the pot and the coconut milk doesn't scorch.
When the meat is tender and most of the liquid has evaporated, uncover. Season with either salt or fish sauce, to taste. Turn up the heat a little and stir frequently so the beef doesn't stick to the pan and burn. You may notice some oil forming and being released at this point, too. You want the mixture to dry up but avoid burning the meat. It's like stir-frying the beef in its own oil which ensures more flavor. It's done when the beef  has turned into a dark caramel color, and the sauce coats the meat.
While it's wonderful eaten the day it's cooked, the flavor deepens and intensifies when kept overnight. So if you could wait, that would be awesome! I recommend making this a day ahead.
Serve with freshly boiled rice and some steamed green veggies!

Submitter: 
Lori Rowley-Sipple
Description: 
Lovely taste profile....it will fill your house with the most amazing smell. This is much like my Bo Kho stew.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
