URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64581583/creamy-carrot-and-broccoli-soup/
Title:
Creamy Carrot and Broccoli Soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3654566.jpg
Ingredients:
Twelve Medium-Sized Carrots
32 oz. (one box) Chicken Broth
A small bunch of broccoli
Two Small Potatoes, diced
½ Cup Heavy Cream
Two Leeks, chopped
1 tsp Fresh Rosemary
1 Tbsp Fresh Tarragon
One Seasoned Roll, diced
4 Tbsp Butter
1 Tbsp Olive Oil
One Pot of Water

Directions:
Pour some chicken broth in a large pot.
Chop the ends off the carrots, peel them, and slice eleven of them into pieces. Put the pieces from ten carrots into the pot with the broth and get the broth boiling. Put the pieces from the other carrot in the steamer
Chop the broccoli into florets – put most of the florets in the pot with the carrot pieces, and put the remaining florets in the steamer.
Place the steamer in a small pot (with a bit of water in it), cover the pot, and leave it over heat until the broccoli is bright green.
Cut the last carrot into slivers and set them aside.
Rinse the potatoes, peel them, dice them, and then add them to the big pot.
Rinse the leeks, and chop them both in half. Chop up one-and-a-half (that is, three halves) leeks and sauté them in 1 Tbsp olive oil and 1 Tbsp butter for ten minutes, chopping and adding the rosemary and tarragon while the leeks are cooking. Cut the remaining half into slivers and set them aside with the carrot slivers.
Once the leeks and herbs are done, add them to the large pot and turn the heat off.
Pour the contents of the large pot into a food processor and purée until the mixture is uniform. Pour the mixture into a sieve over the pot (or a mixing bowl if the food processor is too small to purée the entire pot at once) and whip it to allow a smooth mixture to drain.
Once the entire pot has been puréed to a smooth mixture; turn the heat back on, add heavy cream, and mix until the mixture is consistent.
Once the soup starts to bubble, turn the heat off.
Add another tablespoon of butter to the frying pan, and cook the pieces of the seasoned roll until they are golden-brown.
Set them aside, add two more tablespoons to the pan, and fry the leek and carrot slivers until they are golden-brown.
Pour some soup into the serving bowl; and add steamed carrot and broccoli pieces, croutons, and fried slivers. Serve immediately!

Submitter: 
Chef AidF
Description: 
A very savory and hearty soup filled with flavors. Be prepared to have several burners running!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
40 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
