URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64586320/mellow-honey-lime-aide-with-basil-mint/
Title:
Mellow Honey Lime Aide with Basil & Mint Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3721338.jpg
Ingredients:
2 quarts of water
1 bag of limes/ 8-9 limes
1 cup sugar
1/2 cup honey
5 Large basil leaves
12 mint leaves
First I must tell you I have a ninja so I pulverize everything! Lol so everything will be optional

Directions:
In a blender or ninja, place 2-3 peeled limes, 2 basil leaves, 5 mint leaves, add sugar & honey in approx. 1-2 cups of water. Blend well. Take the rest of your leaves and bruise well/ smashes with a spoon to loosen the juices in the leaves & throw in a contained you plan to keep your juice in. Thinly slice 1-2 limes and quarter the rest n squeeze well. You should get at least 1/2 cup of lime juice or more. You can blend all your juices or just combined everything into the container and stir or shake well. TA DA now you have a nice mellow lime juice due to the basil n mint leaves. You can also add some cucumber if you want it more mellow or just some cucumber slices. Bonapatite! Pour your refreshing drink over ice. You can substitute sugar w stevia or other sweetner. If you do not like pulp, you can choose to just squeeze all your limes and just bruise all your leaves, looks nice as a garnish too.  I am not really sure how much it makes as it depends on your glass size, but it does make 2 quarts or more.
***If you do not like pulp or want a quicker way: You can buy lime juice at your grocery store, or put your limes (peeled) in a blender and then take a fine mesh strainer and pour in your blended mix in a strainer over a bowl in order to catch the juice, but press the pulp well against the strainer so you can get out all the juices. I have also used a cheese grater to rub the juice out of my limes too, I have not tried an orange juicer, as the middle prong may be too big. ***HINT: when adding your sugars and honey, it dissolves better when put in some of the juice and water and mixed in your blender, as honey tends to get hard and clumpy and sugar can end up on the bottom of your container.
***If you find that this is too tart, you can add more water, basil and mint leaves, along with more honey, or cucumbers, these are the tart tamers!
I find that if I do use 9 limes, I can make close to a gallon of lime aide.
LIMES: If you are doing the limes by hand, and you peel them, you will find that rolling the peels between your fingers, that have a little lime stuck to them, will release quite a bit of lime juice, you may not want to waste a drop as a little bit of lime juice does go a long way.
EXTRA TID BIT: I make a little extra condensed lime juice mix before adding the extra water, I put it in a glass jar in the refrigerator, and I can simply throw it into a container, add water and some fresh basil, mint and honey-sugar water, and I quickly have another batch, but i wouldn't leave it in your fridge for more than a week, but you can freeze it for a later date in a plastic container or a good zip lock!  I was given 4 bags of limes and I simply had to do something, LOL! Have fun!

Submitter: 
Joyce Jade McGeehan
Description: 
A refreshing Lime Aide that is mellowed with adding Basil, and even more refreshing with the hint of Mint!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15-25
Ready in:
5
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
