URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64585052/beef-bulalo/
Title:
Beef Bulalo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3700343.jpg
Ingredients:
3 lbs. bone-in beef shanks
8 to 10 cups water or enough to cover meat
2 medium sized onions, peeled and quartered
6 cloves garlic, crushed/peeled and sliced
2 bay leaves
1 tbsp. whole black peppercorns
1 ginger, thumb size, peeled and sliced
2 beef bouillon cubes
2 tbsp. patis (fish sauce)
4 young sweet corn  (white and/or yellow for color contrast), husked and cut in 1.5 inches
2 medium potatoes or sweet potatoes, peeled and quartered
3-4 saba bananas (plantains/cooking bananas), peeled, cut crosswise in half (diagonally)
2 pcs. finger chilis (optional)
1/2 medium size cabbage, trimmed, cut into wedges
2-3 bunches of bok choy or pechay, trimmed, cut and washed thoroughly, leaves separated
1/2 cup green onions, chopped
1/2 cup leeks, sliced thinly diagonally
Salt or patis/fish sauce and freshly cracked/ground black pepper, to taste
Sugar, to taste (optional)

Directions:
1.  Rinse the beef well before cooking it.
2.  Boil a large pot of water. Add the marrow bones and beef shank and return to a boil for approx. 10 minutes, then remove the meat and bones and scrub under cold water to remove any scum. Dump the water in the pot out and rinse the entire pot thoroughly. This process rids the meat of excess blood and will ensure your soup is nice and clear.
3.  Return rinsed meat and bones to the pot and fill it with water and cover with lid.  Bring to a boil, skimming scum that accumulates on top.  When the broth has cleared, add onions, garlic, bay leaves, peppercorns, ginger, beef bouillon cubes and patis.
4.  Reduce the heat to low and cook at a bare simmer until the meat on the shank is tender-about 2-3 hours.  Add more water if necessary if it has to be cooked longer.
5.  Transfer the meat and bones to a bowl, then strain the stock through a fine mesh sieve, discard the solids then return the meat and bones to the strained stock.  You may skip this process if it's too tedious and use a fat separator instead to discard any excess grease from the broth or simply remove impurities.
6.  Add the corn for another 10 minutes or until tender.
7.  After 10 minutes, you can go ahead and add the potatoes or sweet potatoes, saba bananas, finger chilis and let it cook for 10 minutes.
8.  Add the cabbage. Cook until cabbage is tender-crisp, about 2 minutes
9.  At this point, season according to your taste preference.  Salt/fish sauce/freshly cracked or ground pepper and/or sugar may be added.  Then turn off the heat.
10. Add the bok choy/pechay, green onions and leeks.  Cover with lid and let stand for 5 minutes.
11. Transfer the soup to a serving bowl.  (You may opt to top the dish with some fried chopped garlic).
12. Serve with steamed rice and a dipping sauce made from a combination of fish sauce,  calamansi and chopped siling labuyo (bird’s eye chillis), if desired.

Submitter: 
Sheila Baker Shedd
Description: 
There are several variations when it comes to Beef Bulalo, but here's my favorite version, which is a cross between Bulalo and Cebu's pochero.  It's basically beef bones/marrow soup with saging na saba (plaintain/cooking banana) and corn, which render a natural sweetness to the dish.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
5 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
