URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64582050/addictive-spicy-dill-avocado-pickles/
Title:
Addictive Spicy Dill Avocado Pickles Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3660683.jpg
Ingredients:
2 underripe avocados, firm but not hard
1 and 1/4 cup distilled white vinegar
1 cup filtered water
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1 tsp rock salt
1/2 tsp whole black peppercorns
1 tsp brown mustard seeds
1 tsp dill
1/2 tsp habanero pepper flakes (or powder)
2 fresh whole habanero peppers, washed
1 garlic clove, lightly smashed
2 canning jars (with lids), 500ml each

Directions:
Heat the vinegar and water in a saucepan. Add the sugar and salt, mixing well. Add the peppercorns, mustard seeds, dill, and habanero powder. Bring to a boil and stir until the sugar and salt have melted completely. Turn off the heat and allow the mixture to cool to room temperature.
Meanwhile, peel the avocados and slice them, lengthwise, into eighths.
Cut the garlic clove in half and add one half to each jar. Add one habanero pepper to each jar. (For more kick, pierce each habanero pepper with a fork a few times.)
Add one avocado to each jar. Before adding the liquid to the jars, stir the vinegar mixture well to ensure that each jar gets equal amounts of seasonings. Pour the liquid into each jar. Close the lids and keep in the refrigerator. For optimal results, allow to rest 24 hours in the fridge before eating. These will last about 5 days in the refrigerator. The brine can be re-used by simply adding more avocados and allowing them to rest for 24 hours before consuming.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Adapted from the blog The Kitchn, underripe avocados are lightly pickled in brine that is tangy and slightly sweet. These are great to serve with your favorite burger, hot dog, or Tex-Mex dish. They make a snazzy addition to salads too! These are so addictive, I buy more underripe avocados than I do ripe ones now. I re-use the brine over and over.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
28 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
