URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64589069/braised-short-rib-bolognese/
Title:
Braised Short Rib Bolognese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil
3-4 pounds short ribs, bone-in
1 1/2 teaspoon sea salt
1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
1 yellow onion, finely chopped
2 medium carrots, finely chopped
3 cloves garlic, minced or chopped
2 bay leaves
2 teaspoons dried parsley
2 teaspoons dried thyme
2 teaspoons dried basil
1 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes
16 ounces diced tomatoes
1 cup chicken or beef broth/stock
1/2 cup dry white wine

Directions:
In a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat add in oil.
Season both sides generously of short ribs with salt and pepper.
Add short ribs to the hot pan and cook each side for 4 minutes (only turn once).  You want each side to have a nice crust.
Add in onion, carrots, garlic and bay leaves to the pot.  Stir them around with a wooden spoon.  Let cook for about 5 minutes.
Reduce temperature to medium and set your oven to 250 degrees F.
Stir in remaining ingredients and bring to a boil.  Reduce to a simmer and cover until oven has preheated.
Keep the pan covered and place in oven for 6 hours.
Remove from oven and using a large spoon remove the top layer of fat.
Remove each short rib and let cool until able to handle.
On a large wooden board place a short rib down and use 2 forks to shred the meat.  Place pack into the pot.  Continue with remaining short ribs.
Uncovered simmer until the sauce thickens.
Enjoy with your favorite pasta or spaghetti squash.
Tip: To help the sauce thicken add in a  small can of tomato paste or a thickening agent such as (cornstarch, arrowroot powder, etc)
How to prepare a spaghetti squash!
Spaghetti squash is a great healthy alternative to pasta!  It is very easy to prepare and served with this dish will be a perfect dinner!
Preheat oven to 375 degrees and slice squash in half the long way – Remove the seeds with a spoon.  Place open side down on a parchment paper lined baking sheet and roast for about 35 minutes.  Until a fork goes into the skin easily.
Same as above but if you are not comfortable slicing in half make about 12-15 holes by using a metal skewer and roast for 45 minutes.  Let cool then sliced.
Slice in half and remove seeds with a spoon.  Place in a glass baking dish and fill with about 1 1/4 inch of water and microwave for 12 minutes.
After you cook the squash using any method take a fork and rub the inside of each half to create spaghetti.  Season with salt and pepper and enjoy as pasta!

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
We love short ribs and making this Bolognese was amazing.  It was hearty and real paleo comfort food.  All of the groceries are from Shop Rite in E. Hartford/Manchester, CT and it we froze the leftover to enjoy another evening.  You really need to give this recipe a try and enjoy over pasta, spaghetti squash or roasted butternut squash.

Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
6.5 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
