URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64588115/two-easy-rotisserie-chickens/
Title:
Two Easy Rotisserie Chickens Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 6lb whole chickens, giblets and neck removed, trussed
2 TBS aprika
3 tsp salt
3 tsp onion powder
3 tsp garlic powder
1 tsp marjoram
1 tsp Ground sage
1 tsp black pepper
1/4 tsp nutmeg
1/2 cup coconut oil
2 TBS sherry
2 TBS lime juice

Directions:
In a small bowl mix all dry ingredients. Sprinkle insides of chickens with mixture.
Place chickens on rotisserie spit and secure tight.
Generously spread rub on outside of chickens and under skin.
Place chickens on grill (make sure to use a drip pan), light rotisserie and close lid.
Check chickens after 30 minutes. Due to the chickens shrinking during cooking they may loosen from the skewers.
At this time, use heavy heat proof gloves and  a needle nose plier to loosen and readjust the skewers. Secure chickens tightly.
Close lid for another 30 minutes.
While the chickens are cooking mix together the coconut oil, sherry and lime juice.
At the hour mark, baste the chickens with the coconut oil mixture; and again at 90 minutes.
At the 2 hour mark, baste again and roast for another 15 minutes. Check chickens at the thigh and breast with the temperature hitting 160 degrees.
Remove spit from grill with chickens and place on a cutting board; snip truss twine and remove.  Let rest for 15 Minutes.
Using heavy heat proof gloves and needle nose pliers remove chickens from the spit and skewers.
Slice and enjoy.

Submitter: 
FrackFamily5 CA—>CT
Description: 
For this recipe you'll need a rotisserie for a gas grill. This is super easy and makes a juicy and delicious chicken.  You can add any variety of herbs as well as items to stuff the cavity. You are going to want to truss your chicken to make sure your legs and wings are tucked in. (Google it- it's way easier than you think).  The basting mixture is a WIN.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m.
Ready in:
2 h 45 m.
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
