URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64584442/pasta-or-gnocchi-alla-sorrentina/
Title:
Pasta or Gnocchi alla Sorrentina Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
240 grams (8.5 ounces) short pasta or gnocchi
200 grams (7 ounces) fresh mozzarella balls
400 grams (14 ounces) fresh San Marzano tomatoes, cut in half
1/4 cup dry white wine
1 small onion, chopped
1 garlic clove
1/4 cup fresh basil leaves, washed
4 sprigs of fresh basil leaves for garnishing
4 Tbsp fine-grated Parmigiano Reggiano or Pecorino

Directions:
Preheat oven to 200°C.
Cook the pasta or gnocchi in lightly salted water as per the directions.
While the pasta or gnocchi cooks, in a sauté pan, sauté the onion over medium heat until translucent. Score the tomatoes.
Add the garlic and tomatoes. Stir well then add the white wine.
Cook until the tomatoes are tender. Using a spoon, gently crush them to help release the juice and pulp.
Add the basil and gently crush the tomatoes to create a sauce. Remove and discard the skins as they loosen from the pulp. Cook on low heat for another minute.
Add the drained gnocchi or al dente pasta to the sauce and mix until covered with the sauce.
Remove the sauté pan from the heat and add the mozzarella folding everything together until all the cheese has been coated by the sauce being careful not to "cook" the mozzarella just toss it with the other ingredients to make sure they are all covered with sauce.
Pour everything into an oven-safe dish that has been lightly oiled. Top with grated cheese and bake for about 10 minutes or until the cheese has melted.
Garnish with fresh basil leaves.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
A classic Italian primo from the Campania Region of Italy. Fresh tomatoes are sautéed with onion, garlic, and basil then tossed with fresh mozzarella, basil and your favorite short pasta or gnocchi. In the summer, we skip the oven part of this recipe and just eat it after being tossed in the sauté pan.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
