URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64589062/pork-cacciatore/
Title:
Pork Cacciatore Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
6 pounds boneless pork shoulder
1 1/4 teaspoon sea salt
3/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 large red bell pepper, sliced
1 large green bell pepper, sliced
2 yellow onions, sliced
3-4 cloves garlic, chopped
2 teaspoons dried basil
2 teaspoons dried parsley
1 teaspoon dried thyme
1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, optional
1 cup low sodium chicken broth
1 28 ounce can petite diced tomatoes
3 tablespoons tomato paste

Directions:
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.
Take pork shoulder out of package and wipe down with a paper towel.  Season with salt and pepper.
Heat your Dutch oven over medium hight heat.  Add in oil and let it get nice and hot.  Add in pork and sear all sides for about 2 minutes.  You want to create a nice sear.
Lower temperature to medium then add in peppers, onions and garlic.  Cook for about 5 minutes stirring around using a wooden spoon.
Add in basil, parsley, thyme and red pepper flakes.  Pour in chicken broth and diced tomatoes.  Stir to incorporate all of the ingredients.  Add in tomato paste and press against the pan with the back of your spoon to help incorporate into the liquid.  Cover and let cook for 10 minutes.
Keeping the pan covered place into the oven for 3 hours then lower the temperature to 250 for 1-2 hours.  Remove from oven.  Use a large spoon and skim off the fat then go ahead and pull apart the pork or serve in large chunks with the peppers and onions.  Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
Here is another amazing (if I may say so myself) one-pot Paleo Italian recipe!  OMG OMG OMG is all everyone was saying after each bite!  This is why I love to cook and entertain. We normally grill when we have company at the lake but I wanted to just relax in the sun with my girlfriend Pam and let the oven do the cooking.  What a big hit!  I served with sauteé spinach.
 I used boneless pork shoulder and they came in 3 pound packages.   I picked up 2 because it really is better the next day!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 mins
Ready in:
5-6 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
