URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64589138/garden-gazpacho/
Title:
Garden Gazpacho Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3762271.jpg
Ingredients:
1 English cucumber
2 celery stalks, chopped
2 red bell peppers, seeded and chopped
1/2 cup red onion, chopped
5 plum tomatoes
2-3 cloves, garlic
3 cups low sodium tomato juice
1/4 cup white wine vinegar
1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil
1 teaspoon sea salt
1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon dried parsley
1/2 teaspoon or more red pepper flakes, optional

Directions:
Do not remove the skin if using an English cucumber but do remove if using a garden cucumber.  Slice in half and use a teaspoon to remove the seeds.  Chop then toss into your food processor and pulse about 5-6 times until they are in very small pieces.  (do not puree the vegetables).  Remove from processor and add to a large bowl.
Take the celery and add to the food processor and do the same as above.  I like to do each vegetable separate.  Continue with the peppers then onions.  Place in the bowl.
Take the plum tomatoes and slice in halve then spoon out the center seeds.  Slice in half again then place in the food processor with the garlic.  Pulse again a few times until small dices.  Place in the bowl.
Into the bowl pour in the tomato juice, white wine vinegar, extra virgin olive oil, salt, pepper, basil, parsley and red pepper flakes.  Stir around, cover and refrigerate for a least 1 hour but more is better to create deep flavors.
Serve cold!

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
With all of the garden vegetables my husband requested a gazpacho and OMG it was great to use what I had just picked from my friends garden.  We just love living at the lake during the summer and our friends came over to enjoy this with us.  

I do realize how lucky I am and try to show my gratitude every day!  We have a wonderful family and friends who truly love to be around us.

I did state it takes 25 minutes and that is the time to chop, put together and clean up.  The longer you let it sit in the refrigerator the better. Try to give it 2 hours to let the flavors combine.

All you n
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
25 m-2 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
