URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64589284/meatballs-cabbage-and-peas/
Title:
Meatballs, Cabbage and Peas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3764631.jpg
Ingredients:
1 pound ground beef
1/2 pound ground pork
2 large eggs
1/4 cup almond meal
2-3 cloves garlic, minced
1 teaspoon dried parsley
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon dried thyme
1 teaspoon sea salt plus more
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, plus more
1 cup cauliflower riced (shredded)
1 carrot, shredded (about 1/2 cup)
Olive oil or Coconut Oil
1/2 head cabbage
1-2 cups frozen peas
-------------------------------------------
1-2 cloves garlic, minced
1 28 ounce can san marzano tomato puree
1/2 cup chicken broth
1 teaspoon dried parsley
1 teaspoon dried basil
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme
1/2 teaspoon sea salt
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper

Directions:
In a large mixing bowl add beef and pork.  Use a fork and combine together.  Add in almond meal, eggs, garlic, parsley, basil, thyme, salt and pepper.
Take the cauliflower you riced along with the shredded carrot and place in a microwave safe board and add about 2 tablespoons of water.  Microwave for 3 minutes.  Drain then add into the meat mixture.  Combine well and form about 8 meatballs.  Set aside...
Heat a large pan (I love my braising pan) over medium high heat.  Add in about 2 tablespoons of oil.  When the oil is very hot carefully add in meatballs and cook all sides until browned.  About 7 minutes.
Chop up cabbage (into good size pieces) and add to the pan.  You may want to add in another tablespoon of oil.  Let them cook for about 5 minutes.  Take the peas out of the freezer and set in a bowl.
Add garlic in the pan then pour in tomato puree and chicken broth.  Season with parsley, basil, thyme, salt and pepper.  Bring to a boil then lower to simmer and cover.  Continue cooking for 20 minutes.
Add peas to the pan and let warm through; about 5 minutes. Serve 2 meatballs to a bowl with the sauce, cabbage and peas.  Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
This is a delicate dish perfect for everyday to gourmet!  I just love one pot recipes especially ones that are Paleo!  Enjoy
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
