URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64589077/chicken-and-peppers-egg-drop-stew/
Title:
Chicken and Peppers Egg Drop Stew Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 boneless breast of chicken (about 1/2 pound)
2 hot or sweet chicken sausage
1 tablespoon olive oil or coconut oil
1 yellow onion, sliced
1 poblano pepper , sliced
1 jalapeño pepper, seeded and thinly chopped
1 red pepper, thinly sliced
1 teaspoon sea salt
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
1 tablespoon unsalted butter
4 cups low sodium chicken broth
1 tablespoon arrowroot powder
2 large eggs
2-3 tablespoon fresh parsley, chopped

Directions:
Take the chicken breast and chop into bite size pieces and slice the sausage about 1 inch.  Set aside.
Heat a large sauté pan (about 2 inches in depth) over medium-high heat.  Once hot add in oil and let it heat up.  Add in chicken and sausage and let cook for about 7 minutes turning often to brown all sides.
Add in onions, poblano, jalapeño and red peppers then season with salt and pepper.  Let cook for about 5-7 minutes stirring often.
Pour in chicken broth then bring to a boil.  Reduce to medium then add in butter and arrowroot and stir to combine.  This will thicken the sauce.
Whisk the 2 eggs in a small bowl.  When ready to serve increase the temperature to get the liquid to almost boiling them immediately remove from the heat.  Drizzle in the eggs and stir around using a wooden spoon or spatula then remove from the heat. They will cook up fast but continue stirring so they don't turn into scrambled eggs. Stir in parsley and ladle into bowls to enjoy!

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
OMG OMG OMG - I have to start this recipe with OMG and its Paleo....  I love my random Paleo one-pot meals and it only took 30 minutes.  This recipe was developed as I was taking the ingredients out of my refrigerator and this is what I created!  

Perfect dinner for 2!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
