URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64582646/garlic-basil-shrimp-with-penne-in-a-spicy-basil-marinara/
Title:
GARLIC BASIL SHRIMP WITH PENNE IN A SPICY BASIL MARINARA Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound of shrimp, cleaned with tails removed, sprinkle with old bay and set aside in refrigerator
2 tsp olive oil
1/2 sweet yellow onion, finely diced
4 cloves of garlic minced
1/2 cup of chopped fresh basil
1/4 tsp crushed red pepper flakes, more if desired
1 28 oz can of whole tomatoes, pureed
1 15 oz can of tomato sauce
Sea salt and freshly cracked pepper, to taste
Parmesan cheese, shredded

Directions:
Heat the olive oil in a small Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the diced onion,  and crushed red pepper flakes then cook, stirring often, for 3-4 minutes. Add the minced garlic and cook, stirring constantly, for 1 minute. Puree the can of whole tomatoes with an immersion blender. Add the tomato sauce and the pureed whole tomatoes to the onion and garlic mixture.  sea salt, and freshly cracked pepper, to taste. Cover with a lid, reduce to low, and simmer for 45 minutes   stirring occasionally. Once the sauce has simmered and you are ready to serve it, taste and re-season if needed. Add more fresh basil to taste about another 1/2 cup and mix until evenly combined. Set aside.
Cook the pasta in salted water per instructions. Drain.
About 5 minutes before the pasta has finished cooking; heat a large grill pan that has been coated with cooking spray over medium high heat. Once the pan is HOT add the shrimp and cook for 3 minutes then flip them and cook for an additional 2-3 minutes, or until cooked through and golden brown.
Dish up the cooked pasta into a serving bowl then top with spicy basil marinara and shrimp. Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese and fresh basil then serve immediately. Enjoy.

Submitter: 
dablacks77
Description: 
Shrimp and pasta what a great match.  What I like about this recipe is the fresh basil, but in a pinch you can use 1/2 tsp of dried basil.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
