URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64581200/cajun-style-turducken-recipe/
Title:
Cajun Style Turducken Recipe Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3648360.jpg
Ingredients:
20 - 25 lb. whole turkey, deboned with wings and legs still intact.
5 - 6 lb. whole duckling, deboned
3 - 4 lb. whole chicken, deboned Poultry seasoning blend
Cajun Rice Dressing
Kitchen string Cotton thread and a large needle

Directions:
Have the birds deboned by your butcher to save yourself quite a bit of time, but if you're a particularly adventurous cook you can do it yourself. Professional Cutlery Direct provides step by step instructions for deboning poultry. Just be sure to keep the wings and legs on the turkey, that way the finished turducken will still look like a turkey.
It's best to prepare each stuffing ahead of time so that they have time to cool before you are ready to assemble your turducken. A cajun rice dressing stuffing recipe is listed below:
2 Tbsp. cooking oil
1 lb. ground beef
4 cups cooked white rice
1 cup chopped bell pepper
1 cup chopped onion
1 cup chopped celery
1 clove minced garlic
1 can cream of mushroom soup
2 cups beef broth
Salt and black pepper (to suit taste)
Brown ground beef over medium heat in cooking oil. Add celery, onion, bell pepper and garlic cook until soft. Season with salt, pepper, and Cajun seasoning. Add the cream of mushroom soup to the pot and heat through. Mix cooked rice with beef and vegetables. Pour beef broth into mixture until it reaches the desired consistency. Adjust seasoning and cool before stuffing bird.
Assembling the Turducken
Begin by placing the turkey skin side down and seasoning it well with salt, pepper and poultry seasoning. Then spread the cornbread stuffing over the turkey. Next, place the duck on top of the cornbread stuffing and spread the Cajun rice dressing over it. You will then place the chicken on top of the Cajun rice dressing and add the shrimp stuffing. Each stuffing layer should be approximately 1/2 inch thick. Any leftover stuffing can be placed in casserole dishes and baked at 350 degrees Fahrenheit for approximately 30 minutes.
Once you've stuffed each bird, fold the sides of the turkey together to close the bird. Enlist someone to help hold the turkey closed as you begin to sew up the opening. The stitches should be spaced about 1 inch apart. You finish sewing the Turducken tie the legs together, just above the tip bones. Be sure to place the Turducken breast side up while cooking.
Once the turducken is assembled, place the turducken in a large roasting pan and cook in a 325 degrees Fahrenheit preheated oven. Alternatively, you can place the turducken on aluminum foil or in an aluminum pan, and then cook on a 350 degrees Fahrenheit grill or smoker.
Regardless of which method you choose to use you should cook the bird until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest area on the bundle reaches an internal temperature reaches 180 degrees Fahrenheit (165 degrees Fahrenheit is the minimum temperature for cooking poultry, but 180 degrees Fahrenheit will ensure that the turducken is fully cooked all the way through). The USDA recommends that a stuffed turkey of this size will generally

Submitter: 
CajunGrocer.com
Description: 
This Turducken recipe makes anyone into a gourmet chef. 
If you're looking for a truly delectable dish to serve at your next party or family gathering then consider preparing a turducken for your friends and family. A turducken is simply a turkey that is stuffed with a duck that is stuffed with a chicken, and layers of flavorful dressings and stuffing. In the last few years, the turducken has become a popular main course for both Thanksgiving and Christmas holiday meals. Regardless of the occasion you’re celebrating, this twist on a traditional roasted turkey is sure to be a crowd pleaser. Fo
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h
Ready in:
6 h
Number of servings: 
25
Nutritional Facts:
NA
