URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64587971/chicken-parmesan-bake/
Title:
Chicken Parmesan Bake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3735800.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1-lb box of pasta of choice (I like whole wheat elbows or ziti), cooked til barely al dente
2 tsp vegetable or olive oil
1 large onion, chopped finely
4-6 cloves garlic (more/less to tase), minced
2 lbs boneless chicken, diced into small cubes
1/2 c white or red wine
1 28-oz can crushed tomatoes (or whole, crushed by hand)
2 tsp vegetable or chicken stock (I use Better Than Broth's vegetable)
1 c water
1 tsp dried oregano
2 tsp dried basil
2 tsp dried Italian parsley flakes
2 tsp dried crushed red pepper flakes (or less, to taste)
1 c skim/low fat milk (almond milk is ok too)
3 tbs cornstarch (or flour) + 1/4 c water, mixed
2 c light mozzarella cheese, grated
1/2 c grated parmigiano reggiano cheese
Salt & Pepper for seasoning
Dried Oregano for seasoning

Directions:
Season diced chicken liberally with salt and pepper.
Heat a large, deep frying pan over medium-high heat and add oil.
Add chicken to the hot pan and cook til browned.
Add diced onion to the pan and cook til they begin to carmelize.
Lower head, add garlic to the pan and cook for a minute or two, just to mellow the flavor.
Deglaze pan with wine, scraping the bottom.
Add broth mixed with 1 c water, tomatoes, dried herbs, 1 tsp salt and 1/2 tsp pepper.
Bring to simmer and allow to simmer, stirring frequently, while you cook your pasta.
Preheat oven to 350 and grease a baking pan or deep casserole dish.
Cook pasta in salted water 1 minless than time shown on box for "al dente"; drain.
Add milk and cornstarch/water mixture to chicken and tomato sauce pan.
Cook, stirring frequently, til thickened - it should resemble a thin gravy.
Taste and adjust salt and seasonings to your liking (It should be highly seasoned as it's going to be blended with the pasta).
Pour pasta into pan containing chicken/sauce and mix thoroughly.
Pour 1/2 pasta mix into the prepared baking pan.
Sprinkle with half of the parmigiano reggiano, half of the shredded mozzarealla and sprinkle with oregano.
Repeat with remaining pasta mix, parmigiano reggiano, mozzarella and a sprinkle of oregano.
Bake approximately 20 minutes or until the top is browned.
*I recommend placing the dish on a cookie sheet. It should be VERY "saucy" and may bubble over when baking

Submitter: 
EmmLee
Description: 
A quick-and-easy, low on fat and calories but absolutely delicious version of chicken parmesan.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
1 hr
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
