URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64589285/mixed-seafood-in-a-tomato-sauce/
Title:
Mixed Seafood in a Tomato Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3764644.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil
1/2 pound salmon, skin removed and cubed
1/2 pound scallops
1/2 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined
3-4 cloves garlic, chopped
Sea salt
Freshly ground pepper
2 teaspoons dried basil
2 teaspoons dried parsley
1 teaspoon dried thyme
1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes, or more
1 28 ounce can tomato puree
1 7 ounce can tomato paste

Directions:
In a Dutch oven or braising pan heat over a medium-high temperature.
Once the pan is hot add in olive oil.  Get the oil nice and hot then add in salmon.  Sear both sides of each piece for 1 minute.  Add in the scallops (be sure to remove the mussel and if they are large cut in half) and sear each side for about 1 minute.  Add in shrimp. Toss around.
Add in garlic, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1/2 teaspoon pepper, basil, parsley, thyme and red pepper flakes.  Stir around using a wooden spoon and let cook for 3 minutes.
Pour in sauce and bring to a high simmer.  Add in paste then use the back of the spoon to combine into the sauce.  Run your hot water and fill the paste can and stir the paste in the bottom with the water then pour into the empty sauce can and give a swirl.  Pour into the pot.
Lower the temperature to a medium simmer and let cook for 30 minutes.  Taste for any additional salt or pepper.  Enjoy with your favorite side!

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
This dish was created to use up some seafood I had in the freezer.  Sometimes while at City Fish I get extra fish.  It's an Italian thing - Just in case!  We never know if last minute friends are coming over for dinner therefore I always have enough.....  You know just in case!  I freeze what we don't cook up and use.

I love (as you can imagine) tomato sauce and decided to make one but with all of the fish I had handy.  I defrosted the fish earlier in the day.  You can use any seafood you have handy or decide to pick up for this dish!  This goes great with your favorite pasta or spaghetti s
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
