URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64589079/chicken-saltimbocca-meatloaf/
Title:
Chicken Saltimbocca Meatloaf Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3761512.jpg
Ingredients:
Olive oil
6 cups baby spinach
2 cloves garlic, minced
Kosher salt
Freshly ground pepper
5 slices prosciutto
1 tablespoon unsalted butter
2 cup mushrooms, sliced
2 cups low sodium chicken broth
2 tablespoons arrowroot or cornstarch
1 pound ground chicken (or turkey)
1 tablespoon Italain seasonings
1 large egg
1/2 cup almond meal or breadcrumbs
1/4 cup parmesan cheese, grated (optional)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Take an oven safe pan and heat over a medium temperature.   Add in 2 tablespoons of olive oil then the spinach.  Toss around until almost wilted then add in garlic, 1/2 teaspoon of salt and pepper.  Let cook for another 30 seconds then remove from pan and into a bowl.  Set aside.
Take the prosciutto and slice thinly then add into the same pan.  Use a thong to help break them apart.  Cook for about 2-3 minutes until they start to brown but not crispy. Remove from pan and place in a small bowl. Keep about 1/4 of the mixture aside for the sauce.
Using the same pan add in the butter and let it melt over medium heat.  Add in mushrooms and cook for about 5 minutes then remove and place in a bowl.  Set aside.
In a medium bowl add ground chicken, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon pepper, Italian seasonings, egg, almond meal (or breadcrumbs) and if you opt to add in parmesan cheese.  Mix together starting with a fork then use your hands.  Divide in two.
In the same pan drizzle about a tablespoon of oil.  Take one of the divide ground chicken mixture and press flat into your the palm of your hand  to about 1/2 inch thick. Add 1/2 of the spinach mixture and place on one side then top with 1/2 of the prosciutto and fold over.  Using both hands form into a loaf then place in the prepared pan.  Do the same to the other half.  (remember to reserve 1/2 of the prosciutto)
Bake for 35 minutes.  Meanwhile in a large glass measuring cup add chicken broth then whisk in arrowroot or cornstarch until dissolved.  Microwave for 2 minutes then carefully remove from microwave.
Remove pan from over and pour in broth and add in mushrooms.  Place back in the oven for 15 minutes.  Remove from oven top with remaining prosciutto and cover until ready to serve.
Note: If you are making this in advance let cool completely then refrigerate.  When ready to enjoy preheat oven to 350 degrees and bake covered for 20 minutes.  Enjoy..

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
OMG is my first reaction!  I love chicken saltimbocca but you need to make it and eat immediately and I decided to make it an entire day in advance and this was simply amazing.

My husband does not like the word meatloaf!  However every time I make him one he loves it including this recipe.  I used all of the ingredients as my Chicken Saltimbocca but used ground chicken.  Enjoy this delicious Paleo dish today (or tomorrow).  

As you can see from the photo I made 2 individual loafs and it was perfect.  You can make just one or even 4 mini loafs!  You pick..

Here are all of the ingredien
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
