URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64589065/artichoke-and-chicken-sausage-cauliflower-paella/
Title:
Artichoke and Chicken Sausage "Cauliflower" Paella Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3761400.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 teaspoon saffron threads
2 tablespoons hot water
1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil, divided
3-4 italian chicken sausage (hot and/or sweet), cut into pieces
1 large zucchini, chopped
1 yellow onion, chopped
2-3 cloves garlic, minced
1 carrot, grated
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1 15 ounce can artichokes
1 head cauliflower, riced
3 cups chicken or vegetable stock
1 1/2 cups snow peas
Sea salt
Freshly ground pepper

Directions:
1.Add saffron threads in a small bowl then pour in hot water for 3 minutes to infuse.
2.Heat a paella pan over medium heat and add in 2 tablespoons of oil.  Add in sausage and cook for about 5 minutes.
3. Add in zucchini and onion and cook or another 3 minutes.  Add in garlic, carrot, cayenne, saffron and stir into the ingredients and cook for 1 minute.
4. Add in artichokes and cauliflower and stir to combine and cook for about 3 minutes then pour in stock and season with 1 teaspoon of sea salt and 1/2 teaspoon of freshly ground pepper.  Keeping the pan uncovered bring to a boil then lower to a simmer for about 10 minutes.  Add in snow peas then taste for any additional salt or pepper.
5.Once the liquid has absorbed remove from heat and drizzle with remaining extra virgin olive oil then serve!

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
I just love a great one-pot dish that makes everyone go WOW.  I prepare, cook and serve right out of my beautiful braising pan.  You can also use your paella pan which I have two but decided to use this one!  

Thank you to D&D; Market (the new Wethersfield, CT store) for the fresh ingredients to make this great recipe.  You will find this recipe on my cooking segment on Mass Appeal - March 11, 2015!

Note:  Using Cauliflower as your rice makes this dish a perfect Paleo side dish or main course!  This is also a stove to table dish without any mess in 30 minutes!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
