URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64589068/braised-lamb-shanks-with-butternut-squash-puree/
Title:
Braised Lamb Shanks with Butternut Squash Puree Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3761428.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil
2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more
4 American Lamb Shanks (about 1 1/2 pound each)
Sea salt
Freshly ground pepper
1 large onion, chopped
3 carrots, chopped
2 celery stalks, chopped
6 cloves garlic, minced
2 teaspoons dried thyme, plus more
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon dried rosemary, plus more
3 cups chicken or beef broth/stock (or a combination of the 2)
1 cup red wine
1 butternut squash (about 2 1/2 pounds)

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 275 degrees F.
2. Heat a large braising pan with oil and butter.  Season the lamb shanks with salt and pepper then add to the hot pan.  Sear for 2 minutes then roll over to sear other side for another 2 minutes.
3. Toss in onion, carrots and celery then cook for about 3 minutes.  Add in garlic, thyme, basil and rosemary.  Season with an additional 1/2 teaspoon of salt and 1/2 teaspoon of pepper.
4. Add in broth/stock and wine.  Bring to a boil then remove from heat, cover and place in the oven for 6 hours.  Checking every 2 hours to check on the liquid.  Should it start to elaborate then add in more broth or wine.
5. Peel and chop butternut squash.  Add to a large pot along with 1 teaspoon of sea salt and bring to a boil.  Reduce to simmer and let cook until for tender.  Drain and place back into the pan.  Add in about 2-3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon of thyme, 1/2 teaspoon rosemary, 1 teaspoon of salt and 1/2 teaspoon of pepper.  Mash with a fork until smooth.  Cover and set aside until ready to serve with lamb. (Just reheat over medium heat)

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
A  new butcher moved into town and it figures we are moving!  Glad we were able to try their American Lamb Shanks.  OMG this was an amazing dinner and we share this recipe with our friends Mike and D!

If you are in Connecticut be sure to check out the Lucky Goat!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
6 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
