URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64589139/grilled-swordfish-with-chimichurri-and-cauliflower-rice-with-vegetables/
Title:
Grilled Swordfish with Chimichurri and "Cauliflower" Rice with Vegetables Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3762280.jpg
Ingredients:
2 swordfish steaks (about 1 pound)
Sea salt
Freshly ground pepper
Extra virgin olive oil
Garlic powder (simply organic)
All purpose seasonings (simply organic)
1 head cauliflower
1 large zucchini, diced
1 large shallot, chopped (about 2 tablespoons)
1 summer squash, diced
1/2 red pepper, thinly sliced (about 1/2 cup)
4 cups baby spinach
------------------------------------------
1 cup fresh parsley
8 basil leaves
20 baby spinach leaves
1 clove garlic, peeled and chopped
1 lemon zest
1 lemon juiced
1/2 teaspoon sea salt
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
1/4 cup or more extra virgin olive oil

Directions:
Take the swordfish steaks and lay on a plate.  Drizzle with extra virgin olive oil (about 1 tablespoon to each).  Season both sides with a little salt, pepper, onion powder and all purpose seasoning.  Cover and let sit in the refrigerator.
Meanwhile take the cauliflower and cut into florets.  Either process through the dish of your food processor. Then place in a bowl.  Season with 1 teaspoon sea salt, 3/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 1 teaspoon onion powder and 1 tablespoon all purpose seasonings.  Drizzle in 2 tablespoons of olive oil.  Heat a large pan on medium-high heat.  Add cauliflower rice to the hot pan and let it begin to brown.  Toss lightly a couple of times.  Let cook for 5-7 minutes then remove from pan and place back in the large bowl or let rest on a baking sheet.
In the same pan heat again to a medium-high heat then add in 2 tablespoons of olive oil.  Add in shallots and let cook for about 3 minutes then add in zucchini, summer squash and red pepper.  Cook for about 5 minutes tossing to coat in the olive oil.  Add in 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 1 teaspoon onion powder and 1 teaspoon of all purpose seasonings.  Top with spinach then cover for 5 minutes.  Add in cauliflower rice, toss and keep warm.
Heat your outdoor grill over to a medium-high temperature.  While the grill is heating make your chimichurri.
In your food processor or mini chopper add in parsley, basil, spinach, garlic, lemon zest, lemon juice, salt, pepper and olive oil.  Blend until smooth.  If it is too think then drizzle in more oil.
Grill the swordfish for 4-5 minutes on the first side them 3 minutes when you flip over.  (only flip once).
To plate take a nice large scoop of the rice and vegetables for the bottom of the plate.  Top with a piece of swordfish then top with chimichurri.  Enjoy this yummy dinner with your family or friends.  Everyday to Gourmet!

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
We have a local fish market near our lake house and he does keep a small selection of fresh fish he picks up each day.  Therefore I decided to go to the fish market first then plan out the rest of my meal.  

Believe it or not I am not (well was not) a fan of swordfish but for some reason it looked really fresh and gave me this inspiration for the meal I made for my husband.

This dish was super easy to make and amazing beyond belief!  Every bite my husband was taking he kept saying; this is delicious.  He grilled the fish so a team effort made this a special dinner for us.

Note:  You
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
