URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64584097/pasticada/
Title:
Pašticada Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3688083.jpg
Ingredients:
4 lb of beef round or other cut
5 garlic cloves, sliced
4 oz bacon, cut into 1/2-inch pieces
4 cups wine vinegar (or more)
1/2 cup olive oil
1 cup vegetable or beef broth
3 onions, quartered
2 carrots, peeled and cut
1 celery root, peeled and quartered
1 parsley root, peeled and quartered
1 tablespoon flour
4 cloves
2 tablespoons tomato paste
1 bay leaf
1/2 cup prosek or other sweet dessert wine
1 tablespoon sugar
1/2 cup red dry wine
4 prunes
1 lb gnocchi
Parmesan cheese (optional)
1/2 bunch parsley, chopped
Salt
Pepper

Directions:
Pierce the meat with a sharp pointed knife and insert pieces of garlic, bacon and cloves in it.
Place the beef in a large dish. Cover with vinegar and leave it overnight in the refrigerator.
The next day, remove the meat from the vinegar.
Remove the bacon and garlic and save them.
Put meat in Dutch oven or deep pot. Dust meat with flour, then add olive oil.
Cook on medium high heat. Remove the meat when it takes on the color from all sides after about 8 to 10 minutes.
Fry the onion, garlic and bacon in the same oil for a few minutes.
Return the meat to the pot, add broth and cook for about 6 to 8 minutes.
Add the tomato paste diluted in sweet wine, then add the red wine with sugar and cook covered on low heat for 3 hours or until the meat is tender.
Halfway through cooking, add the bay leaf and prunes.
When the meat is tender, remove it to a plate and cut into thick slices.
Purée the vegetables and sauce left in the pot with a hand blender.
Serve with potato gnocchi.
Garnish with parsley or grated parmesan cheese (optional).

Submitter: 
Lori Rowley-Sipple
Description: 
Traditional Dalmatian pašticada (or Dalmatinska pašticada) is slow-cooked beef prepared in a rich red sweet and sour sauce, usually served with gnocchi (njoki) or homemade pasta. In its traditional form, this dish can take up to two or three days to make, as the meat is first marinated in a vinegar preparation, then braised slowly with vegetables for 4 to 6 hours.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
4.5 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
