URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64589071/braised-tuscan-pork-chops/
Title:
Braised Tuscan Pork Chops Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3761446.jpg
Ingredients:
4 thick pork chops
1/2 cup olive oil
4 plum tomatoes, chopped
1 red or green bell pepper, finely chopped
1 medium carrot, finely chopped
2 stalks celery, finely chopped
1 small yellow onion, finely chopped
3 garlic cloves, finely chopped
1 teaspoon sea salt
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes (optional)
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme
1/2 teaspoon dried basil
1/2 cup white wine or chicken broth

Directions:
Lay pork chops down on a large platter or clean work board.
Heat a large sauté pan or cast iron skillet over medium-high heat. Once the pan is hot add in 1-2 tablespoons of olive oil. Once the oil is very hot add in the pork chops (Use a large enough pan to fit all 4 pork chops comfortably)
Cook the pork chops until brown on both sides (about 5 minutes per side). Remove from pan and set aside covered with foil.
Reduce the temperature to medium in your sauté pan add in another 1-2 tablespoons of olive oil.
Once hot add in the tomatoes, pepper, carrot, celery, onion and garlic. Set cook for 3 minutes; stirring often using a wooden spoon.
Add in salt, pepper, red pepper flakes, thyme and basil. Stir into the vegetables. Add the pork chops back into the pan and top with the sofrito.  Pour in wine or broth then cover and simmer for 30 minutes.
Enjoy~

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
This recipe has been a favorite for TV cooking segments when I share recipes from my new cookbook Paleo Italian Cooking!  Get your copy and check out the other healthy Italian recipes!

In Tuscan and Spanish cooking you will see the word sofrito in many recipes. Sofrito is the combination of tomatoes, onions, peppers, carrots, garlic and fresh herbs to create a sauce. I use a sofrito in many of my recipes and is a perfect way to enjoy this dish.

You can use some of the sauce and use over zucchini noodles or spaghetti squash. I love to grill vegetables and top with this sofrito.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 mins
Ready in:
40 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
