URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64582347/soft-homemade-no-yeast-pretzels/
Title:
Soft Homemade (No Yeast) Pretzels: Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 Cups all-purpose flour
3 Tbsp. cold butter (cut into small pieces for easier mixing)
2 Tbsp. grandulated sugar
2 Tsp. Baking soda
2/3 Cup milk
Pinch of salt
1 egg/ to 1Tbsp water (egg wash)
Course sea salt or flakes

Directions:
preheat oven to 350 degrees F, grease a cookie sheet with nonstick spray.
In medium bowl add flour, butter, sugar, baking powder and salt. Mix together until crumbly (it wills till look mostly like flour). Add milk slowly(a Tbsp. at a time) until all ingredients are wet.
* you do not want it to sticky, but not to dry either. because this is a no yeast recipe you do not need to let the dough rest. you can work with it right away.
Divide the dough into about 6 evenly size pieces and roll into long snake like tubes and shape into pretzels or any other shape you would like.
brush the dough with your prepared egg wash and sprinkle with course sea salt. Bake in preheated oven 10-12 minutes or until golden brown. (mine were not browning so I brushed some melted butter over them and added more minutes to the bake time).
serve warm with your favorite dipping sauce ( I like mustard, ranch or cream cheese).
Makes about 6 medium sized pretzels. great for a quick kids snack to take on the go. These also freeze really well if you choose to make a larger batch for later, just take them out of the freezer, thaw and microwave 10-15 sec.
* also, for a sweeter treat try brushing with a bit of honey and sprinkling with a cinnamon and sugar mixture instead of salt.

Submitter: 
Cathy Adams-Kane
Description: 
I Made these earlier today they turned out pretty well.
 And I thought I would share the recipe with all my friends. Enjoy!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
