URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64585792/shrimp-grits/
Title:
Shrimp & Grits Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3712879.jpg
Ingredients:
3/4 pound of peeled & deveined medium-large shrimp
1 Tablespoon of Cajun season (Such as Tony Chachere's)
1/2 Tablespoon Smoked Paprika
1/2 Tablespoon dried Oregano
1/2 Tablespoon dried Basil
1/2 Cup Quick Grits
2 cups Chicken Broth (Homemade if you have it)
1-2 Tablespoons of Butter
4-6 Ounces of Extra Sharp White Cheddar (Such as Cabot's)
1-2 Tablespoons of Half and Half
Salt
3 Chopped Green Onions
2 Cloves of Garlic (Minced)
Half of Lemon
3-4 Slices of Bacon

Directions:
1. Clean and pat dry shrimp with paper towel
2. Combine Cajun Seasoning, Smoked Paprika, Oregano and Basil and rub on shrimp to ensure that each shrimp is well coated.  Let rest for 30-60 minutes.
3.  Cut the bacon into 1/2 inch pieces.  Cook bacon in skillet until done.  Remove bacon and drain on plate with paper towel. Leave bacon grease in skillet.
4. Add chicken broth to sauce pan and bring to a boil. Once boiling, add grits and whisk to make sure that there are no lumps.  Add butter, turn heat to simmer and cover for 5 minutes.
5. Add Shrimp to skillet with heated bacon grease and stir fry the shrimp.  After 2-3 minutes, add most of the green onion (reserve some for garnish) and all of the garlic. Stir fry with the shrimp. Once the shrimp is pink add the juice of a fresh half lemon, remove from heat. Do not over cook shrimp.
6. After the 5 minutes with the grits, add cheese, half and half and salt to taste.  If too thick, stir and add more liquid. If too loose, continue cooking on simmer with lid off while stirring.
7. To serve, place grits into a pasta bowl, add shrimp, bacon, reserved green onion and drizzle a little of the drippings from the skillet.
Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Twayminator
Description: 
Excellent!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
