URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64583475/chewy-french-baguette/
Title:
Chewy French Baguette Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3681479.jpg
Ingredients:
1-1/2 cups hot tap water
1 tsp sugar
2 tsp active dry yeast (or 1 envelope if that's what you have)
3-3/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for kneading
1-1/2 tsp salt
2 Tbsp vegetable oil

Directions:
In a 2-cup measure dissolve sugar into the hot water, then add yeast and stir gently.  Let sit 5 minutes to dissolve and foam up.
Meanwhile, in a large bowl whisk flour and salt together (I do this instead of sifting because it's faster).
When yeast mixture is ready, make a well in dry ingredients and pour liquid into the center.  Stir gently, starting from the middle and slowly incorporating more and more of the flour until sticky then take over with your hands kneading inside the bowl to work in all the flour.  Add more flour, 1/4 cup at a time, kneading it in after each addition until the dough is elastic and no longer sticky, about 10 minutes.
Put 2 Tbsp oil a large clean bowl then place the dough upside down into the oil and push it around to grease the sides of the bowl as well.  Turn the dough right side up and cover the bowl with plastic wrap.  Set aside to double, about 1 hour.
Punch down dough and let sit 5-10 minutes to rest.
Fill a roasting pan with water and set on the lower rack of the oven.  Turn oven on to 425.
Now that the dough has rested, process into desired qty and shape.  If making baguettes (small or large) now is the time to score the tops before final rise.
Cover formed loaves with a dry kitchen towel and set aside to rise about an hour.
Bake on a silicone lined baking sheet in the center of your moist oven 15-20 minutes, depending on size and thickness.

Submitter: 
NWMama
Description: 
I don't cook with bread flour or rapid yeast, and I don't have a bread machine.  This is a pretty good loaf using things I already have.  One might call it French on a budget bread.  This recipe can make 1 big loaf or 6 sandwich rolls.  Note: some schools of thought remove water from oven before setting loaves in, some leave it in.  Whatever you prefer is fine; I've always read that you need a moist oven for a proper French crust.  I find it's best served warm with homemade butter.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2-1/2 h
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
