URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64584088/savory-stuffed-green-peppers/
Title:
Savory Stuffed Green Peppers Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 Cups Water
1 Cup White Rice
6 Large Green Peppers, tops cut off and seeded
1 Pound Ground Beef
1 Pound Ground Pork
1 Large Onion, chopped
4 Garlic Cloves, chopped
2 Tablespoons Worchestershire Sauce
2 Teaspoons Ground Coriander
2 Teaspoons Ground Cumin
1 Teaspoon Cayenne Pepper
Salt and Freshly Ground Black Pepper to taste
1 (15 ounce) Can Tomato Sauce
3 Cups Shredded Mozzarella Cheese, divided

Directions:
1. In a medium saucepan, bring water to a boil. Add rice and stir. Reduce heat to low, cover and simmer for 20 minutes. Put in large mixing bowl and set aside to cool slightly while other ingredients are cooking.
2. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
3. Place uncooked peppers in a 9X13 inch baking dish sprayed with non-stick cooking spray . Set aside.
4. In a large pan over high heat, saute onion for 3 to 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium and add garlic; saute another 2 minutes.
5. Add ground beef and pork to the large pan. Brown ground beef and pork. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Add Worchestershire sauce, coriander, cumin and cayenne, mixing thoroughly. When meat is no longer pink, drain and put into large mixing bowl.
6. Add cooked rice, tomato sauce and 1 cup Mozzarella cheese to the meat. Mix thoroughly.
7. Spoon the mixture into each pepper. Cover with foil and bake in a preheated oven for 20 minutes. Uncover meat stuffed peppers and cook 25 minutes longer.
8. Sprinkle mozzarella cheese over the tops of each pepper, return to oven and bake until cheese is melted and lightly browned; about 5 to 10 minutes more.

Submitter: 
Christine W
Description: 
This is a melding of a couple different recipes and the results are amazing. This recipe is my family's favorite, even my daughter who otherwise doesn't like green peppers. It's still very easy to put together and I've taken out one step which is boiling the peppers. We like the peppers a bit on the crunchy side. To make the mixing of all the ingredients easier I use a large mixing bowl.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
