URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64582635/gluten-free-madeleines/
Title:
Gluten-Free Madeleines Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3669075.jpg
Ingredients:
2 ½ Tbsp granulated sugar
2 eggs
½ cup of salted European Premium Butter (such as Land O’Lakes), softened at room temperature
3 Tbsp light flavored honey
¾ cup all-purpose gluten free flour
1 tsp baking powder
1 tsp fresh lemon zest
extra butter and flour to prepare the pan

Directions:
Using the whisk attachment of a mixer, whisk the eggs and sugar until a pale color is achieved.
In a small mixing bowl, mix the butter and honey until creamy. Add this to the egg/sugar mixture.
Slowly incorporate the flour and baking powder into the wet ingredients. Whisk at medium-low speed until fluffy. About 2-3 minutes.
Fold in the zest by hand.
Refrigerate the batter.
After one hour, pre-heat the oven to 400°F  (200°C). Meanwhile, prepare a madeleine pan with the extra butter and rice flour.
When the oven has reached temperature, take the batter out of the refrigerator. The batter will have a mousse-like consistency. Using a soup spoon, scoop out one spoonful. Place it in the middle of the shape. Do not press it down or spread it out. Allow the heat of the oven to shape it while cooking to get that classic “humpback” shape. Fill the rest of the mold.
Immediately put the remaining batter back in the fridge. Put the prepared madeleine pan in the oven. Bake until the edges are golden brown and a toothpick comes clean (about 10-12 minutes for the first batch. The second batch will take about 9 minutes).
Allow the madeleines to cool in the pan before removing.
These will keep for about 3-4 days when stored in an airtight container or in the fridge.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
A gluten free version of the classic French cakes made with European style butter and a hint of lemon. Using the European butter with a higher fat content, gives these sponge cakes that classic dense and moist texture.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h 15 m
Number of servings: 
9
Nutritional Facts:
NA
