URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64585018/grilled-gazpacho-bloody-mary/
Title:
Grilled Gazpacho Bloody Mary Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 pound tomatoes
1 poblano pepper
1 red bell pepper
3 cloves of garlic, unpeeled
1 small onion, peeled & quartered
1/4 cup olive oil, divided
1 teaspoon salt, divided
1 lemon, halved
1 1/2 teaspoons (about 1" knob) horseradish, grated
1 teaspoon Old Bay Seasoning
½ teaspoon celery salt
Dash of Worcestershire sauce
Tabasco hot sauce (optional)
Garnishes (optional): fresh cucumber, large green olives, grilled asparagus spears, grilled tomato wedges, grilled bell pepper rings, grilled celery stalks, grilled lemon wheels, bacon, etc.

Directions:
Preheat grill to medium and heat for 5 minutes. Toss tomatoes with 1/8 cup olive oil and 1/2 teaspoon salt and place on a double stack of aluminum foil. Tent the edges of foil to create lip to contain the tomato juices.
Toss the poblano pepper, red bell pepper, garlic cloves and onion with the rest of the olive oil and salt. Place the tented foil of tomatoes on the hot grill, and then the rest of the veggies directly on, including both halves of the lemon, face down. Turn all of the veggies until they have a good sear and are caramelized, around 10 minutes, closing the lid to contain the heat and achieve an even searing. The tomatoes will take 12-15 minutes, when they will achieve some light caramelization as well. When peppers are nicely charred, remove from heat and wrap in foil to steam. When cool, slip off the skins and seed the peppers, then place them into a blender. Add the finished tomatoes to the blender and tip the foil to add all the accumulated juices. Squeeze the garlic in and add ¾ of the onion, saving the rest for garnish, if you like. Add juice from grilled lemon. Blend until smooth.
Add horseradish, Old Bay seasoning, celery salt and Worcestershire sauce. Add Tabasco to taste. Blend to combine and chill until ready to serve.
To serve: Put 1 ounce vodka in 6 ice-filled glasses. Top with Grilled Gazpacho Bloody Mary Mix, then garnish with fresh cucumber, large green olives and any assortment of grilled items, such as asparagus spears, tomato wedges, bell pepper rings, celery stalks and lemon wheels.

Submitter: 
Matt Wencl
Description: 
Grill fresh tomatoes with poblano  and bell peppers, garlic, onion and lemon and blend with a zesty whirlwind of spices for your new refreshing addition to brunch or summer weekend grilling. Makes about 5 cups, or 6 drinks, depending on your glass size.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
