URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64582631/buckwheat-grissini-with-real-butter-gluten-free/
Title:
Buckwheat Grissini with Real Butter (Gluten Free) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3669047.jpg
Ingredients:
1/3c buckwheat flour
1/4c all-purpose gluten free flour
1/3c finely grated Parmigiano Reggiano
2 Tbsp salted butter, divided
3-4 Tbsp water
1 Tbsp black sesame seeds
1 Tbsp fresh thyme

Directions:
Preheat oven to 340°F.
In a mixing bowl, combine the flours, cheese, and 1.5 Tbsp butter with your hands until the mixture resembles small pebbles. Add the sesame seeds and thyme; combine well. Add water a Tbsp at a time, until the mixture pulls together into a ball. You may not need all the water. The consistency should be a soft dough but not too sticky.
Divide the dough into 6 even portions. Allow the dough balls to rest a moment. Meanwhile, prepare a baking tray with parchment paper.
Gently roll each portion into a long and thin stick about 6-7 inches long. If at first they fall apart -which they will most likely do-don't get frustrated, it is ok, with some handling they firm up and start to maintain their shape even better. Keep at them by re-rolling a few times. Keeping to tradition, the grissino should not have a uniform shape, but more a twisted snake, bumpy from the indentions of your fingers. There will be parts which tear or have areas with some holes in them. This is ok. They will cook up crispy and durable all the same. This is another characteristic of true, handmade grissini.
Once the 6 grissini have been rolled into shape, lay them orderly on the baking tray. By this time, the other half tablespoon of butter should be quite soft. Either using your fingers or a soft pastry brush, baste each of the grissini with the butter rolling them gently to make sure the entire surface is covered. Top with a sprinkle of fresh thyme and black sesame seeds, if desired.
Put the baking sheet in the oven for about 20 minutes until the grissini are browned completely. Allow the grissini to cool completely before serving. If there are leftovers, do not put them in an airtight container. Wrap them in a cloth or parchment paper for a day or two: the crunchier the better.

Submitter: 
Buckwheat Queen
Description: 
Crunchy, thin breadsticks made with buckwheat flour and butter to give your appetizers or salads a new twist. Grissini are long, crunchy breadsticks from Torino, usually made with lard or oil. The butter lends a soft interior and a crunchy exterior while bursting with a creamy buttery flavor. These are perfect for serving prosciutto, olives and your favorite cheeses or just on their own. They are so easy to make, you can make them at the last minute but also store well, so they can even be made a few days ahead of time.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
