URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64589131/coq-au-vin/
Title:
Coq au Vin Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4-6 pieces of bacon, chopped
8 pieces chicken legs (or combination of legs and thighs)
1 teaspoon dried thyme
2 teaspoons dried oregano
1 teaspoon rosemary
1/2 teaspoon ground sage
Sea salt
Freshly ground black pepper
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 medium yellow onion, chopped
2 carrots, chopped
2 stalks celery, chopped
4 cloves garlic, minced
8 ounces mushrooms, sliced
1/2 cup red wine
1 cup chicken stock/broth
1 tablespoon arrowroot powder

Directions:
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Chop bacon in 2 inch pieces. In a large cast iron pan; heat to a medium temperature and cook bacon for 4 minutes. Just until it becomes to get tender (not brown). Take out of pan but leave bacon fat in pan.
In a small bowl combine, thyme, oregano, rosemary, sage, 1/2 teaspoon sea salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper.  Season the chicken with the seasonings.
Add olive oil to the pan (with the bacon fat)
Brown chicken for about 5 minutes on each side (you may need to do this in batches).
Remove chicken from pan and place on a large plate.
Add onion, carrots and celery to the pot and let cook for about 3 minutes then add in garlic while cooking for an additional minute.  Toss in mushrooms and stir to combine all of the ingredients.  Season with 1/2 teaspoon of salt and pepper.
Add chicken and bacon back into the pan.
Pour in wine and chicken broth and bring to a boil.  Add in arrowroot powder and stir around.
Cover the pan and place in the oven for 1 1/2 hour.
Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
This is just a great comfort dish that makes everyone's belly nice and warm with great taste!  Enjoy this one-pot recipe for your family.

I love using my Dutch Oven for this recipe then taking it to the table for family style dining!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1.5 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
