URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64587469/french-chicken-pot-pies/
Title:
French Chicken Pot Pies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 split (2 whole) chicken breasts, bone-in and skin-on (2.5 pounds)
Good olive oil
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter
4 cups chopped leeks, white and light green parts (4 leeks)
2 cups (1/2-inch diced) carrots (5 carrots)
4 teaspoons minced garlic (4 cloves)
8 ounces cremini mushrooms, stems discarded; sliced
1/4 cup minced fresh terragon leaves
1/3 cup all-purpose flour
2 1/2 cups good chicken stock, preferably homemade
6 tablespoons creamy sherry
1/2 cup heavy cream
1 (10-ouce) package frozen peas
3 sheets frozen puff pastry, defrosted
1 extra-large egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash
Fleur de sel

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
Pat the chicken dry with paper towels, place on a sheet pan, brush with olive oil, and sprinkle with salt and pepper.
Roast for 35 minutes, until cooked through.
Set aside until cool enough to handle. Discard the skin and bones and cut the meat in 3/4 inch dice. You should have about 5 cups of chicken.
Meanwhile, heat the butter in a medium heavy-bottomed pot or Dutch oven.
Add the leeks and carrots and saute over medium-high heat for 8-10 minutes, until they begin to soften.
Add the garlic, mushrooms, and tarragon and cook for 5 minutes.
Sprinkle on the flour and cook for 30 seconds, stirring constantly.
Add the chicken stock and sherry, bring to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer to 2  minutes, until the mixture is slightly thickened.
Add the cream, 2 teaspoons salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper and simmer for 5 minutes.
Stir in the frozen peas and chicken, taste for seasonings, and pour the mixture into six (2-cup) ovenproof serving bowls.
Raise the oven to 400 degrees.
On a lightly floured board, roll each pastry to an 11-inch square. Cut out 2 circles from each sheet of pastry that are each 1/2 inch larger than the rim of the bowl.
Brush the outer edges of the bowls with the egg wash.
Place a pastry circle over each bowl, adhering it with the egg wash.
Brush the pastry with egg wash and sprinkle with fleur de sel and pepper.
Make three 1-inch slits in each pastry for steam to escape
Refrigerate the pot pies for at least 30 minutes.
Place on a sheet pan lined with parchment paper and bake for 30-40  minutes, until the crust is golden brown and the filling is bubbly. Serve hot.
Make it ahead: assemble the pot pies completely, cover tightly, and refrigerate for up to a day or freeze for up to a  month. Defrost overnight in the fridge (if frozen) and bake before serving/

Submitter: 
Tori Spice
Description: 
from Make It Ahead/Ina Garten
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
