URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64582171/homemade-matcha-pasta-with-spicy-sesame-sauce/
Title:
Homemade Matcha Pasta with Spicy Sesame Sauce Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3662107.jpg
Ingredients:
Pasta Ingredients: 2 cups all-purpose flour
2 large eggs
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
1/4 cup water
1 tablespoon sesame oil
1 tablespoon culinary matcha powder
Sauce Ingredients: 1/4 cup soy sauce
2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar
1 tablespoon sesame oil
2 garlic cloves minced into a paste
2 tablespoons freshly grated ginger
1/4-1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes
1/4 cup green onions (about 2) thinly sliced
2 tablespoons toasted black sesame seeds

Directions:
For the Pasta, Add all Ingredients into a large food processor (starting with flour on the bottom). Pulse until dough comes together. Blend until the dough starts to form a ball, stopping periodically to scrape down the sides. Continue to blend for 15 seconds to "knead" the dough.
Take out the dough and form into a ball. (If your dough is still grainy looking, knead it with your hands until tight and glossy.) Wrap with plastic wrap and let rest for 1 hour. Cut the dough into 4 sections, roll each piece into a ball, and flatten out with your hands.
Run each piece of dough through your pasta machine on the largest setting. Fold into thirds and run it through a second time. Run the dough through once on each decreasing size, until the dough is very thin (If your machine goes up to size 7, then it will probably be thin enough at size 5 or 6).
Cut your pasta sheets in half to create a more manageable size, and run them through the fettuccini pasta cutter. Spread out your pasta so that they aren't clumped together. Alternatively, you can let your pasta dry overnight by laying the noodles over a broom handle, laid across 2 chairs.
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil and cook the pasta for 3-4 minutes, or until "al dente". Fresh pasta takes very little time to cook, so keep tasting it for "doneness" so it doesn't overcook and become mushy! Drain, but do not rinse.
For the Sauce, Whisk together all ingredients, besides green onions and sesame seeds. Pour over the cooked pasta and sprinkle the green onions and sesame seeds over the pasta. This pasta can be served warm, room temperature, or cold.

Submitter: 
FullLeafTea
Description: 
The matcha powder turns these noodles bright green, and gives them the slightest “matcha” taste. Healthy benefits of matcha in a delicious pasta!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
2 h
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
