URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64584177/awesome-hot-artichoke-spinach-dip/
Title:
Awesome Hot Artichoke & Spinach Dip Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 Whole Head of Garlic
Olive Oil for Drizzling over Garlic
2 (10 Ounce) Packages Frozen Chopped Spinach, Thawed and Squeezed Dry
2 (14 Ounce) Cans Artichoke Hearts, Drained and Chopped
8 Ounces Cream Cheese @ Room Temperature
1 Cup Shredded Mozzarella Cheese
1 Cup Shredded Parmesan Cheese
1/4 Teaspoon White Pepper
1 Tablespoon Lemon Juice
2/3 Cup Green Onion, White and Light Green Parts Chopped
1/2 Cup Sour Cream
1/2 Cup Mayonaise
1/2 Cup Greek Yogurt
Dash of Hot Sauce, optional

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
Cut top head of garlic off about 1/4 from the top.
Place garlic on sheet of aluminum foil and drizzle with olive oil.
Wrap garlic in aluminum foil and bake for 1 hour.
While garlic is roasting, prepare rest of ingredients.
HINT: Before chopping artichoke hearts, use a salad spinner to remove excess liquid.
In a large mixing bowl, add spinach, artichoke and rest of the ingredients together; including roasted garlic. When garlic is finished roasting, reduce oven heat to 350 degrees F.
Mix thoroughly.
Spoon mixture into square casserole dish and bake in preheated oven for 45 minutes to an hour. Aluminum foil can be used to keep dip from drying out too much. Removed foil after about 30 to 45 minutes of baking.
Serve hot with your choice of tortilla chips, cracker or even vegetables.

Submitter: 
Christine W
Description: 
I developed this recipe after trying several others and wanted a more interesting flavor and texture. This makes quite a large dish of dip so feel free to halve the recipe or freeze one half for another time. Roasting the garlic adds depth of flavor. The number of servings is an estimate. I made this large dip for a small party.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 m
Ready in:
2 h 30 m
Number of servings: 
48
Nutritional Facts:
NA
