URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64589067/balsamic-braised-short-ribs/
Title:
Balsamic Braised Short Ribs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3761417.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil
3-4 pounds short ribs, bone-in
2 teaspoons sea salt
1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 medium onion, chopped
2 cloves garlic, minced
2-3 bay leaves
1/2 cup red wine
1 1/2 cup beef broth
3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar

Directions:
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.
Prepare your Dutch oven by adding oil to coat the bottom of the pan over medium heat.
Season both sides of the short ribs with salt and pepper.  Add each piece of short rib into the pan and sear each side for about 3-4 minutes.  Work in batches if they all don't fit into the pan. (do not overcrowd)
Once all the meat is cook add any you took out back into the pan.  (Just stack them) then add in the bay leaves, onions and garlic.  Let cook for about 2-3 minutes then add in red wine.  Let the wine come to a boil then add in beef broth and balsamic vinegar.
Cover and bring to a boil.  Keeping the pan covered place in your oven for 3 hours.  Remove the cover and cook for an additional 30 minutes.
Enjoy with your favorite side!  I made a creamy polenta.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
My husband loves short ribs and every time we go out to dinner and they are on the menu he wants to try them - just to check if they are better than mine!  I really wish he would stop doing that because he is always disappointed!  I try to tell him to order something else but he never listens...   

I have another great short rib recipe but made this one a little different and we really liked the balsamic glaze.

Tip: Buy a little extra as they are even better the next day!  Also, when at the butcher I like then a little smaller as they fit in the pan better.  If they only have the longer 
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
4.5 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
