URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64592503/asian-noodle-salad/
Title:
Asian Noodle Salad Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3807456.jpg
Ingredients:
6 ½ oz Lo Mein Egg Noodles
2 Carrots or 1 Cup Pre-Shredded Carrots
1 Cucumber
½ Head of Red Cabbage
1 Red Bell Pepper
1 Tablespoon Cilantro
1 Chicken Breast, cooked and chopped
1 Tablespoon Basil
1 Teaspoon Sunflower
3/4 Cup Sweet & Tangy Asian Dressing:
3 Tablespoons Soy Sauce (I use Tamari Sauce)
1 Tablespoon Fish Sauce
5 Tablespoons Lime Juice (You can use bottled lime juice if you don’t have limes on hand)
1 Tablespoon Honey
2 Tablespoon Mirin Sauce
4 Tablespoons Rice Vinegar
1 Garlic Clove (You can use jarred chopped garlic if you don’t have fresh garlic on hand)
½ Jalapeno (seeds removed to make less spicy), chopped
1 Teaspoon Cilantro, chopped
½ Tablespoon Basil, chopped

Directions:
To make the Sweet & Tangy Asian Dressing:
Mix soy sauce, fish sauce, lime juice, honey, mirin sauce, rice vinegar, chopped garlic, chopped jalapeno, chopped cilantro, and chopped basil.  Store for at least 30 minutes in refrigerator before serving.
To make the noodles:
Bring pot of water to a boil. Add noodles and boil for 3 minutes. Remove from heat and drain water from pot. Rinse noodles with cold water. Let noodles cool.
To make the salad:
Julienne or slice the cucumber and carrots (a quick way to slice them is to use a potato peeler).
Thinly slice red bell pepper.
Chop cilantro, and basil.
Cut cabbage head in half then thinly slice cabbage.
Combine all vegetables and herbs into a large bowl and mix well.
To serve:
Put ½ cup cooked noodles in a bowl, top with salad mix, ¼ cup diced chicken, dash of sunflower seeds, and top with Sweet and Tangy Asian Dressing.
Note: To keep salad fresh, store noodles separate from salad mix in the refrigerator.

Submitter: 
Bites of Flavor
Description: 
Asian Noodle Salad - Weight Watcher friendly recipe that is EASY to make and delicious! Great way to enjoy a healthy salad. Only 6 SmartPoints per serving.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
