URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64590559/paleo-seafood-chili/
Title:
Paleo Seafood Chili Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3780051.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoons olive or coconut oil
1 large onion, chopped
3 garlic cloves, minced
1 red bell pepper, bite size chopped
1 green bell pepper, bite size chopped
2 stalks celery, chopped
1 15 ounce can diced tomatoes
1 cup chicken or vegetables broth
3/4 teaspoon cayenne peppers
1 tablespoon dried parsley
2 teaspoons chili powder
1 tablespoon tomato paste
1 1/2 teaspoons sea salt, divided
1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, divided
1/2 pound shrimp, deveined
1/2 pound sea scallops, rinsed, patted dry, and cut in 1/2
1/2 pound haddock/cod, chopped

Directions:
Heat the oil in a large heavy saucepan or Dutch oven over medium high heat.
When hot, add the onion, garlic, peppers and celery.  Cook for about 3-4 minutes stirring often with a wooden spoon.  Season with 1/2 teaspoon of sea salt and pepper.
Add in the can of diced tomatoes and broth.  Bring to a high simmer then lower to a medium-low.  Add in cayenne pepper, parsley, chili powder then stir and cook for about 15 minutes.  The sauce will begin to thicken.  Add in tomato paste and stir around and press with the back of a spoon to let dissolve into the liquid.
Season the scallops and haddock with salt and pepper.  Add shrimp, scallops and haddock into the pan and let cook for about 7 minutes on a medium temperature.  The shrimp will become pink.  Taste for any additional seasonings.
Reduce to low until ready and ladle into bowls!  Enjoy

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
Why be traditional during a football game with a meat chili!  Everyone makes one...  Go ahead and make my Paleo Seafood Chili.  It is hearty and full of flavor.

Thank you City Fish for the amazing and fresh seafood!  

If you are adding beans in your diet then go ahead and drain a can of red kidney beans and add to the pot.  Enjoy and go Patriots!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
