URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64596525/basil-and-garlic-jelly/
Title:
Basil and garlic Jelly Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/4 cup unsweetened pure apple juice
1 cup filtered water
2 cups tightly packed fresh basil leaves
4 large garlic cloves
1/4 tsp kosher or pickling salt
1/4 cup bottled lemon juice
1/2 cup sugar
1 box of pomona's pectin
5 - 125ml jars with seals and screw bands

Directions:
Lightly Crush each garlic clove with a heavy object and place in a small pot.
Crush and tear the basil leaves to release the natural oils. Add to pot along with the apple juice, water, and salt.
Bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Once the mixture boils, turn off heat and cover. Set aside to steep for at least 10 minutes.
Wash jars and lids well in hot soapy water.  Place lids in a small pot and cover with water. Keep over medium-low heat until needed.
Place jars in a large pot and fully cover with water. Heat on high until it comes to a boil.
While waiting for the water to boil, remove the packets from the box of Pomona's Pectin.
Mix 2 tsp of pectin powder with the sugar in a small bowl. Set aside.
Mix 1/4 tsp calcium powder with 1/4 cup filtered water in a small bowl. Mix very well.
With a fine mesh sieve, strain and reserve the basil liquid. Squeeze any excess moisture from the solids before discarding.
Measure out 2 cups of basil liquid. Add to a medium sized pot along with the lemon juice and 2 tsp of calcium water.
Store the remaining calcium water in the refrigerator for another recipe.
Over medium-high heat bring the jelly to a full boil that cannot be stirred down.
Add the sugar/pectin mix. Stir well, making sure that the sugar dissolves fully, and the jelly is smooth.
Skim off and discard any foam.
Remove a jar from the boiling water bath. Fill with jelly, leaving 1/4 inch head space. With a clean, damp cloth or paper towel wipe the rim of the jar, making sure any reside is removed.
Carefully place a seal and screw band on and tighten gently until resistance is met. Do not over tighten.
Add to water.
Repeat with remaining jars.
Process for 10 minutes.
Carefully remove and allow to rest and seal.
Once the jars have cooled the screw bands can be tightened.
Jars that do not seal must be refrigerated and eaten within one month.

Submitter: 
CarolynCooks
Description: 
This  jelly has a wonderful garlic and fresh basil flavor.  It is made with a special kind of pectin called Pomona's Pectin. It does not require sugar to jell, so the finished product is much less sweet then herbal jellies made with traditional pectin. This savoury treat pairs well with both meat and cheese and makes a great gift. Unlike most jams and jellies, this recipe can be doubled safely. Please do not substitute a different variety of pectin. It will not work.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
