URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64598530/southern-living-hummingbird-cake/
Title:
Southern Living Hummingbird Cake Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
3 cups all-purpose flour
2 cups sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
3 large eggs, beaten
11/2 cups vegetable oil
1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 (8-ounce) can crushed pineapple, undrained
2 cups chopped bananas
1 cup chopped pecans
SHORTENING
Cream Cheese Frosting
1/2 cup chopped pecan

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350°. Whisk together flour and next 4 ingredients in a large bowl; add eggs and oil, stirring just until dry ingredients are moistened. Stir in vanilla, pineapple, bananas, and 1 cup chopped toasted pecans. Spoon batter into 3 well-greased (with shortening) and floured 9-inch round cake pans.
Bake at 350° for 25-30 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in center comes our clean. Cool cake layers in pans on wire racks 10 minutes; remove from pans to wire racks, and cool completely (about 1 hour).
Place 1 cake layer on a serving platter. Spread 1 cup Cream Cheese Frosting over cake layer. Top with second layer, and spread 1 cup frosting over cake layer. Top with third cake layer, and spread top and sides of cake with remaining frosting. Arrange toasted pecan halves in a circular pattern over top of cake.

Submitter: 
Gina Lee Lafreniere
Description: 
This gorgeous and classic cake is all thanks to Mrs. L.H. Wiggins of Greensboro, North Carolina, who allowed this pineapple-banana spice cake with cream cheese frosting to become one of our most requested recipes. While there are many different variations of this delicious recipe out there now, we still stand by Mrs. Wiggins' original, indulgent creation. With a unique warm and spiced flavor and a moist banana and pineapple interior, this cake is a true Southern gem
Get Ingredients Powered by Chicory
Southern Living
FEBRUARY 2016
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 min
Ready in:
3 hrs
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
