URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64599906/crispy-ritz-cracker-chicken/
Title:
Crispy Ritz Cracker Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
INGREDIENTS
PREPARATION
Recipe adapted from Bitz & Giggles
? 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts
? 1 sleeve ritz crackers, crushed
? 2 cups cheddar cheese, grated
? 1/4 cup milk
? 1 large egg
? Sauce:
? 1 ?10 oz.? can cream of chicken soup
? 1/4 cup milk
? 2 tablespoons sour cream
? 2 tablespoons unsalted butter
? Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste

Directions:
1 Preheat oven to 400º F
2 Combine egg and 1/4 milk in a small, shallow bowl and whisk together until fully incorporated.
3 Place grated cheddar cheese in a second, shallow bowl, then place crushed ritz crackers in a third.
4 Take your ?seasoned? chicken breasts and dip them in egg wash, making sure to coat both sides.
5 Shake off excess egg, then coat chicken in grated cheddar cheese.
6 Transfer chicken to crush ritz crackers, make sure to coat all sides. Press firmly so cracker crumbs adhere to meat.
7 Transfer chicken to a lightly greased baking sheet and bake for 30-35 minutes, or until chicken is cooked through.
While chicken is baking, combine soup, milk, sour cream and butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat and
cook, stirring frequently, until melted and smooth.
8
9 Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to low and simmer for 5-10 minutes, or until thickened.
10 Taste and adjust seasoning, if necessary.
11 Remove chicken from oven and serve hot, with creamy sauce drizzled over the top.
12 Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Gina Lee Lafreniere
Description: 
Ritz crackers aren’t just something to whip out as appetizers anymore, they have such a yummy, rich flavor, that we love repurposing them in unexpected ways…it makes for a fun twist when you’re cooking, plus you can’t go wrong with these delectable, buttery crackers!

Here, we crushed up a sleeve of crackers and used them as breading for our chicken breasts. Combined with a delightfully rich sauce, we’ve got a perfect balance of crunchy and crispy versus smooth and creamy. Trust us, if you haven’t already gotten creative with these crackers yet, now’s the time to try…this makes for a perfect
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
40
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
