URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64590579/seafood-casserole/
Title:
Seafood Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3780149.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 pound, large shrimp (fresh)
1 pound sea scallops
1 teaspoon sea salt
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 cup dry white wine
1 small yellow onion, chopped
1 cup mushrooms, sliced
1/4 cup fresh parsley, chopped
6 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided
3/4 cup coconut milk or cream
1 tablespoon arrowroot powder
1 lemon, juiced
1/2 cup swiss cheese, sliced (optional)
1/4 cup almond meal
1 teaspoon dried parsley
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon garlic powder

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. F  Peel and devein shrimp.  Add to a colander and quickly rinse. Remove the mussel from each scallop and if they are large cut in half or even quarter.   Set aside!
In a dutch oven or braising pan (or any oven safe pan) over medium heat add in oil.  Once hot add in shrimp and scallops.  Cook for about 2 minutes.  Season with salt and pepper.
Add in onions, mushrooms, parsley and 2 tablespoons butter.  Let cook for for 2 minutes. Pour in wine and let simmer for 2-3 minutes.
Keeping the heat on medium add in coconut milk whisking until the mixture begins to thicken; about 2 minutes. Add in arrowroot powder to thicken and stir in lemon juice.  Top with slices of swiss cheese.
In a small bowl combine almond meal, parsley, basil, garlic powder and thyme.  Add to the top of the casserole.
Cut the remaining butter into cubes then top over the almond meal then bake for 30 minutes.  Let rest for 5 minutes then serve and enjoy.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
Fresh shrimp and scallops from City Fish Market, Wethersfield, CT in this creamy casserole baked to perfection will be a crowd pleaser. A perfect one pot dish..

(The swiss cheese really brings this dish together)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
