URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64590543/old-fashioned-chicken-soup-with-paleo-herb-dumplings/
Title:
Old-Fashioned Chicken Soup with Paleo Herb Dumplings Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3779996.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons olive oil or coconut oil
6 carrots
2 large onions
2 leeks
4 celery ribs
1 whole chicken, about 5 pounds
Water
4 cloves garlic
1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes, optional
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon dried thyme
1 teaspoon dried oregano
Salt
Pepper
--------------------------------------------
1 cup almond flour/meal
1/2 cup arrowroot fl our
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
3/4 teaspoon kosher salt
1/2 teaspoon pepper
1 teaspoon parsley
1/2 teaspoon basil
1/2 teaspoon thyme
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes, optional
2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled
1 large egg
Water

Directions:
Peel and chop 2 carrots then peel and chop 1 onion.  Trim and chop the leeks and rinse off the grit in a bowl.  Set the remaining vegetables to the side.
Add oil to your large pan and once hot add in vegetables.  Season with 1 teaspoon of salt and 1/2 teaspoon of pepper.  Cook for about 5 minutes then remove from pan and place in a bowl.  Set aside.
Take your chicken and rinse with cold water then place in the pan and chop the carrots, onion, celery and leek leave then toss in the pan with garlic cloves, 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon of pepper.  Heat over a medium temperature, cover and cook for 1 hour. Let cool for a few minutes then carefully remove the chicken and place in a large bowl.  Use a slotted spoon and remove the vegetables.
Pull chicken apart and add to the broth along with the vegetables.  Add in red pepper flakes, parsley, thyme and oregano.  Cover and simmer for 15 minutes while you make the dumplings.
To make the dumplings add almond flour, arrowroot, baking soda, salt, pepper, parsley, basil, thyme, garlic powder and red pepper flakes in a mixing bowl.  Use a fork to combine and ensure flour is smooth.  Mix in the butter to combine then add the egg and mix well into the batter.  Add about 2 tablespoons of water and mix.  If still dry add a couple more tablespoons one at a time.  No more than 1/4 cup.  You don't want too much liquid.
Bring the soup to a high simmer then add in tea spoon drops of dumpling mixture to the pot.  Cover for 5 minutes then remove lid, ladle into a bowl and enjoy!

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
I am calling this old-fashioned because my Nana made it this way and she had it on the stove simmering all day!  I made this soup in one-pot using my favorite Dutch Oven and my favorite spices!

My granddaughter Brooke and I have developed a special bond which makes me so happy because it resembles the relationship I had with my Nana.  I just wish she didn't live so far away from me.  I cherish all of our time together and we love to cook and we made this yummy soup together!  OMG I never saw a 10 year old devour so much soup in one sitting!  She said, I can't stop eating.. Love her so muc
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
