URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64592561/kitchen-style-mongolian-grill/
Title:
Kitchen-Style Mongolian Grill Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 cups soba noodles, cooked
2 cups white rice, cooked
2 medium zucchini, halved lengthwise and chopped
8 oz. fresh white mushrooms, sliced
2 cups broccoli, small crowns
2 cups fresh bean sprouts
OPTIONAL VEGETABLES:
1/2 lb. snow peas (or sugar snap peas)
1 cup onion, sliced
1 cup celery, sliced
1 cup  fresh carrots, thinly sliced
1 bell pepper, sliced
SAUCE:
1 TBSP sugar
1/2 cup water
1 tsp sesame oil
1 TBSP rice vinegar
1-2 tsp ground ginger
1 TBSP fresh garlic, chopped or minced
1 TBSP chili  garlic sauce (Sprout's)
1 TBSP oyster sauce
1/2 cup low sodium soy sauce
Peanut oil (optional)
1/3 lb meat per person, very thinly sliced (beef and/or chicken)
sesame seeds, toast ahead of time if desired

Directions:
Cook the rice and soba noodles.  Set aside and keep warm.
Line vegetables up in bowls, buffet style.
Mix 1/2 cup "almost" boiling water with the sugar to dissolve it.  Set aside to cool while you mix the 7 remaining ingredients for the sauce.  Add the sugar water to complete the sauce.
Ok...Here we go!  Have each person grab a bowl and pick the veggies they want in their Mongolian grill.  Ask if they want chicken or beef, but DON'T add it to their bowl.
Get your station ready!  Meats, sauce (with a small ladle), and a bowl of water next to the stove.  You will need to ladle a little water into your pan during cooking.  And a great big skillet, or wok if you have one.
Heat skillet over high heat.  After it is hot add a little peanut oil (if using) to the skillet.  Toss in one person's meat selection and about 3 tablespoons sauce (no need to measure) and keep stirring until outside of meat starts to look about 1/2 done.  About 2 minutes, or less.
Quickly add that person's vegetable selection and a little more sauce.  Keep stirring until veggies are tender-crisp and meat is cooked.  About 2 to 3 more minutes, but times will vary.  You may also need to add a little more sauce or water if your skillet gets too dry.....water for less intense flavor, sauce for more intense flavor.  Your choice.
Transfer to bowl with soba noodles or rice and sprinkle with sesame seeds.
Repeat for next person.
This recipe is great if you have one of those big outdoor griddles.  This would be my first choice in making this recipe so you could make everyone's at the same time.

Submitter: 
SusieQ
Description: 
Better than the chinese restaurant!!!  Just pick your meat and veggies and go.  And I've taken the guesswork out of which sauces to use so it's perfect every time.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
