URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64598936/big-rays-crispy-crock-pot-carnitas/
Title:
Big Ray's Crispy Crock Pot Carnitas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3911184.jpg
Ingredients:
1 Tbsp olive oil
1 (4-5 pound) lean boneless pork roast, excess fat trimmed, cut into 3-inch chunks
1 cup beer (or chicken stock)
1 medium white onion, diced
4 cloves garlic, peeled and minced
1 chipotle in adobo sauce, minced
2 tsp cumin
1 tsp black pepper
1 tsp chili powder
1 1/2 tsp salt

Directions:
Heat oil in a large saute pan over high heat. Add the pork and sear on each side until browned (about 1-2 minutes per side). Transfer pork to the slow cooker.
Add the remaining ingredients to the slow cooker, and give the mixture a stir to combine. Cook on low for 6-8 hours or on high for 4-5 hours until the pork is completely tender and shreds easily with a fork.
Once the pork is cooked, preheat your broiler to high heat and prepare two baking sheets with aluminum foil. Use a fork to shred the meat into bite-sized pieces, and then use a slotted spoon to transfer it to the prepared baking sheets, spreading the pork in an even layer and leaving the juices behind in the slow cooker.  (Don't discard the juices, we're going to use them later!)
Place one sheet under the broiler for about 5 minutes, or until the edges of the pork begin browning and crisping up. Remove the sheet from the oven, then ladle about 1/4 cup of the juices from the slow cooker evenly over the pork, and then give it a good toss with some tongs.  Broil for an additional 5 minutes to get the meat more crispy. Then remove and ladle an additional 1/4 cup of broth over the crispy pork.
Repeat with the other baking sheet of pork.
Serve immediately in tacos, burritos, salads, or whatever sounds good to you!  This pork can also be refrigerated in a sealed container for up to 3 days, or frozen in a sealed container for up to 3 months.

Submitter: 
bfr610
Description: 
A flavorful and easy way to make tender, juicy, and crispy carnitas using your slow cooker!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
