URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64590566/pork-chops-kale-and-mushroom-in-a-spicy-broth/
Title:
Pork Chops, Kale and Mushroom in a Spicy Broth Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3780084.jpg
Ingredients:
4 bone in pork chops
1 teaspoon sea salt, and more
3/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, and more
1-2 tablespoons olive oil
1 tablespoon unsalted butter
1 large shallot, chopped
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 bunch kale, rib removed and chopped
2 cups baby bella mushrooms, sliced
1 red pepper, thinly sliced
1 onion, thinly sliced
1/2 - 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes
2 cups low sodium chicken broth
2 teaspoons Dijon mustard
1 teaspoon arrowroot powder

Directions:
Heat a large pan over medium-high heat.  Season both sides of the pork chops with salt and pepper.
Add olive oil and butter in the pan.  Once the butter is melted and really hot add in the pork chops.  Cook the first side for about 2 minutes or until nice and brown.  Flip over to cook the other side.
Add in shallot and garlic and let cook for 1 minutes then add in kale, mushrooms, peppers and onions.  Cover and let cook for about 5 minutes.  Toss around and add in about 1/2 teaspoon of salt and pepper then red pepper flakes.
(If you want a little heat add in some red pepper flakes)
Pour in chicken broth and Dijon mustard then bring to a high simmer then lower temperature.  Stir in arrowroot and let it thicken.  Let broth reduce by 1/2.
Serve 2 pork chops in a pasta bowl and top with vegetables and broth.  Enjoy

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
Here is another one pot recipe that you can prepare, cook and serve in 30 minutes with no mess to clean after!  Just the pot and your plates.  Enjoy this paleo recipe for 2!  

If you want to know my secret ingredient to make the sauce in this dish and some of my others extremely special...   It's adding a little Dijon Mustard in the broth.  I promise once you try it - You will add it to many of your dishes!  Go ahead..  try it..
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
