URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64598616/zucchini-ravioli-with-mince-beef-and-feta-filling/
Title:
Zucchini Ravioli with Mince Beef and Feta Filling Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3906345.jpg
Ingredients:
For the filling:
400g Mince Beef (leaner the better)
1x Onion Diced
1tbsp Coconut Oil
1 Garlic Clove
1x Chilli Pepper
Block of Feta
100ml Passata
1tsp Turmeric
1tsp Ground Black Pepper
1tsp Cumin
1tsp Coriander
For the rest:
400ml Passata
2-3 Medium Courgettes
Option: Basil and Grated Cheese for topping

Directions:
Preheat the Oven to 200 degrees Celsius. Begin by chopping and crushing the garlic, and put in a pan with the coconut oil on a medium heat.
Dice the onion and add to the hot pan, allow to soften for 1 – 2 minutes and then add the minced beef.
Allow the mince to brown nicely, and then add the spices and passata. Cook for a further few minutes until fully cooked and take off the heat and leave to one side.
Get an oven proof dish and coat the bottom in passata.
Using a vegetable peeler, peel large flat ribbons off of the courgettes. Using two pieces in a “+” shape, place a piece of feta in the middle and a large teaspoon of the cooked beef.
Carefully wrap the ends of the courgette ribbons over the top to form a nice parcel, and transfer to the prepared oven dish.
If the parcel won’t stay wrapped up, try removing some filling or using a cocktail stick to keep it closed.
Once all parcels have been made (stop whenever you feel like you’ve made enough), cover in more passata, then basil and grated cheese.
Cook in the oven for approximately 15-20 minutes or until the passata has thickened and the cheese has gone golden.
Serve immediately on its own or with a side salad. Bon apetit!

Submitter: 
HealthFoodHype
Description: 
Once again zucchini (courgette) to the rescue, providing a really good alternative to standard carb and gluten heavy pasta. The prep work for these isn’t as bad as it looks and they make surprisingly tasty parcels, which you can fill with basically what ever you like. Ricotta and spinach would make a quick and tasty vegetarian alternative. Adding these spices to the beef brings out a lot of Greek-style flavours which compliments the feta perfectly, and if you have any leftover you can easily add a bit more passata and veg to it the next day for a quick chilli.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
