URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64592054/gf-meaty-vegan-balls/
Title:
GF Meaty "vegan" balls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3800617.jpg
Ingredients:
1 cup green lentils, rinsed & drained
¼ cup quinoa, rinsed and drained
1 Tbsp olive oil for cooking onions + 2-3 Tbsp for sautéing lentil balls
1 yellow onion, minced
1 tsp garlic powder
1½ Tbsp Italian seasonings
¼ cup sunflower seeds, ground to a fine powder
¼ cup fresh basil, thinly sliced + extra for garnish
Sea Salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Rinse and drain the lentils, cook according to package with a few added minutes to make them easier to mash.
Drain the excess water, transfer to a large bowl and mash with the back of a fork until you don't see anymore whole beans.
Rinse and drain quinoa. Cook according to package directions using organic veggie stock to add another layer of flavor, add to the bowl with the mashed lentils.
Mince onion, saute in olive oil in a large pan, over medium heat for 8 minutes. Add onions to the bowl with lentils and quinoa.
Don't wash or drain the pan because you're going to cook the lentil balls in the reserved onion infused olive oil.
Use a food processor to blend the sunflower seeds to a fine powder, add to the bowl.
Add basil, Italian seasonings, garlic powder, salt and pepper to lentil mix. Using your hands, mix until everything is completely combined.
If the mixture feels dry to you, add 1 tbsp olive oil to the mixture.
Form medium sized balls and shape with your hands. Once all balls are shaped, add a little more olive oil to the pan and arrange your lentil balls in the pan.
Cook for 8-10 minutes, occasionally turn the balls carefully to let all sides brown.
Serve immediately over GF pasta (we use Korean sweet potato starch noodles)

Submitter: 
Lori Rowley-Sipple
Description: 
These are an amazing replacement for those watching their red meat intake or are living a gluten free lifestyle. You can modify these so easily to change the flavor profile.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 m
Ready in:
1 h 5 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
