URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64590708/mashed-potatoes-with-italian-turkey-meatballs-and-tomato-gravy/
Title:
Mashed Potatoes with Italian Turkey Meatballs and Tomato Gravy Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3782258.jpg
Ingredients:
4 servings of prepared mashed potatoes
1 lb ground Turkey
1 egg
1/4 cup bread crumbs
2 tablespoons grated parmesan and Romano cheese
2 teaspoons Italian seasoning
1 clove garlic, minced
1/2 teaspoon black pepper
1/4 teaspoon salt
16 ounce can of diced tomatoes
8 ounce can tomato sauce
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley to garnish (optional)
Grated parmesan and Romano cheese for serving

Directions:
Prepare your mashed potatoes, I peeled six potatoes, boiled for 15 minutes. Drained and mashed with two generous tablespoons butter and enough milk to make potatoes fluffy. Do this during the same time you make the meatballs and gravy.
To make tomato gravy, get a large pan, add diced tomatoes, sauce and 1/2 cup water, simmer over low heat. Keep at a simmer while you make your meatballs.
To make meatballs get a mixing bowl. Add ground Turkey, egg, bread crumbs, cheese, seasoning, garlic, pepper, and salt. Mix until everything is fully incorporated.
Take a goofball sized of Turkey mix and roll in around in your hands to make a meatball. Gently drop into the simmering tomato gravy. Do this with the rest of the mix.
Cook meatballs covered for 15 minutes, stir or shake the pan every once and a while during the cooking time.
To plate get a heaping pile of potatoes, nestle meatballs on top, top with some gravy. Garnish with parsley (if desired ) and grated parmesan Romano cheese. I served this with green beans.

Submitter: 
Jessie D.
Description: 
This was something I came up with one hectic night. I didn't have enough time to cook meatloaf, it was late so what was a mother to do ? This was the result.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
30
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
