URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64590580/seared-lobster-tails-with-garden-vegetables/
Title:
Seared Lobster Tails with Garden Vegetables Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3780153.jpg
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon olive oil
3-4 slices pancetta, 1/4 inch thick
2 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided
1/3 cup yellow onion, diced
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 jalapeño seeded and minced
1 scallion, thinly sliced
1 teaspoon fresh rosemary, minced
2 sprigs fresh thyme
1 medium summer squash sliced
1 medium zucchini, sliced
2 (8 oz) lobster tails
1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved
1 teaspoon sea salt, divided
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, divided

Directions:
Chop up pancetta.  Heat a large pan over medium heat then add in olive oil. Once hot add in pancetta and cook until crispy.  Remove from pan using a slotted spoon and pace on a plate lined with a paper towel.  Keep the fat in the pan.
Keep the heat on medium and add in 1 tablespoon of butter and let it get hot and melt.  Add in onions and cook for about 3 minutes then add in garlic, jalapeño and garlic.  Cook for about 1 minute.  Add in scallion, rosemary and thyme along with 1/2 teaspoon sea salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper.
Add the summer squash and zucchini to the pan and sauté until they start to brown, about 6 minutes. Season with a little salt as well. Remove vegetables from pan and place in a bowl then set aside.
Slice the lobster tails down the center, lengthwise.   Add the remaining butter to the pan and let it get really hot Place the lobster tails, meat side down into the pan. Add the tomatoes. Season with  1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon of pepper. Sear the lobster tails until the shells turn bright red, about 5 minutes. Remove tails from pan.
Add the vegetables in the pan with the tomatoes and bring to a warm temperature over a medium heat.  Remove the meat from the tails.
To serve divide the vegetables to each plate then top with a lobster tail and add some pancetta.  If you have any fresh herbs add them as well then enjoy!

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
This recipe is just screaming summer at the lake dinner for 2 and perfect for your Paleo Everyday to Gourmet!

Of course all of the lobster for this recipe came from our friends at City Fish!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
