URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64590547/open-face-turkey-pie/
Title:
Open Face Turkey Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3780006.jpg
Ingredients:
2 heads caulifower
2 tablespoon unsalted butter
Salt and Pepper
1 teaspoon garlic powder
2 tablespoon olive oil
1 pound ground turkey, dark meat
1 yellow onion, chopped
2 carrots, chopped
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 teaspoon sea salt, plus more
3/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, plus more
2 teaspoons Italain seasoning
1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes
1/2 cup low sodium vegetable or chicken stock
2 tablespoons unsalted butter
1 cup frozen peas

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Cut the cauliflower into florets and add to a microwave safe bowl.  Add 1/2 cup of water and microwave for 5-7 minutes; until fork tender.  Drain and add back into the bowl.
Mash with a fork and add in 1/2 teaspoon of salt and pepper then garlic powder.  Taste for any additional seasonings. Set aside.
Add oil to your braising pan (or large pan) over medium heat and add ground turkey.  Cook for about 6 minutes breaking apart into small pieces with a wooden spoon.
Add in onions and carrots and continue cooking for 2 minutes.  Add in garlic, salt, pepper, Italian seasonings and red pepper flakes.  Continue cooking for another 2 minutes.  Pour in stock and let reduce for 5 minutes.  Remove mixture from pan and place in a bowl.  Add butter and peas to the bowl and combine.  Wipe pan with a paper towel.
Drizzle a little oil to coat a braising pan.  Add mashed cauliflower in the pan to cover and add a little extra to create a crust around the top of the pan.  Add turkey and vegetables into the middle of the pan and bake for 40 minutes.  Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
You have heard about the cottage pie and shepherds pie and these two recipes I prepared with sweet potatoes.

It has been really cold here in Connecticut and I have been cleaning out my freezer and creating new recipes. Using 2 heads of cauliflower to create this yummy crust to surround ground turkey and vegetables in a thick chicken stock made this a great dinner.  I also love that using my beautiful braising pan it was perfect from the stove to the table!  Also, I am going to show you how to make this in 1 pot!  Enjoy
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
