URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64590567/pork-cutlet-with-baby-potatoes-and-italian-herbs/
Title:
Pork Cutlet with baby potatoes and Italian herbs Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3780098.jpg
Ingredients:
3-4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided
1 small bag colored baby potatoes
Sea salt
Freshly ground pepper
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon dried parsley
1 teaspoon dried thyme
1/4-1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes, optional
2 pieces boneless center cut pork chops
1 large egg
1/2 cup Italian style breadcrumbs

Directions:
Heat a large braising pan over medium-high heat then add in about 2 tablespoons of extra-virgin olive oil.  Toss in the potatoes and season with 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1/2 teaspoon of pepper and let cook for about 7 minutes; tossing around often
Add in the garlic and toss around then season with basil, parsley, thyme and red pepper flakes.  Let cook for another 5 minutes then remove with a large spoon and let sit in a bowl.
Take the pork and place on a clean work board. Cover with clear wrap or parchment paper and use your mallet to pound about 1/4 inch thick flipping once. Season each side lightly with salt and pepper.
Take 2 plates and whisk the egg in one and add the breadcrumbs to the other.  Add 2 more tablespoons of oil to the pan over medium-high heat.  Dip the pork in the egg and coat both sides then dredge into the breadcrumbs.  Add to the pan and cook for 3 minutes then flip over.
Add the potatoes back into the pan while you cook the other side for 3 minutes.  Press a fork into the potatoes and check their doneness.  If they need more time cover for 3-5 minutes and lower the temperature to medium.
Serve with a side of arugula and drizzle with remaining extra-virgin olive oil  and a little balsamic then enjoy with the ones you love!

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
I just love my one-pot recipes!  Especially when I cook in a beautiful pan then serve form it as well.  You get to scoop up all of the extra flavors.  

You can add any potatoes (sweet as well and just chop them up) but the colorful baby potatoes just looked to amazing and I couldn't pass it up.  Hubby really enjoyed this meal after a long trip to NYC!

Oh and before I forget - This is also a 30 minute meal and a perfect dinner for 2!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
