URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64592513/cinnamon-banana-bread/
Title:
Cinnamon Banana Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3807497.jpg
Ingredients:
1 2/3 cup Whole Wheat Flour
4 Medium Very Ripe Vananas
¼ Cup Fat Free Plain Greek Yogurt
1 Teaspoon Vanilla Extract
1 Teaspoon Baking Powder
½ Teaspoon Baking Soda
½ Teaspoon Salt
½ Cup Packed Dark Brown Sugar
1 Egg (at room temperature)
1 Egg White (at room temperature)
¼ Cup Walnuts, chopped
Cinnamon Mix-
1 Tablespoons White Granulated Sugar
1 Teaspoons Cinnamon

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease a 9x5 inch loaf pan with non-fat cooking spray.
In a small bowl, combine 1/3 cup sugar and 2 teaspoons cinnamon then set aside.
In a medium, bowl combine bananas, yogurt, and vanilla extract. Mash bananas and mix all ingredients until well combined.
Sift together flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt into a large bowl. If you don’t have a sifter, you can use a metal strainer!
Using a mixer, beat the butter and brown sugar until light and fluffy for about 3 minutes. Add the eggs one at a time and beat until fully combined for about 1 minute.
Add banana mixture and beat until well combined for about 30 seconds.
Add flour mixture slowly and beat until well combined for about 30 seconds. Add walnuts until well combined.
Pour half the batter into the loaf pan and spread out the batter until even.
Sprinkle half the cinnamon mix onto the batter.
Repeat with the remaining batter and cinnamon mix.
Draw a knife through the batter to make a marble effect.
Bake in the oven for 60 minutes, rotating the pan halfway, until the top is golden brown and starting to crack.
Let the pan cool for 15 minutes on a metal rack.

Submitter: 
Bites of Flavor
Description: 
Cinnamon Banana Nut Bread- Weight Watcher friendly twist on the classic banana nut bread recipe, a cinnamon swirl! Great for dessert or as breakfast. Only 7 SmartPoints per serving.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
