URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64592651/slow-cooker-easy-pot-roast-with-tomato-gravy/
Title:
Slow Cooker Easy Pot Roast with Tomato Gravy Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 up to 3lb beef roast, cross-rib
1 tbsp. vegetable oil
1/2 - 1 onion, thinly sliced
3 stalks celery, thinly sliced
3 large carrots, peeled and cut in 1/2" slices
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 tsp. dry mustard
1/2 tsp. dried thyme leaves or ground thyme
1 tsp. salt
1/4 - 1/2 tsp. cracked black peppercorns
2 tbsp. flour
1 284 ml can condensed tomato soup
1/2 cup beef broth
1 tbsp. Worcestershire sauce
2 tbsp. brown sugar
2 tbsp. balsamic or red wine vinegar (optional)

Directions:
Pat roast dry with paper towel.
In a large skillet, heat oil over med-high heat.
Add roast and cook, turning, until brown on all sides. Transfer to slow cooker.
Reduce heat under skillet to med.
Add onions, celery and carrots to skillet and cook, stirring, until vegetables are softened.
Add garlic, mustard, thyme, salt and pepper and cook, stirring, for 1 min.
Sprinkle flour over and stir.
Add soup and broth and cook, stirring, until thickened.
Stir in Worcestershire sauce.
Pour mixture over roast.
Cover and cook on low x 10-12 hours or high x 5-6 hours, until meat is very tender.
Remove roast from slow cooker.
Stir in sugar and vinegar to pan juices. Serve with roast.
Make ahead:
This can be partially made ahead the night before - heat oil and cook onions, carrots and celery. Refrigerate overnite. In the morning, brown roast in 1 tbsp. oil (or if short of time, skip this step & place roast directly in slow cooker), then follow rest of steps.
Alternately, cook roast overnight. Add sugar and vinegar, if using. Cover and refrigerate. When ready to serve, spoon off congealed fat, remove meat from sauce and slice. Place sliced meat in Dutch oven, cover with sauce and bring to boil. Simmer, covered, x 10 min. and serve.

Submitter: 
Deena Kordt
Description: 
Just add potatoes for a complete meal - roast, carrots, onions, etc. cooked in a tomato gravy.
There are some make-ahead alternatives listed below - check them out for an even easier prep.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
