URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64592533/chicken-suiza-enchiladas/
Title:
Chicken Suiza Enchiladas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3807601.jpg
Ingredients:
For Shredded Chicken:
2 Chicken Breast
1 Onion, quartered
6 Cups Water
1 Tablespoon Cumin
1 Tablespoon Chili Powder
2 Cloves Garlic
Fresh cracked salt & pepper
For Suiza Sauce:
2 Cups Roasted Tomatillo Salsa or Hatch Green Chili Enchilada Sauce
¼ Cup Low Fat Sour Cream
For Enchiladas:
1 ½ Cups Low Fat Shredded Monterey Jack Cheese
10 White Corn Tortillas
Fresh Pico de Gallo, optional
Diced Avocado, optional

Directions:
To make the shredded chicken:
Put spices and water into crock pot, add chicken breast then cover and cook for 6 hours on High. You can also cook on low for 8 or 10 hours.
Once chicken has cooked for 6 hours, pull chicken out of crock pot and shred chicken with two forks. Put chicken into a bowl and set aside.
Dice up a few pieces of onion and the garlic cloves from the crock pot and add to the chicken mixture to give it more flavor
Save 1 cup of the leftover liquid from the crock pot.
To make the suiza sauce:
Combine 2 cups of the roasted tomatillo salsa and ¼ cup low-fat sour cream. Mix until well blended.
To make the enchilada stuffing:
Pre-heat oven to 400 degrees and spray 13x9 inch glass baking dish.
Heat a skillet over medium heat and spray with oil.
Add chicken mixture to skillet. Season with a dash of chili powder and cumin. Add salt & pepper to taste.
Add ? cup suiza sauce, 1 cup leftover liquid from crock pot, mix well, and reduce heat to simmer. Cover and cook for 20 minutes.
Spray both sides of tortillas with nonfat cooking spray and place in a zip-lock bag. Microwave 40 seconds. This will help the tortillas be flexible for stuffing.
To assemble the enchiladas:
Measure out ½ cup shredded cheese.
In one hand, hold a tortilla and with the other hand add in the chicken mixture, top with a sprinkle of cheese, roll up tight, then add to the pan. Continue until all enchiladas are rolled.
Top the enchiladas with the remaining suiza sauce, sprinkle with the remaining 1 cup cheese and bake for 20 minutes.
Notes:
Top with a few thin slices of avocado, a dash of salsa, fresh pico de gallo, and a tablespoon of queso fresco.

Submitter: 
Bites of Flavor
Description: 
Chicken Suiza Enchiladas-Shredded Chicken Weight Watcher friendly enchiladas. Cheesy and full of flavor. You'll want to make this every week! Only 9 SmartPoints for TWO enchiladas!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
40 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
