URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64591625/creole-gumbo/
Title:
Creole Gumbo Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
¼ cup oilve oil
8 oz. Smoked sausage (we use organic, no sugar added and natural nitrate)
2 pounds chicken skinless chicken thigh
½ cup flour
¼ cup unsalted butter
1 medium green bell pepper diced ( if you don't like green, use any other color!)
1 medium onion diced
1 cup chopped celery (about 3 sticks)
2 teaspoons minced garlic
1 14oz. can tomatoes(chopped)
½ pound crab legs
1 tablespoon Creole seasoning.
½ tablespoon smoked paprika
1 tablespoon chicken bouillon powder or 1 cube
1-tablespoon thyme fresh or dried (about 1 1/2T if you use fresh)
2 bay leaves
1 pound shrimp (peeled and de-veined)
¼ cup chopped parsley
2 green onions chopped
1-tablespoon gumbo file
10 cups cooked rice

Directions:
Lightly season the chicken with salt. Heat the oil over medium heat in a heavy bottomed Dutch Cook the chicken until browned on both sides and remove.
Add the sausage and cook until browned, and then remove.
Set aside.
In a large Dutch oven or heavy bottomed saucepan combine melted butter, oil and flour until smooth.
Cook on medium heat, stirring continuously, for about 20-30 minutes or until it turns a rich dark brown color - just like chocolate. Don’t walk away from the stove during this process, as it might burn.
When you have achieved your desired color (rich and chocolatey brown). Remove from stove and let it cool.
Return the Dutch oven back on the stove. Add the onion, garlic, green pepper and celery and cook for 8- 10 minutes –stirring frequently.
Then add chicken, sausage, crab legs, creole seasoning, pepper, chicken bouillon or cubes, paprika, thyme, bay leaves and let it cook for 5 minutes. Followed by can tomatoes about 6 cups of chicken stock, bring to a boil and let it simmer for about 45 – 50 minutes.
Add the shrimp, simmer for 5 more minutes.
Stir in file powder, green onions, and chopped parsley.
Adjust thickness soup and flavor with broth or water and salt.
Serve over rice.

Submitter: 
Lori Rowley-Sipple
Description: 
Don't let the long list of ingredients or the lengthy directions scare you off! This is completely doable. Give yourself a good chunk of time to dedicate to making this, maybe your first time around don't multitask :)

You could easily turn this into a Pescatarian dish by omitting the chicken and sausage and replacing it with smoked fish!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
2 h 20 m
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
