URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64592617/chicken-zucchini-pesto-lasagna/
Title:
Chicken Zucchini Pesto Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3808608.jpg
Ingredients:
Ricotta Cheese
8 c milk
1 t salt
1/2 c white vinegar or lemon juice
remaining cheese mixture
16 oz mozzarella, grated
8 oz cream cheese, softened
1 c Parmesan cheese, finely grated
pinch of salt
1 onion, chopped fine
1/2 c chopped bacon
3 cloves garlic, minced
1/4 c chopped fresh parsley or 1 t dried
2 eggs
Chicken Pesto Mix
4 chicken breasts cubed
1 package of mushrooms (your choice) I like Eryngii (King Oyster) cubed same size as chicken
1 16 oz bag of frozen spinach, thawed and liquid squeezed out.
1 c fresh basil leaves
1/2 c fresh rosemary
1/2  c oregano
1/2 t fresh grated nutmeg
pinch of salt
2 T balsamic vinegar
olive oil
2  cloves garlic, minced
1 c cream
1 lemon, juiced
3 large zucchini
shave with a vegetable peeler fine ribbons to use as your noodle layer
1-2 c Parmesan cheese for topping

Directions:
Place all ingredients for Ricotta Cheese in a microwave safe bowl and mix. Microwave on high until milk reaches 165* F, stirring every couple of min. (It usually takes me 16 min, stirring every 4 min, but every microwave is different.)
While that is heating up, get a colander that is large enough to place your milk into and put it in the sink, or over a bowl if you want to keep the whey.  Place a doubled over flour sack towel, or a few layers of cheese cloth in strainer, and when the milk is hot and curdling stir again and pour into your ready colander. Drain for an hour, or until thick to your liking.
In a skillet cook onion and bacon until browned, drain fat if necessary, add garlic and cook for 1 min. Let set while you do the following.
Grate mozzarella cheese, and mix with ricotta, cream cheese,salt, parsley, and egg. Add in onion mixture.Set aside for later.
Cut zucchini into ribbons with a vegetable peeler. I prefer to stop when I get to the seeds and save that for something else, personal choice.
While your cheese is draining, thaw spinach and squeeze as much water out as you can by placing in a kitchen towel and wringing it out. Place spinach, herbs, balsamic vinegar, garlic, and salt in your food processor. Start grinding up the herbs and add olive oil until everything runs smoothly.  (You can add toasted pine nuts here I just didn't have any)
Use the same skillet as you did for the onion, no reason to dirty another pan, add chicken and mushroom and cook until chicken is almost done, add spinach and herb mixture and cream. Cook on med-high for 10 min to reduce liquid. Add lemon juice.
Get a 9x13 pan, place a little of the chicken sauce in the bottom (about 1/4 c) make an even layer of zucchini. place 1/2 the cheese mixture on top of that, another layer of zucchini, 1/2 of the chicken mixture, layer of zucchini, remaining cheese mixture, layer of zucchini. Press down at this point to even things out and make room for the last layer. Place remaining chicken mixture on. Top with Parmesan cheese.
Bake 350* for 30-45 min, until top is very browned and lasagna is thickened. Do not cover.

Submitter: 
Zhora Autumn
Description: 
Another way to use up your zucchini, eat lots of veggies, and you could make it vegetarian very easily.  Don't be discouraged about making your own Ricotta cheese, you will be happy with the resulting taste! If you can't get all the fresh herbs, you can substitute pesto sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 h 30 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
