URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64590556/paleo-italian-pork-loin-roast/
Title:
Paleo Italian Pork Loin Roast Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3780043.jpg
Ingredients:
4 pounds pork roast loin
Sea salt
Freshly ground pepper
1 28 ounce can San Marzano tomatoes
1 14 ounce can tomato puree
1 7 ounce can tomato paste
5-6 cloves garlic, chopped
2 teaspoon dried basil
2 teaspoon dried parsley
2 teaspoon dried oregano
2 teaspoon dried thyme
1 teaspoon red pepper flakes

Directions:
Set your slow cooker to high.  Season the pork with salt and pepper then set aside.
In the slow cooker add in san marzano tomatoes, tomato puree, 2 teaspoon of sea salt and 1 teaspoon pepper.  Cover and let the sauce start to warm up.  Add in tomato paste then fill the can with hot water and swirl around with a spoon to release the paste stuck to the can the add to the slow cooker.  Add another can of water.  Stir well pressing the sides with the back of a spoon to smooth out the paste a little then add in seasonings.  Stir together.
Add in pork and let cook on high for 2 hours then reduce to medium for 4 hours then reduce to low/warm until ready to enjoy.
Take the pork out of the slow cooker and cut the kitchen twine.  Using a tong and fork simply break apart the pork then add a few ladles of sauce over.  Add sauce to a large bowl and serve alongside the pork.  Here is a picture incase you add some Italian sausage to the slow cooker like we did!  Super yummy...

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
I love Sunday dinners in the slow cooker.  The house smells amazing and the meat just falls apart.  We were invited to our friends Mary Ann and Scott's ski house for the weekend and I offered to make dinner for them along with 12 of their friends.  Of course, I decided to make Italian.  I purchase a 7 pound pork loin roast but for a smaller amount adjust your size but remember the leftovers are amazing.  I also made a spaghetti squash primavera for a side and it was a big hit!  

Also, to add a little zest to the sauce I added in about 7 hot Italian sausages and about 4 sweet (for those who 
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
6 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
