URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64596513/moms-homemade-spelt-rolls/
Title:
Mom's Homemade Spelt Rolls Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3897420.jpg
Ingredients:
1 1/2 very warm cups water
1/3 cup honey
4 eggs
1 Tablespoon salt
1/2 cup butter and 1/4 cup coconut oil
2 Tablespoons yeast
7 cups spelt flour
2 teaspoons lemon juice or apple cider vinegar
Glaze:
2 tablespoons butter, melted
3 tablespoons honey, melted
1 egg white
Sprinkle seeds:
3-4 tablespoon poppy seeds or sesame seeds

Directions:
Beat 4 eggs.
Melt butter until soft.
Combine  honey, water,  salt, butter and coconut oil and lemon juice.
Let the butter and coconut oil melt in the mixture.
Add 3 cups of spelt with the dry yeast, stir well to mix.
Add eggs.
Add remaining flour gradually as you are kneading to make a soft dough but not too sticky. You may need to add a little more flour as needed.
Knead about 10 minutes.
Place in a bowl with ample flour on bottom and top.
*Cover and let rise for a minimum of 1 1 /2 hours.
Punch dough down and shape into pretzel rolls, place on parchment paper on a cookie tray.
Preheat oven 375 degrees.
Cover with towel and let rise 30 minutes.
Whisk glaze together and brush on rolls.
Sprinkle seeds or any other herbs or seeds you like.
Bake for 15-18 minutes.
Tap the rolls and they  will sound hollow when done.
*I let the rolls rise for 2 hours or more sometimes, my rolls are nice and light and airy.

Submitter: 
ChrissyintheKitchen
Description: 
Light, Delicious, Rolls.
~It’s cold out, snow is falling, the house is cold but the kitchen is warm. Mommy is baking!  
The warm smell of rolls wafts through the house. I’m sitting at the kitchen table, watching and waiting for those delectable morsels to come out of the oven. At last, they are done!
Butter, honey and whatever with those hot rolls. So yummy. Mom had to make lots cause I ate like a horse! :-) (Still do!) lol! ~
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
3 h
Ready in:
3 h
Number of servings: 
36
Nutritional Facts:
NA
