URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64590854/adobong-puti-na-manok-white-chicken-adobo-or-kadun-pika-in-chamorro/
Title:
Adobong Puti na Manok (White Chicken Adobo) or Kådun Pika in Chamorro Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3784834.jpg
Ingredients:
3 lbs of your favorite chicken pieces cut into serving pieces (drumsticks and thighs are highly recommended)
2 tablespoons oil
1 onion, peeled and sliced thinly
1 head garlic, peeled, crushed and sliced
1 cup vinegar (preferably white cane vinegar)
2 pieces of donne' sali (birds eye chili) or siling labuyo, sliced thinly
3 cups water
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon pepper
3 bay leaves
1 teaspoon whole peppercorns, slightly cracked
1 teaspoon sugar
1 teaspoon fish sauce (optional)

Directions:
1.  Rinse the chicken pieces; cut into smaller pieces if desired.  Season with salt and pepper. Heat the oil in a large pan. When hot, add the chicken in batches to brown the skin, around 2 minutes per side.
2.  Remove the chicken pieces and take out some of the oil in the pan and put the pan back on the heat.  Add the onion and garlic and sauté.   Add bay leaves and peppercorns and sauté for an additional minute.  Then add vinegar and bring to a boil, uncovered and without stirring, for about 5 minutes.
3.  Add water, salt, hot pepper and stir to combine. Continue to boil for about 3 to 5 minutes. Lower heat, cover and continue to cook for about 40 to 50 minutes or until meat is tender and liquid is reduced.
4.  When done, remove the chicken from the pan.  Add sugar, stir and allow the sauce to simmer further until the sauce thickens, around 20 minutes. Adjust seasonings to taste with salt or you may add patis, if desired.  When ready to serve the chicken, heat the rest of the oil in a separate pan and crisp the skin once more.
5.  Serve hot over steaming white rice or brown rice for a healthier version.  Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Sheila Baker Shedd
Description: 
Known as the Philippines' national dish, the adobo is the classic comfort food of the Filipinos.  Regardless of which region they're from, the term adobo is the same throughout the country albeit having multiple versions on its cooking methodologies and styles.  This traditional and truly authentic version is my favorite.  It basically uses vinegar and salt instead of soy sauce.  Try it!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
