URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64590553/paleo-chicken-parmesan/
Title:
Paleo Chicken Parmesan Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3780031.jpg
Ingredients:
3-4 boneless and skinless chicken breast cutlets
1-2 teaspoons sea salt
2-3 large eggs
3/4 cup almond meal
1/4 cup tapioca flour
1 teaspoon dried basil
2 teaspoons dried parsley
1 teaspoon dried thyme
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano
1/4 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese (optional)
1/4 cup olive oil or coconut oil

Directions:
Any Italian meals starts with a good sauce! Always use the best ingredients. I like to start my sauce with a large pot. Heat over medium heat and add in olive oil. Dice up 1/2 yellow onion and 2 cloves of garlic.
Add to the pan and let sauté for 5 minutes. Add in 1 large can (24 ounces) crushed San Marzano crushed tomatoes and 1/4 cup water. Bring to a boil then lower to a simmer. Add in 1 small can of tomato paste.
Fill the can with hot water and using a spoon stir up all of the paste left in the can. Pour in the pot. Add in 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1/2 teaspoon pepper, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 1 teaspoon dried oregano and 1 teaspoon of dried parsley.
If you like it a little spicy then add in 1/2 teaspoon of red pepper flakes. Let simmer for at least 30 minutes but an hour would be way better! Keep covered.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Create a poultry safe work area and if your chicken breasts are thick, cut in half.
Cover with plastic wrap and using a mallet pound the chicken until it is about 1/4 inch thick. Season both sides with salt and pepper. **If you do not have a meat mallet you can use a wine bottle or rolling pin.
Whisk eggs into a large shallow bowl or baking dish. You want something with edges and big enough to dip the chicken into.Heat a large sauté pan over medium-high heat. Once the pan is hot add olive oil and let it heat up. Now create your assembly line.
First take your chicken and dip both sides in the egg then coat both sides with your flour herb mixture and add to the pan. Fry each side for about 3 minutes. Until each side browns.
Do this in batches and once done add to your sauce lined baking pan. Once you are done pour a little sauce on each cutlet, leaving some in the pan for serving.
Bake for 20 minutes and Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
As an Italian, anything Parmesan is on the family menu at least once a week and making a Paleo Chicken Parmesan for dinner was a little extra special. Enjoy this amazing Italian Paleo Recipe tonight with your family.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
