URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64597529/big-rays-30-minute-lighter-italian-wedding-soup/
Title:
Big Ray's 30-minute lighter italian wedding soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3889627.jpg
Ingredients:
1 lb ground turkey
½ cup plain dry breadcrumbs
¼ cup grated Parmesan cheese, plus more for serving
2 tsp minced garlic
1 egg
1 tsp salt
¼ tsp pepper
1 Tbsp olive oil
1 medium yellow onion, halved and thinly sliced
2 cans (14.5 oz each)  chicken broth
2 cans (14.5 oz each) diced tomatoes with juices
1 bunch kale, washed, tough stems removed and leaves coarsely chopped

Directions:
In large bowl, combine ground turkey, breadcrumbs, Parmesan cheese, garlic, egg, salt and pepper until well mixed. Shape into 1-tablespoon balls.
Heat oil in large saucepan over medium heat. Add onions and cook, stirring often, 4 to 5 minutes until softened. Add broth and diced tomatoes. Bring to simmer over medium-high heat. Add meatballs and cook, without stirring, 5 minutes until meatballs float to surface.
Add kale (in batches, if necessary) and stir very gently, being careful to disturb meatballs as little as possible (they are very tender). Cook 3 to 5 minutes more until kale is wilted and meatballs are cooked through. Thin soup with water, if needed, and season with more salt and pepper to taste. Serve sprinkled with cheese.

Submitter: 
bfr610
Description: 
This lighter Italian wedding soup is nothing like your standard Italian Wedding  soup. Instead of greasy, salty broth, this soup is made with low-sodium broth and diced tomatoes with their juices. Instead of a million mini meatballs, this soup is made with more substantial turkey Parmesan meatballs that poach in the broth to tender perfection. Instead of a few strands of spinach, this soup is filled out with an entire bunch of curly kale. It’s all done in 30 minutes, and then you top it with more Parmesan cheese.
The cherry on top of it all is that this soup freezes well, so you can save half
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
