URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64592964/cedar-planked-rainbow-trout-fillet/
Title:
Cedar Planked Rainbow Trout Fillet Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2  tablespoons virgin oil
1  tablespoon fresh lemon and lime juice
2  tablespoons Dijon mustard
2  cloves finely chopped garlic
1 teaspoon chopped ginger ( optional )
1  teaspoon sea salt
1  teaspoon ground pepper
1/4  teaspoon cayenne pepper
1  tablespoon dried parsley or handful fresh chopped
2-3  tablespoons soy sauce
Splash of white wine (optional )
1-2 trout fillets or salmon fillets
Fresh lemon and lime slices

Directions:
Mix together all of the above ingredients and set aside the slices of lemon and lime.  Baste the fish with the marinade. ( reserve a few tablespoons to add to fish on barbecue.  Cover the fish and place in the refrigerator for an hour or two, until you are ready to barbecue.
Preheat your barbecue on a medium to high heat.  Place the trout or salmon skin side down on the plank and add the reserved marinade.  Add the slices of lemon and lime to the top of the fish.
Place on the grill and cover.  Keeping it covered circulates the smoke to add to the flavour.  From experience, you will need to watch the fish and put out any little fires as the plank heats up.
Cook for 15 – 20 minutes or until fish is tender and flakes easily.  Do not overcook.  One large fillet serves 2.
Serve with vegetables, salad or rice.

Submitter: 
pschelf
Description: 
Planking fish of any kind brings out the smoked wood flavour that we all love.  Whether it be salmon fillets, rainbow trout or any fish that you enjoy, planking can be challenging if you don’t monitor your grill.
Of course soaking the plank is the key to cooking your fish on an open flame.  2-3 hours is recommended but the longer the better in my estimation.
When planking your salmon, it’s a must to have a spray water bottle on hand as there WILL be flare ups and flames that need dousing, so be prepared.  It seems we always end up with our planks charbroiled black and really not worthy of a 
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
2 h
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
