URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64599104/sausage-garden/
Title:
Sausage Garden Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3913969.jpg
Ingredients:
Five Sweet Italian Sausages / One Long Chicken Sausage, cut into five pieces
Four Large Golden Beets
Six Carrots, peeled and chopped
Three Parsnips, peeled and chopped
Two Cloves Garlic, minced
A small bunch of Kale
A small bunch of Chard
Two Plum Tomatoes, sliced
2 Tbsp Olive Oil
3 Tbsp Balsamic Vinegar
Enough Olive Oil to cover the beets
Enough Olive Oil to cover the chopped carrots and parsnips
2 Tbsp Parmesan Cheese, grated
A small bunch of Rosemary, chopped
A small bunch of Sage, chopped
A small bunch of Tarragon, chopped
Salt and Pepper to taste

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees Fahrenheit.
Cut the greens and the root ends off of the beets, and scrub them under running water. Save the greens for later – you can put them in a strainer inside a pot of water to clean them.
Place the beets on two layers of aluminum foil and brush them with olive oil. Wrap them in the foil, and bake for 45 minutes.
Turn the grill on and start cooking the sausages until they are golden-brown.
Rinse, peel, and chop the carrots and parsnips, putting the pieces into a bowl. Pour some olive oil over the vegetables, and mix it around with a wooden spoon or spatula. Add salt and pepper to taste, as well as chopped rosemary, tarragon, and sage. Continue mixing, and then, put the vegetables on a foil-lined cookie sheet. Place it in the oven for 30 minutes.
Rinse the chard and kale, preparing it for sautéing. Mince two cloves of garlic, and sauté in 2 Tbsp olive oil until translucent. Then, add the kale, and sauté until it has wilted.
Add the chard, and once it’s wilted, you can add the beet greens.
Once everything is wilted, add some balsamic vinegar and mix it around with the leaves. You can also add more salt or pepper to taste.
Turn the heat off, and add grated Parmesan, as well as raw tomato slices.
Once the beets are done in the oven, allow them to cool, then peel and chop them and mix them in with the other root vegetables.
Fill one half of a plate with the root veggie mix, and the other half with the greens. Cut one sausage into 5-6 chunks, and top the greens with sausage chunks. Serve immediately!

Submitter: 
Chef AidF
Description: 
A mix of root vegetables, greens, and sausage, arranged in a decorative fashion.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
70 m
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
