URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64598887/chicken-marsala/
Title:
Chicken Marsala Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3910175.jpg
Ingredients:
¼ plain flour, sifted
dash of salt and black pepper
1 pound thin chicken breasts
3 Tablespoons of olive oil
2 gloves of garlic, minced
2 tablespoons parsley, chopped
8 oz of button mushrooms or cremini, thinly sliced
½ cup of chicken stock
½ cup Marsala wine

Directions:
In a bowl or plate sift the flour and add a dash of salt and black pepper. I like sifting the flour as it creates a silkier texture, but you can skip this step, if you wish. Dredge the chicken in the flour, shaking off the excess. Set aside in a dish.
In a large skilled warm up the oil. When the oil is hot add the floured chicken and fry for about 5 minutes, turning once or twice.  Remove the chicken and place them in a dish, they are not yet fully cooked, so no sampling yet. Add the mushrooms, garlic and parsley to the pan and cook for a few minutes. The mushrooms will cook down substantially. Add the chicken stock and Marsala and let that simmer for a few minutes so that the alcohol cooks out. Add back the chicken to the frying pan and cook for an additional 5-6 minutes.  Season with additional salt, if needed and add some additional chopped parsley, for garnish, if desired.
If you’d like to cook some spaghetti or fettuccine to go with it, I suggest adding a ½ cup of cooking cream when adding the Marsala and stock and you can also up the liquids, either stock or Marsala, by another ¼ of a cup. This will, of course, give you a final dish that is saucier and the ability to dress your pasta.
*Tip:
If you don’t have chicken stock prepared or you don’t want to open an entire can for just a ½ cup, simply dissolve a 1/3 of a bullion cube in some boiling water. This is a shortcut I use frequently and adds flavor that is just as good as canned stock.

Submitter: 
Lazyitalianculinaryadventures
Description: 
A quick and super yummy chicken dish!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
30
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
