URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64590554/paleo-granola-crunch/
Title:
Paleo Granola Crunch Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3780034.jpg
Ingredients:
1/2 cup raw sunflower seeds
1/2 cup raw pumpkin seeds (pepitas)
3/4 cup of slivered almonds
1/2 cup of dried blueberries or cranberries
3/4 cup of almond meal
1 cup shredded unsweetened coconut
1/2 teaspoon sea salt
2 teaspoons cinnamon
1/2 cup of grapeseed oil or coconut oil
1/2 cup local honey
1 teaspoon of good quality vanilla
3 ounces shredded unsweetened dark chocolate (enjoy life)

Directions:
Preheat your oven to 325 degrees F. In a large bowl, combine the first 8 ingredients and mix them well.
In a microwave safe medium bowl combine oil and honey microwave on high for 15 seconds. Then stir in vanilla.
Let cool for 3 minutes then pour the liquid over the dry ingredients and and combine well.
Place your mixture on a lined baking sheet and spread it out evenly. Sprinkle the unsweetened dark chocolate over the crunch mixture.
Bake in the oven for 25 minutes.
Remove it from the oven after 15 minutes and stir it around to prevent from burning. Then finish baking for another 10 minutes. Keep an eye on it.
Remove from oven and let cook. As it rest the mixture will become crunchy.
To make the Parfait, pour 1/2 of a glass with the smoothie, add a few handfuls of crunch mix, then add more smoothie and top with crunch on top! Grab a spoon and enjoy!

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
I make Paleo Granola Crunch once a week and enjoy it in a parfait, with almond milk or just as a snack! I do add other ingredients and play around with the recipe depending on what I have in the house but it is my go-to weekly snack! Try this Paleo Recipe!

PS:  If you are like me and collect your nuts and store in the freezer.  This is a great way to use them all up!!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1.5 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
