URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64590093/sundried-tomato-feta-stuffed-salmon/
Title:
Sundried Tomato Feta Stuffed Salmon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3772630.jpg
Ingredients:
2 half-pound salmon fillets (or a 1-pound salmon fillet)
1 tablespoon grapeseed or olive oil
1/3  cup sun-dried tomatoes, drained and chopped
3 cups baby spinach, loosely packed
1 cup fresh basil leaves, chopped
1/2 cup feta cheese crumbles
Sea salt and pepper, to taste

Directions:
Preheat the oven to 375 F, and spray an oven-safe cooking dish with oil.
Use a paper towel to dab some of the oil from the sun-dried tomatoes before placing them on a cutting board and chopping them.
Add the oil and chopped sun-dried tomatoes to a skillet over medium heat. Cook for 1 minute, stirring occasionally or until fragrant.
Add the baby spinach and chopped basil leaves to the skillet. Stir occasionally until the leaves have completely wilted, about 3 minutes.
Remove the skillet from the heat. Add the feta cheese and stir until well combined with the other ingredients.
Place salmon fillets (or fillet) on a cutting board. Use a sharp knife to carefully slice the salmon through the center, just until the knife almost reaches the other side.
Use a large spoon to distribute the stuffing into the centers of each of the salmon fillets.
Carefully transfer the salmon fillets to the prepared baking dish. Sprinkle with salt and pepper.
Bake salmon on the center rack of the oven for 20 to 30 minutes. If the fillets started out thinner than 1 inch, it should take 20 to 25 minutes. Salmon fillets that started out thicker than one inch will take closer to 25 to 30 minutes.

Submitter: 
Lori Rowley-Sipple
Description: 
I love ANYTHING with sundried tomato and feta...who'd a thunk that it would go so beautifully with fish! As we eat a LOT of salmon here in Alaska, this such a creative way to cook it up!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
30
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
