URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64598091/creamy-lemon-cheesecake-with-lemon-sour-cream-topping/
Title:
Creamy Lemon Cheesecake with Lemon Sour Cream Topping Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Graham Cracker Crust:
1 1/4 cups graham cracker crumbs
3 tablespoons sugar
1/4 cup butter or margarine, melted
Creamy Lemon Filling:
24 ounces cream cheese
3/4 cup sugar
5 teaspoons cornstarch
3 eggs
1 egg yolk
1/2 cup frozen lemonade concentrate, thawed
1/4 cup sour cream
2 tablespoons lemon juice
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 teaspoon finely shredded lemon peel
Lemon Sour Cream Topping:
1 cup sour cream
1 tablespoon sugar
1 tablespoon lemon juice
2 teaspoons finely shredded lemon peel
Fresh lemon slices

Directions:
Graham Cracker Crust:
In a small bowl stir together the crumbs and sugar. Add melted butter or margarine. Stir till well combined. Press crumb mixture evenly onto the bottom of a greased 9-inch springform pan. Set aside.
Creamy Lemon Filling:
In a large bowl combine cream cheese, sugar, and cornstarch. Beat with an electric mixer till smooth. Add eggs and egg yolk, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in lemonade concentrate, sour cream, lemon juice, vanilla extract, and lemon peel. Pour the cream cheese mixture over the crust.
Bake at 350 for 15 minutes. Lower the temperature to 200 and bake for 1 hour and 10 minutes or till the center no longer looks wet or shiny. Remove the cake from the oven and run a knife around the inside edge of the pan. Turn the oven off; return the cake to the oven for an additional 1 hour. Chill, uncovered, overnight.
Lemon Sour Cream Topping:
In a small bowl stir together the sour cream, sugar, lemon juice, and lemon peel. Spread over the cheesecake. Garnish with lemon slices. Chill till serving time. Makes 12 to 18 slices.

Submitter: 
Ingred Chamberlin
Description: 
This is a wonderfully light, creamy cheesecake that is easy to make. The lemonade gives just the right amount of sweet tang. It can also be made with Pink Lemonade for a slightly sweeter flavor. I've been searching for this recipe for years and found an old photocopied version. I don't have any info on its origin or creator. If anyone recognizes it, please let me know. I'd love to have more recipes like this one.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
12 h
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
