URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64592055/butternut-and-spinach-lasagna/
Title:
Butternut and Spinach Lasagna Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3800644.jpg
Ingredients:
Butternut filling:
2 cups cooked butternut squash that has been pureed
1 cup ricotta cheese
1/2 cup milk (or more, if needed)
1/4 teaspoon salt
Spinach Filling:
1 cup cooked spinach (8 oz uncooked)
1 cup ricotta cheese
1 cup mozzarella cheese
2 garlic cloves, minced
1/4 teaspoon salt
pepper, to taste
Other Ingredients:
10 oz lasagna noodles, cooked
1 and 1/2 cups mozzarella cheese (or more)
1/2 cup Parmesan cheese (on top)
Italian seasoning (to taste)
Paprika (to taste)
Basil (to taste)

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 F.
For Butternut filling, using food processor, combine 2 cups of butternut squash puree with Ricotta cheese, milk, and salt. Add more milk if needed (to make the butternut squash filling very creamy). Mix very well, taste and add more salt, if needed.
For spinach filling combine spinach, Ricotta cheese, mozzarella, garlic, salt and pepper. Mix, taste, and add more salt and pepper, if needed.
Bring a very large pot of water to boil, and cook lasagna noodles according to package instructions. Rinse in cold water, drain. Using knife, trim noodles to fit your baking dish (if necessary).
Prepare a baking dish -By greasing the lasagna dish lightly with olive oil spray. Spread 1/3 of butternut squash filling on the bottom of the dish. Sprinkle lightly with mozzarella cheese. Top with cooked lasagna noodles without overlapping.
Spread half of spinach filling over the noodles. Top lightly with Mozzarella cheese. Top with cooked noodles. Repeat.
Spread a generous amount of butternut squash filling (the remaining 1/3) over the final layer of noodles, sprinkle with grated Parmesan and remaining mozzarella cheese. Generously sprinkle the cheese with Italian seasoning, paprika, basil.
Cover the baking dish with foil and bake for 30 min. Remove foil and bake additional 10 minutes.

Submitter: 
Lori Rowley-Sipple
Description: 
YES! All the things lovely mixed into one pan.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
1 h and 5 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
