URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64590546/one-pot-grilled-steak-and-vegetables/
Title:
One-Pot Grilled Steak and Vegetables Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3780004.jpg
Ingredients:
1 or 2 bone-in rib eyes
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 1/2 teaspoon Italian seasonings
1 cup brussels sprouts
1 Japanese eggplant
Sea salt
Freshly ground pepper
Olive oil

Directions:
Heat your grill to 350 degrees F.
Take the steaks and drizzle with olive oil then season with salt, pepper, garlic powder and Italian seasonings.  Set aside.
Slice Brussels sprouts in half and slice eggplant into rounds.  Lay the eggplant out in an even layer on a wood board and lightly season both sides with salt.  Set aside.
Once the grill is hot add in about 2 tablespoons of olive oil and let it get hot.  Add in brussels sprouts and eggplant. Let cook for about 15 minutes; flipping to brown all sides. (You may want to drizzle more olive oil during the grilling process.  The eggplant soaks up the olive oil.)
Move the eggplant and brussels sprouts over to the side of the pan and add in a little more olive oil.  Move the pan so the vegetables are on the outer side of the grill (where it's not as hot).  Keep the side of the pan where the steak will go in the center of the grill.  Add the steak to the pan and cook the first side for 3 minutes then flip over for 2-3 additional minutes or until desired doneness.
Remove pan from grill and let rest for a few minutes then dig in!

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
I found by cooking all of this dinner in one pot added so much flavor to the dish and prevented the grill from flaming or pieces falling in the grate!  Using my Cast Iron Pan made it super easy and I served dinner right from the pan!  How easy is this.........  Love one pot recipes and this one is Paleo too...

Glenn and I are not very big eaters and I don't go wow over steak (just me) but I go crazy over eggplant.  I did pick up 2 boneless rib eyes at Highland Park Market but we only cooked up one and save the other (wrapped and froze for another dish).  This was a perfect meal for the two 
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
2
Nutritional Facts:
NA
