URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64590565/pork-and-shiitake-mushroom-ragu/
Title:
Pork and Shiitake Mushroom Ragù Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3780081.jpg
Ingredients:
3-4 pounds boneless pork shoulder (Boston Butt)
Kosher salt
Freshly ground pepper
2 tablespoons olive oil or coconut oil
1 cup chicken broth, low sodium
1 tablespoon Italian seasonings
2 bay leaves
4-6 cloves garlic, finely chopped or minced
1 28 ounce can petite chopped tomatoes
1 7 ounce can tomato paste
1 8 ounce package shiitake mushrooms

Directions:
Cut pork into chunks (it's easier to shred).  Season with salt and pepper.  Heat a large Dutch Oven over medium high heat.  Add in oil.  Once the oil is hot add in pork.  Cook for about 10-12 minutes turning often using tongs.
Pour in chicken broth.  While the pan is sizzling take a wooden spoon and scrape up the bits at the bottom of the pan.  Add in Italian seasoning, bay leaves and garlic.  Add in chopped tomatoes and tomato paste.  Stir and press the paste along the side of the pan to help dissolve into the pan.
Reduce to medium low.   Stir and cover for 2 1/2 hours.
Remove from heat and use 2 forks to shred pork in the sauce.  (If you are having a hard time just remove into a bowl then shred and return to pan.  Add mushrooms to the pan; cover over simmer for another hour.
The sauce will be nice and thick.  Taste for any additional seasonings and remove the bay leaves.  Serve and enjoy!

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
Italian Paleo OMG Ragù!  This was simply amazing.  We are at our lake house for the summer and our friends came over. I had a super busy day and while at the butcher deciding what to make the pork butt looked amazing.

I did serve this dish with a creamy polenta.  I am Italian!!  What can I say...  If you want to keep it Paleo then serve with sauté vegetables or sauté garlic spinach (I do that a lot).

Anyway..  Enjoy..

xo Cindy

PS:  This freezes well and taste even better the next day!  You can also prepare this meal in your slow cooker.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
4 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
