URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64590560/paleo-skillet-chocolate-chip-cookie/
Title:
Paleo Skillet Chocolate Chip Cookie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3780057.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons oil, melted
8 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened room temperature
1 cup coconut sugar
3 cups almond flour
1 cup tapioca flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon sea salt
2 large eggs, room temperature
1 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla
2 cups chocolate chips

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.  Brush cast iron pan with oil (coconut, olive or butter).
Add butter to a large mixing bowl and use the back of a wooden spoon and press into the bowl  Add in sugar and use a fork to combine together until incorporated well.
Add in almond flour, tapioca flour, baking soda and salt.  Combine well by starting with a fork then using the wooden spoon.  Make a well in the middle of the flour then whisk in eggs and vanilla then start to combine into the mixture.
Fold in the Chocolate Chips to incorporate.  Add mixture into the cast iron pan and use the back of the wooden spoon (or your fingers) and spread evenly.
Bake for 30 minutes or until it is golden brown and a tooth pick comes out clean.
Cindy's Note: If you are making this dessert then bringing to your friends house or will be enjoying a little later then bake for about 25 minutes.  When ready to enjoy place in oven on low for about 7 minutes.  Perfection....

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
I just love my cast iron pan for many of my recipes and we were invited to our friends for dinner and since it was on my stove top I decided to make a dessert!  Plus it looks great to bring the pan with the dessert in it to a friends house!  

Mine is a 12 inch so I made a really big cookie!  We just warmed it while we were eating in the oven then topped with ice cream and melted chocolate.  YUM!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
