URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64596357/lil-woodys-farmers-market-burger/
Title:
L'il Woody's Farmers Market Burger Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the seasoning:
1 ounce dried porcini mushrooms
2 teaspoons dried thyme
1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
2 teaspoons garlic powder
1 teaspoon red pepper flakes
2/3 cup sea salt
For the pickled red onions:
1 pound red onions, julienned
1/2 cup red wine vinegar
2 teaspoons fine sugar
salt and pepper, to taste
For the aioli:
2 eggs
1 teaspoon fresh garlic, chopped fine
1 teaspoon fresh dill, chopped fine
Juice of 1/2 lemon
1 cup oil (mostly canola with a little bit of olive oil is a good combo)
salt and pepper, to taste
For the burger patty:
5.5 ounces grass fed ground beef
To build the sandwich:
Brioche or egg bun, brushed with melted butter
2 slices heirloom tomatoes
1.5 ounces French goat cheese (chevre), crumbled
2.5 ounces (about 1/2 cup) arugula

Directions:
For the seasoning mixture (yes, this makes a big batch, but it can be stored in air-tight containers and kept for up to six months, for use on burgers, and other grilled meat), combine ingredients in a food processor, spice grinder or coffee grinder and blend until thoroughly mixed. Set aside.
For the aioli:
Separate the eggs and use only the yolks. Place yolks, garlic, dill and lemon juice in a food processor. Slowly add oil until mixture thickens. Set aside. (The extra aioli will keep in an airtight container in the fridge for up to four days.)
For the pickled red onions:
Place the sliced onions, red wine vinegar, sugar, salt and pepper in an airtight container. Let marinate at least 15 minutes. These pickled onions will last up to six months in the fridge.
To prepare the burger:
Season the patty liberally. Grill on high heat to desired cooking temperature. For example, for medium, the internal temperature should be 160 degrees.
Butter and toast the bun. Spread aioli on both the top and bottom buns.
Place the cooked patty on the bottom bun. Add the cheese, followed by the sliced tomato, 1 heaping tablespoon of pickled red onions and the arugula. Top it with the second half of the bun and serve.

Submitter: 
Leslie Kelly
Description: 
L'il Woody's executive chef Cory Alfano said he was inspired by the fresh flavors of summer when he created this burger served as a weekly special at the beloved Seattle restaurant: Imagine a nice summer Pacific Northwest day and wanting to grill some burgers with friends. Super easy, just go down to your local Farmer’s Market and pick-up some fresh ingredients from local purveyors to make an amazingly light but meaty late afternoon grilled burger. From the heirloom tomatoes, arugula and red onions. Local cheese makers and beef ranchers makes this “Farmer’s Market Burger” a sure thing. Please
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
1
Nutritional Facts:
NA
