URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64592983/jarries-master-recipe-for-breakfast-cookies/
Title:
JARRIE's Master Recipe for Breakfast Cookies Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 tbsp margarine (OR butter, OR light butter sticks, OR coconut oil OR canola oil), melted
1/3 cup Splenda brown sugar blend (OR brown sugar, OR Stevia in the Raw, OR honey, OR pure maple syrup)
2 large eggs
1/4 cup milk
1 tsp vanilla
1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1/2 tsp. salt
1 tsp baking soda
1.5 cups old-fashioned oats
3/4 cup mixed dried fruit (OR any other add-ins totaling 3/4 cup)

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Prepare a 12-slot whoopie pie tin, or line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
2. Mix dry ingredients in a large bowl: flour, salt, baking soda, oats, (and any dry spices if using).
3. Mix wet ingredients in a smaller bowl: melted margarine, sugar, eggs, milk, vanilla, (and any melted nut butters or fruit purees if using).
4. Mix wet into dry. Add any remaining ingredients.
5. Scoop mixture into 12 equal portions. Flatten with the back of a wet spoon (these cookies don't spread much, but they do puff up a bit).
6. Bake for 8-11 minutes depending on the size and shape of your cookie dough piles.
Note: You may substitute 1 egg for 1/4 cup melted nut butter (any) or 1/2 cup grated fruits/veg or 1/4 cup pureed fruit/veg.
Note: You may add any dry spices you please to the dry goods mix - try making zucchini bread cookies, carrot cake cookies, peanut butter turtle cookies - the possibilities are endless.
Note: You may sub out flour for powdered cocoa in an equal 1:1 ratio. But not ALL of it. 1-2 TBSP max.

Submitter: 
JARRIE
Description: 
My bff Liz asked me for a master recipe for breakfast cookies that she could use to easily create batches of cookies weekly for her kids. The dry ingredients can be stored in the freezer (232g of dry ingredients OR approx 2 cups scooped and leveled) indefinitely, and you can add the wet ingredients and seasonings each time, adjusting for variety!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
