URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64590551/paleo-boneless-chicken-wings/
Title:
Paleo Boneless Chicken Wings Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3780017.jpg
Ingredients:
2 pounds boneless chicken breasts
1 1/4 cup tapioca flour (tapioca starch)
2 teaspoons kosher salt
1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1 teaspoon paprika
Coconut oil
1-2 tablespoons unsalted butter
1 clove garlic, minced (about 1 teaspoon)
1 teaspoon ginger, freshly grated
1/2 cup coconut aminos
1/4 cup raw local honey
2 teaspoons sriracha (or more)
1 teaspoon sesame oil
2 scallions, thinly sliced
toothpicks - for serving!

Directions:
Take the chicken and trip off any excess and cut into 1 inch cubes.  Set aside.
In a large bowl add tapioca flour, salt, pepper, garlic powder, cayenne and paprika.  Use a fork to combine well.
Drop chicken cubes into the seasoned flour and coat all sides. (use your hands they work best)
In a large pan add about 2 tablespoons of coconut oil and 1 tablespoon of butter over a medium-high heat. This combination gives the chicken a nice crispy coating.  Once the oil is hot carefully add in chicken using tongs.  Cook each side for about 2 minutes; until brown then place on a plate lined with a paper towel or a paper bag.  Set aside.
**If you need to do this in batches add more oil and butter each time but make sure the oil gets very hot!
Reduce the temperature to medium then add in 2 tablespoons of coconut oil (only if there is no oil in the pan - if there is oil then omit this step).  Add in garlic, ginger and whisk into the oil.  Then add in coconut aminos, honey and sriracha while whisking.
Decrease temperature to low and cook for about 5 minutes then add the chicken to the pan and coat using a large spoon and cook for another 5-7 minutes or until the chicken is done and the sauce thickens.  Drizzle the sesame oil over the top and add in scallions.
Serve out of the pan (so you don't have to dirty a platter) or a serving dish with a side of toothpicks.  Enjoy

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
I was laughing to myself while making these because there is really no such thing as a boneless chicken wing.  But we are using the same method and using boneless chicken.

I love chicken wings and so do millions of others but when entertaining at home I don't like to make them because of the mess.  The bones that we need to discard, the big pan to fry the wings in and of course all of the sticky fingers!  

My Paleo boneless chicken recipe are not only healthy and easy to make but just pop in toothpicks and there won't be any sticky marks in your house!  

I hope you enjoy my version of
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
45 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
