URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64597213/mashed-cauliflower-sheppards-pie/
Title:
Mashed Cauliflower Sheppard's Pie Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3884826.jpg
Ingredients:
Garlic Mashed Cauliflower-
2 Head Cauliflower
2 Tablespoon Light Butter
2 Tablespoon Light Sour Cream
2 Cloves Garlic
1 Tablespoon Parmesan Cheese
1 Tablespoon Pepper
1 Tablespoon Kosher Salt
Turkey & Veggie Filling-
1 Pound Lean Ground Turkey (I used Jennie-0 99% Fat Free Ground Turkey)
1 Tablespoon Olive Oil
½ Yellow Onion
2 Celery Stalks
2 Cloves Garlic
8 oz Sliced Bella Mushrooms (Omit if you do not like mushrooms!)
8 oz Frozen Vegetable Mix (Carrots, Peas, Corn, Green Beans)
2 Tablespoons Whole Wheat Flour
1 Cup Water
2 Tablespoon Tomato Paste
1 Teaspoon Worcestershire Sauce
1 Teaspoon Garlic Powder
1 Teaspoon Paprika
1 Tablespoon Salt
1 Tablespoon Pepper

Directions:
For Garlic Mashed Cauliflower
Clean cauliflower and cut the center bottom to remove the stem and leaf parts.
Dice cauliflower into florets and put into a large pot. Fill pot with water to cover the cauliflower.
Season with a pinch of kosher salt and fresh cracked pepper.
Cover pot with lid and boil cauliflower for about 25 minutes until fork tender.
Drain cauliflower in a colander.
Add half of the cauliflower to a food processor (or blender).
Add light butter, light sour cream, garlic, salt and pepper to a food processor.
Mix until all ingredients are combined and cauliflower is a creamy texture.
Add the rest of the cauliflower to the food process and mix until cauliflower is a creamy, mashed potato consistency.
Set aside.
For Turkey & Veggie Filling
Preheat oven to 400 Degrees.
Chop onion and celery into small pieces and set aside.
Chop garlic and set aside.
Chop mushrooms into small pieces and set aside.
Brown ground turkey in a large pot and season with salt, pepper, and garlic powder. Once meat is cooked, pour into a bowl and set aside.
In the same skillet, add olive oil and heat on medium heat for 1 minute.
Add onion and celery and sauté for 15 minutes.
Add garlic and mushrooms and cook for 3 minutes.
Add flour, salt and pepper and mix well to coat the veggies.
Add frozen vegetables, water, Worcestershire sauce, tomato paste, and ground turkey.
Mix well, reduce heat to low and simmer for 10 minutes.
For Shepard’s Pie
Spray casserole dish with non-fat cooking spray.
Pour turkey and veggie mixture to dish. Spread to make even.
Pour mashed cauliflower over turkey mixture and spread to make even.
Top with parmesan cheese and sprinkle paprika.
Bake for 20 minutes.
Notes
To speed up the process, make the Garlic Mashed Cauliflower ahead of time, or while the turkey & veggie mixture is simmering.
Full recipe at: http://bitesofflavor.com/mashed-cauliflower-sheppards-pie/

Submitter: 
Bites of Flavor
Description: 
Mashed Cauliflower Sheppard's Pie- Guilt-free sheppard's pie with savory, spiced meat & veggies topped with creamy mashed cauliflower.  Mashed Cauliflower Sheppard's Pie has all the flavors of the traditional recipe without the guilt.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
