URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64590848/beef-enchiladas/
Title:
Beef Enchiladas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3784610.jpg
Ingredients:
Sauce:
2 tablespoons canola oil
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
4-5 dried chili pods (I used 2 ancho chilis and 3 california chilis)
2 cups water  and 1 chicken bouillon cube or packaged/canned chicken broth
2 onions, cut into quarters
6-8 garlic cloves
1 cup sliced cherry tomatoes
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon black pepper
1.5 tsp. sugar
1/2 tsp. oregano
1/4 tsp. cumin
1/2 tsp. chili powder
Meat:
1 pound ground beef
1 medium shallot, finely chopped
5 garlic cloves, crushed and chopped
1/2 tsp salt
1/2 tsp black pepper
1/2 tsp Italian seasoning
Tortillas and Filling:
Canola oil, for frying
10 corn tortillas
One 4-ounce can diced green chilies
1 cup chopped green onions
1/2 cup sliced or chopped black olives
2 cups grated Mexican cheese blend
1 cup cheddar cheese
Cilantro, for garnish

Directions:
For the sauce:
Clean chili pods by cutting in half with shears and remove seeds.  Cut onions in quarters.  Add olive oil on a baking pan and place cut onions and whole garlic cloves.  Set oven on broil and place the pan in oven to char onions and garlic for 3 minutes.
Meanwhile, toast chili pods laying flat in a frying pan to extract flavor.  When done, place in boiling water and chicken bouillon or chicken broth to soften.
When onions and garlic are slightly charred, add in the tomatoes.  Broil tomatoes, onion and garlic for about 2-3 more minutes and set aside when done.  Toss the softened chili pods in a blender with the liquid from the saucepan together with the broiled onions, garlic and tomatoes and cumin, chili powder, oregano, salt and pepper.  Blend to liquify and then strain.
In a saucepan over medium-low heat, combine the canola oil and whisk in flour.  Pour in the red sauce and simmer.
For the meat:
While the sauce is simmering, brown the ground beef.  Strain and discard the fat/grease and set aside in a bowl.  Using the same pan, saute onions and garlic. Add the strained browned meat, salt, pepper and Italian seasoning and stir to combine. Turn off the heat and set aside.
For the tortilla filling:
In a small skillet over medium heat, heat some canola oil. Lightly fry the tortillas just until soft. Drain on a paper towel-lined plate. Repeat until all the tortillas have been fried.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.  Spread 1/2 cup of the red sauce in the bottom of a 9x13-inch baking dish. Dip each tortilla into the sauce. Set the sauce-soaked tortilla on a plate. Place on some of the meat mixture, chilies, green onions and black olives. Top with a Mexican cheese blend. Roll up the tortilla to contain the filling inside.
Place the tortilla seam side down in the baking dish. Pour the remaining sauce over the top. End with a generous sprinkling of cheddar cheese and any other extra leftover chiles, green onions or olives.
Bake the enchiladas for 20 minutes, or until bubbly. Sprinkle chopped cilantro over the top and serve.

Submitter: 
Sheila Baker Shedd
Description: 
Yummy, cheesy beef enchiladas with homemade red sauce that is sure to please.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
