URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64597202/slow-cooker-green-chili-chicken/
Title:
Slow Cooker Green Chili Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3884624.jpg
Ingredients:
For Chicken-
1 ½ Pounds Chicken Thighs
4 Cups Water
1 Bunch Cilantro
1 White Onion
2 Cloves Garlic
1 Tablespoon Cumin
1 Tablespoon Chili Powder
1 Teaspoon Salt
1 Tablespoon Pepper
For Green Chili Sauce-
1 Pound Tomatillos
½ Jalapeno
4 oz Canned Green Chilies
1 Bunch of Cilantro Leaves
2 Tablespoons White Vinegar
1 Tablespoon Cumin
1 Tablespoon Chili Powder
1 Tablespoon Honey
2 Teaspoons Kosher Salt
1 Tablespoon Pepper
1 Tablespoon Canola Oil
1 Cup Canned White Beans (I used Great Northern Beans)

Directions:
For Chicken-
Remove stems from cilantro and tie together; save cilantro leaves for future use.
Dice onion into 4 chunks.
Remove skin from garlic.
In a crock-pot, add water, chicken thighs, cilantro stems, onion and garlic.
Season with cumin, chili powder, salt, and pepper.
Cook on low for 8-10 hours.
Remove chicken and shred. Set aside.
Save liquid from crock pot and save onion and garlic.
Dice onion and garlic and set aside.
To make Green Chili Sauce-
Preheat oven to 450 degrees.
Spray a baking sheet with non-fat cooking spray.
Remove husk from tomatillos, wash, and cut in half.
Place tomatillos onto baking sheet with cut side face down.
Lay jalapeno onto baking sheet.
Roast tomatillos and jalapeno in oven for 25 minutes.
Wrap jalapeno in foil to let it “sweat” for about 10 minutes (to make it easier to remove the skin).
Remove the skin of the jalapeno.
Transfer tomatillos, jalapeno, cilantro green chilies, white vinegar, cumin, chili powder, honey, salt, and pepper to a food processor (or blender). Mix until well combined.
In a large pot, add tomatillos sauce from food processor, shredded chicken, diced onion and garlic (left from the crock pot), and white beans.
Add 1 to 1 ½ cup of liquid from the crock pot white beans.
Simmer for 15 minutes.
Serve over cooked brown rice and garnish with chopped cilantro, pico de gallo, avocado and cheese if desired.
Notes
**If you add 1 cup uncooked rice to the recipe, the points will increase to 13 SmartPoints per serving.

Submitter: 
Bites of Flavor
Description: 
Healthy version of chicken chili made in a crock pot!  Slow Cooker Green Chili Chicken is hearty with a hint of spice.  Serve over rice or wrap in a tortilla!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
