URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64597971/gluten-free-vanilla-honey-apple-crumble/
Title:
Gluten-Free Vanilla Honey Apple Crumble Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
For the apple filling:
3 Tablespoons Bob's Red Mill Gluten-Free flour
3 Tablespoons sunflower oil
5 small Gala apples
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
pinch of cloves
1/2 cup honey
For the crumble crust:
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 cup Bob's Red Mill Gluten-Free flour
1/4 cup packed brown sugar
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1 Tablespoon sunflower oil

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degree C).
For the filling:
Peel the gala apples and set aside the peels in a separate bowl.
Core and dice the gala apples and set aside.
Spread the 3 Tablespoons of sunflower oil in the bottom of a large saucepan on medium-low heat.  Whisk in the 3 Tablespoons of GF flour.  Let cook, stirring slightly for a minute or so to get rid of the raw flour flavor.  Whisk in 1 tsp cinnamon, nutmeg, clove, 1/2 cup honey, and 2 teaspoons vanilla extract.
Add apples to the large saucepan and mix thoroughly to completely cover apples with spice sauce.
In a separate bowl, mix together all the ingredients for the crumble crust.  If there is too much powder that won't incorporate, drizzle a little honey and mix it all together.  It should resemble a very crumbly dough.
Spread the apples out into a one-and-a-half quart baking dish and sprinkle with crumble crust.
Finely dice the apple peels and sprinkle over top of the crumble crust.
Set in the middle rack and bake for 30 minutes.

Submitter: 
SonFlower
Description: 
For people that need gluten-free (GF), low refined sugar and low cholesterol options, this recipe is a must!  Apples are high in soluble fiber, which is good for lowering cholesterol.  Unfortunately, the highest fiber part of the apple is the peel.  In this recipe, the peel is reincorporated as a crunchy, extra apple-y topping.  The honey used in this recipe is regular, liquid honey -- NOT the more solid, creamy type which is usually used in baking.

I use an oval, one-and-a-half quart corning ware baking dish.  This is important because the size of your dish's surface area will directly imp
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
