URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64590552/paleo-chicken-marsala/
Title:
Paleo Chicken Marsala Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 skinless, boneless, chicken breasts (about 1 1/2 pounds)
Sea salt
Freshly ground black pepper
1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, divided for cooking chicken
1 tablespoon unsalted butter, divided for cooking chicken
1 small shallot, finely chopped (2 tablespoons)
6 slices prosciutto, cut in thirds
8 ounces crimini or bella mushrooms, stemmed and halved
1/2 cup sweet Marsala wine
1/2 cup chicken stock
2 tablespoon unsalted butter
1/4 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley

Directions:
Place the chicken breasts on a clean cutting board and gently placing your hand on the top of the breast slice in half using a sharp chefs knife. Lay a piece of plastic wrap over them; pound with a flat meat mallet, until they are about 1/4-inch thick.
Season both sides with salt and pepper.
Heat a large sauté pan over medium-high then add in oil and butter. (Add a tablespoon of oil and a little butter for each batch)
When the oil is very hot and butter melted add the chicken cutlets into the pan and fry for 5 minutes on each side until golden, turning once – Do not crowd the pan!  Remove the chicken to a large platter to keep warm.
Lower the heat to medium and add more oil if needed then the shallots and prosciutto to the pan, sauté for 1 minute.
Next, add the mushrooms and sauté until they are nicely browned, about 5 minutes; season with salt and pepper. Pour the Marsala in the pan and boil down for a few seconds. Add the chicken stock and simmer for a minute to reduce the sauce slightly.
Stir in the 1 tablespoon unsalted butter and return the chicken to the pan; simmer gently for 1 minute to heat the chicken through.
Season with salt and pepper and garnish with chopped parsley before serving.
Note!  I made this dish for our lake neighbors.  I sautéed the chicken in advance (just to brown) and put in a baking dish then covered and refrigerated.  When ready to get dinner going I sautéed  the rest of the ingredients, poured over the chicken in the baking dish and baked at 300 degrees for 15 minutes.   Perfect!

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
Here is my  One-Pot Paleo recipe on the traditional Chicken Marsala!  Great dish for entertaining and preparing in advance.  Stress free...
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
30 m
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
