URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64598638/chipotle-chicken-copycat/
Title:
Chipotle Chicken Copycat Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3906901.jpg
Ingredients:
4-5 large chicken breasts
7-8 oz can of chipotle peppers in adobo sauce
6-8 cloves of garlic minced
1/4 tsp cumin
1 tsp black pepper
2 tsp salt
1 Tbs olive oil
2 drops Liquid Smoke (optional)

Directions:
To Make Marinade: Mix peppers with sauce, garlic, cumin, black pepper, salt and olive oil together in glass bowl. If you want your marinade hot, cut slightly/mash peppers depending on how hot you want the marinade.
Prepare Chicken by cutting chicken breasts so they are approximately 3/4"  thick and slightly pierce with a fork.
Lay chicken breasts in a shallow glass pan, and cover with marinade. Arrange chicken in a single layer to cover both sides of chicken with marinade. Let sit covered in fridge, for at least an hour. Longer if you like more intense flavors.
To Pan Fry: Heat pan until very hot. Add 1 Tbs olive oil, and place chicken in pan to sear. Reduce heat to medium.
Fry for 5 min on one side, flip and fry 5 min on the other side.
Turn heat up to high, to caramelize the pan, and to slightly brown the breasts.
Remove chicken from pan. Let chicken rest in glass dish for 4-5 min to cool, then cube.
De-glaze pan slightly with 2-3 Tbs of water, reduce slightly, and pour over cubed chicken and mix.
Add chicken to cilantro & lime rice, beans, lettuce, fried peppers & onions, salsa, sour cream, or any of your favorite fixings on a tortilla or in a bowl.
NOTE! If you handle peppers, make sure you are using gloves or suitable cooking tools.

Submitter: 
cullivoe
Description: 
My version of Chipotle Chicken. If you like it hot, dice up chipotle peppers slightly. If you like it REALLY HOT, mash them! This marinade works best if you cut large chicken breasts in half width-wise, and split the thick top portion to reduce the thickness of the meat. Chicken can be pan fried or grilled.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
1 hr 1 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
