URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64590577/saute-spinach-and-kale-topped-with-caramelized-shallots/
Title:
Sauté Spinach and Kale topped with Caramelized Shallots Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3780142.jpg
Ingredients:
2 tablespoons unsalted butter or ghee
2 tablespoons olive oil
8-10 shallots, peeled and sliced
1 teaspoon sea salt
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
------------------------------
6 cups kale, chopped removed stem
2 tablespoons unsalted butter or ghee
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 yellow onion, chopped (about 1/2 cup)
2 teaspoon arrowroot flour
4 cups baby spinach
2 cups low sodium chicken broth
1/2 cup cream
1 teaspoon sea salt
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg

Directions:
In a large pan over medium-low heat add in butter and oil. Toss in shallots and let cook for about 20 minutes.  Stir around often with a wooden spoon.  (stay near the stove).  Remove from pan and into a bowl.
Wipe down pan with a paper towel and fill about 3/4 with water and bring to to a boil.  Add in about 2 tablespoons of salt.  Toss in chopped kale pressing down into the boiling water for about 7 minutes.  Drain and set aside.
Using the same pot add in butter and oil.  Once hot add in onions and cook for about 3 minutes stirring often with a wooden spoon.  Add in arrowroot flour and stir to coat the onions.  Add in spinach and let sauté for 3-4 minutes.  Pour in chicken broth and add in kale.  Let cook for about 5 minutes while the broth reduces.  Add in cream, salt, pepper and nutmeg.  Let cook for another 2-3 minutes.
Add shallots to the top of the spinach/kale then tent with foil and lower the temperature until ready to serve.

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
I was watching the foodnetwork and Bobby Flay was making this recipe and OMG it looked so good but I wanted to make it a little healthier so this is what inspired me.  I just LOVE shallots and OMG was this side dish amazing. I served it with my Stuffed Turkey and enjoyed this dinner with my lake neighbors and hubby.  

My husband pared this dish with our favorite Peju wine!

Enjoy!

Cindy's Note: You can make the shallots up to a day in advance and just store in the refrigerator until you made the spinach and kale.  (that is what I did)
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 mins
Ready in:
30 mins
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
