URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64590570/roasted-cauliflower-bacon-au-gratin-with-sliced-asparagus-and-a-sherry-soy-reduction/
Title:
Roasted Cauliflower Bacon Au gratin with sliced Asparagus and a Sherry Soy Reduction Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3780112.jpg
Ingredients:
1 head cauliflower, cut into florets
2-3 tablespoons olive oil
Kosher salt
Freshly ground pepper
3 slice bacon, chopped
2 tablespoons unsalted butter
2 tablespoons arrowroot flour
1/4 cup coconut milk
3 tablespoons organic cheddar cheese
10 spears asparagus, chopped
-----------------------
2 tablespoons coconut aminos
2 tablespoons sherry
1 tablespoon sesame oil
1 teaspoon honey
1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes

Directions:
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.
Add cauliflower florets into a large bowl.  Drizzle in olive oil to coat.  Add in 1 teaspoon of salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Toss around then add in a single layer on a large baking sheet.  Roast for 20 minutes.
Meanwhile take an oven safe sauté pan over medium heat.  Add in bacon and cook until crispy.  Remove from pan and place on a paper towel lined plate.
Using the fat from the bacon add in butter over medium heat.  Add in arrowroot and mix well using a wooden spoon.  Add in coconut milk and cheese.  Let cook stirring often. Season with a pinch of salt and pepper.
Take cauliflower out of the oven and toss into pan and coat all florets.  Top with asparagus pieces and bacon.  Drizzle with a little olive oil.  Reduct oven to 350 degrees and bake for 10 minutes.
To make the soy reduction add all ingredients in a small pan and stir.  Set to a medium-low temperature and let cook until reduced by half.  Stir often.
Remove cauliflower from oven then drizzle soy reduction before serving.  Enjoy!

Submitter: 
Cindy Anschutz Barbieri
Description: 
Hubby and I were at the Farmers Market and picked up tons of fresh vegetables, fish dip and a leg of lamb for Easter and a few tenderloins.  Last night I really wanted salmon and I created this amazing side dish and it's Paleo for you to enjoy!

I used only 3 tablespoons of organic cheddar for the au gratin and wow was this a perfect side.  I hope we have left overs as it will be all stored together and enjoyed for lunch today!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
