URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64602881/pumpkin-spice-snack-mix/
Title:
Pumpkin Spice Snack Mix Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
4 cups honey nut Chex cereal
2 cups pretzels
1 bag (6 oz) caramel Bugles
1/4 cup butter, melted
1/4 cup brown sugar
1 tbsp pumpkin pie spice
1/2 tsp vanilla extract
1 bag (8 oz) Boo-terscotch M&M;’s
1 cup harvest candy mix (candy corn, candy pumpkins)
1/2 cup Reese’s pieces

Directions:
In a large mixing bowl, mix the cereal, pretzels and Bugles
In a small bowl, stir together melted butter, brown sugar, pumpkin pie spice, and vanilla and then pour over the dry mix. Stir to coat.
On a baking sheet lined with parchment paper or a Silpat, spread out the mixture into an even layer
Bake at 275 for 45 minutes, stirring every 15 minutes. (Your house will smell AMAZING)
Spread on wax paper to cool and then toss with the candy pieces. Store in an airtight container and eat by the hearty handful.
pumpkin-spice-snack-mix-basket
About Jennifer Fishkind
Hi! I’m Jenn - mother to three beautiful boys, wife to an amazing husband, social influencer and
Hi! I’m Jenn - mother to three beautiful boys, wife to an amazing husband, social influencer and blogger. I live in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan where we are fortunate to be surrounded by wonderful friends and family. For almost 20 years I worked in the not-for-profit world, but not so long ago I took a leap of faith and decided to dedicate myself first to my family and then to my website and my Pinterest addiction (check me out, I have more than 3.5 million followers! www.pinterest.com/jfishkind). Any questions - shoot me an email at jennifer.fishkind@gmail.com. read more…

Submitter: 
Gina Lee Lafreniere
Description: 
Grab a big bowl and fill it up for Halloween parties, Harvest Festivals, Thanksgiving or any other excuse you’ve got to party this fall. It’s easy to double the batch- just bake on two cookie sheets. The M&M;’s aren’t a requirement and they can get a little pricey, but they do add a delicious layer of butterscotch flavor. But feel free to switch them out for something else if you’re trying to keep the price down for a larger batch. Happy Fall!
COPYRIGHT © 2016 · PRINCESS PINKY GIRL · GRITS DESIGN
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10
Ready in:
55
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
