URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64603272/dark-chocolate-cherry-mini-pavlovas-with-hazelnut-liqueur/
Title:
Dark Chocolate Cherry Mini Pavlovas with Hazelnut Liqueur Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3980238.jpg
Ingredients:
Cherry Topping:
1 (21 ounce) can cherry pie filling
3 tablespoons hazelnut liqueur
Whipped Cream:
1 1/2 cups heavy whipping cream
1 teaspoon hazelnut extract (or 1 tablespoon hazelnut liqueur)
1 tablespoon superfine sugar
Pavlovas:
4 egg whites
¼ teaspoon cream of tartar
¼ cup dark brown sugar
¾ cups superfine sugar
2 tablespoons dark cocoa
1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar
1 tablespoon hazelnut liqueur (or 1 teaspoon hazelnut extract)
4 ounces finely chopped or grated dark semi-sweet chocolate, divided
½ cup chopped toasted hazelnuts

Directions:
Preheat oven  to 300 degrees.
Prepare a rimmed baking sheet by lining with parchment paper.
Stir together cherry pie filling and liqueur and set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, whisk eggs together until soft peaks form.  Gradually whisk in sugars, a few tablespoons at a time, and continue to whisk, adding hazelnut liqueur and beating until stiff peaks form.  Gently fold in cocoa and vinegar, being careful not to deflate egg mixture, then do the same with the chopped chocolate.
Scoop mixture onto parchment lined baking sheets,  smoothing into four-inch-rounds, leaving about an inch in between.  Gently make a small indentation in the center of each, using the back of a spoon, being careful not to make the bottom too thin.
Bake in oven at 300 degrees for approximately 30 minutes.  Pavlovas should feel slightly stiff to the touch, and may crack while baking.
Remove from oven and allow to cool completely on parchment lined baking sheet.  Gently use a spatula to peel from paper to serve.
Meanwhile, whip 1 cup of heavy cream with sugar and hazelnut extract until soft peaks form.
To serve, place a generous scoop of whipped cream on each pavlova.  Top with cherry mixture, then sprinkle with remaining chopped dark chocolate and toasted hazelnuts.
Hints:
Toasting chopped hazelnuts is easy in the microwave!  On a microwave safe plate, microwave at thirty-second intervals for approximately three minutes, turning gently after each interval.
Using a stand mixer makes this recipe much easier, but you can use a hand beater for the whipped cream and the pavlovas if you prefer.

Submitter: 
Angela Sackett  Superhotmama
Description: 
Using premade pie filling but adding a grown-up twist, pavlovas are a deceptively simple dessert that is decidedly grown up and elegant... and a little bit on the dark side.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
