URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64609254/big-rays-crock-pot-vegetarian-greek-lentil-casserole/
Title:
Big Ray's Crock Pot Vegetarian Greek Lentil Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4124214.jpg
Ingredients:
2 cups brown lentils, picked over and rinsed
1 large onion, chopped small
1 Tbsp minced garlic (or more)
3 cups vegetable stock or broth
2 bay leaves
1 tsp fresh ground black pepper
1 tsp oregano
1 tsp Greek Seasoning
1 can (14.5 oz.) petite-diced or crushed tomatoes, drained well
1 large green bell pepper, seeds removed and finely chopped
1 large red bell pepper, seeds removed and finely chopped
1  1/2 cup crumbled Feta cheese (more or less to taste), divided
thinly sliced green onions for garnish (optional)

Directions:
Spray the slow cooker insert with non-stick spray (or use liner for easy clean-up).  Combine lentils, chopped onion, minced garlic, vegetable broth, bay leaves, black pepper, oregano, and Greek seasoning in the slow cooker and cook on HIGH for 3 - 3 1/2 hours. (Older lentils will take a bit longer to cook, but start checking to see if the lentils are almost done after 3 hours.)
When the lentils are nearly soft, stir in the drained tomatoes and bell peppers and cook 30 minutes more. Then add the 1 cup of crumbled Feta, stir gently, and cook 15-20 minutes more.
If you want to add more crumbled Feta and brown it in the oven, preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Remove the crock from the slow cooker, sprinkle the top with the extra 1/2 cup of crumbled Feta, and bake 20 minutes.  Serve hot, garnished with thinly sliced green onions if desired.

Submitter: 
bfr610
Description: 
Crock Pot Vegetarian Greek Lentil Casserole is an easy and delicious vegetarian casserole of lentils with tomatoes, peppers, and Feta.  My family  loves all the Greek flavors in this gluten-free casserole that can a meatless main dish or a tasty side dish.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
