URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64605580/roasted-butternut-squash-black-bean-chorizo-enchiladas/
Title:
Roasted Butternut Squash, Black Bean & Chorizo Enchiladas Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4033131.jpg
Ingredients:
2 1/2 cups 1/2-inch cubed butternut squash (12-ounces, or about 1 small-medium peeled, seeded squash)
1/3 cup chopped sweet onion
1 cup crumbled and browned soy chorizo
1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil
2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, plus extra for garnish
12 ounces mild green salsa
1/3 cup plain greek yogurt or sour cream, plus extra for topping
2 cups shredded Mexican cheese blend
10 corn tortillas
1 large avocado peeled, pitted and sliced

Directions:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Place cubed butternut squash and chopped onions on a large baking pan. Drizzle with olive oil and season lightly with salt and pepper. Toss to coat. Roast for 20 minutes or until tender. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F.
In a medium bowl, stir together roasted butternut squash/onion mixture, beans, soy chorizo, and cilantro. In another medium bowl, stir together salsa and yogurt.
Pour a thin layer of the salsa sauce over the bottom of  a 9 x 13 baking dish (two 8 inch square dishes would work as well). Dip each corn tortilla in salsa/yogurt mixture, then place about 1/3 cup of the squash and bean mixture into each tortilla. Top with 1 tablespoon of cheese and roll up. Place seam-side-down in the baking dish. Continue until all the squash mixture is used up. Pour the remaining salsa sauce over the top of enchiladas. Sprinkle with the remaining cheese. Bake at 350 degrees until cheese has melted and starting to brown in places, about 30 minutes. Let cool for 5 minutes. Garnish with cilantro and serve with extra yogurt/sour cream and avocado.

Submitter: 
blackberry
Description: 
This is a tasty variation on enchiladas! My version is vegetarian with soy chorizo, but it could easily be switched out for regular chorizo or taco seasoned ground beef. Save time and work by buying pre-cubed bags of butternut squash. This is a mildly spicy dish, so you can cool it down a little by topping with sliced avocado and a dollop of plain greek yogurt or sour cream.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
5
Nutritional Facts:
NA
