URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64601107/pasta-bolognese/
Title:
Pasta Bolognese Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3937457.jpg
Ingredients:
1/4 cup Extra Virgin Olive Oil (EVOO)
1 medium Onion, finely chopped
1 medium Bell Pepper, finely chopped
3-4 Celery stalks, finely chopped
2 slices of thickly sliced Pancetta, finely diced
1 pound lean Ground Beef
1/4 pound Ground Pork
2 cloves Garlic, minced
1/2 teaspoon fresh Thyme
1/2 teaspoon crushed Red Pepper flakes
1 cup Dry Red Wine
3/4 cup Chicken Stock
2 Tomatoes, diced
1 Tablespoons Tomato Paste
Salt, to taste
Freshly ground Black Pepper, to taste
1/2 cup fresh Basil leaves, chopped
Fettuccine or other pasta
Freshly grated Parmesean

Directions:
Heat 1 tablespoon EVOO in a large saucepan.  Add onion, bell pepper, celery, and pancetta and cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are softened but not browned. This should take about 7-8 minutes.  Once cooked, transfer the vegetable mixture to a bowl.
Heat the remaining EVOO in the same saucepan over medium-high heat.  Add the ground beef and pork, crumbling the meat with a wooden spoon until the meat is no longer pink and has started to brown, approximately 5-7 minutes.  Stir in the garlic, thyme and red pepper flakes and cook an additional minute.
Pour red wine and chicken stock in the skillet and stir, making sure to scrape up any browned bits.  Add the tomatoes and tomato paste, and cooked vegetables.  Stir until it is combined with the mixture.
Bring the meat mixture to a boil and then lower the heat and cook for 40 minutes.  Season to taste with the salt and black pepper and cook for and additional 10 minutes.  Add chopped basil leaves and remove from heat.
In a large pot of boiling water, cook pasta as directed until al dente.  Drain well and toss the pasta along with the sauce in a large, deep bowl.  Serve with the grated Parmesan on the side.

Submitter: 
Kevin G
Description: 
A simple and classic Italian dish that is a step up from your everyday American spaghetti and meat sauce.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
1 hr 30 min
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
