URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64603497/ip-barbecue-beans/
Title:
IP Barbecue Beans Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 C dry navy beans, sorted and rinsed
6 C water
2 bay leaves
4 slices of bacon sliced into approx 1/4" wide pieces
1 C onion, chopped
2 cloves garlic, diced
1/4 C green pepper, diced-could be bell, jalapeno, etc. I had a poblano this time
1/4 C Dijon mustard-I use Dijon if I have it but any mustard is fine
1/4 C molasses
1/4 C tomato paste
1/2 C brown sugar
2 Tblsp BBQ Sauce
2 Tblsp soy sauce
2 Tblsp hot sauce
1 Tblsp Worcestshire sauce
1 Tblsp chili powder
1 tsp seasoned salt-I used Lawry's Fire Roasted Chile & Garlic-love that stuff!
2 whole cloves

Directions:
Place beans, water and bay in Pressure Cooker, bring to high pressure for 15 minutes. Automatically release pressure, or place under running water if you have a stove top PC.
Reserve 2 cups of cooking liquid and drain beans. Place beans and 2 cups liquid back into PC. Discard bay.
In large skillet, cook bacon until it's crisp, place bacon on a paper towel and remove all but 1 Tblsp of bacon fat. Add onion and cook 3-4 minutes, add garlic and cook for 1 more minute.
Turn off heat, add everything else to skillet and mix well.
Pour this over the beans, do not stir. Don't know why we shouldn't, but I don't.
Return to high pressure for 10 minutes then automatically release pressure, or place under running water if you have a stove top PC.
Before serving remove the cloves.
The mixture will thicken as it stands (and it truly does), but you can mash some of the beans if you'd like to thicken it quicker.
Notes:
The beauty of this recipe is the sauce gets mixed together and you can taste it before adding it to the beans. Now, you know your crowd... Want it sweeter? Use more brown sugar. Concerned about the hot sauce? Don't use it. Want more bacon? Go ahead, I won't tell Earl...
At the end of cooking time there will be a lot of liquid, just give it a good stir, it does thicken up as it sits and most of the liquid will be absorbed once it's reheated.
Trying to fish out the cloves at the end is difficult... Next time I'm going to try adding them to the first 15 minute cook time, that way I'll be able to see them easier when I drain the beans.

Submitter: 
Laurie Crofoot
Description: 
pressure cooked
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
5 min
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
