URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64606092/fancy-crusted-rosemary-scalloped-potatoes/
Title:
Fancy-Crusted Rosemary Scalloped Potatoes Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4044061.jpg
Ingredients:
Cooking spray
3-1/2 lbs. red potatoes (or potatoes of your choice)
3 T butter
3 T flour
½ teaspoon salt
2 cloves garlic, minced
2 T minced fresh rosemary
1-1/2 cups Parmesan cheese
2 cups whole milk
1 teaspoon olive oil

Directions:
1.	Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
2.	For the crust: on the thinnest setting, use a mandolin to slice 3 or 4 of the potatoes. (More if needed.)
3.	Coat an 8x8” baking dish with cooking spray.
4.	Line the bottom of the dish with thin potato slices, overlapping them in places so that most of the crust ends up being 2 to 3 potato slices deep. Continue placing slices up and along the sides of the dish, with about a half inch of the slices sticking above the rim of the baking dish. Overlap them so that you’re covering ¾ of your last slice with the new slice as you work your way around. You’ll want the sides to be about four slices deep so the edges don’t get too brown while cooking.
5.	For the filling: slice the remaining potatoes using a slightly thicker setting on your mandolin than you used for the crust slices.
6.	Arrange 1/3 of the potato slices in the baking dish and sprinkle 1/3 of the Parmesan, garlic, and rosemary on top. Repeat this process with another 1/3 of all the ingredients. Arrange the remaining potato slices, but reserve the remaining rosemary, garlic, and Parmesan for now. (Helpful tip: use a knife to shift potato slices over in a few spots, creating little “wells” so that when you pour the sauce on top, it’s easier for it to flow throughout the middle of the potato slices.)
7.	In a medium saucepan on medium heat, melt the butter and whisk in flour. Whisk constantly for about a minute, then add the milk and stir occasionally for 5 or 6 minutes, until sauce thickens. Stir in salt. Remove from heat.
8.	Pour sauce slowly over potato slices in the baking dish.
9.	Sprinkle the reserved Parmesan and rosemary on top.
10.	Use a basting brush (or you can just use your fingers) to coat potato crust edges that stick above the baking dish with olive oil.
11.	Bake in preheated oven for 60-75 minutes, until potatoes are soft.

Submitter: 
Mackenzie Schieck
Description: 
Slices of potatoes are layered around the baking dish to create a beautiful crust for these creamy rosemary potatoes.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
1 h, 45 min
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
