URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64600215/big-rays-one-simple-tuscan-chicken/
Title:
Big Ray's One Simple Tuscan Chicken Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3927758.jpg
Ingredients:
1 lb boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cubed
8 oz mushrooms, sliced
1/2 yellow onion, diced
2-3 cloves garlic, minced
2 medium tomatoes, diced
1 (15 oz) can Cannelini Beans, drained and rinsed
1/2 cup chopped sun-dried tomatoes
1/3 cup black olives
2-3 Tbsp olive oil
1 Tbsp honey
1 Tbsp balsamic vinegar
1 tsp oregano
1 tsp thyme
2 Tbsp fresh basil, chopped for garnish
Salt & pepper to taste

Directions:
In a large skillet over medium heat, add the cubed chicken pieces and cook for about 8 minutes on both sides, until cooked through. Remove chicken and transfer to a plate.
Add 1 Tbsp of olive oil to the skillet and sauté the sliced mushrooms 5 – 7 minutes until the mushrooms are tender and the juices have evaporated. Set aside.
Add another 1 Tbsp olive oil to the skillet and the diced onion. Sauté the onions 3 – 4 minutes until translucent. Add the minced garlic to the onions and sauté  together one more minute. Add salt and pepper to taste while cooking.
Add 1 Tbsp olive oil to the skillet and toss the diced tomatoes, sun-dried tomatoes, Cannelini beans, and black olives. Season again with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Sprinkle in the oregano, thyme and drizzle the balsamic vinegar and honey. Stir a few minutes.
Add the cooked chicken and mushrooms to the skillet – stir and cook 1-2 minutes, or until chicken is heated through. Add more salt and pepper if needed.
Serve hot, garnished with the fresh basil.

Submitter: 
bfr610
Description: 
This one skillet tuscan chicken is just SO good and satisfying. Plus, it comes together quickly, perfect for those busy weeknights. I love one-skillet recipes, easy to make & easy to clean up.  The Cannelini beans are a great addition to this meal and turn this one skillet tuscan chicken into a super filling quick meal. If you want to make it paleo, skip the Cannelini beans.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
