URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64601492/big-rays-southwestern-quinoa-and-black-bean-casserole/
Title:
Big Ray's Southwestern Quinoa and Black Bean Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3944931.jpg
Ingredients:
3 large cloves garlic, minced
1 onion, minced
2 jalapenos, seeds and ribs removed, minced
1 Tbsp oil
4½ cups cooked black beans, rinsed
1¼ cup vegetable broth
2 cups cooked quinoa
½ tsp cayenne pepper
1 tsp chili powder
1 tsp cumin
4 bell peppers, diced
1¼ cup shredded Mexican cheese
sliced green onions

Directions:
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the garlic, onion, and jalapeno, sauteing for 4 minutes and stirring occasionally. Stir in broth and black beans. Bring mixture to a boil and cook for 5 minutes. Mash beans to desired consistency.  The mixture should be thick, not watery.  Taste and season with salt.
In a dry nonstick skillet over medium high heat, toss and toast the cooked quinoa with the cayenne, chili powder, cumin, and salt for 1-2 minutes. Taste and season with salt. Set aside.
In the same dry nonstick skillet over medium high heat, place the diced peppers and do NOT stir. Allow the peppers to get a brown roasted look on the outside. Wait for 2-3 minutes before stirring and let them "roast" for another few minutes before removing from the heat.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Spoon black bean mixture into a 9 x 13 glass baking dish coated with cooking spray. Top with quinoa, bell peppers, and cheese. Cover with foil and bake for 20 minutes. Remove foil and bake for another 10 minutes, or until the top layer of cheese was golden and bubbly. Sprinkle with green onions and let cool for at least 10 minutes (otherwise it will be too runny). Serve with sour cream, tortilla chips, on tacos, on a salad, or just eat it plain!

Submitter: 
bfr610
Description: 
This is a perfect side dish or even main course meal.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
10 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
