URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64602311/tomato-feta-galette/
Title:
Tomato & Feta Galette Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3958992.jpg
Ingredients:
1  sheet puff pastry, thawed
1 tablespoons olive oil
1 tablespoon butter
1 large onion, diced
2 clove garlic, minced
1/2 c panko breadcrumbs
1/2 c Parmesan cheese (or more to taste)
1/2 c crumbled feta
1 tablespoon fresh thyme
1 tablespoon fresh parsley
1 pound heirloom tomatoes (or whatever kind you have)
1 egg beaten
2 tablespoons thinly sliced bail
Salt and pepper to taste

Directions:
Heat oil and butter in skillet. Add onions and sauté until translucent ~10-15 minutes, stirring as needed. Add garlic, salt, pepper, thyme and sauté until fragrant about 2 minutes. Set aside to cool until needed.
On lightly floured surface roll out puff pastry  until a 11x11 square. Place on flat baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Place in freezer until ready to use.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees Fahrenheit .
Slice the tomatoes in to 1/4 inch thick  round slices, and arrange on wire rack over a baking sheet. Sprinkle with salt and set aside for 10 minutes to drain.
In small bowl mix together the Parmesan, bread crumb, parsley and feta.
Remove pastry from freezer (its okay if it is frozen it will thaw by the time it is cooked).  Layer bottom of pastry with 1/2 of the parmigiana cheese mixture leaving a 1 inch border around the edges. Spread the sautéed onions evenly over the cheese. Blot the tomatoes dry and arrange them Ina pattern over the onions. Sprinkle the remaining Parmesan mixture evenly over the top. Fold the border of the pastry up an over the edge of the tomatoes. Lightly brush pastry with egg.
Bake the galette for 20 minutes or until crust is golden and puffed.
Remove galette from the oven and sprinkle with fresh basil. Set aside for 15 before slicing and serving.

Submitter: 
tcasa
Description: 
A lite and savory meal to use up all of those tomatoes from the garden.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
4
Nutritional Facts:
NA
