URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64600119/more-than-minestrone/
Title:
More Than Minestrone Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
5 slices of bacon, cut into bite-sized pieces
1 cup onion, chopped
2 celery stalks, chopped
1 small carrot, chopped
3 medium cloves garlic, minced
1  28-ounce can peeled Italian-style tomatoes
1/2 cup fresh parsley, chopped
6 cups chicken stock
1  10-ounce can red kidney beans, drained and rinsed
1  10-ounce can cannellini white beans (or great northern beans), drained and rinsed
1  10-ounce can garbanzo beans (or black beans), drained and rinsed
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 1/2 cups small shell pasta
parmesan cheese to sprinkle on top of bowls

Directions:
Saute bacon in large heavy pot for 5 minutes, until just crisp. ***
Add onion and celery to bacon and drippings.  Cook until vegetables are soft but not brown.
Add Carrot & garlic; cook 2 minutes longer.
Add tomatoes, parsley, chicken stock, beans, basil & oregano; simmer over medium heat for 20 minutes.
Add pasta and cook for 8 minutes longer, or until pasta is al dente.  Stir frequently to prevent pasta from sticking.  Add additional water or stock if soup becomes too thick.
Ladle into bowls and sprinkle with parmesan cheese.
*** As an alternative to bacon, I sometimes cook a meaty ham bone, and use the stock and meat in the soup instead of the bacon and chicken stock.  To make the stock, add 1 bay leaf, 3 whole cloves, and 2 quarts of water; simmer 30 minutes. (be sure to remove the bay leaf and cloves before using the stock!) This recipe for the Ham Stock is from "Graham Kerr's Minimax Cook Book"

Submitter: 
Yomama
Description: 
My favorite soup recipe!  It came from the cookbook Simply Classic, by The Junior League of Seattle.  I've included some alternatives not in the original.  This hearty soup freezes very well and the flavor improves with reheating.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 min
Ready in:
1 h
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
