URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64606629/creamy-chicken-soup/
Title:
Creamy chicken soup Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
CREAMY CHICKEN NOODLE SOUP
SAVE
PRINT
Super creamy Chicken Noodle Soup beats any soup any day. The perfect comfort food in a bowl, lightened up with half of the calories AND no heavy cream!
Makes over 12 cups!
Author: Karina - Cafe Delites
Serves: 8
INGREDIENTS
1 tablespoon olive oil
6 skinless, bone-in chicken thighs
1 yellow onion, chopped
2 garlic cloves, minced
2 large carrots, sliced
1 celery stalk, diced
? cup plain | all-purpose flour
2 tablespoons fresh chopped parsley
1 chicken bullion cube, crushed (or 2-3 teaspoons vegetable stock powder)
1 good pinch of salt (adjust to you taste)
4 cups chicken broth
5 cups 2% milk*
10 ounces | 300 grams uncooked egg noodles or pasta of choice
? cup frozen peas
Order Ingredients
Report this ad
INSTRUCTIONS
Heat the oil in a large pot over medium heat. Sear the chicken thighs on both sides until golden (about 3 minutes each side). Add the onion, garlic, carrots, celery. Sauté for another 5 minutes until the onion becomes transparent and the celery just begins to soften. Add flour, parsley, crushed bullion cube (or vegetable stock powder), and salt. Mix all of the ingredients through and allow to cook for a further 3 minutes.
Pour in the broth; mix everything together thoroughly; increase heat and bring to a boil for about 4 minutes (the broth will begin to thicken). Reduce heat, partially cover the pot with a lid, and allow to simmer for 20-25 minutes or until the chicken is cooked through.
Transfer chicken to a plate and shred the meat; discard the bones.
Add the chicken back into the soup along with the milk and noodles (or pasta). Bring to a boil and allow to cook for 6-8 minutes until the noodles are JUST beginning to soften. Add the peas and continue to cook until the peas are cooked and the s

Directions:
See

Submitter: 
Ona
Description: 
See
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
