URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64605009/cuban-black-beans/
Title:
Cuban Black Beans Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
1 1/2 Green Peppers, stemmed and seeded
10 Garlic Cloves
1 pound of dried black beans, rinsed and picked over to remove any stones
1 -2 Smoked Ham Hock
2 Bay Leaves
2-3 tea salt, or to taste
1/4 Cup Olive Oil
1 Spanish onion, diced
1 Jalapeno, stemmed and finely chopped
1 tea dried oregano
1/2 tea ground cumin
1/2 tea black peper
3 TBL distilled white vinegar
1 TBL brown sugar

Directions:
1. Cut green pepper into 1" squares.  Small and peel 4 garlic cloves.  Put green pepper and garlic into a large pot with beans, ham hock, bay leaves, and 1 tea salt.   Add 2 quarts of water and bring to a boil.  Cover the pot and simmer until the beans are tender, 1-2 hours.
2.  Meanwhile, make a sofrito.  Cut 1/2 a green pepper into 1/4" dice.  Peel and finely chop the remaining garlic.  Heat the olive oil in a very large skillet over medium high heat.  Add green pepper and onion and cook until slightly softened, about 3 minutes.  Add the garlic, jalapeno, oregano, cumin, black pepper, and remaining salt and stir for one minute.  Pour in the vinegar and scrape any browned bits from the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon.  This is your sofrito.
3.  When the beans are cooked, discard the bay leaf.  Remove and set aside the ham hock and let it cool.  Transfer 1 cup of beans to small bowl, mash them into a paste with the back of a fork and return to the pot.  Add the sofrito, then the sugar.  Pull the meat from the ham hock, leaving behind any white gristle.  Chop the ham into 1/2" inch pieces and return it to the bean pot.
4. Sir the beans well and bring to a boil over medium heat, then lower to a simmer and cook, uncovered for 20 minutes or so.  Taste for salt and serve with white rice.

Submitter: 
richgator
Description: 
restaurant style black bean without the soaking
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
25
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
8
Nutritional Facts:
NA
