URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64601774/warm-apple-pie-bread/
Title:
Warm Apple Pie Bread Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
Follow Spend With Pennies on Pinterest for more great recipes!
? cup brown sugar, divided
½ tablespoon ground cinnamon
? cup white sugar
¼ cup butter, softened
¼ cup applesauce (note: you can use ½ cup butter and skip the applesauce if you prefer)
2 eggs, well beaten
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1½ cups all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons baking powder
? cup milk
1 large or 2 small apples, peeled and chopped
1 tablespoon butter, melted

Directions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease and flour an 8x4 loaf pan
Combine ? cup of the brown sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl and set aside.
With mixer on medium, cream white sugar, remaining brown sugar and butter until fluffy. Mix in applesauce (if using), beaten eggs and vanilla.
Stir together flour and baking powder. Add flour to egg mixture along with milk and stir just until combined. Do not overmix!!
Pour half of the batter into a greased and floured loaf pan. Sprinkle with ½ of the apples and ½ of the cinnamon mixture.
Stir the remaining apples into the remaining batter and pour into the pan. Top with remaining cinnamon mixture.
Bake approx. 40 minutes. Brush topping with melted butter. Continue baking an additional 5-10 minutes or until a toothpick comes
I use either all butter or 1/2 applesauce and 1/2 butter in this recipe.  Using the applesauce will give this bread a slightly chewier texture plus it’s a tiny bit healthier!  Any type of apple will work in this recipe, but a crisper variety (such as granny smith) holds up better and you’ll want to peel it first!
Originally I used to bake this in a 9×5 pan but I have found that it bakes better and higher in an 8×4 pan.  Yours may take slightly longer but you’ll just want to ensure a toothpick comes out clean.  I check it at 35 minutes to ensure it doesn’t overcook.

Submitter: 
Gina Lee Lafreniere
Description: 
This starts with a soft buttery base and fresh apples are both mixed within and layered throughout with a cinnamon ribbon.  Finally it’s all topped off with a sweet and crunchy cinnamon topping and baked until fluffy.
This bread is delicious served warm but will keep for about 2 days on the counter (although it never lasts that long around here)!  If you’d like to keep it longer I’d suggest refrigerating it in a tightly sealed container due to the moisture of the apples.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15
Ready in:
1 hr 15 min
Number of servings: 
12
Nutritional Facts:
NA
