URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64603644/braised-beef-brisket/
Title:
Braised Beef Brisket Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
5-7 lb brisket, first cut
4 cups onion, peeled and diced
4 cups red bell pepper, diced
4 cloves garlic, peeled
2 cups strong brewed coffee or espresso blend
¾ cup dark rum (I used Bacardi Select)
1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil, divided
Beef broth
2 tsp kosher salt
1 1/2 tsp black pepper
4 tsp cornstarch

Directions:
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Rinse the brisket and pat dry, rub with salt and pepper. Heat 2 tbsp of olive oil in a large roasting pan over medium high heat. Place the brisket into the pan. Brown the brisket on both sides (about 5 minutes per side).
Remove brisket from the pan. Drizzle remaining 2 tbsp olive oil in the pan and add the diced onions, diced red peppers and garlic. Sauté the vegetables for a few minutes, scraping up the brown bits on the bottom of the pan with your spatula.
When onion is translucent, add coffee and rum and bring to a simmer. Scrape up any remaining brown bits on the bottom of the pan as the liquid heats up.
Place brisket back into the pan, cover with peppers, onions and liquid. Pour beef broth into the pan until it goes halfway up the sides of your brisket.
Cover roasting pan tightly with foil, tenting slightly so there is no contact between the foil and the ingredients inside, and place in the oven.
Let the brisket roast undisturbed for 5 to 7 hours. It will take about 1 hour per pound of meat (leaner cuts of meat may take longer—test for doneness). Brisket is ready when it flakes and is fork tender. You can let it cook even longer for a soft, shredded texture if that’s what you prefer.
Open the foil to vent and let the brisket slowly return to room temperature. Discard foil. Transfer brisket, vegetables and cooking juices over to a glass or ceramic baking dish. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator. Let the brisket chill overnight, or up to two days.
1-2 hours before serving, remove the brisket from the refrigerator and preheat your oven to 350 degrees F. The fat in the sauce will have risen to the top and solidified. Use a spoon to scoop the fat bits out of the sauce and discard. Take the brisket out of the dish and brush any excess sauce and vegetables back into the dish. Place brisket on a cutting board, fat-side up. Slice the meat cold—first cut the fat cap off the brisket, then cut the brisket in thin slices against the grain.
Mix 4 tsp of cornstarch into 2 tbsp of cold water. Stir the mixture into your cooking liquid. Alternatively, rather than adding the cornstarch mixture, you can blend the sauce to make a gravy. Once you've skimmed the fat from the sauce, pour the chilled cooking liquid and vegetables into a blender and blend.
Return the sliced brisket to the dish and spoon sauce and vegetables or blended gravy over it, making sure to spoon a little sauce between each slice.
Cover the dish with foil and place it in the oven. Let the brisket roast for 45-60 minutes till heated through. You can cook it even longer to let it become more tender, if you wish. To thicken the sauce further, stir in more of the cornstarch/water mixture, a teaspoon at a time, into the hot sauce till it has t

Submitter: 
Jennifer
Description: 
A tender brisket made with dark rum and a dark espresso blend coffee to give the sauce a deeper flavor.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
30 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
10
Nutritional Facts:
NA
