URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64603985/bolete-bacon/
Title:
Bolete Bacon Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/3996704.jpg
Ingredients:
3 pounds or so of sliced edible Bolete (Porcini) mushrooms. Boletes come in different sizes; you'll want to end up with at least 3 to 6 cups.
3 tablespoons olive oil
2 tablespoons butter
3 cloves finely chopped fresh garlic
Coarse ground salt and pepper to taste (1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon of each)
3 - 6 tablespoons of fine port, sherry, marsala or other sweet red wine
3 teaspoons of rough-chopped fresh parsley (or at least the leaves stripped off the springs and cut in half)

Directions:
Brush boletes clean. You can discard or use stipes (stems), depending on taste. Slice mushrooms into 1/4 to 1/3 inch slices.
Heat olive oil, butter and chopped garlic in a cast iron or nonstick skillet over medium heat until sizzling. Add sliced boletes, about two handfuls at a time. Should be enough to cover the bottom of the pan, but slices shouldn't be stacked on top of one another.
The mushroom slices will bleed out their liquid and you will hear the sizzling in the pan increase. Allow this to happen for a few minutes, until the sizzling sound diminishes, which means the moisture is mostly drained.
Flip the mushrooms to the other side. The cooked side should be nicely browned and slightly crispy (not black).
Splash a portion of your wine over the mushrooms, and sprinkle on the rosemary. As soon as the wine has reduced (mostly sizzled away), gently stir the mushrooms. Allow another minute or so, then remove from heat.
You will repeat this process several times until the mushrooms you have prepared are gone. Each time you should add fresh wine and rosemary. You may need to replenish butter, salt and pepper in moderate amounts on your third batch.

Submitter: 
Larry Short
Description: 
'Boletes' are a class of exotic mushroom commonly known as 'Porcini.' This recipe actually contains no bacon, but I call it 'Bolete Bacon' because Boletes prepared this way taste like the bacon of the mushroom world. If you think mushrooms are boring, think again!

Three types of edible Boletes can be harvested and prepared for use in this recipe: King Boletes, Admirable Boletes, or Slippery Jacks. Note: Not all Boletes are edible, so make sure you are completely sure of what you are harvesting! For more on Bolete hunting and preparation, please read my blog at www.MushroomObsession.com.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
0:30
Ready in:
1:00
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
