URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64609690/big-rays-cheesy-caprese-chicken-quinoa-casserole/
Title:
Big Ray's Cheesy Caprese Chicken & Quinoa Casserole Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4132945.jpg
Ingredients:
3 cups diced rotisserie chicken (or any other cooked chicken)
1 cup uncooked quinoa
2 cups chicken broth
2 cups crushed tomatoes
2 Tbsp tomato paste
1 Tbsp balsamic vinegar
1/4 cup half and half
1/2 tsp crushed red pepper
Salt and pepper, to taste
1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, divided
1 cup grape tomatoes, halved
Handful fresh basil, chopped

Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
To make quinoa, rinse and soak for about 10 minutes in warm water. Bring 2 cups of chicken broth to a boil in a small saucepan, drain quinoa and add to boiling broth. Cover and reduce heat to a simmer, cooking for about 12 to 15 minutes. Turn heat off and allow quinoa to sit for 5 minutes, then fluff with a fork; set aside.
To make the sauce, combine crushed tomatoes, tomato paste and balsamic vinegar in a saucepan on medium heat and bring to a simmer. Add half and half, crushed red pepper and salt/pepper and continue cooking until heated through.
In a large bowl, mix together chopped chicken, quinoa, Parmesan cheese and a 1/2 cup mozzarella cheese, then add sauce to quinoa mixture; mixing well.
Pour quinoa mixture into a prepared 9x13 baking dish and top with the remaining mozzarella cheese and tomatoes.
Bake in the oven for 12 to 15 minutes, or until cheese is melted and casserole is heated through. Top with fresh basil, serve and enjoy!

Submitter: 
bfr610
Description: 
I often use rotisserie chicken because, well duh, rotisserie chicken always has SO much flavor plus it really makes preparing this dish quick and simple.  You could of course cook up some chicken breasts to use, but this just makes things a little easier when time is of the essence.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
15 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
