URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64607832/holy-macaroni-and-cheese/
Title:
Holy Macaroni (and Cheese) Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/images/79590.png
Ingredients:
2 Tablespoons Butter
2 Tablespoons Flour
2 Cups Heavy Cream
16 ounces shredded Extra Sharp Cheddar
8 ounces Monterey Jack (shredded)
1-2 Tablespoons Hot Sauce
1-2 Tablespoons Yellow Mustard
2 teaspoons All Purpose Seasoning
1 Cup Mayo
1 Cup Sour Cream
12 ounces Elbow Macaroni Noodles, cooked to just under al dente (6-8 minutes)
1/2 Cup Panko bread crumbs
12 ounces Thin Sliced Bacon

Directions:
Preheat oven or smoker to 350 degrees Fahrenheit.
Bake or fry bacon until crispy and allow to drain on a paper towel. Finely chop bacon with food processor and set aside.
In saucepan, heat 2 tablespoons of butter and 2 tablespoons of flour over medium heat. Cook until the roux starts smelling a little nutty. At that point, add 1/2 cup of the heavy cream and stir until sauce thickens. Add an additional 1/2 cup of heavy cream and stir for 1-2 minutes and then add final 1 cup of heavy cream and stir until sauce is smooth and thick.
Add grated cheese to sauce slowly stirring until the cheese is blended and sauce is smooth and creamy. Add 1-2 tablespoons of hot sauce depending on the heat level you desire.
Mix together pasta, sauce, mayo and sour cream and pour into a casserole or oven-safe dish.  Well-greased cast iron works well.
Mix panko with chopped bacon. Top mac & cheese with panko/bacon mixture.
Place the casserole or skillet in your preheated oven or smoker for 1 hour (or until mac & cheese becomes hot and bubbly). Make sure to check halfway through the cooking time. If mac & cheese is getting too dark, cover with foil and continue cooking.

Submitter: 
Mark Adams
Description: 
Prepared in the oven or on the smoker, this creamy Mac 'n' Cheese is always amazing!
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
20 m
Ready in:
NA
Number of servings: 
6
Nutritional Facts:
NA
