URL:
https://www.allrecipes.com/personal-recipe/64608006/double-decker-marshmallow-fudge/
Title:
Double-Decker Marshmallow Fudge Recipe
Image:
https://images.media-allrecipes.com/userphotos/250x250/4095256.jpg
Ingredients:
Cooking spray
3 cups semisweet chocolate chips
1 (14 ounce) can sweetened condensed milk
1/4 cup butter
3 packages unflavored gelatin
2 cups granulated sugar
1 cup powdered sugar

Directions:
1. Line a 9-1/2 x 13” cake or jelly roll pan with tin foil. Coat with cooking spray and set aside.
2. Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium, add condensed milk and stir to mix, then pour in chocolate chips. Stir until completely melted, then pour into prepared pan. Coat a spatula with cooking spray to avoid sticking to batter, the press batter into pan in an even layer. Refrigerate for about 2 hours, until completely cooled.
3. In a large mixing bowl, combine a 1/2 of a cup of cold water with the gelatin and allow to sit until gelatin forms, about 15 minutes.
4. While gelatin is forming, combine the sugar and 1/2 of a cup of water in a medium saucepan on medium heat, stirring until sugar has dissolved, about 5 to 8 minutes. Increase heat to bring mixture to a low boil, and continue to boil until the temperature reaches 240 degrees F on a candy thermometer—about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat.
5. Slowly pour sugar mixture into the bowl with the gelatin, simultaneously using a mixer on low. Gradually increase speed to high and continue whipping until the batter is very thick but not stiff, about 10 to 15 minutes. (NOTE: a standing mixer will speed up this process a lot, so keep an eye on it so it doesn’t get so thick you can’t pour it.)
6. Pour the marshmallow batter on top of the fudge, smoothing the surface with a spatula coated in cooking spray.
7. Let the marshmallow and fudge sit at room temperature for about 6 hours, uncovered, until completely set.
8. Dust the top of the marshmallow with most of the powdered sugar. Refrigerate for at least two hours for easier slicing.
9. Lift fudge/marshmallow out of the pan by the edges of the tin foil and place on a large cutting board.
10. Use a large knife, continually coating in remaining powdered sugar, to cut fudge/marshmallow into 1-1/2” squares.

Submitter: 
Mackenzie Schieck
Description: 
A layer of homemade marshmallow batter is poured over a pan of fudge to make a truly decadent version of this holiday favorite.
Categories:

Number of ratings:
NA
Number of stars:
0
Prep time: 
45 min
Ready in:
12 h
Number of servings: 
24
Nutritional Facts:
NA
